+++
author = "Madelyn Cline"
title = "Madelyn Cline Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Madelyn Cline Quotes"
keywords = "madelyn cline,madelyn cline quotes,madelyn cline quote,madelyn cline sayings,madelyn cline saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Kissing onscreen is very awkward because you have to worry about angles and you have to worry about where the camera is and you have to remember where your head was in this moment.''' ,'''I was like, 'You know what, I'm going to try a juice cleanse.' I'd never done it before but I thought it was a good idea. I was miserable. I wanted food, I was cranky and the bottom line is I don't think I will ever do that again.''' ,'''There was definitely a time where I kind of did rebel a little bit, but it was not until I had graduated college.''' ,'''Skin care is massively important to me. My mom instilled that into my brain from a pretty young age.''' ,'''When I first started acting, I was genuinely questioning whether or not I should be doing this.''' ,'''Whether that be starting conversations about environmental conservation or taking part in being a voice for people who don't have a voice, I just want to help people however I can.''' ,'''Whatever I want to do, I want to make a difference.''' ,'''I think about moving across the country, barely having the money to do it, it gives me so much anxiety. I think there's something to be said for just not knowing, being a little naive, and just flying by the seat of your pants, because it is a big thing, it's really stressful.''' ,'''I think if I could pick one moment it would be when I was going to college in the South and it wasn't what I wanted to do. I knew I wanted to be out here in LA and acting.''' ,'''LA is a harsh city to be in when you're a little girl from the South, and you have absolutely no idea what you're doing and you are thinking, 'Am I making, have I made a massive mistake? I don't have money to move back home. My parents are not on board with this. What do I do?'''' ,'''I'm continually reminding myself that it's OK to have an opinion.''' ,'''If I was going to be on screen in a bathing suit, I wanted to feel good about myself.''' ,'''The early days were really difficult because it was constant no's, I didn't have an agent. I always knew that I had something to offer, but it just felt like I could never get someone to give me a chance.''' ,'''I'm not great with my phone. I can put it somewhere and forget about it for a few hours.''' ,'''It's not called the low country for nothing, it's literally at sea level. If we don't start paying attention to conservation in our environment, the water levels are going to rise and those areas are going to start disappearing.''' ,'''I've been taking five minutes to sit by myself and meditate, and it's definitely something I'm going to continue doing.''' ,]
+++