+++
author = "Muhtar Kent"
title = "Muhtar Kent Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Muhtar Kent Quotes"
keywords = "muhtar kent,muhtar kent quotes,muhtar kent quote,muhtar kent sayings,muhtar kent saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Consumers no longer want only a great product - they want to buy products from companies that align with their own character and values.''' ,'''I always encourage our people and young business people that I meet to have a respect for cash, keeping some in their pockets and purses at all times. To me, that's essential.''' ,'''I've always believed in the importance of education and continuing to learn throughout every stage of life.''' ,'''Coca-Cola is the only business in the world where no matter which country or town or village you are in, if someone asks what do you do, and you say you work for Coca-Cola, you never have to answer the question, 'What is that?'''' ,'''While my father was a diplomat rather than a business person, I count him as a critically important formative role model. He was comfortable living and working all around the world, wherever he was assigned.''' ,'''If there's a choice between tap water and bottled water, the consumer can make that choice. In a very large geography in the world, that choice does not exist.''' ,'''I love Southeast Asia. As a child, I lived in that part of the world. My first time in Burma was in 1958 with my parents.''' ,'''Businesses need to proactively create models that make a difference in society and let everyone else use them, talk about them, emulate them - and build on them.''' ,'''Growing up, I had a sense of the importance of commerce and trade to everyday life. Our family lived in several countries, and I was fascinated by the free exchange of goods and services between individuals and companies - the way both parties could benefit.''' ,'''Obesity is a societal issue. We have to come together with government, business, civil society, and NGOs to create solutions for this.''' ,'''We need to focus on the speed with which local governments can work with businesses.''' ,'''The model of Coca-Cola is local, whether it's investing, partnering, sourcing, producing, or selling. We market and distribute locally; we pay taxes locally. And it works.''' ,'''Without investment there will not be growth, and without growth there will not be employment.''' ,]
+++