+++
author = "Tony Pulis"
title = "Tony Pulis Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Tony Pulis Quotes"
keywords = "tony pulis,tony pulis quotes,tony pulis quote,tony pulis sayings,tony pulis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've mellowed with my age.''' ,'''I've been happy at all the clubs I've been at.''' ,'''What really, really matters is the dressing room and the people on the training ground being very, very focused in what we are trying to achieve on and off the ball.''' ,'''That's what all the good players do. They actually go out and perform on the pitch.''' ,'''Players live a different life. They've been blessed. They live in a bubble and they live in a world where they get everything really. They've become film stars.''' ,'''It's no good me talking about my future. I don't determine my future, other people do.''' ,'''People talk about me being a firefighter, but I have also been very successful. It annoys me that in this country you get pigeon-holed for certain things.''' ,'''I enjoy the gym. I think if you're fit in your body, you're fit in your mind. So I get up most mornings and I'm first there usually. I stay in there for an hour, an hour and a half, do my work, shower and then I have a nice breakfast.''' ,'''Age is just a number. For 18 months at Boro I was the first one in at training and one of the last out. I look at people like Manuel Pellegrini and Marcelo Bielsa and think they all have something to offer.''' ,'''I knew the day I left Newport that if I came back, I'd failed. The fear of losing the game, of having to go home and tell my family, 'I tried but it didn't work out,' has haunted me. It is still there, and it is a strength and a weakness.''' ,'''I think sometimes people don't understand the difference between being competitive and being dirty.''' ,'''Ever since I started professional football at 15 there was always that togetherness and solidarity in the dressing room - it is a sanctuary. When I started football everyone believed it.''' ,'''I watched Cardiff when I was a young boy. I also watched Newport. If I wasn't playing games on Saturday, for Newport YMCA or Pill, I would jump on a train and get to watch Cardiff.''' ,'''What people don't talk about is I've been promoted out of every division and been to the final of an FA Cup.''' ,'''I accept that in life and football you have good times and bad, and it's how you deal with it.''' ,'''My dad was a steelworker but I had the opportunity to become a player. A very average player but a player all the same. But I worked my socks off to make something of myself.''' ,'''I have this restlessness. I'm relentless to do things. My wife will say I'm an absolute nightmare.''' ,'''I have always been interested in history.''' ,'''They should bring back National Service.''' ,'''I always remember sitting with my son, Anthony, at Arsenal one night and watching Barcelona during the warm-up. Messi launched this ball miles into the air and then killed it dead with his foot when it came back down. Anthony and I just looked at each other. Normal human beings aren't capable of doing that.''' ,'''We know you have good runs and bad runs. The big thing you learn in the Premiership is you have to take it on the chin. You have learn how to lose without getting too down and too despondent. You have to box that up, put it to one side and make sure everyone who counts stays positive.''' ,'''I have my grumpy days. The players will tell you that. But you have to be positive because you have to lift them.''' ,'''When things aren't right, I can overreact because of the fear of losing everything. The insecurity drives me, and helps keep my feet on the ground.''' ,'''Middlesbrough took a lot out of me, it was enjoyable but draining.''' ,'''If you're a manager in the Premier League the pressure is enormous because if you don't win matches, you'll not be there very long.''' ,'''Stoke-on-Trent is totally and utterly different to South London.''' ,'''I've actually carried the Olympic torch through Stoke-on-Trent.''' ,'''When you have seven grandchildren and you've been around them a while, they soften you up. But there's still that little streak in me that if I need to make sure something has to be done, then it gets done.''' ,'''I don't like fiction, I like reading proper history.''' ,'''I think football is a reflection on life and society and you have to move with the times. I've moved with the times, I've had to.''' ,'''When things go wrong it is magnified 10 times more in the Premier League.''' ,'''I think everybody has got to understand that you go into certain games, and they've got all the tools and the weapons to win a game of football and you're really trying to contend as much as anything else.''' ,'''I've always been bloody single minded, which is probably why I've been in the game so long.''' ,'''I've always been a bit old-fashioned and thought the best way to sort things out was man to man.''' ,'''When you're young you say things you maybe regret, I have been there and I am sure every player has, you say something you wish you hadn't and you learn from these things.''' ,'''In football if you don't spend the money well enough it comes back to bite you, over not one season but two or three!''' ,'''You get pigeonholed. You accept it or you fight it. I've accepted it.''' ,'''My biggest concern for the country is that many kids are now just looking at their parents who've lived on benefit and think that's the norm. It's so sad.''' ,'''Everybody wants things now. If I hadn't been given the time at Stoke, or at other clubs earlier in my career, I don't think I would have ever been successful.''' ,'''Look, you are going to get criticism if things don't go well.''' ,'''My teams have always been very hard-working and competitive.''' ,'''Every time I take my teams abroad, the players always behave.''' ,'''We push experience aside and forget about people far too quickly.''' ,'''Everything about the Premier League is wonderful, even when you get beat.''' ,'''Stoke-on-Trent - forget about the football club, or the people at the football club, and the supporters - Stoke-on-Trent is a wonderful place.''' ,'''When you lose a game you still get as disappointed, 24 years on. Losing a game of football, even when you have played well, kills you.''' ,'''The FA have to be careful in telling you what you can and cannot say. If they are telling you that you cannot tell the truth, then they are on sticky ground.''' ,'''I always think the best players come from the areas where there are loads of chimney pots, where they have been brought up a little bit tougher than the others.''' ,'''I have read loads of books on Napoleon. For him to come from nothing and then lead his country, that fascinated me. It doesn't matter what you think of him. He did it.''' ,'''I still believe in a lot of good old-fashioned values, and I do think anyone will ever change me in that respect.''' ,'''When you lose a game of football, you can still be a winner by taking it on the chin and getting on with it.''' ,'''If you're hiring a manager for two to three years, you need to get it right.''' ,'''Whichever way the result goes, my 1,000th game will be at Stoke and I had great times there.''' ,'''Referees will make good decisions and bad ones. But when they make decisions actually affecting a game of football, it's disappointing.''' ,'''People go on about my style of play. But I tell you what I do - I go into football clubs, I try to find out what systems suit the players and I try to get the damnedest out of those players. That's what I've done everywhere I've been.''' ,'''We all get knocked down in life, the big thing is getting back up.''' ,'''English football, especially Premier League football, is different to most football on the continent.''' ,'''I hope Darren Moore is a good manager, when he was my captain at Portsmouth, he could lead battleships out of water, he was that good.''' ,'''However terrible the football, when you're winning you can get away with it.''' ,'''The Premier League is a wonderful league, the best league in the world, and there are a lot of clubs who overachieve and they overachieve massively. Because of results they get pushed down instead of people scratching the surface and seeing what is really happening.''' ,'''Someone asked me 'What's the biggest thing you'll take out of the Premier League?' I said that you can't relax. I think you can go from having a great run of games - you can go four, five, six unbeaten - and turn a corner and go into a run of seven or eight games without winning. That's how difficult it is for the so-called smaller clubs.''' ,'''I have been animated all my life on the bench.''' ,'''I think the biggest thing in the Premier League is the divide between the people who have and the people who haven't.''' ,'''The more you achieve, the more people want.''' ,'''I'm very determined, single-minded, just ask the wife.''' ,'''The biggest thing about management is self-motivation.''' ,'''I just get on with my job and do that job to the best of my ability.''' ,'''You have to accept criticism.''' ,'''I've come from a working class background in South Wales with eight of us in a three bedroom house. Four boys in one bed, two sisters in the other bedroom and mum and dad in the box room.''' ,'''When we were at Stoke and we first got in to the Premier League we had been second in the Championship and were regular winners in that division. The following year we weren't regular winners, so you have to manage yourself and you have to be positive yourself you have to lift the players.''' ,'''People have a perception of you and that's very difficult to change.''' ,'''The important thing is not just getting good players in, but getting good characters and the right types of player in.''' ,'''There are players like that - you know they have been rascals, and that you can bring them in, give them a new environment and get a length of time out of them, but they will always return to type. You can get something out of them, then you have to get rid of them.''' ,'''That's management. It's a social job as much as anything else, finding out what people are like, seeing through them. There have been good players and not-so-good players who I have moved along because I thought there would be a clash of character.''' ,'''There are loads of good principles we've lost as a nation. Discipline. Organisation. Respect. I was brought up with those.''' ,'''Everyone talks about not being relegated, but as a manager I have got a few promotions.''' ,'''If a top four job came along, I don't think people will look at Tony Pulis to do that.''' ,'''Every job I've had I feel lucky to have had. Of all the family, I was the lucky one. I've been very fortunate. I don't regret anything, I don't crave anything.''' ,'''My approach to every game is the same.''' ,'''I keep saying, and I've said it to the players, what happens in a dressing room stays in a dressing room, whether that's with me and a player, whether it's two players together, whether it's the coaching staff and the players. I just think it's almost a sacred environment and that trust in that area is unbreakable.''' ,'''The great thing about this country is that everyone has the chance to voice their own opinion.''' ,'''I've come from a fantastic, working class area and to actually have the fortune to be given that opportunity to get out of that has never left me. I was determined from the first day I left to make the most of it and that will never stop.''' ,'''Discipline and respect and hard work are not bad words. I expect that from everybody - especially the players who are in fortunate and very lucky positions.''' ,'''You get spits and spats all the time in football.''' ,'''If you don't work hard at it, nothing's given in this game.''' ,'''When I was a player, if you weren't in the team you would be knocking on the manager's door, saying, 'Well, if I can't play here, I'd like to play somewhere else.'''' ,'''I've never had dirty teams.''' ,'''I have never made a special case for certain players, even when coming up against individuals of the quality of someone like Cristiano Ronaldo.''' ,'''There is no point going man-to-man with a player of Messi's ability. He is so clever he would drag your player all over the pitch and still find a way to destroy you, probably exploiting the hole you've left by assigning someone to that role.''' ,'''I can remember being at Gillingham playing in the fourth division ringing up other people I knew at clubs to see what team they would play, if they had injuries. Or you would ring a press man you knew in that area.''' ,'''You have different characters in the dressing room. If you have a go at someone, someone might answer back, other people will take it and speak afterwards.''' ,'''There are too many people coming out of school and heading into a life of nothing. They go straight on the dole or into crime.''' ,'''Respect for people who employ you, respect for people you work with, respect for the job you're doing is enormous for me. I adhere to those principles.''' ,'''Social media is good in some ways, for me to Skype my son and grandchildren every day in America is wonderful. But then you've got other things on the Internet which are absolutely dreadful. It's poisonous and there should be greater control of that. You're not going to change it, though, so you have to work with it.''' ,'''Adversity is when you show your strength of character.''' ,'''What frustrates me more than anything is that I push on so far and people become complacent, lose that bit of edge, and it's very difficult to keep driving people on. That's probably the greatest fault of mine: I expect everybody to be like me.''' ,'''I find rowing very boring, I've got to be honest.''' ,'''The great thing for me is I wasn't a great player - I managed at the lower level and managed to be successful and that gives great hope to everyone else.''' ,'''It must be a nightmare for football managers' wives, putting up with us.''' ,'''It's annoying and disappointing that people think I just keep clubs up.''' ,]
+++