+++
author = "Billy Idol"
title = "Billy Idol Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Billy Idol Quotes"
keywords = "billy idol,billy idol quotes,billy idol quote,billy idol sayings,billy idol saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't think punk ever really dies, because punk rock attitude can never die.''' ,'''It doesn't matter about money; having it, not having it. Or having clothes, or not having them. You're still left alone with yourself in the end.''' ,'''There was a time when my whole life was in chaos, really, and I didn't help myself sort it out. But one day I came to my senses, and I think I was lucky because a lot of people don't.''' ,'''I love it when someone insults me. That means that I don't have to be nice anymore.''' ,'''It's like, what happened, I was always leading fashion, and then the grunge thing kind of came along. And because I've been so on top in the '80s you know, I, you know, what can I do? Suddenly go grunge?''' ,'''I think love's exciting and happy, as well as being able to make you sad.''' ,'''I'm really a singer, so I love songs and I love singing. I like rap music, but I didn't grow up freestyling.''' ,'''The biggest misconception people have about me is that I'm stupid.''' ,'''They wouldn't play my records on American radio because I had spiky hair. They said, 'Punk rock doesn't sell advertising, it won't make any money.'''' ,'''My dad was one of the reasons I got into rock and roll, because I was learning the ropes of his business, which was selling powertools, and I was looking for a way out from under his heel. I was like, 'Where's the fun? Where's the glamour?'''' ,'''I'm not talking with an American accent. I haven't gone off and become Sammy Hagar.''' ,'''I am quite a romantic person, really, and I should have put that into my music earlier, but I was probably denying it... I didn't want to be soft because I felt I had to be so hard to get people to believe in me.''' ,'''Rock isn't art, it's the way ordinary people talk.''' ,'''The world goes on, you go on and you change. You want to show the fans those changes, and you want to be able to verbalize them.''' ,'''Part of the punk attitude was that you should project your music through your whole body... show your personality as much as possible.''' ,'''I rocked the cradle of love.''' ,'''When I started out, everyone seemed to be adopting these names... Johnny Rotten, Sid Vicious. I wasn't really Rotten or Vicious or Nasty, so I wanted something a bit more funny - yet something that seemed real rock 'n' roll... something that acknowledged my ambition.''' ,'''My hair used to be real long, and my parents were encouraged when I cut it. They thought I was going 'straight,' but I was just getting weirder - at least in their eyes. I was getting into the punk thing.''' ,'''I'm not trying to hide from my past. I want to roll in it. Like a dog, rolling in feces, I'm rolling in the feces of my greatest hits - that's a bit of a wild way of looking at it, but I am a man, and we do like rolling in our own feces at times.''' ,'''I don't care what stage or what reason, as long as we're playing.''' ,'''If your world doesn't allow you to dream, move to one where you can.''' ,]
+++