+++
author = "French Montana"
title = "French Montana Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 French Montana Quotes"
keywords = "french montana,french montana quotes,french montana quote,french montana sayings,french montana saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel like, you know, some people like to wear colorful stuff. Some people like to be blacked down, and some people just want to be colorful. Some people just have weird problems. I'm never going to wear a pink sweater. Some people just do it because they feel like they can do it.''' ,'''I speak from the heart. Certain people follow lyricists and people that put words on a dictionary together, and this and that. I'm more of a rapper that speaks how I feel. I just tell it how it is.''' ,'''I was never officially signed with Akon, but it was a shopping deal. That was around the time he was going through some problems with his label at Interscope. I waited, but when a deal didn't happen, I just went out on my own.''' ,'''My dream pet? I like a couple of them, man: monkey, I love dogs. See, tigers, I don't know - I can't be playing with something like that. A monkey, I can handle it. A dog, yeah; I would get a monkey.''' ,'''I don't want to sound like Ross; I don't want to sound like Puff. I want to make my own music: French Montana.''' ,'''Sometimes I take off my skully and wear glasses, so I've gotta brush and make sure my hairline is straight.''' ,'''I was born in Morocco and lived there until I was 13; I'm really proud of my heritage.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you got to learn from people that been through what you been through; they help you learn from your mistakes.''' ,'''Every time I look at Twitter, there's always somebody showing support.''' ,'''Besides my son, music is the most important thing to me. I always have music on in my car and playing at house, and I'm in the studio or performing every night. I like Beats by Dre for headphones, and Bang & Olufsen soundsystems.''' ,'''Whatever rappers wear is cool to people.''' ,'''Besides buying a mansion or something, everything I wanted I always got. I'm just ready to invest it and save it. Otherwise, life can hit you, but you can't go back to working at Home Depot. That's why I always just be stacking.''' ,'''I like colorful stuff. I like wearing stuff that nobody is wearing. That's why I wear the bear hat. I'll wear the whole mink.''' ,'''Is it important to have a crew behind me? No, it's important to have me behind them. That's how I look at it. You can't just roll with a situation like you're depending on somebody to help you. You're supposed to help the situation, whatever the situation is that you're in.''' ,'''When I had a kid and I went through my drama and situation, I respected my father more because it kinda made me understand what he went through with me.''' ,'''Every man needs a good, solid watch. My favorite watch is the Presidential Rolex. I own many watches, but this one is usually the one on my wrist. I buy mine in the Diamond District in New York City. Classic.''' ,'''In school, my favorite subject was math. That's where I learned to count money.''' ,'''I'm not going to go to a producer that's going to take me in a studio and charge me my whole budget and give me a fake head nod. I'm just trying to make good music. I appreciate everybody that's supporting me.''' ,'''Umm... I don't judge my relationship with Puff or Bad Boy according to other people or past artists. At the end of the day, you are in charge of your career, and you can't depend on no man to do anything for you. I've learned to judge relationships with a person on myself and that person, not what they have done with previous people.''' ,'''Before I had a son, I used to look at my father's example: he left me, he left my mother. When I had a son, I got caught in the same situation that his mother don't want me to see him. I started looking at my father in a different light.''' ,'''I felt like for what I needed, Bad Boy got me... they got me covered. Especially Puff, man. He's going to be the first billionaire rap entertainer. At the end of the day, they need me. Other artists-labels don't need me, but Bad Boy and Puff needs me. And I need them. It goes both ways.''' ,'''I came from battling, knowing about the lyrics. All that's cool, but if you want people to love you, you have to talk to them about what they go through.''' ,'''It's Fendi. French, Fendi, both start with an F... I fell in love with it. Smells like grown-man cologne.''' ,'''Coming from Morocco was just different, man. It's a third-world country, and you are trying to make it happen. That's all it is. I didn't have any problem hooking up with the black kids because I'm from North Africa. And as far as Latinos, we are all the same.''' ,'''The hardest situation to pick up a girl in is ... in church and in Morocco on Ramadan. On Ramadan or one of those religious days? Try to pick up a girl is bananas.''' ,'''Money is the most important thing because there might be a time when you have no label behind you and you have to carry yourself. Money is the only thing that can shield you.''' ,'''I used to play soccer when I was in Morocco, but I was more of a basketball player. I played high school basketball, I played AAU basketball.''' ,'''I've tried every kind of bottled water, but Poland Spring is my go-to. I always have room-temperature bottles of it on side of stage for post-performance.''' ,'''I have been a fan of Versace for so long, watching people like Biggie, Puff, Jay-Z.''' ,'''You can't expect to make all this money and not go through problems. You can't expect God to give you everything you want without taking something away.''' ,]
+++