+++
author = "Bebe Winans"
title = "Bebe Winans Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Bebe Winans Quotes"
keywords = "bebe winans,bebe winans quotes,bebe winans quote,bebe winans sayings,bebe winans saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Love is so unconditional; love liberates; love is the reason why I do what I do, and so I think it is the greatest gift we have.''' ,'''I stopped singing for a long time because it just wasn't something I was very passionate about.''' ,'''Life is funny, and a lot of times, the people that I've met have really gone past anything that I've ever dreamed of, so I'm really grateful. My friendships really go from the West to the East. You'd be amazed at some of the people I call friends.''' ,'''I applaud anyone who wants to take on the load that comes with being President of the United States. You really have to love your country to place yourself in that position.''' ,'''I have never been the type of person who has ever worried about what people think.''' ,'''Dreams come true, but then things happen that are beyond anything you could dream. To be in a movie and to be in the same room participating in a movie with Meryl Streep? Come on!''' ,'''I wouldn't trade or change a thing, and I've had some hard times.''' ,'''You could take away the singing, and I am fine. But don't take away my gift of writing. It is the best way I can relate and express what I am feeling and what I am going through.''' ,'''I've been privileged to meet presidents and sing at inaugurations and other political events.''' ,'''I teach my children that in life, there is no control of what tomorrow is going to bring. There really isn't. But in whatever it brings, we have choices, and I'm glad because I made more right choices than wrong, but in the wrong choices, there are lessons to be learned.''' ,'''People need to know, before I'm associated with any party, I am an American, and that's what I want to drive home at the RNC.''' ,]
+++