+++
author = "Melanie Scrofano"
title = "Melanie Scrofano Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Melanie Scrofano Quotes"
keywords = "melanie scrofano,melanie scrofano quotes,melanie scrofano quote,melanie scrofano sayings,melanie scrofano saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a big fan of honesty and being real, so to me, it seemed like Wynonna was a very human character in a very supernatural circumstance. I was like, 'I can do that!'''' ,'''I really expected Twitter to be a scary place, for people to say horrible things, but I've had just the opposite experience.''' ,'''You don't have to be in our industry to have a panic attack about your career when you're pregnant. Even if you're a lawyer, you can think, 'I'm scared to take time off because I don't want to get passed by.'''' ,'''Once you become a mother, your relationships in your own life change. Perhaps with your own mother, and perhaps with your sister. Perhaps with your baby-daddy.''' ,'''I can't imagine not playing Wynonna, because I get to play so many different things. In any given episode, I get drama and comedy and horror and all the notes of life, and very few shows or movies give you that opportunity.''' ,'''I think it's refreshing when the people you're looking up to mess up just like you do, but somehow, things, in their own way, work out.''' ,'''I've worn my share of dresses and heels in my career. It's easy. It's not very challenging. It's not fulfilling.''' ,'''I'm never funnier than when I'm heartbroken or terrified.''' ,'''I have unreasonably strong leg muscles.''' ,'''I remember being in high school and this guy saying to me, 'You'd actually be good-looking if you didn't joke around so much.' That affected me, and so I stopped joking around, and I stopped being a goof because I thought people would like me better.''' ,'''The danger with genre is playing genre instead of playing the honesty of what's going on.''' ,'''As an actor, you tend to just look at the script till you get to your stuff.''' ,'''I knew from being pregnant that you can be very strong. You're still very capable. Especially if it was stuff you were able to do before.''' ,'''No such thing as food that's terrible for you, unless you binge on it.''' ,'''I make unbelievable pizza.''' ,'''There are so many factors that go into directing. It's honestly a logistical nightmare for a lead to direct themselves in an episode.''' ,'''I love doing stuff in a harness. It's surprising what you can actually do. I'm reasonably coordinated, so I can do flips and the flipping kicks.''' ,'''I don't know if you've ever tried to run through waist-deep snow, but it's next to impossible.''' ,'''My dad taught me to read by reading comic strips in the Saturday paper and Archie comics.''' ,'''Trying to show people something they haven't really seen before can get a lot of push-back.''' ,'''People are so used to men playing these amazing roles that they sometimes can't even see that there is no reason it has to be a man other than it was written that way - this is true for diversity in general.''' ,'''I've done some awful auditions, and I've really done some horrible work, but it forced me to flex those muscles, and that's what makes you a better actor, just doing bad work and seeing what looks bad and growing from it.''' ,'''I care about hurting other people because, well, I don't want to hurt people - well, I do sometimes, but I still don't.''' ,'''What's wrong with 'Mario Bros. 3?' Not a damn thing.''' ,'''Heroes aren't perfect.''' ,'''I don't smile or talk before 10 A.M. unless it's scripted.''' ,'''To be at the point in which I am playing characters that make such a difference to people and that really tell interesting and important stories, it took getting here to realize how important it is and how satisfying it is.''' ,'''Rejection is never personal, so don't let it consume you.''' ,'''I think any story line that involves a relationship is going to be interesting.''' ,'''A lot of Wynonna is what I wish I could be. I don't like confrontation. I'm pretty polite. But I think she's the side of me that, if I could be free, that's who I'd be.''' ,'''As an actor, there's nothing worse than having to hide anything, because you're just so aware of it.''' ,'''When I was pretending not to be pregnant, I knew where I stood with everyone, and I knew that the world would accept me; I knew where I fit.''' ,'''Twitter is important, but it's not more important than protecting your soul.''' ,'''Hermione Granger is the mix of brain and heart that I've always wanted to be.''' ,'''Trust yourself and don't do anything that doesn't feel right.''' ,'''There are certain things that I might not watch, and, in fact, some things that I've done I don't watch because it's not my cup of tea, I guess.''' ,]
+++