+++
author = "Jess Glynne"
title = "Jess Glynne Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Jess Glynne Quotes"
keywords = "jess glynne,jess glynne quotes,jess glynne quote,jess glynne sayings,jess glynne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Julia Roberts most definitely would play me in the film of my life. Not just because of the hair but because she has all sides to her personality come through in films that I could just imagine her playing my crazy self so well.''' ,'''I would like to see myself with some successful albums, and I'd love to be working with new artists as well as continuing to release my own material. I'd also like to be settled in a lovely place with a lovely partner and gorgeous mini ginger Jess!''' ,'''My skin was really bad. Roxanne Rizzo's products were the first things that really cleared it up.''' ,'''I have so much hair, so straightening takes a long time. I mean, if I look at photos of myself with straight hair, it's hilarious. I look like a different person.''' ,''''Rather Be' and 'Real Love' are two of the most fun songs to perform; they're such feel-good tracks. 'Rather Be,' especially - I've sung it so many times, but I'm still not bored of it.''' ,'''When people come up and tell me they're such a big fan, it's cool. But weird.''' ,'''I love to sing and make music because it makes me feel good.''' ,'''In every operation, there's a risk, and you don't know whether it's gonna... you know, obviously there's that 95% chance, whatever they say, they can never say 100% you're gonna be better. But the concern and the worry is the worst thing.''' ,'''At primary school, me and my best friend used to do D.I.Y. assemblies, and we'd do it as many times as we could until we got banned! We used to sing 'Hero' by Mariah Carey; it was, like, my favourite song; we were obsessed with it. We'd do it as a duet, and it's the first I remember performing.''' ,'''Lipstick doesn't really suit me. For shoots or when I go out, I use it - but if I use it all the time, it makes me look really old, so I keep it natural with nude or a natural pink. Though I did just do a shoot where they did a big red lip, and it looked amazing.''' ,'''I look after my skin quite a lot because in this job, it can get stressful. Pimples come out! I cleanse and moisturize, sometimes do face masks. I've also got a Clarisonic, which is good.''' ,'''I keep my head straight by having the right people around me, from my friends and family to my management and my team. They all keep me in my place. If I didn't have them supporting all the work that I do, I wouldn't be in such a solid place.''' ,'''The fact that I'm on 'Essex Anthems' makes me happy, especially because half of my family's from Essex.''' ,'''I like everything I wear to be in sync.''' ,'''I wasn't that academic, but I always made sure I was earning money. I never wanted to put all my eggs in one basket. Even when I started doing music, my parents were like, 'You need to work; you can't just live off music.' I always knew that. So I worked until I knew I was going to be financially okay.''' ,'''I don't see myself as a famous person.''' ,'''I was just obsessed with soul singers who had these big powerful voices. I used to listen to Aretha, Whitney, Mariah and try and imitate them, note for note and riff for riff.''' ,'''My nan tells me to eat her fish balls and not drink alcohol. I'd rather have the fish balls.''' ,'''It's pretty traumatic knowing that your instrument that's your career isn't working, and you've got to have an operation.''' ,'''I've got quite a few inspirations - the list is kind of endless!''' ,'''My dad is from Nottingham - although I've only been there twice in my life, with one being when my friend was at university there. I've always found it a friendly place and has a good night life.''' ,'''I'm a good girl, and I have a very good Jewish family who brought me up very well.''' ,'''There's been a few things that have been insane with 'Rather Be', and being nominated for a Grammy is, like, the pinnacle one.''' ,'''I love rap, and I try to write a bit like a rapper, to have a flow.''' ,'''Singing is actually my favourite thing to do in the world - so when you don't consider yourself as talented at anything academically, and there is one thing you're good at, I think it's best to follow what you're good at.''' ,'''I've been this voice of a lot of upbeat dance tracks, but people don't really know me.''' ,'''My sound comes from my inspiration, which is people like Aretha and Jay Z and Kanye, as well as everyone from the Whitneys and Mariahs to Destiny's Child and Usher. They all inspired me growing up.''' ,'''If I'm feeling healthy - like, I've eaten well and have drank a lot of water and have clothes that feel good - I feel good.''' ,'''I've always been quite an eccentric character. I love going out and partying; I'm a very sociable creature.''' ,'''Feeling comfortable in my own skin makes me feel confident.''' ,'''I think people take a liking to a voice or something that makes them smile and feel good about themselves.''' ,'''I have a secret passion for horse riding. I haven't done it for ages, but I used to have a horse. I love it; it's one of my favourite things.''' ,'''I find it hard to write with writers sometimes because of their way of writing. Some are heavily focused on structure, but I have more of a 'Let's go with it' mindset. I like to be creative, and when I hear something that inspires me, I'll come up with a melody, a lyric to that melody, and take it from there. I try to keep it open.''' ,'''I think I've been quite lucky in that I haven't had to make too many changes to myself. Obviously, there have been adaptations and things that I've altered, but I haven't changed completely. I've stayed myself.''' ,'''You need to be different and stand out. You need to have a message. For me, it didn't come easily. The best advice I was ever given, though, is go away and write 100 songs. You need to find the music that's you.''' ,'''I think 'Rather Be' is an amazingly written pop song with incredible production.''' ,'''My style is unique and random. But I think it's important that it still makes sense.''' ,'''I like going to places that are so different than where I'm from.''' ,'''We all go through sad times, but I was brought up to be positive.''' ,'''When the world decides to stop being greedy... there will be a harvest for the world! Amen.''' ,]
+++