+++
author = "Hal Needham"
title = "Hal Needham Quotes"
quotes_len = "95"
description = "the best 95 Hal Needham Quotes"
keywords = "hal needham,hal needham quotes,hal needham quote,hal needham sayings,hal needham saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I went to an acting class for 3 years. But then I figured out that, since there were already 26,000 actors in SAG (Screen Actors Guild), I could make a better living as a stunt man.''' ,'''I thought, 'Wow. Look at all of the money I made. I think I will change jobs.' And that's how I decided to be a stuntman instead of a tree-topper.''' ,'''After the success of 'Smokey,' my profit participation only went up on future movies I directed.''' ,'''I have a country-boy sense of humor. I come from a poor family, and I have no education. But I am Middle America, and what makes me laugh is what makes them laugh.''' ,'''My ego would be fed tremendously when I'd go on a set and get in a car and tear it to pieces. I'd get out and everyone on the set would applaud.''' ,'''No actor does all his own stunts, no matter what he says.''' ,'''There's no more fun. All that digital stuff - we used to do that crap for real! I hate that stuff. Young kids who play video games seem to like it, but I don't.''' ,'''I'm the one that brought airbags into the stunt world.''' ,'''The song 'Eastbound and Down' by Jerry Reed is, of course, a personal favorite.''' ,'''A man can abuse his body a lot more than a woman can. And that's a fact.''' ,'''When I came in, Westerns were the big thing, so I did horse falls, transfers, bulldogs, big fights. That's where you could really shine if you were really good at it. But then all the Westerns stopped, and I was capable of doing car stunts, motorcycle stunts and high falls. I could do it all.''' ,'''You have to be an athlete. A sense of timing is vital. So is dedication. Being a stuntman calls for qualities usually associated with being a dancer.''' ,'''I'm not sure I have the knowledge, the intelligence or the sensitivity to direct a 'Love Story' or a 'Fiddler on the Roof.'''' ,'''Some stuntmen become actors, but Hollywood is a caste-oriented society. Most of the time you just don't have the opportunity to get out of your field if you're a grip, an electrician, stuntman, set designer, director or actor.''' ,'''I was always pushing the limits, going as far as I could. I would do all kinds of crazy things.''' ,'''I'd say most stuntmen are injured working with horses. They have a one-celled brain and change their minds right in the middle of a stunt no matter how many times they do it right in rehearsal.''' ,'''If a producer has 5 million bucks tied up in a picture, he's not about to let a guy like Burt Reynolds wreck a car when he can get a dummy like me to do it. But some stars would make good stuntmen. Reynolds is one of them. Bob Fuller and Doug McClure are strong, tough guys with plenty of courage, too.''' ,'''When 'Smokey' was released and became a blockbuster, Trans Am sales went through the roof. If you wanted a black Trans Am, you had to wait a minimum of six months. By the time we were ready to shoot 'Smokey II,' I was on a first-name basis with Pontiac.''' ,'''When people say Evel's a stuntmen I want to throw up. He's nothing but a daredevil idiot. The only reason he's famous is because he wrecks his motorcycle every time he rides.''' ,'''Audiences want Burt, John Wayne and others to go on doing the same thing forever. It's critics and the actors themselves who want actors to try different things.''' ,'''I was a sharecropper's son. That's as low as you can get on the totem pole.''' ,'''I was damn sure that I was not going to be a lawyer or a brain surgeon.''' ,'''We try to reduce the danger to a minimum, of course. And then we prepare for accidents with alternate plans. For instance, if I'm turning over a stagecoach, I try to take into consideration what moves I have to make if it flips in the wrong direction. Without those emergency plans you get hurt.''' ,'''I'd always been a good athlete and I liked getting paid what they paid you for stunts. In those days, they paid you per stunt so I'd try to do as many as I could.''' ,'''Stunts have to be meticulously arranged. Choreographed. You could take a fight scene and set it to music.''' ,'''Certainly, I want to be the first through the sound barrier in a car.''' ,'''It's true I don't play by the rules all the time.''' ,'''I could jump out of this window feet first, which would be the safe way. But the way I'd do it would be to use a ramp, get a running start, dive through head first and maybe throw in a little roll at the end. Doing it that way makes it more spectacular.''' ,'''It's the little added bonus of realism that makes the difference between an adequately done stunt and a really convincing one.''' ,'''I don't cry unless it's personal.''' ,'''I was the highest-paid stuntman in the world.''' ,'''Here's the thing that I think really pushed me, was my versatility. Because when I came in to the movie business, all the stunt men were specialists. If you did horse work, that's all you did. If you did cars and motorcycles, you did that. But when I came in, I taught myself how to do everything.''' ,'''I never had a burning desire to direct. But Burt and I, on many pictures together, used to watch other directors and we realized that he or I could do a lot better.''' ,'''Coaching a football player is the same as directing an actor. The guy has to follow orders and be able to perform skillfully.''' ,'''The worst was practicing a stunt for John Wayne in 'McQ.' I lost two teeth, broke six ribs, cracked a vertebra and punctured a lung. I spent 12 days in the hospital.''' ,'''I love horses, and when the SPCA tells me off I get real mad because I know more about horses than they do. They say you can't rear a horse up backwards, but I do it so they fall into foam rubber and don't get hurt at all.''' ,'''I loved acting and wanted to be a leading man. But I decided I'd rather be a big fish in the stuntman pond than a little acting fish. I guess I must have made the right decision.''' ,'''As far as I know, there is only one other director who was a stuntman - guy named Chuck Bail who directed 'Gumball Rally.' Doing stunts isn't exactly a common path to directing.''' ,'''All stunt men and women are as competitive as I am. They're just not as talented.''' ,'''The first movie I worked was called 'The Spirit of St. Louis.' It was the story of Charles Lindberg's life.''' ,'''I'm not a big fan of CGI. When I look at it, I go: 'Wait a minute. That's not possible.' And I think other people see the same thing. The movies I worked on, we did stunts for real. And I think it shows.''' ,'''Out in Hollywood I'm getting to be regarded as the 'redneck adviser.'''' ,'''Hell, if I didn't do stunts, I'd have had to be a bartender, or something else that didn't pay well.''' ,'''Courage? Well, that's a difficult quality to define. If a man has never known fear can you call him courageous?''' ,'''I'm too old and too rich to do any more stunts.''' ,'''For 'Death Car' I had three vehicles for the leading lady, because you never know when something is going to go wrong. You can blow a tire or start spinning around and hit a lamppost.''' ,'''The critics gave me bad reviews on every movie I made.''' ,'''Can I tell you what I really believe is the reason everybody wants to work with us? I believe they sign on because they're almost assured that it's going to be a very commercial film. A Burt Reynolds film is a guarantee of exposure... And also, we have a lot of fun.''' ,'''I know one thing; I'll never win an Academy Award.''' ,'''Guys like O.J. Simpson and Tony Dorsett can take the ball and run through the line, but I defy them to follow me over a 70-foot cliff or let a horse drag them a few hundred feet. Nobody can beat a stunt man for overall athletic ability.''' ,''''Death Car' was shot on a freeway that's under construction. It's called 'Chips' Freeway' because it's where they shoot the NBC series. We bring out our own traffic, too. This is true in all such scenes, even the car chase in 'The French Connection.' You have to work in a controlled situation, otherwise there would be numerous lawsuits.''' ,'''My first job was as a treetopper, and I was so damn good at it they called me 'Squirrel.' And then I joined the military and became a paratrooper. And later on in life I raced motorcycles and cars.''' ,'''I know it looks like Burt walks through his movies, but he doesn't; he works hard to make it look that way, and the work is tough.''' ,'''I hope to be remembered for mentoring the future generation of stuntmen and fighting for the rights and respect that stuntmen and stuntwomen deserve for their contribution to the world of moviemaking.''' ,'''I don't even consider directing Burt. I just say, 'Hey, Burt, the camera's here. Read the joke and let's get onto the next shot.'''' ,'''I hate sequels.''' ,'''It was bad for a stuntman to have a reputation for being hurt, and worse yet to report it.''' ,''''Megaforce' is a privately financed army of freedom fighters financed and manned by all the free countries of the world. We don't say the force is American-based, but it's obvious because they are driving Fords, encountering rattlesnakes and they ride a Continental Airlines plane. Also the landscape looks like the American desert.''' ,'''When the 55 mph speed limit came in and the oil crisis caused fuel rationing, the truckers began to look like the last American cowboys.''' ,'''No, Hal Needham without Burt Reynolds has not done well. 'Megaforce' went right in the toilet.''' ,'''You've gotta be careful. People don't want to be reminded of Vietnam and Korea. We lost thousands of fine young men and didn't win either of those wars. Nobody wants to hear about them. 'Apocalypse Now' and 'The Deerhunter' weren't box-office hits.There was too much violence and blood and gore.''' ,'''Trying to get it together with me as a director was impossible. No one wanted to work with me.''' ,'''I have to understand what I'm doing, and action is so simple and easy for me that I'd be foolish to try something different.''' ,'''I know what people like, and fortunately they seem to share my sense of humor.''' ,'''I just knew it would get a big laugh when people saw the 'Flying Nun' throwing the bird to a highway patrolman.''' ,'''Of course when you toss a stick of dynamite at a cartoon character, he can come back to life again in the next frame. Getting the same effect with actors is going to be a lot tougher.''' ,'''The $25,000 stunt was a demonstration of the automobile air bag system for an Allstate Insurance television commercial. I drove a car into a concrete obstacle at 25 m.p.h.''' ,'''The night before we began shooting 'Hooper,' I threw a $7,000 bash for the whole crew. I told them, 'Get as drunk as you want tonight, because for the next month and a half you're going to be working your tails off.' And it worked.''' ,'''I worked every day. I never turned down a stunt.''' ,'''There ain't a director in town who knows action better than I do. That's not just braggadocio on my part. I've been in the business for 25 years, and I ought to know it by now.''' ,'''I can go back and fall on my head any time.''' ,'''You can only fall so far through a tree before the limbs become abrasive to your body.''' ,'''Out of a year, a half-dozen stunts are pretty tough. The rest are kinda routine. To go out and slide cars around and lay a motorcycle down hell, you do that without even thinking. But on the tough things, you put an awful lot of planning into it.''' ,'''I was doing stunts for money, not for fame.''' ,'''I've wrecked a lot of good cars in my day.''' ,'''I've broken fifty-six bones, broke my back twice, punctured a lung and knocked out a few teeth.''' ,'''While prepping 'Smokey,' I saw a picture in a magazine of a Pontiac Trans Am that gave me a product placement idea. I could picture Burt Reynolds behind the wheel with Jackie Gleason on the chase. I called Pontiac and asked if they would like to have the car in the movie.''' ,'''I worked as a stuntman on the 'Star Trek' TV series pilot.''' ,'''You work a lot when you're hurt when you're a good stuntman, because you're going to be hurt quite a bit. And you can't let a sore leg or a bruise or something stop you, so you just take a Percodan and go to work.''' ,'''Is there fear? No, there isn't. Now, I've made mistakes. I've broken 56 bones in my body, and each one was a mistake. But when we do stunts, there's just no room for fear.''' ,'''There's a difference between action and violence. Violence isn't fun.''' ,'''If you read books forever and ever, they will never replace what really counts - that's practical experience.''' ,'''I've got more money than I know what to do with.''' ,'''I've done stunts when I was hurting so bad I couldn't hardly breathe and yet I would go ahead and do it.''' ,'''There's a standard pay scale for stunts. The more difficult the stunt, the more money involved. But if I'm the only stuntman who can do a particular gag, there's usually a little more in it for me.''' ,'''I didn't want to limit my income so I decided to master all aspects of stunting.''' ,'''I never saw a movie until I was 10.''' ,'''I don't want to sound like I'm bragging, but I know I'm the best stuntman in Hollywood.''' ,'''They started saying stuff like 'Should we cut the movie? Is it too this, too that?' It got drastic. It got heated. I said, 'Wait a minute, folks. I didn't make 'Smokey' for big-city audiences. I made it for the South, the Midwest and Northwest. Those are my people.'''' ,'''There's no such thing as a great stunt if there's no danger involved.''' ,'''I was usually asked to do less than I was capable of by directors who had lost control of their movie.''' ,'''I have never agreed that stuntmen should have an award. Never.''' ,'''Anyone who thinks stuntmen are crazy is dead wrong. These guys are calculating. They rig things, they think about different ways of doing it... they're not afraid.''' ,'''Stuntmen bring a lot to the film industry, especially in action films, but if you start trying to give an Oscar for a stuntman, say he doubled a star, I think that takes away from the star's value.''' ,'''I don't think I've had a better friend than Burt Reynolds. I could ask him for almost anything, and he would have said O.K.''' ,]
+++