+++
author = "Charlaine Harris"
title = "Charlaine Harris Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Charlaine Harris Quotes"
keywords = "charlaine harris,charlaine harris quotes,charlaine harris quote,charlaine harris sayings,charlaine harris saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I freely admit I know nothing about television or writing for the screen.''' ,'''Very few of my characters are totally heroic or totally villainous.''' ,'''Gay rights is just one of the social issues I'm interested in. I think that people might be less tense about it if we would all accept the fact that not everyone is wired the same way.''' ,'''Silver, gold - I don't discriminate! I like sparkly things.''' ,'''If it pleases you and you can write at all, it's gonna please somebody else.''' ,'''America is obsessed with youth. We all want to look young forever, and vampires do. They are caught in their prime, if that's when they've been turned. And they'll be that way forever.''' ,'''I'm looking forward to coming to SleuthFest I've heard so many good things about it from my writer friends. I'm looking forward to seeing my buddies and talking to readers who want to know about the way I work.''' ,'''I'm a middle-class former housewife who goes to my daughter's softball games.''' ,'''I've often wished when I started a book I knew what was going to happen. I talked to writers who write 80-page outlines, and I'm just in awe of that.''' ,'''Well, you know, writers just suck up new experiences - we're just like the vacuum cleaners of newness.''' ,'''No, I won't ever write another 'Lily Bard.' I said everything I had to say about Lily.''' ,'''The Sookie Stackhouse novels were selling well before the TV show, but the TV show led to a lot more exposure and readers. And a lot went on to read my other work. It was a wonderful thing for my bank account.''' ,'''Yes, I'm happy with Alan Ball's production of my novels.''' ,'''I've written a lot of books now; I've been published for over 30 years. I hope with every book I learn something new, and with every new novel I try to improve the process of writing.''' ,'''Episcopalians are pretty thin on the ground in the central United States.''' ,'''For any writers at all, read everything you can and then put your butt in the chair and write. That's all there is to it.''' ,'''I believe if you write a great book, the chances are it'll get a great reception.''' ,'''I like sparkly things.''' ,'''People are really interested in the concept of eternal youth in this plastic-surgery culture.''' ,'''Most of the books that feature supernatural characters blending with the modern world and are usually set in big cities.''' ,'''I don't write the kind of 'happily ever after' that romance readers enjoy.''' ,'''If I quit having fun, then it's time for me to quit working.''' ,'''I like the cerebral process.''' ,'''I try very hard to write the best book I possibly can, every time.''' ,'''I certainly think we're going to see more and more graphic novels and more illustrated novels.''' ,]
+++