+++
author = "Park Yeon-Mi"
title = "Park Yeon-Mi Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Park Yeon-Mi Quotes"
keywords = "park yeon-mi,park yeon-mi quotes,park yeon-mi quote,park yeon-mi sayings,park yeon-mi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was determined that I was going to have a successful and normal life.''' ,'''Family are everything; everyone understands the strength of family. For me, they were the reason that I managed to get by while I was in captivity and now they are the reason to live in freedom.''' ,'''I'll live longer than Kim Jong-un - he's fatter than me. He doesn't like me.''' ,'''I'm extremely grateful I was born in North Korea. If that didn't happen, there's no way I could understand other people's pain.''' ,'''I have a dream to have a normal life, someday have a child, get older. But it is hard, it's a big commitment.''' ,'''My mum was sold for $65 and I was sold for $260 - at the age of 13.''' ,'''For a long time, I lost faith in humanity, especially men.''' ,'''I heard about desert, but I never seen them with my eyes. I just couldn't believe there was nothing, except sand and except the stars in the sky.''' ,'''I couldn't imagine that I'd ever see men as normal people and I could never trust them. I couldn't bear any human connection with men.''' ,'''My father died without knowing even this kind of democracy exists in the world. He didn't even know this much food was available in the world.''' ,'''I have visited slums in Mumbai, I have visited slums in other countries, but nothing is like North Korea because North Korean starvation, it's a systematic starvation by a country that chose to starve us.''' ,'''Kim Jong-un and the regime don't just oppress - they play with human lives.''' ,'''Kim Il Sung prepared Kim Jong Il for decades to be his successor and made it very clear from the beginning, 'This is my son and he's going to lead the country' and that took more than 10 years - almost 20 years.''' ,'''When I was invited to return to the 2015 One Young World summit in Bangkok, I knew that I had to make it back. One Young World had given me a platform, and for me it was vitally important for new delegates to hear about North Korea.''' ,'''I thought America was different, but I saw so many similarities to what I saw in North Korea that I started worrying.''' ,'''North Korea publicly denounced me as an enemy of my people and punished all my relatives. They have this guilty by association policy and they go after three generations of your family or up to eight generations of your family.''' ,'''What you need to know about North Korea is that it's not like other countries like Iran or Cuba. In those countries, you have some kind of understanding that they are abnormal, they are isolated and the people are not safe. But North Korea has been so completely purged from the rest of the world, it's literally a Hermit Kingdom.''' ,'''I crossed the Gobi desert to be free and now I thought I live in a country where I can say what I believe and have my freedom to think. However, now I have to constantly censor my speech because in the name off a 'safe place.'''' ,'''In North Korea, it was actually an oppressive regime and that's why I escaped with my life.''' ,'''I don't think I will ever understand what freedom means, but I am enjoying learning.''' ,'''There is a holocaust going on in my country, the world needs to acknowledge that and do something to help the people of North Korea.''' ,'''If I could've had the things that Americans throw away, I never would've escaped North Korea. That's how much we were desperate.''' ,'''We don't have friends in North Korea. We only have comrades. There's no concept of friends.''' ,'''I think my father would have become a millionaire if he had grown up in South Korea or the United States... Almost anywhere else, business would have been my father's vocation. But in North Korea, it was simply a means to survive.''' ,'''I did everything I can to be free and escaped.''' ,'''English is my third language.''' ,'''There's nothing I did wrong. I was just born in North Korea, and that was my crime.''' ,'''South Koreans often don't think of North Korean defectors as Korean. While we have been granted citizenship, the locals don't consider us as South Korean citizens. We are often treated differently and viewed differently, even by people who care for us the most.''' ,'''My detective just told me, 'Seriously, you are in danger and you have to change all your information.' But I said no because my name, Park Yeon-mi, is my legacy from my father, that's the only one he just left me. I'm very proud of my name so that's why if I die I'm ok.''' ,'''When I saw my father's death it was not human, he was less better than an animal and I didn't want the end of my life to be like that.''' ,'''Why would North Korea people care if they have nukes or not? All they want is food. They want freedom.''' ,'''I don't think anyone should have power over me, or have the right to tell me what to say or how to think. That's not right. I want to be free.''' ,'''Before Kim Jong Il died, it wasn't like one day Kim Jong Un took over. Kim Jong Il made sure his son was known to the North Korean people and it was clear that he was the next heir. He prepared him for at least three years beforehand.''' ,'''I never asked to be a spokesperson or public figure. It just happened.''' ,'''North Korea was pretty insane. Like the first thing my mom taught me was don't even whisper, the birds and mice could hear me. She told me the most dangerous thing that I had in my body was my tongue.''' ,'''In North Korea, when there is an alarm, it means that there is a war drill. It means that you need to run.''' ,'''I wanted to show North Korean people that they have hope, and they can be free someday, like myself.''' ,'''I was living in the border area with China, in Hyesan City. But after my father was imprisoned for informal trading, I escaped to China.''' ,'''I didn't know who Bob Geldof or Richard Branson were and I thought Dublin was part of England.''' ,'''I had to look for food all the time. I had to catch dragonflies, grasshoppers, and that was the only source of protein for me.''' ,'''I am an ambitious person. In the West, being ambitious isn't a bad thing. You work hard and you have a purpose in life. But in North Korea, you can never be individualistic. You can never live for yourself. You have to live for the regime.''' ,'''All the foreign movies we saw about love affected me and my generation. Now we no longer want to die for the regime, we want to die for love.''' ,'''My concern is: How on earth is anything more urgent than the lives of people in North Korean concentration camps?''' ,'''I was born at the end of the 1993. The regime stopped giving food to the people. Three million people died from 1995 to 1998. It's one of the world's worst man-made famines in history.''' ,'''I can't say if I enjoy the attention or not. It's really exhausting. But every speech and every interview is extremely important to me because it could be my last one.''' ,'''North Korea is an unimaginable country. We aren't free to sing, say, wear or think what we want.''' ,'''I thought, if I go to China, I might find food to eat. The only reason to escape was to find a bowl of rice. And I was trafficked and sold in China.''' ,'''North Korea cannot change because its people don't realize that there is an alternative to their suffering.''' ,'''We can agree that Kim Yo Jong is not taking over North Korea and I don't think that is in her interest.''' ,'''I know what it means to be a slave, both physically and emotionally.''' ,'''If there is no word that means you don't have the concept. In North Korea they eliminate the words: depression, stress, dictatorship, human rights. You cannot think of those. That's why all the brainwashing was possible.''' ,'''Freedom meant for me to wear earrings, not freedom of speech.''' ,'''I really had loving parents, and my father was the example of perseverance... he never gave up, and he taught me it's so easy to give up, but to fight is harder.''' ,'''I didn't know what freedom was. I didn't even know the word. I didn't know the concept. I never heard of that word, 'freedom.' To me, the happiest thing was having food.''' ,'''In North Korea I thought a frozen potato was the fanciest food in the world.''' ,'''I literally crossed through the middle of the Gobi Desert to be free. But what I did was nothing, so many people fought harder than me and didn't make it.''' ,'''I do want to go home. That's my dream. North Korea is still my home.''' ,'''North Korea spends billions of dollars to make this nuke test system. If they would spend just 20 percent of what they spent on making nuclear weapons, nobody would have to die in North Korea from hunger but the regime chose to make us hungry.''' ,'''I never heard my father telling my mother that he loved her. And my mother never told me she loved me, either.''' ,'''The oppression is like nothing imaginable - I literally believed that Kim Jong-il could read my mind.''' ,'''In North Korean culture, love is a shameful thing and nobody talked about it in public. The regime was not interested in human desires and love stories were banned.''' ,'''I didn't know it was even possible to sell humans. I thought people can only sell animals, chickens. But I didn't even know that kind of concept - human traffic - can be exist in the world. So I just couldn't process it when I heard it.''' ,'''North Korea is a religion. We are told that Kim is a god and that he knows what you are thinking and how many hairs are on your head. It is the only country which talks about 'thought crime' - even thinking is a crime.''' ,'''People would ask me about my hobbies and what I liked. I had never been asked those questions because what I thought didn't matter. I didn't know what a hobby was. In North Korea we used 'we,' and to say - 'I like this,' - was the worst thing you could say.''' ,'''I came to South Korea with a feeling of deep kinship, but people here perceive me only as a talbukja, someone of a different nationality.''' ,'''Because I have seen oppression, I know what it looks like.''' ,'''That is what is happening in America. People see things, but still they've just completely lost the ability to think critically.''' ,'''There were stereotypes: you are from the communist country so you are not a hard worker. You talk awkwardly and speak with an accent and you don't have any high education like us so you are basically stupid. And I am shorter than South Koreans - I was malnourished when I was young. It made me believe I was a loser.''' ,'''I know the truth of North Korea. The oppression and their tragedy. It cannot be silenced.''' ,'''I just never learned to think critically.''' ,'''If I keep silent, I am betraying my people.''' ,'''I was able to see the lights coming from China. If maybe I could go where the lights are I could find something to eat, that's why I escaped.''' ,'''I mean I could not trust men again. I hated men. I hated humanity. How on earth can people sell each other?''' ,'''In restaurants, when people order food - and they have menus - I hate that. Just give me something to eat. Quantity matters, not quality.''' ,'''North Korea is a very Confucius country. We respect the elders, the hierarchy. It's not like America where anyone can step up and do things, we have our tradition.''' ,'''The year 2015 brought me so many further chances to spread the word about human rights violations in North Korea, from addressing the United Nations to publishing my autobiography.''' ,'''Risking your life is not an easy thing to do.''' ,'''In North Korea, people who are actually oppressed don't even know they're oppressed.''' ,'''Reading 'Animal Farm' set me free from the dictatorship in my head. I could see all the tactics used by the regime to control us - they were all in that book.''' ,'''I didn't know people can be good. I didn't know people are designed to be good and help one another.''' ,'''I surrendered all my privacy to write this book. It was so hard and so painful. I went through so much crazy stuff. But I wanted people to realize that North Koreans are just like them.''' ,'''Everything in North Korea was about the leader, all the books, music and TV.''' ,'''They said if you are in China you have to be sold, you have to get married. And something that still saddens me is that I actually didn't care, I was so hungry.''' ,'''Back in 2014, at the One Young World Summit in Dublin, I shared my story of my escape from North Korea to China in 2007. I had no idea what was coming or what to expect.''' ,'''I never used a translator, never thought that the journalists might not understand.''' ,'''The North Korean government are out to get me.''' ,'''The media's censorship is unthinkable... If we don't stop, we are going to end up like North Koreans.''' ,'''In North Korea I literally believed that my Dear Leader was starving. He's the fattest guy - how can anyone believe that?''' ,'''Nothing is forever, and I believe that North Korea will change in my lifetime.''' ,'''My favorite movies were 'Titanic,' 'James Bond' and 'Pretty Woman' - people smuggled in pirate copies from China.''' ,'''Most North Korean people have never seen a map of the world. They don't even know that the Internet exists. They don't even have electricity.''' ,'''I was a slave. I was sold in China in 2007 as a child at 13 years old.''' ,'''When I was in South Korea, the books that I read about Americans were actually Oprah Winfrey and Michelle Obama. If this country actually oppresses people and enslaves the people, how are those two women billionaires?''' ,'''I do think sometimes, I wonder is it true that every life is equal in this world? Do we care about North Korean lives?''' ,'''I wasn't dreaming of freedom when I escaped from North Korea... I was willing to risk my life for the promise of a bowl of rice.''' ,'''I thought North Koreans were the only people who hated Americans, but turns out there are a lot of people hating this country in this country.''' ,'''I had to be very unrealistic about my situation. If I was so realistic I would never have made it this far. So, you just sometimes have to be hopeful for no reason.''' ,'''I learnt about the universe. I learnt about human rights and human dignity - this was so new to me.''' ,'''Going to Columbia, the first thing I learned was 'safe space.' Every problem, they explained us, is because of white men.''' ,'''I thought Kim Jong Il was a god who could read my mind. I thought his spirit never dies, and I never thought he was a normal human being.''' ,]
+++