+++
author = "Koel Mallick"
title = "Koel Mallick Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Koel Mallick Quotes"
keywords = "koel mallick,koel mallick quotes,koel mallick quote,koel mallick sayings,koel mallick saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''After going through a really tight schedule and sharing some great moments with a team, the last day shoot always turns out to an emotional experience.''' ,'''I started young in my profession, in my second year of college. I had to make a career choice. College life is the best time when you can hang around and do all kinds of crazy stuff. Everything clicked so well that the films started coming in bunches.''' ,'''Now I know what it feels to be a working mother - it's a mixed feeling. A part of me wants to face the camera, the other wants to stay with my son. But I am sure when the camera rolls, I'll forget everything else.''' ,'''I feel, it is essential to see oneself on-screen so as to be a better judge of one's performance.''' ,'''God has given everyone different palettes. I don't need to see what colours others have.''' ,'''There is a space for all sorts of films because the audience wants to watch all kinds of films at the end of the day.''' ,'''I get butterflies in my stomach. I'm so nervous that I can't bring myself to visit a theatre to catch the first show. But I do attend the closed door screening of the film, usually held a day ahead of its release.''' ,'''Whenever you scream there is a lot of mixed feelings of excitement and fear. In fear when you scream, psychologically, you feel relieved.''' ,'''I like exercise that makes you stronger from within. Exercise is not just about looking good from the outside.''' ,'''Yoga is highly relaxing and beneficial in the long run.''' ,'''Honestly, I've always been a very positive person and I maintained that even when my family tested COVID positive or when I gave birth in the middle of a pandemic.''' ,'''With the pandemic crushing the world, I pray for everyone's health and well-being. I wish the world heals fast. Every morning I wake up with the hope that a vaccine gets invented soon to combat Covid-19.''' ,'''Knowingly or unknowingly, every person has a particular role to play in their lives. When you are with your friends you are something else. When you are with your partner you are something else. When you are with your parents you are something else. So different sides of a personality come across.''' ,'''Life is a roller-coaster ride and come what may, one should embrace everything with a smile.''' ,'''Like every other mother in the world, my life too revolves around my child and his well-being. But I'm equally mindful of my responsibilities as a daughter, a wife and a daughter-in-law.''' ,'''Proper exercise and a balanced diet help you lose weight quickly.''' ,'''I have a problem with the present definition of commercial films. To me, 'Ghare and Baire' is an absolute mainstream film. There are also many films I have worked in that have been called art films by many. But I consider commercial.''' ,'''I pay heed to all the criticisms about me. Paying heed to them is a sure way of improving. It is a learning experience.''' ,'''My day starts with chants, prayers, yoga and meditation.''' ,'''You won't believe when I attend any wedding I also enjoy biryani or even first fry or chicken cutlet. But I balance it out in my next meals. That's how it works.''' ,'''As an actress, I would love to know the marks given to me by the audience. In the beginning, I used to take reviews very seriously. Then, most reviews had different things to say.''' ,'''Fact is, I won popularity with my first film itself. Since I got acclaim very early in my career, people weren't that critical of me.''' ,'''My criteria has always been the script, director and character. But I also attach importance to the production house. After all, the banner has to go all out to present the film in a grand manner. I am ready to work with any house that is capable of marketing and packaging a film well.''' ,'''I was studying psychology honours and was very happy in that zone. I had dreams of pursuing higher education. When the first film happened and another one after that, I was not sure about sticking around in this career. It was never my dream.''' ,'''Highway' teaches one basic lesson, One God creating so many human beings, but all different in complexities, layers and charactersiticis.''' ,'''Rane is a big help... he is a hands-on father, sometimes delightfully changing nappies.''' ,'''We act as romantics before the camera to make people understand there is actually no love once the freshness is gone in certain journey of life.''' ,'''I enjoy yoga a lot. Dhanurasana, Matsyasana and Pranayama are my favourite.''' ,'''Every film boils down to relationships. It is the way you look at things, at life and you bracket them.''' ,'''You know, exercise should always be fun otherwise you don't feel motivated enough to hit the gym regularly.''' ,'''Success has never gone to my head. Profession is important, no doubt, but it can't be of greater significance than your family. My priority is to be happy for as long as I live. Fame and money are after all, temporary.''' ,'''The most overwhelming factor was becoming a mother. The entire perspective of life changes overnight.''' ,'''I cannot take rest during the day, no matter how fatigued I am.''' ,'''I have had nightmares of not being able to finish my exam papers on time. Everyone is concentrating on their papers whereas I am not being able to write!''' ,'''When I get my script in hand, I make it a point to completely know my script well. It is something that comes automatically to me. That is my basic homework.''' ,'''As far as chemistry is concerned, the audience is the best judge. Professionally, I am supposed to look as convincing as possible opposite my hero.''' ,'''Life is tough, but mothers are tougher.''' ,'''When you are living a character, the emotional graph comes pretty organically.''' ,'''It's very important to know your body type before trying a particular exercise. It's also important to know why you are doing a certain kind of exercise. The technique should be correct.''' ,'''Thrillers excite me as an actor and I have always wanted to be a part of one.''' ,'''As an actor I want to explore myself and really want to break the stereotype. I want to go beyond my comfort zone.''' ,'''We took the craziest cruises across Europe. And I went on a jungle safari in Ranthambhore. We stayed in the Ranthambhore Palace. We had heard that one gets to spot the tiger in the early mornings and every moment I was getting those Discovery Channel glimpses in my mind!''' ,'''What to Expect When You're Expecting' was gifted to me by my best friend Antara, a new mom herself. The book helped me enormously.''' ,'''Despite being a woman, somehow I have always found myself idolising male characters.''' ,'''Nothing can beat a jogging or even a stroll at a nearby park. But the most important thing in staying fit is watch your diet.''' ,'''A director is the captain of the ship; he gets the vision of the film much before anyone else can. While I want to experiment with characters, I know a good director means I am in safe hands.''' ,'''Life experiences help in understanding the character. And many things come to your mind regarding the character sketch when you read the script as many times as possible.''' ,'''When a film engages a lot of family members, then automatically a sense of nostalgia works for them. That once upon a time they were a part of a joint family.''' ,'''It is very essential for people to spend time with themselves. It is also about understanding the importance of co-existence... where humans co-exist with the animals and all living elements. It is important for humans to understand that and not take life or the world for granted.''' ,'''I am basically very introvert and shy, but when in the presence of the audience, my celeb image requires me to reciprocate their affection.''' ,]
+++