+++
author = "Joy Taylor"
title = "Joy Taylor Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Joy Taylor Quotes"
keywords = "joy taylor,joy taylor quotes,joy taylor quote,joy taylor sayings,joy taylor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm well-versed on LeBron coming from Miami and his time there.''' ,'''I've had a difficult relationship with my hair my whole life.''' ,'''I'm very excited for the opportunity to work with Skip Bayless, the top opinionist in the business, and Shannon Sharpe, legendary NFL tight end and Hall of Famer. I love a good debate and look forward to sitting with these two and seeing what happens every day.''' ,'''The argument has never been whether Kaepernick is one of the top five quarterbacks in the NFL. He's not in the top 10 either. But when you consider the alternatives teams are considering, Kaepernick's omission begins to look ridiculous.''' ,'''Hosting Undisputed' has been an amazing experience and an exciting chapter in my career working with Skip and Shannon each weekday morning.''' ,'''The whole narrative of the 'Return to the Land' was completely PR spin. Fans ate it up because it painted LeBron as the hero coming back to save Cleveland from obscurity.''' ,'''Kaepernick chose to kneel during the most politically divisive time in recent history. The country was completely divided.''' ,'''I think it's so important to represent beautiful, natural, healthy Black hair on television and in media, so the young women who feel pressured to look a certain way can see they are beautiful and their hair doesn't have to look a certain way to be professional.''' ,'''I think that the NFL is better when Cam Newton is playing at his highest level.''' ,'''Everybody rips on Miami fans all of the time. We're a loving people. You know, we like to go out and we like to party and we like our sports and entertainment.''' ,'''I've done some moderating in the past at CBSSports.com. Certainly not in the debate format.''' ,'''I'm originally from Pittsburgh. So I come from an amazing sports town.''' ,'''A lot of people are calling for Roger Goodell to resign, but it's not our choice. And the fact of the matter is,he makes the NFL a ton of money. And that is the most important thing. We all know money is the bottom line.''' ,'''I've straightened my hair for many years. I've never felt comfortable wearing my hair natural on air.''' ,'''You have to carry yourself with respect, care about your reputation. And unfortunately, as a woman, you have to be smarter and better and you have no room for mistakes or error.''' ,'''If LeBron doesn't care about the regular season, why should fans? The answer: Russell Westbrook. Where LeBron and others are content to rest and save themselves for games they feel are more important, Westbrook has gone a different way.''' ,'''Despite having a lackluster completion percentage, Kaepernick managed to throw 16 touchdowns against four interceptions in 2016.''' ,'''Do you know how many teams have won three straight titles over the last 40 years? Two. Michael Jordan's Bulls twice in the 1990s and Kobe and Shaq's Lakers from 2000-02. LeBron would have joined that list had Miami won that third straight title.''' ,'''The only thing worse than domestic violence or abuse is being accused of it when you haven't done it.''' ,'''Saying Kaepernick is a distraction is based largely on opinion. You could say his decision to kneel for the national anthem was detrimental to the team. If that is so, I would hope you'd note that Kaepernick's teammates gave him the Len Eshmont Award at the end of the season.''' ,'''Miami fans have got a terrible reputation around the national media, and I think it's very unfair.''' ,'''Fans want to see their favorite players as invested in games as they are, regardless of the perceived importance.''' ,'''I used to get perms to straighten my hair and change the texture.''' ,]
+++