+++
author = "Calista Flockhart"
title = "Calista Flockhart Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Calista Flockhart Quotes"
keywords = "calista flockhart,calista flockhart quotes,calista flockhart quote,calista flockhart sayings,calista flockhart saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A lot of the tabloid stories are written so well, they're very clever and very funny. But you have to focus on what's really important and not read them - don't dive into it and don't get caught up in it.''' ,'''I like to hike with my dog, Webster. It helps clear my mind.''' ,'''And when I first came out from New York, I hadn't driven in a long time. Now I'm like Joe Speedster.''' ,'''I am definitely a dog person. I feel like Webster and I are very much alike.''' ,'''Actually, I take it as a compliment. Diva is a derivative of divine. That's quite a title to carry around.''' ,'''No, I am who I am. I'm not going to change for anybody.''' ,'''But it kills me, this fascination with celebrities' personal lives.''' ,'''I embrace everything about Ally... I don't particularly see her as a whiner. One week she's tough, the next she's really weak. I love that. She's human.''' ,'''The only real indulgence was buying a house. That was a pretty big step.''' ,'''I'm close with my parents. I have a lot of acquaintances, but my very good close friends are few I can count my very good friends on one hand. And that's how I like it to be.''' ,'''I've had a couple of long relationships. And I've had a couple of shorter relationships.''' ,'''What I say now is that the way the world underestimates me will be my greatest weapon. People pat me on the head, and I go to myself, oh, and aren't they going to be surprised.''' ,'''I've been doing a lot of hiking, which I love.''' ,'''Whenever you move, I think you lose your history.''' ,'''I think that the character that I'm playing now is so fundamentally different than Ally that I haven't I haven't felt like I had to worry about it at all. But I definitely wanted to make a different choice.''' ,'''So people think I'm lying about my age all the time? It's the records that are wrong. I've never told anyone how old I am. The minute they ask me, I say 'That's none of your business.' So that means I've never once lied about my age. Now that's true!''' ,'''I don't watch the show - only bits and pieces of all of them. The only one I sat through was the pilot.''' ,'''Well, I don't think I've ever consciously come up with tricks and tools to, kind of, hide. I do think I'm a bit more vigilant, in terms of safety issues and things. And sometimes it is kind of nice to try to hold onto your anonymity.''' ,'''But I don't like to, tell people how old I am. I like that to be a mystery.''' ,'''I do wish my breasts were bigger. Not big... but less small.''' ,'''It's so funny how my name has always been such a big deal. When I was growing up, my family was always moving. I had to meet new people all the time. And they'd laugh.''' ,'''Shows can come and go. They can be a hit and then in three years, gone. There's some comfort in having the stability of a job and having children. It's a double-edged sword.''' ,'''Sometimes when you play a character, you can feel it in your body. And I felt like I had characteristics of my dog: the way Webster moves, the way he holds his head. I kind of adapted it into this part unconsciously.''' ,'''Webster and I are very aloof. The two of us go and sit there by ourselves. I sit by myself in the corner with my book and the newspaper. He kind of runs around a little bit, and then he goes and sits on top of the picnic table. He never plays with other little dogs.''' ,]
+++