+++
author = "Nicky Oppenheimer"
title = "Nicky Oppenheimer Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Nicky Oppenheimer Quotes"
keywords = "nicky oppenheimer,nicky oppenheimer quotes,nicky oppenheimer quote,nicky oppenheimer sayings,nicky oppenheimer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It is only through developing and maximizing all its natural resources that a sustainable future for Africa and its people can be secured.''' ,'''The army taught me to sign my name very quickly, and that's stood me in good stead the rest of my life.''' ,'''One likes at the point of production to realize the maximum value, and diamond producers are no different.''' ,'''We all need to become more customer-focused and recognize the power of marketing to sell more diamonds.''' ,'''I was never a skilled artist or anything like that - never a rebel.''' ,'''The Kimberley Process is not a perfect construct, and it is necessary now to re-double efforts to address its remaining shortcomings and strengthen its provisions.''' ,'''Any father likes his son to take over from him if possible.''' ,'''Diamonds are a key component in the campaign to make poverty history.''' ,'''I am an African. I live there and my children live there, and as far as I understand, they intend to go on living there.''' ,'''One doesn't necessarily have a mission.''' ,'''May I suggest that people in many African countries could be suffering from donation fatigue?''' ,'''America is a country of entrepreneurship and great business leaders.''' ,'''It's much nicer to be known as Mr. Nice Guy than Mr. Nasty Guy. But you've got to have lines - and when you hit the line, that's the end of the story, nice guy or not.''' ,'''I don't think Africa gets as much credit as it should have on the world stage. People tend to think of us as coming from The Dark Continent, where nothing good goes on. That's not true. A huge amount of, as I say, entrepreneurship goes on.''' ,'''Diamonds are intrinsically worthless, except for the deep psychological need they fill.''' ,'''The diamond business has always been secretive.''' ,'''Businesses need certainty, to see clearly the rules of engagement for investing in South Africa.''' ,'''We're seeing diamonds coming back into favor.''' ,'''I am one of the affluent rich living the good life. But I like to think that I am doing my bit to resolve the problems of Africa and am certainly committed to Africa in the long run.''' ,'''You can get a diamond which is worth 10 cents; you can get a diamond of exactly the same size, which is worth a hundred dollars.''' ,]
+++