+++
author = "Paul Sinha"
title = "Paul Sinha Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Paul Sinha Quotes"
keywords = "paul sinha,paul sinha quotes,paul sinha quote,paul sinha sayings,paul sinha saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The 'Red Hand Gang' was a special favourite of mine. It was an American show about a bunch of kids who solved crimes.''' ,'''Ive got Parkinsons disease, I am always going to have Parkinsons disease unless they find a miracle cure, Ive got to deal with this the best I can.''' ,'''Whenever I am tempted to get stressed out about the spotlight, I remind myself that one day I will be long forgotten, and that I will miss it.''' ,'''I quiz all year. 'The Chase' is just a medium sized part of my quiz life.''' ,'''Ive always been one of those comics who doesnt say much on panel shows because Im terrified of saying the wrong thing or offending the wrong person.''' ,'''The exit from medicine happened steadily, rather than suddenly.''' ,'''Im aware that sometimes if youre trying to be somebody else, you end up saying words that just dont sound like your voice. And for better or worse, I want to be Paul Sinha, I dont want to be Bradley Walsh. Bradley Walsh is the king of what he does because hes Bradley Walsh.''' ,'''I have never successfully made an omelette.''' ,'''No other show was as absurd as 'Crackerjack'. It had Stu Francis, who was the first person I saw on TV telling jokes for kids, and then there were the Krankies, who were a comedy duo with a middle-aged woman dressed as a schoolboy doing sketches.''' ,'''I do know that when I stop answering questions at speed, 'The Chase' wont fire me, Ill say, Its been a lovely journey, youve treated me very well, see you later.''' ,'''When youre on telly, youre defined by what you do on telly.''' ,'''One of the perils of being a Z list celebrity is Twitter. Its brutal.''' ,'''Mark Labbett, maths genius as he undoubtedly is, has every statistic imaginable. There is a reason for that. All the stats make him look like a legend.''' ,'''Ive been given work opportunities that many people would kill for quite frankly so you have to look at life in that perspective and just get on with it and enjoy.''' ,'''People underestimate the degree to which only having three or four channels changes your outlook on television; it makes everything much more memorable because there are so few other options.''' ,'''In 2009/2010, I think having been in serious quizzing for a year and a half, I came 31st in the World Quizzing Championships, and that sort of progress is very, very rare indeed.''' ,'''I was limping through the streets of Auckland. I had a fall at three in the morning. I knew in my heart of hearts, being a trained doctor, that I had one of the big three: Parkinsons, motor neurone disease or multiple sclerosis. And I knew Parkinsons was the likely one.''' ,'''I always enjoyed things that made me laugh. My dad introduced me to 'Fawlty Towers' and I loved 'Crackerjack' - that was my childhood encapsulated.''' ,'''I get football facts thrown at me by taxi drivers.''' ,'''I get recognised by complete strangers in pubs, misrecognised by them and I dont have to work every weekend of my life anymore which is nice.''' ,'''If youve bought a ticket to see me perform, youre heroes in my book. Youre better than the people who didnt buy tickets.''' ,'''Stand up comedy is an odd way to make a living, one that is regularly tinged with both triumph and despair.''' ,]
+++