+++
author = "Alberto Fernandez"
title = "Alberto Fernandez Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Alberto Fernandez Quotes"
keywords = "alberto fernandez,alberto fernandez quotes,alberto fernandez quote,alberto fernandez sayings,alberto fernandez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's very hard to describe an elected government as a dictatorship.''' ,'''It makes no sense to have oil if to get it out you have to let the multinationals come and take it.''' ,'''I am an activist for putting an end to the criminalisation of abortion.''' ,'''The country is indebted, cloaked by an instability that discards the possibility of development and leaves it hostage to foreign financial markets.''' ,'''But the truth is Brazil is much more important than Bolsonaro.''' ,'''If I do my job right, companies will want to keep their money in Argentina.''' ,'''If I finish my term and have inflation down to a single digit, I will be very happy. That's four years of hard work.''' ,'''I will do everything necessary to ensure we can export because that way Argentina will produce dollars.''' ,'''I've already lived through a default and it's very hurtful for society. No one could want a default as a solution.''' ,'''The government has returned to the hands of the people.''' ,'''There's no possibility that Argentina will fall into default if I'm president.''' ,'''Bolsonaro must relax, I do not plan to shut down the economy. It's silly.''' ,'''We will pay the debts by growing and exporting... The only way is to export. The other channel has been exhausted, which is to borrow.''' ,'''I don't want to be Wall Street's candidate. I want to be Argentines' candidate.''' ,'''No one wants a default, or to slam the door in the IMF's face.''' ,'''Companies pay taxes, not individual persons. They do not pay for their wealth. And that must be changed.''' ,'''Macri lost $100 billion. Argentina needs dollars to come back in.''' ,'''Argentines must know that any commitment I made is an ethical commitment. We are going to build a solidarity and egalitarian Argentina that everybody dreams.''' ,'''Macri didn't understand anything. It wasn't a bad election, it was a terrible government.''' ,'''We are not socialists, we are Peronists. We are pragmatic.''' ,'''Macri only wooed hot money, carry traders and speculators. He is the only responsible person for the hardship Argentina is going through.''' ,'''We're going to stop paying the interest on Leliqs that Argentines are paying for every day.''' ,'''We prefer an orderly resolution to the debt crisis and we're moving in that direction. But the most important thing is that the deal we reach with creditors is sustainable.''' ,'''Stop trusting neo-liberal theories, and realize what happens when neo-liberals take over.''' ,'''There are no debt payments that can be sustained if the country does not grow.''' ,'''Argentina should grow with a project of its own and implemented by Argentines, not dictated by foreigners with old recipes that always fail.''' ,'''Poverty has become a big problem.''' ,'''We are going to be the Argentina we deserve to be.''' ,'''A state should protect citizens in general and women in particular. And in the 21st Century, every society needs to respect the individual choice of its members to decide freely about their bodies.''' ,'''I believe in individual freedoms and I believe that the state must be present when the markets demand it.''' ,'''I have pride in my son, how can I not be proud?''' ,'''Mr. Macri's government caused damage similar to what Argentina suffered in 2001: a debt default, no foreign-currency reserves, a steep devaluation and increased poverty.''' ,'''Capitalism can't exist without demand.''' ,'''Without bread, there is no present or future. Without bread, life only suffers.''' ,'''We have to heal so many open wounds in our homeland.''' ,'''Combining my love for charity and my love for exercise is a happy medium.''' ,'''Argentina is in a virtual, hidden default.''' ,'''I come before you to call for unity from all Argentina, to build a new social contract of brotherhood and solidarity. I come before you calling for all to put Argentina on its feet, to put the country on a path toward development and social justice.''' ,'''I am not against oil multinationals. What I am saying is that you end up going to them when you are not able to develop your own technology to extract oil.''' ,'''When you affect consumption, production falls, and when production falls, employment falls and when unemployment rises, it affects poverty.''' ,'''I am a Peronist. I am growing the branches of progressive Peronist liberalism.''' ,'''Nobody believes Macri can pay back the debt.''' ,]
+++