+++
author = "Peter M. Brant"
title = "Peter M. Brant Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Peter M. Brant Quotes"
keywords = "peter m. brant,peter m. brant quotes,peter m. brant quote,peter m. brant sayings,peter m. brant saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To understand Occupy Wall Street, you have to understand artists. Art is freedom - freedom of expression - and its message has resonated through society for centuries.''' ,'''Art needs to be socialised, and you need a lot of context to understand that, and that doesn't mean having read a few art history books.''' ,'''If you have a vision and you are trying to accomplish something, you have to be competitive, or things are going to slip by you.''' ,'''Art and science have so much in common - the process of trial and error, finding something new and innovative, and to experiment and succeed in a breakthrough.''' ,'''My whole life I've hated to lose, no doubt about it. I've been guilty of that since I was 6 years old, at camp. I have always played to win. That's who I am. But I never hurt anybody. The problem is when you're perceived as being too aggressive where you hurt somebody or do something improper.''' ,'''There are people who say, 'Oh, he's a crook.' But I'm not a crook.''' ,'''Great artists are like loaded guns. They are dangerous in anybody's hands.''' ,'''I think one's character on the athletic field does not have to have anything to do with the way they are in real life.''' ,'''I identify with the 99 per cent.''' ,'''I'm putting my consciousness towards trying to teach people through pictures and sculptures that there's something better in the world. That's what the world needs more of.''' ,]
+++