+++
author = "Elizabeth Taylor"
title = "Elizabeth Taylor Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Elizabeth Taylor Quotes"
keywords = "elizabeth taylor,elizabeth taylor quotes,elizabeth taylor quote,elizabeth taylor sayings,elizabeth taylor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think I'm finally growing up - and about time.''' ,'''People who know me well, call me Elizabeth. I dislike Liz.''' ,'''When people say, 'She's got everything', I've got one answer - I haven't had tomorrow.''' ,'''I haven't read any of the autobiographies about me.''' ,'''I fell off my pink cloud with a thud.''' ,'''I don't think President Bush is doing anything at all about Aids. In fact, I'm not sure he even knows how to spell Aids.''' ,'''I've been through it all, baby, I'm mother courage.''' ,'''So much to do, so little done, such things to be.''' ,'''I adore wearing gems, but not because they are mine. You can't possess radiance, you can only admire it.''' ,'''I've only slept with men I've been married to. How many women can make that claim?''' ,'''I am a very committed wife. And I should be committed too - for being married so many times.''' ,'''It is strange that the years teach us patience; that the shorter our time, the greater our capacity for waiting.''' ,'''My mother says I didn't open my eyes for eight days after I was born, but when I did, the first thing I saw was an engagement ring. I was hooked.''' ,'''Marriage is a great institution.''' ,'''I have a woman's body and a child's emotions.''' ,'''I really don't remember much about Cleopatra. There were a lot of other things going on.''' ,'''Some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses.''' ,'''I suppose when they reach a certain age some men are afraid to grow up. It seems the older the men get, the younger their new wives get.''' ,'''You find out who your real friends are when you're involved in a scandal.''' ,'''I've always admitted that I'm ruled by my passions.''' ,'''Everything makes me nervous - except making films.''' ,'''Success is a great deodorant.''' ,'''I'm a survivor - a living example of what people can go through and survive.''' ,'''If someone's dumb enough to offer me a million dollars to make a picture, I'm certainly not dumb enough to turn it down.''' ,'''I sweat real sweat and I shake real shakes.''' ,'''I feel very adventurous. There are so many doors to be opened, and I'm not afraid to look behind them.''' ,'''The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.''' ,'''It's not the having, it's the getting.''' ,'''I don't pretend to be an ordinary housewife.''' ,'''Big girls need big diamonds.''' ,]
+++