+++
author = "Mitch Landrieu"
title = "Mitch Landrieu Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Mitch Landrieu Quotes"
keywords = "mitch landrieu,mitch landrieu quotes,mitch landrieu quote,mitch landrieu sayings,mitch landrieu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Political corruption is endemic all over this country, in some places worse than others, right? On crime, you have all the major American cities where the crime rates at different points in their histories, have spiked dramatically.''' ,'''Congress does investigations better than they do anything else.''' ,'''The federal government was responsible for building the levees, engineering the levees, and consequentially, the federal government is responsible for repairing the damage that has been done, which has not been completed yet.''' ,'''You can't hide behind race any more. You can't hide behind class structure any more. You can't hide behind family. You need to produce.''' ,'''There is nothing here that's broken that can't be fixed, but it won't happen on its own. It's going to require a huge lift by the entire country of the United States of America and people on the ground taking personal responsibility for themselves. You cannot take it as a fait accompli that the city's going to come back.''' ,'''The city of New Orleans showed America what it takes to rebuild a great place. We're all going together, and we're not leaving anybody behind.''' ,'''One of the things that's beautiful about New Orleans is how culturally rich we are and how well we have worked together. People call us a gumbo. It's really important that we get focused on the very simple notion that diversity is a strength, it's not a weakness.''' ,'''One of the most special things about the city of New Orleans is how diverse a people we really are. There's been a new generation of individuals that have all grown up together, so I don't really see myself as a White mayor. I've never seen New Orleans as a Black city.''' ,'''It's a common theme around the city of New Orleans; we're resilient people because we have to be. We love this place with all of our heart and all of our soul and I just wanted to try to do something that I could to help make it better.''' ,'''Eighty-five percent of us in this country, by the way, live in coastal areas, so again, Katrina and Rita were not just about New Orleans. There were a lot of lessons that the nation can learn from us if they just pay attention to the things that are going on down here.''' ,'''Race in America is not a problem you can go over, or around or under. You've got to go through it.''' ,'''The people of New Orleans have gotten to rock bottom. And the only way out in my mind is for them to really understand it, and then to really choose to get better.''' ,'''I love Mardi Gras. I'm a street rat.''' ,]
+++