+++
author = "Peter Bondra"
title = "Peter Bondra Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Peter Bondra Quotes"
keywords = "peter bondra,peter bondra quotes,peter bondra quote,peter bondra sayings,peter bondra saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Now I'm kind of different. I'm not saying I lost my spark - I still have it - but I don't chase the goal as much as I used to. I'm playing for the team and I still know I can score, but it's different than two or three years back.''' ,'''Sometimes that happens. I know how it feels to lose eight or nine to nothing. It can be frustrating but it was good for us. This was a team that was hot the last nine games. It seemed like any puck we touched went our way.''' ,'''This is definitely a playoff team. There's no question about that. It's just a matter of how much we want it.''' ,'''Obviously, I have a lot of memories here... but at the same time I'm going to put all my energies into moving forward and doing my best for the Thrashers.''' ,'''My speed is my greatest asset.''' ,'''Our team has a lot of talent. I hope that soon we will break out with four or five goals and avoid overtime.''' ,'''I just cannot have an offer on the table and just let it go.''' ,'''We talked to the referees before the game; there's always new situations to adjust, for the refs and for us as well. Even on the ice, it's good for players to talk and interact with the referee.''' ,'''My job is to score goals.''' ,'''To me, it's like we're already in the playoffs. Every game is important for our position. We can't relax at all.''' ,'''We want to learn all the game and play the best way and take to our advantage.''' ,'''You have to play defense, that's how you win.''' ,'''We're getting rewarded. We don't give up on the play and we show some character at the same time, but there is a long way for us to get to where we want to be.''' ,'''The celebration... you cannot practice it or anything. It's a moment when the excitement of your goal make you react to the moment.''' ,]
+++