+++
author = "Paget Brewster"
title = "Paget Brewster Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Paget Brewster Quotes"
keywords = "paget brewster,paget brewster quotes,paget brewster quote,paget brewster sayings,paget brewster saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Oh, my dating skills are the worst. No, I pick the wrong men; it's amazing. I am awful, the worst dater.''' ,'''After six wonderful years playing Emily Prentiss, I have decided it's time for me to move on. As much as I will miss my 'Criminal Minds' family, I am excited about the future and other opportunities.''' ,'''When you're on an ensemble show and you're messing around with everybody every day and you're not in every scene, and then all of a sudden you're in every scene, it's rough.''' ,'''I know so many people who are so much better at it than I am, and I think I'm a goofier person rather than a serious, dramatic actress, so I probably belong in comedy.''' ,'''I've done a show at the Largo Theater called The 'Thrilling Adventure Hour.' We read, like, radio teleplays. It's a send-up of radio dramas from the '30s and '40s. We just did a Kickstarter for that so that we can do a web series and a concert film.''' ,'''I'm 43 now. I've reached the point where I really can't care what anyone thinks. Of course, I do. I'm an actress. I'm totally insecure, but I'm trying to stick to my guns about what is important to me, and it doesn't matter what anyone thinks I should or shouldn't do.''' ,'''I'm not saying anything to denigrate 'Criminal Minds'; that's a great show. I just didn't appreciate it anymore. I appreciate those people, but I realized my heart wasn't in and I needed to go because plenty of people would rip their arm off to be on that show, so they should be.''' ,'''I really didn't feel challenged anymore. I wanted to learn something and be excited again... While it can be a family - that environment is actually a family - in the sense that also you sometimes hate each other, you can't stand being around each other and grudges are held... I was getting cranky on 'Criminal Minds.'''' ,'''People come over, and we watch things like 'The Paul Lynde Halloween Special.' I have a hot tub. Everybody puts on a bathing suit and we splash around.''' ,'''I know how to fake someone out, if they break into my house, into thinking there are other people there.''' ,'''I'm not a super-actorly actor, my-body-is-an-instrument type of person, but I do want to do fun, exciting, interesting things. I have a 2001 PT Cruiser. I saved my money so I can take my time and choose something that I think is great, and that's what I'm waiting for.''' ,'''I'm like this wiry freak they pulled out of a bar two months ago and said, 'Let's throw it on the wall and see if it sticks.'''' ,'''If you try to break into my house, you will be severely lacerated and possibly electrocuted, and I'm fine with that. Because if you're breaking into my house, you're on your own.''' ,'''When I was asked to leave, I left... Then they made me come back. I did, and I decided to enjoy it. It was one year. I care about everyone at 'Criminal Minds' but I knew, in my heart, I had left.''' ,'''I like everybody at 'Criminal Minds.' I would like to guest star, but I don't know if that is in the cards.''' ,'''There's great stuff out there, but I prefer doing a TV show, going to work every day with the same people, and a lot of stuff is not being shot in Los Angeles and I don't really want to do that because my loved ones are here.''' ,]
+++