+++
author = "H. Jackson Brown, Jr."
title = "H. Jackson Brown, Jr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "70"
description = "the best 70 H. Jackson Brown, Jr. Quotes"
keywords = "h. jackson brown, jr.,h. jackson brown, jr. quotes,h. jackson brown, jr. quote,h. jackson brown, jr. sayings,h. jackson brown, jr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you're doing your best, you won't have any time to worry about failure.''' ,'''When facing a difficult task, act as though it is impossible to fail. If you are going after Moby Dick, take along the tartar sauce.''' ,'''Living big and joyful and content is almost always the result of our finding satisfaction in life's ordinary day-to-day pleasures. And God must be fond of them, too, for He made so many of them for us to enjoy.''' ,'''See any detour as an opportunity to experience new things.''' ,'''Never give up on what you really want to do. The person with big dreams is more powerful than the one with all the facts.''' ,'''Nothing is more expensive than a missed opportunity.''' ,'''Never deprive someone of hope; it might be all they have.''' ,'''Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends.''' ,'''Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.''' ,'''I never expect to lose. Even when I'm the underdog, I still prepare a victory speech.''' ,'''Always kiss your children goodnight, even if they're already asleep.''' ,'''Measure your wealth by what you'd have left if you lost all your money.''' ,'''Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.''' ,'''Young love is wild and outrageous, laughing at moderation and blinding us to common sense.''' ,'''Watch your finances like a hawk.''' ,'''While we may lose heart, we never have to lose hope.''' ,'''When you have nothing important or interesting to say, don't let anyone persuade you to say it.''' ,'''Don't work for recognition, but do work worthy of recognition.''' ,'''We're constantly striving for success, fame and comfort when all we really need to be happy is someone or some thing to be enthusiastic about.''' ,'''Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.''' ,'''Life doesn't require that we be the best, only that we try our best.''' ,'''Hold puppies, kittens, and babies anytime you get the chance.''' ,'''You must take action now that will move you towards your goals. Develop a sense of urgency in your life.''' ,'''People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.''' ,'''A true friend encourages us, comforts us, supports us like a big easy chair, offering us a safe refuge from the world.''' ,'''Put a love note in his shaving kit before he leaves on a business trip.''' ,'''Enjoy the satisfaction that comes from doing little things well.''' ,'''You either make dust or eat dust.''' ,'''Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get.''' ,'''Marrying an old bachelor is like buying second-hand furniture.''' ,'''Remember that creating a successful marriage is like farming: you have to start over again every morning.''' ,'''Luck marches with those who give their very best.''' ,'''You can't hire someone to practice for you.''' ,'''It's true; once you are a father, there's no turning back. Your heart strings as well as your purse strings are never again the same.''' ,'''Oh, the difference between nearly right and exactly right.''' ,'''The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.''' ,'''Hope is not a resting place but a starting point - a cactus, not a cushion.''' ,'''Protect your enthusiasm from the negativity of others.''' ,'''Remember that life's big changes rarely give advance warning.''' ,'''Tell your wife often how terrific she looks.''' ,'''If someone offers you a breath mint, accept it.''' ,'''When you are angry or frustrated, what comes out? Whatever it is, it's a good indication of what you're made of.''' ,'''Live so that when your children think of fairness, caring, and integrity, they think of you.''' ,'''Talent without discipline is like an octopus on roller skates. There's plenty of movement, but you never know if it's going to be forward, backwards, or sideways.''' ,'''Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get.''' ,'''Be smarter than other people, just don't tell them so.''' ,'''Earn your success based on service to others, not at the expense of others.''' ,'''Be as polite to the custodian as you are to the chairman of the board.''' ,'''Hope is the magic carpet that transports us from the present moment into the realm of infinite possibilities.''' ,'''Good manners sometimes means simply putting up with other people's bad manners.''' ,'''Always have something beautiful in sight, even if it's just a daisy in a jelly glass.''' ,'''Acquaintances we meet, enjoy, and can easily leave behind; but friendship grows deep roots.''' ,'''Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated.''' ,'''Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.''' ,'''Remember that no relationship is a total waste of time. You can always learn something about yourself.''' ,'''In business or in life, don't follow the wagon tracks too closely.''' ,'''There is a fundamental question we all have to face. How are we to live our lives; by what principles and moral values will we be guided and inspired?''' ,'''Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.''' ,'''For most of us, wisdom is acquired in the thicket of experience and usually meets us somewhere along the way if we live long enough. But sooner is better than later.''' ,'''Mature love is composed and sustaining; a celebration of commitment, companionship, and trust.''' ,'''Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.''' ,'''Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.''' ,'''Find a job you like and you add five days to every week.''' ,'''Choose your life's mate carefully. From this one decision will come 90 percent of all your happiness or misery.''' ,'''Ask an older person you respect to tell you his or her greatest regret.''' ,'''Never marry someone in hope that they'll change later.''' ,'''Commit yourself to a mighty purpose.''' ,'''Opportunity dances with those already on the dance floor.''' ,'''Compliment three people every day.''' ,'''You can always tell when a man's well informed. His views are pretty much like your own.''' ,]
+++