+++
author = "Frances Arnold"
title = "Frances Arnold Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Frances Arnold Quotes"
keywords = "frances arnold,frances arnold quotes,frances arnold quote,frances arnold sayings,frances arnold saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was the first female cab driver in the city of Pittsburgh.''' ,'''We're seeing a move toward making things that either chemistry cannot make or can't make efficiently but biology does.''' ,'''You never know what will happen tomorrow.''' ,'''I wanted to make enzymes that would solve human problems, not just problems for a cell that makes them.''' ,'''I was employed at the Solar Energy Research Institute in the late '70s when Carter was president, and as a country, we had a goal of renewable energy development.''' ,'''The biological world always seems poised to innovate.''' ,'''Silicon-based life on Earth doesn't make sense, but perhaps it would in some totally different environment.''' ,'''Proteins aren't designed, they're evolved.''' ,'''I feel a responsibility to encourage everyone to excel in science.''' ,'''I learned how to navigate the world, and life's potholes, in Pittsburgh.''' ,'''I do something to make things nature never made but which is useful to humans.''' ,'''I'm an engineer by training.''' ,'''There's nothing like evolution for engineering beautiful organisms.''' ,'''We all need friends, and friends are there to hold you up when nothing else can.''' ,'''I'm not a gentleman and I'm not a scientist.''' ,'''The DNA-encoded catalytic machinery of the cell can rapidly learn to promote new chemical reactions when we provide new reagents and the appropriate incentive in the form of artificial selection.''' ,'''I took mechanical drawing, geometry and typing at high school, the latter because that is what they did with smart girls in those days!''' ,'''The fuel for evolution is diversity, with natural selection leading to continuous adaptations and improvements in Nature's handiwork.''' ,'''I was very head-strong, and this was the Vietnam War era - You did not listen to your parents or other authority figures. You didn't share their values. No one did in my circle. It was OK to rebel.''' ,'''I love what I do, and I'm grateful for every day I can do it.''' ,'''Mother Nature has been the best bioengineer in history. Why not harness the evolutionary process to design proteins?''' ,'''I don't sit around feeling sorry for myself. There's always somebody who's a lot worse off than you.''' ,'''Isobutanol is not a natural product, but we evolved an enzyme that makes it possible to convert plant sugars to this precursor to jet fuel.''' ,'''This innovation machine that's evolution, we can use it to do all sorts of interesting things.''' ,'''I can't imagine not being able to read and write, or make these connections from literature and philosophy that have helped inform my understanding of evolution.''' ,'''I get these students who come in and say, I want to help people. I say, people get plenty of help. Why don't you help the planet?''' ,'''I did all sorts of things that you wouldn't normally find on an engineer's docket, but it made an educated person out of me.''' ,'''I studied mechanical engineering at Princeton and worked on solar energy after graduation.''' ,'''I tried lots of things and never stopped learning.''' ,'''The code of life is like a Beethoven symphony. We have not yet learned how to write music like that. But evolution does it very well. I am learning how to use evolution to compose new music.''' ,'''My laboratory uses evolution to design new enzymes. No one really knows how to design them - they are tremendously complicated. But we are learning how to use evolution to make new ones, just as nature does.''' ,'''In the test tube, I can make any DNA I want, recombining it from monkeys, worms, anywhere. So I can explore new rules of breeding with molecules.''' ,'''My feeling is that we can genetically encode almost any kind of chemistry. We just have to learn how to do that.''' ,'''I meet so many young people who want to plan out their lives and want a recipe. They want me to tell them how to succeed. I didn't follow a recipe. I followed my instincts.''' ,'''I decided that I wanted to become an engineer of the biological world, specifically a protein engineer.''' ,'''I was used to being the only woman in everything... I didn't even think about it. Men were my role models - there's nothing wrong with that.''' ,'''I'm interested in using evolution to move forward into the future, to get biology to do a lot of new chemistry for us.''' ,'''What I find most interesting is what nature can do if you only ask.''' ,'''Nature's made much more dangerous things than I ever will.''' ,'''I think of what I do as copying nature's design process.''' ,'''I wanted to develop a career where I could use my engineering background to have a positive effect on society.''' ,'''I get called lots of things - a biochemist, a molecular biologist, a chemical engineer - and I guess I am all of those. I identify most as human!''' ,'''Only engineers would do something like random mutagenesis.''' ,'''Only by ignorance is science threatened.''' ,'''I'd like to see what fraction of things that chemists have figured out we could actually teach nature to do. Then we really could replace chemical factories with bacteria.''' ,'''No human can design a good enzyme, yet we are surrounded by them after 3.5 billion years of work by evolution.''' ,'''Evolution, to me, is the best designer of all time.''' ,'''So many things in my life have gone awry.''' ,'''Life is not a piece of cake, and it certainly is not for many of the people I know.''' ,'''I care about this beautiful planet that we all share. This is a home that we have to leave in good shape for the next generations.''' ,'''I know how to do science. I know how to make things. I don't know how to run a company. Now that's a really tough job.''' ,'''My whole interest is, how do you use evolution as an innovation engine? How does evolution solve new problems that life faces? And to have a system that can create a whole new chemical bond that biology hasn't done before, to me, demonstrates the power of nature to innovate.''' ,'''We are going to see a steady stream, I predict, of Nobel prizes coming out of chemistry and given to women.''' ,'''Give up the thought that you have control. You don't. The best you can do is adapt, anticipate, be flexible, sense the environment and respond.''' ,'''Most innovative things are not obvious to other people at the time. You have to believe in yourself. If you've got a good idea, follow it even though others tell you it's not.''' ,'''I had to grow up, reach a certain age where I see people do have something to show me.''' ,'''We've been tinkering with nature for tens of thousands of years - look at a poodle! So we've created all sorts of organisms and biological things that wouldn't be here were it not for us.''' ,'''For me, I was always the only woman in my cohort, first as a mechanical engineering undergraduate student, then as a chemical engineering graduate student. There were very few women getting degrees in those fields at the time. My role models were men - great men role models.''' ,'''The real frontier is making these hybrid systems where you expand the capabilities of biology with chemistry.''' ,'''I realized that the way most people were going about protein engineering was doomed failure.''' ,'''Science and technology are going to be the basis for many of the solutions to social problems.''' ,'''What I want to do is encourage women to take on this incredibly exciting and fun challenge to use their brains for the benefit of humanity but through science and technology.''' ,'''Cellulose has physical and chemical properties that make it difficult to access and difficult to break down.''' ,'''Enzymes are masters of chemistry. They evolved over billions of years to perform specific biological functions. They make complex materials with virtually no waste.''' ,'''There are lot of brilliant women in chemistry, a little later than some of the men, but they are amazing.''' ,'''Instead of studying what biology has already made, we have to imagine what biology could make. You can say, 'Oh, I want a cure for cancer,' but that doesn't tell you what evolutionary pathway will take you from here to there. What are the intermediate steps?''' ,'''My feeling is that if a human being can coax life to build bonds between silicon and carbon, nature can do it too.''' ,'''What I want to do is demonstrate that biology can learn how to make a vast array of molecules that people thought were outside the realm of biology.''' ,'''People are really interested in these fundamental questions: Why is life based on carbon and not silicon?''' ,'''I was lucky to be passionate about a field that was full of opportunity.''' ,'''In the lab, we're discovering that nature can do chemistry we never dreamed was possible.''' ,'''I wanted to rewrite the code of life, to make new molecular machines that would solve human problems.''' ,'''We've been modifying the biological world at the level of DNA for thousands of years. Somehow there is this new fear of what we already have been doing and that fear has limited our ability to provide real solutions.''' ,'''Using the power of protein engineering and evolution, we can convince enzymes to take what they do poorly and do it really well.''' ,'''I am a student of evolution and adaptation.''' ,'''In the universe of possibilities that exist for life, we've shown that it is a very easy possibility for life as we know it to include silicon in organic molecules. And once you can do it somewhere in the universe, it's probably being done.''' ,'''I thought to myself: What are the most important problems that society faces that I could contribute to? And it was clear that finding new sustainable sources of energy was the most important.''' ,'''I see a future in which nature gives us a helping hand. Instead of destroying the natural world, why can't we use it to solve the kinds of problems that we are facing?''' ,'''Inside of a living cell there are thousands of proteins that enable it to make more of itself and make your malaria drug, for instance. We don't understand those. We don't understand how they work together.''' ,'''Nature is solving all sorts of problems that we throw at her - how to degrade plastic bottles, how to degrade pesticides and herbicides and antibiotics. She creates new enzymes in response to that all the time, in real time.''' ,'''Enzymes catalyze all the reactions of life. They're what allow you to extract materials and energy from your environment and turn that into muscle and tissue and fat. That's all done by enzymes. They're pretty remarkable chemists - they're even better than Caltech chemists.''' ,'''Pittsburgh was a wonderful place to grow up - diverse and complex, one could go from one culture to a completely different one in just a few blocks. It was a whole world in one city.''' ,'''Evolution is good for optimising and that is well understood. But evolution also creates things that no one knew were even possible.''' ,'''There's plenty of ordinary Nobel laureates.''' ,'''All my projects are about sustainability, bioremediation, making things in a cleaner fashion.''' ,'''Silicon is all around but it's tied up in rocks... with these very strong silicon-oxygen bonds that living systems would have to break in order to use silicon.''' ,'''Human beings have been manipulating the biological world for thousands of years without understanding how DNA codes function.''' ,'''When I started engineering proteins I didn't know how hard it would be.''' ,'''Bemoaning your fate is not going to solve the problem.''' ,'''For some reason, there are political forces that somehow feel threatened by honest inquiry. How can you be threatened by wanting to know the facts?''' ,'''We share deep admiration for evolution, a force of Nature that has led to the finest chemistry of all time, and to all living things on this planet.''' ,'''Someone asked me 'What's the funniest thing or what's the best thing that you've ever done?' It's always what I'm doing now.''' ,'''To survive and even thrive in a changing world, nature offers another great lesson: the survivors are those who at the least adapt to change, or even better learn to benefit from change and grow intellectually and personally. That means careful listening and constant learning.''' ,'''In academics, it's getting your voice out that's important. It's getting somebody to listen to you. I had no problem with that. People were always curious about what I had to say.''' ,'''Microbes such as bacteria and yeast use enzymes to make fuels from biomass. We use directed evolution to perfect those enzymes and make new fuels efficiently.''' ,'''I've done that my whole life - I've taken the way people think and turned it on its head.''' ,'''What we need is a strong education system that allows creativity to grow and encourages students to be interested in science and technology.''' ,'''Engineering the biological world was even more interesting than engineering the mechanical world.''' ,'''I've been called pushy and aggressive and all the negative words that are rarely applied to men with the same traits. But it doesn't bother me.''' ,'''Doing science at the highest level is hard for anyone. It's hard for women, and it's hard for the men. And we need to have supportive mentors and role models we can look up to.''' ,]
+++