+++
author = "Julia Quinn"
title = "Julia Quinn Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Julia Quinn Quotes"
keywords = "julia quinn,julia quinn quotes,julia quinn quote,julia quinn sayings,julia quinn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a lot of teenage readers and readers in their early twenties. My writing style appeals to them. And if they look at my picture on the back of the book, they don't see someone who looks like their mother.''' ,'''To this day, 'The Duke and I' remains particularly close to my heart; I felt it was the novel in which my writing took a huge leap forward.''' ,'''Music videos may seem old hat now, but let me tell you, in the summer of 1981, MTV was indubitably the coolest thing ever invented. And the people who were in the videos... coolest people ever. No question.''' ,'''For me, the dialogue is the easiest part of writing. It just always seems so obvious what a character will say. Maybe it's because I talk too much!''' ,'''Most fiction series are written so that the reader can come in at any point and not feel lost, but if you can start at the beginning, why not?''' ,'''I keep waiting for the day in which everyone who loves 'Downton Abbey' will realize they were actually watching a historical romance novel.''' ,'''The general public doesn't expect romance authors to be Harvard graduates. Which is funny, because there are actually quite a lot of us. But this disconnect means that journalists see me as an interesting story. The tricky part is making sure they understand that there are many, many talented writers who don't have 'fancy' educations.''' ,'''In college, I was a researcher/writer for 'Let's Go: Europe,' assigned to Crete and Cyprus. I was supposed to go to England, but at the last minute they transferred me, despite the fact that I spoke not a word of Greek. I learned the very basics, and to this day can say 'oil,' 'vinegar,' and 'boyfriend in America.'''' ,'''Last time I was in London, I visited Number 5, Bruton Street, which is the address I gave to Violet Bridgerton, the matriarch of the Bridgerton clan in my novels. It was a bit disconcerting to learn that it's actually a pub.''' ,'''There are people who say they want to write novels. They think, 'I'll learn my craft on the romance novel.' If you don't love the genre, it's going to show, and it's not going to be a good book.''' ,'''The biggest challenge of my career, which is something that authors of genre fiction face all the time, is writing something fresh and new and at the same time meeting reader expectations.''' ,'''Certainly not every reader has liked every one of my books, but I think that's a good thing because it means I'm not repeating myself.''' ,'''I'm mostly a historical romance reader, but I never miss a Susan Elizabeth Phillips book. Her characters are larger than life and heartbreakingly real at the same time. I don't know how she does it.''' ,'''I can't rave enough about Eloisa James. I'm simply in awe of her talent.''' ,'''I don't think that writing talent has much to do with where one went to school, or the number of degrees on one's business card, but I do get a bit bristly at the implication that romance authors couldn't possibly be smart enough to get into an Ivy League school.''' ,'''I keep trying to write a bad boy and they always come out nice. I don't see the appeal of someone who is going to demean me in some way.''' ,]
+++