+++
author = "Mandy Moore"
title = "Mandy Moore Quotes"
quotes_len = "84"
description = "the best 84 Mandy Moore Quotes"
keywords = "mandy moore,mandy moore quotes,mandy moore quote,mandy moore sayings,mandy moore saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Sweet is good. I'm not a fan of deep-fried things.''' ,'''I just don't want to be known as the actress who can sing. I want to be known as the singer who can act, too. It's great cross-promotion.''' ,'''I'm learning to accept everything that I am. I've accepted that I'm not going to be a stick-thin-model kind of girl. When I was 14, I was tall and spindly. By the time I turned 18, I had become a woman, and my body's not going to go back to what it looked like when I was 14.''' ,'''I'm a spiritual person and a religious person. But for me, it's all a personal thing. I'm not someone who'll say, 'This is what I believe, and you should too!' It's more of an internal, quiet, grounded, fulfilling thing for me.''' ,'''When I started out in the industry I was 14 and a beanpole, but over the last few years I've grown. For the most part I feel pretty OK with how I look. I know I'm different from the typical Hollywood ideal of what is beautiful. But quite frankly I don't think that's attainable, and I'm happy to represent something different.''' ,'''Marriage is such a mark of adulthood in my mind.''' ,'''People who grew up watching Disney films like myself, there are films that are certain benchmarks in my childhood. 'The Little Mermaid' was the first movie I remember seeing. 'Beauty And The Beast,' 'Aladdin,' those are three I remember right off the bat.''' ,'''I understand people have preconceived notions of who I am or what I do.''' ,'''Rapunzel is a bit more relatable than the other princesses, especially because she doesn't even know that she's a princess until the very end of the movie. I like to think of her as the bohemian Disney princess. She's barefoot and living in a tower. She paints and reads... She's a Renaissance woman.''' ,'''When people come up to me and say, 'You made it,' I think, 'But I'm not done yet. Not everyone's heard my music.' I want to be a household name.''' ,'''I am not going to talk about my personal life anymore. You have to learn that lesson sometime.''' ,'''Hope is the most exciting thing there is in life.''' ,'''You can't get anymore classic than being a part of a Disney animated film. To me, that's something I can have in my back pocket for the rest of my life. I'll be able to show it to my kids. I'll be walking around Disneyland, and it'll be bizarre to shake hands with Rapunzel.''' ,'''Anytime I listen to my gut and I don't do something, or I do, it always tends to work out in my favor.''' ,'''I like being friends with other women who are supportive of women. I think that is important.''' ,'''I've gone skydiving twice. I was terrified about doing it, but I wanted to overcome that. The first time, I did it with my parents and I remember that they had already both jumped out, and suddenly it was my turn. And I thought, 'Well, I don't want to be an orphan,' so I guess I have no choice, and I jumped out of the plane.''' ,'''Having this other career in music made me work harder as an actress. It's made me more professional.''' ,'''I haven't thought about writing so much as potentially producing and finding my own projects to get into production. I want to be able to buy the rights to a story that I have read or a book that I have read.''' ,'''I love looking through magazines, and you know, I love getting dressed up to go to events and stuff.''' ,'''I want to be in New York. It's the place to be.''' ,'''My hair's naturally dirty-dishwater light brown. Ugly.''' ,'''Love is like nothing else on this earth, but only when it is shared with someone wonderful like you.''' ,'''I like pencil skirts because they hug me in all the right places.''' ,'''The unknown used to be really scary, just that fear of, 'What's next? What if I'm not prepared?' I just don't feel that way anymore. I feel like the best is yet to come.''' ,'''Whatever I feel comfortable in is usually what I'll wear. I go to different events and premieres and walk the red carpet... those things are awkward enough on their own. You don't want to be pulling up a top all night. I will sacrifice foot comfort though. I love high heels.''' ,'''Growing up in the public spotlight and having insecurities like every other girl, I really know what it's like to feel self-conscious.''' ,'''I love film, but it's bringing me away from music. Singing is what I'm probably most passionate about.''' ,'''I understand people have preconceived notions of who I am or what I do. But I do find it a bit bizarre that people find it bizarre that I've grown up.''' ,'''My mom has never been a big meddler and isn't, like, extremely opinionated or at least just doesn't voice it to me. She's sort of let me come into my own by myself, and I think that's just a testament to what my parents did in terms of raising us.''' ,'''I'm really kind of boring - I'd rather go to bed early and get up early because I really value my time off, my time away from work.''' ,'''I grew up doing musical theatre in Orlando, Florida. When I was 14, I just happened to be in the right place at the right time - a deliveryman heard me singing and offered to deliver my demo tape to Sony Music. I was just really lucky.''' ,'''It feels important to go school; not necessarily to further my education, but more like a hobby.''' ,'''We live in a world where it's difficult to be a woman who is strong and confident, so I like to surround myself with friends that embody that same principle and idea.''' ,'''I tend to be really competitive when it comes to Scattergories.''' ,'''I don't cook very well at all. I'm the girl that can't make scrambled eggs.''' ,'''It's important to get well-rounded right off the bat. A lot of experienced dancers can get pigeonholed into one thing. I've been hired for a lot of different gigs simply because I can do a lot of different things with different levels of dancers. And it's sad to me that some dancers don't do more.''' ,'''Growing up, I was obsessed with Disney movies like 'The Little Mermaid,' 'Aladdin' and 'Beauty And The Beast.' I was always singing the songs from these movies, so to find myself in the studio with Alan Menken was an amazing experience. In fact, it was a dream come true.''' ,''''Wild Hope' just felt like such a selfish venture to me. It was a way for me to get out of my head, get some clarity on certain situations, and finally be a part of something that I was completely behind creatively and proud of.''' ,'''There's a classic element that all good Disney movies have. It really comes down to the storytelling, I think. It manages to push all of these buttons inside of us; there's a sentimentality.''' ,'''I've always had bad posture, and Pilates makes me feel taller and reminds me to keep my shoulders back. And hiking isn't just about doing cardio, it's also when I can get my 'me time' to be alone with my thoughts. After Pilates I should do some cardio, and after hiking, I need to do some resistance training.''' ,'''As an Ambassador for PSI and a supporter of Nothing But Nets, I have met individuals around the world who are lending their ideas, their voices, and their time to improve their communities and the world at large. And there are millions more that I have not met.''' ,'''I carry around, like, a little journal with me and just write all the time. Not necessarily, like, actually sitting down and writing lyrics - just freeform writing, whatever's going on in my mind. I write a lot on airplanes, actually, because it's completely isolating.''' ,'''I'm minimalistic when it comes to makeup, so I'm a sucker for anything that's multi-tasking. Aquaphor is my go-to product. It's great for adding gloss to eyes and cheekbones, and amazing for soothing dry cuticles, too.''' ,'''Developing a relationship with someone you admire, who can encourage you to reach your full potential, is something that everyone can benefit from.''' ,'''A smile is so sexy, yet so warm. When someone genuinely smiles at you, it's the greatest feeling in the world.''' ,'''We are in a culture where it's so easy to just turn things off that you don't like. And I think that doesn't make you a well-rounded person or artist. You have to be able to take the good with the bad and have opinions on things!''' ,'''I'm very blessed that I get to dabble in both music and movies, and as long as people are willing to accept me in both roles, I'll be there.''' ,'''When I was first starting out in the music industry, I was always coupled in the same sentence with Jessica Simpson, Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera - and I was probably the worst of them. I think a lot of people back then thought, 'Mandy Moore... she'll probably go back to where she came from in a year.'''' ,'''I'm lucky to attribute my success to the foundation my family gave me. I've always felt grounded in them.''' ,'''My mom has always been my support system. She taught me to never give up and to keep pursuing my passions no matter what.''' ,'''Pneumonia is a disease that often flies under the radar of not just the public but even the global health community. It kills more children under 5 years old every year than AIDS, malaria, and measles combined.''' ,'''Because I'm in an adult world and I'm really working, my age is just a number. It's not really who I am.''' ,'''I guess I have sort of an atypical relationship with my mom for someone my age, because I think I started so young with the music thing and I had my parents always on the road with me. So at a time when I think I should have been rebelling, like in high school, they were actually my best friends.''' ,'''I have ambitions to do a Broadway record one of these days and get in the studio with like, a real orchestra. I'm a big musical theatre geek.''' ,'''I went to Catholic high school for half a year and religion wasn't the cool thing to talk about even at a catholic high school. It never came up.''' ,'''By preventing pneumonia and other diseases, we are giving men, women and children the chance to live healthy productive lives and participate in the global economy. In doing so, we are not only enhancing their futures - we are enhancing our own.''' ,'''I need to be more consistent about taking care of myself no matter how busy I am.''' ,'''I can plunk out enough chords to write a song, but I'm completely afraid to play guitar in front of other people. It's a fear of failure, I guess.''' ,'''I don't want to take fame for granted because that is when you start to think you are better than everyone else. That is when you start thinking that you are someone that you are not.''' ,'''When girls feel bad about their looks, 60 percent avoid normal daily activities like raising their hand in class or even going to the doctor. That means that girls do not show up for life when they don't feel good enough or pretty enough. A role model can help girls see beauty as a source of confidence, not anxiety.''' ,'''Growing up in the public eye was really tough. When you're 14 and your body is changing, your life is changing, and people are watching every step you make, it's really hard to deal with. But I was pretty lucky, people didn't watch me that closely.''' ,'''I think it's flattering when people say I'm a role model, but I don't think I am. It depends on your outlook on the word 'role model.' I'm not perfect or anything. I just consider it a great compliment.''' ,'''I kind of feel, in a way, all of us will forever be asking those questions of ourselves: Who am I and how do I fit in in the world and what is all this about? Because those aren't really... there are no answers to those questions, in a sense.''' ,'''I think I had the most fun making a movie with 'Dedication,' just because you knew that it was a passion project for everyone involved. We had X amount of days to shoot New York in the cold. No trailers. Just sort of kind of doing it guerilla style in a way.''' ,'''Go to the doctor, get a checkup, and get Pap smears regularly. Cervical cancer is very preventable, and if you catch it early, there are tons of ways to treat it as well.''' ,'''Music is my first love.''' ,'''I love the idea of getting up early on Sundays and walking to the market to pick up fresh fruits and vegetables. It's a good way to start my day, and it makes me feel like I've accomplished something before other people are even awake.''' ,'''I was happy to kind of always scoot under the radar.''' ,'''There are parallels between the music and film worlds, but they're really very different. I feel like they're just two different ways to channel my creativity.''' ,'''If someone tied me down and made me answer the question, singer, actress, clothing designer, I most likely - it could change on any given day, but mostly likely I would lean towards singing. It's where I feel most like myself - on stage singing.''' ,'''I don't think I had the aspiration to be a star growing up. I loved Madonna and Bette Midler, and I had my karaoke machine and would sing their songs.''' ,'''We sometimes think that being a celebrity is the same as being a role model. But a role model is actually someone you can touch, talk to and dream with.''' ,'''I travel the world visiting global health programs as an ambassador for the global health organization, PSI, and sometimes the disconnect I see is truly striking: people can get cold Coca Cola, but far too infrequently malaria drugs; most own mobile phones, but don't have equal access to pre-natal care.''' ,'''I'm a germ-phobe when I meet a lot of people or shake a lot of hands. I always have hand sanitizer and alcohol swabs so I can sort of go back and forth between the two.''' ,'''The actual producing, mixing, and mastering is hard work, harder than what I do.''' ,'''In 2009, I traveled to South Sudan with my organization PSI. While there, I visited a local school and met with a group of children who had formed a water club. The group learned about how to treat their drinking water and use proper hygiene practices, such as washing their hands before eating or after going to the bathroom.''' ,'''Tackling malaria in a country like the Central African Republic is a huge uphill battle, and my experiences there have been a healthy dose of reality, fueling my own sense of urgency to do my part in reducing the preventable suffering of the incredible women I met.''' ,'''I've had fun doing romantic comedies, but I just can't anymore. There's nothing fulfilling creatively, there's nowhere to grow, nothing to learn from it or for yourself. I'd rather just be home with my family or write music until that special project comes my way.''' ,'''I've always considered myself a fairly romantic person. I believe in love and falling in love at a young age.''' ,'''It was never important for a wedding to be about anything other than me and my partner. A big celebration was never my cup of tea.''' ,'''I do think it's possible to change for the better.''' ,'''As a little girl, I thought I'd like to get married on the beach. But I'm not the quintessential girl who had these sort of fantasies about that stuff.''' ,'''I want to go to college to study journalism. I want to speak French fluently, to travel. My mom was a journalist and it's in my blood.''' ,'''I want to learn about a different religion. I grew up Catholic, but my grandfather was Jewish. Knowledge about other religions can help you understand your own better. I think it's kind of hypocritical to believe one thing and don't know about any others.''' ,]
+++