+++
author = "David Beckham"
title = "David Beckham Quotes"
quotes_len = "83"
description = "the best 83 David Beckham Quotes"
keywords = "david beckham,david beckham quotes,david beckham quote,david beckham sayings,david beckham saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Nothing amazes me anymore.''' ,'''I don't know whether it's the athlete in me or the passion I have for the game: I always think that I can step back on the field and play.''' ,'''Rosewood has always been one of my favourite scents, as has the pink grapefruit and pepper we've also put in Homme.''' ,'''My private life is perfect. If your private life and your life outside football is good, then it is good on the field for you.''' ,'''I would never complain about the position I'm in or the attention I get. At the end of the day, I'm very lucky to have what I have and do what I do, but I don't see myself as any different from anyone else who works hard and is a dad and a husband.''' ,'''Everyone's been so quick to say that I'm really thick or I haven't got a brain. People will think whatever they want to think.''' ,'''People look at my tattoos, and the majority of them are religious images, so people think, 'Oh, he must be very religious'. I respect all religions, but I'm not a deeply religious person. But I try and live life in the right way, respecting other people.''' ,'''It was always going to be difficult, no matter what I'd set up, no matter how many children I have got to take my mind off things. There was always going to be a moment when I finished playing, that I was going to find tough.''' ,'''I don't regret the decision to retire. My body was losing its edge. I was taking longer to recover from injuries. You have to get out at some point.''' ,'''On the fragrance side, I think it's important that it's not overpowering, a fragrance on a man or a woman. I think it's important to see the person before you smell them. Less is more.''' ,'''I just want people to see me as a hard-working footballer and someone who is passionate about the game.''' ,'''I am happier now than I have ever been.''' ,'''Whatever I do, I want to be the best.''' ,'''My grandparents - my mom's parents - they're Jewish. But nobody ever pushed religion onto us. It wasn't something I ever grew up with.''' ,'''I remember how inspiring it was to meet players like Bobby Charlton or Bryan Robson when I was a kid. I still remember Clive Allen showing up when I received a trophy for my Sunday league team.''' ,'''No one's ever really given me any style advice. I wear what I want, and it doesn't matter what other people think.''' ,'''We stay as a team. I might be England captain, but that doesn't mean I get treated differently.''' ,'''I feel this pang of regret whenever I watch sport; this sense that I will never play a big match again.''' ,'''With United, we'd all grown up together, we all wanted to win the biggest trophy in football. We did it togther.''' ,'''I always wanted kids I could take to work, and for them to experience the things I experience. So, having three boys as a footballer was a dream.''' ,'''We've been asked to do 'Playboy' together, me and Victoria, as a pair. I don't think I'll ever go naked, but I'll never say never.''' ,'''I don't think I'm really in a situation to complain, because I consider myself to be privileged to be doing what I do.''' ,'''I'm a strong person, I'm a strong family man, I'm a strong husband and a strong father.''' ,'''Being at a club that supported me meant a lot.''' ,'''My parents were always very strict, and they gave me the right beliefs in how to treat people. It was very strict and all about morals - I try to pass that on to my own children.''' ,'''Over the years, when I've seen players retire, when you ask them about it, they always say you'll know when you're ready, and I think I know when I'm ready. I think I'm ready.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I'm very lucky to have what I have and do what I do, but I don't see myself as any different from anyone else who works hard and is a dad and a husband.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I thought my dad was a little bit harsh with me at times. Sometimes I needed an arm around me instead of my dad telling me what I did wrong, but it obviously worked.''' ,'''Tom Cruise, he's a lot more famous than me.''' ,'''I never do anything half-heartedly. I will continue to work hard and play hard and do everything I can to be successful, whatever I do.''' ,'''People react to criticism in different ways, and my way is definitely to come out fighting.''' ,'''I respect all religions, but I'm not a deeply religious person. But I try and live life in the right way, respecting other people. I wasn't brought up in a religious way, but I believe there's something out there that looks after you.''' ,'''That was my way of getting through difficult times of low confidence - hard work.''' ,'''Being hardworking is the best thing you can show children.''' ,'''I like nice clothes, whether they're dodgy or not.''' ,'''Hindsight is a wonderful thing.''' ,'''Kids can have great passion and great ability but if you have the facilities for your particular sport that can give you the inspiration to become a sportsman.''' ,'''I think the most important goal I scored in Spain was the first one because people were wary about me coming over to Spain as a player - they thought I was just there to sell shirts.''' ,'''I've felt a little tired, but I'm only 24. I love playing football. That's my job and that's what I love doing.''' ,'''There are certain battles that you pick. When they're not worth picking, they're laughable stories.''' ,'''There's room for boys' and girls' football in the world-that's what I believe.''' ,'''I'll never forget where I'm from, never forget my roots. It doesn't matter where I live. I'm English, simple as that.''' ,'''I've got my wife. I've got my four kids. I've got parents, grandparents still, and three really good friends. It's all you need. I'd rather have three really good friends than 20 good friends.''' ,'''I'm not one of those people who is not looking forward to getting old. I'm happy with my life.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I'm a footballer who has played at some of the biggest football clubs in the world and played with some of the best players in the world.''' ,'''Every situation has changed me as a person.''' ,'''I have always found it an honor that people have wanted to buy my shirt and an honor that fans turn up to watch the team I am playing in. I have always found that a huge honor.''' ,'''It's so important to have manners and treat people from all walks of life the way they should be treated.''' ,'''Alex Ferguson is the best manager I've ever had at this level. Well, he's the only manager I've actually had at this level. But he's the best manager I've ever had.''' ,'''I love a nice tailored suit, but I also like to dress down. It all depends on what mood I'm in.''' ,'''I've seen the growth of this game in this country, the stadiums that were built, the great European players that have come and the great American players who've been created. Americans want to be number one at everything. And they are at baseball, football, basketball. Soccer is growing fast, and I want to be a part of that.''' ,'''The spotlight will always be on me, but it's something I'm learning to live with as the years go by.''' ,'''I've played under some of the biggest and best managers and achieved almost everything in football. Of course it hurts when people question it, but I've come to the end of my career and can look back and say I've achieved everything with every club that I've played for.''' ,'''Always have something to look forward to.''' ,'''Two of my boys are Manchester United fans; one is an Arsenal fan. Whenever there is a game I can take the boys to, I love taking them.''' ,'''I don't have time for hobbies. At the end of the day, I treat my job as a hobby. It's something I love doing.''' ,'''The buzz is still with me. I get goose bumps.''' ,'''I always say that practice gets you to the top most of the time.''' ,'''I still look at myself and want to improve.''' ,'''Football's the biggest game in the world. America's the greatest sporting nation there is. To play some part in putting those two things together: why wouldn't I be excited about that?''' ,'''I'm a very stubborn person. I think it has helped me over my career. I'm sure it has hindered me at times as well, but not too many times. I know that if I set my mind to do something, even if people are saying I can't do it, I will achieve it.''' ,'''In my career, there's many things I've won and many things I've achieved, but for me, my greatest achievement is my children and my family. It's about being a good father, a good husband, just being connected to family as much as possible.''' ,'''I love little kids looking up to me, young players looking up to me, respecting me.''' ,'''I have got this obsessive compulsive disorder where I have to have everything in a straight line, or everything has to be in pairs.''' ,'''You start realising as you get older that there are some kids who don't know who you are.''' ,'''When you get older, you mature, and you start liking flowers. Although I try and keep it manly.''' ,'''I don't do anything unless I can give it 100%.''' ,'''Some men over-tweeze their eyebrows, and it's just too perfect. Men are meant to have kind of a bushy brow. Too much aftershave is also off-putting; it's one of my pet hates.''' ,'''I'm used to being around kids. Even when I was growing up in London, I had an older sister, I had a younger sister that I used to look after from time to time.''' ,'''As a footballer, you always want to test yourself against the best.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a hairdresser.''' ,'''Soccer is a magical game.''' ,'''I don't regret anything, but that doesn't mean that I don't look back and think, 'What was I thinking?'''' ,'''My parents have been there for me, ever since I was about 7.''' ,'''It's one thing I like about America - they respect the sportsman. They put them up on a pedestal. They don't try to knock them down. And that's a great thing, to be respected by the whole country. It's so patriotic!''' ,'''I love scoring goals for England and playing for England. That's one of the reasons I didn't retire - I love playing for my country.''' ,'''I wasn't as fit as I would of liked to have been, going to the World Cup, but I'm not sure what difference that made.''' ,'''Throughout my career I have been pretty successful, I've played for some pretty big teams, represented my country quite a few times, and played for managers without sentiment.''' ,'''I've never seen myself as a celebrity, but I see it in a positive way, the fact that people are still interested in most parts of my life.''' ,'''People just assume, over the years, that soccer players are not too intelligent. As with most assumptions, they're wrong.''' ,'''I've got friends in the different teams I've played for, but family is the most important thing to me. That will always be the case.''' ,'''I can't get through some movies without shedding a tear; I can't lie.''' ,'''When you have kids you do grow up. I have just started realising it now-it changes the world, having children.''' ,]
+++