+++
author = "Farrah Abraham"
title = "Farrah Abraham Quotes"
quotes_len = "87"
description = "the best 87 Farrah Abraham Quotes"
keywords = "farrah abraham,farrah abraham quotes,farrah abraham quote,farrah abraham sayings,farrah abraham saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I really embrace everything about my daughter.''' ,'''My daughter knows she is loved. My daughter knows she has a mom, and I'm there, and I'm not worried about anything of what everyone else is worried about.''' ,'''I think my daughter looks beautiful regardless if she's losing her baby teeth or if she's having a bad hair day.''' ,'''We embrace all of our friends from every background.''' ,'''I definitely am done with as much drama as I can be done with. I don't think it helps me with any of my business endeavors or the things that I'm excited about.''' ,'''A lot of people are liars who I work with; that's a shame.''' ,'''I just really love business.''' ,'''I just don't believe in joking about violence anymore.''' ,'''Women should have equal rights to men, every day.''' ,'''I've crossed adulthood, and I feel like lots of people are fighting that.''' ,'''If I'm writing books, I'm a 'New York Times' bestseller - how do I do it all? I don't know.''' ,'''It is incredible how important doctors are to our society and how they help individuals live up to their full potential in life. I hope to inspire and help others fulfill their best selves as I do my best to become the top doctor in the nation in my future.''' ,'''If I'm ever concerned about something, I'll have security deal with it.''' ,'''I always vote. If I have the right, I'm going to vote.''' ,'''I guess I don't really let the stress of my family weigh on my career, weigh on my options anymore, which I think we all need freedom from.''' ,'''My parents got put into jail, both my mom and my dad.''' ,'''I don't really pay attention to much online.''' ,'''Children already ignore others and take time on their own, and I think that is something adults should refer back to as they deal with the everyday hustle of the world.''' ,'''Oh, I definitely feel that women are equal to men. No doubt about that.''' ,'''My grandma was a nurse, and she helped a lot of transgender clients, so growing up, I was very aware of that, and my family and I have always been very supportive of people going through this.''' ,'''I'm always sad.''' ,'''A lot of my girlfriends are on Snapchat, and they were being scandalous with what they were showing on there. I keep it pretty simple. I give updates and share things.''' ,'''I'm blessed with good genes, but I also love to look my best self.''' ,'''I'm very proud, and God's blessed me with an amazing career.''' ,'''I detest people who lie. I can't stand it.''' ,'''I would never go on an intimate date with Charlie Sheen. He is really not my type at all.''' ,'''I'll just let people think what they would like to think, and that's fine, because it really doesn't infringe upon my life.''' ,'''I do not associate with and I do not speak back to negativity.''' ,'''It's good to be me.''' ,'''I don't like people who smoke and have tattoos.''' ,'''I really enjoyed watching the 'Being Farrah' special, and I think fans did, too.''' ,'''I think everyone should - can share whatever they wish when their heart is touched and they want to spread more positivity rather than segregation and separation in this world.''' ,'''Not everyone's a perfect parent, but we do learn, and we grow from that. I'm not trying to be harsh on my family because it does make them sad to think back about how they used to be and some of their choices.''' ,'''I was more of, like, into butterflies, insects, playing out in the yard, planting flowers. I was really into plants.''' ,'''I think some people are mentally unstable, and I don't think I should be around them.''' ,'''I think Trump's gonna be a great president. And Hillary's a great woman too.''' ,'''I've learned a lot from counseling and talking about the mistakes that I've made; I've understood why I made them.''' ,'''I get really upset when I'm around liars.''' ,'''I'm blowin' all the bullies away.''' ,'''I hope that others can turn their negative thoughts into positive thoughts and improve their own lives.''' ,'''I'm just thankful that I continue to do therapy because it makes the world a better place.''' ,'''When it's my time to go, I'll go, but the only time that's going to be for 'Teen Mom' is when the network takes it off the air.''' ,'''I definitely have my own brand, and so I never, ever envision myself with anyone else's lips.''' ,'''Even though I'm already successful and have a career, it is always good to have your eggs in more than one basket.''' ,'''I'm pretty feminine.''' ,'''I don't ever want my daughter growing up questioning who she is or her choices. I want her to be a strong, happy individual.''' ,'''When your kids are 5 or 6, they already start playing with makeup. And I was the only mother in freakin' elementary school getting called in to deal with makeup on her daughter.''' ,'''I just want women to support each other.''' ,'''I've hated my nose since I was 13.''' ,'''I'm just pretty proud of myself.''' ,'''By no means do we think, 'Oh, it's cool to be a teen mom.' I definitely don't think that it's cool.''' ,'''I do like bikinis. I have a good body.''' ,'''I guess I'm a passionate person.''' ,'''I think I'm pretty confident, and I know I'm different than everyone else, so I'm going to do what's me.''' ,'''Nothing I have ever done has made my future worse, my parents' life worse, my daughter's life worse.''' ,'''I'm actually a pretty upfront, honest person; if there's anything, I just confront it.''' ,'''I may speak my mind and come across as opinionated sometimes, but I would never want to harm anyone intentionally.''' ,'''I try to look at things in a positive light, but not everything ends up turning out positive or perfect.''' ,'''I'm a business person.''' ,'''I try to have all my songs relatable for my daughter in a fun and upbeat way that has a meaning.''' ,'''If my daughter says she doesn't like something, I don't do it. It's up to Sophia.''' ,'''I actually just keep things very professional. I don't need acceptance from anyone but God, so that's just kind of where I focus it all.''' ,'''The best narcissists can block things out and act like nothing ever happened to just keep going.''' ,'''There are a lot of layers to me.''' ,'''My 2016 New Year's resolution is basically to stop using profanity.''' ,'''I'm anything but a small-town girl. I have big, big dreams, and I plan on making them happen.''' ,'''I think there's different parenting styles.''' ,'''I have always said, even before I ever did TV, that I have a very dramatic family.''' ,'''I'm really not into black guys. I think that's more of a Kardashian thing. God bless them.''' ,'''I'm very specific about the guys I don't like and what I'm not okay with.''' ,'''There's bigger things to worry about than makeup.''' ,''''In the Making' reveals the truth about 'being in the limelight' as a young celebrity.''' ,'''I have a lot of passion and experience with aesthetic surgery and look forward to helping men and women all over the world.''' ,'''I'm very honest, and I show that.''' ,'''I think there's a lot of attractive black men.''' ,'''I'm personally bored with all the hate and have a wonderful, healthy life with my daughter.''' ,'''When you go through the death of somebody who you care about, and taking on moving, bills, and a daughter, it makes you feel older. You learn a lot about life.''' ,'''I'm just about social justice. Amen to women like me!''' ,'''Some people don't have the right surroundings to help get them through an experimental time or a tough time.''' ,'''I was assaulted twice by Aisleyne Horgan Wallace and Janice Dickinson.''' ,'''There's no reason to hide anything; there's just timeliness of age and what's appropriate.''' ,'''I can't speak for everyone, but I know that I definitely don't want to be a consistent plastic surgery, cosmetic kind of scenario. I don't like going to the hospital. I don't want to put myself through pain. So I'm very limited; I know what I need, and then I call it a day.''' ,'''I'm pretty proud of the parent that I've become.''' ,'''I try to make everything a positive, even if it comes off negative.''' ,'''I really believe in sharing my story to improve social behaviors in the nation.''' ,'''I feel like when you just say what the truth is, you can't really comment more than that.''' ,'''My family and I have such a different dynamic now. We've talked through a lot of our abuse.''' ,]
+++