+++
author = "Jeremiah Brent"
title = "Jeremiah Brent Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jeremiah Brent Quotes"
keywords = "jeremiah brent,jeremiah brent quotes,jeremiah brent quote,jeremiah brent sayings,jeremiah brent saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My love for pottery started completely by chance when a good friend of mine recommended I take a class. When I sat down at a pottery wheel, it was like love at first sight. It was so deeply meditative, and I felt connected right away.''' ,'''Rachel Zoe is all about timeless.''' ,'''Your space, when done correctly, is the purest extension of yourself!''' ,'''I have such deep appreciation for artists who have the ability to create something from within, something completely unique and original to each piece of work.''' ,'''Don't take anything too literally. When throwing a coastal theme dinner, don't just put seashells on the table. Instead, think about the colors and tones of seashells, what they remind you of and go from there.''' ,'''I have this vintage Ralph Lauren denim shirt that I wear probably more than I really should.''' ,'''I started out taking any project that I could because you want the work. You want the opportunity to create, and I'm glad I did because it forces you to really get an understanding of your vision and your voice as a designer when you have to be scrappy like that.''' ,'''Joel Chen is a friend and I'm a huge fan of JF Chen.''' ,'''Adding throws or blankets that have great texture over the back of a sofa adds some interesting personality really quickly and will visually change the room.''' ,'''Never underestimate the power of a fresh coat of white paint.''' ,'''So many people move in with somebody and try to hold on to who they were before they were with that person and that's not what the space is about. You have to allow it to become the both of you.''' ,'''I never thought that I would be a parent and have kids. It is the layer to my life that I never knew I would need. You are around honesty and vulnerability every day - it's so good.''' ,'''When you marry a triple Virgo, there's no way to meditate the stress away.''' ,'''I think it's really important to bring your own personality to the space you're in.''' ,'''Once I was hosting an important dinner party at our house - everything was perfect, candles were lit, the house smelled amazing with great food and drinks ready. We lit a fire and the flue wasn't able to open, unbeknownst to us. We smoked out the entire house and the fire department had to come - it was a mess.''' ,'''I've always loved creating things with my hands.''' ,'''It's so funny because as a parent you kind of just fall into your roles. Nate loves to change a diaper more than anybody should because he knows he's instantly solved something. I'm the one that's up all night and in the morning because I need barely any sleep.''' ,'''Your kids want to know that you can see them and that you care and we're fortunate enough to be able to do that.''' ,'''Books are always the best accessories to anything.''' ,'''I once hosted a dinner party where I had two guests with some serious food restrictions - one was vegan and the other didn't eat red meat... steak and fish were our dinner. Now I always serve family style with a variety of food groups - so there is something for everyone. Always ask your guests if they have any allergies.''' ,'''My understanding is that change is inevitable, and it's what I do with that opportunity that really matters.''' ,'''If there's one thing I know, it's to work hard, continue to work hard, and the rest will come.''' ,'''The spaces we live in should tell our story.''' ,'''When buying vintage, it's important to choose pieces that you feel like you've already owned for years.''' ,'''I just think Lucite can look really dirty.''' ,'''Book-matched marble is one of the truest ways to showcase the natural beauty of the stone and can become a statement piece of art.''' ,'''My parents both flipped homes. A typical weekend for us was walking through model home units. I loved walking through interesting floor plans and seeing different design aesthetics.''' ,'''Your home is the truest and most honest reflection of who you are, where you've been, and where you want to go.''' ,'''Your home is a kind of a reflection of your family, your life, where you're at, where you want to be, so I love to entertain people in it.''' ,'''I have an office at my house, so when I go home I am always pulling inspiration and putting ideas together.''' ,'''The thing that nobody talks about with nurseries is that it's also about creating a beautiful place for you. You spend so much time there, it needs to be a soft place to land.''' ,'''People want to connect with what they're purchasing.''' ,'''I really believe that a good decorator is a good listener. So the inspiration always is the people that are living in that home.''' ,'''You have to try different things, that's how people realize what they're meant to do.''' ,'''I'm the total organizer. Everything's got a system. It's in order.''' ,'''Well, I have an unhealthy obsession with coffee. There are at least five or six cups a day, in addition to the morning pot.''' ,'''I did everything, I thought I was going to be in marketing, then I thought advertising then I thought I was going to be an architect and then I was like 'you know what, let me just be a soap star!'''' ,'''I don't think unlacquered brass is going anywhere. And I hope the trend of mixing metals continues to live on. The trick to mixing metals is balance.''' ,'''One of the best things to do with tablescapes in my experience, is really curating them with things that you've collected.''' ,'''For summer soirees, I recommend being bold. Add a flavorful herb or a fresh, exotic fruit or vegetable to transport your guests to another place.''' ,'''The sofa is a really important investment for anybody, and I don't mean financially. You need to find a really great sofa that can transition with you, and you can build from there.''' ,'''I recognized that the passion I have and feel for interior and design and furniture was not organically there for styling. The fuel that drives you when doing something you truly love... wasn't there.''' ,'''Good closets make for a good marriage.''' ,'''When I first became really interested in building furniture, I went to Toys-R-Us, and spent $200 on Transformers toys. By taking the toys apart and studying how they moved, I was able to figure out how to hide a table leaf, what type of contraption I'd need to slide it under the table. I'm a really visual learner.''' ,'''A great interior designer is able to capture who someone is and adapt to who they are.''' ,'''I am a huge fan of porcelain in kitchens. It's an easy, interesting material.''' ,'''I discovered I'm a lot more patient than I thought I'd be. It takes a lot to shake me.''' ,'''People want to create a space that feels like them - one that's deeply rooted in their personality. That's important. Your space is an opportunity to tell your story and showcase your experiences. That's why I think every material - down to your faucet - needs to serve a function and feel personal.''' ,'''Break the rules - put a plant or a floral arrangement in a room that you wouldn't expect!''' ,'''With small spaces in particular you have to really follow the rule that if it's not absolutely beautiful or absolutely functional, then get rid of it.''' ,'''Fundamentally, I am all about finding interesting and authentic ways to incorporate nature into most of my designs.''' ,'''What we really believe in is high design at a low cost.''' ,'''Your home should be an extension of you and who you are as a person. If you can come home, and actually feel at home... that's fantastic design.''' ,'''I like to set up bars at my parties so people can make their own cocktails and mix and match and teach each other different things.''' ,'''I'm inspired by deep, earthy smells, especially of the outdoors.''' ,'''My entire twenties were filled with decisions that make me think, 'You had to go there, huh?' But that's part of exploration and I think a lot of the most beautiful moments of my life and a lot of the most amazing things have come out of some of the most tumultuous times.''' ,'''I always try to craft spaces around the moments that I imagine people or families having in them.''' ,'''I think it's really important, especially with the work space, to create a place that makes people feel creative, where they feel safe, and they feel like they're instantly connected.''' ,'''My biggest word of advice that I could give to people that are dealing with a home renovation or decoration is to not think about design as it's been presented to you before. I think everybody needs to start designing based on the moments they imagine having in their home and that is what has guided me as a decorator.''' ,'''Bookshelves are the most natural places for displaying your personal photos and picture frames. I always print our photos in black and white to keep a classic and cohesive look.''' ,'''Having been married and having stood up in front of people and had my own wedding, I understand the importance of that ceremony and the choice that you're making to spend your life with somebody and tell everybody in your life why.''' ,'''I've always loved design. I loved imagining the way people could live in a space, that's what I connected to.''' ,'''I like cooking.''' ,'''My biggest pet peeve is rushing.''' ,'''In my opinion, there's not really a 'worst' flower; however, you do have to do some research based on the people whose space will hold the flowers. For instance, there are some flowers that are poisonous to have around kids or pets.''' ,'''Incorporating travel, elements from different cultures and locales, is a great way to establish the overall tone and theme for a soiree.''' ,'''At about age 25 I had a bit of a quarter-life crisis and expected to be at a certain place by then, which was unrealistic to some extent. I used to have a lot of passion for interior design but I somehow lost it along the way, and so fashion was what I thought to be a new beginning, but in the end it just solidified the love I have for design.''' ,'''I think of myself as California modern, and I'm hugely inspired by nature.''' ,'''When Nate and I got married, instead of flowers we had these quartz and rock crystals everywhere.''' ,'''There are so many moving parts to a wedding, and I, it turns out, am a bit of a perfectionist.''' ,'''If I host something, even if it's just dinner at my house, I like the event to move. So that means cocktails in the family room, and then moving outside and having appetizers on the patio, and then moving to dinner at the dining table. It's just the idea of the event being curated to every little detail.''' ,'''As a kid I used to love going to open houses and doing DIY projects with my parents and sister around our home.''' ,'''I always want there to be room for people to connect. That is so important, especially in an office.''' ,'''I've had parties where I found photos of whoever is coming, put them in a cute little woven frame and used that as their place card at dinner. Then they get to take it home afterwards. It's the little things that make people feel special and like they were a part of the thought process that went into assembling a dinner.''' ,'''I think that's the great thing about interiors is that they can be treated like a great wardrobe. Choose a sofa and chairs that are staples in clean shapes that will keep for the next couple of years or decade. Then an easy way to bump up your entire room or your interiors is accessories.''' ,'''Every day working for Rachel Zoe, Inc. is surreal for me. I have the amazing opportunity to be around beautiful clothes and smart and talented people. Whats not to love!?''' ,'''I get up around 4 every morning because it's the only time I can find time for myself.''' ,'''I'm really proud of my partnership with Pottery Barn Kids.''' ,'''Finding a way to really reinterpret your home as an expression of how you live, is really good design in my opinion.''' ,'''The beautiful gift of my husband is that he saw me the way I've always wanted to be seen and there's something really powerful to that. When you find true love I really believe that that's what it is at its core.''' ,'''Artists have always been my biggest source of inspiration.''' ,'''There's nothing worse than coming home to a room that looks like a catalog.''' ,'''I personally think that a bouquet of white roses is simple, chic, and surprisingly long-lasting.''' ,'''I personally love mini bouquets randomly throughout my bathroom and my dressing room. I'll put a small bouquet on a dresser or on a round marble table in my bathroom next to the sink.''' ,'''When I look back, there was obviously the arch of my creativity and when I was young, I used to go to open homes with my mother and I used to imagine how I could make the space better and how people would live in it.''' ,'''Your home showcases your past, your present, and leaves enough room for your future. It's art that you live in!''' ,'''We are huge fans of T.J. Maxx at our house.''' ,'''I felt untethered in Los Angeles.''' ,'''I like being with my husband.''' ,'''When I was a kid I painted the walls in my room like 30 times!''' ,'''I fantasize about being home in sweats watching 'Billions.'''' ,'''Let your personality and passions shine through in the objects you choose to display in your home.''' ,'''We've always read to the kids, every night both kids get books. That's really important, and they love books. Our daughter is obsessed with reading and books, so it's really sweet. She has her own little personal library.''' ,'''People are understanding what it means to really create a space that feels like a direct reflection of you and I think with brands like Living Spaces, you can really start to take those chances for the first time.''' ,'''My husband is so gregarious and open and funny and such a people person.''' ,'''It's strange the way Instagram has become a really crazy sourcing opportunity for me. I never thought I'd be saying that, but you see these amazing vendors halfway across the world.''' ,'''Not only as designers, but as creatives, we're all about the importance of creating that super chic space that feels like a million bucks without having to spend a million bucks.''' ,'''I am always fascinated by the lighting and the brands they have at TJ Maxx.''' ,'''When designing - whether it's a living room, event space, or tablescape - I always want guests to feel as though they are part of the experience.''' ,'''Always play with the size and scale of the items on your bookshelf. Stagger the heights of books, vases, and picture frames and try to group in odd numbers.''' ,]
+++