+++
author = "Mehcad Brooks"
title = "Mehcad Brooks Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Mehcad Brooks Quotes"
keywords = "mehcad brooks,mehcad brooks quotes,mehcad brooks quote,mehcad brooks sayings,mehcad brooks saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Family is everything to me. Family and health are the two most important things to me.''' ,'''I'm such a huge sports video game fan. These games are getting so realistic, it's amazing.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I was an '80s baby, so I remember the Sega Genesis and the first Nintendo. I grew up in a time when we first started playing video games on a computer screen. Now there are headsets and your body's the controller.''' ,'''I feel like the human body is what it is, and the more you make yourself comfortable with it, the better off you are. Love your body and embrace that.''' ,'''I love 'Call of Duty;' I'm a huge fan, but I started off with 'Medal of Honor' and I stuck with what I knew. I never got into the online play with people, across the world, across the country.''' ,'''I had wanted to be a Calvin Klein model since I was 17. Marky Mark in his Calvin Kleins was the epitome of male sexuality. That was something I worked for.''' ,'''When I jump into something, I really do it to the fullest extent that my time and energy will allow me. I'm from Texas, and to see so many people that are obese and with disorders that are preventable. They haven't been shown or told. I'm really passionate about making sure my fellow countrymen are healthy. It's a shame.''' ,'''I really believe in being health conscious and trying to eat in a way that makes you feel comfortable. I've been working out since I was 17 or 18 years old. It's just a way of life for me. If I don't work out, I feel weird. It's just about what your routine is.''' ,'''I like playing characters that are true to life, and there's no guarantee that any of us are going to be okay, but we intend to be, and we take the time to try to be. I don't think it's any different for a character.''' ,'''Time heals everything. Time corrects everything. Time is the solution to every problem, I believe. A lot of things can happen with time. All that has to be there is the intention.''' ,'''I've played sports pretty much my whole life, and that teaches you how to work with anyone, whether you like that person or you don't, and whether you get along with them or you don't. The circumstances don't matter. Team work is part of life.''' ,'''There are so many of us that just do things to pay bills, but I never wanted that to be me.''' ,'''I basically modeled my way through college, doing local runway shows in L.A. that don't pay a lot and a couple of shows in N.Y. and S.F., and I probably made the same as the average 19-year-old waiter; I just worked less and was around beautiful girls, so it was nice.''' ,'''I read a quote by James Dean when I was 17; he said, 'I'd rather starve than do a whole bunch of work that I don't care about.' The older I got, the more I understood what he was saying. If I want to do a whole lot of work that I don't care about, then I would probably be working in a law office somewhere.''' ,'''I didn't act in college, per se, because I didn't want an acting degree. I don't know what you do with that degree. When I was 16, I saw 'Usual Suspects,' and I wanted to be a director as well. So I thought I should go to school for directing and producing, something I knew nothing about.''' ,'''If you can contribute 45 minutes - one hour a day a week exercising, you're going to be a healthy person. You can cut down on diabetes and all of these manmade problems we have. I do embrace the fact that I can maybe be a voice for people to realize that it's not as hard that people think. I'm a pretty passionate person.''' ,]
+++