+++
author = "Danny Garcia"
title = "Danny Garcia Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Danny Garcia Quotes"
keywords = "danny garcia,danny garcia quotes,danny garcia quote,danny garcia sayings,danny garcia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was a little kid I was embarrassed to tell people I had six toes, and I still do have six toes.''' ,'''The shoulder roll was created in Philly. I've been fighting people that roll their shoulders since I was a little kid.''' ,'''Garcia name is going to be remembered in the boxing game for a long time.''' ,'''I've been under a lot of pressure in my career - fights I was the underdog or counted out in.''' ,'''I give blood, sweat and tears inside the ring and I'm never going to stop working.''' ,'''I can't worry about nobody else. I've got to be Danny Garcia and win my fights and everything else will fall into place.''' ,'''No fighter has more fundamentals and overall skill than Danny Garcia.''' ,'''I hate to say this, but sometimes you need a wake-up call.''' ,'''Any big names out there that want to fight Danny Garcia, let's get it on.''' ,'''I'm a fighter. That's what I do.''' ,'''I want to fight the best fighters and I feel like Danny Garcia at his best, nobody can touch me.''' ,'''A lot of people don't have people to tell them, 'You're the best, and nobody can beat you.' You gotta have a lot of confidence to tell your fighter that. And you have to make a fighter believe he's the best to be the best.''' ,'''My dad is the way he is. He likes to talk. It's really a perfect team, because I'm not really a trash-talk kind of person. I can if I want, but I feel like I don't have to because I know I can fight.''' ,'''I fought on the undercard of a show headlined by Ricky Hatton and Floyd Mayweather Jr. There was almost no one in the arena then. But when Hatton and Mayweather came out, every seat was filled. There had to be 16,000 or 17,000 people in there. The place was going crazy.''' ,'''You can't hit what you can't see.''' ,'''I don't care what people think, what people say.''' ,'''I was born to perform on a high level.''' ,'''Philadelphia made me who I am.''' ,'''I want to thank my mom for the left hand.''' ,'''I've never picked any of my opponents - from Amir Khan to Lucas Matthysse to Keith Thurman to Lamont Peterson.''' ,'''I know what I can do, I know who I am. I just stay in my own lane.''' ,'''From the time I started boxing, my dream was to win an Olympic gold medal. At 10, I can't say I knew how big the Olympics are. I just knew that every kid in the gym wanted to win an Olympic gold medal. Every kid in every gym probably wants to win an Olympic gold medal.''' ,'''I always go for the knockout.''' ,'''You work for years and years to make the Olympics, then something goes wrong and it's all gone. But that doesn't mean you can't still make your mark in another way. Losing in the Olympic Trials made me that much hungrier to become a world champion as a pro.''' ,'''My job is to fight whoever they put in front of me.''' ,'''I'm a Philadelphia fighter in the truest sense. I never quit.''' ,'''I've never ducked no one.''' ,'''Somebody might try to steal your backpack, somebody might throw bread at you in the lunchroom. I was the kind of kid that if you did that, I wanted to fight.''' ,'''A win is a win.''' ,'''A lot of people say things because I wasn't born here, but in my heart, I know that I am a true Puerto Rican champion.''' ,'''It's an exciting feeling going to Puerto Rico. To go back where my dad was born, my bloodline, it means a lot to me to reach out to my fans in Puerto Rico.''' ,'''I'm happy for Tevin Farmer, I'm happy for everybody from Philly who's doing their thing.''' ,'''I'm going to be one of the best fighters coming out of Philadelphia and one of the best Latino fighters who's ever done it.''' ,'''My job is to show up fight night and give my fans a great fight. That's it.''' ,'''I really don't know how the matchmaking goes; that's not what I do.''' ,'''I'm a father now. I got to man up and be the best father I can be, which means I have to fight smarter. I can't take a lot of unnecessary punishment. I got to protect my future, and my child's future.''' ,'''People are acting like Keith Thurman has a cape like Superman and can fly.''' ,'''My dad is my best friend, not just my dad. We hardly ever bump heads, but when we do, we just work it out.''' ,'''The WBC title belongs to me.''' ,'''I'd go around Philadelphia and everybody still loved me. Until the Eagles won, I was the only champ they had.''' ,'''This is what Philadelphia fighters are all about - rising to the occasion - and that's what I've been doing my whole career.''' ,'''They say that being humble leaves you out of the record books. I want to be in the record books.''' ,'''Every fighter dreams of a big payday. That's my dream.''' ,'''At the end of the day, we fight for the legacy, but you don't want to be just a fighter with legacy with no money.''' ,'''Everyone has gone through hard times. Everyone has gone through times where they need extra help.''' ,'''I've seen a lot of the great fighters, so I've always been a fan of the Puerto Rican fighters and I'm happy to be one myself.''' ,'''I've fought a lot of guys with power. It takes more than power to win a fight.''' ,'''My whole career has been based on pressure. When I don't have it, it feels weird sometimes.''' ,'''I'm just a fighter that comes to fight with a big heart. I come to give the fans what they want.''' ,'''I always support Philly.''' ,'''I just want to keep the Puerto Rican tradition of champions alive.''' ,'''It's great to be Puerto Rican, because Puerto Rico loves boxing. They don't have a lot of major sports down there.''' ,'''I love it here in Puerto Rico. I love the weather and the beautiful people. Everything about the culture is like where I grew up in Philadelphia.''' ,'''You know, I accept some things with a laugh. Amir Khan was supposed to be a killer, and look what I did to him. Then it gets back to me that people thought I was lucky. Well, I must be lucky my whole life then, because I keep winning.''' ,'''When you're fortunate, your job is to give back and change someone else's life.''' ,'''I think there's a lack of respect for me out there, from the promoters, boxing people. It's something I've faced ever since I put on gloves. I don't understand it. I know my father doesn't.''' ,'''I'll fight anyone, anytime, anywhere.''' ,'''I feel like I'm the Tim Duncan of boxing.''' ,'''People in Philly are always late.''' ,'''It's amazing to be a Puerto Rican fighter; we have a great history of fighters.''' ,'''We don't fight for free.''' ,'''Everyone knows I can fight, that's not hard for me.''' ,'''Manny Pacquiao, Errol Spence or anybody who wants to fight me, I'm here. Let's get it on.''' ,'''Philly is old-school.''' ,'''I've been in this position many times and I know it's these so-called easy fights that can be harder than the toughest ones.''' ,'''You know boxing is all about entertainment.''' ,'''I know how the game works. You want to fight who you want to fight. And it never happens.''' ,'''I am a Puerto Rican. I could have been born on the moon, but I'm still Puerto Rican.''' ,'''In basketball and football I would cry. I didn't understood why all my teammates weren't good. Then I started boxing and I knew it was different. I said, this is all me.''' ,'''Pacquiao needs a fighter like me to sell. Our styles match up better than anyone else's styles in the welterweight division. It would be a great fight.''' ,'''People were fighting to try to train me. They saw a pot of gold, and they wanted to fight for it. But they seem too hungry. So I said if my father ain't training me, I ain't going to fight.''' ,'''I know how to control the distance, I know how to counter real good.''' ,'''I've been in a lot of big fights, so I can't psyche myself out, like, 'Oh, this is a big fight.'''' ,'''I don't think it's fair that you can say I'm not a Puerto Rican fighter because I wasn't born in Puerto Rico, when my blood is Puerto Rican.''' ,'''Families stick together.''' ,'''I still know I'm a true champion, I'm a great fighter, some of the best fighters of all time have a loss, or more than a couple of losses.''' ,'''I've been an Eagles fan since I was a little kid.''' ,'''I wanted to box when I was 7, but I couldn't because in Philadelphia you need to be 10 to get insurance. So me and my dad waited 3 years until I could sign up, and I've been fighting since then.''' ,'''I love being in Puerto Rico. I am so excited that they embrace me, and I feel that I am giving back to my fans.''' ,'''When I used to fight in the amateurs, guys wouldn't show up for the finals and I won the tournament. They wouldn't call my name when it was time to get the trophy. They called everyone else's name. Believe me, you remember things like that. I'd say there was disrespect there. It's followed me into the pros.''' ,'''I know that Shawn Porter is not on my level.''' ,'''You have to have people around you that know what makes you happy and know what makes you mad. I have the right people around me.''' ,'''A boxing gym is not supposed to look like a hotel or a condo. It is supposed to be rugged.''' ,'''I don't think about the money when I'm training.''' ,'''I've got to make sure I take care of business and look impressive.''' ,'''I want to be the best fighter in the sport.''' ,'''My job is to fight and that's what I do.''' ,'''It would be a dream come true to end Manny's career, just like I ended Erik Morales' career. It would be that same type of feeling. Pacquiao is a global superstar, and once I beat him, I'll be the new pay-per-view superstar.''' ,'''I've been to a lot of different cities around the world. People in Philly are a lot different... We're raised a little more street-smart. We're raised a little tougher. We're raised to never back down and to hold our ground.''' ,'''I love big fights, the atmosphere, love the people who don't want me to win. It brings out the dog in me.''' ,'''I work hard. And whoever they put in front of me, I guess that's who gets beat up that day.''' ,'''I just want to go down as one of the best Puerto Rican and best Latin fighters ever.''' ,'''I will take anyone at 147.''' ,'''I have the Puerto Rico power and the Philadelphia toughness and Philadelphia skills.''' ,'''I want to be a three different weight-class champion.''' ,'''I never call anyone out.''' ,'''I've been counted out a lot of times, but always find a way to win.''' ,'''I don't want to be one of those fighters that say I could've been this, I could've been that.''' ,'''A lot of boxers try to make it entertaining by fighting with their mouth.''' ,'''We want all the big fights.''' ,]
+++