+++
author = "Stephen Baker"
title = "Stephen Baker Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Stephen Baker Quotes"
keywords = "stephen baker,stephen baker quotes,stephen baker quote,stephen baker sayings,stephen baker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To bathe a cat takes brute force, perseverance, courage of conviction - and a cat. The last ingredient is usually hardest to come by.''' ,'''I like working with kids. I just have a way with kids.''' ,'''Would I buy a cell phone for my 12-year-old?... No. I should have closer control over my child than that. He really shouldn't be in places where he needs to contact me by cell.''' ,'''This is the year you really put the stake in the ground.''' ,'''I always wished I had a chance to meet an NFL player or even a college player when I was growing up in Los Angeles.''' ,'''Even though I'm retired for some years now I still have something positive to say to kids. And they still listen.''' ,'''When you get released from the NFL it's not a pleasant experience and I may have sulked for about two or three years. Then I was like, 'You know what? It's time to get back on the wagon.' I have nothing to be ashamed of.''' ,'''People didn't stop spending money, they just spent it on things that complement their PCs.''' ,'''Of all the toys available, none is better designed than the owner himself. A large multipurpose plaything, its parts can be made to move in almost any direction. It comes completely assembled, and it makes a sound when you jump on it.''' ,]
+++