+++
author = "Pauline Collins"
title = "Pauline Collins Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Pauline Collins Quotes"
keywords = "pauline collins,pauline collins quotes,pauline collins quote,pauline collins sayings,pauline collins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think goodness is very powerful, but often evil is made more attractive in films. It's a challenge to make goodness appealing.''' ,'''We all press buttons in relationships, in our dealings with people, without thinking what it really means. We all knock along without questioning what kind of situation we're in. We may often be in a very good one, but we don't even appreciate the good situations. We're lazy. Or we're scared. Or we just don't notice.''' ,'''We all think we're liberated when we have more of everything, don't we? That's what the media tell us.''' ,'''I think you can lose yourself more easily in a film than in the theater.''' ,'''Theater is an engagement between the actor and the audience. Film is a different sort of medium. It's not immediate, but in some ways it's more involving.''' ,'''I was brought up a Catholic, so I suppose I have to believe in the goodness of human beings. I think we're not so bad after all.''' ,'''When I started performing, I decided that if in five years I couldn't earn as much money acting as I could as a teacher, it would be unrealistic for me to continue on the stage.''' ,'''I have played a few lay saints in my time.''' ,'''Certainly, I, as an audience, am stricken with terror if I see only two people onstage. And one person, I think, is even harder for people to take.''' ,]
+++