+++
author = "Helena Bonham Carter"
title = "Helena Bonham Carter Quotes"
quotes_len = "91"
description = "the best 91 Helena Bonham Carter Quotes"
keywords = "helena bonham carter,helena bonham carter quotes,helena bonham carter quote,helena bonham carter sayings,helena bonham carter saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Very early on, you figure out that you put your self-esteem in the hands of strangers. There's a different commodity. There's the Helena Bonham Carter that everyone thinks they know, who really has nothing to do with me. But you just have to let that go.''' ,'''I'm a late developer. I only moved out of home when I was 30.''' ,'''I enjoy those small chats you have when people come up and talk to you about your work. It only involves a few seconds of effort to be nice to those people, and I am very grateful for the kind words that people have taken the trouble to express to me in person.''' ,'''You become very angry and depressed that you keep getting offered only these exceedingly demure and repressed roles. They're so not me. That's why films like Fight Club were so important to me because I think I confounded certain stereotypes and limited perceptions of what I could do as an actress.''' ,'''When you write for very young children what they want is something familiar and safe and stereotyped.''' ,'''I liked pretending to be other people: I could reinvent myself, reinvent my own reality.''' ,'''Mothers are the heart of any household. I try to spend as much time with my children as I possibly can while also fulfilling my professional duties. It is tricky, but I think I manage it.''' ,'''I'm always attracted to lower budget, not because it's lower budget, but because they tend to be better scripts.''' ,'''I just do things because I fancy the parts and the directors.''' ,'''It took me ages to grow into being a woman, into being happy with it.''' ,'''It would be nice to really shed the corsets.''' ,'''When I was young I had so many inferiority complexes. I had an inferiority complex because I didn't go to university. I had an inferiority complex because I didn't train. Then it gets tiring. And you do get bored of it.''' ,'''Multitasking? I can't even do two things at once. I can't even do one thing at once.''' ,'''The parenting bit is much harder than the acting bit. You just never know what to do.''' ,'''I don't think I dress eccentrically. I'm just not conservative, I guess - I dress according to what like. And I'm not a mannequin, as you can tell.''' ,'''Most of my relationships were people in the business. Having said that, me and Tim don't really talk that much about work. He comes into my bit of the house every so often to vent but we don't really have very high, cultured conversations.''' ,'''I'm the kind of actor who has ventured into escaping from me.''' ,'''I was weird right from the start. It's just that you can't ever expect people to get you. And I do think that really did mess with my head, being well-known young, when you really don't know who you are.''' ,'''My life had been very work-orientated, and all in close-up. Once I had the family, it went into sudden widescreen.''' ,'''Because I sleep with him he asked me to audition, you know?''' ,'''I loved doing all those costume dramas. I didn't think, 'Ooh I've got to avoid being typecast' - you can't ever be dictated to by what other people think. I just do things because I fancy the parts and the directors.''' ,'''I love changing what I look like because I always feel super strange whenever I do watch something that I'm in.''' ,'''No, I can never rely on Tim to make me pretty.''' ,'''I've got Tourette's, practically. I'll tell anyone anything.''' ,'''Well, at least I'm not too thin. I eat.''' ,'''It's easy for me to go back to being a kid. You know how kids can be like savages before they get civilized? There's that sadist quality. Y'know, like boys who like to pick apart an insect for the sake of it.''' ,'''I was reading William Shawcross's biography of the Queen Mother, dressed in my witch outfit! And you know what? It was a really good mix; it was a therapeutic mix.''' ,'''I never really wanted to grow up. I grew up really young. I moved out when I was 13 - that's when I started acting.''' ,'''I was a mixture of being incredibly old for my age and incredibly backwards. I was born quite old, but then I stopped growing. I lived with my mum and dad till I was 30.''' ,'''Wearing corsets all the time was completely incapacitating, as far as digestion goes.''' ,'''People say, 'You're still breast-feeding, that's so generous.' Generous, no! It gives me boobs and it takes my thighs away! It's sort of like natural liposuction. I'd carry on breast-feeding for the rest of my life if I could.''' ,'''I don't think any actor wants their children to follow them into the profession.''' ,'''Fairytales have always got to have that scary quality, as long as you make them laugh.''' ,'''You can actually have a pitch button, you know, to get people on pitch.''' ,'''My father fell really chronically ill when I was 13 and that's when I phoned up an agent and started to act.''' ,'''I think my mouth just opens and I spontaneously say things that occur to me.''' ,'''It didn't matter what you look like. You don't have to get up at 5:30 in the morning and there's a lot to be said for that. Corpse Bride can just play all my parts from now on and I'll just do the voice.''' ,'''That's the thing with animated films - I often feel that puppets get the better parts compared to us normal actresses.''' ,'''I just went and got an agent because I thought I can create my own world - you can't right your own life, but you can escape to a world where you can have control.''' ,'''My mom being a psychotherapist, I've been brought up with that whole psychoanalytical terrain.''' ,'''I also get fed up with the fact that casting agents and directors have this impression of me as being frail and petite. I find it very patronizing. I'm quite beefy and strong. I was a gymnast in school and I have lots of muscles.''' ,'''People have lots of misconceptions about me. My mum, who is half French and half Spanish, gets outraged when I'm called quintessentially English. I owe my looks to my mum-which was 90 percent of getting my first job. And, some people would argue, 90 percent of my entire career.''' ,'''I'm always attracted to lower budget, not because it's lower budget, but because they tend to be better scripts. It's the scripts that tend to be the small arthouse film that tend to be more actor-led and character driven.''' ,'''Everybody has an inferiority complex when they step into a room. But then when you have children and you get older, it doesn't really matter. When I was young I had so many inferiority complexes. I had an inferiority complex because I didn't go to university. I had an inferiority complex because I didn't train.''' ,'''I think smells, like sounds, can be so much immediately affecting.''' ,'''I don't think kids have a problem with death. It's us older ones who are nearer to it, that start being frightened.''' ,'''For me, acting is about getting away from myself. So to look at myself is the last thing I want.''' ,'''But it's often been the case, I've done so many countless small, independent films that really 3.2 people have seen, so you never know. You do it for the joy of the part and not necessarily expect anyone to see the final product.''' ,'''Journalists are always calling my features Edwardian or Victorian, whatever that means. I am small, and people were smaller in those times. I'm pale and sickly-looking. I look fragile-like a doll. But sometimes I just wish I had less of a particular look, one that was more versatile.''' ,'''I was like one of those nauseatingly nice children. I was very, very well behaved and boring.''' ,'''Usually I'm frustrated when I look at my films and I don't believe that I've made a real transformation beyond my usual sets of gestures and expressions. I still have this nagging feeling that it's me, that I didn't create a unique character.''' ,'''It was weird because I was pregnant, throughout that so it was weird being a pregnant witch. I was in a really bad mood but luckily, because I sleep with the director, he just sort of scheduled me so I only had to do it two nights.''' ,'''I'm not dead and I don't have blue hair but some people say there are similarities. It is usually intolerable to watch myself onscreen but this time it's fine. I think it's beautiful and a real work of art.''' ,'''I would pretend to be the French lieutenant's woman. I was always a romantic. I still am, actually.''' ,'''A lot of times in this business, it's so transitory - it's just 10 weeks here or there on a movie and then it's over - but to see the same people over all that time, a decade, makes you feel really safe and secure.''' ,'''She looks like a warrior. I mean, Bellatrix does mean warrior. And she's also a bit of a fatale. She's the right hand of Voldemort, and the only woman death eater.''' ,'''The problems come when your personal life and relationships come under scrutiny in the press and often very uncomplimentary things are printed about you.''' ,'''Famous people come up to me, but I don't know who they are because my sight is so bad. It's always at the pool of the Four Seasons in Beverly Hills when I don't have my lenses in and my glasses are in my room.''' ,'''It was a challenge to be able to create a character without being able to use one's normal set of expressions. All the rubber and makeup attached to your face left you with only a modest range of facial movements.''' ,'''I'm drawn to emotionally damaged characters because there is more to unlock.''' ,'''It took me so many years to move out. I'm definitely a bit of a Peter Pan, reluctant to grow up. It all seemed really nice at home-why change it? Part of me would prefer not to have any responsibility whatsoever.''' ,'''You can't ever put your self-definition in the hands of somebody who meets you for 15 minutes.''' ,'''I should get a few ribs taken out, because I'll be in a corset for the rest of my life.''' ,'''As everyone, you do end up becoming your mother, but also as you're acting, I find out you become every member of your family, bits come out without you really wanting them to come out.''' ,'''All the ancient classic fairy tales have always been scary and dark.''' ,'''J.K. Rowling said Bellatrix's role was going to be significant in the last one, when I showed some reluctance in playing a tiny bit part. Up front, they said, 'You're very significant in the last one.' But significant could mean a lot of things. That could just mean a significant plot point. Doesn't necessarily equal big part.''' ,'''When you're up for an Oscar, you just get offered everything. It's fantastic, but a lot of it you're completely inappropriate for.''' ,'''I think I've still got a bit of a sado-masochistic streak in me, because if I'm not going to be restricted by corsets and covered in lace, then I still wind up wearing an ape-mask over my face. I do wonder how I get myself in these situations!''' ,'''Not only was it nearly impossible to hear because of these huge rubber ears we had to wear, but we also had these huge furry hands which were absolutely useless, especially if you had to scratch yourself.''' ,'''I've never had white teeth. To be honest, I've never been told to do any of those horrible things - get your teeth whitened or your nose straightened.''' ,'''You learn to rely on a few basic movements and use your voice to the greatest extent possible to convey your emotions. So there was a technical challenge there and a responsibility to create a character from behind the mask.''' ,'''With the number of people I ignore, I'm lucky I work at all in this town.''' ,'''If you're a queen, you're powerless, so I'd probably demote myself and go shopping.''' ,'''There is no normality in life.''' ,'''I remember I did think, 'Wouldn't it be nice if Mr. Right moved in next door?'''' ,'''I was sad that Corpse Bride was so short. I would've liked to have had her around for way longer. She doesn't actually have that many scenes.''' ,'''I personally never got the gist of Facebook and Twitter.''' ,'''I have to struggle to change people's perceptions of me. I grew very frustrated with the perception that I'm this shy, retiring, inhibited aristocratic creature when I'm absolutely not like that at all. I think I'm much more outgoing and exuberant than my image.''' ,'''I'm a very good sleeper.''' ,'''I look completely like my mum. She's very foreign, very Jewish.''' ,'''A film actor is just a victim of directors and editors.''' ,'''In any relationship, after the first year is over, you can't help but want your own space.''' ,'''I hate this image of me as a prim Edwardian. I want to shock everyone.''' ,'''It's different when you're an actor and playing a part, but when it's just you, you feel immensely vulnerable have strangers prodding and prying.''' ,'''Tim also has enough confidence so that it always looks like a Tim Burton film, but it really is collaborative. You're allowed to do it your way but of course he's always going to choose his way.''' ,'''What I loved about playing the corpse is that obviously somebody else got to do the physical part. It appeals to the part of me that likes playing character parts and getting the chance to get away from my own physicality.''' ,'''I'm often criticised for what I wear. That's my main label in the press now: disastrous dresser!''' ,'''No matter how many modern parts I do, people still refer to me as Mrs. Costume Drama. Fight Club is a studio pic, and I've done very few of those. I've got a feeling it's going to change things for me.''' ,'''I love witches and magic and dress-up and make-believe.''' ,'''I drink booze, I smoke, and I'm hooked on caffeine. I actually have been known to swear at times and belch and even raise my voice when provoked. And I'm not physically repressed!''' ,'''The animators are absolutely extraordinary. It's mind-boggling.''' ,]
+++