+++
author = "Howard Fast"
title = "Howard Fast Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Howard Fast Quotes"
keywords = "howard fast,howard fast quotes,howard fast quote,howard fast sayings,howard fast saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A man who will traduce those who stood with him in battle is not worth much.''' ,'''I was in federal prison in West Virginia for three months for contempt of Congress for a refusing to comply with a request of a Congressional committee of Congress, the House Un-American Activities Committee.''' ,'''Since I believe that a person's philosophical point of view has little meaning if it is not matched by being and action, I found myself willingly wed to an endless series of unpopular causes, experiences which I feel enriched my writing as much as they depleted other aspects of my life.''' ,'''The only thing that infuriates me is that I have more unwritten stories in me than I can conceivably write in a lifetime.''' ,'''I always thought that socialism here would be peculiarly American, with some reasonable, post-industrial evolution between working-class needs and market forces. It won't be bloody like the Russian Revolution.''' ,'''Americans have no sense of history. And not much memory. They don't remember what happened yesterday.''' ,'''It's been said that I am the most widely read writer of the 20th century. The number of books I've sold runs into untold millions.''' ,'''I was part of a generation that believed in socialism and finally found that belief corroded and destroyed. That is not renouncing Communism or socialism. It's reaching a certain degree of enlightenment about what the Soviet Union practices.''' ,'''The Rosenberg case had been orchestrated to an anti-Communist frenzy that matched the exuberant hysteria of the Nazi horror.''' ,'''Like most thoughtful people who watch what's going on in Washington, venting is very necessary.''' ,'''In L.A., you work like hell because there is nothing else to do, unless you're cheating on your wife.''' ,'''After the Spanish Civil War against Franco, a group of us got together: a group of well-to-do people who were sympathetic to the lost cause of a Republican state. We bought a convent in Toulouse and converted it into a hospital run by the Unitarians. It took care of the Spanish refugees who fled to Toulouse.''' ,'''I'm disenchanted with Communism and most other things. I'm cynical but not a cynic. I'm cynical about TV, Congress, and commercial peanut butter.''' ,'''A critic is a eunuch working in a harem. He watches it, but he knows he can't do it. Critics very often are failed writers and, like failed priests, they hate religion.''' ,'''My books were attacked constantly by the Communist Party for not hewing to the Party line. I have never hewed to a Party line of any kind.''' ,'''I was born and grew up in the greatest, the noblest achievement of the human race on this planet - which was called the United States of America.''' ,'''The play is a marvelous form, but it demands less than a novel.''' ,'''To be dogmatic about a cause you believe in at the age of 20 or 30 is not unusual. But to be dogmatic at age 55 or 60 shows a lack of any learning capacity.''' ,]
+++