+++
author = "Carole King"
title = "Carole King Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Carole King Quotes"
keywords = "carole king,carole king quotes,carole king quote,carole king sayings,carole king saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I used to hate the sound of my voice.''' ,'''My name at birth was Carol Joan Klein. It would take me five decades to appreciate my surname and the history that came with it. Along the way, I would add an 'e' to Carol and acquire several more surnames.''' ,'''Had my grandparents not emigrated when they did, I might have been born Jewish in Eastern Europe during World War II, or I might not have been born at all. Instead, I was born in 1942 in New York City.''' ,'''Sometimes I get a lyric, and the lyric, you know, comes off the page, and goes into my brain and comes out with a melody. Other times, I may create a melody first.''' ,'''I didn't want to be an artist.''' ,'''My one area of vulnerability was I didn't know how to have a healthy relationship with a man.''' ,'''I only wanted to be a songwriter. I never wanted to be a singer. And I never wanted to be famous.''' ,'''My parents always told me I could be anything I wanted to be.''' ,'''I write heavily under the influence of James Taylor.''' ,'''When I wake up every morning, I smile and say, 'Thank you.' Because out of my window I can see the mountains, then go hiking with my dog and share her bounding joy in the world.''' ,'''I went to London and performed in Eric Clapton's concert at the Royal Albert Hall. I'll work with him any time he asks me.''' ,'''There is a downside to having one of the biggest-selling albums ever.''' ,'''I think Madonna has a great deal of intelligence and capability. I have a lot of respect for her. She's taken her career and maximized it with intelligence and creativity.''' ,'''I've had a remarkable life. I seem to be in such good places at the right time. You know, if you were to ask me to sum my life up in one word, gratitude.''' ,'''The downside of videos is that it will put my vision in front of other people, so they might not get the chance to create their own.''' ,'''I'm a songwriter first.''' ,'''In my career I have never felt that my being a woman was an obstacle or an advantage. I guess I've been oblivious.''' ,'''All I needed to do was sing with conviction, speaking my truth from the heart, honestly and straightforwardly, and to offer my words, ideas and music to the audience as if it were one collective friend that I'd known for a very long time.''' ,'''Sensitive, humbug. Everybody thinks I'm sensitive. Wait until they hear my new album.''' ,'''When I was younger, I was kind of fearless. I think it takes more courage to do things when you know more. I was completely naive, and I was like, 'Why can't I do anything I want to do?'''' ,'''I was taking singing lessons, and they'd say, 'Your voice is too hoarse. You have to do more exercises.'''' ,'''Everybody understands friendship, and friendship is different than love - it's a different kind of love. Friendship has more freedom, more latitude. You don't expect your friend to be as you think your friend should be; you expect your friend just to love you as a friend.''' ,'''Eric Clapton is my dream guitarist.''' ,'''I just sort of try to be a good person; try to write music that lifts people and makes me feel good to sing.''' ,'''My creativity is an entity unto its own.''' ,'''My life has been a tapestry of rich and royal hue, an everlasting vision of the ever changing view.''' ,'''I listen to both oldies and contemporary stations. I enjoy listening to current stuff because there's an energy to it that's inspiring.''' ,]
+++