+++
author = "Shanna Moakler"
title = "Shanna Moakler Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Shanna Moakler Quotes"
keywords = "shanna moakler,shanna moakler quotes,shanna moakler quote,shanna moakler sayings,shanna moakler saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''The Wedding Singer' was my first role ever! It took me, like, 20 takes to say my one line. I went home and cried!''' ,'''I love the Baby Gap! They truly have the best prices and really are cute!''' ,'''The more fame and attention Travis got, the more of a monster he became at home. I loved him but had to get out for my own sanity.''' ,'''Playmates are moms, too.''' ,'''With Las Vegas being so bright lights-big city, I'm not sure that women really have a clear understanding of what pageantry is and what it can do for you.''' ,'''I feel like I took opportunities that were given to me to get where I needed to be, but it's not necessarily what I wanted to give back to the world or how I want to inspire people.''' ,'''I am a human being and the bashing has taken its toll.''' ,'''People get obsessive and nuts. It's scary.''' ,'''As much as Travis and I may have not agreed in the past on a lot of things and we had our own public ups and downs, we've always shared the fact that our children are our first priority.''' ,'''I'm very active in making sure my children are well-adjusted and balanced.''' ,'''I remember filming my TV show, 'Growing Up Supermodel,' and just being uncomfortable. And then when I saw myself on TV, not even recognizing myself, it was really hard to see.''' ,'''I wouldn't be where I am today if it wasn't for pageants. And the reason I got involved is because I wanted to give back to girls, and I really believe that girls that are involved in pageants are ambitious, driven women who are trying to set themselves apart from the pack.''' ,'''I think my children deserve to have a relationship with their mother... and their father. The children deserve the opportunity to meet their parents' significant others in a good, positive way.''' ,'''When I'm walking, and I can feel my thighs touch? I don't want that.''' ,'''You don't need to air your dirty laundry, you don't need to trust everyone.''' ,'''Nowadays there's the taping of the boobs. The tanning has become pretty intense with these young ladies. The hair extensions have become very serious... But I hate it when pageant girls get a bad rap, because they really are intelligent women. They're ambitious women; they're driven; they're educated.''' ,'''I'm sort of like a jack of all trades.''' ,'''I've never heard any guys say, 'Oh, I love her thighs.'''' ,'''It's very hard to coparent when your ex or the father isn't encouraging the children in a way that both parents deserve when you are coparenting.''' ,'''I stopped eating for emotional pleasure and started eating to fuel my body.''' ,'''A film actress that I really admire and look up to is Jessica Lange.''' ,'''I've had challenges in my life that have been very public, but I don't think that's any more difficult than someone who has a struggle in a small town where everyone knows everyone else's business. It's just on a more publicized scale.''' ,'''Most women in pageants love the actual pageant - the competition, the show. They don't understand that it is actually a real job that you are paid a real salary for.''' ,'''I saw what I thought was a donkey posing on the stairs but much to my surprise it was Kim Kardashian.''' ,'''I cannot with a clear conscience move forward supporting and promoting the Miss Universe Organization when I no longer believe in it.''' ,'''I think it's really important to not ever let one of your past relationships make you afraid to fall in love again.''' ,'''When you're a YouTube blogger and you have over five million to 10 million fans, and you incite your fanbase to go and threaten and attack anybody... that's a serious issue.''' ,'''If you see a look in a magazine that you like, try it.''' ,'''I didn't breast-feed. I'm selfish.''' ,'''I never thought I would be getting a divorce.''' ,'''The Swimsuit competition hasn't ever been about being sexy. It's about showcasing your dedication to your health and fitness and how you exude confidence.''' ,'''I was a competitive roller skater for 12 years.''' ,'''When I was put on the hormone testosterone, it made me gain 40 pounds. I was almost 170, which is very heavy for me. I was always 125 my whole life.''' ,'''They're good little kids. They have good hearts and good souls... We just try to communicate with them as best we can constantly and show them through our actions with different people how you treat others as you would like to be treated.''' ,'''Colombia, Philippines, Venezuela, Dominican Republic, Mexico, these are all powerhouse countries in pageants, and have very aggressive fans, this is like soccer to many in these countries.''' ,'''Pageantry is something I celebrate and support and... the role of these winners is to be an ambassador for everybody, whatever race, color or creed, and a role model.''' ,'''I think there really needs to be some consequences for people with bullying, because there are children that are taking their lives over this.''' ,'''Travis is a serial womanizer. When we were together I would go through his phone and find endless messages from women he was hooking up with. It was soul-crushing but like a lot of women I stuck with him for the sake of our kids. I wanted to try to make it work.''' ,'''The best burp cloths I find is getting a large package of disposable cloth diapers without padding and use them; I used them for everything and the more you wash them the softer they become!''' ,'''The Kardashians are buying my kids Prada every other day. They're going on lavish trips. They're doing all these things, which is fine. I think it's nice that they're being kind to my kids. I want that for my children.''' ,'''I celebrate breastfeeding. I think women should be able to do it in public. I will stand arm in arm for women's rights to do it.''' ,'''I'm so sick and tired of women who are pro-breastfeeding - which is awesome - putting down other women who either don't want to do it, don't like it, have bad feelings about it, or physically can't do it.''' ,'''I want the father of my kids to be happy and to have a partner that makes him happy... and a better father.''' ,'''My nanny usually leaves around 6 P. M. I take my kids, I give them a bath, I put them to bed.''' ,'''I think the demise of a marriage is like a death, and there is a mourning that goes with it. It's devastating.''' ,'''No, I really was the biggest dork in high school. I know everyone says that, but I was 4-foot-11 and 75 pounds when I was 17.''' ,'''Nevada has literally become my second home.''' ,'''After having my third child and third C-section there's just parts of my tummy, no matter how many crunches I do, it's just not ever going to be the way that I was pre-pregnancy.''' ,'''I'm just not into that entire 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer' stuff. They're going in and doing movies, and it's like, 'When did these women become sex symbols?' It's a part of Hollywood I don't understand.''' ,'''I want to guide young girls.''' ,'''Pageantry isn't just about holding a title, it's also about helping women grow as people.''' ,'''I didn't eat entire pies or pig out on junk... I gave life and no one can or should make a woman feel bad about her body when she just had a baby.''' ,'''I used to go out of my way to prove to people that I wasn't what they thought I was, but that's one of the comforts I take in my 40s. I don't feel the need to do that anymore.''' ,'''I hid my weight pretty well but I wasn't fine, I was super unhappy, miserable and I was working out like an animal with no results.''' ,'''I look at my children and I am thrilled that my body will never be the same after having them. They were worth it!''' ,'''Absolutely, I was looked at as a role model. There does come a responsibility with having the title.''' ,'''It's not a big secret that the Kardashians and I don't really get along. I don't care.''' ,'''Breast implants in pageants is not a rarity. It's definitely not taboo. It's very common.''' ,'''I feel like, as teenagers, they do rebel and say things sometimes they don't mean.''' ,'''I lived with a 60-year-old chaperone, and drinking, swearing and smoking were absolutely forbidden - even in the house.''' ,'''Miss America is a scholarship pageant, and they actually define themselves as a talent pageant.''' ,'''I am by no means an angel, and I have made many mistakes, but a woman can only turn her cheek so many times.''' ,'''Pageants have consistently evolved over the decades and have tried numerous plays on different portions of the competition.''' ,'''I think it's heartbreaking when your kids go public and make accusations that aren't true, you know, not just about me as a parent, but also about my relationship.''' ,'''As a mother... I'll always be there for my children, no matter what. I love them. I understand that we all have growing pains.''' ,'''I am who I am and I make my own decisions.''' ,'''I think it's really important that women understand that they don't have to be ashamed to make changes to their body.''' ,'''If a man loves me, he will love all the flaws that come with me, so ladies don't beat yourself up about them.''' ,'''My love of lip gloss comes from my mom, who always wore it - and from watching 'Charlie's Angels.'''' ,'''I think I put a lot out there on social media and I shared probably more than I should have.''' ,'''I look at social media as a place to have fun. It should be positive.''' ,'''I think it's vile when people pick on women after giving birth and highly unrealistic to expect women to get right back to their pre-pregnancy shape in 3 months.''' ,'''We're just a musical family. We're not really into sports.''' ,'''Sometimes when I'm on my social media, I'll like all the fans' comments, I just kinda go down and like everything.''' ,'''It's 'Dancing With The Stars,' it's not 'The End of Your Life.'''' ,'''I think, more than anything, Travis and I have the main goal of trying to be the best parents for our children that we can be. So whatever that entails, we'll definitely do 100 percent.''' ,'''My mom is beautiful and had that '70s kind of glamour.''' ,'''I would walk down that aisle again, for sure. I think it would be beautiful, but I'm in no rush. If it happens, it happens. If it doesn't, it's OK.''' ,'''I look at pageants as a really wonderful thing to women. I think it helps a lot of women. It gives them opportunity. It helps them better themselves.''' ,'''Middle-class girls are often attracted to boys from the wrong side of the tracks.''' ,'''I was told I would never win a pageant because I was too little. But not only did I win, but then when I was told I would never be able to model because I was a pageant girl, I became a model and I was successful at it.''' ,'''When it comes to the anti-fur campaign, it's really close to my heart.''' ,'''When I was growing up I always wanted to be in the entertainment industry.''' ,'''OK, I dated Jordan Knight from New Kids on the Block, I dated a 'Baywatch' boy named David Charvet, and I dated Billy Idol.''' ,'''For lunch, I love salads, so I will do, like, a kale Caesar with chicken breasts.''' ,'''One of the things they always say in Hollywood is pretty girls can't be funny. And it used to infuriate me.''' ,'''We don't have 9-5 schedules, Travis and I, so we really try to work with each other's schedules.''' ,'''Trav and I are so crazy. We are off for one week, on the next.''' ,'''When you take a little time to put makeup on, it changes your confidence level and you radiate that.''' ,'''I was first runner-up, and there is something to be said about losing gracefully.''' ,'''I have the Skinny Dippers swimsuit line coming out, which I'm really proud of and very excited to do.''' ,'''I've been awarded fur coats and I'm hoping to stop it in our pageant community.''' ,'''I've always been inspired by the great actors and actresses of the '30s and '40s like Fred Astaire, Ann Miller and Gene Kelly.''' ,'''I was lazy and I didn't want to cook or plan my meals. That all changed - and it didn't change overnight. I had to really make conscious decisions every day and plan and cook.''' ,'''I always told Travis the truth but he had this entourage, people who had everything to gain from partying with him and doing drugs. They didn't want the wife around.''' ,'''I'm based in L.A., so overall health and taking care of yourself at all times is crucial - like going to the gym, eating healthy and taking care of yourself.''' ,'''It's really hard once you do reality to kind of get out of that stereotype. I'm hoping to break that.''' ,'''If I wanted to say something, I think the world knows me as being outgoing enough if I really wanted to make a comment, I would just make a comment.''' ,'''It's my ex's name. Don't tattoo names on your body, kids.''' ,'''Atiana's very humble and more quiet and just so talented.''' ,]
+++