+++
author = "John Belushi"
title = "John Belushi Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 John Belushi Quotes"
keywords = "john belushi,john belushi quotes,john belushi quote,john belushi sayings,john belushi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to do different things all the time.''' ,'''Christ, seven years of college, down the drain.''' ,'''If Brando can do Capote and I can do Brando - well then, I can do Capote.''' ,'''I give so much pleasure to so many people. Why can I not get some pleasure for myself?''' ,'''I've seen Animal House two and a half times now at sneak previews with a real audience, and the reaction was great.''' ,'''I used to scrimp with Judy in one-room apartments.''' ,'''I guess happiness is not a state you want to be in all the time.''' ,'''I'm learning to cope and not deny my own success, but I still think it's not happening a lot. I get nervous, and I am capable of doing something to blow it on purpose. A lot of actors have that problem.''' ,'''It's hard to go back and be constantly funny.''' ,'''You don't know what it's like to be me.''' ,'''I don't go anywhere without Judy.''' ,'''The trick is knowing what you want to do and then resolving to do everything you have to do to get there.''' ,'''What rock n' roll was supposed to be about was getting loose, enjoying it, going a little crazy, and not caring how you act or dress.''' ,'''Work is no longer challenging.''' ,'''Rock n' roll is at a standstill, I think - and comedy is taking its place as something exciting.''' ,'''Nothing is over until we decide it is! Was it over when the Germans bombed Pearl Harbor? Hell, no!''' ,'''It's all false pressure; you put the heat on yourself, you get it from the networks and record companies and movie studios. You put more pressure on yourself to make everything that much harder.''' ,'''Some comedians love their characters. I don't fall in love with mine. In fact, I get tired of them very fast. You have to be willing to throw it all away.''' ,'''Back in Chicago, all we cared about was rock 'n' roll and staying out of the army.''' ,'''It's very hard to be a good actor, you know. It's easy to be cute.''' ,'''I owe it all to little chocolate donuts.''' ,'''I want to do a romantic comedy that nobody thought I could do. And then do a comedy with Dan Aykroyd that is totally different from 'The Blues Brothers.' I'm a comic actor, but I'm an actor, too.''' ,'''I'm out of control.''' ,]
+++