+++
author = "Quique Setien"
title = "Quique Setien Quotes"
quotes_len = "80"
description = "the best 80 Quique Setien Quotes"
keywords = "quique setien,quique setien quotes,quique setien quote,quique setien sayings,quique setien saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Of course I have dreamed about that - and about showing off the Champions League trophy to the cows back in Liencres.''' ,'''You will see that I am a direct and sincere person, I don't beat around the bush and I will address something if I see it.''' ,'''When you come to a new team there's always uncertainty about how they're going to respond.''' ,'''All I'm interested in is giving my players the tools they need to win.''' ,'''I have no problem with people expressing their opinion as long as it is with respect.''' ,'''I only guarantee one thing when I take over a new club: that we play good football.''' ,'''More time and less pressure would be a lot better, that's true.''' ,'''I don't have a lot of time to lose and I would like to win the Champions League or La Liga. If I could win them both, even better.''' ,'''I want my tombstone to say that I won the Champions League with Barca.''' ,'''I'm a romantic, I like the football.''' ,'''I understand that it is very difficult for Barca and Madrid to win everything until the end.''' ,'''Madrid's anarchy can make planning difficult: they're unpredictable. But if you can be defensively sound and use the ball well, making the most of the space they leave, you can do them damage.''' ,'''I have this philosophy of play that I love and my teams play well.''' ,'''I want my team to play well almost all of the time and have possession of the ball.''' ,'''If Messi didn't have it clearly in his head that Barcelona have a winning project, maybe he would go, but Barcelona are always looking to have a winning project.''' ,'''I love to watch and have great footballers and if I can watch Neymar every day, just imagine.''' ,'''I've come from the bottom, I've got used to working with what I have.''' ,'''Madrid's players are carried along by the football itself, what they feel in each moment; they're not guided by tactical rigor or a specific structure.''' ,'''In these fixtures, the past is forgotten. What is rewarded is the present. This is a Clasico: two teams that will be at 100 percent regardless of the situation.''' ,'''I'm interested in the football; everything outside of that is something I can't control.''' ,'''There are many variables in each game that make each one different.''' ,'''Days before Barcelona called me, I was about to leave to coach in Egypt.''' ,'''Pressure is not imposed on me by the club, I impose it on myself.''' ,'''Playing without a crowd is a disadvantage.''' ,'''There are coaches who put more or less players in front of the ball; when you put lots of players ahead of the ball, the risk is magnified. There are coaches that won't contemplate that. I respect that.''' ,'''I never really understood the game until I saw Cruyff's Barcelona play. The first time that happened it opened up a new world to me. I began to understand that football was a collective thing, and that association between players meant you could keep the ball the whole game.''' ,'''What I feel for the ball, what I enjoy, as a player and now as a coach, the satisfaction I feel when I see great players, is the same as in the school playground: seeing moves build, seeing understanding, passes flow, seeing it all fit together. That's what I admire and ultimately, that's what you learn at school.''' ,'''Any footballer who understands space and time and positioning can become a better player because he knows how to receive the ball alone with time to play a pass or shoot.''' ,'''Hard work is the most important. Conviction also, but real hard work.''' ,'''I am used to working with what I have.''' ,'''Las Palmas, Lugo, Betis... if you followed them, you know we had an identity. You saw it, we played good football.''' ,'''I don't rule out 3-4-3 or other formations depending on the game.''' ,'''Everything can happen in soccer. We have seen inexplicable things.''' ,'''Of course I would like to coach Neymar one day.''' ,'''I've watched Barcelona all my life.''' ,'''Real Madrid are a team who are a little anarchic.''' ,'''The formation is important but not that important. The important thing is the concepts in each position on the pitch. That has to be integrated into the players' heads. The players will develop when they understand it.''' ,'''I have always thought winning on its own is not enough. You have to have continuity in what you do. The things you do have to last.''' ,'''I do not agree that the coach has to adapt to the players. There was a time when I thought it, but that was because I did not understand football.''' ,'''I will try to avoid anything that distracts me from the job or takes away my energy.''' ,'''Regarding the VAR, it is a tool that can undoubtedly make us better. You have to use it because it gives us a clearer view of reality when you have to make quick decisions.''' ,'''There is a great part of the professional world that I don't like.''' ,'''I understand football through the ball. There are others who interpret the game without the ball.''' ,'''It is not easy to change things in a footballer that other coaches told him were very good.''' ,'''I'm not going to tell Messi how to live his life - or anyone else, for that matter.''' ,'''I listen to everyone but I am the first to defend what I believe.''' ,'''When I arrived at Lugo, the whole world told me you can't play that football in Segunda B. I said we could, and was there six years.''' ,'''I will always try to make my team play well because that way we are more likely to win.''' ,'''In moments of frustration one may not have refined comments.''' ,'''I always tell the players that we have to expect the best version of our opposition.''' ,'''I told Cruyff I'd have given my little finger to have played for his team, but not just to play at Barcelona but for how they played, because I saw how the players enjoyed themselves.''' ,'''When I arrive at a club, I always look at it like I'm going to stay all my life. I couldn't work like I do otherwise.''' ,'''Speak to me about football; the rest doesn't interest me. The rest doesn't help me in my job.''' ,'''For many players the opportunity to be able to play with Messi represents a huge incentive.''' ,'''I would've coached Barcelona for free. Well, maybe not for free, but in almost any circumstance.''' ,'''It's true that you often have arguments with players as you do in everyday life and that's nothing new.''' ,'''I started to really watch football. To analyze it. To understand what I felt, and what I wanted to put into practice when I became a coach.''' ,'''I don't exhaust myself by reading or listening to the noise around me.''' ,'''I take into account the importance and the hierarchy of each player, but in a club like Barca with so many players... I know that some are going to get angry because not all are fit and it is a decision that I must take responsibility for, and that is what I do.''' ,'''We all have to sacrifice a part of ourselves, including the players, for the good of the team.''' ,'''I listen to everyone but I have my ideas... you know my ideas, my way of playing, and if I have to die by them I will.''' ,'''Every player has what they have but some outperform themselves. It's about learning and expanding your abilities and becoming even better still.''' ,'''When you don't win games everyone tries to stir the pot but this is the circus we're in.''' ,'''I think the best way to victory is to play well.''' ,'''I like to have fewer players. That way, everyone is plugged into what you're doing. There is a risk attached to that sometimes but it's good to have a smaller squad. People have more chance of playing; they're ready and more motivated. Having 18 real players is better than having 25 or 26 not playing.''' ,'''If you play badly and lose, you're left with nothing. If you lose but play well, you still have something. You have something to build on.''' ,'''I have convictions: once an idea's in my head, it's very hard to get it out.''' ,'''If a player is receptive and really wants to learn and improve, you might be surprised what they are capable of doing.''' ,'''What hurts me, and always had done, is picking teams and having to leave players out.''' ,'''Having the ball makes you a football player, not running after it.''' ,'''If I win playing badly, I will not go home happy and I will never tell the players that the result was worth it.''' ,'''I didn't think Barca could go for me, I have no honors, I don't have a great CV.''' ,'''I am a person with clear convictions.''' ,'''Yesterday I was walking past cows in my village and today I am at Barca, coaching the best players in the world. This is the pinnacle for me.''' ,'''I would like to be the champion by playing La Liga, winning it on the pitch.''' ,'''I have seen some great players doing wonderful things, but being so decisive for so long over 12 or 14 years as a professional, I think no player, maybe only Pele in his time, has shown that level. He shows it in every game. I don't know how many hat-tricks he's had.''' ,'''You read things in the papers but I never really expected Barcelona to choose me. It all happened in a hurry.''' ,'''VAR is a tool we have that can make us better. But we must use it and have a clearer vision of reality.''' ,'''Sometimes players aren't playing where they feel or play best, but they must put their all into what's best for the team.''' ,'''If there is something I don't like, I will say so.''' ,]
+++