+++
author = "Kim Coates"
title = "Kim Coates Quotes"
quotes_len = "6"
description = "the best 6 Kim Coates Quotes"
keywords = "kim coates,kim coates quotes,kim coates quote,kim coates sayings,kim coates saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know people have tattooed my 'Sons of Anarchy' photos, they've painted them, on their bikes. I've seen a few of those, sent to me through friends, where they've actually taken my 8x10 Tig photo and put it right on their bike.''' ,'''When I decided to go to university I didn't know what I wanted to do. When I had an opportunity to take an elective I took Drama by chance, even though I'd never taken a Drama course or even been in a play in high school. Two years later I was majoring in Drama and I knew I wanted to be an actor.''' ,'''I'm so not scary. I'm a pussycat. But what are you going to do, right? I mean, these cheekbones, and I guess these eyes, and the big nose... this is what my momma and my poppa gave to me, and that's the deal.''' ,'''I barely leave my cage, my house.''' ,'''It's not like I don't want to play the guy next door. But sometimes they're not the best written or the most complicated. But I am very, very particular about my bad boys. There are certain types of characters I will not play. I've said no so many times to so many parts that are just way too dark. You have to be careful.''' ,'''See, what I don't like listening to is when writers go, 'And then the person cries.' 'Or the person does this.' It's there, but it's not the Bible. I wait and see what happens to me on the day.''' ,]
+++