+++
author = "Rudy Gobert"
title = "Rudy Gobert Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Rudy Gobert Quotes"
keywords = "rudy gobert,rudy gobert quotes,rudy gobert quote,rudy gobert sayings,rudy gobert saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always wanted to be one of the best, make a mark on the history of the game. For me, for my country, for my family.''' ,'''It's a team game.''' ,'''That's what it's all about at the end of the day. What can you do? What difference can you make in the world?''' ,'''My goal is to protect the basket. Most of the time, I won't block the shot but I'm going to affect the shot or I'm going to affect the way they think.''' ,'''In Europe and FIBA, the game is a little slower and the court is a little smaller.''' ,'''It's not just about doing things in Utah or in France. It's about doing things everywhere and having an impact everywhere. There are a lot of charities that do a remarkable job that just don't have much light and much support.''' ,'''I'm just worried about winning and making my teammates better and getting better.''' ,'''To be honest, I love being in Utah so I think most people have the wrong idea about the city, about the place.''' ,'''My passion for gaming is well-known among both the Utah Jazz and my team in France.''' ,'''Everyone sees me as a defensive-minded guy, but both sides of the court are important. If you want to win, you have to be good on both sides.''' ,'''Like I always say, it's a five-on-five game.''' ,'''I don't watch college basketball.''' ,'''When you know what you want, you know where you want to go.''' ,'''It's great to communicate as a team.''' ,'''Once I got 13 or 14 years old, I started watching a lot of videos on YouTube and NBA.com and I started following the NBA ball.''' ,'''I'm very proud of where I'm from.''' ,'''It's a tremendous amount of fans in France that love basketball, that follow it every day even though the games are at like two or three in the morning.''' ,'''Some nights, you're tired. But I just like to go out there and help my team win and not let my team down. It's the least I can do.''' ,'''The more you see, the more you know, the more you feel like you can help others and the more you feel like you can help the team win.''' ,'''Goaltending, sometimes it's tough because you're in the air and you say, 'No, no. Don't take the ball.'''' ,'''First, I'm just trying to set screens for my teammates and then just be aggressive, make the right play.''' ,'''When I started to do it with precision, I realized how much setting good screens made us better as a team offensively. It made things easy for me and my teammates.''' ,'''You don't want your opponent to score. You don't want your guy to score and once you get better at it, you get used to it, it becomes a mindset. You just try to do it every game.''' ,'''I want to be an offensive player, too. Play low post, midrange, take jump shots, and just be the best I can be.''' ,'''It's about how you impact the game.''' ,'''Defense doesn't matter enough.''' ,'''I have a lot of pride.''' ,'''I'm learning not to try to block everything.''' ,'''I take a lot of pride in being healthy.''' ,'''Even though I didn't have a lot of material things, I had the love and education and all together a lot of kids don't have the same chances, so the goal is to give some chances to the kids that don't have it.''' ,'''When I was young, I didn't watch basketball, but I watched 'Space Jam' with Michael Jordan so he was my favorite player.''' ,'''I like 'Stifle Tower,' I like 'Gobzilla.' There's a lot of nicknames that are pretty cool.''' ,'''When we get bad shots, it's hard to rebound and it's also harder to come back in transition defense.''' ,'''I'm able to impact people's lives by the way I play, but there's so much more things I can do so there is no limit to what I can do.''' ,'''I haven't scratched the surface of what I can become offensively.''' ,'''I might win a championship. I might win two or three. I might not. The journey to get there is, for me, the most important.''' ,'''I'm just working every day and keep watching film and keep building chemistry with my teammates.''' ,'''You cannot be mad at somebody for wanting to play for another team.''' ,'''I think when you're a very good defensive team you give yourself a chance every night, on the road, at home, it's a big factor and something to build on.''' ,'''At the end of my life, I just want to make sure I made a big difference in this world.''' ,'''Obviously I think offensively, spacing for me as a guy that puts a lot of pressure on the rim is going to make it harder on a defense. They're going to have to make tougher decisions, and space is going to be way more open for all the guards, too.''' ,'''I'm prepared to guard anyone.''' ,'''I just wanted to keep getting better and better and better, and that's just my mindset.''' ,'''I think when you're a very good defensive team - it's very rare a team wins a championship when you're not a very good defensive team.''' ,'''I don't care about that All-Star bonus, to be honest. It's just about my legacy.''' ,'''I want to improve every part of my game.''' ,'''When you have a coach that is a competitor, that wants to win more than anything else, it really carries over to the team.''' ,'''I always love to help the community, to interact with the kids, with the fans. It doesn't matter who I am on the court, to me it's important.''' ,'''I want to stay with the Jazz.''' ,'''I think playoff experience matters for sure.''' ,'''I play every year to try to win.''' ,'''People watch the points, they watch the highlights. But the defense I think helps the offense.''' ,'''Obviously, the basketball career doesn't last forever.''' ,'''I mean, defense to me is something that when you watch a game you don't really pay attention to defense unless you're very - unless you're a specialist.''' ,'''Some games I'm going to get more blocks or they're going to do more mistakes and give up more baskets but some games I get zero blocks and I affect 20 shots.''' ,'''There are a lot of people that never thought I was going to be the guy that I am now. Now when I see them, it's fun to see how people are. I don't think they're being fake. I think now they just see me from a different eye.''' ,'''I was watching 'Space Jam' when I was a kid but that was pretty much the only thing I knew about the NBA.''' ,'''I just try to set good screens and get my teammates open.''' ,'''It hurts to see other people calling Jazz fans racist.''' ,'''Defense is the thing we can control and bring every night. But I want to be great on both ends.''' ,'''I want to be an All-Star. That's my goal. And win a title.''' ,'''I definitely want to be one of the best players in the history of the game. That's a good goal to have.''' ,'''Defense is so important for helping your team win games and for the game in general.''' ,'''I like to play basketball. Sometimes if someone takes that away from you, you've got to get in your feelings for a reason.''' ,'''I trust my teammates and their ability to be there when they have to be there. I'm going to be there when I have to be there for them.''' ,'''This is basketball. It's All-Star and all that stuff. That's not what it's really about. It's about making a difference and impacting the kids and helping people in need. That's what it's about.''' ,'''All the coaches preach about defense. Every day they talk about defense, they talk about how important it is to get stops in order to win basketball games.''' ,'''Bill Russell is one of the greatest players of all time.''' ,'''I think everybody needs to think about making plays for the team, making winning plays, before thinking about how many points we're going to score and stuff like that.''' ,'''Sometimes, I see the guys driving and they don't even look at the rim, they just dribble out so it's as good as a block or even better because I'm kind of laughing when I see that. That's what it's about.''' ,'''When you know where you want to go, you're mentally tough.''' ,'''I just try to do what I do by getting my teammates open and getting better at finishing and making plays when I can.''' ,'''I did some bad stuff. I don't remember what in particular, but I did some bad stuff. So the morning of Christmas, I wake up and my brother is there, my sister, my mom, everyone's got gifts and I can't find my gifts. No gifts. They acted like Santa didn't' bring me anything because I wasn't good.''' ,'''Sometimes when you lose a game, you win a game, you get stuck in the bubble.''' ,'''There's a lot of things you don't see on the stats.''' ,'''When someone throws an alley-oop and you finish, everyone's happy, the one who makes the pass and the one with the dunks. It's a great play.''' ,'''I'm going to make my own story for sure.''' ,'''It's good to be held accountable.''' ,'''I'm motivated every night.''' ,'''My mom probably has a record player. I might need to get one.''' ,'''The Defensive Player of the Year is the guy that makes his team better. Not only gets stats - it's the guy that also has an impact on his teammates and leadership.''' ,'''I don't want to be the guy that gets inspired by one player. I like to watch every player.''' ,'''I do a lot of things to help my team winning - set screens, roll into the rim, finishing. I think I can be even more than that.''' ,'''I don't like to fall short. It's tough. Just make the right play when I'm open, and I'll thrust to the rim and be aggressive.''' ,'''Defense doesn't sell as much as offense.''' ,'''In the playoffs, it's not going to be pretty. There's going to be some games where you don't score. But are you going to take a charge for a teammate?''' ,'''I have so many great memories of Christmas because we're always spending it with the family.''' ,'''It's something I take a lot of pride in doing, in being the best defensive player in the world, in helping my teammates every night.''' ,'''I've been away from my family even when I was in France.''' ,'''It has always been a dream to win either the Olympic gold medal or the World Cup.''' ,'''I just try to make the right play, stay aggressive and defensively just do what I do. I make sure I talk to everyone and control the paint.''' ,'''I'm working on my lower body, my explosiveness.''' ,'''Everything I do, I do it to win.''' ,'''Usually, I heal very fast.''' ,'''I'd take the Defensive Player of the Year any day over an All-Star selection. There's only one of these in the whole league every year.''' ,'''I'm always going to be about winning.''' ,'''For years now, I've used gaming to unwind and relax during the season. It's also how I manage to keep up with my friends when I'm on the road.''' ,'''You don't have to think, you just have to play hard on defense.''' ,'''I think I learned basketball. I learned a lot.''' ,'''I think I learned how it works in the league. When you are outside you don't understand everything, but when you are inside you can know how it works.''' ,]
+++