+++
author = "Lou Gehrig"
title = "Lou Gehrig Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Lou Gehrig Quotes"
keywords = "lou gehrig,lou gehrig quotes,lou gehrig quote,lou gehrig sayings,lou gehrig saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not a headline guy. I know that as long as I was following Ruth to the plate I could have stood on my head and no one would have known the difference.''' ,'''When you have a wonderful mother-in-law who takes sides with you in squabbles with her own daughter - that's something.''' ,'''There is no room in baseball for discrimination. It is our national pastime and a game for all.''' ,'''When you have a wife who has been a tower of strength and shown more courage than you dreamed existed - that's the finest I know.''' ,'''I might have had a tough break; but I have an awful lot to live for.''' ,'''The ballplayer who loses his head, who can't keep his cool, is worse than no ballplayer at all.''' ,'''In the beginning I used to make one terrible play a game. Then I got so I'd make one a week and finally I'd pull a bad one about once a month. Now, I'm trying to keep it down to one a season.''' ,'''What are you going to do? Admit to yourself that the pitchers have you on the point of surrender? You can't do that. You must make yourself think that the pitchers are just as good as they always have been or just as bad.''' ,'''I love to win; but I love to lose almost as much. I love the thrill of victory, and I also love the challenge of defeat.''' ,'''When you have a father and a mother who work all their lives so you can have an education and build your body - it's a blessing.''' ,]
+++