+++
author = "Jacque Fresco"
title = "Jacque Fresco Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Jacque Fresco Quotes"
keywords = "jacque fresco,jacque fresco quotes,jacque fresco quote,jacque fresco sayings,jacque fresco saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't get upset if people think I'm crazy. If you go to a mental hospital and someone calls you a name, would you get upset? Of course not. Well, that's the way I think about the world. They don't know any better.''' ,'''If we look at things scientifically, there is more than enough food and material goods on Earth to take care of all people's needs - if managed correctly.''' ,'''The future is fluid. Each act, each decision, and each development creates new possibilities and eliminates others. The future is ours to direct.''' ,'''In order to design a future of positive change, we must first become expert at changing our minds.''' ,'''While we cannot predict the future, we will most surely live it. Every action and decision we take - or don't - ripples into the future. For the first time, we have the capability, the technology, and the knowledge to direct those ripples.''' ,'''If science has a lot to do with what works, then clearly there's much about today's social and economic setup that isn't scientific, because things aren't working very well for a majority of the world's population or the environment.''' ,'''It takes a different value system if you wish to change the world.''' ,'''Many people feel that we need the rule of law to eliminate our problems. But is it more laws that we need? We have many laws - thousands upon thousands of them - but they are constantly being broken.''' ,'''Although many of us consider ourselves forward-thinkers, we still cling tenaciously to the old values of the monetary system. We accept, without sufficient consideration, a system that breeds inefficiencies and actually encourages the creation of shortages.''' ,'''To prepare for the future, we must be willing to test new concepts. This means we must acquire enough information to evaluate these concepts and not be like travelers in a foreign land who compare everything with their own hometown.''' ,'''Whatever happens in the world is real, what one thinks should have happened is projection. We suffer more from our fictitious illusion and expectations of reality.''' ,'''If we arrive at a saner world in which the maximum human potential is cultivated in every person, our descendants will not understand why our world produced only one Louis Pasteur, one Edison, one Tesla, or one Salk, and why great achievements in our age were the products of a relative few.''' ,'''Our leaders pay lip service to the freedoms that democracy provides while actually supporting an economic structure that imprisons its citizens under more and more debt.''' ,'''Today we have access to highly advanced technologies. But our social and economic system has not kept up with our technological capabilities that could easily create a world of abundance, free of servitude and debt.''' ,'''If we really wish to put an end to our ongoing international and social problems we must eventually declare Earth and all of its resources as the common heritage of all the world's people.''' ,'''You can play a role in the shaping of tomorrow's world by asking yourself questions like, 'What kind of world do I want to live in?' and 'What does democracy mean to me?'''' ,'''Man, in the collective sense, is the hero of science. Man, in the collective sense, is the hero of Earth.''' ,'''Many events in our lives are the result of things beyond our control. While it is comforting to think, 'I'm in charge,' in truth, most changes effected by individuals are very limited in scope.''' ,'''If our system continues without modification involving environmental and social concern, we will face an economic and social breakdown of our outdated monetary and political system.''' ,'''Our dominant values that emphasize competition and scarcity limit continued progress.''' ,'''Earth is abundant with plentiful resources. Our practice of rationing resources through monetary control is no longer relevant and is counter-productive to our survival.''' ,'''I would like to see an end to war, poverty, and unnecessary human suffering. But I can't see it in a monetary-based system where the richest nations control most of the world's resources.''' ,'''We are approaching a time when human intelligence alone will be incapable of managing a highly advanced society. Existing technologies are rapidly exceeding the human capacity to absorb and process information.''' ,'''With media companies today owned and sponsored by large corporations, it is difficult to know whether the news can be trusted.''' ,'''Even if the most ethical people were elected to high position and we ran out of resources, there would still be lying, cheating, stealing, and corruption. It is not ethical people that are needed but rather a way of intelligently managing the Earth's resources for everyone's well-being.''' ,'''Law is when you don't have a method of solving a problem... It's just nailing a proclamation on a wall saying, 'Don't do this.'''' ,'''Despite advances achieved through objective scientific investigation, and the breaking down of long-standing fears and superstitions, the world is still not a reasonable place. Many attempts to make it so have failed because of selfish individual and national interests.''' ,'''I don't believe in the Great Man theory of science or history. There are no great men, just men standing on the shoulders of other men and what they have done.''' ,'''With the observable fact that scientific knowledge makes our lives better when applied with concern for human welfare and environmental protection, there is no question that science and technology can produce abundance so that no one has to go without.''' ,'''The shape and solutions of the future rely totally on the collective effort of people working together. We are all an integral part of the web of life.''' ,]
+++