+++
author = "Xherdan Shaqiri"
title = "Xherdan Shaqiri Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Xherdan Shaqiri Quotes"
keywords = "xherdan shaqiri,xherdan shaqiri quotes,xherdan shaqiri quote,xherdan shaqiri sayings,xherdan shaqiri saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would love to stay in England, but I don't want to rule anything out.''' ,'''For me, it's important to feel good.''' ,'''If I were to leave Stoke, it would have to be a step up for me. Everything would have to be right.''' ,'''Of course it's a big change from Stoke to Liverpool. Liverpool is a big, big team.''' ,'''Liverpool is one of the best teams in the world - everybody can see that - and now we have to do it on the pitch.''' ,'''Inter's infrastructure is a shame, to be honest. That such a prestigious club does not find a way to invest in its infrastructure is disappointing.''' ,'''We have to try and win every game because all of them are important.''' ,'''I think my agents take care of my future.''' ,'''It's the most important thing - especially for a young player who wants to improve - to improve his talent and learn, and the best way to do that is to play in the games.''' ,'''Swiss guys are always exactly on time, but Albanians are not like this.''' ,'''English football is very offensive, all about fast attacks, and I like that.''' ,'''Some ex-football players, or ex-teammates, they spoke to the media, and it looks like I am a bad boy or something, but I've never been a bad boy or had some problems at a club!''' ,'''When I came to Stoke, I expected them to be moving forward, every year getting better, but it's not been like this.''' ,'''I have admired Jurgen Klopp for a long time because his teams play fantastic football, and he is a fantastic person.''' ,'''Here at Stoke, I cannot exert too much influence, simply because there is a lack of quality around me.''' ,'''I'm just a player who wants to work and who does my job every day, the same as I always did.''' ,'''I was born in Kosovo and grew up in Switzerland.''' ,'''With German teams, they always sit together - there are no phones on the table.''' ,'''Not everything depends on me. I can't dribble the ball all the way from the back to the front.''' ,'''I'm very proud with how my story has gone. I've played for some very big teams, and it is not normal how I got there. It is a dream for every player to have this kind of career, so I am very proud of this.''' ,'''I think, in football, you have always emotions.''' ,'''Klopp impresses me so much that I say I want to win the title for this man.''' ,'''Every player wants to play on the biggest stages in football. I have played for big teams. I know what it takes.''' ,'''I think my stats speak for themselves.''' ,'''We Shaqiris are observant Muslims, but we are a long way from everything extreme.''' ,'''I live the Swiss mentality but the Kosovo mentality too, because when I go home, I speak Albanian.''' ,'''My parents wanted me to stay in England because they love the football here and how the people feel about football. It was important for them, too, that I stayed in the Premier League.''' ,'''You have competition all over the world, not only in football, in normal life, too. Everyone fights for his place, but in the end, we have many games to play, and everybody is going to play games.''' ,'''It's very important to have a coach who wants to win every single game and who approaches them like they are not a problem - whether it is against Sunderland or Man City or against anyone.''' ,'''Everybody knows I'm a player who wants to play at the highest level; this is pretty normal.''' ,'''When I played for the Basel youth team, I also worked in a sweet shop.''' ,'''I have always wanted to play in the Premier League because I am a fast, strong player, and I think it will suit me.''' ,'''I am proud to have started in the Champions League.''' ,'''For me, nothing is impossible.''' ,'''I am the opposite of someone who is not professional.''' ,'''As I was always the youngest, I had to fight for everything.''' ,'''What if the coach of Kosovo wants me as the captain? Of course, I am thinking about it then.''' ,'''Every player wants to play. That's pretty normal. Every player is unhappy when he's on the bench. That's pretty normal, too. But it's football: only 11 players can start, and the coach has his game plan for each game.''' ,'''Whether players are from Albania or Yugoslavia is not important. What's important is to be a team on the pitch.''' ,'''I want to play in big games from the beginning and not just in the Bundesliga when everything is already decided.''' ,'''It was always my dream to come to the Premier League because I love this league, and I love this country. It's an amazing place.''' ,]
+++