+++
author = "Shakuntala Devi"
title = "Shakuntala Devi Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Shakuntala Devi Quotes"
keywords = "shakuntala devi,shakuntala devi quotes,shakuntala devi quote,shakuntala devi sayings,shakuntala devi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''At three, I fell in love with numbers. It was sheer ecstasy for me to do sums and get the right answers. Numbers were toys with which I could play.''' ,'''Many go through life afraid of numbers and upset by numbers. They would rather amble along through life miscounting, miscalculating and, in general, mismanaging their worldly affairs than make friends with numbers.''' ,'''Solving wits and puzzles, in a way, helps to develop wit and ingenuity.''' ,'''I cannot transfer my abilities to anyone, but I can think of quicker ways with which to help people develop numerical aptitude.''' ,'''Numbers have life; they're not just symbols on paper.''' ,'''I haven't had any formal education. Through the grace of god, I am gifted in mathematics and the English language.''' ,'''I relax completely when I'm at rest. I don't think of numbers; I don't think of work.''' ,'''Without mathematics, there's nothing you can do. Everything around you is mathematics. Everything around you is numbers.''' ,'''I don't even possess a car. I ride in auto-rickshaws because I like to be a part of the masses. I don't want to single myself out as someone up and above.''' ,'''Education is not just about going to school and getting a degree. It's about widening your knowledge and absorbing the truth about life.''' ,'''Why do children dread mathematics? Because of the wrong approach. Because it is looked at as a subject.''' ,'''Nobody challenges me. I challenge myself.''' ,'''I was performing at a New Jersey high school, and I asked a class of 2,000 students, 'How many of you love mathematics?' and only one hand went up. And that was the hand of the maths teacher!''' ,'''I have written a book called 'In the Wonderland of Numbers.' It's about a young girl, Neha, who is very poor in mathematics, but in a series of illusory experiences, she becomes a great mathematician.''' ,'''Knowing more about numbers and being acquainted with them will not only enrich our lives but also contribute towards managing our day to day affairs much better.''' ,'''I grew up in a semi-slum area in Gavipuram, Guttahalli.''' ,'''What is mathematics? It is only a systematic effort of solving puzzles posed by nature.''' ,'''Primes are the important main ingredient of numbers, for every number is either a prime or a product of primes.''' ,'''You develop a sympathy for all human beings when you travel a lot.''' ,'''I have a particular affection for zero because it was some of my countrymen who first gave it the status of a number.''' ,'''If you do not use a muscle or any part of the body, it tends to become atrophic. So is the case with the brain. The more you use it, the better it becomes.''' ,'''I have been running maths clubs for children completely free. In my building in Bangalore, I conduct maths clubs for several months, and every child who attended the club was poor in mathematics and is now showing brilliant results.''' ,'''I travelled round the world giving demonstrations of my talents. In every country, I performed for students, professors, teachers, bankers, accountants, and even laymen who knew very little, or nothing at all, about mathematics.''' ,'''The concept of zero is attributed to the Hindus. The Hindus were also the first to use zero in the way it is used today.''' ,'''Students shy away from Maths, but in reality Maths is the best friend of man.''' ,]
+++