+++
author = "Kym Marsh"
title = "Kym Marsh Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Kym Marsh Quotes"
keywords = "kym marsh,kym marsh quotes,kym marsh quote,kym marsh sayings,kym marsh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do like to think I'm a bit of a fighter. There have been plenty of times when I have felt like not getting out of bed. Things do hurt me, but I dust myself off and get on with it.''' ,'''I've suffered a little bit with depression in the past and I also have friends who have gone through depression.''' ,'''Love's hard. It's hard work. No one tells you that.''' ,'''I liked singing, but I didn't like all the politics and nonsense that went with it.''' ,'''Nigel Lythgoe famously said that I was fat on national TV. He did apologise for that - not on camera, but he did apologise.''' ,'''Life is for living and there is only one way to go - unless you are prepared to sink and go down with the ship, which I don't choose to do.''' ,'''To be in a soap you have to be someone who is prepared to be at the grindstone, because it's all hands on deck.''' ,'''I worked a little bit with Cathy Tyson. I remember 'Band of Gold' quite clearly. I just think she's a fantastic actress, and it was brilliant to work with her. She was great fun and we got on really well.''' ,'''I'm a huge romantic but I've been unlucky in love.''' ,'''Myself and Alison King have a lot of fun working together - we always have.''' ,'''There's that term 'growing old gracefully' but why should you? There's nothing wrong with a little tweak here and there if it's right for you.''' ,'''We all have to start somewhere but I don't miss the music industry.''' ,'''So many people break up after the loss of a child; it can be very destructive to a relationship.''' ,'''I'm a huge romantic but I've been unlucky in love. My mum and dad have been together since my mum was 18 and the problem with that is that me and my sister are always looking for my dad. And he doesn't exist because, well, Dad's Dad!''' ,'''I'm from a family of fighters. My mum and dad have had their share of bad times and struggles when dad lost his business and then had a cardiac arrest, but they've always battled on.''' ,'''Coronation Street' in my opinion is based on strong, feisty women and downtrodden men - that's what the show has always been about.''' ,'''No relationship is perfect and people who say they don't argue are either liars or biting their tongues all the time.''' ,'''When I had David and Emily I was a stay-at-home mum and I only went out to work when Emily was three.''' ,'''When you do things they're absolutely right at that time for you and it can always teach you something about yourself. You can take away something from any mistake that you made in life, so it's not been in vain.''' ,]
+++