+++
author = "Janis Joplin"
title = "Janis Joplin Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Janis Joplin Quotes"
keywords = "janis joplin,janis joplin quotes,janis joplin quote,janis joplin sayings,janis joplin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Being an intellectual creates a lot of questions and no answers.''' ,'''Audiences like their blues singers to be miserable.''' ,'''My father wouldn't get us a TV, he wouldn't allow a TV in the house.''' ,'''Guess what, I might be the first hippie pinup girl.''' ,'''You got to get it while you can.''' ,'''Rock on out.''' ,'''Oh Lord, won't you buy me a Mercedes Benz.''' ,'''I got treated very badly in Texas. They don't treat beatniks too good in Texas. Port Arthur people thought I was a beatnik, though they'd never seen one and neither had I.''' ,'''If I hold back, I'm no good. I'm no good. I'd rather be good sometimes, than holding back all the time.''' ,'''I've been looking around, and I noticed something: how much you really need to be loved. Ambition isn't just a desperate quest for positions or money. It's just love - lots of love.''' ,'''All of a sudden, someone threw me in front of this rock and roll band. And I decided then and there that was it. I never wanted to do anything else.''' ,'''Who you are is what you settle for, you know?''' ,'''Billie Holiday, Aretha Franklin. Now, they are so subtle, they can milk you with two notes. They can make you feel like they told you the whole universe. But I don't know that yet. All I got now is strength. Maybe if I keep singing, maybe I'll get it.''' ,'''I'm one of those regular weird people.''' ,'''When I sing, I feel like when you're first in love. It's more than sex. It's that point two people can get to they call love, when you really touch someone for the first time, but it's gigantic, multiplied by the whole audience. I feel chills.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an artist, whatever that was, like other chicks want to be stewardesses. I read. I painted. I thought.''' ,'''I won't quit to become someone's old lady.''' ,'''I'm a victim of my own insides. There was a time when I wanted to know everything. It used to make me very unhappy, all that feeling. I just didn't know what to do with it. But now I've learned to make that feeling work for me.''' ,'''You know why we're stuck with the myth that only black people have soul? Because white people don't let themselves feel things.''' ,'''Texas is OK if you want to settle down and do your own thing quietly, but it's not for outrageous people, and I was always outrageous.''' ,'''On stage, I make love to 25,000 different people, then I go home alone.''' ,'''Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.''' ,'''Playing is just about feeling. Playing isn't necessarily about misery. Playing isn't necessarily about happiness. But it's just about letting yourself feel all those things that you have already on the inside of you, but you're all the time trying to push them aside because they don't make for polite conversation or something.''' ,'''I have to have the 'umph.' I've got to feel it, because if it's not getting through to me, the audience sure as hell aren't going to feel it either.''' ,'''On stage I make love to twenty five thousand people; and then I go home alone.''' ,'''As it gets closer and more probable, being a star is really losing its meaning.''' ,'''I can't talk about my singing. I'm inside it. How can you describe something you're inside of?''' ,]
+++