+++
author = "Julianna Margulies"
title = "Julianna Margulies Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Julianna Margulies Quotes"
keywords = "julianna margulies,julianna margulies quotes,julianna margulies quote,julianna margulies sayings,julianna margulies saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Isn't there a danger with Tweeting, like drunk dialing? Isn't there a drunk Tweeting danger?''' ,'''I'd rather go back to waitressing than play a character that I hate.''' ,'''The room is full of such talent. It's a beautiful thing about the SAG Awards. It's the most rewarding room to be in as an actor.''' ,'''I am such a scaredy-cat.''' ,'''I feel a tremendous responsibility to my crew, to my cast, to every guest star that comes on.''' ,'''The reason I met my husband was because I remembered a friend's birthday. The moral of the story is: Remember people's birthdays.''' ,'''That's what I love about acting, you get to find little pieces of yourself in every character you play.''' ,'''I'm a believer in 'Ignorance is bliss.'''' ,'''I love making money, but you can't live your life waiting to get rich in a job that no longer feeds you artistically.''' ,'''I'm the kind of person who always has to be on time and I'm incredibly professional.''' ,'''Do what you love doing.''' ,'''I don't have a lot of stomach for people who don't show up to a set knowing their lines because you're keeping 150 people waiting.''' ,'''I've always had a tomboy quality to me that I embrace and don't run away from. At the same time I'm a real girlie-girl.''' ,'''It might be scary because you're taking a risk, but at the end of the day you can say you tried.''' ,'''I was never much of a kid person. I mean, I thought they were cute to look at, but I didn't want them in my house.''' ,'''I've done so many independent movies I'm sure no one will ever see, but I've loved the work.''' ,'''I think the whole world should try not talking for a day.''' ,'''I don't see scary movies. I've never seen 'The Exorcist' or 'Jaws'.''' ,'''I love being my husband's wife.''' ,'''I don't understand executives that pit women against each other, the fact that they brought in 'Body of Proof,' Dana Delaney is a friend of mine, and the two of us were just rolling our eyes, it's like, of course, you finally have two great female leads and you're going to put us on against each other.''' ,'''I would have gone to law school, or gotten a psychology degree. I wasn't interested in sleeping on a futon forever. And what happened is I walked into auditions, and I had nothing to lose, because I had a backup plan.''' ,'''I drink too much coffee.''' ,'''I love being one half of a romantic couple.''' ,'''The red carpet is really the only thing that makes me nervous.''' ,'''A good wife is someone who thinks she has done everything right: raising the kids, being there for the husband, being home, trying to do it all.''' ,'''I can tend to over-think things.''' ,'''I think that power comes in numbers, and we're in an industry where the actors need to have a bigger voice.''' ,'''I got pregnant at 40 by surprise. It's funny, because when we found out we were pregnant, I said, 'Okay, let's experience that.' You just have to just go with it because it's rare.''' ,'''I think you're much more approachable when you're on a small screen.''' ,'''I am a big believer in women's lib, but I love when a man holds a door for me.''' ,'''I feel responsible that everyone has a really wonderful experience and to do the best work possible, and to always know my lines and to always be on time and to bring a level to the show in terms of quality that other people will follow.''' ,'''If you walk down the street and smile at someone, that will get passed on to the next person. That has the power to change someone's day.''' ,'''I'm one of those strange people: I really love going to the gym.''' ,'''Small gestures can have a big impact.''' ,'''It's one thing in this business to actually work. 5 percent of the Screen Actors' Guild works. It's another thing to do work that's satisfying and that people are loving.''' ,'''I think the whole under-eye-bag thing is hereditary, and I just got lucky.''' ,'''I know this is going to sound corny, but I love my life. I love my baby, so I love getting to wake up with him. And I have the most amazing job, with writing that any actor would love and costars who I can't wait to see on Monday mornings. And I love coming home to my husband.''' ,]
+++