+++
author = "Violet Chachki"
title = "Violet Chachki Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Violet Chachki Quotes"
keywords = "violet chachki,violet chachki quotes,violet chachki quote,violet chachki sayings,violet chachki saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's very important to have visual representation, to show that queers are important, queers are powerful, queers are beautiful, queers are valid, and you can't erase us.''' ,'''I don't pretend to be an eco-warrior; I need to perform in an air-conditioned space otherwise my make-up will melt off. But I definitely buy clothes with longevity in mind; I love the idea of a shoe that lasts a lifetime.''' ,'''I love burlesque. I'm a decent aerialist. I think I set myself apart visually.''' ,'''I've always been a rule-breaker and a rebel. For me, drag has always been about rebellion, but also escapism. I think being able to creatively direct your own world is super powerful - and it's beautiful.''' ,'''I've always been inspired by strong, confident, powerful women.''' ,'''I don't want to look like a woman. I want to look like a drawing of a woman.''' ,'''I started as an inexperienced drag queen with awful makeup serving daiquiris to obnoxious bachelorette parties.''' ,'''I had to change foundations four or five times and I finally found one that I think my skin agrees with.''' ,'''Well, I was raised in the south, so it's like Bible belt vibes. I went to Catholic school, so I had a male uniform my whole life. I always had very specific gender roles with hair and makeup and nails. Every single little aspect of me was gendered and then I was told aesthetically what was allowed per my gender.''' ,'''Sometimes, when I am in a moment of self-doubt, I think - you're Violet Chachki, you can do and achieve whatever you want.''' ,'''My solo show, 'A Lot More Me,' is part drag show, part burlesque show, part circus show, and part fashion show.''' ,'''Costuming and clothing plays a really important role in my drag.''' ,'''Drag is all about taking references, taking pop culture and flipping it on its head.''' ,'''My drag character is very dominant and domineering, and that's a quality that I am inspired by.''' ,'''There are so many drag queens on 'Drag Race.' In order to have a fulfilling career, you have to do well on the show. You have to make yourself stand out.''' ,'''To the fashion world, a man in a dress will always be camp. But in the drag world, you have specific genres. So for me, for instance, I'm most categorized as a 'look queen.'''' ,'''I really really love Atlanta. There are tons of amazing artists.''' ,'''I've always been into subcultures. In the '50s and '60s, what Pierre Molinier was doing was super subculture - he was taking self-portraits, it was very private, very intimate. I think that's actually how I started my drag - in my bedroom, taking MacBook self-portraits.''' ,'''I have an amazing collaborative relationship with Albert Sanchez and Pedro Zalba. They always understand my vision and also have their own references to bring to the table, the results are always incredible.''' ,'''I can definitely make sample size work.''' ,'''I'm living and doing my work on my own terms. It's a lot of pressure, not just for the audience, but for myself.''' ,'''Every old Hollywood starlet would sing in movies, there'd always be some big dance sequence. Think of Marilyn Monroe singing 'Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend.'''' ,'''I've always really loved cinematography and glamorous old Hollywood movies and they go hand in hand.''' ,'''Skincare is a journey for everyone. Everyone's skin is different, so there's no one answer.''' ,'''I've always dreamed of creating my own show.''' ,'''I've traveled to the most glamorous places in the world, the biggest capitals of culture, and I've traveled to the biggest fuddy-duddy, slum life nowheresvilles... so I've seen a ton of stuff. I've been physically attacked at a McDonald's in Perth, Australia, in full drag.''' ,'''I think Atlanta has been a drag capital for a long time. A lot of people get there start here.''' ,'''The drag culture in the States is very rich and has a lot of history behind it.''' ,'''I think barefaced, minimal makeup happens mostly on editorial shoots. And I've taken a swing at minimal makeup here and there, but I think a lot of what drag celebrates is the opposite of that. I think the inauthenticity and the hyperfemininity is part of why it's so celebrated.''' ,'''A Lot More Me' is the culmination of 10 years of work as a drag artist.''' ,'''I like being in control and having total creative freedom.''' ,'''I've always wanted to put my drag character in film because you can have total control over what you're projecting, what image you're portraying.''' ,'''The costume world - whether it be movies, television or drag - and the fashion world have this weird, ugly stepsister, love/hate relationship. I'm somewhere stuck in the middle of it, and it's so much fun.''' ,'''I've always been interested in androgyny and a lot of my work explores gender identity.''' ,'''I started doing drag as a form of rebellion and expression and then I got attention and it snowballed.''' ,'''I'm like a cross between Bettie Page and Lady Miss Kier but a guy.''' ,'''I'm a visual person, and I love visual extremes and aesthetic discipline.''' ,'''I was constantly getting in trouble, constantly trying to break the rules. Even when I was coming up in the drag scene, I was known as sort of the rule breaker, the rebel, the bad girl.''' ,'''Where I come from, camp was kind of looked down upon because the drag queens that I grew up with took themselves so seriously.''' ,'''I have a lot of young followers, and I try to instill a sense of strength for the next generation, because it's not easy.''' ,'''I'm from Atlanta, which is the capital of drag, so very competitive. For my first booking in 2011 I was paid $35, I did three performances and a call back so that's four looks.''' ,'''That's what I really love about glamour and drag; it's about celebrating femininity and fun, while being really provocative.''' ,'''I get asked really dumb questions.''' ,'''Much of life is performative.''' ,'''It's not my thing to dance in my living room on a livestream, so I'm really having to figure out ways to elevate the digital world and bring it to the level that I've held my drag at for so long.''' ,'''I really would like to be an advocate for LGBT youth or transgender youth, or transgender people in general.''' ,'''For me and my drag, I think camp is about exaggeration and artifice and the celebration of superficiality. A lot of my fans look up to me as a figure of femininity but that's all artifice. That's all fake and that's campy within itself, and so that's what resonates to me: the seriousness and the funniness and the artifice and the exaggeration.''' ,'''When I was smelling Heretic for the first time, I was impressed because it was organic-smelling and light and refreshing and natural and not overbearing at all and not too synthetic or floral. It doesn't smell like you're wearing cotton candy.''' ,'''It's probably the best feeling ever, taking off your corset after a long night.''' ,'''I've always put a lot of stock in aesthetics and visuals. I truly believe a picture is worth a thousand words and that fashion and glamour have the power to transport and transform someone.''' ,'''There's so many different identities out there and I think they all deserve some visibility.''' ,'''A word of advice for all the aspiring drag queens out there: be resourceful.''' ,'''My whole confidence is almost a 'fake it 'til you make it' kind of thing.''' ,'''What's holding us back from being free is fear. Whether it be fear of those on the outside who don't understand queer people or any other minority, or the actual minorities themselves being scared. The lack of freedom we experience is all tied to fear.''' ,'''I just love glamour so any time period that had a lot of excess and glamour, I draw inspiration from. All the stuff from the 60s and 70s, very specific times in the 80s.''' ,'''You're not alone if you have skin problems or if makeup is irritating you.''' ,'''Notes on 'Camp' talks a lot about homosexuality and androgyny and performance and a false seriousness, nit-picking the trivial things and making them funny. And that's exactly what drag does. Reading through the entire essay I couldn't help but relate all of it back to drag.''' ,'''The reason I started drag in the first place is because I felt like I never really fit in, and I still don't feel like I fit in to any of those places: the drag world, the circus world or the burlesque world. I'm kinda this combination of everything, so it made sense to me that I'd set out to do my own solo show.''' ,'''I draw a lot of inspiration from different time periods.''' ,'''My name itself is extremely campy. Violet Chachki literally translates to purple doodad.''' ,'''I'm not a trendy person, I don't like to be.''' ,'''A reveal should be unexpected and clever.''' ,'''At things like DragWorld and Drag Con, you see young people come out in droves and be moved to tears, or hear their stories about how they found strength in what we do.''' ,'''I think I always knew aesthetically what excited me the most, and I think I was always looking for that aesthetic in other people and it didn't really happen. I decided to take it upon myself to be the change I wanted to see in nightlife.''' ,'''To be honest, I'm kind of a Grinch.''' ,'''I'm a fashion hoarder. I have a ton of stuff, and I like to cycle it out to have room for more stuff.''' ,'''I'm proud of what I've accomplished and that is empowering.''' ,'''Getting success really quickly - overnight success - it's a bit jarring at first, for sure, to transition into that.''' ,'''I've always been inspired by vintage clothing and vintage styles.''' ,'''No one should be gatekeeping clothing of any kind.''' ,'''There's something really intimate about getting in drag in your bedroom in the safety of your own home.''' ,'''For me, makeup will always be about glamour, fantasy, and escapism!''' ,'''It's easier when you're just upfront with somebody. You can just learn and grow from it.''' ,'''I have a lamp problem. I'm addicted to lamps.''' ,'''I definitely think that I, as a drag queen, can endure pain a lot better than most people.''' ,'''Being a drag superstar, traveling the world and touring, it really is not as glamorous as you'd think it is. There's lots of airport drama and bags and buses and hotels. Dating and having a social life are impossible.''' ,'''Glamour has the potential to be very powerful in that way without saying anything.''' ,'''I feel like I have a legacy that I've built. I feel like I've made my little notch in history.''' ,'''I perform in theaters, international stages with people screaming for me, and then I go back to my hotel room, take all my makeup off, and I'm alone.''' ,'''I just love a little bit of tinted moisturiser or an SPF on days where I don't have to wear any makeup. Giving your skin a break is crucial and there's actually a bit of glamour in beautiful skincare and no makeup days.''' ,'''Oh I love not wearing makeup, that's like my favourite thing.''' ,'''I've always been inspired by Thierry Mugler and John Galliano.''' ,'''For me, drag is about two things - confidence and glamour. Drag is about using artiface and illusion to tap into the self-confidence we all have. And glamour is about taking what you have naturally and showcasing in a way that makes you feel good. It's truly a practice in faking it until you make it.''' ,'''I mean, casting gender non-conforming people in campaigns and editorials and on covers of magazines is a risk for any business because there's going to be controversy, but I think they need to take the risk and believe they're moving in the right direction.''' ,'''You always have to try something to know what's gonna happen next.''' ,'''I vividly remember hearing the car pull into the driveway and looking into the mirror on my mom's vanity with a face full of makeup and the counter below me a mess; it sent me into complete panic mode. From there, I would steal bits of makeup where I could to start my own little collection and play in my bedroom with the door locked.''' ,'''Showing variety in representation in casting is super important, it gives minorities a platform and I think it definitely creates a safe space for conversation and progress.''' ,'''Drag Race' is a huge opportunity for us to elevate drag culture, to tell our stories. It really is a career-maker.''' ,'''I don't necessarily like being a TV personality, I just want to be an artist.''' ,'''I always have been excited by taboo things, especially growing up, going to Catholic school.''' ,'''If you were supposed to be a drag queen, and that's what you wanted to do, you'd be doing it already, you wouldn't be in my DMs asking me how to do so. When I started I was ugly, but I didn't think I was ugly. You have to not dream it, but be it - that's it.''' ,'''I had always watched HGTV with my mom when I was very young, we would cuddle and watch interior design shows. I think those TV shows are what made me start thinking about aesthetics in a critical way. I think I could always tell when a person or an item was different or expensive or well designed and that was always exciting to me to see.''' ,'''I am, by nature, not optimistic: my fellow drag queens would probably describe me as a pessimist.''' ,'''I'm not a social justice warrior - that was never my goal, to be a political figurehead.''' ,'''There's nothing I love more than admiring the details and embellishments on the works of art that I wear.''' ,'''In the drag community it's mostly women in the audience, even for burlesque. I think people look at strippping as a male gaze thing and I think the actual neo-classical burlesque community is more about women supporting women and their creativity, along with freedom of expression.''' ,'''I use glamour as a tool, almost like armor to confidently take up space, to provoke questions and conversations about society and gender norms.''' ,'''It feels like a lot of times when I'm watching people perform, they're just going through the motions and checking boxes. Costume - good, hair - good, make-up - good, death drop - good; it's like they're just going through a checklist of what makes a 'good performance' but it's not entertaining, it's very disposable.''' ,'''I just take inspiration from anything that visually stimulates me.''' ,]
+++