+++
author = "Mickey Rooney"
title = "Mickey Rooney Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Mickey Rooney Quotes"
keywords = "mickey rooney,mickey rooney quotes,mickey rooney quote,mickey rooney sayings,mickey rooney saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just want to make sure that I give the animators everything they need, so they have plenty of choices to match their animation.''' ,'''I was about six years old when I did 'Orchids and Ermine.' They dressed me in a suit, put a mustache under my nose, a cigar in my mouth, a cane in my hand, and a hat on my head.''' ,'''Change is an opportunity for everybody to think.''' ,'''I don't drink. I don't smoke. I don't drink coffee. Starbucks is not going to make any money on me.''' ,'''When I was nineteen years old, I was the number-one star for two years. When I was forty, nobody wanted me. I couldn't get a job.''' ,'''This is the kind of world I was born in, one in which I had only one reason for existence: pleasing others.''' ,'''Sometimes the transition from being in control of your life to having absolutely no control is swift, but other times it is so gradual that you wonder exactly when it truly began.''' ,'''I just want to be a professional. I couldn't live without acting.''' ,'''All I want is to live a peaceful life, to regain my life and be happy.''' ,'''Judy Garland was a different type of entertainer. She was a dancer, a singer, and an incurable romantic.''' ,'''Women liked me because I made them laugh.''' ,'''Always get married in the morning. That way if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted the whole day.''' ,'''I'm a ham who wants to be a small part of anything.''' ,'''I was born in Brooklyn, delivered by a Chinese doctor on a table in a boarding house on Sept. 23, 1920.''' ,'''The audience and I are friends. They allowed me to grow up with them. I've let them down several times. They've let me down several times. But we're all family.''' ,'''My money was stolen from me. I was eventually stripped of the ability to make even the most basic decisions... my daily life became unbearable.''' ,'''Don't break me up - I wouldn't offend any person, be they black, Asian or whatever.''' ,'''All the muddy waters of my life cleared up when I gave myself to Christ.''' ,'''When I say I do, the justice of the peace replies, 'I know, I know...'''' ,'''God bless the universe, God bless Japanese, Chinese, Indians, all of them, and let's have peace.''' ,'''Show me a man with a million dollars, and I'll show you a million guys trying to take it away from him.''' ,'''I'm the only man in the world with a marriage licence made out to whom it may concern.''' ,'''Everything is about looking for happiness and God. That was a sentiment shared by my dear friend Ronald Reagan.''' ,'''I've been stealing scenes all my life.''' ,'''I made all these great musicals with Judy Garland. It was all about me going into a barn and saying: 'Let's put on a show.' That's what me and Judy did.''' ,'''I didn't want to be short. I've tried to pretend that being a short guy didn't matter. I tried to make up for being short by affecting a strut, by adopting the voice of a much bigger man, by spending more money than I made, by tipping double or triple at bars and restaurants, by dating tall, beautiful women.''' ,'''Ray Pearson, played for UCLA. He's a friend of mine.''' ,'''I didn't ask to be short. I didn't want to be short. I've tried to pretend that being a short guy didn't matter.''' ,'''I was a gnomish prodigy - half-human, half-goblin, man-child, child-man.''' ,'''I'm 5 feet 3, but I was 6 feet 4 when I married Ava.''' ,'''I think without a doubt there will never be a voice like Judy Garland.''' ,'''To those seniors, and especially elderly veterans like myself, I want to tell you this: You are not alone, and you having nothing to be ashamed of. If elder abuse happened to me, it can happen to anyone. I want you to know that you deserve better.''' ,'''I tried to make up for being 5 ft. 3 in. by affecting a strut and adopting the voice of a much bigger man... dating tall, beautiful women... But nothing I could do, after Ava had left me, would add a single inch to my height.''' ,'''I always say, 'Don't retire - inspire.'''' ,'''If Barbra Steisand wants to make a picture called 'My Pink Fingernail,' the studios will go, 'Gee, Barbra, what a wonderful idea! Money is no object! Take two years in preproduction and write the music, and you'll direct.'''' ,'''A lot of people have asked me how short I am. Since my last divorce, I think I'm about $100,000 short.''' ,'''I buy women shoes and they use them to walk away from me.''' ,'''I keep going because if you stop, you stop. Why retire? Inspire.''' ,'''Joe Louis was one of my closest friends.... I'm a great boxing fan. I used to go to the American Legion Stadium in Hollywood, every Friday night for 15 years. Down the aisle would come Lupe Velez, Johnny Weismuller, Mae West. All at ringside.''' ,'''If you listen, you'll learn. If you talk over each other, you don't accomplish anything.''' ,'''Everyone who worked on 'The Fox and the Hound' is important. We're all lucky to be in a business that we love.''' ,'''Love wears off too quickly.''' ,'''There are people who think they know everything about everything. What they don't know is that every moment is a learning moment.''' ,'''Love lasts only for months, sometimes only for minutes. But if you like somebody, it's for a lifetime!''' ,'''I was a thirteen-year-old boy for thirty years.''' ,'''You always pass failure on your way to success.''' ,'''I came from a poor family. My father was from Glasgow, Scotland; my mother's brothers were brakemen on the railroad. We didn't have anything but mush for breakfast.''' ,'''Yeah, a few of the films I made were so bad they didn't get released - they escaped.''' ,'''I don't regret anything I've ever done. I only wish I could have done more.''' ,'''You've got to recognize, there will never be another you. It has nothing to do with ego; it happens to be the truth. There will never be another person the same. There'll never be another you.''' ,]
+++