+++
author = "Jack Kevorkian"
title = "Jack Kevorkian Quotes"
quotes_len = "77"
description = "the best 77 Jack Kevorkian Quotes"
keywords = "jack kevorkian,jack kevorkian quotes,jack kevorkian quote,jack kevorkian sayings,jack kevorkian saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've seen schizophrenics who are so hopeless, you couldn't cheer them, and their lives are miserable and they end up as suicides. That's not right.''' ,'''The American people are sheep. They're comfortable, rich, working. It's like the Romans, they're happy with bread and their spectator sports. The Super Bowl means more to them than any right.''' ,'''How can you regret helping a suffering patient?''' ,'''I knew I was getting into one of the most illegal things in the world. It was the right thing to do.''' ,'''Among doctors in general, I think more than half support what I'm doing.''' ,'''When your conscience says law is immoral, don't follow it.''' ,'''Look at the forces against me. They don't want me out. They're afraid I'll cause trouble if I get out.''' ,'''When history looks back, it will prove what I'll die knowing.''' ,'''What looks like enjoyment is the sneer of contempt. That's not a smile.''' ,'''This is not a trial. This is a lynching. There is no law.''' ,'''You can cite me for contempt, Your Honor. I don't care.''' ,'''Am I a criminal? The world knows I'm not a criminal. What are they trying to put me in jail for? You've lost common sense in this society because of religious fanaticism and dogma.''' ,'''You're basing your laws and your whole outlook on natural life on mythology. It won't work. That's why you have all these problems in the world. Name them: India, Pakistan, Ireland. Name them-all these problems. They're all religious problems.''' ,'''If a man is terrified, it's up to me to dispel that terror.''' ,'''Anytime you interfere with a natural process, you're playing God. God determines what happens naturally. That means when a person's ill, he shouldn't go to a doctor because he's asking for interference with God's will. But of course, patients can't think that way.''' ,'''What I think a doctor should do is prevent disease, by any means necessary.''' ,'''Yes, we need euthanasia, for certain cases where people are in comas or too immobile to even press a button.''' ,'''The patient's autonomy always, always should be respected, even if it is absolutely contrary - the decision is contrary to best medical advice and what the physician wants.''' ,'''You've gotta know what death is to know life!''' ,'''I will go to what they call a court. Only they call it a court.''' ,'''There's no doubt I expect to die in prison.''' ,'''Maybe I won't stay out of prison. Who knows?''' ,'''Freedom has a price. Most people aren't willing to pay it.''' ,'''I'm not the kind of guy who has best friends.''' ,'''I'm for absolute autonomy of the individual, and an adult, competent woman has absolute autonomy. It's her choice.''' ,'''I suppose, if helping a patient die is killing, I suppose I'm a killer.''' ,'''My ultimate aim is to make euthanasia a positive experience.''' ,'''I can paint in jail.''' ,'''Many support what I am doing.''' ,'''My intent was to carry out my duty as a doctor, to end their suffering. Unfortunately, that entailed, in their cases, ending of the life.''' ,'''I don't enjoy good food. I don't enjoy flashy cars. I don't care if I live in a dump. I don't enjoy good clothes. This is the best I've dressed in months.''' ,'''All the big powers they've silenced me. So much for free speech and choice on this fundamental human right.''' ,'''She made the decision that her existence had lost its meaning. And you cannot judge that.''' ,'''I think the Supreme Court does have the authority, which is not used, to declare a blanket right for all people, all adults.''' ,'''I didn't do this for other people; I did this for me. I fought for this right for me - does that sound selfish?''' ,'''We are all terminal.''' ,'''The patient decides when it's best to go.''' ,'''If you don't have liberty and self-determination, you've got nothing, that's what this is what this country is built on. And this is the ultimate self-determination, when you determine how and when you're going to die when you're suffering.''' ,'''I have no regrets, none whatsoever.''' ,'''I'd find it demeaning to be cleaning toilets.''' ,'''This could never be a crime in any society which deems himself enlightened.''' ,'''I'm not radical.''' ,'''Let's hope you feel better now.''' ,'''First of all, do any of you here think it's a crime to help a suffering human end his agony? Any of you think it is? Say so right now. Well, then, what are we doing here?''' ,'''Five to six thousand people die every year waiting for organs, but nobody cares.''' ,'''The Supreme Court of the United States... has validated the Nazi method of execution in... concentration camps, starving them to death.''' ,'''The law is cruel.''' ,'''I'm trying to knock the medical profession into accepting its responsibilities, and those responsibilities include assisting their patients with death.''' ,'''The single worst moment of my life... was the moment I was born.''' ,'''I always said all my life if I wasn't born and they gave me the question I'd say I don't want to be born.''' ,'''If Christ can die in a barn, I think the death of a human in a van is not so bad.''' ,'''I hate to say this, but I'll repeat it: After death, all we know that you do is stink.''' ,'''I will admit, like Socrates and Aristotle and Plato and some other philosophers, that there are instances where the death penalty would seem appropriate.''' ,'''I want some colleague to be free to come help me when I say the time has come. That's what I'm fighting for, me. Now that sounds selfish. And if it helps somebody else, so be it.''' ,'''The law doesn't create a right.''' ,'''None of them want to delay. Understand that. None of them.''' ,'''Fear controls you.''' ,'''My religion centers in different areas than what's considered conventional religion.''' ,'''There is nothing anyone can do anyway. The public has no power. The government knows I'm not a criminal. The parole board knows I'm not a criminal. The judge knows I'm not a criminal.''' ,'''The Jews were gassed. Armenians were killed in every conceivable way... So the Holocaust doesn't interest me, see? They've had a lot of publicity, but they didn't suffer as much.''' ,'''I don't crave publicity, you know.''' ,'''I'm not a romantic.''' ,'''I'm not lying to myself like most people.''' ,'''Listen, when you take my liberty away, you've taken away more-something more precious than life. I mean, what good is a life without liberty? Huh? None.''' ,'''I don't persuade to suicide.''' ,'''What are friends? Some people are nice. Some people aren't. There are some I'm fairly close with... we talk.''' ,'''Rotten travesty. Yeah. Send me to jail for contempt. Try that. Go ahead.''' ,'''I am not a sentimental person.''' ,'''A transfer of money should never be involved in this profound situation. Although illness is profound, too, but medicine's a business today. It's a business.''' ,'''Everyone is going to die.''' ,'''It's the boredom that kills you. You read until you're tired of that. You do crossword puzzles until you're tired of that. This is torture. This is mental torture.''' ,'''Not one has shown an iota of fear of death. They want to end this agony.''' ,'''Liberty means more to me than life itself.''' ,'''I gambled and I lost. I failed in securing my options for this choice for myself, but I succeeded in verifying the Dark Age is still with us.''' ,'''As a medical doctor, it is my duty to evaluate the situation with as much data as I can gather and as much expertise as I have and as much experience as I have to determine whether or not the wish of the patient is medically justified.''' ,'''I would not want to live with a tube in my neck and not be able to move a finger. I wouldn't - that to me is not life.''' ,'''I have a natural right to do whatever I want with my body... as long as it doesn't affect anybody else or any other property.''' ,]
+++