+++
author = "Elia Kazan"
title = "Elia Kazan Quotes"
quotes_len = "67"
description = "the best 67 Elia Kazan Quotes"
keywords = "elia kazan,elia kazan quotes,elia kazan quote,elia kazan sayings,elia kazan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The more ambivalent you are and the more uncertain you are, then you can get something that you cannot anticipate.''' ,'''I was not what you'd call a first-class actor, but I did all right.''' ,'''There was no doubt that there was a vast organization which was making fools of all the liberals in Hollywood and taking their money, that there was a police state among the Left element in Hollywood and Broadway.''' ,'''I was even superior to the Communists and when they didn't go along with me, I quit them.''' ,'''A good director's not sure when he gets on the set what he's going to do.''' ,'''Stylized acting and direction is to realistic acting and direction as poetry is to prose.''' ,'''I was taken in by what might be called the Hard Times version of the Communists' advertising or recruiting technique.''' ,'''I knew the exuberance of playing before an admiring audience and hearing my secret voice.''' ,'''I was always a self-conscious person.''' ,'''I would rather do what I did than crawl in front of a ritualistic Left and lie the way those other comrades did betray my own soul.''' ,'''Whatever hysteria exists is inflamed by mystery, suspicion and secrecy. Hard and exact facts will cool it.''' ,'''I'm small, but I'm neither compliant nor agreeable.''' ,'''I may be getting old, but not foolish.''' ,'''When you know what an actor has, you can reach in and arouse it. If you don't know what he has, you don't know what the hell is going on.''' ,'''The Communists automatically violated the daily practices of democracy to which I was accustomed.''' ,'''I don't remember anything anybody said in any Jack Ford picture. Nothing happens except action.''' ,'''For years after I resigned, I was still faithful to their way of thinking. But not in the American Communists.''' ,'''The essence of the stage is concentration and penetration. Of the screen action, movement, sweep.''' ,'''Our relationship was cursed by the fact that we agreed on everything.''' ,'''I gave my life to the Group Theatre, because in it I'm building something for myself. What I build, I am.''' ,'''I will say nothing to an actor that cannot be translated into action.''' ,'''I value peace when it is not bought at the price of fundamental decencies.''' ,'''I wouldn't go up on a stage now if you paid a thousand dollars for one minute of acting. It's a nasty experience. You're up there all by yourself. You're so damn exposed.''' ,'''A film director has to get a shot, no matter what he does. We're desperate people.''' ,'''I joined the Communist Party late in 1934. I got out a year and a half later.''' ,'''The world was like a huge red carpet out ahead of me to be walked on. And it stretched on and on, no end.''' ,'''I've lost many of my best friends... I'm going to satisfy myself now, not the critics, not even my friends.''' ,'''I'm going to make a film where not one word is really important. I'm going to make it all action.''' ,'''I like directors who come on the set and create something that's a little dangerous, difficult or unusual.''' ,'''You've got to keep fighting - you've got to risk your life every six months to stay alive.''' ,'''The physical life of the scene is determined by whether the set squeezes people together or whether the set has an escape place in it.''' ,'''I used to spend most of my time straining to be a nice guy so people would like me.''' ,'''I was both very successful and very left; the living demonstration of how you could be on the left and still be in the gossip columns and be envied for the money you made.''' ,'''The first thing you should do with an actor is not sign a contract with him. Take him to dinner. And take him for a walk afterwards.''' ,'''I was the hero of the young insurgent working class art movement.''' ,'''The belief that the good in American society will finally win out... I don't believe any more.''' ,'''I have no spy stories to tell, because I saw no spies. Nor did I understand, at that time, any opposition between American and Russian national interest.''' ,'''I was an outsider... but I was also sympathetic with people that were struggling to get up, because I struggled to get up.''' ,'''I spoke without fear of contradiction. I simply did not suffer self-doubt.''' ,'''Hey, you must be doin' good, 'cause I never hear from you.''' ,'''I truly believe that all power corrupts. Such is probably the thinking behind every political film ever made in Hollywood.''' ,'''I owe Bankhead a gift; she made a director out of me.''' ,'''The thing about Brando was that I'd make these directions, and he'd walk away. He'd heard enough... to get the machine going.''' ,'''What's called a difficult decision is a difficult decision because either way you go there are penalties.''' ,'''I was very intense. I think it's a privilege to be an actor.''' ,'''You have to remind people of their own struggles. It's a responsibility.''' ,'''I didn't have that much confidence. Maybe it looks that way. I'm glad it does.''' ,'''To be a member of the Communist Party is to have a taste of the police state. It is a diluted taste but is bitter and unforgettable.''' ,'''You can't just sit there and do the lines. You have to do something revealing or unusual.''' ,'''Acting... was the biggest charge I ever had. What other artist has it so good? Approval so quick?''' ,'''Every picture that is successful has one little miracle in it.''' ,'''I question the value of stars. I think they're overrated. They get too much money, too much praise.''' ,'''I think there should be collaboration, but under my thumb.''' ,'''There is only one thing I respect in so-called Broadway actors... and that is their competitive sense.''' ,'''The writer, when he is also an artist, is someone who admits what others don't dare reveal.''' ,'''The motion pictures I have made and the plays I have chosen to direct represent my convictions.''' ,'''I was not a collective person or a bohemian; I was an elitist.''' ,'''The makers of entertainment must try, in our field, to be honest and grown-up.''' ,'''Every fighter has one fight that makes or breaks him.''' ,'''I was the true future. I understood Communism better than they did.''' ,'''I said to Tennessee, this thing is becoming the Marlon Brando show.''' ,'''I hate the Communists and have for many years and don't feel right about giving up my career to defend them. I will give up my film career if it is in the interests of defending something I believe in, but not this.''' ,'''You have no idea how fragile an actor's self-worth is.''' ,'''I want to thank the Academy for its courage and generosity.''' ,'''Anybody who informs on other people is doing something disturbing and even disgusting.''' ,'''Miller didn't write Death of a Salesman. He released it. It was there inside him, waiting to be turned loose. That's the measure of its merit.''' ,'''Very often the Group actor is a critic when he's acting and an actor when he's criticizing.''' ,]
+++