+++
author = "Nivin Pauly"
title = "Nivin Pauly Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Nivin Pauly Quotes"
keywords = "nivin pauly,nivin pauly quotes,nivin pauly quote,nivin pauly sayings,nivin pauly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I choose a role, I look for that spark that tells me it's going to work. Is the role fresh? What does it have for the actor in me? Those are the only things any actor should be concerned about, really.''' ,'''Acting is strenuous, both physically and mentally. But if you are passionate about it, nothing can be more exciting than acting.''' ,'''Four of my films have been remade in Tamil and Telugu. Although I haven't seen any of these remakes, I do feel happy that I've been a part of good films. It's nice to know that some scripts still leave behind a mark after their theatrical run this way, so I have to admit, it is quite flattering.''' ,'''I never think of myself as a big star. Getting good scripts is all I think about. I don't have a godfather or anyone to take care of me. To move forward, I have to be very careful in choosing the right scripts, the right director, and the right technicians.''' ,'''When you are successful, there is this tendency to repeat the elements that we believe have worked in a certain film. Then it becomes formulaic, and there is no getting back.''' ,'''The poor show of a film can be crucial in an actor's career. Maybe that is why some actors choose to act in a lot of films, so as not to be affected by a single hit or a flop.''' ,'''As a youngster, when I was active in church, I had a lot of fun choosing and hanging massive stars and making the cribs. I was also very involved in the Christmas plays, though not as an actor, but I took joy in setting up the props.''' ,'''I am, by nature, pretty reserved. It was after I became an actor that I started interacting more with people from different walks of life!''' ,'''I simply love coming to Chennai. My wife always complains, saying, 'You literally run at the mention of Chennai - I wonder what it is about that place!' I love how everyone is active here 24/7. Even at 5 A.M., there are people going about their day. Also, I love how respectful and polite Chennaiites are.''' ,'''Every aspect of filmmaking has lured me. Although I'm an actor now, one day, I'd like to direct a film. It's not as though I'm all set to take the plunge; I cherish this dream of calling the shots, but only after I groom myself with the right kind of preparation and the technical know-how.''' ,'''I don't think I have reached that stage where I can evaluate my career. I still have a long way to go. All I wish for now is to make sensible moves and to choose wisely. It doesn't matter if there are gaps between films, as long as the ones I do give me the satisfaction of having done something good.''' ,'''I don't want to adhere to any particular image. I have tried to bring in variety to my characters. But then, only a few actors have managed to earn this tag of a romantic hero. Many have aspired to get such a label. So I am not complaining.''' ,'''Honestly, I always wanted to be a star. It's a dream.''' ,'''I always start my New Year at church with my family. I see it as a fresh beginning - like a new chance we get to renew our lives, perhaps? Starting it by praying gives me a lot of hope for the future.''' ,'''You can obviously roam in public, but you can't do that with complete abandon. At the back of your mind, you are always worried if someone's watching you. But then, it's something that comes with the job profile. People approach you because they like you, and I don't see it as a hassle. It's a blessing.''' ,'''If a film becomes successful, the actor is blamed for being commercial and not having a true love for movies. When we do serious films, we will be blamed for not planning our career properly. I believe that what one should do is to make good cinema and try to make it successful.''' ,'''I am happy being an actor. Donning the hat of a producer was a tough job and a different experience, as it involved watching the crew's requirements, keeping track of the finances, and also perfecting my role as an actor. But it was a tremendous learning experience.''' ,'''Some movies are simply magical. You can't really put your finger on any particular reason behind its success.''' ,'''I don't do many films at the same time, as I don't like to switch between characters. At a given point, I would like to get into the skin of whatever character I am playing.''' ,'''Like any other actor, I want to work with good directors, and I always look for good scripts. I've had to say no to some people; I suspect that's the reason I'm called arrogant.''' ,'''My wife knows that interacting with actresses is all part of the job, but there is a line which I'm not supposed to cross, and as long as I don't cross it, there are no problems. She doesn't bother with whatever I do onscreen. But the line is always there!''' ,'''I don't plan or schedule my career thinking first I will play a common man, then a police officer, then a superhero. I love good scripts, and I don't care if I play the main part in it or not. I want to be a part of good films. That's my dream... 'Jacobinte Swargarajyam' was that film for me.''' ,'''My aim is that each of my films should be on the top five or, at least, the top 10 lists of the year.''' ,'''I have a bad history with resolutions! I don't think I have kept up even one of them so far. Once, I promised to myself that I would wake up at 6 A.M. every day - it didn't even last for a week.''' ,'''I have been doing a lot of romantic movies, so such roles don't excite me much now. I would like to play an out-and-out, really cruel villain once. My character in 'Da Thadiya' had such a streak, but I want a full length villainous role. It is a different kind of excitement.''' ,'''I was working as a software engineer in Infosys. I quit because I lost interest in it. I had a group of friends who wanted to make it big in films, and that's when the audition for 'Malarvady Arts Club' happened. I got selected, and it opened the doors to my dream world.''' ,]
+++