+++
author = "Rege-Jean Page"
title = "Rege-Jean Page Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Rege-Jean Page Quotes"
keywords = "rege-jean page,rege-jean page quotes,rege-jean page quote,rege-jean page sayings,rege-jean page saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If we're not careful, this archetype of the dark, brooding, broken antihero gets held up on a pedestal for the wrong reasons.''' ,'''What's making this meal actually worth eating? I think of Bridgerton' as a Happy Meal, but with secret vitamins put in there. It's like a secretly healthy, organic burger.''' ,'''My introduction to the United States was plantations in Louisiana. It was delightful.''' ,'''Me and my friends used to joke about the fact that you don't see a Black man on a horse.''' ,'''If that executive at the top of the studio had seen more stories with all the people they don't relate to, they may be able to relate to them better, particularly if those stories are of a higher quality.''' ,'''I don't think there is ever a wrong time to sit down and listen to your grandparents' stories.''' ,'''It's a brilliant job. I'm literally paying my mortgage by fighting imaginary dragons.''' ,'''If we've endured white Jesus for this long, then folks can endure a Black Duke.''' ,'''We all know how to focus on trauma. This is the struggle. We have the opportunity to respect our journey and focus on joy.''' ,'''I'd been acting as a hobby since I got to the U.K.''' ,'''We've all known how to smile since the beginning of time. We've all gotten married since the beginning of time. We've all had romance, glamour, and splendor. Representing that is incredibly important, because period drama for people who aren't white shouldn't mean only spotlighting trauma.''' ,'''Most things at their core are love stories anyway, whether they realize it or not. It's hilarious, the more seriously a show tries to take itself and detach itself from that, the more that the love story generally tends to come forward.''' ,'''Don't be afraid to shock people or be unexpected.''' ,'''I clearly had a career in musical theater ahead of me and somewhere took a left turn and started getting all dour and serious and doing emotionally broken dukes.''' ,'''As a teenager, the idea of running around, screaming at people was very appealing to me.''' ,'''Isn't there something wonderful about being surprised by what you weren't suspecting?''' ,'''I played a ton of Diablo' as a teenager, so I'm used to the fact that I play a paladin - that's just what I do, and I know what that means, to a degree.''' ,'''I decided a very long time ago that I would refuse to be defined by trauma and would only be defined by success, when and where it comes.''' ,'''I went to a Saturday school where you would do an hour of dancing, an hour of acting, and an hour of singing. I was loud and attention-seeking enough that they put me on their agency on the side.''' ,'''This constant need for dominance and strength, having walls up, this kind of silent broker cowboy who needs to have something that can be redeemed before he is actually worthy of love, there is a missing piece to that strength.''' ,'''I found comfort in aggression, in breaking through false walls and challenging norms.''' ,'''It takes such little imagination to include people of colour in the stories you tell and so much more work to exclude folks.''' ,'''The fight that needs to be won is over that false pride before you can discover the vulnerability that allows you to unlock all the good stuff that does actually make you attractive, hopefully.''' ,'''Well, I think it's incredibly important that when we are indulging ourselves in these kind of great, big Cinderella fantasies, that everyone gets to see themselves as worthy of status and glamour and love and redemption.''' ,'''I was playing with the audience between takes. And the SNL' crew was like, OK, we see you.' I'm like, Dude, they're right there.' If you were playing a rock show, you don't just go quiet and tune your guitar between songs. You have a little bit of chat, a little bit of banter.''' ,'''Romance is a wonderful thing and we need more of it in the world.''' ,'''It's just so much fun when you're working with folks who are not just at the top of their game but reinventing the game. It's like a whole new machine.''' ,'''I think that different people are objectively attractive in different ways and a big part of the romance genre for me is in discovering what that true attractiveness is.''' ,'''I try to kind of surf the waves as they come and stay loose so that if anything does throw me off balance, I'm kind of floppy enough to roll with it.''' ,''''Roots' touches so many people and once you start realizing that, you realize that it has touched an immense amount of people in an immensely important way.''' ,'''I think art that confronts dark passages and turns it in a way that develops our consciousness, our sense of identity, our future, is honorable.''' ,'''I don't think that it's ever irrelevant to know where you came from, to know your history, and to improve upon your history.''' ,'''Accents aren't accents, they're language It's almost like a code. Because that's the key to who you are: it's how you express who you are. And how you express who you are is how you speak.''' ,'''And that's where I think vulnerability comes in - the fact that we're figuring out that there is strength in actually being vulnerable to one another, there is strength to letting go of grief, or at least processing grief more helpfully than we've necessary seen, particularly in these corseted upper class dramas before.''' ,''''Bridgerton' is a lot like the period dramas that you know and love, but nothing like it's forerunner. It's faster, funny, sexier, and more glamorous.''' ,'''Kunta Kinte is NOT an American, and he utterly rejects that idea at every turn.''' ,'''My father spoke with something very similar to a 1920s newscaster type of English, and I learnt that accent of power in post-colonial Zimbabwe. So I learnt that, and I learnt how to copy it, and I learnt how to shift in and out of it, but also talk like my mother's relatives in the village.''' ,'''The freakiest thing about working on a Russo set is that the standards are so insanely high for everyone in every department that they don't police you through stuff. They're like, Here's this insanely difficult thing; do it.' And then they just expect you to be able to do it, because they don't hire folks who can't.''' ,''''SNL' is all about discovering the unknown, the unexpected.''' ,'''I used to be in music, in a punk band in my teens. It was very teenage of me, I wanted to find a way to be loud and angry and righteous and that seemed the most productive way to do so.''' ,'''I have a theory that I'm always hungry when I do interviews, as I always talk about food.''' ,'''I get to come in, I get to contribute my bit, and then the Bridgerton' family rolls on.''' ,'''My mum will come along and support whatever I'm doing in a very willing way, if nothing else.''' ,'''Eighty-two million households is what Netflix put out watched 'Bridgerton.' And I cannot hold 82 million in my head, because that doesn't fit. It's too big.''' ,''''Bridgerton' is something a bit like if Jane Austen met Gossip Girl' and maybe like 45 Shades of Grey.'''' ,'''I've listened to a couple of Dungeons and Dragons' podcasts in my time.''' ,'''We're still trying to figure out how to let men be vulnerable, to realize there's strength in vulnerability, and that it's how you fill out the circle of masculinity.''' ,'''I'd be twice as hard on my agent to get on the case. Because I think that's the only way you end up with Bridgerton.' You don't get there unless you're knocking on the door.''' ,''''Roots' was a massive responsibility because it is this foundational text in the States and it also resonates fairly strongly with pretty much any black community globally.''' ,'''If you're defensive, you defend what you have, but you get nothing more. You don't get bigger.''' ,'''I want everything I do to be as sexy as Bridgerton,' just in different ways.''' ,'''As Black people, we're very used to empathizing with the world through white people's eyes, because they're the protagonists. I know what it's like to look at the world and empathize with Superman because I spent my whole life doing that.''' ,'''It's not always about reaching the widest audience. It's about how you reach people, and in that sense, there's no difference between a little room in a back basement with ten people if you hit them hard enough, there's a nobility to reaching ten people. They are not irrelevant because they are less than 10,000.''' ,'''As British people, we don't often face what our role in history is. We're only just beginning to do that. Storytellers have an incredibly important role in confronting that and continuing the conversation.''' ,'''Not boys don't cry' - boys should cry, and it makes you healthier and stronger for it.''' ,'''Ultimately, you have to meet a realistic setting on screen with some imagination as a viewer, as that is what creates a story.''' ,'''I think people were grateful for the intensity of the romantic aspects of Bridgerton;' I'm not sure how grateful I was to watch it for myself.''' ,'''I like the fact that, as an actor, one day I can be the president. I can be an astronaut.''' ,'''Intimate scenes are like dance rehearsals - it's all choreography.''' ,'''I know how valuable relaxation is for us all, especially in trying times, so I couldn't be more glad to lend my voice to a sleep story.''' ,''''Bridgerton' is the only B' word I am allowed to say - I am not going to talk about the other B' words!''' ,'''I was up at 5 A. M. every day, going to the gym, meeting my trainer. He was horrible to me for an hour and a half every morning before the day started. I got my strength up just from surviving him.''' ,'''I think one of the bravest things about the romance genre is allowing people a happy ending.''' ,'''Simon is clearly in the tradition of romantic archetypes, your Darcys, your Heathcliffes.''' ,'''Love is something that is genuine, delicate and involves care, passion and attention, and is entirely different to gifts, balls, jewels and circumstance.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of romance as a concept.''' ,'''I've never felt particularly comfortable in any defined boundaries, ever.''' ,'''When I got involved in the punk scene, my notion of what a career was changed. I realized that a career in the arts was actually about having the people and community to support you making your art.''' ,'''I've been involved in more Georgian period duels than I ever thought I would in my life.''' ,'''If you're open, you're vulnerable - but vulnerable to being changed and to being a better man.''' ,'''One day I can be a spaceman, the next day I can be president, the day after that I can travel 200 years into the past. It's this really freeing profession.''' ,'''I think we're at a point in history where, generally, people consider themselves to be feminists in the sense that we believe in the equality of the sexes.''' ,'''I pretty much immediately ran away from university to be an actor.''' ,'''It's cool to step on stage with your heroes.''' ,'''Home is a relative concept. Home is very much wherever it is that your people are and where you fit in.''' ,'''Being a Brit, you make a lot of period dramas.''' ,'''I think the idea we had with Bridgerton' was very much in the early conversations, to do something fresh and exciting and entirely more fun, fast, funny and glamorous than has been done before in the period genre.''' ,'''I have always found it curious that Americans consider Roots' an American story. I first watched it growing up in Zimbabwe, and I naturally saw it as an African story.''' ,'''Also I wanted to be an explorer when I was a kid. That was my first idea of what would be a really great thing to do in the world: to discover unknown things and pick around in them and see what you could bring back home to go, 'Look! The world is bigger than you thought it was.'''' ,'''I'm very wary of heroes. I try not to make them in the first place, but there was a phrase Idris Elba spoke a few years back, where he said 'It's not about being the next Denzel, it's about being the first you,' and I really took that to heart.''' ,'''Every single time I step on stage or on screen, I am contributing to a culture in which there's a dearth of people representing folks that look like me, or that have our context.''' ,'''My big entrance into this industry was playing an enslaved person, which is an absolute clich of people of color.''' ,'''Oh man, I always try to avoid anything that I can already imagine. I want the thing that I don't even know exists.''' ,'''Anything that happens in America culturally resonates throughout the world because the American culture is exported universally.''' ,'''Because when you are something people don't know quite how to define, it means you get more of an opportunity to define yourself to bring something new to the table, to bring a new view on things.''' ,'''I would say that's at the center of masculinity in the 21st century: How do you become comfortable enough that you can feel stronger by opening up to another human being, rather than the instinct, which is, the more closed off you are, the stronger you are because you're not vulnerable?''' ,'''There is pomp, ceremony and romance as a behavior, and then there is love as a real thing that is felt between two people.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I wanted to be an explorer. I wanted to go out into deep, dark jungle somewhere and find places in the world that hadn't been discovered. But then I discovered two things. One, that most of the world had already been visited and two, that would involve encountering entirely too many, very large spiders.''' ,'''The reason you think history is white is because you've been lied to.''' ,'''It's perfectly possible to spotlight Black joy over Black suffering. Setting the story in the past doesn't mean that Black folks do nothing but suffer.''' ,'''It's a great way to spend your time as a human: learning about other humans and then sharing that knowledge.''' ,'''I spent two years trying to get into drama school.''' ,'''The idea of romantic heroes - When you say the word hero,' it implies it's someone you look up to. We talk a lot with Bridgerton' about it being female-centric, but also, what are men looking up to? What am I doing with this icon of masculinity?''' ,'''I watched my friends play Baldur's Gate,' so I'm like a second-generation Dungeons and Dragoner.'''' ,'''Zimbabwe was still a relatively young country when I was living there and its post-apartheid society was only newly formed. Being a mixed-race child in that environment means that you have to think about crafting your own identity and you question why you belong in that world.''' ,'''Everyone is worthy of finding love and enjoying escapist fantasies of a life of dancing, romance, and ambition.''' ,'''And I think that figuring out how to open the doors in yourself that make you worthy of love and capable of giving love is that ongoing conversation that I was most interested in exploring.''' ,'''You can put things in prose and understand them one way, and then there's understanding it by knowing how it feels. Things aren't real until you can feel that, until you can empathize with them. That's what protagonists do in books.''' ,'''The thing that has appealed to me most about this career is getting to encounter and interact with the unexpected.''' ,]
+++