+++
author = "Karrion Kross"
title = "Karrion Kross Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Karrion Kross Quotes"
keywords = "karrion kross,karrion kross quotes,karrion kross quote,karrion kross sayings,karrion kross saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I submitted myself to the process of whatever WWE wants to do with me. I'm going to trust this process. So whatever direction they were going to point me in I was going to go full speed.''' ,'''I enjoy the process of assessing, analyzing it and even as a professional I still think it's very wise to allow the fan in you to continue to remain alive. The professional always has to come first, but the fan in you allows you to relate to what people are watching.''' ,'''I'm going to do the best job I can for the company that hired me and give the fans the best show they can and try to keep a strong continuity in the presentation. What other people do, I am not concerned or whatsoever.''' ,'''I'm not blind to the reality of sponsorships and endorsements and stuff. And I don't mind the challenge of change. I enjoy that. That's life. You can't grow without change.''' ,'''I am still very much rooted in what I really fell in love with, with sports entertainment and pro wrestling.''' ,'''I think subconsciously, I've always gone looking for pressure.''' ,'''Well, social media is a funny thing. It can be absolutely wonderful, and it can absolutely work against you.''' ,'''I've always has been involved in things that may be perceived or may synonymously be associated with pressure, so it's never been a bother.''' ,'''Not to sound cliche or like I'm reading something off the back of a Hallmark card, but with anything challenging you're going to do in life, the belief needs to start first from within.''' ,'''I don't deny that I study everything. Stuff from the 70s, 80s, 90s, current I watch it all.''' ,'''I'm very militant with my state of mind. I'm very task at hand and I don't let any interference ever enter my mind.''' ,'''Potential is just potential until you can pull it off, and you need to show up ready to exercise the plan in mind. I've always come from that place in everything I've ever done.''' ,'''Attention is very, very easy to create and receive on Twitter when it's rooted in something really negative.''' ,'''I am someone who pays attention to the currents that are going on socially in terms of what people want. When I catch wind of the types of matches people want, those are the matches I want, too.''' ,]
+++