+++
author = "Jeffrey Dean Morgan"
title = "Jeffrey Dean Morgan Quotes"
quotes_len = "105"
description = "the best 105 Jeffrey Dean Morgan Quotes"
keywords = "jeffrey dean morgan,jeffrey dean morgan quotes,jeffrey dean morgan quote,jeffrey dean morgan sayings,jeffrey dean morgan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just didn't want to get bored playing a character, and that's kind of the benefit of doing films; you've lived with a character for four or five months and that's it, and you walk away from that character and you feel like you told a story.''' ,'''I want to be with people I care about and hang out with my dogs.''' ,'''It's mostly women who I get really weird fan mail from.''' ,'''I've worked with kids that are just horrendous, and it's mostly because of their parents.''' ,'''The great thing about Starz is that there's not a lot of restrictions.''' ,'''I go to Comic-Con every year, generally with some project of some sort.''' ,'''The only reason I went to college was to play basketball. I injured my knee and couldn't play.''' ,'''Working exterior nights in Vancouver, when it's raining and snowing, is a little daunting, when you haven't slept.''' ,'''Showing fear is like having comedic timing because I think actors have a tendency to go way over the top with it, and that sort of loses steam for what's going on. The audience sees right through that and laughs at you, so it is something that I'm aware of.''' ,'''Puerto Rico is beautiful. I mean, I love it. But it's hard to film here. It's hard to film an action movie here where you're outside, and you're running around all day.''' ,'''My kind of success has come a little bit later in life. I'm not 20 any more and these people I've been working with have been successful and good at what they do for a long time.''' ,'''Sometimes in TV, it can get really stale, especially if you're doing these 23-episode years. It's a lot of work, and to put your family through that, on a location, is not always the greatest thing in the world.''' ,'''It's just as easy for me to be building a fence somewhere and scraping by on unemployment in between doing a guest star spot. I've been there.''' ,'''The work I'm doing on 'Watchmen' is mind bending and physically just hard.''' ,'''What's special about Miami is the collision of cultures. And the white sand beaches and fantastic restaurants.''' ,'''A 12-year-old can watch 'Spiderman.' A 12-year-old cannot watch 'Watchmen.'''' ,'''If you outsmart your audience, you're going to lose them.''' ,'''In a Western, you talk more with your eyes and your actions than you do with big speeches. I love that.''' ,'''I can't say enough about Ireland. I can't. I'd move there.''' ,'''I love Bill Murray, but I'm not quite Bill Murray. I wish!''' ,'''I've got a different life. I live up on a farm; I don't have anything to do with social media.''' ,'''You kick around long enough, and good things can happen.''' ,'''I literally will write Shonda Rhimes, the creator of 'Grey's,' an e-mail once a month or so and just say, 'Hey, I love you and thank you.' That was my moment. Because of that, I'm doing 'Magic City.'''' ,'''I'm not one of those guys who is going to dye his beard. I'm not that vain.''' ,'''There were rumors I wasn't going to die. The whole cast was sitting around the table reading the script. I fell on the floor - I'm not kidding. I looked up at Katherine Heigl, and she was crying.''' ,'''Being an actor is a crazy way to spend one's life. It's the love of the game. Blind luck has a lot to do with it. Then you hope when you get your shot that you know what you're doing.''' ,'''I think the challenge for me in this role is going to be, is there any heart in Negan? For me, I look at that as a challenge as an actor, and that's the kind of thing that I embrace and really look forward to.''' ,'''Moths are okay. Actually, moths don't bother me near as much as, say, spiders do.''' ,'''I wasn't very good at it, but I knew that I loved acting immediately.''' ,'''There are a lot of weenie American actors, and a lot of foreign actors are having the luck.''' ,'''Acting is a hard profession. More than anything, it takes fortitude.''' ,'''I have this weird allergy where metal can't touch my skin.''' ,'''I love what I do for a living, but the other side, that aspect of being famous or a celebrity's got zero interest to me.''' ,'''I was a huge fan of the original Red Dawn. America and brothers, you can't beat that in my world. I think there's nothing greater.''' ,'''I live in the woods, so really the only way you can get to me is if you send a letter.''' ,'''I'm learning a lot how to be good at what I do and also how lucky I am and take it all in and be grateful for all this late in life success I've been having and it's good to have people that have been around and successful for awhile and work with them and see how they behave and it's why they are who they are and why they're still successful.''' ,'''Shooting all day in the rain is not where you want to be.''' ,'''I feel like every day I'm exceedingly lucky.''' ,'''I've got a stack of the 'Walking Dead' comic books next to my bed here.''' ,'''I usually play tough guys and stuff like that.''' ,'''If it's football season, all things sort of stop. I'm from Seattle, so I'll watch the Seahawks and whatever other game that day is worthy.''' ,'''I would bend over backward to be back on Grey's. Any day, I'll choose lying in bed with Katherine Heigl looking over me over getting thrown against walls by supernatural persons at 5 in the morning.''' ,'''Since Chris Albrecht took over the network, I think more and more people are finding Starz. He made HBO what HBO became, and now he's doing the same thing at Starz.''' ,'''I had no intention of being an actor, ever.''' ,'''The directors you want to work with are in the television world.''' ,'''I know that my foot is firmly wedged in the door, and I'll be damned if I pull it out, even for a second.''' ,'''I think you judge your career by the scripts that are being sent your way.''' ,'''I feel like if you shoot one scene all day long or you take two days to do a scene, that scene is going to be stale.''' ,'''Miami is not optimal for raising a child.''' ,''''The Exoricist' and 'The Shining,' there is some horrific stuff, and it's mostly what you put in your own head, which I find amazing.''' ,'''Ian McShane's character in 'Deadwood' was awesome.''' ,'''I've done tons of guest spots and in parts where the character invariably dies or is dead.''' ,'''Within a five-month period, I got 'Weeds,' 'Supernatural,' and 'Grey's.' I think a lot of it had to do with luck.''' ,'''I'm a complete skeptic when it comes to the supernatural and all that. I've never had any ghost stories or any kind of weird experiences.''' ,'''I've been kicking around this business for a long time.''' ,'''I'm just a happy guy.''' ,'''I'm easy to get along with - I'm not a diva.''' ,'''Turns out I'm getting old.''' ,'''Women are surprised to see me on the street - like they're seeing a ghost. There's a lot of crying involved.''' ,'''I love myself a truffle. I can put a truffle in anything and make it good.''' ,'''I didn't even know what a mark was, but I fell in love with acting.''' ,'''I've got a love affair with Harley-Davidson. One of my earliest photos with my dad is of him holding me as a baby on his bike.''' ,'''I don't think I could last in anything for 10 years doing a character.''' ,'''I love playing a villain. I think that there's something freeing about that, and it's a different kind of challenge.''' ,'''Shonda Rhimes, especially, saw something in me that no one had and then wrote to my strengths for 'Grey's Anatomy.' That's the job I think really opened up a whole new world for me.''' ,'''I've been dipping my toes back into TV.''' ,'''I have a lot of respect for what I do, for this profession.''' ,'''I was an artist - I fancied myself an artist - I sold paintings at bars to pay my rent.''' ,'''I grew up with my uncle's comic books at my grandma's house, so I've always loved my comic book reading.''' ,'''A family going through a divorce, a child under attack by a demon, all these things I could relate to.''' ,'''The last decade has been a little rough, so I'm hoping to start this one on the right foot.''' ,'''If you look at my resume, I've more often than not played a very solid, decent human being.''' ,'''I love acting, but the star part is not my bag.''' ,'''I'm not trying to be an action star, and I'm not trying to be a romantic-comedy guy.''' ,'''Once I got over my initial butterflies, being in the same room and doing a scene with Jimmy Caan was great. I never backed down for one second against him. I loved it. I love those moments. Working with people like that is the greatest joy you can get as an actor.''' ,'''I think, before 'Watchmen,' I was the guy from 'Grey's Anatomy' who's a pretty good guy, a pretty charming sweet guy, and so as an actor, I really wanted to do something as far from that as I could.''' ,'''I don't think that I'm as big as Lobo is, but if you could, like, transplant Mickey Rourke's body on my head, that would be just great.''' ,'''Some nights, a romantic dinner can be killed by having to do dishes afterward, so it probably suits you better to go out for dinner. But I love cooking and always have.''' ,'''I've become accustomed to playing the good guy - maybe a rough exterior, but a heart of gold in there somewhere.''' ,'''Not naming names, but it shocks me, some of the people who get the breaks.''' ,'''I always was irritated doing network television... You're in love, you make love. That happens.''' ,'''I don't need to practice my swing. I grew up with a bat in my hands.''' ,'''My background was in graphic design, but when I was doing it, it was all hand-drawn stuff, not computers.''' ,'''I was almost ready to call it quits - sick of doing a job and then being back on the unemployment line and trying to make ends meet. But I loved acting and didn't know what else to do.''' ,'''I think, as I've gotten older I have realized what a huge privilege it is to even be in this business. I, more than ever, love what I do.''' ,'''I like to push myself, you know.''' ,'''Jon Hamm - I know him. I love him.''' ,'''If I could just make Westerns for the rest of my life, that's all I would do. It's my favorite movie to make. There's something about being a cowboy.''' ,'''I do some of my best work when I'm dead.''' ,'''In any character you do, especially something like 'Watchmen,' if you're gonna do this, you're gonna do this right. I'm fighting for the Comedian every step of the way; there's not even a question, Adrian is a scumbag.''' ,'''Persistence pays off.''' ,'''I'm just looking always for characters that change, because I want to get better, as an actor and as a person.''' ,'''I love the challenge of having an audience know what you're thinking without having to tell the audience what you're thinking.''' ,'''I am a family man at heart.''' ,'''My agent will say, 'Well, it's another graphic novel.' I don't care. It's better writing than anything else that's out there. The characters are much better.''' ,'''I haven't watched a lot of episodes of 'The Good Wife.' I never even saw the show until I signed on, and then I watched seven episodes.''' ,'''He is scary as the butcher, but you will not meet a lovelier, more interesting guy than Danny Huston. His stories leave me spellbound. I adore him.''' ,'''It's hard to boo a puppy. You can't boo a handful of puppies.''' ,'''Alan Moore's first choice to be the Comedian... was Burt Reynolds. But I never saw myself as Burt Reynolds; I saw myself as Edward Blake.''' ,'''Comedian sort of enjoys the darkness because, essentially, he's a thug. He's just not a nice guy.''' ,'''I've called myself an actor - I won't say I've been an actor, but I've called myself an actor - since 1989. That's when I moved to Los Angeles.''' ,'''There's that rule, don't work with kids and animals. There's a reason for that!''' ,'''To do this movie in a watered-down fashion or have these characters be watered down wouldn't have been near as effective. It wouldn't have been staying true to what this 'Watchmen' phenomenon is.''' ,'''I've always had a problem showing fear on a film.''' ,'''In a Western, you don't over-explain.''' ,]
+++