+++
author = "Vijay Antony"
title = "Vijay Antony Quotes"
quotes_len = "84"
description = "the best 84 Vijay Antony Quotes"
keywords = "vijay antony,vijay antony quotes,vijay antony quote,vijay antony sayings,vijay antony saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I work for every film with the same amount of diligence.''' ,'''I would love to work on a film which would be close to Hollywood standards.''' ,'''My characters in each of my films bear no resemblance to each other.''' ,'''Kolaigaran' is not a typical hero-villain subject. We explored the other side of human nature, which is grey.''' ,'''Music is always my first priority.''' ,'''Naan' performed admirably, and the people have since associated me with that character. I am in no hurry to change that image.''' ,'''The scripts that I take should be solid in terms of content; only then will my inability as an actor not show up on the screen.''' ,'''It's one thing to narrate a story and another thing to execute it.''' ,'''I am wary of unknown street food, available in plenty in places such as Singapore and Malaysia.''' ,'''There are no heroes and heroines in 'Naan.' All of us play different characters, and have equally important roles.''' ,'''No film survives because of a big name. If a film has to survive generations, it will survive on its content and craft.''' ,'''There is a need for new talent in the industry but newcomers don't know whom to approach and how. Social media has become a bridge.''' ,'''I am very happy that all my films are getting positive reports in both Telugu and Tamil.''' ,'''I can't shout, I can't cry convincingly, and please don't make me dance.''' ,'''I'm an emotional person. I chose films based on emotions.''' ,'''Once a week, I used to treat myself to three parottas with the pocket money I saved. It tasted so good, and I loved eating it soaked in salna.''' ,'''Politicians are the same everywhere.''' ,'''As actors, we are expected to come up with an exaggerated performance, which is far from reality.''' ,'''As an actor, I give 60 days to act in a film, but the writer takes nearly two to three years to create a story.''' ,'''Compared to my previous films, 'Kaasi' is special. All credit goes to the director.''' ,'''I was always toying with the idea of acting.''' ,'''It's not that easy, but the moment the camera is switched on, I have to mould myself to breathe life into the characters I portray.''' ,'''I don't act. I am the way I am, and choose roles that I think suit my body language.''' ,'''Working with newbies has its own advantages as they're open to ideas and the audience can see the actresses as themselves, devoid of any pre-conceived image from their previous films.''' ,'''On days when I wrap up my shooting by around 5 P. M., I binge on medu vada, bajji, bonda in streetside stalls on the way back home.''' ,'''I'm not a good actor.''' ,'''If there's a scene in which I need to cry or emote heavily, I just take care of it during the dubbing sessions.''' ,'''New directors are safe. They tell you the full story and since they are new, they try to put their heart and soul into the project.''' ,'''I'm indeed excited to be termed as a hero who can command commercial respect in two languages at the same time.''' ,'''Intelligent decisions may fail you but one's instincts cannot.''' ,'''I'm a technician whose efforts go into hiding my limitations as an actor.''' ,'''Many directors are approaching me with good scripts. I will concentrate on production and music.''' ,'''Even if I was running an idli shop for a living, I know that my idlis will taste good because that's how highly I rate my work ethic.''' ,'''Of course, social networking is essential. The feedback helps me grow. And it's a real stress buster.''' ,'''One day, I got a call from Mani Ratnam sir's assistant, who said that the ace director was impressed after watching 'Naan' trailer and wanted me to do a cameo in 'Kadal.' I was on cloud nine and my joy knew no bounds. However, I had no other option than to say no since the date required by Mani Ratnam was exactly the release date of 'Naan.'''' ,'''I knew my limitations even when I was a music director.''' ,'''I became a producer because nobody was ready to finance my films.''' ,'''With the advanced editing technologies, it's not difficult to play double roles these days. It can be done easily.''' ,'''Just as Yama is a villain for evil forces, my character in 'Yaman' is also a villain against those who don't follow dharma.''' ,'''I always believe that it is his hard work that pays for a film's success.''' ,'''If my film fails, I never think it was because the script was weak.''' ,'''I always wanted to give opportunities to young talents. And Deena Devarajan is one.''' ,'''I had a blind belief in myself and became a music director and an actor.''' ,'''Don't call me a hero. I would prefer myself being called as an actor.''' ,'''Anybody can act. Correction. Anybody can act if they know their own weaknesses.''' ,'''As a composer, I only give directors tunes I'm happy with.''' ,'''I felt very happy when people mentioned that I had done a good job in my debut flick.''' ,'''I was always ranked last in my class. My problem was that I would obtain a just pass and move on to the next class!''' ,'''I don't know acting, but I choose good stories and portray emotions according to the story.''' ,'''If composing music is like going to the gym in the morning, acting is like an additional session of yoga. They don't need to be mutually exclusive.''' ,'''I want people to appreciate my efforts in creating different genres of music and also the fact that I am now taking to acting in my own production.''' ,'''Only after coming to Chennai did I come to know that I know nothing about music. People in Chennai are so talented in Carnatic, ghazals, etc. They can play Piano, etc so well.''' ,'''After the success of 'Bicchagadu,' I am more happy, energetic and confident.''' ,'''I find it easy to be myself as an actor.''' ,'''I still can't believe that I was accepted by Telugu audiences because I don't know Telugu. Without knowing me, the Telugu people gave me their unconditional love.''' ,'''I didn't know music either, but I became a composer. Acting too is like that. It's like cooking for your siblings when your mother is away. You have a responsibility and you try to do a good job.''' ,'''Acting is just another facet and it will not affect my output as a music director.''' ,'''I will be seen as a software engineer in 'Betaludu.' My character is totally different from what I have played in the past.''' ,'''To be honest, I have never thought about the intricacies of a script.''' ,'''I get commercial acclaim because of critical acclaim and it is a chain reaction.''' ,'''These days, I pay attention to my eating habits and avoid junk food, but looks are not that important to be a good actor.''' ,'''Prabhu Deva has written the opening lines for a couple of songs in 'Vedi.' He's a great lyricist too and not many people know that.''' ,'''Music is always with me and I don't need a special space for it.''' ,'''Though I have started pursuing acting, there is no stopping for me from scoring music because music has always been my passion, though acting is my interest.''' ,'''Since 'Naan' happens to be my production, I've decided to use this as a platform to help new talents.''' ,'''I'm not a Kamal Haasan or a Sivaji Ganesan, I know I'm Vijay Antony.''' ,'''I promise that I will continue to do different films and if I feel that the film has not come out well, I will even stop the release. That's the reason I produce all my films.''' ,'''Sometimes when it comes to music, effects or sound engineering, it is difficult to achieve what you want within a fixed time frame.''' ,'''I have composed music for many city-based movies.''' ,'''I know Anbu Chezhiyan for 6 years. When I wanted to produce, I went and asked him for money. He was the one who gave money for Naan.''' ,'''Every film is like my own kid; I don't treat them differently.''' ,'''There was nothing extraordinary about the work I was doing as a composer though I had delivered hits.''' ,'''I like to produce my own movies.''' ,'''Actually, my career as a music director turned out to be a disappointment. I believed I gave good songs but the response and recognition from the industry was not great.''' ,'''I have always aimed for versatility.''' ,'''India Pakistan' will be on the lines of 'Oru Kal Oru Kannadi' and 'Kalakalappu.'''' ,'''Right from my first film, I've introduced several singers and lyricists to the industry.''' ,'''My style of cinema is different and I always look at my films as the audience would.''' ,'''I only treat myself as an audience with each film, I enjoy different stories.''' ,'''I prefer working with new talent irrespective of whether they know the language or not. At the same time, I have been keen on taking female leads, who know Tamil quite well.''' ,'''Ilaiyaraaja sir is a legend and his films like 'Udhiripookkal' has inspired me to a great extent. In fact, that was the spark behind 'Naan.'''' ,'''I don't believe films should have a message, but 'Saleem' does.''' ,'''I will always endeavour to bring out the best films.''' ,'''Once a composition is complete I sing the track and send it to the director. He sometimes suggests I record them in my voice, and I go ahead.''' ,]
+++