+++
author = "Chris Thile"
title = "Chris Thile Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Chris Thile Quotes"
keywords = "chris thile,chris thile quotes,chris thile quote,chris thile sayings,chris thile saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love music with everything I have, and when I am in a front of a classroom talking about music sometimes someone will ask me a question and it reminds me to really think about something, to really feel something.''' ,'''I don't feel that things need make their appeal exclusively to one demographic. I don't feel that there is truly great art that only appeals to people in a certain age range.''' ,'''We don't have any genre-based allegiances.''' ,'''You need to put yourself in the way of the music that stood the test of time. You're doing yourself an incredible disservice not be interested in the width and breadth of it.''' ,'''I was introduced to classical music by my grandparents - my parents were mostly into folk and jazz. Even as a young man, I was literally unaware of the distinctions between any of that, and I still think it's pointless.''' ,'''My musical output has been consistently acoustic, but my taste has not. I love everything. As long as it's good, I'm in.''' ,'''Tradition matters. To me it's not a limiting force; it's a springboard.''' ,'''We love music, and when it's good we flip. And we want to get to the core of why it's good.''' ,'''Really the greatest music I've ever heard I've hated the first time I heard it. It's been abrasive at first; it's been something that challenged me in a way that I wasn't fully comfortable with.''' ,'''In my mind, there's this one 'super genre,' which is the only genre that matters, and that's the super genre of good music.''' ,'''When they invented the mandolin, it was as if they were trying to come up with the least efficient means of extracting noise from a piece of wood.''' ,'''The more you look at great art of any kind, you'll see that there's this thread running through all of it.''' ,'''For years, my actual listening activity has been governed by what I perceived to be good for me as a musician, almost like the way an athlete trains for a given sporting task. I'd listen to something if I felt it would improve my sense of harmony or counterpoint, or whatever I was working on.''' ,'''You go to the Grammys and you say, 'I don't care if I win or not,' and of course you care.''' ,'''The constructive criticism that I take very seriously is from people I know and respect, and they don't have to be musicians. But I do have to know where they're coming from.''' ,'''The world's music is at our fingertips, so if we like music, we kind of owe it to ourselves to check in with all of that.''' ,'''What makes one type of music classical and one bluegrass and one folk - these things aren't what's important.''' ,'''I consider it a great honor to be part of the dissemination of hearable art.''' ,'''The goal of serious musicians is to play outside of yourself. That's most likely with people who suggest things that are outside your musical experience.''' ,'''Improvisation is an important part of bluegrass, and I would hasten to add that classical music wasn't always such an improvisational void. Back in the day, everyone's cadenzas were improvised, and improvisation was taught in conservatories.''' ,'''I think there's probably really wonderful music that has been lost due to the lack of preservation methods way back in the day.''' ,'''I'm a massive Roger Federer fan, and sometimes I can see in his game the willful development of a tactic or technique that doesn't come as naturally to him, like fixating on improving the backhand. And I'm thinking, Hit the forehand! It's what you do!''' ,'''I've performed in concert halls thousands and thousands of times in my life.''' ,'''I am an incorrigible coffee geek. I make espresso.''' ,'''Having small children, you start thinking about how everything in your life revolves around doing the best you can for this little being, trying to make a good life for that person.''' ,'''Growing up in a bluegrass or acoustic-oriented world, the musicians become so focused on performance, as far as playing. We tend to overanalyze the notes, so you're always trying to sharpen everything up.''' ,'''Improvising is writing, too - there was no music and now there's music. So that's composition. And any time you take any sort of a performance liberty, you're making a compositional choice. I don't know a serious performer who hasn't made compositional decisions, who hasn't engaged in the art of composition.''' ,'''I obviously love music very, very much.''' ,'''Everything in our lives is encouraging us to turn inward with all the technology that we have available to us.''' ,'''The great thing about jamming is that you come in with zero preconceptions. Someone might want to play something that suggests something else to you, and the next thing you know you're on a 20-minute adventure.''' ,'''I guess I am working pretty much all the time.''' ,'''There's something about a variety show, I think, that disarms us as consumers of something. We're laughing, and there's this sense of anything goes, anything could happen.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with the idea of genrelessness and generationlessness.''' ,'''People who are happy with their neighborhoods in New York always say the same thing: 'It's such a neighborhood!' And that's how we feel about Carroll Gardens. We see all the same people who have been there a long time and are very friendly and welcoming to us.''' ,'''Generally speaking, I think one has to take reviews with a grain of salt, unless you know who the person is and what their qualifications are.''' ,'''Hats off to musicians who just want a pure escape. I have a lot of fondness for pure escapism. I don't feel like it's irresponsible, I think sometimes you really need to take a breather.''' ,'''It's very hard to make grand, romantic gestures on a mandolin, and there are times, particularly when playing Bach, that you long for just a little more sustain. But for better or worse it's my voice, and the trade-off comes with increased intimacy. It's like you're beckoning the audience closer: 'C'mere, I've got something to tell ya.'''' ,'''The darned thing about mandolins is they're really hard to turn up as loud as you would need to be to play with a drum set. They cease to sound like mandolins.''' ,'''Great music is the only genre that actually matters, and the members of that club are far more similar to each other than they are to any genre they might be commonly associated with.''' ,'''I love music so much. It's like the one thing I'm good at.''' ,'''Since I was little, I've always put a lot of pressure on myself.''' ,'''I think that we'll see the concept of 'genre' continue to die a slow and painful death.''' ,'''I think, until I was 16, classical music had just seemed like a little bit of a rhythmic wasteland for me. Coming from bluegrass, where one conducts oneself rhythmically, it seemed like such a different approach, and at that point the difference that I was noticing was a real turn off to me.''' ,'''Musicians and non-musicians alike are priding themselves on the width and breadth of their musical interests, which I think is to be encouraged.''' ,'''I'm slow by nature; even if I write something fast, I'll let it sit for a month and hem and haw over it.''' ,'''You know, I look at Twitter as kind of a roomful of people who are interested in what you have to say. The people who follow you are, presumably, somewhat interested with what you have to say.''' ,'''For me, music always leads. Lyrics are only about how they sing. It is wonderful if they read well, too. In the very best scenario, sometimes a lyric will pop out with a melody, simultaneously. That's a lovely thing, but you can't rely on that.''' ,'''The fact that I'm a fifth of Punch Brothers... that's lucky for me because I feel like I get to operate in the context of one of the great string bands. There's just not another string band I would rather be in, and i'm just compelled to make music for and with string bands. It's what I know, and it's kind of like who I am.''' ,'''If you're sitting there going, 'Well, these particular genres are the only genres I like,' that's like saying, 'I only like books with this particular kind of cover.' Because that's all genre is. It's a discussion of texture.''' ,'''Presenting the American songbook as a living, breathing entity that's expanding all the time is very important.''' ,'''I'm just done downplaying how much I love Radiohead and how massive of an influence they are on what I do, because it's pretty obvious.''' ,'''I went through a political shift when I was nineteen or twenty. I felt a certain way, and after the shift, I felt the opposite way. And never once did someone yelling at me or making me feel stupid do anything other than reinforce the convictions I had. What did get to me was people listening to me.''' ,'''Calvin is a constant reminder that I'm not always as present as I want to be. His go-to state of being is present. So I'm really grateful of that part of being his parent.''' ,'''I'm always excited about music, but having spent so much time in its pursuit - well, my musical life is complicated.''' ,'''A cocktail and an oyster is an awfully good thing after a park, especially one close to water.''' ,'''I've always taken a lot of joy in my work, but it's also been very results-oriented. It's kind of like, making the thing, and taking a lot of joy in that, as opposed to allowing myself to be transported by the work of my fellow musicians.''' ,'''Different people need different things.''' ,'''To be able to rub shoulders with kids who have spent their entire lives studying the classics... that's something I need to improve my overview.''' ,'''My folks were and are devoted public radio fans, who started listening to 'A Prairie Home Companion' in the 1980s; Garrison and Co. were the permanent headliners of their weekends.''' ,'''I was raised fundamentalist Christian, and now I'm not that. It was not an act of rebellion or anything. For me, it was about being in a line of work where I was meeting so many different people and feeling like they all had legitimate points of view that I needed to consider and occasionally these were at odds with ideas that I was raised with.''' ,'''The radio - this old piece of technology that's still crackingly current - gives you this communal experience in real time.''' ,'''It seems like if they'd given Bob Dylan a pen and paper in the cradle that he would've come up with a great song. I'd love to write songs like that.''' ,'''The greatest creators are as hungry to consume as they are to create.''' ,'''I think what people call genre is just a question of orchestration. So, for instance, with Punch Brothers, you look at that band and say that's a bluegrass band, when really it's an orchestration choice.''' ,'''Music should never be a dictatorship. It should be a symbiotic relationship between the musician and the audience.''' ,'''No one wants to hear me doing my best Garrison Keillor... I think that he's inimitable; he's one in a billion.''' ,'''For one, the whole concept of 'Live From Here' - writing a song every week - was like composition bootcamp.''' ,'''I'm a musician, and I feel like musicians owe it to themselves and owe it to music to concern themselves with as much of music as interests them. Even if you decide that you're never going to compose, you will be a better performer if you concern yourself with the craft of composition.''' ,'''I love putting on shows. I absolutely adore it - that's why I've been doing it now for so long.''' ,'''I can't listen to music while I'm doing something else. Well, unless I'm working out. But I, like, fall off the treadmill all the time if I'm listening to something that I like too much.''' ,'''There is a certain immortality in the change that another person effects on another person.''' ,'''The name 'Clara' is significant in my life. When I was an adolescent and started thinking about my place in the world as an adult and growing up, I knew I would have an eventually new outlook on things and eventually meet someone and have a kid. In my mind, I was like, 'If I have a daughter, I want to name her Clara.'''' ,'''My grandmother got me recordings of the 'Goldberg Variations,' in addition to the 'Brandenburg Concertos,' the Mozart string quartets and Beethoven's 'Seventh Symphony.'''' ,'''I was two years old when I saw the mandolin for the first time, and I just loved it. I just loved the sound of it, the shape of it even, and the way it looks. And I still love it, which is a testament to something.''' ,'''I'm a massive tennis fan! I love it to bits. I wish I could play, but I am worried that the muscles required for tennis are sort of in direct opposition to those required for mandolin playing.''' ,'''I'll often order a cortado and stand there quizzing the poor barista about the extraction time, how much pressure they are applying and how many grams are in it. I am that guy. It's reprehensible to the max, but it's how I go through my life.''' ,'''I play the mandolin, which people don't often expect great things from. But it has it's charms, and it's my voice. I feel like I had as little choice in the matter as I do my speaking and singing voice.''' ,'''New York will make you feel small. I think that's good. At least, it's good for me.''' ,'''There are two genres of music: there's good music and there's bad music.''' ,'''I love the string band. I love the sound of it, the possibilities of it, I love the physical sensation of creating and performing in it. It's my voice.''' ,'''I certainly love the bluegrass ensemble, I think it's a powerful tool, but I don't think it's more than a tool.''' ,'''The great musics of the world are great for very similar structural reasons: good melody, good harmony, and a balance of feminine and masculine energy.''' ,'''My life conforms to music, not the other way around.''' ,'''Everyone talks about how depressing Radiohead are. I don't hear it. They've created their own universe and it is dimly lit, but it's not inherently dark.''' ,'''I'd say playing with a group or playing solo are equally rewarding, but in a different way.''' ,'''My favorite bar in New York City is called Milk and Honey, a great cocktail bar.''' ,'''It's like wine and food, or coffee and a pastry - coffee's awesome and a chocolate croissant is awesome, and together, they're transcendent. To me, music is the same way. Chris Stapleton is transcendent. Julien Baker is transcendent. Together, they're going to be euphoria.''' ,'''Ever since I became better acquainted with classical music, I've wanted to try my hand at longer forms, but I could never really see my way to it. And after I got divorced, all of a sudden I had a lot of pent-up energy and lots of stuff that had gone into trying to make this failing relationship work that kind of got reapplied.''' ,'''Bill Monroe is not singing about life in America. He's singing about life in Kentucky and Tennessee. And yet it's had this tremendous impact, not just in America but in the world. Why is Bill Monroe's hyper-regional music so universal? We can be so different and yet still share a tremendous amount.''' ,'''I'm always going to need to play in front of people.''' ,'''Like a sporting event, live events are the one thing you can't have anytime you want them.''' ,'''Coffee is pretty big in my life. It shows up in my lyrics a bunch, the same way the ocean does. It's a constant force.''' ,'''There's a lot of steps between there not being music and there being music. Composition is one part of that, but if no one performs it... It's like if a tree falls in the forest and no one's there to hear it, does it make a sound?''' ,'''The power of live music is vast. Live music is a wonderful way to spend some time.''' ,'''I would love to be one of those fellows who combine formal and folk music approaches.''' ,'''I just love getting as many experiences making music for and with people as possible.''' ,'''I'm really not handy. I'm not good at things like changing a light bulb. If something is broken, the chances of me being able to fix it are slim to none.''' ,'''I didn't have stage parents and sometimes I've envied people who did because I felt like, I guess, I'm compulsively worried I'm not accomplishing enough.''' ,'''I just want the opportunity to transcend my personal boundaries and the only way you can do that is by latching on to other people's coat-tails.''' ,'''It's important to allow people to affect you. If we kept that at the forefront of our minds, maybe we wouldn't be as divided as we are.''' ,]
+++