+++
author = "Janet Montgomery"
title = "Janet Montgomery Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Janet Montgomery Quotes"
keywords = "janet montgomery,janet montgomery quotes,janet montgomery quote,janet montgomery sayings,janet montgomery saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I come from a very working-class background.''' ,'''I've never done a period piece. That's something I'd be really interested in doing.''' ,'''In every character you play, as much as you hate to admit it as an actor, but there's an element of you that you bring to it. Either the character helps you discover that element of you or the other way around, where that element of you helps you discover the character.''' ,'''I'd love to do like a modern day 'Shining' and play the Jack Nicholson role.''' ,'''Witches were burned and killed in Scotland and England for centuries before what happened in Salem.''' ,'''When you first start, you just want to get a job. It goes from that to really deciding what kind of work you want to do and what kind of actor you want to be - and it only gets harder.''' ,'''In every character you play, as much as you hate to admit it as an actor, but there's an element of you that you bring to it.''' ,'''My background is more horror or thriller, and you can't get better than horror fans, as far as I'm concerned.''' ,'''You have to be completely in the character, and that's so hard to do. That's why, when they call, 'Cut!,' you often feel yourself shift. Unless you're Daniel Day Lewis, who stays in character all the time, there's a switch that happens.''' ,'''New Jersey is very big. There are different areas of New Jersey. There is North New Jersey. There is like the center. There are a lot of actors from New Jersey that don't speak with a New Jersey accent.''' ,'''I went to Florida when I was 15. That was my first time in America, so you learn about how different the regions are.''' ,'''Honestly, because of the way women were treated, I wouldn't want to go back to Puritan times. I'm far too outspoken to be a woman in Puritan times.''' ,'''I'm not a reality TV star. I pride myself on witnessing, watching people, studying people, and being able to recreate that and create a human being.''' ,'''I just want that sensation you have in dreams when you fly to be real.''' ,'''If you're an English actor, and you're asked to do an episode - especially the Christmas episode - of 'Downton Abbey,' you can't turn it down. It's like, 'Of course!'''' ,'''I actually always try to not do a general American accent. I always try to give a region.''' ,]
+++