+++
author = "Paulo Costanzo"
title = "Paulo Costanzo Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Paulo Costanzo Quotes"
keywords = "paulo costanzo,paulo costanzo quotes,paulo costanzo quote,paulo costanzo sayings,paulo costanzo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Yes, I'm half Italian. So my grandfather speaks heavy Italian... and I couldn't understand a word he said.''' ,'''I grew up as a fairly poor kid in, you know, Toronto, Canada. I don't think I owned any new clothes until I was, like, 15 or something. They were all second-hand and forged from paper.''' ,'''I'm a musical theater aficionado, a.k.a. loser.''' ,'''What I would love is a crossover between 'Royal Pains' and 'Burn Notice,' that we could be involved in some sort of gun play intrigue. I would really love that because we have no guns. We have nowhere near enough explosions and guns on the set.''' ,'''In high school, my first thing ever was I played Tony in 'West Side Story' when I was about 17. I was a really shy kid, and I just, like, forced myself to learn how to sing this one month because I loved 'West Side Story' so much, and I somehow managed to get the role.''' ,'''No one ever comes up to me and says, 'Hey man, I loved your work in 'Road Trip.' They say, 'Are you that guy?' Like, they have no idea. 'Were you in 'American Pie 2?'''' ,'''I've always wanted to play Jerry Seinfeld's son, actually, because he's the only person who anyone ever says I look like, in my entire - ever in my life.''' ,'''I'm an east coaster, you know, I'm brought up in Toronto where it's very much, like, kind of a miniature New York in that there's a subway and you're surrounded by people a lot and, you know, you bump into people and you have interactions and you communicate and la la la.''' ,'''My parents were hippies. They met at an ashram, where they were studying how to be enlightened.''' ,'''I started out more interested in drama, but comedy just came naturally to me, and it's become what I'm most known for, even though my sensibilities still lean towards the dramatic for the most part.''' ,]
+++