+++
author = "Doug Davidson"
title = "Doug Davidson Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Doug Davidson Quotes"
keywords = "doug davidson,doug davidson quotes,doug davidson quote,doug davidson sayings,doug davidson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always wanted to host a show, throw whipped-cream pies. Theater is not my cup of tea.''' ,'''For me, personally, I really get a kick out of game shows. I like the play-along factor.''' ,'''If you win all the time, you lose the drama in life. To make the happy moments happy, you need the sad moments too.''' ,'''One of the things I think you need to be a good emcee is silliness. And I'm basically a silly guy.''' ,'''I used to let a lot of unimportant things bother me. I don't anymore. Right now, things are going great in my life. It used to be when that happened, I would be waiting for something to go wrong. Now I don't expect that - if something negative does happen, I'll deal with it, learn from it and realize it is the way it is supposed to be.''' ,'''I think its really matured a lot. I like the fact that there is now more to do there than gamble, since I don't do a lot of that. The people are great. I seldom have time for vacations and when I do I prefer the beach instead of the desert.''' ,'''I hope that 9/11 has grouped us as one, and in doing so it has united us. Perhaps as a unit we can help each other get ahead, survive and succeed in this free world. And hey guys, let's not forget out manners!!''' ,'''I lost my mother, who suffered from Alzheimer's disease, and we had to relocate my dad after 58 years in the family home. That was tough.''' ,'''The crew members for 'The Price Is Right' at night are the same guys who work 'Y&R' during the day. It's even in the same studio. I've been in the place for 15 years. So all the faces at 'The Price Is Right' are familiar.''' ,'''My priorities are my family and my job. I have little time for much else.''' ,'''It's much easier for me to be silly than it is to be serious on soap opera.''' ,'''My favorite tennis player, who I'm amazed by, is Roger Federer.''' ,'''I have a TV Soap Boomerang award, and I always start my year with the Australian Open tennis! Tennis, soccer, you name it.''' ,'''Father's Day was great, but all the family gatherings brought up my mother's death. Maybe it's me, because I am a wimp. We would get together, but there was someone missing!''' ,'''We moved to a place where we felt the children could have as normal an upbringing as possible. Los Angeles was not it. We live in a place with clean air and animals.''' ,'''I like to sail. My son Caden and I are avid sailors.''' ,]
+++