+++
author = "Donald Driver"
title = "Donald Driver Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Donald Driver Quotes"
keywords = "donald driver,donald driver quotes,donald driver quote,donald driver sayings,donald driver saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You want a friend who's going to tell you the truth. That's what it's about. If you don't have a friend who's going to tell you the truth every time something comes up, you feel like he's not a true friend.''' ,'''I've always said I never want to wear another uniform. I've always said that I owe it to the fans to retire as a Packer. I feel like I can still play, but if I can't play for my organization, then I can't play for anyone else.''' ,'''I'm not trying to be the highest-paid receiver in the National Football League. I've never received that, and that's not ever going to happen. So I'm fine with what I have, I make good money, and I'm happy about it.''' ,'''I work out every day, and I challenge myself. I've got a couple of friends who do CrossFit; I'm not a huge CrossFit guy, but I love the challenge.''' ,'''I like to work from home. I do most of my writing in bed, late at night after everyone has gone to sleep. I need to be alone with my thoughts, and late at night is about the only time that can actually happen.''' ,'''I grew up homeless, you know, lived in and out of U-Haul trucks and, you know, apartment houses, friends.''' ,'''I play in front of 70,000 fans week in and week out, and I may drop the ball in practice, I may run the ball the wrong way, but once it's game time, it's game on.''' ,'''I'm a family guy. I want to be home with my family, want to spend as much time with my family as I can.''' ,'''My kids know there's no candy, no soda, until the weekend. Those are the days they get to indulge in their sweets. We're big on organic food. I'm not a diet guy; I don't believe in diets. I just believe in a great meal plan.''' ,'''People have always challenged me. People told me I was going to get this big beer belly when I got done playing. But I work out six days a week, and when I turn 40, I'm going to still have that six pack.''' ,'''You know, even though I feel that I can still play the game, God has made the answer clear to me. Retirement is now. I have to retire as a Green Bay Packer.''' ,'''There is no way I could have played fourteen years in the NFL if I didn't work my butt off on the practice field perfecting my technique or spend hours upon hours in the film room studying defenses.''' ,'''Growing up the way I grew up, food was scarce. So when you had an opportunity to eat, you ate. When I graduated from high school and went to college, I weighed 160 pounds. So, I knew I had to put on the weight. I ate everything from fried food to fried chicken wings. When I came to Green Bay, I did the same thing because I was 172 pounds.''' ,'''I love it right now. I love being retired. I think I retired at a perfect time in my career. Now I get an opportunity to spend time with my wife and kids and get to be very supportive of them. My son is playing football right now. My daughter is in gymnastics. Both are competing at a high level. So it came at the right time.''' ,'''Writing is a lot of fun for me; that's not to say it's easy, but I really do enjoy it.''' ,'''It starts in the home environment. If the parents eat bad? Those kids are going to eat bad. If they see their parents stopping at McDonald's or Pizza Hut, then that's what they're going to eat as well.''' ,'''It took me 13 years to win a Super Bowl. But it only took me one season to win a 'mirror ball.'''' ,'''I'm born and raised in Houston, Texas, but Wisconsin is always going to be a home for me, and I'll always be back.''' ,'''I've done a lot of kale as well as broccoli. I love it. Asparagus I couldn't stand before, but now it is part of my meals. All three of those are greens that I never used to eat. Now, a smoothie for me is nothing but fruits and veggies and vanilla Greek yogurt.''' ,'''This is an opportunity to walk away from the game knowing that I've given it all that I can.''' ,'''What defines greatness is when you hold all the records and what you mean to your fans, on and off the field, because that is who ranks you as the greatest receiver of all-time. The guy that holds all the records, the guy that has set the stage for all of us, you have to give it to Jerry Rice.''' ,'''God has blessed me to be where I'm at today. All the trials and tribulations I faced throughout my career and life. Look at where I'm at now, I'm the all-time Packers leading receiver of that franchise. That tells you a lot.''' ,'''Everywhere I go now, people are like, 'That's the guy from 'Dancing With the Stars!' It's pretty good that you're not just a football player but you're in the entertainment world.''' ,]
+++