+++
author = "Joe Keery"
title = "Joe Keery Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Joe Keery Quotes"
keywords = "joe keery,joe keery quotes,joe keery quote,joe keery sayings,joe keery saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I first auditioned for 'Stranger Things,' I was just living in Chicago. Just looking for a job. Working at a restaurant, doing commercials and bit parts on shows. I honestly would have been happy booking anything.''' ,'''All of the John Carpenter movies scared the crap out of me when I was a kid.''' ,'''You just gotta live your life and do it your way.''' ,'''I have four sisters, three younger sisters, so I've been an older sibling to people before.''' ,'''I went to DePaul University Theatre School in Chicago, Illinois.''' ,'''A lot of people don't expect people to live in Chicago. But Chicago is a sick city.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of 'Parks and Rec.'''' ,'''I wear pretty tight jeans in real life.''' ,'''The music that I really jive with is the ELO sound and maybe Wings as well.''' ,'''I was pretty obsessed with 'Saturday Night Live.'''' ,'''I live in Chicago, and I play in a band there.''' ,'''Do I get recognized? I guess it depends on if I'm wearing a hat or not. The hairdo is a dead giveaway. There's nothing I can do. It's just the way my hair grows.''' ,'''I really liked sports and athletic stuff, but I was a total nerd.''' ,'''Cate Blanchett is somebody who's transformed herself in so many different ways and worked with so many amazing actors and directors. If I was gonna model my career after somebody's, it would definitely be hers.''' ,'''I've never been on a date.''' ,'''I had friends - and I had situations - where you spend so much time hanging out with your girlfriend that you lose touch with other people. You only really have this one person - and when that person starts to let go, you almost feel like you need to clamp on even harder, you know?''' ,'''Some people say, 'Oh, you look just like the guy from 'Stranger Things.' And I'm like, 'I am the guy.' And they think I'm totally joking.''' ,'''People have always been like, 'You've got a wild head of hair!'''' ,'''Mostly, people want to take pictures sometimes of me, or they'll say, 'Hey.' That's been kinda cool.''' ,'''The best sequels throughout time keep what you really like about the first thing, but they aren't afraid to do their own thing for the next season and kind of grow, in a way.''' ,'''I've been doing both music and acting since I was pretty little. Just for fun. Being able to peruse both professionally is the greatest thing in the whole world.''' ,'''I don't wash my hair really too much, and I just roll out of bed and try to push it out of my eyes.''' ,'''When I used to live in Chicago - went to school there for four years and lived there for two years after - the whole time, I worked at this restaurant called DMK, and people would come in, and I would wait on their tables, and they would say, 'Oh my gosh, man. You look like the dude from 'Parks and Rec.' You look like Jean-Ralphio.'''' ,'''I definitely wasn't a perfect person in high school. That is the time to make mistakes, especially with significant others and also with friends.''' ,'''Everybody's asking me what type of shampoo I use, and I'm like... 4 years of buildup right here.''' ,'''For a long time, my dad was always on me about cutting my hair. 'Get a haircut. Gel your hair. You've got to do something to get your hair to stay down. It's too big; get it down! It's too crazy.'''' ,'''I've primarily worked with actors the same age as me for the past four years, so working with somebody who is 10 years younger than me, you learn a whole different set of skills.''' ,'''To put it simply, people who are strangers to me will come up and say, 'Are you that guy from that show?' I'll be like, 'Yeah,' and they'll say, 'Oh, nice job.' And really, for the most part, it's people showing appreciation for the work you've done.''' ,'''I'd say that every haircut I've had has been a bad haircut.''' ,'''Everyone thinks they're the hero in their own story.''' ,'''Certain things will always hurt: rejection, or loss.''' ,'''I can't even imagine being Matt and Ross Duffer.''' ,'''It's not like I really do anything for my hair; I just wash it every three to four days.''' ,]
+++