+++
author = "Nicola Peltz"
title = "Nicola Peltz Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Nicola Peltz Quotes"
keywords = "nicola peltz,nicola peltz quotes,nicola peltz quote,nicola peltz sayings,nicola peltz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have six brothers and one sister. I grew up playing ice hockey, a total tomboy, and that's what I thought I was going to do - be an ice-hockey player.''' ,'''You see people, you judge. It's just the human thing to do - good or bad, it's a fact. Like when you get a coffee at Starbucks and the person is rude to you. My mom always says, 'Yeah, but you don't know what kind of day they're having.' You don't know the back-story, and that's why it's so fun to be an actor and to get into the back-story.''' ,'''My role is Katara: in 'The Last Airbender,' I'm a water bender from the southern water tribe, and my character is really strong but also loving.''' ,'''I have six brothers and one sister, and I was an ice hockey player when I was younger. I think my dad thought I was going to be in the women's league for ice hockey. But, I totally fell in love with drama in grade school, and I asked my mom if I could get involved with it.''' ,'''When I was 12, I got a manager, but my mom was against it. It took a lot of convincing. But when I got a job at Manhattan Theatre Club, I think she saw how passionate I was about it and that I worked really hard - and now she's super supportive.''' ,'''I saw 'Paranormal Activity' on Halloween with all my friends. It scared me, but it was so much fun.''' ,'''I'll always be the baby in the family. I'm the youngest sister, but growing up with so many boys, it makes you tough. You get teased. There's no tiptoeing around each other. You say it the way it is; you're honest.''' ,]
+++