+++
author = "John Pinette"
title = "John Pinette Quotes"
quotes_len = "85"
description = "the best 85 John Pinette Quotes"
keywords = "john pinette,john pinette quotes,john pinette quote,john pinette sayings,john pinette saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew up in Malden. Genetically, I was born to be as close to Kelly's Roast Beef as possible.''' ,'''I have issues with food and weight and I can make that funny. The audience loves it. I have fun with it.''' ,'''Just coming to L.A. to be a comic and an actor, it's not the kindest world to come to. There's a lot of rejection, which I'm not used to. I hate rejection, but it's about 90 percent of the business.''' ,'''You can learn to be great, you really can. You've got to work all the time.''' ,'''I started off doing impressions. It was a comfortable way to get started.''' ,'''All I'm really doing is talking about going on diets and... just about being a big guy. Why should that be any different from a comic that says, 'I was an alcoholic,' or, 'I was in a bad relationship?'''' ,'''It's a cliche, but my comedy is all about life.''' ,'''I take some ungodly pantyhose size. You've heard of 2X or 3X. I'm something horrible, like a 47X.''' ,'''It doesn't seem like I write the material it seems like the material comes to me and I write it down.''' ,'''I have no butt, none of the men in my family do.''' ,'''Call it fate, call it God, I call it God, but I think that I found what I was comfortable in this world with doing.''' ,'''Vegans go to the store and they buy 50,000-pound bags of almonds. And they make it into stuff they wish they could eat.''' ,'''The guy who made the shoes for 'Hairspray' said putting shoes on me was like putting a pump on a ham. I found out that if I ever was to dress like a woman, I would not be buying off the rack.''' ,'''I want to talk about being a big guy... it's not a fat joke. It's a joke about living the way you live.''' ,'''I denied my comic thing there for awhile. I always made people laugh, but my family said that's not the real world, I had to put on a suit and tie and be serious.''' ,'''I went a nutritionist... I walk into his office he goes, 'Well, the good news is, you can have all the salad you want.' I don't want any salad! He wanted me to eat salad. As a food!''' ,'''At home, I have a healthy regular diet... But on the road, you find yourself at 11 o'clock at night, after a great show at a performing-arts center, and there's nothing open but a pizza place.''' ,'''In my case, I don't eat a lot before a show. I eat after. But I do two shows and it becomes part of my reward system. 'I made people laugh. I deserve a pizza.'''' ,'''There's a lot of life out there.''' ,'''I really am part whale. I want to do a movie like 'The Incredible Mr. Limpet' and join a family of whales.''' ,'''I could go out and talk about President Clinton... or some issue, but people will be on either side. But everyone eats. It's the international language, like Esperanto.''' ,'''My philosophy in life is just to laugh as much as possible through the good and the bad - to laugh at the tragedies as well as the triumphs.''' ,'''I'm not a trained singer, I'm not a trained dancer.''' ,'''I was raised to believe you eat hamburgers, mashed potatoes and gravy, and cheesecake for dessert. In California they eat tofu burgers, fat-free applesauce and cake with no sugar. Hopefully, in between, there's a happy medium for me.''' ,'''I eat healthy. The only problem is late-night eating. It's the Sumo Diet, they eat and go to sleep and that's how they get them that big.''' ,'''Let's face it, it's a skinny world out there.''' ,'''Hollywood has a lot of barriers set up for everyone. If you can live with it, and you can break through, then you're going to do OK.''' ,'''Any kind of change in your life creates more material for me, because I say in my act 'It ain't comedy, it's my life.'''' ,'''I liked Jonathan Winters for his character development.''' ,'''When you're big to the point that you're unhealthy, it's like you see life through a window. You can look at everything going on, but now I can experience it.''' ,'''I talk about my life; it is the funniest thing I can think of.''' ,'''I snagged the biggest bandwagon in history. Just when the buffet stuff was running out, now I'm the 'Seinfeld' guy. Somebody up there likes me. That's why I never worry. Something always comes up.''' ,'''I'm a big guy, but I don't do 'I'm so fat that... ' jokes.''' ,'''I do a lot of dialects in my act, including Irish, because I grew up in a neighbourhood that was predominantly Irish and Italian.''' ,'''Being asked to be in the last episode of 'Seinfeld' is not something you pass on. It was a great honor.''' ,'''I don't really sing.''' ,'''I do a bunch of things when I'm in St. Louis. I went on the Anheuser-Busch tour they had to drag me out of there. I walked into that room with the 30,000 gallon keg of beer, and I said, 'This will be my new home'... I mean, I was genuinely happy.''' ,'''I'd done the movie 'The Punisher,' and Travolta was in that, though we didn't have scenes together. We met at the premiere and he's a very nice man.''' ,'''I'm one of the larger mammals. Everyone in my family was large, mom and dad, my two older sisters. If you meet a skinny person in my family, you say, 'And you are married to who?'''' ,'''I watch a lot of CNN and the Food Network. Now, I'm learning how to cook healthy - when I was a kid low-fat was a Chinese gangster.''' ,'''I walk into a Home Depot and it's like everything in there needs assembly. I start hyperventilating. I need the inhaler.''' ,'''You see, I've always had this thing in that I love to make people laugh, I want to entertain people.''' ,'''Sometimes you do have to throw caution to the wind and you really have to not be afraid to suck.''' ,'''You know, working with puppets - there is just something about it. Because the puppet takes on its own personality.''' ,'''In standup, you look for a common ground that people have.''' ,'''Gravity is a law. I respect the law.''' ,'''The best way to become a better stand-up guy is to take a break from it and do other things.''' ,'''I never dreamed that I would be part of a Broadway show.''' ,'''I really don't do fat jokes. I talk about the trials and tribulations of being a large mammal in America.''' ,'''I have no problem joking about who I am.''' ,'''People have been trained to believe that comedy is the five- and 10-minute segments that you see on TV. But in 10 minutes, you can't really talk about yourself.''' ,'''My family is trying to drag me kicking and screaming into the normal world. Please, I live in hotel rooms.''' ,'''There's nothing like live performance.''' ,'''Ron White is pretty great at what he does.''' ,'''I was an accountant for six months, and for the last three, I didn't do much work.''' ,'''I would describe my comedy as my skewed comic perception of life.''' ,'''I worked at a mortgage company, and after I left, most of the office went to jail.''' ,'''I made $225.81 a week as an accountant, and I went to $400 a week as a stand-up. I was up to $800 a week when I went out to L.A. In L.A., I made $25.''' ,'''Opening for Mr. Sinatra in 1991 enabled me to do Vegas more as an opening act. I did the Superdome with him, probably nine arenas over a year and a half, and his second-to-last appearance at the Desert Inn in Vegas.''' ,'''Salad isn't a meal. Salad's the stuff that comes with a meal.''' ,'''When I really want to get healthy people don't believe me.''' ,'''If I was 120 pounds, I still ain't going white-water rafting.''' ,'''A great deal of my comedy comes from the trials and tribulations of growing up a big kid in the Boston area.''' ,'''I started swimming. I frolic like Free Willy.''' ,'''You go out, you order a steak. What do they do? They bring you a salad. They don't even charge you anything for it, cause it ain't worth anything, cause it ain't food!''' ,'''When I moved from Boston to L.A., I floundered. I definitely did time at the Improv and the Comedy Store, making 20 bucks a night. I learned how to be a starving comic. I was an in-debt comic: I ate well on loan.''' ,'''My routine isn't so much dreaming up the comedy as just seeing what happens to me. I seem to be leading a very funny life.''' ,'''All I want to do is entertain. I want to get good laughs and I want to entertain.''' ,'''I just feel like there are a lot of funny things that happen in this world and I guess that's for the good and the bad.''' ,'''No matter what, I'll never be tiny.''' ,'''I grew up poor. To me, interior decorating is my big-screen TV, my couch and my Simpsons poster.''' ,'''I did a lot of dues-paying in L.A. that I didn't pay in Boston because I was kind of a success there. It was all worth it, I guess.''' ,'''I've been heavy my whole life. I've been up and down, and I can tell you that down is much better.''' ,'''People have told me, 'It's part of your act, you're big, it's part of your persona.' Well, as I've lost weight, my act has grown.''' ,'''I don't think most comics look at their early stuff and think, 'wow... that was great!'''' ,'''Singing on Broadway terrified me more than anything I've done.''' ,'''I knew if I wanted to live past mid-life I would have to lose some weight.''' ,'''On the set, you do a movie shoot, you go, 'OK, was that OK, how was that?' You dont know, you're not sure.''' ,'''I have a tendency to be larger than life.''' ,'''For some reason, people enjoy seeing me lose my cherub-like demeanor.''' ,'''I was a very bad accountant. I knew the book theory, but I didn't have the heart for it. I did it for six months, and my job was to distract the auditors with jokes.''' ,'''I guest-starred on 'Alf.' I played a stand-up comic Howie Anderson.''' ,'''I have had some success. And it's all been wonderful, and a growing process for me. But it's nothing to my family compared to being in a musical.''' ,'''I have to view life comically. It's the only way I could get through it.''' ,'''Larger people do not get a lot to play in the theater.''' ,]
+++