+++
author = "Krs-One"
title = "Krs-One Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Krs-One Quotes"
keywords = "krs-one,krs-one quotes,krs-one quote,krs-one sayings,krs-one saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Only love is consistent because only love is unconditional.''' ,'''If you vote for evil, you are evil yourself.''' ,'''I honestly now know that I'm the physical embodiment of hip-hop on earth. That's my only purpose here on earth is to keep the culture together long enough for it to remain everything that we thought it could be when I was coming up.''' ,'''My theory is that hip-hop is the most advanced version of civilisation on earth, and we are here to usher the rest of humanity into the Age of Aquarius.''' ,'''In the future, hip-hop is going to be called American folklore.''' ,'''When you know your self-worth, and you read and you ask questions and you study and you travel, you become free.''' ,'''The idea of New Zealanders sounding like Americans is not it. You got to rhyme in your language, your accent.''' ,'''Rap is something you live; hip hop is something you do.''' ,'''Maybe I'm the prophet of hip hop for real. Maybe I do come with some kind of divine principle behind me, because I know that every battle I've ever had I've always won.''' ,'''I have to put a business model together because certain businesses are approaching me as a legend, as if I'm on my way out. Same goes for the way I get presented on the VH1 Hip Hop Honors and BET. I get lifetime achievement awards because of who I am and what I've done, but they want to put me in a place, as if I'm on my way out.''' ,'''Illiteracy causes violence. If you don't have enough words in your vocabulary, you can't even seek your way out of a situation.''' ,'''High respect goes out to our mothers, our single mothers. This is why today the real community uplifts femininity and holds womanhood above, not equal to, masculinity.''' ,'''When you do an album, you don't get to test an album live.''' ,'''Record companies feel they are the culture. Hip-hop has to begin to define, protect, and promote itself, and that's why we founded the Temple.''' ,'''Graffiti art brings you back to your human skills - your spirit and what your being is really about.''' ,'''Radio has always been just disgusting.''' ,'''You have to be educated to vote.''' ,'''Everything God wants you to know is already written in your heart.''' ,'''I don't see enough peace talk in society.''' ,'''I look at it like this: you may only sell 20,000 to 100,000 albums. But those albums are going to be heard by future doctors, lawyers, judges, firemen, etc. Those albums are being sold to the right people that move society. They're interested in what you have to say.''' ,'''Self-management and self-control are the keys to advanced knowledge, and both are difficult to learn without a sense of your own cultural identity.''' ,'''Before I came out, there was no such thing as a black conciousness movement. Kids on the street didn't know who Malcom X or Martin Luther King was until rap let them know.''' ,'''Ask any rapper or singer what artist they are an expert on. What artist are they looking to emulate, and really, what artist is the one person they are an expert on? You see, if you want any kind of longevity, if you want any kind of legacy, you need to know what ancestral line you are from.''' ,'''Hip-hop is a worldwide culture. We have permeated every urban environment.''' ,'''Violence on the community stops when the soul matures.''' ,'''It's always baffled me why BET looks the way it does. This is Black Entertainment Television. Why are we up there, then, looking like idiots? It's because black people are marketing black people like that.''' ,'''When my time is up in hip-hop, it's going to remain what Afrika Bambaataa thought it was supposed to be. It's going to remain what Kool Herc thought it was supposed to be; what Wu-Tang Clan sees it as; what Outkast sees it as; what Snoop Dogg sees it as. People are trying to forget that brand of hip-hop.''' ,'''I think music should be free. I think all communication should be free. I think people should respect artists, and there should be a certain respect for artists who give their music away for free.''' ,'''Every generation brings its own presentation of what hip-hop is to them.''' ,'''The truth is nobody was a Muslim until Public Enemy came out. Then, everybody was Muslim this and Muslim that. It's a bandwagon thing. Islam is a way of life... it's a religion. It's not just something you put on a record.''' ,'''Even with so many artists using auto-tune, there's still a growing group of artists rising up and going in the opposite direction, making music that's real and fresh. And those cats are getting back to the basics without auto-tune. And a lot of those cats are packing out venues without getting played on the radio!''' ,'''You must have an opinion about yourself, some kind of meaning to yourself, a purpose, if you are really going to learn anything or develop into that which you desire to be.''' ,'''Hate reveals itself for what it really is - evil! It cannot see clearly, so it exposes itself at every turn, and those that truly love can see it.''' ,'''I don't sell millions of records. As a matter of fact, I'm not even interested in selling millions of records. I enjoy MCing. I make a decent amount of money. I can feed my kids. I keep a roof over my head. I don't have to sell a million records to maintain my lifestyle.''' ,'''When you seek to do something, if you don't know the whole game plan, you're usually going to work against yourself.''' ,'''What is American education? What should our students be taught? Is hip-hop something that is worthwhile and useful for students to learn? Of course, if you're learning it from KRS-One, I would say yes.''' ,'''Young people may be stupid at times, but they respond to the truth when it is present, and for them, KRS-One is the truth!''' ,'''No child is racist. A child is born, and then they go through the educational system.''' ,'''Rap is no longer a pastime; this is a worldwide profession.''' ,'''Original hip hop manipulated technologies of all sorts; it was not manipulated by the technology itself.''' ,'''I think that Napster is the greatest invention since sliced bread. Napster, to me, is liberation and freedom for artists.''' ,'''I'm the most humble rapper in the industry.''' ,'''When you're not attached to anything, nothing can harm you. When people become attached, they can be harmed. I know this, so I don't attach myself to anything, really.''' ,'''I existed before the mainstream. Why would I join them? I watched the mainstream come up, and now I'm watching it collapse. I don't want to be a part of that.''' ,'''The only time you had blacks, whites, and Latinos jamming together was in hip-hop. It's an unsung history.''' ,'''There was no hip-hop before Afrika Bambaataa.''' ,'''For KRS-One, I have a specific sound - sparse drums and bass. I try to steer away from elaborate productions.''' ,'''Hate is indeed self-destructive, and this is what real Hip Hop must avoid at all cost.''' ,'''Educate yourself, because this society is geared to have us hate each other. The longer we hate each other, the more we can't come together as humanity and look at the knuckleheads screwing it up for everybody.''' ,'''I flew everywhere for the first 10 years of my career, and I started to not like commercial transport. I just don't feel safe.''' ,'''When I wake up in the morning, do I think I'm a role model? Yes. I'm not trying to have a pristine image, because a real role model shows you to the good and ugly.''' ,'''You can never be too old for hip-hop.''' ,'''I was born in Hip Hop. That's all I ever needed.''' ,'''People say I contradict myself because I come gangsta and teach at the same time. I don't want to be too much on either side, but I do want to speak to all audiences.''' ,'''When we say, 'Look, Donald Trump was a friend to hip hop back in the day; so was Bill Clinton,' It doesn't mean that because he was a friend to hip hop back in the day, that the same Bill Clinton wasn't at the lead of this mass incarceration of African Americans today.''' ,'''I find it fascinating how hip hop as a culture mirrors every mythology from the beginning of mythology. The concept of the single mother and child - the Madonna concept. Hip-hoppers were raised in that.''' ,'''I'm here to inspire young people to be part of the most magnificent culture on earth: hip-hop.''' ,'''It seems like racism in the United States is overflowing.''' ,'''The single most important lesson I learned is that black people are the cause of black people's demise.''' ,'''Where I go, rap goes. Rap is like my dog; it's like my little pet. And where I go, I lead my little pet with me.''' ,'''I don't need my fans to buy my music. My music is free, basically.''' ,'''Hip Hop is an extension of our very being, and so the study of Hip Hop is the study of self-expression leading to the study of one's true self.''' ,'''When I was about 15 years old, I began to embark on an MC career but also to study philosophy with an emphasis on theology.''' ,'''Religion and God are totally separate. Religion is created by government. God is God.''' ,'''Bring the arts back, and treat it with respect.''' ,'''I am a poet, and I speak poetically.''' ,'''For me, I see myself as a role model because, everything I do, there is a person somewhere who needs to hear me spread a message of non-violent conflict resolution.''' ,'''This is the problem with the United States: there's no leadership. A leader would say, 'Police brutality is an oxymoron. There are no brutal police. The minute you become brutal you're no longer police.' So, what, we're not dealing with police. We're dealing with a federally authorized gang.''' ,'''In one sense, I wanted to study philosophy and theology, getting into the history of the Bible. I went through that for, like, two years while I took a desk job at Warners. It was very depressing but exhilarating at the same time.''' ,'''There has always been a conscious effort to destroy any upliftment of the black race, whether that be physically, mentally, psychologically, morally, culturally, or economically.''' ,'''I kind of backed into rap music. I thought I was going to do comic books or graphic art.''' ,'''The only solution to the education system is to find yourself.''' ,'''I don't even want my music on mainstream radio. They don't deserve it. They destroy careers.''' ,'''I do have a desire to bring a spiritual tone to the hip-hop community, which may force me to open a facility that teaches spiritual principles through the language of hip-hop culture.''' ,'''Hip Hop is an idea. It is the pursuit of one's authentic being through the arts. It is not a physical thing; it is an attitude - even an aptitude.''' ,'''There's no distinction. A teacher is a preacher. The teachers in public schools are preachers, and the preachers in church are teachers.''' ,'''The Temple of Hip-Hop makes sure that we don't just approach hip-hop just through music or through rap. We approach the totality of hip-hop.''' ,'''No one ever really talks about the punk-rock involvement in hip-hop, which influenced Afrika Bambaata.''' ,'''I'm hoping to make the kind of difference in my lifetime that allows me to be remembered positively.''' ,'''Hip hop is a human skill, and the practice of real hip hop should remind us of our humanity.''' ,'''If the radio ever played my music, I would sue them. And they know it, which is why they don't play my music.''' ,'''I'm not a fan of public school at all; I think it's one of the greatest catastrophes of American history.''' ,'''When rap music needed to have a teacher, I became it.''' ,'''I would say my flow is Aboriginal. Look at my face, nose, lips, and eyes.''' ,'''Hip-hop is not about crime. Hip-hop is not about being a gangster.''' ,'''How can you call yourself a cosmopolitan modern person if you don't know what hip-hop is?''' ,'''The Temple of HipHop has declared HipHop its own religion. We believe HipHop is divine. HipHop proves the existence of God.''' ,'''Many of us were raised without a father, and the subject of deadbeat dads hits home in a lot of areas. Most of all, doing a song about being a father to your daughter flies straight in the face of the argument that says hip-hop is misogynistic.''' ,'''Every ten years, we get a new old school. In 1987, we thought 1977 was the best era in hip-hop. Here we are in 2007, and we're discussing '97/'98, when 50 Cent just started.''' ,'''I came from the heart of the ghetto - there ain't no suburbia in me.''' ,'''If you don't know hip-hop, at least a little bit of it, you can't even call yourself an American.''' ,'''Jermaine Dupri is a b-boy, and he's dope.''' ,'''DMX - everything this brother spits is hot. Everything. This is the heat right here. When I stand next to MCs, this is who I wanna stand next to.''' ,'''I mistakably paid respect and condolences to the wrong Beastie Boy member King Ad-Rock when it should have been MCA. In light of this, I am redoing the song 'Hip Hop Speaks From Heaven' and I am pulling the original version off of my digital release. Historical accuracy is extremely important to me, so I accept all responsibility for this error.''' ,'''Why isn't there any 50-year-old MCs killing it? I'm 46. Am I the only one? I can't wait to get to 50. I'm going to let everybody know it! I'm going to wear a shirt that says 'I'm 50.'''' ,'''The ones that sell the most aren't the ones that are remembered.''' ,'''When you know the law, you're above the law. When you break the law, you're under the law.''' ,'''I am a youth minister, ordained by the Riverside Church in upper New York. But to declare myself a minister and begin to preach from the pulpit, from the Bible, to a congregation and to build a church, so to speak - I don't have a desire for that.''' ,'''There is no forgiveness, justice, or healing on any level when hate is involved.''' ,'''Every ghetto kid that walks the earth can see something in KRS-One that reminds him of himself.''' ,]
+++