+++
author = "Frances Tiafoe"
title = "Frances Tiafoe Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Frances Tiafoe Quotes"
keywords = "frances tiafoe,frances tiafoe quotes,frances tiafoe quote,frances tiafoe sayings,frances tiafoe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you stop working hard, that's when things get to your head.''' ,'''The U.S. Open is so special, and I'm not even saying that as an American. I just can't envision a better atmosphere.''' ,'''I'm really trying to understand my game.''' ,'''The thing is, everybody wants to be famous. Everybody wants to be successful. Everybody wants to be that dude, but not everybody wants to do the work for it. And I think that's probably one of the reasons why there's so many juniors and only a couple that make it. Because I really wanted it. I wanted it real bad.''' ,'''Anybody plays a good match, you can beat anybody on a given day.''' ,'''It's good to bring a different feel to tennis, and that's what I feel like I bring. I bring a different feel, a different swagger to tennis. I'm very easygoing, and very nonchalant, it looks like, when I'm out there - I've got a little strut, and I like that.''' ,'''Being the number one seed, you're thinking you don't want to lose in the second round.''' ,'''Some days, obviously, I am like 'Today is not the day,' but you got to push through, especially when my aspirations are to be pro, you can't have any bad days.''' ,'''Being back home is a great thing for me, being with my family, being with friends, being with people that have got your back no matter what.''' ,'''When I told people that I wanted to grow up to be a tennis player, they laughed at me. My dad has always been supportive, but he was laughing, too.''' ,'''It was not until I got sponsored at 12 that I finally owned a racket.''' ,'''It's all about competing.''' ,'''Love the people that want to support you, love the people who are there for you, because you definitely earned that right.''' ,'''I never try to get ahead of myself because there's nothing that bothers me more than cockiness. I don't think that's necessary at all.''' ,'''Playing in a main draw Grand Slam is something you dream about as a kid.''' ,'''Clay... is my favorite surface.''' ,'''All credit to Robby Ginepri. He's helped me a lot.''' ,'''I know it's a cliche to say, 'There isn't anything you can't do if you believe,' but that's something I subscribe to, even if it's corny.''' ,'''I know in the back of my head I have a Grand Slam win, which definitely takes a lot off of me, a big load off.''' ,'''I'm putting constant pressure on my opponents and really dictating play.''' ,'''People in tennis, they've been in a certain bubble for so long they don't even know who they are, because obviously it's just been tennis, tennis, tennis. And let it be just tennis, tennis, tennis. Be locked into that. But when tennis is done, then what? It's kinda like: Let's enjoy being great at the sport.''' ,'''My goal isn't to be a top junior. It's to be a top pro.''' ,'''I want to take initiative; I know my game and I know what I need to do to win.''' ,'''As far as myself, I want to see myself hold a Grand Slam, be at the top of the game.''' ,'''Obviously, maturity helps, knowing that you definitely have to make every day a good day. If not, somebody else is out there putting in the work.''' ,'''I'm not perfect. But I hold myself to a high standard every day.''' ,'''I want young kids to play tennis because of me.''' ,'''Obviously it's how bad do you really want to be successful, essentially. Like, what does that really mean to you? Why are you doing it?''' ,'''I don't let it get to my head because there have been plenty of good juniors that haven't made it to the big stage.''' ,'''There was always a purpose in what I did on the court because at the end of the day, my parents, they sacrificed for me and my brother. I had to do it for them.''' ,'''I don't think our priority should be on immigrants. Obviously, they come to the States for a better life, so the last thing they want to do is rob a bank or do something bad.''' ,'''To get a former player that has been there and has that extra intel. Jose Higueras is a great coach for that and a great person as well.''' ,'''From the ground, I'm pretty solid from both sides. My form really helps me a lot and my backend complements it.''' ,'''For a while I feel like I can play against anyone in the world.''' ,'''I'm pretty close with a majority of the black tennis players.''' ,'''Tennis needs some different personalities and a lot more emotions.''' ,'''Serena's arguably the best athlete of all time, so getting to know her was surreal.''' ,'''I maximize every day.''' ,'''My mom, she wanted me to go to college and then after that you could do what you want.''' ,'''I try to treat everyone with love and respect. If you do that, you get the same back, if not more.''' ,'''I obviously wasn't a normal tennis story.''' ,'''Without my dad doing what he did, and without me putting in the hours, there wouldn't be any travelling the world or playing with the pros. He's a huge part of it.''' ,'''I just wanted to play and play and play. When everyone left, I'd stay on the court and hit serves or play against the wall.''' ,'''I learned that I could definitely play at a really high level and I definitely belong at this level.''' ,'''It really shaped me as a person going to DeMatha. Anyone that plays athletics or does music or does whatever, it teaches them to work to the best of their abilities.''' ,'''You start to take those opportunities when you do get a wildcard, but also you're allowed to say no - just because you get a wildcard doesn't mean you have to say yes. Some weeks I think its OK to take a wildcard, some weeks its not.''' ,'''To see my brother, see my friends, I think it builds character for me, just being accountable for myself.''' ,'''I was lucky; I got so many opportunities.''' ,'''Davis Cup helped me a lot. Being in that great atmosphere and having the chance to hit with top 50 guys everyday, being on the practice courts, that gave me a lot of confidence.''' ,'''I just want to be great.''' ,'''USTA helps me out a lot, the Tennis Center. I can't thank them enough.''' ,'''It's Roger Federer - this guy has about a million Grand Slams and done everything.''' ,'''I think Kevin Durant being that humble is huge.''' ,'''There are a bunch of young players coming up and doing incredible stuff.''' ,'''I want to really change people's lives with what I do for a living.''' ,'''I've had signs I can play at the highest level.''' ,'''I have fun when it's the right time to have fun, but when I lock in for practice and matches, I'm not worried about fun.''' ,'''I'm trying to... stay humble and keep doing what I do.''' ,'''I was born into a poor family but my family's good. I'm good and I'm going to do something great.''' ,'''I need to get a lot better.''' ,'''When I met Jay-Z and Beyonce I was in awe, stuttering like crazy. This guy grew up in the projects and he and Beyonce are a billionaire couple. The empires they've built, affecting so many lives, is unbelievable.''' ,'''I want to win titles like Delray and even bigger.''' ,'''I think winning at Wimbledon's huge. This is the biggest tournament in tennis for so many different reasons. You can see the history around the grounds. The Village around you, everyone lives for it.''' ,'''I'm very thankful for what I have. I don't want to let anyone down.''' ,'''I mean, sometimes you have to go to work.''' ,'''I knew I was going to play pro tennis when I was 12.''' ,'''How many years have I been watching the U.S. Open? Since I was a little kid.''' ,'''People outside of tennis, all the famous actors and everyone, knows Wimbledon.''' ,'''It's not like everything was given to me. I had to really work hard for it and earn it.''' ,'''It's an honor to play on the same team as some of the best players in the history of the game.''' ,'''My mom actively did not want me to play professionally.''' ,'''My parents were hardworking and still are. Everything I do is for them and the family.''' ,'''It's hard to win Grand Slams.''' ,'''My academy did a great job of getting my story out there for people to hear about me, get interested and wanted to fund me.''' ,'''It doesn't really matter who I turn pro with. What matters is where I take my tennis.''' ,'''Obviously, Jay Z definitely got my attention. I thought it was pretty cool that he wanted me on the team.''' ,'''Hopefully my era can help build the game.''' ,'''You can't forget your roots.''' ,'''I had a lot of Pokemon Pikachu t-shirts on court and hand-me-downs from other kids.''' ,'''Look, I'm not saying you can't make it if you grew up from a wealthy situation. I mean, a ton of people have.''' ,'''He's an absolute icon. Everything he brings, how he carries himself. Never having trouble with the media, never done anything wrong. He's a superstar for a reason. He's LeBron James for a reason.''' ,'''I always dreamed of being on center court, playing the best in the world.''' ,'''I've been playing against really good guys. Put myself in positions to win. Eventually I'll win more than I lose these.''' ,'''I'm going for the big moments - I want the big moments. I just tell myself, 'Remember the work you did, the things you went through. And keep going.'''' ,'''While turning pro had a lot of upside, for me, it could also have turned out to be a disaster.''' ,'''I've been on a tennis court all my life. The only thing that's been there longer is the net post.''' ,'''There's no reason trying to fit in: Just be you. That was the biggest thing for me, just being me, and finding what works for me.''' ,'''I have that balance of having fun - because I can need to have a ton of fun - but also locking it in at times.''' ,'''Guys are so good. It's just about how badly you want it. I want it real bad.''' ,'''If anything, you just let your racket talk - there's no reason for you to talk if your racket can.''' ,'''I don't want to be playing on Court 17 for the rest of my life.''' ,'''I just got to keep competing and keep believing.''' ,'''Since I was like eight, I always wanted to be playing pro tennis.''' ,'''I think my serve and trying to come forward a little more are what I need to work on.''' ,'''All these pros are getting better every day. You just want to catch up to them.''' ,'''This is what I've always wanted to do. I've always wanted to be a professional tennis player.''' ,'''I'm a pretty good problem solver.''' ,'''I think about all the kids that look up to me now... Things are possible if you go get it.''' ,'''I've played so many matches in my career so far where I played unbelievable, came up just short.''' ,'''Tennis is my life.''' ,]
+++