+++
author = "Jessica White"
title = "Jessica White Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Jessica White Quotes"
keywords = "jessica white,jessica white quotes,jessica white quote,jessica white sayings,jessica white saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I'm not working, I don't wear a lot of makeup. When I do, I like to accentuate my eyes and wear natural colors. I am also mindful of the proper way to apply concealer.''' ,'''I'd like to give people the hope and help I didn't have and that I had to learn by myself.''' ,'''Modelling, it's being an artist as well. It's just being a silent artist. It takes a lot of self-control and a lot of discipline.''' ,'''My mother and my father always had me in ballet and dance, and I sang in a girl's group.''' ,'''I don't want my daughters to grow up the way that I grew up. I want them to actually see Mommy in a fulfilled relationship that's amazing for her.''' ,'''You tell me the truth, and I am hooked for life, because the one thing that you can't find nowadays is the person who is going to be absolutely honest with you.''' ,'''The only way you can get to know each other is by hanging out.''' ,'''I moved back to Buffalo in 2009, and I had this moment where I wanted to have the best of both worlds. I wanted to be able to be in church and cook at home but then still get on a plane and fly back to New York and be this supermodel.''' ,'''I truly am living out what true joy and happiness means.''' ,'''I'm such a robot when it comes to work.''' ,'''I want young girls that I mentor and young girls all around the world who want to be a model to be able to see that there's a great deal of sacrifice.''' ,'''I like very masculine smells. I like wood scents on men. I just like a man to smell great, but I don't like very strong cologne. I don't like when a man is overpowered by cologne. I think subtle and sexy is always best.''' ,'''Men mess up. Women create this big illusion in their head that the man they're going to be with is going to be perfect. Nobody's going to be perfect, and people are going to let you down. The only thing that you can hope for is someone that's going to be honest with you.''' ,'''I live in Manhattan but travel all around the world; I moved to Paris when I was 16; I lived in London twice. It's kind of like, if I want to move somewhere, I don't have anything holding me back. I don't have children. If I wanna live in a certain place, I'll go. But I've lived everywhere, and I prefer New York to everything.''' ,'''I have male friends. I'm the type of girl that always had male friends, more male friends than female friends. So just because you see me with the person doesn't mean that I'm kicking it with them, hanging out with them, or we're romantically involved in any way, shape or form.''' ,'''I'm a poet first and foremost, before the modelling.''' ,'''My hair is my protection.''' ,'''I have 18 tattoos. My tattoos have kind of become their own person. Everybody does stories on them. It is risky to be successful in the fashion industry and to tat your body up, but I figured, the way that I made my career and the way that I am successful is because I have always been myself.''' ,'''Women, we are so strong! It took me so long to figure that out, but I realized just how strong a woman is.''' ,'''When you really see how much God loves you, there's no greater love than that, and I had to match that amount of love He had for me, which is the reason why I decided to take a vow of celibacy.''' ,'''I don't attack innocent people.''' ,'''I've always done method acting. I'm a method actor, and I've done that for years. I never did acting and decided to take it seriously because all the parts people want me to do were playing the pretty role. If I want to play someone pretty, I'll play myself.''' ,'''I have good and bad days like everyone else. I just try to be positive and surround myself with great people. When I think about all the great things and people I have had in my life, that gives me confidence.''' ,'''Fashion is constantly changing from decade to decade, but I don't see a change in how many black faces I see on the runway, and it's something we should talk about because it's a problem.''' ,'''I was doing the 'Vogue' fashion awards when I was 16, live on VH1. I was coming down the steps, and I'm a really hard walker. I hadn't had a mistake yet in my career. Everything had been perfect. So I come down the steps on live TV, and I slip. I didn't fall, but you could see the look on my face. I was mortified. I was devastated.''' ,'''I don't have anyone around me that's not spiritual.''' ,'''I'm a lot more creative than people can imagine.''' ,'''I am a woman who, you know, I run my own business. I don't need a man financially, for anything, but just to be a companion.''' ,'''There's so many misconceptions about me and my personality. People think I'm not a nice person, you know, or maybe a diva; not just about me, but the misconceptions of other models as well, or supermodels.''' ,'''Before I leave the earth, I'll have released a bunch of albums and a bunch of movies. I'm going to do it all. It's just that I have to strategically position myself on how I do it so that the world receives it.''' ,'''I'm a bat. All my greatest, creative ideas come at night. So I hardly ever sleep.''' ,'''I went through my rebellious phase, not in my teenage years, but around age 12. The year I decided I didn't want to do entertainment anymore, I was discovered. And I couldn't back down from that.''' ,'''I want a man who isn't questioning who he is. I want a man to be able to stand next to me and not disappear and not be emasculated by my success.''' ,'''I eat fast food all the time.''' ,'''I'm keeping my power to myself and my glow. I'm not giving anybody my glow anymore.''' ,'''A lot of people fall in love because you're sharing your body with someone. And sometimes you get it twisted, and you think that that's real love.''' ,'''People who love R&B will love my music, people who love rock will love my music. It's soulful, it's pop. It's a sound that relates to everyone.''' ,'''There's a part in a woman's soul, God has given it to every woman, and it's the part where you know whether he's telling the truth or not. Women see red flags.''' ,'''I don't feel safe around a lot of people.''' ,'''Be true to yourself, know that your are more than your face and body, and keep God first.''' ,'''I felt like if I wasn't sharing myself physically, I would actually get a chance to see the downfalls of my partner. I would be able to minimize my intake of being disappointed.''' ,]
+++