+++
author = "Ed Schultz"
title = "Ed Schultz Quotes"
quotes_len = "73"
description = "the best 73 Ed Schultz Quotes"
keywords = "ed schultz,ed schultz quotes,ed schultz quote,ed schultz sayings,ed schultz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always wanted to go on 'The View!'''' ,'''I never shop - my wife takes care of all of that.''' ,'''I think the United States has a nasty human-rights record.''' ,'''If you're going to have an exchange of ideas, the only thing you can do is to meet people face-to-face in front of a crowd who may think differently than you do. I mean, that's what democracy is about, isn't it?''' ,'''I'm prairie-dwelling, pro-union, pro-health care, and pro-education.''' ,'''I'm not prepared to be governor of New York. I'm a radio guy; I do a radio show. A radio show is entertainment. You need to move it along. When does a politician move anything along?''' ,'''Full disclosure: the Russians did not tell Hillary Clinton, 'Don't go to Wisconsin.'''' ,'''Not to get too grandiose about it, but I really believe I'm saying things a lot of Americans want someone to say.''' ,'''No poem in the world could do my mom justice. Despite circumstance and adversity, she had an unwavering love for her kids and a faith-based, boundless capacity for forgiveness.''' ,'''Money is not a measure of a man's character or success in the arena of public service.''' ,'''There is evidence Rand Paul has a real problem with women reporters.''' ,'''All Americans want what is best for America!''' ,'''I want to prove every day that liberal talkers can be successful at business.''' ,'''I've fished since I was a teenager. It's one of the most fantastic activities, and there's so much to it. I just love every facet of it. I've never had a bad day fishing.''' ,'''You can do TV and radio without the personal insults.''' ,'''Going to an interracial high school shaped my understanding of social justice and racial inequality.''' ,'''I'm not your quintessential liberal.''' ,'''Every time the conservatives get in trouble, they start pounding on this ridiculous idea that the liberals want to take their microphones. They want to get Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity off the air. That is a straw man argument throw out by the conservative broadcasters who are so out of material they are going to fear-monger their listeners.''' ,'''I feel very comfortable about being fair to Trump. I think I've been very fair to him.''' ,'''I do think that every super power on the globe has a very poor record on human rights.''' ,'''I'm a liberal - and I'm not running from that word!''' ,'''I admit that I'm fat.''' ,'''Radio is about emotion.''' ,'''It took a few years before I realized there was life after football.''' ,'''I lined up with the Republicans because they were antitax, and I wanted to make a lot of money.''' ,'''We never see any journalism or documentaries on the oceans and what we're doing on this Earth and how it affects the oceans and how important they are. I'm intrigued by it. It's almost an untold story.''' ,'''How did a prairie-dwelling, red-meat-eating, gun-toting former conservative become the hope of liberal radio? It all started with this annoying habit I have of speaking my mind.''' ,'''Trump gives public service a bad image. It's not about flash, it's not about wealth, and it's not about hairstyle. It's about doing something for people and being an advocate for the community you represent.''' ,'''The righties connect with Joe Beercan better than the Democrats do.''' ,'''I have a TV show, a radio show. I've authored two books. I own a construction company, own a commercial fishing lodge, and am a pilot.''' ,'''This is what the Republican party stands for, though: racism.''' ,'''In Russia, Vladimir Putin is viewed as a progressive Democrat.''' ,'''Nothing replaces hard work. The harder you work, the luckier you get.''' ,'''Many times, I was told what to lead with on MSNBC. Many times, I was told what I was not going to do.''' ,'''RT completes the picture of the events in the U.S. and around the globe, giving viewers access to a range of stories, voices, and opinions and a real opportunity to speak their minds.''' ,'''Viewers don't want you to walk the fence - they do want a point of view - and that's what we bring.''' ,'''Big money and corporate interest drown out a lot of voices.''' ,'''I think Donald Trump is a racist.''' ,'''I think that you have to get out there and get with the folks and push the flesh and be connected to viewers and listeners.''' ,'''Nobody is going to tell Ed Schultz what to say.''' ,'''Many mines in the world are unsafe. They are dangerous as hell.''' ,'''When union membership goes down, so do wages.''' ,'''There's all kinds of envy out there on the Left.''' ,'''I support collective bargaining everywhere.''' ,'''I've always viewed the 'Ed Show' as being a voice for the voiceless.''' ,'''I was pretty much a warmonger and a pretty greedy guy. I always wanted to make as much money as I possibly could and felt the downtrodden didn't deserve a break.''' ,'''If you do a cable show, you have a radio show, whatever, if you're fat and you've got red hair, look, they're going to pick on you.''' ,'''The average commercial radio listener in America is not looking for lofty, intellectual subjects. This isn't brain surgery. It's about striking the passion of the people.''' ,'''There aren't any poor cable hosts.''' ,'''Since when is it against the law to meet with people from another country?''' ,'''If we start attacking advertisers because of what somebody said - it's the wrong thing to do.''' ,'''Anyone who follows me on Twitter knows I - I show pictures of my airplanes.''' ,'''When people sit in front of a microphone, they feel empowered.''' ,'''I'm conservative on some issues. I'm progressive on most.''' ,'''Whether you like it or not, Santorum is as good as President Obama with a crowd.''' ,'''I was the first reporter in the country to get a U.S. Senator on the air during the 9/11 attacks - I was broadcasting from the Hart Building.''' ,'''There's so much in the media that's not the truth.''' ,'''They ought to be focused on saving healthcare. They ought to be focused on making sure we don't privatize Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. That's where the Democrats ought to be.''' ,'''I don't agree with Trump on everything.''' ,'''When Bernie Sanders was announcing that he was going to be a candidate for the nomination of the Democratic Party in Burlington, Vermont, I was the only cable host between FOX, MSNBC, and CNN that was there to cover it live.''' ,'''Sometimes, when I open my mouth, all hell breaks loose. Other times, I feel like a voice in the wilderness and I wonder, 'Does anybody get this?'''' ,'''The Left has been frustrated because President Obama has allowed the Republicans to run all over him.''' ,'''I think you can be in disagreement with a president you support without being disrespectful or nasty or snide.''' ,'''I guess when I got to MSNBC in 2009, I brought Bernie Sanders to cable probably more than anybody else.''' ,'''Oh yea, I was a conservative. I was probably hard-line, preoccupied with how much money I would make and how far I would go. But I began seeing a lady who directs a homeless clinic in Fargo. One of our first get-togethers was to a Salvation Army dinner, where I met some jobless Vietnam veterans. It started my transition, opened my eyes.''' ,'''The Republican effort to make the September 11th attack on Benghazi into a scandal is really about one thing and one thing only: Hillary Clinton.''' ,'''I've never really figured out why the media covers the media, you know?''' ,'''I hunt and fish, and I don't fly on Lear jets, and I don't smoke Cuban cigars.''' ,'''I'm not going to apologize for my success. How I live is no secret.''' ,'''When it comes down to the devil in the detail of dealing with the issues... and making real change, Trump, you don't have it. You've never had it.''' ,'''We have to be very cognizant of the fact that 90 percent of the electronic media in this country is owned, operated, programmed, and controlled by conservatives. They made a concerted effort during and before the Reagan years that they were going to get the microphone.''' ,'''The president of the United States, Barack Obama, deserves the benefit of the doubt and our support in his decision to use military force in Libya.''' ,'''Squelching debate by branding it un-American is dishonest, dangerous, and, in itself, hateful.''' ,]
+++