+++
author = "Hilaria Baldwin"
title = "Hilaria Baldwin Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Hilaria Baldwin Quotes"
keywords = "hilaria baldwin,hilaria baldwin quotes,hilaria baldwin quote,hilaria baldwin sayings,hilaria baldwin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We like to say 'husband' and 'wife' a lot. I say, 'husband, where are you?' He says, 'where is my wife? How is my wife doing?'''' ,'''There's nothing wrong with me, and I'm not going to apologize for the amount of time that I spent in two countries and I'm not going to apologize for the fact that I speak two languages and I'm not going to apologize for the fact that I have two versions of my name.''' ,'''My kids are used to new siblings coming in, so they're already like, 'When is the next one going to come?' And I'm like, 'Guys, you and the entire world need to stop asking me that!'''' ,'''I realize that dinner time, bath time, and bed time is 'roll your sleeves up, we can do this.' Just get one foot in front of the other, it's gonna be okay.''' ,'''That's when you know that you have a really good relationship with somebody - you can talk and it's like time was going so quickly because you're just having such a good time.''' ,'''Anytime I have to write down what I do, I write yoga instructor. That's what I do. My thing is yoga.''' ,'''Number one, I am somebody who is in shape before I get pregnant. I get in pregnant shape because it's not my normal shape, obviously. I get bigger when I'm pregnant. But I stay in pregnant shape and I work really hard to be really strong and keep my circulation going.''' ,'''I did yoga in both of my labors. It's painful, but it helps you, you're supposed to stay active and move around. A lot of squatting. I didn't take any childbirth classes.''' ,'''My husband knows I'm not a big material person - we're very lucky to have lovely things, but I want a foot rub or to just sit and talk.''' ,'''I'm going to have four kids in a little over four years and it's just one of those things where I'm going to let life lead me in that direction.''' ,'''Definitely, I am a firm believer that we are what we eat and proper nutrition improves our skin, nail, hair and energy levels.''' ,'''We were watching 'Madagascar' and Carmen asked me, she said, 'Is the zebra a boy or a girl?' and I said, 'He's a boy,' and she said 'How do you know?' and I said, 'Because I know him. I actually know all the actors that are doing the voices.' And she looks at me and she's like, 'You know a zebra? You know a talking zebra?'''' ,'''I think if you wash your hair more than 3-4 times a week, it gets less healthy.''' ,'''Having a miscarriage would hurt if I went through it in silence and it would hurt if I lose the pregnancy in front of everybody, I realized.''' ,'''Do people think we eat, like, gold cereal in the morning? We're really simple, simple, simple people. We grocery shop; we wash our own dishes. We do most of the things that most people do.''' ,'''We eat really well. It is my job, as their mother, our job as parents, to feed them well so that they're healthy so that they are very well behaved.''' ,'''Staying active even when I don't want to, even when I'm so tired I just want to sit on my butt, will make me feel better and I'll be healthier in the long run.''' ,'''My husband and I spend every single evening together and often see each other a lot throughout the day. I'm his wife and the mother of his children. But he's the first person to say, 'I want you to be my girlfriend too,' and it's important to keep all those aspects of your relationship.''' ,'''Putting ideas into a book means I can help even more people by getting the book into everyone's hands.''' ,'''My husband Alec and I usually drink hemp milk, which contains omegas and calcium and iron, or hazelnut or almond milk.''' ,'''My diet and exercise habits - which make me feel good and earn my doctor's approval - have made it easy to lose the bulk of the weight I gained during pregnancy.''' ,'''I run a lot. I love it. It's my time alone.''' ,'''Ethnically I am a mix of many, many, many things.''' ,'''I focus a lot on hydrating with coconut water; as much as I love it, I limit my coffee intake and replace it with matcha, which I find is kinder on my skin.''' ,'''My thing is about being authentic and when people say I'm not being authentic, it hurts my feelings.''' ,'''Home is where my parents are going to be. If my parents move to China, I am going to go to China and say, 'I'm going home.'''' ,'''All my kids' given names, the first names, are all from people in my life, and they have my husband's last name. And we were very thoughtful about it.''' ,'''I'm the alpha parent most of the time, but bedtime is a completely different animal.''' ,'''When we agree to be parents, we have to accept the good and the bad.''' ,'''You know you look bad when people start saying 'Are you ok? You look really tired.'''' ,'''I go to 'SNL' with Alec. I literally watch on a feed from his room. I'm not in the audience. I watch in his room. I get so cozy.''' ,'''You can spend 20 minutes or an hour on Facebook or you can spend 20 minutes or an hour at the gym.''' ,'''I understand what it can feel like when people are bullying you, and you can't just seem to catch a break, and people don't see who you are. And people completely paint their own picture. And you're supposed to zip it and just go along with whatever they say.''' ,'''I became a vegetarian when I was 5.''' ,'''I listen to parenting books on tape.''' ,'''When I was growing up, in this country, I would use the name Hillary and in Spain, I would use the name Hilaria.''' ,'''To people, secrets are only scary when they're secrets. Once you let the secret out, it's not so scary anymore.''' ,'''People are like, 'Oh, they must be Catholic' or 'Oh, she must just want all of his money.' I'm like, 'If I wanted all of his money, why am I having so many children? Children are expensive!'''' ,'''I go to the gym and I practice yoga every day.''' ,'''I'm not leaving New York.''' ,'''I plan my workouts around my blowouts and often retouch the root and do curls if it gets messy after a workout.''' ,'''Like people get really stressed about the Baby Bjorn. It seems silly, but they do.''' ,'''I'm kind of fine with running around during the day and not sitting down and having a meal and just snacking, snacking, snacking until night when I can just focusing on having a meal.''' ,'''Married life is really nice. It's different. It feels different.''' ,'''When I'm in labor, I like it to be very 'namaste.' I can't take care of other people at that time.''' ,'''I know it feels hard, and you're tired. But if you can get at least five, 10, 15, maybe 30 minutes a day where you can move your body, you're going to feel more energized for your kids and more connected to your body.''' ,'''Carmen's first language is Spanish. I only speak Spanish with her... and with Alec she is smart enough to know that she needs to switch to English.''' ,'''I think I rest in the moment of not being able to rest. I rest by trying to make the moment as efficient as possible.''' ,'''Alec Baldwin can make an omelet and he made one for me. It was before we got married and before we had kids. He's not a cook. He can do it apparently, but I was amazed that he could make me a vegetable omelet.''' ,'''Rafa is hilarious. He's my fun one. Leo is my real sensitive one; he's so sensitive and so sweet and wants to take care of everybody. Romeo is Mr. Independent - he's so independent. He looks the most like me, I think, because he's got my coloring and, I think, my features a little bit more.''' ,'''Alec isn't good at keeping secrets from me! He told me beforehand that he was going to propose. I really love that about him, that we have no secrets.''' ,'''I was an art history major and I really love art. I wanted to give them artist names. 'The Ninja Turtles' happen to have artist names as well and they work in both Spanish and English.''' ,'''I don't like diets, so I just try to eat well.''' ,'''The one thing that I won't sacrifice is taking care of my kids. I want to make sure I fulfill that commitment.''' ,'''My intention is not to be an American TV personality. My intention is not to be a Spanish TV personality. My intention is to talk about health and fitness and being a mom.''' ,'''My parents, they call me Hilaria, my whole family call me Hilaria.''' ,'''I am a teacher. I get up in front of large groups of people and teach them how to do yoga - I work one-on-one with them.''' ,'''I've come to a point in my life where I'm not trying to be skinny, I'm just trying to be healthy, and I've found that if I don't really stress about it, the weight kind of just comes off.''' ,'''I am trying to make my peace with the paparazzi.''' ,'''Your circulation will improve if you breathe right. And doing your best to try to relax when you're stressed out will improve your overall health.''' ,'''The more guarded you are, the more people want to say 'Oh, are you hiding something?'''' ,'''I'm trying to think, like, 'Wow, I know one day, my kids are not going to live with me. They're gonna be like, 'Oh my god, Mom, leave me alone!' So I try to be grateful for all the little things. Perspective really lets me slow down.''' ,'''It's my third boy in less than three years so there wasn't a lot to do. Hand-me-downs from my other children. I'm recycling so it was a very easy thing.''' ,'''You don't scrunch your face during an ab workout because you know it has nothing to do with your belly.''' ,'''The more you invest in your health, the less you have to cover up it all up!''' ,'''We accidentally gave my boys 'Ninja Turtle' names. I can promise you that Michelangelo and Donatello will not be coming out of me.''' ,'''I'm 90 percent healthy, but I like to live as well.''' ,'''Yes I am a white girl... Europe has a lot of white people in there. My family is white.''' ,'''I always chug Taste Nirvana Real Coconut Water first thing in the morning, even though I don't particularly like the taste of coconut water in general.''' ,'''Carmen is just fabulous. She's the boss. She's just so funny, and she's such a little adult that wants to hang out with Alec and I late at night.''' ,'''Of course everybody is different, but if you're having a strong, healthy pregnancy, there's not a lot you can do to hurt it. That being said, we should do as right as we can by our children, but we just need to be a little more forgiving of ourselves and not so much perfectionists because it's hard enough as it is.''' ,'''I'm very active with my kids, so even if I don't go to the gym, I'm lifting them in and out of the tub and out of their high chairs.''' ,'''I carry tension in my shoulders, and I fell in love with yoga because it stretches the muscles that have become tense as a result of stress.''' ,'''When I got together with Alec it took me a while to understand. I knew nothing about him before I met him. I'd never had a TV in my entire life, I knew nothing about it.''' ,'''In yoga we say 'you want to ground to the floor.' Getting yourself to motivate is about putting your feet on the floor, grounding and going. It's one of the most important forces we can have.''' ,'''I started dancing when I was 2 and I've been moving ever since.''' ,'''It's not my favorite thing, photographers on the street, they are not always very nice to you. But, you just keep on walking.''' ,'''I am entitled to my privacy. People say, 'No, you're not entitled to your privacy because you married a famous person and you have Instagram.' Well, that's not really true.''' ,'''The moment when I try to make my kids line up, which I will try sometimes, it never works out.''' ,'''Teaching is very fulfilling because every day I go home feeling like I helped people.''' ,'''Alec's Spanish is getting better and better. His accent is very good.''' ,'''I could go back to teaching the yoga and not doing the TV for the rest of my life and be perfectly happy.''' ,'''I think I'm a typical mom.''' ,'''Even if I have five minutes, I'll just dunk myself in a bath. My kids are the same way - we all bathe both in the morning and at night.''' ,'''I'm a busy mom and I'm a big snacker throughout the day, so I'll do everything from leftovers from what my children did not eat, whether that's like a half bowl of cereal or a banana or whatever.''' ,'''My intentions are I'm living my life and my life is created by my parents, my different experiences, my languages, my culture and, yeah, my kids do have very Spanish-influenced names.''' ,'''I never knew how many kids I wanted to have. I didn't know how much I'd like it. And I really, really like it.''' ,'''I was born in Boston. I spent time in Boston and in Spain. My family now lives in Spain. I moved to New York when I was 19 years old and I have lived here ever since. For me, I feel like I have spent 10 years sharing that story over and over again. And now it seems like it's not enough.''' ,'''I love that Cuties is sustainable. They use good ingredients. They're a really thoughtful brand. And I like that they don't leak.''' ,'''I just feel like kids learn by example, and if you want to teach your kid to be kind, you can't be mean at them.''' ,'''I rest as long as I need to rest - I've had a whole life of learning to listen to my body.''' ,'''When I told Carmen I was pregnant with another boy, she came to me and said, 'Mommy, how about you have another girl then you can have another boy?' And I told her it doesn't work that way.''' ,'''I spent a lot of my childhood in Spain. My nuclear family lives in Spain and has lived there for a long time.''' ,'''I'm trying to make things better, and you have people outside who are constantly trying to make things terrible all the time. Why? Because humiliation sells.''' ,'''I don't know if I have the right answers, but I can tell you that I try to not respond in a moment of being angry.''' ,'''My parents raised my brother and me with two cultures, American and Spanish, and I feel a true sense of belonging to both.''' ,'''I've long admired Michelle Obama's devotion to encouraging fitness for children.''' ,'''We've been eating lots of salads and grilled veggies and stuff like that, which has been so magical. And being New Yorkers, you order in a lot, but I do like to cook and it's different everyday.''' ,'''On a typical day, walking down the street, there are a couple of photographers and then there get to be more and more. It's the most awkward thing, because you have to pretend that they're not there and it drives you nuts.''' ,'''I am a super kumbaya mom.''' ,]
+++