+++
author = "Glen Campbell"
title = "Glen Campbell Quotes"
quotes_len = "103"
description = "the best 103 Glen Campbell Quotes"
keywords = "glen campbell,glen campbell quotes,glen campbell quote,glen campbell sayings,glen campbell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Some things I don't want to remember.''' ,'''Great stories start with great opening lines. 'I'm a lineman for the county' - what a great way to start a song.''' ,'''I'm running my life according to what I know to be true from the Bible and the old scribes.''' ,'''When we cut 'Strangers In The Night,' we did the whole song in two takes.''' ,'''I've often asked myself, how much information can the brain actually hold? There'll probably come a day when you're able to download it; that's what you have to do when the machine's full.''' ,'''Success is not getting what you want, it's enjoying what you have.''' ,'''I'm a take-me-as-l-am person, and all the rest is water under the bridge. You can't change yesterday any more than you can predict what's gonna happen tomorrow.''' ,'''I've laughed, and I've cried. Laughing has got it over crying.''' ,'''I like 'me'/'I' songs.''' ,'''You don't mess with politics and religion. Leave it alone. People get upset at that sometimes.''' ,'''God saved me.''' ,'''I like to start the day early, it keeps me out of trouble.''' ,'''Music is music. It doesn't matter if I am trying to aim at country or trying to aim at pop.''' ,'''I can't be alone.''' ,'''Daddy - I remember when he first let me drive the cultivator for him, you know... He eased you into the hard work that you had to do later.''' ,'''I love singing. I just love it.''' ,'''I don't remember not singing. I started when I was, I don't know how - what, two years old or a year old or something like that.''' ,'''They could never put me in a slot. They couldn't say Glen was 'country,' 'pop' or 'rock.' I'm crock, OK? A cross between country and rock. Call me crock.''' ,'''I guess I'm like Roger Miller who used to say that he didn't have as many jokes as he thought he did.''' ,'''I don't hold grudges.''' ,'''What I try to do is live with myself and please me. If I can't do that, I can't please anybody else or live with anybody else.''' ,'''I don't miss television. It's too much hurry up and sit around, wait till they do this and do that, and get the lighting just right. I'd much rather go out on a stage anywhere and just play and sing for an hour.''' ,'''You don't play around with a good song. You try to just say it right in the proper place, and if you get the music and voice in tune, you'll be all right. That's always worked for me.''' ,'''If you've got a good melody and a good story married together, that's a good sign for hit-song material.''' ,'''With the first money I got, I built my parents a house back home, gave them a string of credit cards, and said 'Go.'''' ,'''I just wanted to do a music show, with the whole realm of music from Ella Fitzgerald to rock bands like Cream to Kenny Rogers. We had a lot of country, but we did every kind of music. The Monkees were on, and so was Johnny Cash.''' ,'''When I did 'Wichita Lineman,' it was as good as I could do it, so I keep doing it that way. It's such a haunting song.''' ,'''I spent some time in Hell.''' ,'''The more you play music, the better you'll get.''' ,'''There's no pillow as soft as a clear conscience.''' ,'''I am just trying to do a song the best possible way I can.''' ,'''With the TV shows, you get eight zillion people watching you. I was really surprised at the way everything went. I knew television was powerful, but that was just... wow.''' ,'''I love symphonies. I love string sections.''' ,'''If we grew it, we ate it. If Daddy shot it, Mamma cooked it.''' ,'''Life is too short not to enjoy it.''' ,'''I can read a chord chart, but I couldn't read a note chart.''' ,'''We moved to Los Angeles because our daughter wanted to go to Pepperdine.''' ,'''It was Dec. 22, 1981. I figured I had messed up enough, and I decided to have a little faith and let God take over. It definitely straightened my act up in a hurry.''' ,'''I got to play with the big guys, the Wrecking Crew. They just blew me away. I learned a lot of stuff from those guys.''' ,'''That's what we grew up with - the good songs, the good lyrics, the good big-band stuff. I miss that era.''' ,'''Perhaps I've found the secret for an unhappy private life. Every three years, I go and marry a girl who doesn't love me, and then she proceeds to take all my money.''' ,'''Our dad taught us not to be a loafer and a slough-off, that you don't blame somebody else for your misfortunes.''' ,'''I would rather do live than any kind of lip-synching or something like that. I don't like to lip-synch.''' ,'''All I ever wanted to do was play the guitar; singing was a sideline.''' ,'''I'm an avid golfer.''' ,'''Do everything according to God, and be nice, and treat other people the way you would like to be treated.''' ,'''I've been through a lot of changes.''' ,'''Hank Williams' music - it just doesn't go away, for some reason.''' ,'''Some people have said that I can 'hear' a hit song, meaning that I can tell the first time a song is played for me if it has potential. I have been able to hear some of the hits that way, but I can also 'feel' one.''' ,'''I used to be just a total jazz freak. People used to say, 'Where's the melody? Is there a melody in there anywhere?' Now I let the music follow the song.''' ,'''If I get a song - a good song - I just sing it the way I hear it in my head. If anybody else wanted to add whistles and bells and chains rattling, that's fine. Just not too much. I actually just do things as straight ahead as possible.''' ,'''I know it was raw in some places, and I was a jerk in some places, but that's the way I was, and I was stupid.''' ,'''Dean Martin. He was incredible.''' ,'''All my records - 'By the Time I Get to Phoenix,' 'Wichita Lineman,' 'Galveston,' 'Rhinestone Cowboy,' 'Dreams of the Everyday Housewife' - they all had strings on them.''' ,'''God only knows just how much I'm going to do, or not going to do.''' ,'''It's easier being with somebody who's got some sense.''' ,'''I learned it was crucial to play right on the edge of the beat... It makes you drive the song more. You're ahead of the beat, but you're not.''' ,'''I realize you are going to make mistakes through life. Just don't make any bad ones, you know. Like all of my records are perfect records, but I did make mistakes on them.''' ,'''God's law is God's law, period. Teach your children that.''' ,'''With a lot of songs, songs that don't make a good statement, I forget the words.''' ,'''We didn't have electricity when I was a kid. We had to watch TV by candlelight. No, that's a silly joke.''' ,'''A good song is a good song.''' ,'''I still love making music. And I still love performing for my fans. I'd like to thank them for sticking with me through thick and thin.''' ,'''Roger Miller opened a lot of people's eyes to the possibilities of country music, and it's making more impact now because it's earthy material: stories and things that happen to everyday people. I call it 'people music.'''' ,'''I listened to a battery radio, old country and pop stuff. Because I was singing all the time, my dad bought me a $7.50 guitar.''' ,'''I have been very blessed with some great songs.''' ,'''I've been every way there is to be.''' ,'''I gave John Wayne the push he needed to get that Oscar.''' ,'''I needed a capo - a clamp to hold down the strings - so my daddy made me one out of a corn on the cob and a rubber band.''' ,'''I can think of only two or three songs out of hundreds I've recorded that I performed as originally written. I like to become intimate with the material and change it to suit me.''' ,'''I'm from so far back in the sticks that they had to pump the light in there.''' ,'''I have been blessed. I really have.''' ,'''I just tell you, the Lord's been good to me. Even if I was a rounder, He's been really, really nice to me.''' ,'''Elvis was a great singer. He really was.''' ,'''I'd have to pick cotton for a year to make what I'd make in a week in L.A.''' ,'''Actually, I believe in the institution of marriage.''' ,''''True Grit' was fun to do, but I wasn't cut out to be an actor. I made John Wayne look so good, he won his only Oscar.''' ,'''I like to play golf. You know, make a little money, lose a little money. Get 10 bucks, lose 20 bucks.''' ,'''Honesty I can take. Lies I get upset about.''' ,'''To play with a symphony today is just fabulous.''' ,'''I don't have Alzheimer's. I have part-timer's.''' ,'''I felt my music wasn't aiming at anybody. Everything I was doing was because it was a good song.''' ,'''Ah, the Wrecking Crew! They played on everything that came out of L.A. Oh, that was a good band. You really enjoyed going to work. You played for everyone; it didn't matter what it was.''' ,'''Picking a guitar was a lot easier than picking cotton.''' ,'''I would have been content to just do studio work, making it on my own never really entered my mind.''' ,'''I play guitar, and it's not a prop.''' ,'''I'm really not a songwriter, so if I hear a song, I feel it and like it, I'll do it. But I'll make it the way I want to hear it.''' ,'''I've always been forgetful.''' ,'''The very first big one I had was 'Turn Around and Look At Me.'''' ,'''I've been singing and playing the guitar ever since I can remember.''' ,'''I saw my first indoor bathroom when I was 9.''' ,'''I was out of control... I was a mess, but God has forgiven me.''' ,'''TV is just an incredible media.''' ,'''I was very candid in my book because I want people to know the truth... and that people can change for the better.''' ,'''I'll tell you, my dad played and sang, and it didn't take me long to figure out that playing a guitar was a whole lot better than getting ahold of a hoe handle or chopping cotton, man.''' ,'''There's a longing in country music that can soften even the rockiest heart.''' ,'''We lived on the farm, and our mode of transportation was wagon and team. No electricity. I'm the seventh son of 12 kids - eight boys and four girls. Mom and Dad handled that very well. But I wanted to get out.''' ,'''Frankly, it is very hard to remember things from the 1970s.''' ,'''I worked my butt off.''' ,'''I don't really classify 'Wichita Lineman' as country.''' ,'''I played on a lot of Sinatra sessions. He was simply awesome. He liked to laugh, and he could be one of the boys when he wanted. But he was also a very serious performer.''' ,'''I'm not an actor, really. I can play myself pretty well.''' ,'''I go to a great church.''' ,]
+++