+++
author = "Henry Mancini"
title = "Henry Mancini Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Henry Mancini Quotes"
keywords = "henry mancini,henry mancini quotes,henry mancini quote,henry mancini sayings,henry mancini saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wanted to write picture music ever since I was a kid.''' ,'''Broadway is intimidating. Don't think it's not.''' ,'''Writing music is very, very clinical. You just sit down at a piano, map out a theme and when all the technicalities come together, out pours the music.''' ,'''Getting out and being able to present a concert is invigorating.''' ,'''Some producers hang-on to that old cliche that if the audience hears the music, it is no good. I say this is so much talk. Music gives the film another dimension, if it's done with the story in mind.''' ,'''I don't know if I've ever written a song that wasn't on assignment.''' ,'''Technique is superficial. The method used in applying technique is what gives music its character.''' ,'''Sometimes people can see a movie of mine and not know until the credits roll that I wrote the score. That makes me feel good, that I can get out of that box every once in a while.''' ,'''I play citified Count Basie piano. As few notes as possible, my left hand in my pocket, that kind of stuff.''' ,'''Erroll Garner is one of the few musicians I believe has a sense of humor in his music.''' ,'''I don't usually take a picture if I don't like it. I have that choice. But some pictures I like more than others.''' ,'''It takes different mindsets to do different things.''' ,'''Music is constantly developing and changing.''' ,'''I used to raise the devil when my father made me practice the flute and my mother made me take piano lessons.''' ,'''Themes on some TV shows are overdone. That 'Playhouse 90' theme music was an example.''' ,'''I find I work best as a reactor, trying to portray something on a screen musically. If I were a boxer, I'd be a counter-puncher.''' ,'''I score everything by hand on manuscript paper and then make copies.''' ,'''Bassoon is not an easy instrument to play and to pick it up and play it like a flute or a saxophone is quite an accomplishment.''' ,'''I equate composing with orchestrating. I think my music in terms of an orchestra.''' ,'''I've turned down many pictures, mostly because I didn't like them.''' ,'''I'm no songwriter because all of my popular songs have just been outgrowths of themes for the various pictures.''' ,'''If a film is not doing well, a record company will not take a chance with the score.''' ,'''In times of stress, I frequently remind myself that I'm doing what I want to do most and that's what really counts.''' ,'''Well, I thought the opening of 'Hatari!' was pretty good. And 'The Pink Panther' wasn't half bad either.''' ,'''You can make or break a picture in the dubbing room.''' ,'''I just think the time and where I was brought up had a great deal to do in giving me the ambition to kind of get out and do something and not go into the steel mill.''' ,'''Most people are oriented to words. When the public hears a melody, unless you put words to It, it takes longer to penetrate. It's always been like that, but I don't know why.''' ,'''Too many schools across the country have cut back heavily on their music curricula.''' ,'''Success is not usually easy or fast.''' ,'''I don't pretend to want to write the Great American Symphony.''' ,'''Basically, I'm a melodic writer.''' ,'''I'm usually the last man on the totem pole. Except for the sound effects and the final sound mix, the score is the last element to be added to a picture.''' ,'''I play a very streamlined piano.''' ,'''It's very difficult to be funny musically. I think I achieved It with 'The Pink Panther.'''' ,'''Writing for TV or films isn't great art. You have to have a common denominator. It's up to the composer to make that common denominator memorable.''' ,'''In the mid-1930s, a lot of the Big Bands sounded the same.''' ,'''Quite a few of The Rolling Stones records have had a great honesty about them. In fact, I would put them side-by-side with a 'Treasury of Folk Music' collection, containing all the prison songs, the farm and road-gang songs that were recorded on the spot in the Deep South.''' ,'''If you call making people smile with 'The Pink Panther,' then I made a contribution.''' ,'''Getting married in 1947 and settling down in Hollywood was the real beginning of my career.''' ,'''I hate to do anything halfway so I leave the guitar alone.''' ,'''My profession has never demanded that I be mobbed by fans.''' ,'''Film music, over the years, has taken from everybody.''' ,'''Music has been taken over in this country by personalities and dominated by rock 'n' roll. There's been a synthesizer invasion and it's not going to go away.''' ,'''I read magazines and reviews. If consensus says something is good, I'll get it and see what's going on.''' ,'''Some scenes cry out for a certain kind of treatment. The kind we're conditioned by years of film-watching to expect.''' ,'''Blake Edwards has set up an extraordinary combination of moods in 'Peter Gunn.' When you stop to analyze it, you can't find the boundaries where the music stops and the show takes over.''' ,'''You know, directors are funny people. They live with these movies for a year or more. And when you go in to score the picture, you're fooling with their child. They want to know everything that happens to the score - and why.''' ,'''You know, I started in movies a long time ago, and once in awhile I'm taken aback. Sometimes one of my things will come on - they use my things as background music all the time, in somebody else's arrangements and It catches my ear.''' ,'''You're molded by the period you were brought up in.''' ,'''Stravinsky influenced film music in general - those stabbing chords and rhythms from 'The Rite of Spring.'''' ,'''I wanted to be up there with all those names like Max Steiner.''' ,'''I don't have a trunk of manuscripts.''' ,'''I was never In a restaurant until after I left home. My mother came from Abruzzi and they're noted for their great cooking.''' ,'''I had no idea 'Moon River' would do so well. I was too busy working to think about it.''' ,'''People love to hear a guy who is really good on his instrument. They love to watch him go.''' ,'''Sometimes memorable music doesn't necessarily have to be a hit.''' ,'''When I first began to work in pictures I tried to attract the attention of film critics, but I don't make movies to please them or myself anymore. I look for material that will entertain.''' ,'''I would like a shot at Broadway.''' ,'''Music forced into the air you breathe is an invasion of privacy!''' ,'''My wife and I never squabbled in front of the children. We never touched each other except in love.''' ,'''I don't want to get corny, but my career really has been the personification of the American dream.''' ,'''The basic problem with young people entering show business is that they are in a hurry.''' ,'''The most immediately gratifying thing about my work is conducting a large orchestra. But the long range payoff is composing because you've written something and it's there forever.''' ,'''In 'Charade,' there was a big fight. George Kennedy was playing one of his first big heavy roles; he had a hook for a hand, and he was real ugly. Cary Grant was Cary Grant. They were on a slanted roof, a very exciting fight, and we agreed there shouldn't be any music, just the grunts and the action.''' ,'''I was always trying to be a quote, unquote, film composer.''' ,'''I try to change my concert program every couple of years - hopefully to keep my listeners interested.''' ,'''Hopefully the music of the future will not be all electronic. There is a place for it if it is used sparingly.''' ,'''You know, my career hasn't exactly been the sort of thing that usually happens to film composers, but I sure am glad it happened to me.''' ,'''The Pavarotti and Galway albums were a lot of fun because I got to work with two of the best 'voices' in the world.''' ,'''Oh, I'd been writing cartoonish music pretty much all along.''' ,'''My father started me out on the flute and I began going to teachers.''' ,'''I very rarely write anything before what I see what I'm writing for.''' ,'''Amplification of guitars revolutionized the popular music scene. Youngsters look for quick fame and big money with amplified guitars and working with rock groups.''' ,'''I became a melodic writer after 'Gunn.'''' ,'''I've never gone to a singer with a song and said 'why don't you try this?' or tried to get a record like that. My head just wasn't there.''' ,'''Some people say 'flutist.' Others say 'flautist.' I just say 'flute player.' That's what I was.''' ,'''I just love what I do.''' ,'''I compose the music according to the nature of the show. 'Peter Gunn's' focus was violence so that was my key.''' ,'''My father was a steelworker who'd come over from Abruzzi, in Italy. He played in the band and he encouraged me to be a musician.''' ,'''My kids will come to me and ask me to listen to a 'new sound' they think they've discovered. One time it was the Beatles' 'Yesterday,' and the new sound was four strings. All of a sudden the new generation discovers the string quartet!''' ,'''The man who writes for hire has an obligation, if only to himself, to keep an open mind and to absorb new ideas.''' ,'''The great thing about a record is it frees your imagination; it gives your eyes a rest and lets your mind wander. There's the special thing that each record can mean a different thing to every person listening to it.''' ,'''If I'm writing songs for a country-Western picture, I have to know about country music.''' ,'''Cancer... changed my whole work attitude.''' ,'''Some of the prettiest music I've done was in films that really were not a smash. Your music fares as the film does.''' ,'''When I play 'Newhart' in concert, it always gets a hand, right from the very beginning. To me, 'Newhart' is a hit.''' ,'''If you want to write for films or TV, you must go to Hollywood.''' ,'''I've always been a dreamer.''' ,'''You've got to be an editor in order to be a good composer.''' ,'''A good theme - like the 'Pink Panther' or 'Baby Elephant Walk' - can work all the way through the picture, which is what I did with them. So, for me, a good melody is not just a pretty tune.''' ,'''I don't like to surprise anyone with the music I compose for a film. That way, there is less trouble later on.''' ,'''I've done entire scores for I don't know how many films and series. I never kept track; I suppose it's up in the hundreds.''' ,'''I have an Otari with a Korg T2 Midi synthesizer, a drum machine and a few effects units.''' ,'''Most everything I've ever written has .been done to 'assignment.'''' ,'''I've had pieces in my catalog that kind of amble along, that really never go anywhere, but are known and liked.''' ,'''When someone asks me to do a score, I look at the picture two or three times. I never watch the rushes to pick up the mood as quickly as I can. If it's something I want to do, just watching the film will start the wheels turning.''' ,'''As a screen composer or film-music writer, I need something that I can work with in the body of the score. Like 'Charade,' 'Moon River,' 'Wine and Roses,' 'Dear Heart' - they were all just themes that grew out of the picture.''' ,'''I used to be selected for the Pennsylvania all-state orchestra. It was a thrill to go from my home town of Aliquippa clear across the state to Lancaster for the concerts. No kid is immune to that kind of experience.''' ,'''I just write when the bell rings. I don't have time to wait for inspiration.''' ,'''I don't think I've ever spent more than an hour on any one song, but that doesn't count the thinking that goes on beforehand.''' ,]
+++