+++
author = "Jerry Stiller"
title = "Jerry Stiller Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Jerry Stiller Quotes"
keywords = "jerry stiller,jerry stiller quotes,jerry stiller quote,jerry stiller sayings,jerry stiller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My father and mother - I figured if I could make them laugh, they'd stop fighting. I stole all their material.''' ,'''Some of the routines come back very easily. We do it off the top of our heads.''' ,'''I don't think my judgment is that good. I don't know what is funny.''' ,'''During the Great Depression, when people laughed their worries disappeared. Audiences loved these funny men. I decided to become one.''' ,'''Never go for the punch line. There might be something funnier on the way.''' ,'''I shave without using shaving cream.''' ,'''Being on a sitcom stops me from getting Alzheimer's.''' ,'''Anne is very forgiving. She doesn't care about money, being rich, or clothes. We never argued about finances.''' ,'''I loved the idea of touching base with an audience.''' ,'''It can make you sad to look at pictures from your youth. So there's a trick to it. The trick is not to look at the later pictures.''' ,'''Money is sensual.''' ,'''Hollywood never knew there was a Vietnam War until they made the movie.''' ,'''Creative comedy is like growing geraniums in a mine field.''' ,'''I've been around the block a lot and I've had a merry trail for 55 years.''' ,'''The worst thing in this business is to be thought of as a no-talent.''' ,'''We managed to hang in there. Today when people get married there's a tendency to run away when things get tough. There is a lot of strength in hanging together.''' ,'''I ask myself why I do it. Maybe it's to prove I'm still around. It takes a lot out of my body. I'm not an NBA player anymore. At my age, very few people can handle it.''' ,'''Anne hated the idea of putting me down in front of the audience.''' ,]
+++