+++
author = "Ivica Zubac"
title = "Ivica Zubac Quotes"
quotes_len = "75"
description = "the best 75 Ivica Zubac Quotes"
keywords = "ivica zubac,ivica zubac quotes,ivica zubac quote,ivica zubac sayings,ivica zubac saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In my two and a half years with the Lakers, I didn't win much games.''' ,'''I am living a great life.''' ,'''I was really mad until the 23rd pick and I wasn't selected and my agent told me, 'If nobody selects you, you're going to the Lakers.' So I was hoping to not go in the first round of the draft.''' ,'''One of my roles is rebounding the ball and not giving up offensive boards, and I feel like I can be one of the best in the league at that.''' ,'''It was even hard to imagine I was going to play in the NBA, because so many guys playing in Europe are not even getting to the Euroleague and everything. But everybody wants to play in the NBA. So when draft night came, it was a dream come true.''' ,'''I want to get stronger. I want to get slimmer. I'm already slimmer, but I want to get some muscles so I can fight all these guys in the post.''' ,'''I always was a fan of the Lakers.''' ,'''You know, I just feel physically that I can get a lot of offensive rebounds.''' ,'''Marc Gasol, everybody compares me to him. I try to look up to him and see how he plays and adjust my game like him.''' ,'''The only thing I can do is work hard and hope that they're gonna call my name.''' ,'''I always have confidence in myself even though everyone doubted me.''' ,'''I think that's the only way I can improve: to work hard, to listen to my coaches. Not to question anything.''' ,'''I'm still working on my skyhook. I'm just waiting for a chance to use it.''' ,'''I don't really know any people from Boston.''' ,'''I first started playing when we moved from my first house to a house that had a hoop out in front. Every day, I was in front of the basket shooting balls. The basket was regular height, and I was about 5 years old.''' ,'''Of course I want to be on the floor in the fourth.''' ,'''When I was like 19 1/2, people were like, 'He should go back to Europe.' People are impatient.''' ,'''When you meet Croatians somewhere abroad that's great. It feels like you are best friends.''' ,'''I live in the part of Bosnia-Herzegovina where we are the only Croatians, and we are the proudest in the world.''' ,'''I never doubted in me. I always knew what I can do. I always had the same skill-set.''' ,'''In Europe, I was limited. I didn't have minutes and when I had minutes, it was just, 'Do this. Do this. You gotta listen to the coach.'''' ,'''It was always my dream to play in the NBA, especially for the Lakers because they're the greatest franchise ever.''' ,'''I think I want to come straight to the NBA, but if the team who drafts me, they want me to stay in Europe and develop my game, I will stay.''' ,'''It's hard to fall asleep after a game. I often go to sleep at 4 A. M. because I'm thinking about the game and my mind is racing.''' ,'''I can do the Sky Hook, but I'm not confident with it.''' ,'''I do a better job of standing in front of the guards than I used to. I can take it to a higher level as far as reading the offenses, reading where all of our guys are, so I can get into the right position.''' ,'''I learned how to cook, how to iron clothes. That really helped me be more mature than guys who are my age.''' ,'''I just got advice to work hard like I always did and never, nobody gave me everything. I always had to earn everything by myself. If I will just continue to do that, I'll be fine.''' ,'''I don't want to waste my minutes on the court just trying to pop.''' ,'''If I continue to work hard, I can make it to the NBA.''' ,'''Whatever I do, I want to be the best.''' ,'''It's the NBA, arenas almost always sold out. When I played back in Europe, there would be some games with 50-100 people in the crowd, so it would be pretty much empty.''' ,'''I think every part of my body needs improvement.''' ,'''I've gotten better at calling out coverages, communication, and being vertical when they're attacking me in the paint.''' ,'''It's hard when you're a young player, second year, to not play for like 10 games and then they throw you in and they want you to do everything perfect.''' ,'''I can't worry about the refs and the fouls and all that.''' ,'''I got to prepare more for the games. I got to be ready for better players and starting lineups, just get a bit more focused, more prepared and got to be in better shape.''' ,'''Houses with courts and gyms are super expensive. Not a lot of players can afford that. I know it sounds crazy to say an NBA player can't afford that, but that's how it is in L.A.''' ,'''We're going to work hard on my body, put on some muscles. That's going to help me a lot to run faster, to move quicker, to jump higher.''' ,'''People got this bad image about Clippers, like Clippers did something bad. But the thing is, the Clippers never did something bad, they're just another team in L.A.''' ,'''My agent called me when we were talking before I came to the States. He told me we are going to select only three or four teams who are most interested, who are calling the most, asking for you, who are watching me the most in Europe and scouting me.''' ,'''I had to move out when I was 14 and live by myself in the capital of Croatia. That's when it got a little serious. From there, I played on the Croatian national team.''' ,'''But every time I make a mistake, I put some pressure on myself. That's not really good. I'm trying not to do that.''' ,'''I was always trying to get in the paint and get the easiest shots I can.''' ,'''What really pushed me into chasing basketball even more was my cousin making the NBA too, in 2003.''' ,'''I just wanted to play and that's all I worried about. If someone wanted to trade for me, I always thought it was a good sign.''' ,'''A bunch of fans have come up to me and they say, 'Why did we trade you? The Lakers front office did the biggest mistake.' Everyone's like, 'We miss you.'''' ,'''I'm feeling like I can stay on the floor for a while. I can run the floor. I can fight in the post with guys. I can rebound.''' ,'''If you want to be successful and you want your teammates to respect you, you got to be open to advice from the older guys.''' ,'''I was hoping to workout with Kareem on a daily basis. After that first workout, I never got a chance.''' ,'''I just go home or on vacation, or together because Croatia is nice.''' ,'''I was taught to hate the Clippers, you know, since I was with the Lakers. So, I never liked the Clippers before. But since coming over here, it's been amazing.''' ,'''I just turn on the TV and watch whatever is on, like 'Star Wars' or 'Lord of the Rings.'''' ,'''When you're not getting minutes, you're doubting every shot you take.''' ,'''I work out at least six days a week.''' ,'''It's good to have someone who speaks your own language just to get your mind off of basketball.''' ,'''I gotta defend, I gotta protect the rim, I gotta rebound, I gotta set good picks for the guys, finish on offense, and I think that is not going to change much.''' ,'''My first year everyone loved me. I was not getting that kind of love in my second year.''' ,'''Sometimes I go to the pool. With the pool, sometimes it's for recovery. I go with Joakim Noah because he's a big pool guy.''' ,'''Everyone wants to play in the fourth quarter, everyone wants to close the game. It's the most important time of the game, so being out there is great.''' ,'''I don't care about personal stats or whatever. Winning is the most important thing.''' ,'''We went to SpaceX to talk to Elon Musk, that was cool. He gave us the tour. We couldn't film it or anything. There were rockets, it was impressive. It was a lot of cool stuff.''' ,'''I have good mid-range shot and I can shoot threes, but in Europe coaches didn't want me to shoot outside because I was tall and big.''' ,'''If someone told me a couple years ago, 'You're going to be deep into show jumping with horses,' I would be like, I didn't even know that's an Olympic sport.''' ,'''People are still feeling like it's war. Croatians hate Serbians and Serbians hate Croatians. They don't want to talk to each other.''' ,'''We switched everything in G League so I had a lot of time to work on my switching.''' ,'''My role is to be a roller, offensive rebounder, set the screens and roll hard and play defense.''' ,'''You start learning English in fifth grade. I was 12. But even before then I was listening to American music. My neighbor was a really big hip-hop fan, so he taught me everything around hip-hop.''' ,'''I knew I just gotta wait for my chances in the game and I'm gonna prove what I am able to do when I get on the floor.''' ,'''All of my shots are dunks or are around the rim.''' ,'''Here you get to play one on one more, individual basketball. I think that fits me better than in Europe. You have harder, different double teams and everybody helps, but in the NBA they let you play one on one, so I think that will fit me better.''' ,'''I always watch the playoffs.''' ,'''Wherever I go, I have to speak English, which is my second language. So whenever you get a chance to speak in your own language? It feels good.''' ,'''When you're not playing you're not feeling good because this is what I'm doing my whole life. Now when I'm finally in the rotation, everything else feels much better. Life is much better.''' ,'''I would love to be trained by Kareem. That's a GOAT.''' ,]
+++