+++
author = "Henry Cuellar"
title = "Henry Cuellar Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Henry Cuellar Quotes"
keywords = "henry cuellar,henry cuellar quotes,henry cuellar quote,henry cuellar sayings,henry cuellar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My focus as part of the leadership is to keep talking about the independent voters, independent voters - how do we get the independent voters back?''' ,'''And, as you recall, last year, people were asking us, don't vote on the bill until you read every part of the bill. So, as a good attorney and as a good legislator, I think it's my responsibility to read the amendments.''' ,'''As I get close to my election, I want to spend more time in my district and focus on my reelection.''' ,'''We intend to keep the lines of communication open with the Defense Department so we can help our border law enforcement agencies navigate the equipment application process.''' ,'''I have consistently made it very clear that I will vote a straight Democratic ticket, just like I do every election. From the local Constable to the President, I will be voting for every Democrat on the ballot.''' ,'''You know, I got the third most uninsured district in the whole state of Texas, probably number nine in the whole country. As a Blue Dog, I'm also looking at the cost. So, I have got a very unique district.''' ,'''We can adhere to the Henry Hyde amendment by saying that no federal funds will be used for abortions. And that's the bottom line for me.''' ,'''If we want to boost border security, we have to help law enforcement agencies beef up their resources to meet this demand. We cannot have one without the other.''' ,'''Well, look, let me put it this way. Back in 2005, when I was a freshman, I - I was the first Democrat to support CAFTA. My labor union folks made me their number-one target. They came after me, and I'm still here.''' ,]
+++