+++
author = "Damon Wayans"
title = "Damon Wayans Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Damon Wayans Quotes"
keywords = "damon wayans,damon wayans quotes,damon wayans quote,damon wayans sayings,damon wayans saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Some struggle is healthy. If you can embrace it rather than be angry, you can use it as your pilot light.''' ,'''And for my family, comedically, that was the key to a lot of the humor.''' ,'''Being a celebrity, I don't even have to talk.''' ,'''You have to look yourself in the eye and ask, 'Who are you?' It can't be all about work.''' ,'''Three high schools. I was funny. I thought I was being funny. I just had an opinion about everything that was said in school, so that got me thrown out.''' ,'''You've got to want it. I can give you a role. I can't give you a career.''' ,'''This town was built on nepotism.''' ,'''The show has become my therapy.''' ,'''My greatest production is my children. Then, to see my grandbabies is the gravy.''' ,'''The less food, the more time to talk, the more to talk about.''' ,'''Sitcom is the best gig in show business because it's easy hours, nine to five.''' ,'''Nobody can stop you but you. And shame on you if you're the one who stops yourself.''' ,'''But my kids, my brothers' kids - they think about trying to top what we did.''' ,'''I was 12 years old when I had my first job, delivering packages.''' ,'''My father is a Jehovah's Witness, and he raised us under a very strict hand.''' ,'''I tried to walk away from standup, but it's been my therapy - my way of expressing anger, disappointments, and fears and celebrating my hopes. It helps to regulate my thought process.''' ,'''And my marriage was perfect when I wasn't famous.''' ,'''I never thought about being famous.''' ,'''My father was the guy on the block who said hi to everyone.''' ,'''Having nine brothers and sisters, you have to stand out. In order to get on the stage with me and Shawn and Marlon and Keenan and Kim, you have to be funny. We're not going to let you in the conversation.''' ,'''It's hard for me to play this loving, supportive father/husband/ friend on TV but be the guy in life that is telling everyone, 'I can't. I have to work.'''' ,'''We have four beautiful children and some wonderful memories.''' ,'''The beautiful thing about having family that has diabetes is knowing what not to do. I got an uncle that thinks insulin is supposed to enable him to eat cake.''' ,'''All the family gatherings, I'm too tired, or I can't because it conflicts with work... I have seven grandkids. I've been missing recitals and graduations. To me, it's just not worth it. There is a better way to live life.''' ,'''You know what Bill Cosby did wrong? He started criticizing young black men.''' ,'''My kids have a competitive drive I never had growing up.''' ,'''Junior is such a great guy. He's the new and improved model. It's a beautiful thing. That's what you train your children to do. He's an inspiration to his brothers and sisters and nieces and nephews who say it's too hard living up to the family name.''' ,]
+++