+++
author = "Liz Truss"
title = "Liz Truss Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Liz Truss Quotes"
keywords = "liz truss,liz truss quotes,liz truss quote,liz truss sayings,liz truss saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I left university I got a job with Shell on their graduate scheme. One of my roles was as a commercial manager for liquid natural gas shipping, project economics and contract negotiation.''' ,'''It's almost 10 years since the 2008 crisis, but we all still remember the consequences of ignoring threats to the public finances.''' ,'''When I travel around the country, I see great companies with new ideas and a can-do attitude. But too often they are in hand-to-hand and pen-to-paper combat with officialdom.''' ,'''People won't want powers being handed back from bureaucrats in Brussels to be given to bureaucrats in Britain. Our aim should be to give the British people greater control of their lives in all regards.''' ,'''Our public services and the great people who work in them are improving lives.''' ,'''I am delighted to be at the heart of this team of radical reformers in Boris Johnson, Michael Gove, Nick Boles and many others. It's a team I believe will deliver the change Britain needs.''' ,'''All of us in Parliament now have a responsibility to get on with the process of leaving the EU and securing a more prosperous future for Britain as an open, global, trading nation.''' ,'''A UK-Australia trade deal won't just be a good thing, it'll be a great thing, for our businesses, for our consumers, for our workers and for our two great countries.''' ,'''I want Britain to lead the world in food and farming and to do that we need enough productive agricultural land.''' ,'''I feel I've come home at the Treasury.''' ,'''Tyrrells crisps are one of the top sellers in France. I don't know if you've tasted crisps in other countries, but I really think British crisps are world leaders. I went to China and they told me there is only one type of potato available there.''' ,'''From better access to American markets for our beef and lamb farmers, to cutting tariffs on dairy products like cheese, which are up to 17 per cent, there are significant opportunities for UK farming.''' ,'''Opinion polls show that millennials are focused, aspirational and entrepreneurial. The young people I meet want more freedom - to start firms, keep more of what they earn, and move to areas with opportunities without paying a fortune.''' ,'''We spent a lot of time talking about politics at home. We went to the camp at Greenham Common.''' ,'''From Brompton bikes in Australia to Bentleys in the US - the world wants what Britain has to sell.''' ,'''I am quite bolshy, sometimes. I like to get my own way, lets put it like that.''' ,'''The biggest opportunities from Brexit will come from more trade with the rest of the world.''' ,'''We are fighting a Labour Party whose avowed enemy is capitalist bosses, whose instinct is to see income as a common pool resource, and whose leading figures find profit morally repugnant.''' ,'''The free market is fundamentally humane and democratic, driven by ideas and millions of individual choices about what to do with our money which defy those who benefit from the status quo.''' ,'''Kitchen-table start-ups and local entrepreneurs will find they have major new opportunities opened to them, as they gain easier and quicker access for their goods and services into one of the world's largest markets.''' ,'''In other countries you can do high-level maths or general maths, whereas we've just got all-or-nothing. We need to give people another option from 16-18. Not everyone is going to want to become a rocket scientist but that doesn't mean that maths isn't extremely useful.''' ,'''When I started my ministerial job I brought my daughters into the Department, due to last-minute childcare complications. We had meetings throughout the day and the girls had to play outside the office while mummy went to 'boring' meetings.''' ,'''I don't like tokenism. I don't like the idea that somebody should just appear at a press conference or in a media interview because they are a woman.''' ,'''Britain is the ideas factory of the world and has huge potential to benefit from the next technological revolution. Our future lies in being a high skilled, high innovation, free enterprise nation.''' ,'''And after Brexit, we will be free to determine our economic future, with control over our money, laws and borders.''' ,'''Maintaining confidence in international trade will be critical to the broader economic recovery in the post-Covid world.''' ,'''I didn't become a Tory just to become part of a managerial group who wanted to run the country... I want to see popular free-market Conservatism where barriers are broken down, people have got more opportunities but keep more of their own money.''' ,'''I was Margaret Thatcher in the school election during the 1983 General Election.''' ,'''I have to admit I don't like pizza. I love it. And I am prepared to do literally anything to get my hands on a slice.''' ,'''Traditionally, Conservatives have argued that low taxes are a route to self-determination. I agree. It is vital we keep taxes low and the size of the state in check, to allow people to spend more of their own money.''' ,'''Taking control of our laws border and money, run not by a bunch of overpaid bureaucrats in Brussels but by a bunch of overpaid bureaucrats in Britain. That ladies and gentlemen is a dream worth fighting for.''' ,'''Economics and finance is the final frontier for women; it's the last thing they will conquer because controlling finance is at the heart of everything in government.''' ,'''We want a fully comprehensive trade deal that reflects our deep, ongoing relationship, the friendship between our two countries, the fact that Australians want to come and live and work in Britain, and Brits want to come and live and work in Australia.''' ,'''Leaving the European Union really does give us a chance as a country to become more outward-looking, to become more competitive, and to deepen our links with our partners right across the world.''' ,'''Women are not going to start businesses because we tell them we don't have enough people of a certain group. People want to start businesses because it's a way of fulfilling their ambitions and dreams.''' ,'''I campaigned for the UK to stay in the European Union but the country chose a different path.''' ,'''I've been anxious but not depressed. I'm an incorrigible optimist.''' ,'''What I saw when I went to France was that really good quality education and childcare is seen there as a completely normal part of everyday life.''' ,'''If I do feel scared I deliberately challenge myself not to feel scared.''' ,'''I have been the only female minister in every government department I've worked in.''' ,'''If we just had an election which is a kind of desiccated calculation, obviously I think the Conservatives have the best economic plans, but it is about more than that. It is about the overall person.''' ,'''Parliament should start earlier in the day and finish earlier. Otherwise I love it.''' ,'''Schools receive 12% more per student for those doing media studies or psychology than they do for those doing maths. You could change that around, made a premium on doing maths.''' ,'''I believe one of the main roles of Government is to keep our economy free and fair.''' ,'''In London the average person is paying 50 per cent of their income on rent. Just think how much better off people would feel if that number was a lot lower.''' ,'''We're trendsetters, first to welcome brilliant inventions into our lives, from the microwave meal to Instagram. Britain is a nation of Uber-riding, Deliveroo-eating, Airbnb-ing freedom fighters.''' ,'''Britain is the home of economic freedom, with liberty guaranteed by the independence of our state institutions, and an absence of corruption assured by transparency.''' ,'''I want people to buy British because it's the tastiest food and the most exciting food.''' ,'''I hate rodents. I mean, the House of Commons is completely infested. I will stand on a chair if I see one of the things.''' ,'''I feel I'm fortunate compared with a lot of parents in being able to afford a nanny but, you know, it's expensive. When we've looked into trying to find a full daycare place in London it's just been impossible. You just cannot get one.''' ,'''And certainly having gone to Oxford, and seen some of the other students there, I wouldn't say the ones at my school were less capable. They could've been there.''' ,'''I admire Peter Mandleson's chutzpah and the way he transformed the Labour party but not his dubious ideas about Europe and industrial policy.''' ,'''In Westminster, we can sometimes forget just how much the public hate their money being wasted.''' ,'''I'd love the job of Chancellor one day.''' ,'''If John McDonnell nationalised whole industries, they would be quickly taken over by bureaucrats more concerned about their careers than about customers. Except this time, there will be no choice and nowhere to turn when things go wrong.''' ,'''As Chief Secretary to the Treasury, my first responsibility is to the taxpayer.''' ,'''It's absolutely right that we scrutinise the leaders who after all are going to be in a position of great power.''' ,'''It's vital to our economic mission that we fight vested interests, and make sure our country's opportunities are open to everyone - big or small, north or south, man or woman.''' ,'''Free-flow play is not compulsory, but there is a belief across lots of nurseries that it is. I have seen too many chaotic settings, where children are running around. There's no sense of purpose.''' ,'''We've been prepared to make the arguments for lowering corporation tax, which is all about encouraging risk takers, encouraging entrepreneurs, and I observe that for the vast majority of the Labour government we had a top rate of 40 per cent income tax. It's now higher, and I think we should look to get to a simpler, lower tax system.''' ,'''We have lots of roadside stands in Norfolk where you can just pick up vegetables that people have grown in their garden and put the money in a pot.''' ,'''All of my parents' friends worked in public sector jobs. The teachers at my school were quite often card-carrying members of the Labour Party and it just was not part of the culture to approve of what the government was doing.''' ,'''As Trade Secretary I see the world is waiting. The Australians, the Americans, the Kiwis, the Japanese - they all want us to get Brexit done so that we can begin negotiations and forge new relationships that will open up new markets for British businesses, create jobs and attract new investment.''' ,'''I'm saying the excessive focus on what gender a person is, rather than what they do, does a disservice to women.''' ,'''Women need to be less squeamish about making money.''' ,'''I had never met anyone of my own age that was a Tory, so going to university and seeing people who were Tories and who believed in what I believed in was an eye-opener.''' ,'''I try to be as clear and straight as I can in what I am putting forward. I think people are fed up with politicians where there are lots of bland lines to take.''' ,'''I'm proud to say like many of my colleagues in the Conservative Party I am fully behind Theresa May's Brexit plans.''' ,'''The US is our largest trading partner and increasing transatlantic trade can help our economies bounce back from the economic challenge posed by coronavirus.''' ,'''Britain has always been at its most successful when it's a trading nation.''' ,'''Trade is critical to us all - it ensures we have what we need to live, that the NHS gets the equipment it needs to save lives, and that developing countries can prosper.''' ,'''In order to retain our position as the dynamic duo of the world, it's vital that in the UK and US we keep opportunities open for new people and new ideas. And we can never allow our economies to get furred up.''' ,'''Every pound that comes into the Exchequer was earned by someone through hard work, and could have been used for a new car, a holiday or a treat for the children. It means I have a responsibility to make sure that all public spending is justified.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of political editor Allegra Stratton.''' ,'''I think every woman in this country will understand what it means to be mansplained to. It happens in everyday life - you know, if you go into a shop, or you're talking about finance.''' ,'''I'm very concerned that a lot of our land is being taken up with solar farms.''' ,'''It is right that people and businesses retain as much of their own money as possible so that they have the freedom to innovate and invest in the future.''' ,'''Election campaigns always have to have colour and excitement and interest. People want to know about the details of politicians, what they like doing in their spare time, about their families. I think that's human.''' ,'''Let's cut the top rates of stamp duty to enable more movement to take place and also looking at the broader tax reform, simplifying our tax system.''' ,'''With Anglo-American capitalism increasingly under attack, those who believe in the power of free markets and enterprise to create wealth and social progress must stand up and be counted and champion our way of life.''' ,'''As Chief Secretary to the Treasury, I aim to be the disrupter in chief; I want to challenge those who aim to block change, stop development and restrict success. I want to challenge the caution that strangles risk-takers and go-getters.''' ,'''We don't know what's around the corner - and we must do everything to ensure we get our country's debts down, building our resilience so we don't repeat the mistakes of the past.''' ,'''Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell have made no secret of their desire to stamp out individualism and enterprise.''' ,'''When men call women ambitious they mean pushy.''' ,'''Britain and the US remain the Wild West for ideas, where pioneers push each other towards ever greater heights in the white heat of free enterprise. No one knows their place, no one fears failure and no one is ashamed of success.''' ,'''Labour want to control all parts of the economy and society so that they can pursue the politics of envy. It would leave us all paying higher taxes and the economy in tatters.''' ,'''What you notice in French nurseries is just how calm they are. All of their classes are structured and led by teachers. It's a requirement.''' ,'''It's a merger of home life and work life. They aren't that separate, I must confess, and my daughters know an awful lot about childcare reform now because of it.''' ,'''I was interested in the ideas - freedom, free speech and having control of my own life. That's why I became a Tory.''' ,'''From the coffee bars of Camden to the gin joints of Norfolk - across Britain, a revolution is brewing. And no, it's not John McDonnell's bitter socialist hooch. It's a generation growing up with an entirely different view of the world - free thinking, optimistic and hungry for success.''' ,'''The British brand is so popular particularly in the US that they put the union jack flag on top of beer bottles because it sells.''' ,'''We are working hard at home and on the international stage to further identify the problems on the horizon and to ensure we reboot trade post-Covid-19.''' ,'''I think there's a danger in politics of being too risk-averse.''' ,'''Nobody wants to be in a room or their business to be funded because they're a woman. They don't want to be discriminated against because they're a woman.''' ,'''Choice is a national instinct. This capitalist bedrock of our prosperity and security is threatened by a Labour Party that wants to overthrow the whole system.''' ,'''Coronavirus may well represent the biggest health crisis any of us experience in our lifetimes.''' ,'''I think we've got caught up in the weeds of Brexit, and... the approach has been to try and compromise and split the difference. And that to me is not what Brexit is about.''' ,'''Brexit has energised millions of people, young and old, to take part in our democracy and that's a great thing.''' ,'''I love Britain. It really worries me, the prospect of Ed Miliband propped up by Nicola Sturgeon and the SNP and what that could do to our country. It's absolutely right that we highlight to voters that potential risk.''' ,]
+++