+++
author = "Jonathan Anderson"
title = "Jonathan Anderson Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Jonathan Anderson Quotes"
keywords = "jonathan anderson,jonathan anderson quotes,jonathan anderson quote,jonathan anderson sayings,jonathan anderson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would say I work very emotionally: I have a very compulsive way of working, where I love something to the moment I am sick of it. I have no addiction outside of work, so my addiction is that process.''' ,'''If you're going to collect things because you think they have value, then don't collect. For me, you have to be obsessed, and there has to be something educational.''' ,'''The minute you can be predicted, as a brand, you've got a problem.''' ,'''I think I am obsessed with Lucie Rie. I love the way she collaborated with Miyake, who for me is probably the most important fashion designer of the 20th century.''' ,'''During the 1990s, luxury became something exclusive and elitist. I think fashion got lost. It forgot about craft and culture.''' ,'''I've always been massively aware of clothing.''' ,'''To be able to make furniture has always been a fantasy of mine.''' ,'''When I visit any cathedral, it reminds me of being with my grandparents. They weren't particularly religious, but my grandfather was obsessed with architecture.''' ,'''For me, menswear is an experimental ground to play with something. There is scope to be gained there - you can create a new normality.''' ,'''I didn't reinvent clothing; I reinvented the edit.''' ,'''I'm completely dyslexic - it's the writing part. People read what I've written, and they have no idea what I'm trying to say.''' ,'''I always try to design fashion that is interesting and innovative, and I like to break traditions and challenge people's expectations.''' ,'''Trend-wise, I hope to keep bringing completely new collections to the industry that will make people think and defy the norm.''' ,'''As a child growing up in Ireland, you would have to go to Dublin if you wanted to go to the luxury brands. And I remember my mother being too uncomfortable to go into some of those stores. I want to get rid of the barrier.''' ,'''For me, fashion is exciting, and it should be exciting whether you get it wrong or right.''' ,'''I've collected John Ward pieces for years. Ward represents ideas of nature and of sediments.''' ,'''You have to be slightly uncomfortable with what you're doing, and you have to be able to try to find moments of newness.''' ,'''We have this perceived illusion of what the fashion designer does. As an industry, we make it out that this one individual changes the entire face of the earth. I have never said 'me'; it's always 'we.' I am just the big salesman.''' ,'''I believe that collaboration is one of the most important things in any field.''' ,'''You always need a textural landscape. I think that's what fashion is about, and I think when you come to a brand and you're trying to re-instill its history, the history only comes through being personal.''' ,'''Everyone has something to learn from one another. When different disciplines meet, it creates this amazing unpredictability.''' ,'''Wood carving is such an amazing skill and very underrated; once you cut it, it's hard to go back.''' ,'''I think, in history, everything is about the remix.''' ,'''I'm not the best at getting myself breakfast, but if I do, I'll normally have toast and marmalade.''' ,'''Fashion is an archetype: you're trying to build a silhouette, and that is very similar to building up a building because you're trying to create a new structure, a new proportion, a new shape, and you're using a material to cut which is a bit mathematical. That idea of finding something new in terms of proportion is something that drives me.''' ,'''I've realised that when fashion is really good and really challenges and takes a risk, it is incredibly artistically powerful. It makes people dream.''' ,'''We need to articulate luxury differently. We live in the world of the 'like' culture. As a society, we're consuming so much imagery, it's like gorging on sugar, and the only way to find depth in a 'like' culture is by presenting the unknown.''' ,'''I find it difficult to go to museums. I prefer houses.''' ,'''I've always loved collecting arts and crafts - I have pieces by Charles Rennie Mackintosh and William Morris at home in east London.''' ,'''I just don't ever want it to be nice. I'd prefer someone had a violent reaction to my collection than ever call it 'nice.'''' ,'''When I do a fashion show, it's not done until it exits out of the door.''' ,'''I grew up in Northern Ireland, in the middle of nowhere, and when you are poor, you are really poor. And when you are rich, you are very rich. This is not a new phenomenon.''' ,'''I find it very difficult to see the boundary between womenswear and menswear. It's bizarre the ways in which society reacts; they find it difficult to comprehend seeing parts of the body on a man. I think it's fascinating.''' ,'''If designers are willing to take risks, I think buyers should take risks, as well with press taking risks.''' ,'''Luxury stores are such a difficult thing because, ultimately, their purpose is to sell, but I do think you can get more out of a store.''' ,'''I love jeans, T-shirts, and things you can jazz up and down, a bit of a mish-mash.''' ,'''I read up a lot about ceramics and collect them, but when you make something, it's very difficult to like it. I quite like appreciating and supporting what someone else does.''' ,'''Ultimately, I think to be successful in fashion, you have to turn into the most incredible HR person. It's about politics. I'm massaging egos and keeping everyone happy.''' ,'''I was very into swimming, but I was never into contact sports. I think it was because I knew I wasn't going to get damaged.''' ,'''My parents are huge influences on me. My mother was an English teacher. My father played professional rugby and coached rugby for the Irish rugby team.''' ,'''I always love to look at something that I couldn't make, because I feel it's enlightening. It means you are not invincible: you can respect something and look up to it and go, 'Wow!' It's a skill that I don't have, but I can understand the merit of it.''' ,'''I try to live my life free of regrets, but I do have one style regret that makes me laugh and cringe at the same time. Mum used to dress my brother and me in bright neon bike pants and big baggy t-shirts that were so long you could barely see our bike pants.''' ,'''When I became a teenager, I got very into clothing. I remember cutting Gucci advertisements and sticking them on my wall.''' ,'''I always think the great thing about shirting is that it goes with jeans, and jeans are probably the most modern, functional garment that ever existed. That is what is so great about shirting - it is an up-play-down-play.''' ,'''I think fashion shows are a full stop. You need a point where there's no return, and fashion shows create a 'That's it; that's the finishing line.'''' ,'''I wasn't very good at school and appalling at English.''' ,'''People get bored very quickly.''' ,'''For me, the creative process is this giant patchwork of information.''' ,'''For me, doing an interview with someone is like having therapy.''' ,'''When I was younger, we went to Ibiza a lot because my parents bought an apartment there. I feel like that has always stuck with me.''' ,'''When I think of Uniqlo, I think of things that are perfectly made, that people have spent a lot of time considering.''' ,'''Everywhere I go, I buy something. I probably have an issue with shopping.''' ,'''One thing I think is great is that if you use social media really well - in a natural, personal way - you can kind of see what's missing. You can see when you're bored of something or of someone.''' ,'''What's so important with fashion imagery and with imagery in general is that it ultimately evokes an emotion.''' ,'''My grandfather, who's still alive, has always been involved in art, antiques, and things like that. I think I learned so much from him.''' ,'''My brother and sister were very sporty. They all did rugby. I was very into performing arts. I went to the National Youth Music Theatre. I was one of those singing, clapping children.''' ,'''Collaborations are incredibly important in design.''' ,'''I grew up during one of Northern Ireland's most complex periods.''' ,'''If you do generic things, you know, after a while, brands or designers become stagnated.''' ,'''When I started at Loewe, I took a year out before we did a collection because I felt we needed to work out all the fundamentals. The pencils, the door handles, the style of the press release, the stone of the buildings, the choice of photographer.''' ,'''The first thing I do in the morning is have an espresso - straight up - and read the papers. I like 'The Independent,' 'The Times,' and the 'Financial Times.'''' ,'''Acting is about portraying something... that dedication or learning the script of it is really important in really getting to know a topic.''' ,'''Buttons, for me, are very sculptural things, and they are so fascinating.''' ,'''Whether I'm at home in London or in Paris for Loewe, I always like to walk to work.''' ,'''I love collecting things from auction - we Brits really are hoarders and collectors.''' ,'''I'm really into very 'naive craft,' like Second World War playing cards.''' ,'''No one reads anything. They just look at images.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I remember the fear of going into big brand stores. You didn't want to go in because you felt like you couldn't afford anything.''' ,'''I am a huge obsessor with photography.''' ,'''Sometimes you fall out of love with what you do. Some days, you wake up and wish you worked on a farm.''' ,'''I think ceramics are so amazing because they're incredibly educational - you can buy something made in the 14th century, and it looks like it was made yesterday. There's something to be learned there, and ceramics can tell you the history of the time because they're functional vessels, ultimately.''' ,'''Sunspel is about British craft and community - both of which are very important to me.''' ,'''I've been a fan and collector of Lucie Rie for years.''' ,'''Doing something with Uniqlo means you come up with a wardrobe which is universal and quirky.''' ,'''I collect craft. It inspires me.''' ,'''I'm very open about my referencing; I'm very open about who I work with.''' ,'''I'm Irish, working for a Spanish brand, owned by a French company.''' ,'''My parents were extremely liberal. They didn't believe in being Catholic or Protestant, and that was a big deal at the time.''' ,'''To restart a brand, you have to make people forget what it was.''' ,'''I think I've always had an obsession with collecting, as most people do.''' ,'''The problem with me and TV shows is once I start watching them, I have to watch them all because I'm so impatient. I need the entire series to be on TV, and then I'll sit all day and watch the entire thing. So I did that with 'Homeland,' and I did that with 'Veep.'''' ,'''I collect primarily ceramics but also black-and-white photography and some bits of contemporary.''' ,'''Work is an addiction. I've always done too much. It's in my nature.''' ,'''I have a huge amount of respect for all Japanese designers because I think there is consistency and respect to craft.''' ,'''I feel like if you have balance in life, you have to be consumed by your job because, ultimately, it will never be a job; it will never be something that you feel you're working on.''' ,'''Loewe should be a cultural brand.''' ,'''Real life is difficult - some people find that hard to process.''' ,'''Working with Uniqlo is probably the most incredible template of democracy in fashion, and it's nice that my design can be accessible to anyone, on all different levels.''' ,'''I could binge-eat cheese - I love any blue cheese. Make it strong; make it deadly.''' ,'''The team I have to work with at Loewe is incredible, from the architect to the archivist.''' ,'''I never set out to work on the concept of androgyny. For me, it was more about trying to find a wardrobe that would fundamentally appeal to both men and women: Trying to find the right shirt, the right jeans, the right trouser - but on different landscapes.''' ,'''Britain and America are two examples where social media will only show you what you like.''' ,'''In London, what I do on the weekend is be a person and have my own life. In Paris, it is going from this hotel to the office and back again. But I love it.''' ,'''We put something on Instagram, and it gets reposted, and it's everywhere, and a minute later it's gone, over. I don't see that as a negative thing; it's the way my mind works, too.''' ,'''For me, fashion should always be evolving so it remains exciting and unexpected.''' ,'''When I first came to Wakefield Cathedral, I thought, 'How does man conceive to build something like this?' It's a building that has transcended time over the centuries, and you appreciate the magnitude of humankind's power and vision. When you're inside, you feel as though the rest of the world doesn't exist.''' ,'''I love the immediacy of Instagram. My feed really is my train of thought. If I'm really excited about something, I'll just put it up.''' ,'''The minute you see that everything is going one way, you get the hell out.''' ,'''Part of the reason Loewe has diversified into so many other categories is because what we can't do any more is simply say, 'Here's more stuff you can buy.'''' ,]
+++