+++
author = "Gabriel Jesus"
title = "Gabriel Jesus Quotes"
quotes_len = "69"
description = "the best 69 Gabriel Jesus Quotes"
keywords = "gabriel jesus,gabriel jesus quotes,gabriel jesus quote,gabriel jesus sayings,gabriel jesus saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I practice very hard. I take care of myself, and I'm young.''' ,'''We must always give preference to the collective. We have to play as Brazil. Nobody is a lone protagonist.''' ,'''I'm a normal lad. I've always been quite humble, and I like simple things.''' ,'''When you talk about Brazil, we're always going to have high-level players trying to find a place to play.''' ,'''I played street football from the age of seven and later went into the varzea. Sometimes I'd play as many as three or four matches a day: I couldn't get enough of it. It'd get to the point when my muscles would cramp up.''' ,'''If I am helping my team-mates in some way, giving assistance, passing the ball, I'll already be very happy, but of course, in my position, I have to score.''' ,'''I actually prefer playing as a left winger rather than a striker, but I just want to be very clear that I'm willing to play in either position.''' ,'''When I was younger, I always saw my friends with their mothers and fathers and felt a little jealous of them for having a father close by.''' ,'''I have to keep playing and growing and giving my best.''' ,'''Since my early days, I've been used to playing with older boys and strong defenders.''' ,'''I'm very connected to my neighbourhood. If I could, I'd take the entire Peri Garden neighbourhood to form a Jardim Peri in Manchester.''' ,'''I think, as a player, we have to work and fight for our dream, and this makes us grow up. We get old quickly - we leave our families to run for our dreams.''' ,'''I am very self-critical and always will be. I think this makes me want to improve, always. But just because I'm self-critical and say what I thought of my performance in a game, it doesn't mean I will bring myself down, ever.''' ,'''I have a lot of faith in God. Without him, I wouldn't be anything.''' ,'''When I'm not training or playing, I'm watching football or watching something football-related on my phone, or about our next rival.''' ,'''When I left Palmeiras, it was sad but happy as well, with a title.''' ,'''Everyone knows I care very deeply for my mother and that I love her very much.''' ,'''For me, football was everything. The love of the ball was everything.''' ,'''My dream in a City shirt is to win titles, to be happy, and to make all Manchester City's fans happy, too.''' ,'''From an early age, I tried to take in all the instructions of all the coaches I had.''' ,'''I grew up very quickly because of the difficulties and responsibilities that I have always had.''' ,'''When I have the ball at my feet, I'm in different world.''' ,'''I think that many players, just like me, feel a strong desire to play in the Premier League.''' ,'''Whenever I score for Manchester City, my mother calls me. As soon as the ball hits the back of the net, the phone rings. It doesn't matter if she's back home in Brazil or if she's in the stadium watching me. She calls me every time. So I run to the corner flag, and I put my hand to my ear, and I say, 'Alo Mae!'''' ,'''When I spoke to some players that had already played in the Premier League, they said it was going to be very difficult, but I put in my head that by working hard, you can achieve your goals.''' ,'''She only praises me if I have done something worthy of praise. I am really happy to have a mum like that, who really cares. She always tells me the truth, and her sincerity helps me a lot.''' ,'''I never enter in the pitch under pressure to score goals, but I know my position requires me to score goals.''' ,'''Neymar is a nice guy. Everybody knows his quality.''' ,'''I'm not scared of tough tacklers.''' ,'''I will not lie. When I first came to Manchester City, I felt lost about everything.''' ,'''I have two idols in my life - God and my mum.''' ,'''The No. 33 represents my own rise in football. It was the number of the first shirt that I wore at Palmeiras, so I feel a real affection for it.''' ,'''I am a regular kid. I like the simple things, and I always want to improve.''' ,'''Sergio Aguero is a high-quality player. I'm a big fan of his, both of his football and his humility.''' ,'''I know that I need to keep growing as a player.''' ,'''I have the best family, and I receive the best guidance.''' ,'''I can't put my mind to anything else. I'm not interested in hanging out or partying. For me, it's all about the pitch: training, playing. But even when I go home, afterwards, it's football the whole time. I think I'm obsessed!''' ,'''I come from a poor community, and I still go back there whenever I can, and I think that makes it easier to cope with fame and being on TV.''' ,'''When I took the decision to join City, Pep Guardiola's call was very important. He called me, spoke to me about the project, and explained that I was going to be an important part of it. I felt very happy. The prestige of Manchester City's shirt is also very important.''' ,'''I was very happy to have the opportunity of getting to know Manchester. It's such a good city.''' ,'''My family helps me a lot, and my mum is always picking on me. I have grown used to saying that she is the worst defender I have had to face, but I know she says all that stuff for my own good.''' ,'''I can always improve.''' ,'''I always want to run; I always want to play.''' ,'''Yes, it's true that my mother has a go at me when I don't track back. We are very, very close, and she demands a lot from me, which is great.''' ,'''My whole life has always been football and that only. Since I was six years old, I've only really thought about football. I used to watch it on TV, play video games, and so on. I just love football. Some people joke that I am too into it, but football just sums up my life.''' ,'''I'm very attached to my family. My mother is hard on me when she has to be, and that makes a huge difference. Their support means I need concentrate only on playing.''' ,'''Pep Guardiola is a very ambitious manager; that's a reason why he has been able to win all the trophies he has won in his career.''' ,'''My mother gave me a ball, and from then on, there was only football in my life.''' ,'''Everyone knows Pep Guardiola is a great professional, but getting to know him, I have realised he is an even better person.''' ,'''I'm a normal person, and I like living this way - and always with a smile in my face.''' ,'''Aguero is my team-mate, and I'll always cheer for him to score and help the club.''' ,'''Jardim Peri will be always marked in my life, and I'm always going to bring it with me. It will not only be on a tattoo on my body - but also in my heart.''' ,'''I want to win titles, and Manchester City is a club that is used to winning.''' ,'''I realised it was very important to show the fans that I'm a normal person.''' ,'''It's always a real pleasure to play at Wembley.''' ,'''My father left the family right after I was born, so my mother was working every single day to support me and my brothers.''' ,'''I have always enjoyed working hard, and that's why I try to give my best tactically as well as going forward.''' ,'''It was playing on the varzea where I learned to be a warrior, to fight for every ball, and then to never give it away.''' ,'''I like to define myself as a fighter on the pitch.''' ,'''Brazilians are very creative, not only in football but in life as well.''' ,'''When the team is losing, you can become upset and mixed up, shying away from the play, and lose control.''' ,'''My life has always been full of challenges.''' ,'''I play to win.''' ,'''The Varzea is kind of like street basketball in America or like the semi-professional football leagues in Europe. The pitches are all dirt, and you're playing against the marmanjo - the 'hard men.' It's known for being extremely physical.''' ,'''I was lucky because my mother worked extremely hard, and our family always had food to eat.''' ,'''I began playing football on the streets.''' ,'''I push myself to the limit to do what I most like doing, which is playing football.''' ,'''I remember when I was playing for Pequeninos, I'd see some of the kids after the match with their fathers, and I was alone. That was heavy for me. It marked me.''' ,'''When the collective works, the individuals with show themselves.''' ,]
+++