+++
author = "Ricochet"
title = "Ricochet Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Ricochet Quotes"
keywords = "ricochet,ricochet quotes,ricochet quote,ricochet sayings,ricochet saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I normally did isolation/bodybuilding-style workouts. But since coming to the Performance Center, the strength and conditioning coach has me doing a lot of different workouts I've never done before, and it's really shocked my body in a good way.''' ,'''I had a list of names I wanted to use. Ricochet happened to be one of them, but I really wanted a true name name, like Johnny Gargano, Adam Cole, John Cena.''' ,'''I was born in Alton, Ill., and moved to Paducah, Ky., when I was 3 years old. I lived in Kentucky until I moved to Florida in 2015.''' ,'''I really still enjoy Japan. I love going to New Japan. It's great.''' ,'''I'd like to go to NXT, be NXT Champion.''' ,'''Confidence is what I'm looking for! Comfortable and confident in the things you say. I feel like, for me, that's the hardest part, the confidence.''' ,'''One of my friend's dad owned a grocery store, and one of the kids who worked at the grocery store was a wrestler. We got tickets to one of the shows, and then we stayed after, and they asked us if we wanted to get in there and train a little bit.''' ,'''I think other than Jim Cornette, who's just, you know, a bitter old man who wants viewings, other than people like that guy who are just bitter, I could probably find whatever fan out there and show them some match that I've done that they would enjoy.''' ,'''Oh yeah, 100%, I've been an open book. Even my whole career, I've kind of been like an open book.''' ,'''I've been friends with a lot of the NXT competitors for years, but just walking into the Performance Center alone is intimidating.''' ,'''People are going to like what they like, and they're going to be vocal about what they don't like.''' ,'''I don't have any hard feelings against anyone at Lucha Underground.''' ,'''I have to figure out different ways to get into the moves that I do because everyone has a different offense, and I need different counters to go into my moves, and that's more down to tape watching.''' ,'''I want to be a 'coffee guy,' but I just haven't started.''' ,'''There's so much to do in Paducah, Kentucky... Paducah's pretty cool, man.''' ,'''Wrestling can be as much or as little as you want it to be. Everyone likes different movies, different music, different colors. They have a right to their opinion, but to say, 'This isn't wrestling,' well, yeah, it is.''' ,'''Sleeping comes easy to me. As soon as I lay my head down, I fall asleep like flicking a switch.''' ,'''Luckily, here in WWE, they have a mega-awesome medical group. They're there at every show. If something is hurting even slightly, they're gonna ice it or something. They take care of us so well.''' ,'''The coaches are there to bounce ideas off and stuff, but at the end of the day, they let us be us. We make our match, and we do 'us', you know what I mean?''' ,'''I've never had the 'I'm going to throw up' feeling in the ring, but I do get headaches after I wrestle if I don't eat.''' ,'''One of my strong suits is finding and creating transitions between moves, then stringing combinations into series.''' ,'''If anyone had any advice for me, like, I would try to take it into consideration because I feel like, if it's good or bad advice, I can still take some bits out of it and try to use that to better yourself.''' ,'''When it comes to the moves themselves, after I created a style, a lot of guys started doing the same moves I was. I had to switch up my whole offense. Then, when it happened again, I had to switch it up again. It was a hard thing to do, but it helps me grow and helps me not become stale.''' ,'''Triple H and Shawn Michaels and all those guys are more than happy to let me be myself. They want me to do my thing.''' ,'''To even be part of NJPW is an honour in and of itself.There's people all over the world who would love to be here. So just being here myself is an honour.''' ,'''When you're hurting after a match, the last thing you want to do is get in a car or on a plane to get to the next city.''' ,'''It's no secret that the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship is a huge dream of mine. There's been so many guys I looked up to - Pegasus Kid, Owen Hart, Liger, Prince Devitt, Kota Ibushi... the best of the best have held that belt.''' ,'''Working at home is always best. Traveling is the hardest part of my job - I say I don't get paid to wrestle, because that's the fun part. I get paid to travel.''' ,'''Wrestling can be anything... There's some forms of wrestling that I'm not too big a fan of, but I'm not going to say it's not wrestling because it is wrestling.''' ,'''We never had the most money, but my parents always did their best to take care of me and my brother. I had a real small but tight group of friends, and we would just ride our bikes all day after school and play video games, or we would actually wrestle out in the backyard.''' ,]
+++