+++
author = "J. Michael Bishop"
title = "J. Michael Bishop Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 J. Michael Bishop Quotes"
keywords = "j. michael bishop,j. michael bishop quotes,j. michael bishop quote,j. michael bishop sayings,j. michael bishop saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I obtained eight years of elementary education in a two-room school, where I encountered a stern but engaging teacher who awakened my intellect with instruction that would seem rigorous today in many colleges. History figured large in the curriculum, exciting for me what was to become an enduring interest.''' ,'''In my first publishable research, I obtained evidence that the replication of polio viral RNA engendered a multi-stranded intermediate, although my description of that intermediate proved flawed in its details.''' ,'''I entered Harvard Medical School knowing nothing of research.''' ,'''Tests conducted before I graduated predicted a future for me in journalism, forestry, or the teaching of music; persons who know me well could recognize some truth in those seemingly errant prognoses.''' ,'''My youth held little forecast of a career in biomedical research. I was born on February 22, 1936, in York, Pennsylvania, and spent my childhood in a rural area on the west bank of the Susquehanna River.''' ,'''During the summer months of my high-school years, I befriended Dr. Robert Kough, a physician who cared for members of my family. Although he was practicing general medicine in a rural community when I met him, he was well equipped to arouse in me an interest not only in the life of a physician but in the fundaments of human biology.''' ,'''In San Francisco, I found Warren Levinson, who had set up a program to study Rous Sarcoma Virus, an archetype for what we now call retroviruses. At the time, the replication of retroviruses was one of the great puzzles of animal virology. Levinson, Levintow and I joined forces in the hope of solving that puzzle.''' ,'''My life in science has been rich and rewarding. I have sacrificed very little.''' ,]
+++