+++
author = "Gina Gershon"
title = "Gina Gershon Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Gina Gershon Quotes"
keywords = "gina gershon,gina gershon quotes,gina gershon quote,gina gershon sayings,gina gershon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think the original Matrix was really incredible. It was so original and it did so many innovative things with film. It was a much bigger film. Bound was just a smaller film. It was kind of like an old noir film.''' ,'''I love giving gifts and I love receiving them. I really like giving little kids extravagant gifts. You see their little faces light up and they get excited. If it's a really good gift, I love receiving it, like jewels, small islands.''' ,'''I think smart is sexy. I like smart people. People that are comfortable with themselves I think is very sexy. My cat is really sexy.''' ,'''I usually just have one cat. It is difficult, but I have my one cat that he'll travel with me if it's appropriate, if I'm not going overseas.''' ,'''I think people stop themselves from doing the things they want to do. I just think you never know how long you're going to be around so you might as well do the things that are intriguing. Nobody really cares anyway so you have to do what makes you happy.''' ,'''I did the cover of Cigar Aficionado, so I'm supposed to talk about loving cigars. I've smoked them a couple of times. My father used to smoke cigars. I love the idea and the concept, and I love the smell of cigars.''' ,'''Lately, I've been a little sad that I'm not a gay man.''' ,'''I feel like I still am struggling in a lot of different ways. I still have to fight for certain things. Certain jobs. At least I'm working and I'm thankful for that.''' ,'''Size counts. That's all.''' ,'''I don't have any blonde friends.''' ,'''A lot of my friends are struggling musicians. Being a struggling actor, it's just frustrating because you're not allowed to do what you want to do.''' ,'''I always find people who are unique very attractive.''' ,'''Actresses are nightmares. I don't hang out with any of them. That's a problem with my profession. I try not to be like an actress.''' ,'''Feeding is a very important ritual for me. I don't trust people who don't like to eat.''' ,'''I'm involved in Project ALS which is trying to get money for stem cell research. That's one I've been pretty involved with because if you can cure that, you can cure so many other diseases.''' ,'''I would love to do a big studio movie, just because they're going to put the money into distributing it. A lot of times you do these little movies, you love them and they never get seen by anyone.''' ,'''People seem to get weirdly obsessed with my mouth.''' ,'''I learned a lot about critics, not to really take them too seriously about movies.''' ,'''My favorite part of a roller-coaster ride is when you're going up and you're slightly scared and really excited. You don't know what's coming next but you know it's going to be good. You can't handle it, go on the carousel.''' ,'''In any profession, there's a sleazy side and an honorable side.''' ,'''I've seen it too many times in Hollywood. Talking about a relationship in public can jinx it. And if you have your picture taken together, you might as well start packing your bags.''' ,'''My best attribute is knowing when not to answer stupid questions.''' ,'''I was obsessed with Elvis Presley when I was little.''' ,'''When Bound was released, Boys don't Cry wasn't out yet. Therefore it was very taboo to play a lesbian. I loved the part, because girls never get to play the typical guy parts.''' ,'''I love cats. I have a lot of cat tales, ha ha, so to speak. A lot of my cats come to me. They show up at my house. I'm kind of a cat lady that way.''' ,'''Struggling at anything that you want to be doing is hard.''' ,'''The critics tend to forget their own answers after a while.''' ,'''You don't quite know how drunk you are until all of a sudden you're on the floor.''' ,]
+++