+++
author = "Vogue Williams"
title = "Vogue Williams Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Vogue Williams Quotes"
keywords = "vogue williams,vogue williams quotes,vogue williams quote,vogue williams sayings,vogue williams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like women who don't wear too much make-up. Natalie Portman is naturally stunning, and so are Charlize Theron and Kate Bosworth.''' ,'''If anyone ever asks me about different places, I always say I'd rather be in Howth. Any time I'm home, I just walk the pier and think how lucky I am to be there.''' ,'''People know me from my social media and television appearances and they'd see through me if I wasn't being honest.''' ,'''I know wearing a bikini is a thing a lot of women dread, but I keep up my training regime whether it's winter or summer, so my body always stays the same.''' ,'''Before I was pregnant, I felt strong but not fit.''' ,'''My marriage broke up when what I really wanted in my life was children. I really worried about it and thought, 'I'm not married anymore. I'm probably never going to get the chance to have children.' All those things run through your mind.''' ,'''I've done acting for years.''' ,'''I'm not very strict about my diet.''' ,'''The most challenging part of my life is probably my anxiety, to be honest. I have to try to keep it under control and to make sure I feel alright.''' ,'''My sister is a lesbian and I want her to have that same feeling. A civil partnership is not the same as marriage. She's in a serious relationship with a girl I am obsessed with. I would love her to marry her girlfriend because I love her so much.''' ,'''Cara Delevingne, Gisele Bundchen and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley are all gorgeous.''' ,'''I don't model anymore, there's, like, zero pressure for me to get back into shape.''' ,'''My anxiety was probably at an all-time high before 'The Jump.' I look back at pictures and think: 'God, I'm really skinny there,' because when you're anxious you have that feeling in your stomach and don't feel like eating.''' ,'''Instagram to me is just all about fun.''' ,'''I can't do without real food and I love chocolate.''' ,'''Certainly I'm not overweight. I'm the perfect weight for my height.''' ,'''You will never see me on the bike or treadmill for long periods of time; I just use them for one-minute sprints between sets.''' ,'''I try to be healthy during the week, then go a bit wild at the weekend.''' ,'''I used to consider changing a lot of different things in my appearance. I've been that person.''' ,'''When you're first pregnant, you have that 'Wow, I can't wait' and then, by the end of the nine months - which is really 10 months of waiting for someone to arrive - you're just so ready for it to be over.''' ,'''I love DJing and being asked to DJ at the Ocean Beach club was something I couldn't refuse; once I got on the decks and saw everyone dancing I felt in my element!''' ,'''When you're growing up you're less happy with your body and the way you look but as I've got older it's not the number one priority anymore.''' ,'''I like men's fragrances. Women's are too feminine and sweet for me. I've got Terre d'Hermes, Bleu de Chanel and L'Occitane's Citrus Verbena.''' ,'''I want to promote a healthy lifestyle where I'm toned, I'm not too skinny, I'm the weight I want to be.''' ,'''I do think social media can be positive - there are so many parents online sharing their experiences. I talk to other parents and I've made some brilliant friends. But it can also be nasty.''' ,'''The problem with Instagram is people aren't portraying their real selves.''' ,'''Nobody knows it, but I would be considered posh in Ireland.''' ,'''I did have the odd person recognise me, but Australia is massive. I did 'Dancing With The Stars' and the odd thing for magazines, but that's about it.''' ,'''There were definitely difficult times growing up, but it was always generally OK.''' ,'''The most shocking fact about Summer Bay is not that it looks so much like Brittas Bay. It is that it seems to be almost exclusively populated with Irish people.''' ,'''I would love a radio show, a bit like when Nicky Byrne sat in for Ryan Tubridy.''' ,'''I work out a lot at the gym, probably five or six days a week, even when I'm on holiday.''' ,'''I understand that it's hard seeing gorgeous girls on Instagram and wanting a body like theirs, but I think we need to be happier in our own bodies and understand that we're gorgeous just the way we are.''' ,'''I was always more street-smart than academic, as such, but I took a Mensa test once and did quite well in it.''' ,'''I don't know where I got the height from; dad was only five-foot-seven and my brother's five-foot eight.''' ,'''Sometimes you just have to write some days off, and I know that's a terrible thing to say, but it's the truth.''' ,'''I get photographed at events and it must look like that's my life, but it's not. That's not real life. I wonder do the Kardashians have any real life?''' ,'''I used to have a bright pink, shiny bubble jacket when I was young. My mum made me wear it.''' ,'''That's the joy of having a dog. You have to walk them no matter how awful you feel.''' ,'''Diane Kruger has a really chilled-out sense of style. It has a Parisian feel and isn't overly girly.''' ,'''Spencer is nearly as much of a neat freak as me!''' ,'''I've worked every job under the sun, from waitressing in my teens, to clocking hours on a construction site in London (I have degrees in quantity surveying and construction). I modelled on the side and starred on reality TV in Ireland.''' ,'''As a mum, the last thing you need is to be parent-shamed.''' ,'''A whole day without make-up is a lovely feeling.''' ,'''London seems like such a small place now that I've been there for a while.''' ,'''I try to be very honest with everything I do.''' ,'''I went on a whole new skincare regime that included two cleansers, two moisturisers, three serums and face pads with glycolic acid in them.''' ,'''Marriage is a great thing and it's nice to have that family bond with someone.''' ,'''Make-up wise Charlotte Tilbury, Estee Lauder, and Bobbi Brown are my favourites.''' ,'''Shaming happens every day online, it happens all the time. I can be skinny shamed and fat shamed in the same day.''' ,'''Regardless of if I'm a size 6 or 26 it's nobody's business and nobody has the right to body shame me or anyone else.''' ,'''I like my jeans fitted but I wear quite baggy tops and slouchy jackets.''' ,'''For me I went to two different skin clinics, I went to the London Skin and Hair Clinic in Holborn first. They gave me quite a few peels over a few months and then put me on a prescribed antibiotic as my skin had got so bad.''' ,'''The Internet used to be fun, it was nice, now it's a way for people to be abusive towards one another.''' ,'''I think people are weirded out that I like being single.''' ,'''Black is just such an easy colour to wear and always looks cool and slick.''' ,'''When I was younger I was told to lose some weight because I was a little bit chubbier, but I didn't dream of modelling in Milan or anywhere like that because I don't find toilet paper too tasty.''' ,'''I don't like the taste of alcohol very much so I rarely drink unless I'm on a night out with my friends. Plus, I've found that alcohol can trigger anxiety and your skin looks better without it. I'd rather have a bag of Haribo sweets!''' ,'''I want a family and I just want us to be happy, which I'm sure we will be.''' ,'''Everyone always asks me about my hair... I usually have extensions in.''' ,'''Taming Spencer wasn't anything to do with me. He had already grown up and was ready for a relationship. Ready for this kind of relationship.''' ,'''As women, we put a lot of pressure on ourselves, because everyone is different and you're never going to be someone else.''' ,'''Spencer is quite romantic every day - he's very affectionate. He sets his alarm early so that we can have snuggles before he gets out of bed - I know that sounds so cringey but we do actually do that.''' ,'''I'm a tan addict.''' ,'''I think with my book, I wanted to first of all just be completely involved in it. I wanted to write it; I didn't want a ghost writer. I wanted to be honest about everything.''' ,'''I've met people that I've seen on Instagram and thought 'Oh my God! You don't look like the person I follow on Instagram.' It's important to remember it's a snapshot of someone's life.''' ,'''Some days I can dress really girlie and other days I'll be more androgynous.''' ,'''Everyone looks and feels better when they have a tan.''' ,'''I couldn't leave the house without lip balm.''' ,'''If I'm not working, I usually wear my gym gear and a fresh face.''' ,'''I love black and white and very simple and classic clothes.''' ,'''I'm a very proud Irish person, and also used to be an expat. We are a great nation, sound in fact!''' ,'''My style always depends on my mood.''' ,'''My theory is that if you have pizza one night, you can just make a better choice the the next day.''' ,'''I don't think diets work - when you stop, you just put the weight back on.''' ,'''I love a really, good in-depth facial, I've had the vampire facial. But I have my limits.''' ,'''I've used fake tan since my teens. I remember walking into school at 14 with orange hands!''' ,'''I believe in everything in moderation but I try to be careful about what I eat.''' ,'''I trained the day before I gave birth and the only reason I didn't on the day I was giving birth was that I had to be in hospital at 6:30 A. M. to be induced so I wasn't able to make a spin class.''' ,'''Sometimes I'll just feel like wearing all black and being really chill, some days I like dressing boyish and then other days I wanna get really dressed up and be girlie. My wardrobe is all over the place.''' ,'''I won't be made to feel guilty about being a working mum; it's my choice, and I know I'm doing a good job.''' ,'''I'd love to have legs like supermodel Gisele Bundchen!''' ,'''I was such a messer. I would go to my room and pretend to study, but I'd really just take a nap. I was suspended twice as I was such a brat, but the nuns loved me so I got away with it for as long as I could.''' ,'''I'm trying to figure out where I'm going with my life and that causes a lot of anxiety.''' ,'''I do spend a lot of money on skincare now because I've become quite obsessed with it. I love brands like Dermalogica and IMAGE skincare.''' ,'''Good on every mother, whether they breastfeed or not, because this is not an easy job and as long as you and your baby are healthy and happy, that's all that counts.''' ,'''From the moment we met on 'The Jump' we were best friends. We really enjoyed each other's company and we hung out a lot so I knew that, if nothing else, I had made a friend for life in Spencer.''' ,'''No-one has a perfect life. You put a perfect life forward, but no-one has a perfect life.''' ,'''People had said to me how giving birth is like a marathon, and because I did train throughout the pregnancy I think it gave me that extra energy that I needed.''' ,'''I'm having a lot of cravings - I can't get enough of dairy. Ice cream, milk, yogurt, cheese - I want it all. Orange juice is also a big one - and, weirdly, my mum said she craved orange juice when she was pregnant with me.''' ,'''I worried because I'd been on the pill for so long and the doctor said to me, 'If you want to have three or four children the chances are you probably won't get pregnant for another year so you should probably start trying now.' We started trying and it happened quite quickly.''' ,'''I think I just wanted to run after my dad died, so I ran to Australia. It's only looking back that I think that, though. I never would have done anything like that before; it was so out of character.''' ,'''I liked bands like Oasis and The Prodigy.''' ,'''One of my friends is single and he hates being single and I'm like, you need to figure out how to be happy on your own before you can actually be with someone else. They bring extra happiness, they don't bring the happiness.''' ,'''I don't expect people to think anything nice of me.''' ,'''The great thing about the beach they use in 'Home & Away' is that they can't kick you off it, so there were always tons of Irish people on it all the time.''' ,'''We put each other's happiness before our own, so I would prefer that Spencer was super happy... So, like I always want him to be happy and he always wants me to be happy, which in turn, makes a very happy house.''' ,'''I used to get comments off people saying, 'I think it's a disgrace, you need to be relaxing, you're pregnant, you need to take the next 10 months off!' But that doesn't suit me or my lifestyle or the way I feel about myself. I train a lot for anxiety, it makes me feel good and I like it.''' ,'''I have two pairs of Louboutins, in black and nude, which go with absolutely everything. They were very expensive, but I love them and I wear them all the time.''' ,'''I get quite bad anxiety and it's come back a bit while I've been pregnant. I don't know why I have it - it's just general life anxiety.''' ,]
+++