+++
author = "Jack Herer"
title = "Jack Herer Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Jack Herer Quotes"
keywords = "jack herer,jack herer quotes,jack herer quote,jack herer sayings,jack herer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My family moved to Buffalo, New York in 1940 where I was raised.''' ,'''Rag paper, containing hemp fiber, is the highest quality and longest lasting paper ever made. It can be torn when wet, but returns to its full strength when dry.''' ,'''You see, the Greenhouse Effect is a direct result of burning fossil or old carbon fuels.''' ,'''Growing hemp as nature designed it is vital to our urgent need to reduce greenhouse gases and ensure the survival of our planet.''' ,'''This girl wanted me to experience something I'd never experienced. She tried three times to get me high. Finally it worked, and I had the most incredible sex I'd ever had.''' ,'''Well, as I understand it, the main supporters are beer companies and the pharmaceutical companies. I'd like them to show me the dead bodies from marijuana. But they can't because there aren't any.''' ,'''I was a normal American nerd.''' ,'''Hempseed produces no observable high for humans or birds.''' ,'''If you substitute marijuana for tobacco and alcohol, you'll add eight to 24 years to your life.''' ,'''Many artists and writers have used cannabis for creative stimulation - from the writers of the world's religious masterpieces to our most irreverent satirists.''' ,'''I've lived in Los Angeles for at least 24 years.''' ,'''I don't want to wait 20 or 50 years for something to be done about petrochemical pollution.''' ,'''Our leaders are acting like lemmings.''' ,'''The only dead bodies from marijuana are in the prisons and at the hands of the police. This is ridiculous.''' ,'''But you can count the dead bodies from alcohol, tobacco, and legal pharmaceuticals by the millions.''' ,'''When I went off to the army when I was 17 years old, I believed in America and the rights of freedom. But today I believe my government is lying to the American people and that my president, George Bush, is a criminal.''' ,'''I was 30 years old and this girl I knew found out I had never gotten high. Nobody had ever told me about marijuana.''' ,]
+++