+++
author = "Uta Hagen"
title = "Uta Hagen Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Uta Hagen Quotes"
keywords = "uta hagen,uta hagen quotes,uta hagen quote,uta hagen sayings,uta hagen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love playing Chekhov. That's the hardest; that's why I love it most.''' ,'''Once in awhile, there's stuff that makes me say, That's what theatre's about. It has to be a human event on the stage, and that doesn't happen very often.''' ,'''I have disassociated myself from that book.''' ,'''Marlon was so sensitive, you thought the poor guy just had a bad education.''' ,'''We were not allowed to say, Screw, but we could say, Hump the hostess, because hump is in Shakespeare.''' ,'''I love going to the movies; I love watching good movie actors. They must know something I don't.''' ,'''I won't go to England because they won't let my dog in.''' ,'''They still had the Lord Chamberlain, so we had this idiotic censorship. We were allowed three Jesus Christs instead of 10. Why three were OK, I don't know.''' ,'''If you want a bourgeois existence, you shouldn't be an actor. You're in the wrong profession.''' ,'''Maybe the one I enjoyed playing most was A Month in the Country.''' ,'''I'm a bad liar; I don't know what to say backstage.''' ,'''We must overcome the notion that we must be regular... it robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre.''' ,'''Working with Brando was fun. It was like a tennis match. We played unbelievably well together.''' ,'''I think, by and large, the level of acting is mediocre. When I go to the theatre, I get so angry. I don't go.''' ,'''Awards don't really mean much.''' ,'''Usually, someone who's in a show gets me a ticket. I feel cornered. I can't walk out if I don't like it.''' ,'''We had a relationship that lasted 44 years. Herbert and I lived together 10 years before we were married. He always gave me a little heart for whatever anniversary.''' ,]
+++