+++
author = "Billy Sunday"
title = "Billy Sunday Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Billy Sunday Quotes"
keywords = "billy sunday,billy sunday quotes,billy sunday quote,billy sunday sayings,billy sunday saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The rivers of America will run with blood filled to their banks before we will submit to them taking the Bible out of our schools.''' ,'''Try praising your wife, even if it does frighten her at first.''' ,'''Conversion is a complete surrender to Jesus. It's a willingness to do what he wants you to do.''' ,'''A revival does two things. First, it returns the Church from her backsliding and second, it causes the conversion of men and women; and it always includes the conviction of sin on the part of the Church. What a spell the devil seems to cast over the Church today!''' ,'''There is nothing in the world of art like the songs mother used to sing.''' ,'''Some persons have lived manly or womanly lives, and they lack but one thing - open confession of the Lord Jesus Christ. Some men think that they must come to him in a certain way - that they must be stirred by emotion or something like that.''' ,'''I believe the Bible is the word of God from cover to cover.''' ,'''Hell is the highest reward that the devil can offer you for being a servant of his.''' ,'''And if you think that anybody is going to frighten me, you don't know me yet.''' ,'''I believe that a long step toward public morality will have been taken when sins are called by their right names.''' ,'''The saloon is a liar. It promises good cheer and sends sorrow.''' ,'''I believe there is no doctrine more dangerous to the Church today than to convey the impression that a revival is something peculiar in itself and cannot be judged by the same rules of causes and effect as other things.''' ,'''Whiskey is all right in its place - but its place is hell.''' ,'''What have you given the world it never possessed before you came?''' ,'''If there is no hell, a good many preachers are obtaining money under false pretenses.''' ,'''When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.''' ,'''I am the sworn, eternal and uncompromising enemy of the liquor traffic.''' ,'''The Democratic party of Florida has put a temperance plank in its platform and the Republican party of every state would nail that plank in their platform if they thought it would carry the election.''' ,'''If you don't do your part, don't blame God.''' ,'''After all is said that can be said upon the liquor traffic, its influence is degrading upon the individual, the family, politics and business, and upon everything that you touch in this old world.''' ,'''Jesus Christ was God's revenue officer.''' ,'''I challenge you to show me where the saloon has ever helped business, education, church, morals or anything we hold dear.''' ,'''God Almighty never intended that the devil should triumph over the Church. He never intended that the saloons should walk rough-shod over Christianity.''' ,'''When may a revival be expected? When the wickedness of the wicked grieves and distresses the Christian.''' ,'''Hypocrites in the Church? Yes, and in the lodge and at the home. Don't hunt through the Church for a hypocrite. Go home and look in the mirror. Hypocrites? Yes. See that you make the number one less.''' ,'''When is a revival needed? When carelessness and unconcern keep the people asleep.''' ,'''I am a temperance Republican down to my toes.''' ,'''They tell me a revival is only temporary; so is a bath, but it does you good.''' ,'''Unless you have made a complete surrender and are doing his will it will avail you nothing if you've reformed a thousand times and have your name on fifty church records.''' ,'''More men fail through lack of purpose than lack of talent.''' ,'''Religion needs a baptism of horse sense.''' ,'''The devil says I'm out, but the Lord says I'm safe.''' ,'''I tell you that the curse of God Almighty is on the saloon.''' ,'''Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile.''' ,'''Live so that when the final summons comes you will leave something more behind you than an epitaph on a tombstone or an obituary in a newspaper.''' ,'''Christianity means a lot more than church membership.''' ,'''There are individuals who have never done anything for Jesus Christ, and I have no doubt there are preachers as well, who have never done anything for the God Almighty.''' ,'''Home is the place we love best and grumble the most.''' ,'''I have been, and will go on, fighting that damnable, dirty, rotten business with all the power at my command.''' ,'''I dare not exercise personal liberty if it infringes on the liberty of others.''' ,'''The trouble with many men is that they have got just enough religion to make them miserable. If there is not joy in religion, you have got a leak in your religion.''' ,'''Personal liberty is not personal license.''' ,'''Some persons think that they have to look like a hedgehog to be pious.''' ,'''The fellow that has no money is poor. The fellow that has nothing but money is poorer still.''' ,'''There is no law, divine or human, that the saloon respects.''' ,'''Temptation is the devil looking through the keyhole. Yielding is opening the door and inviting him in.''' ,'''At Kansas City, Kansas, before the saloons were closed, they were getting ready to build an addition to the jail. Now the doors swing idly on the hinges and there is nobody to lock in the jails.''' ,'''You can't raise the standard of women's morals by raising their pay envelope. It lies deeper than that.''' ,'''You might as well try and dam Niagara Falls with toothpicks as to stop the reform wave sweeping our land.''' ,'''The world is wrong side up. It needs to be turned upside down in order to be right side up.''' ,]
+++