+++
author = "Rahul Dev"
title = "Rahul Dev Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Rahul Dev Quotes"
keywords = "rahul dev,rahul dev quotes,rahul dev quote,rahul dev sayings,rahul dev saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I turned vegetarian because my wife was one, and wanted me to convert.''' ,'''Siddhant has received a perfect upbringing from his mother and it's up to me now to continue on the same track. But I must say that it's definitely not possible for a father to play the role of a dad and mom simultaneously.''' ,'''I have a very close relationship with God. I even fight with Him at times.''' ,'''When I look at character artistes, they begin after 40. For instance, Boman Irani took up his first film after he was 40. Since I too, am in my 40s, I think I am finally getting to be in my zone.''' ,'''I have no qualms about doing any kind of role as long as it is substantial.''' ,'''Frankly speaking, I don't want to be typecast as someone who only does negative roles.''' ,'''Padam Kumar is a technically sound director, very contemporary.''' ,'''As parents, it's easy to not give the child enough credit and not spend enough time together.''' ,'''I am an introvert.''' ,'''If we think about physical strength and that women lack in it, we must understand that in a tough situation, mental strength is more important than physical power. So, women are equally strong for combat roles.''' ,'''I want to act in a film like 'The Pianist.'''' ,'''I have done many movies. Some simultaneously and others after taking a break.''' ,'''I'm astonished at the speed of social media as it can get things done really fast.''' ,'''Vegetarianism is the best way of expressing love for animals.''' ,'''My basic food mantra is small portions, no water during the meal and the capacity to say no to an extra helping if it's not required.''' ,'''I had taken a three-and-a-half year break from films because I lost my wife Rina and had to take care of my son.''' ,'''I stay away from alcohol and cigarettes, as I am a tee-totaller.''' ,'''Bigg Boss' has given me a more mature audience.''' ,'''Sculpting a body is different from fitness.''' ,'''I don't believe in being loud. I find that stupid. Understated things work much better.''' ,'''In many households today, the woman is also a bread winner and with this financial independence comes the power of making choices.''' ,'''People have to learn how to manage their own body weight in gyms.''' ,'''I am so tied up with my Bollywood projects that I have no time for fashion shows.''' ,'''I am a fitness freak.''' ,'''I can't imagine my life without a fitness regime and enjoy motivating others about the same.''' ,'''When I joined the industry, people were not very appreciative of models turning to acting.''' ,'''I had a good experience while shooting for 'Mahanayak.'''' ,'''Every time I watched 'K3G,' I buried my face in my hands and wept.''' ,'''Despite having my share of ups and downs, I have always maintained good health. A large part of that is due to good genes.''' ,'''I am extremely passionate about fitness.''' ,'''I realise that surviving in the film industry is not an easy job, but if one puts one's heart and soul into one's work, anything is possible.''' ,'''I am a foodie and do not suppress the needs of my body.''' ,'''People get inspired by Salman Khan, Sylvester Stallone or Arnold Schwarzenegger. But, body sculpting is a gradual progression.''' ,'''Yes, I have done many roles with negative shades, such as 'Awara Paagal Deewana' and 'Champion.' But in 'Ashoka,' I played a positive character.''' ,'''A film career is a natural progression for any model and i'm sure this trend will continue.''' ,'''I never bunked school. School was always the most special place for me.''' ,'''I played cricket for the Delhi under-15 and 19 team. I was inspired by Imran Khan.''' ,'''As an actor, I belong to a strange slot, where you may have all sorts of roles in your kitty.''' ,'''I was told that television will be very difficult. But I think everyone just hypes it.''' ,'''As a parent I fail because my son does not take me seriously.''' ,'''After 'Champion,' I got like 20,000 psychopath roles! And they wanted me to strip and show my body in every film. But I have tried to balance my roles.''' ,'''Coming from a uniformed background I can relate to the army.''' ,'''I believe 'Takkari Donga' didn't do too well. But I had a blast doing the film.''' ,'''Everyone starts from a raw stage at some point of time.''' ,'''The sun is the supreme life source and I receive all my good vibrations from it.''' ,'''I know that I don't have the image of a lover boy.''' ,'''I believe that destiny has a big role to play in everyone's life.''' ,'''I gave importance to parenting over everything else and went back to Delhi. Now, when I had to make a comeback, 'Bigg Boss' was the best platform to give me that visibility.''' ,'''I would wonder why I was gaining weight even after playing and exercising so much. It was only after I grew up that I got to know that the paranthas were called baldaar because of the amount of cream and ghee that went into making them.''' ,'''GenX has a no-nonsense attitude.''' ,'''After a level, it does not matter if you are capable to do 100 push-ups, but how to take action in a do-or-die situation - saving your country while on mission.''' ,'''One of the biggest lessons I've learnt is patience. It's critical when raising a child.''' ,'''I was one of the first ones to be on the cover of 'Society' magazine in 1995 flaunting my six packs.''' ,'''While our social life is taken care of by the social media, fitness is one activity that needs a push.''' ,'''I think you should love your body. Train it properly because the result is always amazing.''' ,'''My hero is Akshay Kumar. He is extremely fit.''' ,'''I can't see myself doing something as astonishing as jumping of a chopper. I find it stupid.''' ,'''I have strong views against substance usage and abuse. It's bad for kidney and central neuro system.''' ,'''At a time when you do not know what chemicals are being fed into plants, there's no way you would know how toxic animals are. So, I'd stick to vegetarian fare.''' ,'''If you look around, 90 percent of marriages are cliches - people aren't genuinely happy even if they look happy together.''' ,'''Chennai is certainly not a fashion place, though I hear it's picking up.''' ,'''To be successful in Bollywood, one needs a certain body type.''' ,'''I am happy that Delhi is now catching up fast on the nightlife circuit. The city has a rocking night life.''' ,'''There is immense pressure of being caught in the rat race. At such times, I'm glad I have just one child.''' ,'''I never wanted to act. I never participated in school plays.''' ,'''My wife was an excellent mother, her loss has left a big void in my son's life, and those are shoes that I cannot fill. The loss of a parent has not been easy on him.''' ,'''My fitness approach and philosophy are based on day-to-day functionalities. These functions are bending, lifting, lunging, pulling, pushing and squatting.''' ,'''I wanted to pursue my passion for cricket, but after school, I got into an engineering college.''' ,'''Female directors are slightly less vociferous.''' ,'''I saw Adrien Brody's Oscar speech and was moved to tears.''' ,'''My father was a cop.''' ,'''I am a vegetarian.''' ,'''Young actors like Varun Dhawan, Tiger Shroff and Jacqueline Fernandez are extremely fit. They can spread awareness about fitness among the youth.''' ,'''We need to embrace fitness. We only have to blame ourselves for our lack of fitness.''' ,'''I used to come to school with my school bag hanging on one shoulder and the cricket kit on the other. It was pretty cool and I felt special.''' ,'''The problem with the film industry is that once one starts out as a villain, subsequent offers are those of similar roles.''' ,'''I do not adhere to any strict diet plans as I feel they do more harm.''' ,'''I was the first guy from a modelling background to successfully venture into films.''' ,'''I can give you 150 philosophies about converting to vegetarianism, but you will only convert if your body feels right. I, for instance, feel fabulous; my body feels clean after becoming a vegetarian.''' ,'''I can't be the villain that I play in the movies.''' ,'''I have done some 104 films across languages, most of which had action.''' ,'''Supari' is about four friends, each one chasing a different dream.''' ,'''It's fantastic to be associated with television.''' ,'''Exercising has a calming influence on me. It's almost like a meditation.''' ,'''It's when you begin to deal with stress mentally, physically and emotionally, that you can be truly fit.''' ,'''You can never write off a good actor, look at Arshad Warsi, one 'Munna Bhai' and he's back in business.''' ,'''Kids have a tendency to switch off if their parents are multitasking.''' ,'''I have a sweet tooth and I gorge into lots of chocolates. I just love them. I have a liking for coffee too.''' ,'''Sure, I have been a part of many Telugu movies, but I got those films because of my Hindi movies.''' ,'''My heroes were people like Arnold Schwarzenegger.''' ,'''I was the first Indian to be featured in the London edition of 'GQ' magazine and it was a six page story.''' ,'''I eat everything but in the right quantity.''' ,'''Milk is excellent for our body, but unless you are not utilising it for our exercises, it is not worth anything.''' ,'''We often succumb to our food cravings, but it is necessary to have a good diet.''' ,'''I was nominated as one of the most promising entrepreneurs by a business magazine a long time back. I worked in Telco way back in 1993 and then started my leather business.''' ,'''I'm not a great father and there have been many occasions, when I fall short, but I'm genuinely trying.''' ,'''Only the filmmakers need to realise your potential.''' ,'''I absolutely adore sweets, especially the exotic variety, and am a fanatical chocoholic.''' ,'''Take a walk in the park. It is not necessary to just go to a gym to stay fit.''' ,'''I am open to doing cinema as long as I find the script right.''' ,]
+++