+++
author = "Hugo Lloris"
title = "Hugo Lloris Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Hugo Lloris Quotes"
keywords = "hugo lloris,hugo lloris quotes,hugo lloris quote,hugo lloris sayings,hugo lloris saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's no more bad feeling than when you get a defeat.''' ,'''Talent is not enough. You need to be in the right place at the right moment.''' ,'''There is only one Messi, no?''' ,'''You see it more and more: managers asking their keepers to be the 11th field player.''' ,'''Sometimes in football, you live great moments, and you live some sad moments.''' ,'''It's true: with players like Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, it's difficult to catch them.''' ,'''When you wear the jersey of some clubs, you have this pressure every day. It's not the case in Tottenham.''' ,'''The French nation is more important than football.''' ,'''I feel like a Nice citizen: it's my hometown. I come back to the city to spend time there because it's in my DNA.''' ,'''The most important thing is what is happening inside the club.''' ,'''The World Cup ball is very fast, and you need to think very quickly, when to punch and when to catch.''' ,'''You can learn at any age and at any moment in your life.''' ,'''You have a personality inside the pitch and off the pitch and in the changing room, too. The most important thing is to be respected by your teammates, and that's the case at Tottenham.''' ,'''I started out with a tennis racquet. Later, during one of the breaks we got from tennis, I started playing football with my friends. I was only five years old.''' ,'''To have the opportunity to play for the best club in the world gives you the opportunity to play against the best players in the world.''' ,'''To be honest, the football and the time is going so fast. I don't want to say that I've forgotten about the World Cup, but for me, it belongs to the past. I don't have time to make a step backwards and think about the World Cup.''' ,'''After the World Cup, the next two or three days there is a lot of celebration, a lot of obligation, towards the country, towards the French Federation, towards the fans. And then, after that, you feel so empty - mentally and physically. It's a long tournament; it demands a lot of energy and a lot of emotion.''' ,'''It is part of being a goalkeeper: there is nobody behind to save you.''' ,'''You know that you have to keep winning to keep playing.''' ,'''I was a big fan of Pete Sampras.''' ,'''Every game that you lose it hurts, but especially when you lead 2-1, and you lose 4-2.''' ,'''Messi is unique. You can't compare anyone to him.''' ,'''At Tottenham, I'm asked to take a lot of risks to keep maximum possession of the ball and build from the back.''' ,'''It's always nice to feel the support of your manager, club, and team-mates.''' ,'''There is always pressure in all matches in the World Cup. This is when you must go beyond your capacity as a competitor.''' ,'''I try to control my box. I always think the goalkeeper has to be the chief of the box: it's his area, and he has to defend it.''' ,'''It's important to take every game seriously, whatever the competition is.''' ,'''The big thing is to win, but to look at the long-term, you need one way to play, and the philosophy is not only to put 11 players on the pitch and play football.''' ,'''Sometimes there are ups and downs to deal with.''' ,'''I have always liked to have face-to-face talks with my bosses.''' ,'''In football, you can win; you can lose. The most important thing is the feeling and the attitude that you show on the pitch.''' ,'''Obviously, football is about the details, and everything can happen.''' ,'''I played tennis when I was younger. I don't know if I could have been a professional, but I am still passionate about it.''' ,'''We know the transfer market is not an easy period for players, for their minds, for their preparations, too, for their bodies.''' ,'''It is important to believe in yourself, but it is important to have sense, too.''' ,'''Since my professional debut, I've always had a risky game.''' ,'''When you are a goalkeeper, you know the responsibility.''' ,'''I try to be committed, always. When I do something, I like to do it 100 per cent.''' ,'''The most important thing is to try to be focused on yourself, try to make yourself fit, and make sure your mind is ready, whatever will happen in your club or in your future club. That's part of our job.''' ,'''We're in a privileged position in sport and, above all, in football. We have a platform.''' ,'''It's difficult to get success in football - you have to be in the right team at the right moment.''' ,'''It's important to get to know people, to get an idea of the culture of a club, and to understand how it works.''' ,'''It's always better for the players being injured to come back to a winning team; it takes pressure off their shoulders.''' ,'''We know in football nothing is done and things can turn very easily if you don't respect basics.''' ,'''It's not easy for a foreigner to come to England and win the respect of your team-mates, of the fans, and of the English people.''' ,'''You can be rivals out on the pitch, but respect is the most important thing.''' ,'''Cavani has been a historical figure for PSG. He's scored so many goals. He's a winner; he's a leader. He's very much respected in France as a player but also as a man because of his values.''' ,'''As a professional and as a man, I am just focused on today and tomorrow.''' ,'''It's only human to have a few doubts whether to play or not.''' ,'''I'm really enjoying my time at Tottenham - it's a great feeling to be the captain too. I think I can be proud of that.''' ,'''It's true Tottenham is not a club who are used to winning a lot.''' ,'''Throughout the whole team, you have important players, but the main thing is the collective. It is the only way to get trophies.''' ,'''Tottenham is not a club that always wins, but we are trying to create something. It's not easy to fight against European monsters, but it is a motivation.''' ,'''There is always something to prove.''' ,'''When you have that privilege of being able to talk directly with your chairman, like I've had with Daniel Levy, that make things a lot easier. Afterwards, I know what we've said to each other, and we have a relationship built on trust.''' ,'''No one has told me how much I'm worth, and I'm not trying to find out.''' ,'''It's been five seasons now that I'm with Spurs, and I've got a little bit frustrated about Europe. We've got the talent to go further than we've done.''' ,'''There are a lot of people who help you during your career. When you win a World Cup, it's normal that you think about them, because they help you to reach this level.''' ,'''The most important is to keep faith, to keep belief and be ready to fight.''' ,'''The target is to be competitive, enjoy our football, make a great team performance, and to show the face of Tottenham.''' ,'''Football is about the team, and every player is ready to help the team.''' ,'''Football is fantastic because you can live great emotion through a big competition.''' ,]
+++