+++
author = "Casey Stoner"
title = "Casey Stoner Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Casey Stoner Quotes"
keywords = "casey stoner,casey stoner quotes,casey stoner quote,casey stoner sayings,casey stoner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can only do what I can do.''' ,'''The money doesn't interest me. I'm not enjoying MotoGP, and I'm retiring.''' ,'''I have been going from one racetrack to another for years, since I was 14.''' ,'''People are telling me I might be going back to MotoGP, but a rumour is a rumour.''' ,'''Even in motocross, you're struggling to see people pass each other anymore. There seems to be one line in motocross.''' ,'''Being married has helped my racing.''' ,'''There are a lot of good guys that I race against, and that's what I enjoy the most.''' ,'''Once I decided to retire from bikes, there was no thought to go racing again. I wanted to have a full year off and maybe even see the world a bit.''' ,'''I'm very thoughtful, and when I make a decision I usually stick to it.''' ,'''I'm good at separating my personal life from racing. When I'm at track, it's race time; when I'm away from it, other than the fact I'm training to be fit for it, there is nothing at home that makes me even want to think about racing. I just want to enjoy my life, and by the time the next race comes around, I'm ready and excited for it.''' ,'''People can be great competitors on Sunday and mates on Monday.''' ,'''I have been interested in V8s for a long time.''' ,'''I think there is no defending a title. You don't go into a season with a points advantage over anyone. So I don't think it's ever a title defence. I think you've got a different number on your bike, if you choose so, but everyone starts at zero again.''' ,'''I have broken my collarbone twice in a year.''' ,'''I'm not always going to keep waiting for a fairytale ending.''' ,'''I've always known there's more to life than just racing for a long time.''' ,'''In 2007, people tried to belittle me a little bit and sort of take the credit away from me and my team and what we achieved.''' ,'''I think I don't really have any expectations; I don't look at the season as a whole - I look at it race by race.''' ,'''I never really look too far ahead, to be honest.''' ,'''Everyone seems quite good at stories and making them up.''' ,'''I've said many times in the past that my career's not going to go on much longer; I'm not going to keep going and riding until I'm in my 30s and things like this.''' ,'''Even now with the operation, with the damage done, my ankle probably is never going to be back to 100 per cent.''' ,]
+++