+++
author = "Dana Delany"
title = "Dana Delany Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Dana Delany Quotes"
keywords = "dana delany,dana delany quotes,dana delany quote,dana delany sayings,dana delany saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've reached a place with my work where I'm ready to concentrate more on life.''' ,'''I have faith in my imperfections!''' ,'''I think I would make a good spy. I can sort of be a chameleon. People don't notice me very easily. I never get recognized.''' ,'''I like people who are still actively creating in their life, who aren't set, I don't feel like I'm set. And I don't have any baggage, for better or worse. I don't have any plants or pets or kids. I can lock the door and go. I need to be with somebody for whom that's okay.''' ,'''I love being on stage or in front of the camera. My work brings me a lot of joy. It helps me figure out who I am. I'm really lucky that I get to make a living at acting.''' ,'''Television is more of a business. You can't take as many risks, because there's so many channels now, and the advertising's dropping.''' ,'''In Europe the parents are included as with children. All three generations are together. I'm thinking of Italy. You go out on a Sunday afternoon and the whole family is there.''' ,'''If you put Willem Dafoe, Liam Neeson and James Woods in a room together, there wouldn't be room for anyone else.''' ,'''We all know that television is better for women as they get into their 40s. You could be more three-dimensional, not just the wife or the mother.''' ,'''I'm the worst rider. I'm a terrible rider. Me and horses are not a good mix. For some reason, people are always trying to get me on a horse in a movie.''' ,'''I've been dating younger men since my 20s, When I was 29, I dated someone 21... younger men are just more fun. I like their energy. I've always been kind of young for my age.''' ,]
+++