+++
author = "Leelee Sobieski"
title = "Leelee Sobieski Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Leelee Sobieski Quotes"
keywords = "leelee sobieski,leelee sobieski quotes,leelee sobieski quote,leelee sobieski sayings,leelee sobieski saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think people really don't like cops so much; they're kind of rude to them or treat them like they can't see them.''' ,'''I, like many people, am constantly on my phone.''' ,'''I've never scratched, or punched, or slapped anybody in my real life.''' ,'''I text my girlfriends. I look at Facebook. I check my e-mail. If I'm away from the news cycle more than a few hours, I feel out of touch.''' ,'''I did try to get a few of those teen high-school movies, but they just didn't like me. I guess I wasn't a certain type.''' ,'''I live in New York and it's the greatest city, but sometimes I want to move to the place with the porch and the lemonade and the farm.''' ,'''Honestly, ever since I've been married, the part of a job as an actress where you have to kiss other people, I find totally bizarre.''' ,'''When I had my daughter, Louisanna, two and a half years ago, I started recording every funny or sweet thing she said or did on my phone.''' ,'''I'm open to whatever is meant to be, it will be.''' ,'''I heard someone say the other day that they thought it was sexier to call someone their fiance instead of their husband or wife.''' ,'''If only I could find a guy who wasn't in his 70s to talk to me about white cranes, I'd be madly in love.''' ,'''I go short and sweet on the engagement. I did have a longish engagement, but I think short and sweet is best.''' ,'''I'm a hopeless romantic with a dirty mind.''' ,'''I was being honest - I have nothing to hide. All I do, all the time, with everybody, is tell them what I am thinking, what I am feeling.''' ,'''I guess because it feels more open, but I think being married is way sexier, because it's really like your soul partner in a permanent fashion, and then you strive for it to be something permanent, and that type of commitment and trust, if you can achieve it, is so good for the soul.''' ,'''I've never played anybody like a cop before.''' ,'''I always get scared of traffic cops when I'm driving, like I freak out even when I'm not doing anything wrong. I still think they're going to pull me over and arrest me.''' ,'''Now when I see something beautiful or funny or sweet, sometimes I reach for my camera, but other times I think, 'I need to let this moment exist. I don't have to capture everything. I just want to experience it.'''' ,'''Sometimes, taking a job is like going to a shrink or something, where you get to know yourself better.''' ,'''This girl at 17 really led an army, this girl at 19 really burned at the stake by her own choice. And you sit there and you want to figure out why did she make these choices? How did she live such a life?''' ,'''I think when you're doing a lead role, there is so much more pressure. If you fail, not only do you fail, but everybody else fails, too. As opposed to when it's a supporting role and it's only you that sucked.''' ,]
+++