+++
author = "Hari Nef"
title = "Hari Nef Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Hari Nef Quotes"
keywords = "hari nef,hari nef quotes,hari nef quote,hari nef sayings,hari nef saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you're going to make a film about rage in 2018, 2017... If you're going to make a film about revenge and anger, I feel like that has to be a film about women. I don't really want to watch a film about angry men. I've seen way too many of those.''' ,'''Ariel is the most boring Disney princess.''' ,'''Trans folks are going to rise up for their moments and their money!''' ,'''There are no trans roles, and if there are, they go to Jared Leto or Eddie Redmayne or Elle Fanning... Will there ever come a point where I could play a woman in a realistic, naturalistic drama and have there not be the word 'trans' in the script?''' ,'''Brands like RMS Beauty and Kat Burki are my skincare heroes.''' ,'''I've gone from the edgy girl to the girl you call for H&M and L'Oreal, which is something neither I nor the myriad agencies that rejected me when I tried to get signed could have predicted.''' ,'''I'm not so fascinated by these ingenue roles. I tend to gravitate towards women in plays or shows or films that are more chaotic or have something dire going on.''' ,'''Being a woman means that my male privilege seeped out of my body.''' ,'''I love 'Heathers.' I love 'Spring Breakers.'''' ,'''I can say with confidence that my trans/transfeminine identity emerges as the most heavily problematized aspect of my lived experience. My transness is not a problem on its own but problematized by a society that reviles it, hates it, fails to understand it - or does not wish to.''' ,'''I could have hidden in Boston and lived at home for three years, gone through my transition, taken voice lessons to make my voice more feminine, gotten gender reassignment surgery, and spent time to complete my transition, but I didn't want to wait. I wanted to be in the world.''' ,'''I think that you need to balance a critique of feminine, patriarchal beauty ideals while simultaneously understanding how they can make you safe, and they can make you feel safe, and they can open up certain doors for you that would have been closed.''' ,'''I majored in drama and theater arts at Columbia and was always in acting studio, but that was a liberal arts degree, not a bachelor of arts degree, so I didn't have a traditional conservatory training. There was a lot of reading and a lot of writing involved, and only about 30 percent of my classes were directly theater-related.''' ,'''I've certainly been in situations where I've been rejected and endangered and had my humanity put in question - just as almost every woman on the planet has.''' ,'''If we didn't desensitize ourselves in some way, every day would feel like its own tragedy.''' ,'''When I don't wear makeup, it's not because I'm lazy, but it's me making this radical bid for the feminization of my body and being confident in that.''' ,'''When you're making an independent film, there is no guarantee that anyone is going to see it, ever.''' ,'''Whatever surgery someone wants to get is none of your business.''' ,'''I identify with anyone who logged online in elementary school and never logged off.''' ,'''I don't feel comfortable with the idea that my only gateway into doing what I love to do is auditioning for other people to give me the green light and say that I'm allowed to do it, or that I'm allowed to play this role, or that I'm allowed to be in this movie. I would feel much more comfortable making those opportunities for myself.''' ,'''I want to start the trans mafia one day.''' ,'''If anyone says that American socialism isn't possible, point them toward the bowling shoe.''' ,'''I don't want the same trans story to be told over and over again. I don't want people to get stuck on this very western idea of what it means to be transgender.''' ,'''I see a Reiki healer from time to time. She sits on my bed, and I lie in her lap. She puts her hands on me for about 45 minutes, and she reads my energy. Whenever I'm having a hard time, I call her. I also go to weekly therapy, and that has been invaluable. Also, getting on medication for my 'neural atypicalities,' I guess we might call them.''' ,'''For me, Instagram had become a place where I could image myself the way I found myself.''' ,'''I feel like my transition, in a broader sense, began the second I left home and came to New York. Because all of a sudden, I opened myself up to options about how to be.''' ,'''When we say 'trans is beautiful' or 'being trans is the best,' that is a truth we created for ourselves that's clearly not true in every signal we get from the world around us.''' ,'''I'm really into the way sound works in film, and I did a little bit of sound design for theater in college.''' ,'''There's something very noble about the bowling shoe. It has very little pretense, and it's kind of naughty. You have to share them with a bunch of other people, which is so kinky in a way that I like. What other shoes would you actively share with other people?''' ,'''Fashion gave me the platform that has made this transition from fashion to Hollywood, from East Coast to West Coast. Fashion gave me the platform that has made this easier than it is for a lot of other people. And I will always count fashion as the industry that was first to welcome me and embrace what I could do.''' ,'''I live in a little studio apartment, so I try to keep the space super clean at all times.''' ,'''I want to play Lady Macbeth. I have a big chip on my shoulder about Lady Macbeth. People usually play her as this cold, Greek witch, but there's no evidence of that in the text! I think her intentions are pure.''' ,'''I admire actresses who are willing to jettison the easy route toward exposure and commercial success as an actor in favor or a slow burn, choosing projects carefully, and building an artistic practice over time that feels specific to who they are as artists.''' ,'''I was never good at being a boy, but I was always a good student.''' ,'''When it comes to modeling, I always feel like my body is a myth or a story that is told by other people, and no one knows what my body really looks like.''' ,'''Fashion gave me my start, and that will always be my home. I'll always be so grateful for all my collaborators and friends I've made there, but I'm so excited to dive head first into just being a working actor.''' ,'''I think it's an oversimplification of somebody's worth to 'cancel' them. We're so quick to cancel but also so quick to lift somebody up as 'the queen,' 'the mom,' 'the dad,' 'the god.'''' ,'''I would like to produce, and eventually, I would like to direct.''' ,'''What's infuriating is when cis people think celebrating me is celebrating transness.''' ,'''I prefer men who are queer. Not gay men, but queer men - guys with an open mind. Bisexual men, because they're able to understand the different elements of the body without judging that I don't conform to a certain ideal.''' ,'''I think people get stuck in a cycle with social media sometimes and don't know how to make adjustments that are personal.''' ,'''Being a woman is an option, being trans is an option, and they're options that appeal to me. We need to listen to people - not labels, not semantics.''' ,'''I'm very conscious and weary of the hype economy and the way people build things up just to tear them down.''' ,'''I had family who exposed me to all sorts of different media involving actors - films, theatrical productions touring through Boston. My grandparents, particularly my mother's parents, were huge fans of all the arts, and they took me to these shows and exhibits at a very young age, so I was just immersed in it.''' ,'''I got the Fire Stick as a gift at the Amazon Emmys after-party in 2015, and because I haven't lived in a house with cable television since I lived with my parents as a child, I've just streamed everything. I can afford cable. I have a television. But I only stream things.''' ,'''I get a facial maybe a couple of times a year.''' ,'''Dysphoria will always be a painful place.''' ,'''I'm a much better actor as a girl than I was as a guy.''' ,'''If I get too glam and polished and pretty, people are like, 'Hari, why aren't you speaking up about issues?' And if I start speaking up about issues, people are like, 'Why can't you just be an actress?'''' ,'''I was really into emo and scene culture in middle school.''' ,'''My identity will always inform my experience and shape my perception. But I am an unremarkable person.''' ,'''It's time for the aesthetics of upwardly mobile feminist respectability to make room for the aesthetics of survival, particularly trans survival.''' ,'''My desire to be an actor or a model precedes my identity.''' ,'''If you're anything other than a white, cisgender, able-bodied dude, people are going to project narratives, imagery, and context onto you that you might not necessarily see for yourself.''' ,'''Trans-dating is hardcore, and it's really scary. And that's coming from me, someone who couldn't be dating in a more open-minded Manhattan pool of artsy boys and creative folk. Not saying it all sucks. I'm just saying it's not easy.''' ,'''I want to see definitions of what's beautiful, compelling, palatable, marketable, sexy, and prestigious open up to a wider range of bodies, identities, and backgrounds.''' ,'''Fashion has always captivated me because, like I said, it has the potential to create narratives about what's beautiful, aspirational, chic, masculine, feminine, glamorous, etc. Generally, this power is dispatched in useless ways.''' ,'''I feel like so much of mainstream feminism springs from the second wave, which was essentially a discourse spearheaded by white, cisgender, upper middle class women. I feel - especially as I'm trying to negotiate this new female space with the feminism that's available to me - there are a lot of places where I'm disenfranchised.''' ,'''My experience with 'Transparent' has completely spoiled me because it was the safest, most transpositive set ever. I didn't have to worry about all the usual things - like when people have a vision of your transness that you're not comfortable with. When they don't know the correct gender pronouns by which to refer to you.''' ,'''People make fun of me because I've been known to eat lunch things for breakfast. I'll eat a good salad. I'll maybe have some tempeh or kale in there. I try to make breakfast a lavish meal because, one, my body tells me to, and, two, that's what carries me through the day.''' ,'''I keep a very cold apartment - I tend to crank my AC just about as low as it can go. I sleep with a big, warm comforter, even during the summer, and just burrow underneath it.''' ,'''If you don't know somebody, whether you're inquiring into their sex or their gender, it's invasive.''' ,'''A pink sneaker is like walking down the street at five miles per hour with a Starbucks in your hand. Nobody is getting in your way.''' ,'''Fragrance is important to me because of its emotional dimension. I feel like fragrances are able to transport, stir emotion, and bring up memories. You can wear makeup, you can dress yourself up, but fragrance gives a powerful aspect to how you can present yourself that you can't necessarily get any other way.''' ,'''I'm teaching myself how to screenplay write.''' ,'''I identify with Sad Girls.''' ,'''When I saw that Laverne Cox was on the cover of 'Time' magazine, I totally lost it. It was a coup for the girls!''' ,'''I always think I look dead, but I never actually do.''' ,'''I like to let my skin breathe, I don't like to stress it out. I don't like to put it through very much.''' ,'''I think that often my work is obscured by my gender identity.''' ,'''Whether you're a woman, a transwoman, a person of color, I feel like Instagram is really important for the creation and framing of the self.''' ,'''I don't want to say that women who do use makeup or get breast implants or have fake nails are insecure. They're entitled to that, and they should do that if that's what they want to do. But for me, there are no answers. It's just a matter of preference and choice and fetish.''' ,'''I travel a lot, so I don't have a morning routine because where I wake up tends to be inconsistent. But I'm always really, really hungry when I wake up, so breakfast is important.''' ,'''Sexuality is who you want to be with. Gender identity is who you want to be in the world.''' ,'''If my body can fall into the background for just a second, maybe people will start listening to what I have to say.''' ,'''Leaving the house in a pair of flip-flops in Manhattan is disgusting to me, no shade.''' ,'''Sometimes it feels like people can't wrap their head around the notion that an 'androgynous' trans woman with shorter hair could be beautiful.''' ,'''I think the skin is the most important part of a strong makeup look, and if you take care of that, the rest will follow.''' ,'''My first boyfriend was a fashion designer. He was a junior in high school, I was a freshman.''' ,'''If I ever called myself an activist, I regret it, and I was cornered into it by an industry who couldn't justify me taking up space without saying that I had some kind of radical political agenda because they saw my participation as a radical political thing. Which it was not.''' ,'''I'm a different girl almost every time I look in the mirror.''' ,'''I used to think I was a gay man with this idea of a muse in my head, like a woman that I thought was inspirational or aspirational. But the woman was actually me.''' ,'''I liked playing video games because I felt like I was inside of the story in a way that I didn't feel when I was just watching something. Any chance I could get to step into the shoes of another person, I would take. I couldn't get enough of stories.''' ,'''To see a trans body in this ideal space - on a cover, in an ad - these are spaces that have immense cultural power to dictate what is beautiful, what is glamorous, what is aspirational, what is sexy, what is clean. That can be very powerful and helpful in the de-stigmatization of trans bodies.''' ,'''I like shows for atmosphere. I don't know, I think a plot-driven show is so boring and masc4masc and gross.''' ,'''When people ask me what I do, I tell them that I 'do things in front of people.' I don't know why I do what I do. I've tried working behind the scenes. I felt left out!''' ,'''I was romantically socialized as a gay man, and now that I am, for most intents and purposes, a heterosexual woman, I have to learn how to talk to straight men, which is the scariest thing I've ever done.''' ,'''What we really need to look at is gender fluidity and the idea that gender can be customised however you want.''' ,'''I feel like the most fascinating parts of a trans life take place after the decision to transition. They take place when you're in this new body, in this new life, and you start realizing things.''' ,'''There have been moments where I've had to question the way I've used social media and change it. Not because anything was wrong or right but because my needs had changed, and my perspective had changed.''' ,'''When you're a teenager, everything is amplified because everything is a first. The first time you feel othered, the first time you feel rejected, the first time you fall in love... it's the first time, so it's so vivid, and everything feels like the whole world almost, because it is your whole world; your world is small when you're a teenager.''' ,'''I couldn't remember when I'd stopped willing to be trans and started wanting to be trans. If there were a difference, I'd forgotten it.''' ,'''I search my name on Tumblr more than I Google myself, and I Google myself every day.''' ,'''People feel emboldened to say things on the Internet they wouldn't in person.''' ,'''I'm grateful to be in school developing my practice as an actor. In that process, it's difficult to say that you've definitively 'learned' something.''' ,'''I think that it should be every woman's choice, depending on how she feels comfortable. I can't think of any objective reason why you should wear makeup unless it makes you feel good.''' ,'''Expectations are kind of lethal for art, I think.''' ,'''I'm fun, ruthless, articulate, impatient, maybe a little cavalier. I'm a woman and a feminist. I'm transgender. I'm an actress, a reluctant writer, occasionally a potato-shaped model.''' ,'''Visibility is not, in itself, always a good thing, but when it is in the hands of those who need positive visibility, it can be.''' ,'''In an ideal world, I wouldn't have to change my body. I wouldn't have to do all this stuff. I wouldn't have to be pretty or 'feminine,' and people would respect that.''' ,]
+++