+++
author = "Charles Eames"
title = "Charles Eames Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Charles Eames Quotes"
keywords = "charles eames,charles eames quotes,charles eames quote,charles eames sayings,charles eames saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It makes me feel guilty that anybody should have such a good time doing what they are supposed to do.''' ,'''The details are details. They make the product. The connections, the connections, the connections. It will in the end be these details that give the product its life.''' ,'''Eventually everything connects - people, ideas, objects. The quality of the connections is the key to quality per se.''' ,'''The real questions are: Does it solve a problem? Is it serviceable? How is it going to look in ten years?''' ,'''We work because it's a chain reaction, each subject leads to the next.''' ,'''Who ever said that pleasure wasn't functional?''' ,'''Choose your corner, pick away at it carefully, intensely and to the best of your ability and that way you might change the world.''' ,'''The details are not the details. They make the design.''' ,'''Art resides in the quality of doing, process is not magic.''' ,'''It is almost impossible to reconcile self expression with the creative act.''' ,'''Ideas are cheap. Always be passionate about ideas and communicating those ideas and discoveries to others in the things you make.''' ,'''Recognizing the need is the primary condition for design.''' ,'''To whom does design address itself: to the greatest number, to the specialist of an enlightened matter, to a privileged social class? Design addresses itself to the need.''' ,'''It is not easy to do something good, but it is extremely difficult to do something bad.''' ,'''Design is a plan for arranging elements in such a way as best to accomplish a particular purpose.''' ,'''In architecture the idea degenerated. Design allows a more direct and pleasurable route.''' ,]
+++