+++
author = "Carlos Beruff"
title = "Carlos Beruff Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 Carlos Beruff Quotes"
keywords = "carlos beruff,carlos beruff quotes,carlos beruff quote,carlos beruff sayings,carlos beruff saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Publix operates in every county in Florida, and you get a county or municipality saying we don't want you putting your groceries in plastic bags, well, that's a problem.''' ,'''Folks in Washington have it all figured out - they are going to make your choices and run your life.''' ,'''I've always been a believer that if you don't bet on yourself, how can you ask anyone else to.''' ,'''Democrats refuse to deal with reality. They make things up, sensationalize common sense solutions, and exacerbate this obsession over political correctness.''' ,'''We all owe America. It's not the other way around.''' ,'''Giving money doesn't make you an insider. If that's considered being an insider, I guess Donald Trump is an insider. That doesn't make sense.''' ,'''Sarasota-Bradenton is a unique community to live in.''' ,'''Free trade is an important component of our economy, but it also has to be fair. Too often, the needs of American workers are ignored while the interests of huge corporations are the focus of these trade deals.''' ,'''Politicians in Washington are useless.''' ,'''There is only one Donald Trump, as we know. But there are aspects of where he's coming from that I understand, which is business people that have built and actually created jobs in this country.''' ,'''Name recognition takes time.''' ,'''Career politicians like Marco Rubio worry more about keeping the job than doing the job and are constantly looking for their next political promotion.''' ,'''Some call me a Cuban hyphen American. I reject that. I don't believe in hyphenated Americans.''' ,'''The Republican establishment no longer stands for us.''' ,'''Rubio can't hold Trump's water.''' ,'''When my blood pressure goes up, my Spanish stuff kicks in.''' ,'''If I'm going to compare myself to a candidate, it's Rick Scott. It's not Donald Trump.''' ,'''Here's the American situation - we have moved from a culture of independence to a culture of dependence. We have moved from capitalism into the direction of socialism. We have moved from being a beacon of strength internationally to a position of weakness.''' ,'''Politicians can talk and talk and talk until they're silly, and they do nothing.''' ,'''I'm focused on bringing real change to Washington because the career politicians have screwed things up so badly.''' ,'''One of the reasons that our colleges have gotten so expensive is because of tenure.''' ,'''Of one thing I am certain: we are foolish if we think we will achieve change by sending the same crowd of people back to run our government again and again.''' ,'''Here's what I have to say: Obama is a disaster, and Washington politicians are worthless.''' ,'''Our country is miserably off track; this is something that all but the far left agree on. I personally came to the point where I felt a responsibility to try to do something about it, and I've been blessed enough in business to be able to take a shot at running for office.''' ,'''I am personally looking forward to advancing policies that will help make the future of our state even stronger than it already is.''' ,'''I just think people are fed up with people who are career politicians who don't stand for anything.''' ,'''I am not ashamed to support Donald Trump.''' ,'''I brought attention to the fact that people need to be more involved in politics and not just let the establishment continue to control politics.''' ,'''When Charlie Crist went independent, I no longer supported him. Just track the money.''' ,'''Our trade negotiations should ensure that American workers are protected and that there are mechanisms in place to deal with other countries cheating.''' ,'''I either go all in or all out.''' ,'''I do not take orders from Washington, and I suggest that no one else should either.''' ,'''I've never been against doing business with Cuba.''' ,'''Trust is a big deal in life, and I'm very old-school about that stuff.''' ,'''I cut to the point. I don't mealy-mouth around about it.''' ,'''I had a really nice car. You can drive 103 and it not be dangerous.''' ,'''Everything I've learned, I've learned with the beatings I've gotten from all of the bad choices I made.''' ,'''I believe that you should do what you know how to do best.''' ,'''If we don't send people to Washington who, first of all, have done something more than talk for a living - which is what many politicians have done - nothing gets done.''' ,'''I am a home builder. I have to be an optimist.''' ,'''We must fix our immigration system so we control who comes and goes, and that starts by securing our southern border.''' ,'''I am not a politician. I am just a business guy who has had enough.''' ,'''We must defend our NATO allies, but we should also ensure that everyone pays their fair share. The United States shouldn't be responsible for funding other countries' shares.''' ,'''I don't think it's safe to allow anybody from the Middle East into this country.''' ,'''Quitting is not part of my DNA.''' ,'''I have eight guns. I do have a concealed weapons permit.''' ,'''People should not be paid to go to Washington and not do their job. When they don't show up, why should we pay them?''' ,'''I care deeply about the direction of our country.''' ,'''I live in a bubble.''' ,'''I made the miscalculation of taking Mr. Rubio at his word that he wouldn't seek re-election if he lost the presidential primary.''' ,'''I made the decision I will back Mr. Trump, it's not very complicated. I don't pussyfoot around playing the odds.''' ,'''President Obama has proven himself to be a terrible negotiator. I don't support any trade deal negotiated by his administration.''' ,'''I love my heritage. I'm very proud of being Cuban. But I clearly understand that I am an American first.''' ,'''There is only one Donald Trump, but people make comparisons because I'm blunt.''' ,'''Growing up, we had to work. If you wanted anything at all that was more than basic food and shelter, you had to make your own money.''' ,'''I think Israel's security measures are pretty strong.''' ,'''I almost went broke. I didn't file bankruptcy, but I had some miserable times there for two or three years.''' ,'''A country without borders is not a country.''' ,'''Like Marco Rubio in 2010, I'm not going to back down from the Washington establishment. They are the problem, not the solution.''' ,'''I don't want to be another country. I want to be the United States of America, the greatest country in the world.''' ,]
+++