+++
author = "Jiah Khan"
title = "Jiah Khan Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Jiah Khan Quotes"
keywords = "jiah khan,jiah khan quotes,jiah khan quote,jiah khan sayings,jiah khan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There is a time and place for being in the limelight. As far as being away from the spotlight, well, a certain air of exclusivity is always good.''' ,'''I'm an all or nothing kind of girl. When I give my heart, I give myself totally.''' ,'''Sexy is attitude, but fitness for me is my dance. I dance two hours nearly every day. You break into good sweat, and it doesn't even feel like exercise. Apart from that, I enjoy Pilates.''' ,'''Style to me is a mix between rock star chic-quirky-sexy and expressive. I always dress for my body type, as it's important to highlight your pluses! I like edgy clothes that have character. I usually dress by the mood I'm in - so if I'm in my ripped jeans and leather jacket, you know I'm feeling rebellious!''' ,'''My experiences and training back at drama school were very enlightening. I always believe in improving, be it kathak or my acting skills, and would want to experiment more when it comes to work.''' ,'''I don't want to play second leads or third leads in a film. I started working at 17. I still have a long way to go.''' ,'''I would enjoy venturing into music, as I do write songs and compose music! And, of course, dance, rhythm and performance are in my blood, so eventually I see myself doing something in that area, surely!''' ,'''I am deeply romantic and a genuine yet complex person.''' ,'''I love India. I love the people, food and the environment. Yes, I am from London, but right from when I was a toddler, I've always lived between Mumbai and London.''' ,'''I love working in cinema - it can be in any language!''' ,]
+++