+++
author = "Lauren Hutton"
title = "Lauren Hutton Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Lauren Hutton Quotes"
keywords = "lauren hutton,lauren hutton quotes,lauren hutton quote,lauren hutton sayings,lauren hutton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'd like to be the first model who becomes a woman.''' ,'''I was making $50 a week as a house model at Christian Dior for nine months before I learned that photographic models made $50 an hour!''' ,'''I became a specialist at comedic one-liners.''' ,'''I had always broken the rules.''' ,'''A lot of modeling is how much crap you can take.''' ,'''When I went back to modeling, nobody knew how to deal with a 46-year-old model!''' ,'''There are plenty of beautiful girls who don't photograph well.''' ,'''I look at my first appointment book from 1965 and I get dizzy. I was constantly in a phone booth calling photographers.''' ,'''I don't spend much money on clothes; I never did.''' ,'''The last thing we need is yet another makeup company. Even I have a nervous breakdown when I go through the department store makeup floor.''' ,'''Eileen Ford wanted me to fix my nose and my teeth. I said, Sure, great, but I really had no intention to.''' ,'''I'm not part of the cultural elite. I'm a down-home girl. Always have been, always will be.''' ,'''I had 30-something years' experience in modeling, which is rare.''' ,'''Lord knows, I never want to waste any more of my time in mirrors.''' ,'''We need a new religion.''' ,'''That's the mistake women make - you shouldn't see your makeup. We don't want to look like we've made an effort.''' ,'''We have to be able to grow up. Our wrinkles are our medals of the passage of life. They are what we have been through and who we want to be.''' ,'''I discovered myself!''' ,'''Avedon wouldn't let me put wax between my teeth like I usually did.''' ,'''No one's raising children any more. To love a child, you've got to work for it. You have to change its diapers and feed it at night!''' ,'''In 1974, the modeling world changed. Jerry Ford and my lawyer negotiated the deal for the first exclusive contract in modeling history.''' ,'''Whatever tension is on set can end up on your face.''' ,]
+++