+++
author = "Anna Friel"
title = "Anna Friel Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Anna Friel Quotes"
keywords = "anna friel,anna friel quotes,anna friel quote,anna friel sayings,anna friel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People became more interested in my love life than in me, and that has a certain effect. You start to feel very empty and worth nothing, you start to become a piece in a board game you never wanted to play.''' ,'''I've never been onstage in my life.''' ,'''For me personally, everything is on a kiss.''' ,'''Being a mother gives you an incredible feeling of empowerment, you think if I can go through such pain and that level of sleep and still operate and not be grumpy you can do anything. It can be quite scary, you can't function your brain, forget your vocabulary.''' ,'''As long as she is talented enough and passionate about doing it herself then I will be happy and support her. I think I will be sensible - my parents said I could only do it if I got my education and so I had something to fall back on.''' ,'''For Closer, we've had five weeks. You go into every single word because it's very, very concentrated dialogue.''' ,'''The doctors say it dates back to a film where I had these huge prosthetic breasts because my character was breast-feeding. The weight of them, and of the baby, did my back in.''' ,'''I play a character every day of my life, and I don't want to play a character as myself. They can judge me as an actress, not as a person. I'm not a spokeswoman for Anna.''' ,'''I want more children but for the next three years I want to act.''' ,'''Now learning a bit more about footballers I think what they need to do well, is someone who really wants to stay in the background and just be a strong support.''' ,'''We will spend more time in America, we're going to get a place in LA as hotels aren't great for the baby.''' ,'''I have the most lovely, healthy bouncing baby, she was all very compact and the right size.''' ,'''You can see when an actor gets bored: Their eyes go dead. I promised myself I'd never let that happen. If it does, I'll go and live on a desert island for a year.''' ,'''It's really important to draw the line on what we do as actors.''' ,'''I've always chosen incredibly different roles and things that are quite offbeat. That way you're not limited.''' ,'''Onstage, there's no hiding; you either can or can't act. There's no second take.''' ,'''Well it's hard to bracket it like that because everyone always thinks you either go to America and you come back, fail or succeed, but it doesn't work like that.''' ,'''I've been onstage once for one performance with four days' rehearsal.''' ,'''And the most important thing - apart from telling a good, believable story, and being a true character - is to be someone the audience will care about, even if you're playing a murderer or rapist.''' ,'''I look at being an actress as being like a mummy: You're bandaged up and preserved as soon as you start making other people money.''' ,'''David is 13 years my senior and has much more experience.''' ,]
+++