+++
author = "Michael De Luca"
title = "Michael De Luca Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Michael De Luca Quotes"
keywords = "michael de luca,michael de luca quotes,michael de luca quote,michael de luca sayings,michael de luca saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was a huge 'Sopranos' fan, obviously.''' ,'''I don't sweat the Internet. You know, it's still something I enjoy as a movie geek myself to get on and, like, look at all the websites; however, when it comes to marketing a movie, the Internet is still not the thing that gets people to the theatre.''' ,'''I was a bookish kid, not really athletic.''' ,'''I've never thought intelligence was age-related.''' ,'''I saw all those great '70s films when I was 9, and no one in my Brooklyn neighborhood cared if a kid watched an R movie.''' ,'''Studios are an assembly line. They can be a very good assembly line. As a producer, you concentrate on one project at a time. As an executive, you're in charge of a slate.''' ,'''My mom was very affectionate but also very loud. My whole house was very loud. My father screamed, my mother screamed - everybody screamed.''' ,'''Any time you can be with like-minded people, laughing or crying over the same joke or the same scene... For me, it's therapeutic. You just feel a little less alone on the planet.''' ,''''Chronicle' could have been a video-game movie. The original 'RoboCop' and the remake could have come from video games.''' ,'''I learned in a very public setting what works and doesn't work for a healthy lifestyle.''' ,'''I love being on set.''' ,'''Because of my New Line upbringing, half my heart goes to scrappy independents, and half goes to mainstream, down-the-middle pop culture events. And even with those, to try to keep something fresh and original with them and try to do things that the majors miss.''' ,'''I remember going to see those Adrian Lyne films when I was going to see movies in the nineties, and I was jealous he wasn't working at New Line.''' ,'''The movies were so healing for me because I had such an isolated, lonely childhood. Going to the movies and having the lights go down, you disappear. If you have esteem issues, suddenly you're in a void where nobody can see you. You are just by yourself in that darkness, and your loneliness is cured.''' ,''''Social Network' is a good story with human experience connective tissue that makes it ageless.''' ,'''Nothing is more exciting than being around new talent when it emerges.''' ,]
+++