+++
author = "Kevin Garnett"
title = "Kevin Garnett Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Kevin Garnett Quotes"
keywords = "kevin garnett,kevin garnett quotes,kevin garnett quote,kevin garnett sayings,kevin garnett saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Coaching takes patience. I'm more enthused when teaching players who want it versus when I have to.''' ,'''It's scary when one day the city is there and the next day it's gone. To see the water actual kill people, I couldn't believe it. I never fathomed it could bury a city.''' ,'''We have to do the impossible, but it is possible.''' ,'''I'm from the bottom, I understand what it's like to have and to not have. My perception on giving is to put yourself in those people's shoes and go from there. So that's what I did.''' ,'''I'm not the type of person to give up just because something gets rough. That's a coward. That's not me.''' ,'''Sometimes when I hear commentating, it's sickening. People who never played the game, people who never played in the league have an opinion, and that's all it is. You are here to educate the watcher or the viewer. Sometimes it comes off as personal.''' ,'''Too much coffee. Too much coffee and Gatorade. It's a hell of a mix. If you're ever tired in the morning, just try that mix, and tell me what you think.''' ,'''Going from Flip to Kev, obviously you don't want to see someone ever lose their job. For me it's probably a little more difficult, because other than Bill Blair, Flip is all I knew.''' ,'''The last couple of practices, all we've been doing is a lot of defensive things. We've been going over some drills that make all of us have to communicate.''' ,'''The beautiful thing about when you go through a slide is that you learn from it. Not just saying that you learn from it, but applying the things that you have learned.''' ,'''There are a lot of things that frustrate me. I get frustrated when I have to wait at a red light.''' ,'''I'm very simple. I'm not for the flashes, I'm not for glitz and glamour, you know.''' ,'''I have a problem sometimes with being too hyper.''' ,'''I've never been an individual guy. I never cared about the accolades. I've always been driven by the competition and the learning process.''' ,'''I'm not someone who is going to give in to a lot of pressure. I've always understood that everything is not always going to be good.''' ,'''I'm not for the flashes; I'm not for glitz and glamour, you know. I just want to win, I want to be good at what I do, um, and look back upon these days of playing in the NBA.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you're responsible for yourself and your actions and that's all you can control. So rather than be frustrated with what you can't control, try to fix the things you can.''' ,'''Playing video games is something I enjoy in my spare time. I'm a gamer, always have been.''' ,'''I learned one thing - never hate a positive option.''' ,'''So we take a lot of pride in that. It's really on us to turn this thing around. I think this last month we've done just that. We've pointed ourself in the direction that we want to be, and I think we're starting to head towards that. Right now we're in a nice rhythm.''' ,'''Kev has these old Boston drills, where you all have to talk to each other, and interact, and it's helped us.''' ,'''I don't think anything less than perfect, even though I'm a human being. The way I work and go at things is to better myself in perfect terms.''' ,'''We know that in order for us to turn this around, it doesn't matter how many coaches they bring in here, assistants, weight trainers, whoever, we're the ones that are going to have turn it around. And I think just took that responsibility on ourselves.''' ,'''Performance is something we all strive to be better at. I'm no different than that. Who wants to look bad?''' ,'''Some of my friends snowmobile. I'm a little scared of it.''' ,''''Modern Warfare,' 'Black Ops,' these are all the next level of video games. The people are more detailed, the fighting is more exact, and I can't speak for every gamer out there, but I know when I play, I feel like I'm actually in the game. It's that intense.''' ,'''I can't control if people like me; I can't control if people like my game.''' ,'''Sometimes when I hear commentating, it's sickening. People who never played the game, people who never played in the league have an opinion, and that's all it is. You are here to educate the watcher or the viewer. Sometimes it comes off as personal. I don't ever want to come off like that. My opinion is my opinion about someone.''' ,'''So you're dealing with a coach, and you're dealing with a guy who's actually experienced NBA basketball from a player's perspective and actually goes about it that way.''' ,'''I don't play to sweat, I play to win.''' ,'''I would love to see Flip get back into the league. I think he can definitely still coach in this league. I think he will be in this league quicker than sooner.''' ,]
+++