+++
author = "Edward Abbey"
title = "Edward Abbey Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Edward Abbey Quotes"
keywords = "edward abbey,edward abbey quotes,edward abbey quote,edward abbey sayings,edward abbey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Grown men do not need leaders.''' ,'''The tragedy of modern war is that the young men die fighting each other - instead of their real enemies back home in the capitals.''' ,'''Growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell.''' ,'''For myself I hold no preferences among flowers, so long as they are wild, free, spontaneous. Bricks to all greenhouses! Black thumb and cutworm to the potted plant!''' ,'''Our culture runs on coffee and gasoline, the first often tasting like the second.''' ,'''Civilization is a youth with a molotov cocktail in his hand. Culture is the Soviet tank or L.A. cop that guns him down.''' ,'''The idea of wilderness needs no defense, it only needs defenders.''' ,'''Say what you like about my bloody murderous government,' I says, 'but don't insult me poor bleedin' country.''' ,'''The missionaries go forth to Christianize the savages - as if the savages weren't dangerous enough already.''' ,'''A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government.''' ,'''You can't study the darkness by flooding it with light.''' ,'''What is the purpose of the giant sequoia tree? The purpose of the giant sequoia tree is to provide shade for the tiny titmouse.''' ,'''Love implies anger. The man who is angered by nothing cares about nothing.''' ,'''Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination.''' ,'''Taxation: how the sheep are shorn.''' ,'''A drink a day keeps the shrink away.''' ,'''Society is like a stew. If you don't stir it up every once in a while then a layer of scum floats to the top.''' ,'''Power is always dangerous. Power attracts the worst and corrupts the best.''' ,'''That which today calls itself science gives us more and more information, and indigestible glut of information, and less and less understanding.''' ,'''If the end does not justify the means - what can?''' ,'''Climbing K2 or floating the Grand Canyon in an inner tube; there are some things one would rather have done than do.''' ,'''There is science, logic, reason; there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California.''' ,'''May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. May your mountains rise into and above the clouds.''' ,'''Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit.''' ,'''Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.''' ,'''When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem.''' ,'''One man alone can be pretty dumb sometimes, but for real bona fide stupidity, there ain't nothin' can beat teamwork.''' ,'''Our 'neoconservatives' are neither new nor conservative, but old as Bablyon and evil as Hell.''' ,]
+++