+++
author = "Chris Burke"
title = "Chris Burke Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Chris Burke Quotes"
keywords = "chris burke,chris burke quotes,chris burke quote,chris burke sayings,chris burke saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Back in the early '40s, they used to call Down syndrome infants and babies 'mongoloids.' It's very hard for parents.''' ,'''I could make a difference.''' ,'''Back in those days, a parent looked at the disability and didn't see the ability. 'Life Goes On' showed that people with a disability can be included. Just give them a chance and let them learn. That's what the show was trying to teach.''' ,'''Don't give up on the child. Give the child an education. Give them daily love.''' ,'''It's real great to be known on TV. I had the opportunity to do something that I always wanted to do, and now I have done it.''' ,'''I was like Gene Kelly, it was called singing in the rain. No seriously, I wasn't really born with a singing voice, but my friends Joe and John taught me how to sing.''' ,'''To have my fan club. I am very proud of doing everything. I try to support my parents, friends and fans. I am also proud of my performing in the visual arts, and motion television.''' ,'''I don't really have Down's syndrome; I just have a slight case of it.''' ,'''I don't complain, say, 'I can't do this, I can't do that.' You don't do that with a big professional director. If you do that, you won't be able to do TV.''' ,'''Larry Drake - I love his work... He plays a very disabled character like the role I'm playing.''' ,'''Being a son, brother, uncle and brother-in-law is all I care about.''' ,'''People still recognize me on the street. 'Are you really Corky?'''' ,'''I want to be a professional. I want to be like my TV father, Bill Smitrovich. He's an easy, calm actor. I don't want to freak out.''' ,'''Corky is an ordinary person who does extraordinary things. He is a true inspiration, but he doesn't know that he's an inspiration.''' ,'''Having Down syndrome is like being born normal. I am just like you and you are just like me. We are all born in different ways, that is the way I can describe it. I have a normal life.''' ,'''I have a motto on my bedroom wall: 'Obstacles are what you see when you take your eye off the goal.' Giving up is not my style. I just want to do something that's worthwhile.''' ,'''I'm just like James Stewart, because I never studied to be an actor.''' ,'''I don't like to be different; I would like to be the same.''' ,'''I just want to be like other people that are normal.''' ,'''I want to do theater and I am looking forward to doing more Television and Movies. I also want to direct some plays in theater workshops for people with disabilities.''' ,'''Down syndrome kids can learn. Like Corky. That's the way I feel about it... For those kids who have Down syndrome, to give them a chance.''' ,'''I want to be a professional.''' ,'''I'd like to be the role model to teach other people who have Down's syndrome to be actors and actresses and to be themselves and not try to be a big shot.''' ,'''It's not our disabilities, it's our abilities that count.''' ,'''I would love to do different things, like behind-the-scenes work - just like Ron Howard!''' ,'''Corky is the one who never gives up. I never gave up. He faces obstacles, and he couldn't always reach his goals. But he tries to reach his dreams.''' ,]
+++