+++
author = "Lou Reed"
title = "Lou Reed Quotes"
quotes_len = "70"
description = "the best 70 Lou Reed Quotes"
keywords = "lou reed,lou reed quotes,lou reed quote,lou reed sayings,lou reed saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The music is all. People should die for it. People are dying for everything else, so why not the music?''' ,'''Music was what bothered me, what interested me.''' ,'''I'm in this business for too long to be halfhearted about anything.''' ,'''One of my rules is: Never listen to your old stuff.''' ,'''I can concentrate on my art.''' ,'''I'll tell ya, I'm a genuinely nice guy. I really am. A real nice guy. But I think I'm temperamental.''' ,'''That's why I survived because I still believe I've got something to say.''' ,'''I'm not joking around when I've said occasionally, trying to learn how to play a D chord properly has been a very big thing for me.''' ,'''I can't do anything I want to. I mean, I can't have my own TV show. I can't have my own movie. But within my little world, nobody tells me what to put on the albums.''' ,'''I wanted to be an actor. That was my real goal. But I wasn't any good at it, so I wrote my own material and acted through that. That's my idea of fun. I get to be all these things in the songs.''' ,'''The first generation of CDs sounded terrible. Any chance to remaster would make the music sound better than what was already out there.''' ,'''When I was in college, I had a jazz radio show. I called it 'Excursion on a Wobbly Rail,' after a Cecil Taylor song. I used to run around the Village following Ornette Coleman wherever he played.''' ,'''I wouldn't want to hear Beethoven without beautiful bass, the cellos, the tuba. It's very important. Hip-hop has thunderous bass. And so does Beethoven. If you don't have the bass, it's like being amputated. It's like you have no legs.''' ,'''Life is like Sanskrit read to a pony.''' ,'''I have no control over the audience. I have no idea what they think. My heart's pure. I can't do anything. I really can't do anything. I don't know what goes on in the crowd.''' ,'''You can't beat two guitars, bass, and drums.''' ,'''I don't know anyone actually who does care what a critic says.''' ,'''When I record an album I'm trying to get as close as possible to that perfect moment.''' ,'''I always believed that I have something important to say and I said it.''' ,'''I don't think I'm in any position to call myself a martial artist. I'm a student of the martial arts.''' ,'''There's only X amount of time. You can do whatever you want with that time. It's your time.''' ,'''I'm writing about real things. Real people. Real characters. You have to believe what I write about is true or you wouldn't pay any attention at all. Sometimes it's me, or a composite of me and other people. Sometimes it's not me at all.''' ,'''I cleaned up my act because otherwise I would have kicked the bucket.''' ,'''But I'm also talented and I know when I created something great and Perfect Night is something great, no doubt, no but.''' ,'''I don't like nostalgia unless it's mine.''' ,'''I think that everything happens for a reason, everything happens when it's going to happen.''' ,'''I always thought martial arts was the most modern choreography we could have right now, and I always wanted to put it to music.''' ,'''I don't know what goes on in the crowd. I've had them show up and throw beer cans at me. I caused riots in most of the major cities.''' ,'''Music should come crashing out of your speakers and grab you, and the lyrics should challenge whatever preconceived notions that listener has.''' ,'''Sound is more than just noise. Ordered sound is music. My life is music.''' ,'''I think it's pretentious to create art just for the sake of stroking the artists ego.''' ,'''I can create a vibe without saying anything, just by being in the room.''' ,'''For a while, I felt a little self-impelled to write Lou Reed Kind of songs. I should have understood that a Lou Reed song was anything I wanted to write about.''' ,'''In the late '70s I started to search for the perfect sound - whatever that might be, before that I was mainly interested in drugs, insanity and the rock'n'roll lifestyle.''' ,'''The most important part of my religion is to play guitar.''' ,'''I don't mind a repetitive chorus; I mind repetitive verse. I mean, it's the same amount of space. Why would you have only three diamonds if you can have six?''' ,'''How can anybody learn anything from an artwork when the piece of art only reflects the vanity of the artist and not reality?''' ,'''I've never been super confident about anything. The work is never as good as it could be.''' ,'''I love Ornette Coleman. I love Don Cherry. I love the way those guys play.''' ,'''People think that I work out but it's all t'ai chi.''' ,'''My God is rock'n'roll.''' ,'''It's depressing when you're still around and your albums are out of print.''' ,'''Take a walk on the wild side.''' ,'''I'm an artist and that means I can be as egotistical as I want to be.''' ,'''I don't believe in dressing up reality. I don't believe in using makeup to make things look smoother.''' ,'''Some even claim that I'm a terror, a dictator and they're right.''' ,'''I've become completely well adjusted to being a cult figure.''' ,'''I think life is far too short to concentrate on your past. I rather look into the future.''' ,'''I tried to give up drugs by drinking.''' ,'''I'm a humanist.''' ,'''You can't ask me to explain the lyrics because I won't do it.''' ,'''I'm too old to do things by half.''' ,'''Me, I've concentrated on music pretty much to the exclusion of other things.''' ,'''I don't really think about what the subject of my next album will be. I just know that I'm going to make another album.''' ,'''You can't beat 2 guitars, bass, and drums.''' ,'''Perfect Night is minimalistic and that's what makes it so forceful.''' ,'''These are really terribly rough times, and we really should try to be as nice to each other as possible.''' ,'''I don't like overdubs, never liked them.''' ,'''Raymond Chandler managed to write about L.A. his whole career. Should I keep going writing about New York? Is that what I should be doing? Songwriting doesn't work that way.''' ,'''There's a bit of magic in everything, and some loss to even things out.''' ,'''If it has more than three chords, it's jazz.''' ,'''One chord is fine. Two chords are pushing it. Three chords and you're into jazz.''' ,'''I don't like the word rock opera, but I'm trying to write on that level that's reserved for plays still, or novels.''' ,'''You're a musician: You play. That's what you do.''' ,'''Perfect Night has that magic and it has the raw energy that grabs you by the throat.''' ,'''I don't think anybody is anybody else's moral compass. Maybe listening to my music is not the best idea if you live a very constricted life. Or maybe it is.''' ,'''Meditation doesn't have to be complicated. What I do is about as simple as you can get. You could just count the beads, one, two, three, with your eyes closed or open, whatever makes you happy.''' ,'''I am very emotionally affected by sound. Sounds are the inexplicable... There is a sound you hear in your head, it's your nerves, or your blood running.''' ,'''The music business doesn't interest me anymore.''' ,'''I was a product of Andy Warhol's Factory. All I did was sit there and observe these incredibly talented and creative people who were continually making art, and it was impossible not to be affected by that.''' ,]
+++