+++
author = "Mayte Garcia"
title = "Mayte Garcia Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Mayte Garcia Quotes"
keywords = "mayte garcia,mayte garcia quotes,mayte garcia quote,mayte garcia sayings,mayte garcia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Any kind of loss helps when you talk about it.''' ,'''For years, my marriage to Prince was mine. The idea of exposing myself to the world... was terrifying.''' ,'''Prince was my first crush, and my first love, but we didn't start to get serious until I turned 18. He was very respectful.''' ,'''To lose two babies is really scary. It really caught on me emotionally, physically, everything. It took me at least 15 years to get over it and still, to this day, I miss my son.''' ,'''People say that forgiving is my flaw, but I really believe that holding grudges and anger is a waste of energy.''' ,'''I just don't like to have bad energy with people.''' ,'''Like most women, I always dreamed of becoming a mother.''' ,'''I wasn't a crazy kid. I never went out, never went to football games. I was a trained ballerina.''' ,'''When you're family, you don't go and say bad stuff.''' ,'''I believe a child dying between a couple either makes you stronger, or it doesn't.''' ,'''For many years, people have encouraged me to share my story. Prince was loved the world over, but few knew him intimately. And ours was a rare, almost otherworldly connection.''' ,'''Prince was outside his dressing room, shaking one of those little Easter egg maracas. His hair was straightened to a soft wave; his eyelashes were unfairly lovely. He smelled like the most expensive shelf in the Sephora perfume aisle. This man wearing eyeliner, heels and ladies' perfume somehow managed to be more masculine than the burly bodyguard.''' ,'''I've been making notes of my life, but when it finally came time to write it, it took me back, and I cried many tears. But I also think that it's liberating.''' ,'''When I got married, the idea of starting my own family was at the top of my list.''' ,'''I basically gave up my dream of becoming a mom.''' ,'''Sleep is over-rated. When you're creating, travelling, and having the best time of your life the last thing on your mind is sleep.''' ,'''I have faith that I'll find love again, and if I don't, I'm okay with that.''' ,'''When I got divorced, it was another culture shock. It was going from this world I had been into since the age of 16 to literally standing on the streets of New York in kind of shock.''' ,'''For me, Minneapolis will always have a special place in my heart.''' ,'''If you have a guy over, and there's a whole bunch of china from your wedding, it's not a good idea.''' ,'''Prince didn't want to celebrate birthdays but to live life, to elevate and educate to the next level of enlightenment.''' ,'''I think I'm now screwed for life because my first relationship was the most bizarre relationship ever, and I'm not normal any more. I've kind of been spoiled, and I guess I am kind of screwed up now.''' ,'''Patience pays off.''' ,'''I'd always been a very focused dancer and very protected.''' ,'''As you all know, Prince is no longer with us. It is extremely difficult for me, and that is why I have chosen not to discuss it.''' ,'''My past was so amazing. It's that fine line of appreciating it and letting it go. I have my animal rescue, and I have my daughter and my family that helped me move forward.''' ,'''Prince never, ever mentioned it except to say he wished he was taller so he could play basketball. He was actually a really great basketball player.''' ,'''I never called him Prince because I wanted him to be a person to me, not the man behind 'Purple Rain'. Plus, technically, I was married to the Symbol... When we got married, it was much easier. If someone else was there, I could say, 'Could I speak to my husband, please?'''' ,'''Find something you're passionate about, and focus on it.''' ,'''People would tell me, especially after my marriage to Prince, 'You need to write a book because you've had a crazy life.'''' ,]
+++