+++
author = "Zoe Saldana"
title = "Zoe Saldana Quotes"
quotes_len = "54"
description = "the best 54 Zoe Saldana Quotes"
keywords = "zoe saldana,zoe saldana quotes,zoe saldana quote,zoe saldana sayings,zoe saldana saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Happiness is nothing but temporary moments here and there - and I love those. But I would be bored out of my mind if I were happy all the time.''' ,'''There's nobody on this earth who can tell you that what you're feeling is wrong. They can tell you it's different to what they're feeling.''' ,'''There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin. But God as my witness, I am going to try to do everything I can to keep this ass together for as long as I possibly can - without going against nature.''' ,'''I just want to be part of great stories that are told and for them to be relevant.''' ,'''Physical roles give me a chance to learn something new.''' ,'''I want to be in the small percentage of women who don't settle for conventional roles.''' ,'''When I act, a part of me goes into the character I am playing.''' ,'''I know the responsibility that entails from telling a story. The one thing I despise the most is when I go to a movie and I see a whole bunch of lazy actors making me waste my time and money.''' ,'''Every time an adult is going to write something for a teenager and you don't have, physically, a person who is that, you are always going to be a little off.''' ,'''I am fluent in Spanish and I understand French, Italian and Portuguese.''' ,'''Glamour is about feeling good in your own skin.''' ,'''Music is a very big participant in everything I do, from the moment I wake up to the moment I go to bed.''' ,'''I think as an American society, when we're paying too many taxes or dealing with war, we don't want to see sad things at the movies.''' ,'''I'm learning the power of going away for the weekend and keeping myself company.''' ,'''I get along very well with animals and children. I dig them, I get them.''' ,'''Growing up, my dolls were doctors and on secret missions. I had Barbie Goes Rambo.''' ,'''I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin.''' ,'''The biggest battle that I have is being a woman in the world. That takes center stage for me.''' ,'''I had to quit ballet because it felt like a part of me was dying inside.''' ,'''Our brains are very animal but also very strange and egotistical. We're narcissistic.''' ,'''I don't believe actors who say they don't bleed into their characters. It's absolutely impossible not to.''' ,'''I love wearing men's clothing and underwear.''' ,'''I want to love life.''' ,'''Basically, there's not enough sex in movies, that's it. I'm trying to say it, people. I miss sex in movies because sex is natural, guns are not.''' ,'''Dancing for the length of time that I did, it centered me in such a way to be really in tune with my body, and I just feel like I'm physically able to do things because of my ballet background. Without ballet, I don't think I'd look graceful at all on screen.''' ,'''It takes a lot of courage to face up to things you can't do because we feed ourselves so much denial.''' ,'''To be seen and to be respected for my work and acknowledged as a true American Latina... means a lot to me.''' ,'''I just want to be a part of great stories, whether I'm part of an amazing ensemble cast or I'm leading it or the antagonist or whatever.''' ,'''I don't like things like little sandals that look fragile. I like to look strong and commanding.''' ,'''I love the anxiety, the pressure of the loud room full of yapping kids. But I'm a kid myself.''' ,'''I am hoping for a long career.''' ,'''I'm a sci-fi girl. If I can have anything in life, I'd want tons of great science-fiction movies and stories. It's so progressive, beautiful, and imaginative.''' ,'''I'm a very feminine person, but I have this hard shell, man, and I stay focused and don't take things personally.''' ,'''I love aging. Why would I want to be 21 for the rest of my life?''' ,'''I want to be the best daughter, sister, friend and wife I can possibly be - because when I die, I am not going to be buried with my Oscar.''' ,'''Our censorship has sort of gotten a little too far. Too much censorship is just as bad as having none at all. Children need to be exposed to things, because if they don't see it, eventually, it's not like it's not going to happen, but it's just that there needs to be a balance.''' ,'''What doesn't feel okay to me, what feels a little bit out of balance, is when you want to turn yourself into something else - when you want to be another person.''' ,'''Every character has their reasons - even the characters who do dumb things.''' ,'''I'm so intrigued by women throughout history where the significance of what they were representing at that time is obscured by the fact a man saved them or they were prostitutes.''' ,'''Call me crazy - I love elk meat!''' ,'''There are a lot of magazines that are still sort of... that only cater to a certain demographic and only put certain people on their covers.''' ,'''In dance you use every party of your body except your voice. I wanted to start acting because I wanted to use my voice.''' ,'''I have a hyper personality.''' ,'''A child speaks more sense than an adult half of the time.''' ,'''I don't understand labels. I don't need anybody to tell me I'm Latina or black or anything else. I've played characters that were written for Caucasian females, I just want to be given the same consideration as everybody else, and so far that has been happening.''' ,'''I never like to get political, but when you have the ability, through your media, to influence a large mass of people, I would want to be a part of the evolving cycle of progress vs. keeping things the way that they are.''' ,'''I like to look strong and commanding.''' ,'''People think of Latina women as being fiery and fierce, which is usually true. But I think the quality that so many Latinas possess is strength. I'm very proud to have Latin blood.''' ,'''I'm Latin - we start young, honey!''' ,'''I'm more of a guy's girl. I like having a beer in a bar, and I don't bicker or sit down and do my nails.''' ,'''As a woman, you spend so much time either cooking or getting ready to go somewhere. I like to have music when I'm doing either of these things.''' ,'''If there's anything that I've always said about myself is that to me, it's much more important for me to get to work with filmmakers that I've grown up loving and admiring.''' ,'''I'm a girl from Queens. I've never gone, 'What am I doing today? Oh, I'm gonna grab a gun and learn how to use it.'''' ,'''It gets pretty boring when all you are is the support system for a male character.''' ,]
+++