+++
author = "Jim Lampley"
title = "Jim Lampley Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Jim Lampley Quotes"
keywords = "jim lampley,jim lampley quotes,jim lampley quote,jim lampley sayings,jim lampley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I mean, I spent 30 years in the world of physical perfection, right? I've known most of the world's most perfect physical specimens over the course of the last 30 years.''' ,'''I think there was a sense that the impact was being lost because the audience was so familiar with the form. You combine that with people's attention spans, which are clearly conditioned to be shorter now, and there's a need to vary the paradigm.''' ,'''I've never seen a truly great fighter get knocked onto the ropes unconscious... knocked out cold before... and I saw Roy Jones get knocked out twice in a row.''' ,'''We're both accustomed to being the center of attention. We're both accustomed to being spoiled by the people around us. And we don't expect to have to compete with somebody for all of that.''' ,'''You know, we - we start with a mentality that we'll take a sports project if its good. And we're certainly not on the lookout for them, because to be honest we don't have to. They walk in the door.''' ,'''I mean, you know, I get a tremendous positive charge every day just from knowing these kids and who they are. I mean, Larry, my 12-year-old son is my hero in life. Could there be a greater privilege than that? I mean, I can't imagine anything that would be more exciting.''' ,'''She divorced me August 10 of 2000, but she never was able to completely get rid of me. Don't ask me why.''' ,'''I met Roy's father once... And I think that Roy's relationship with his father is still at the heart of what Roy does. But at the end of the day, he's trying to prove himself to a father he'll never really please.''' ,'''I wear my wedding ring. We talk about when we're going to get married again, which we hope is going to take place some time in this incredibly hectic calendar year.''' ,'''If he's chasing the full restoration of his legacy, he's chasing something that he really can't get.''' ,'''I'm actually the daytime host of the Olympics on NBC.''' ,]
+++