+++
author = "Mabel"
title = "Mabel Quotes"
quotes_len = "88"
description = "the best 88 Mabel Quotes"
keywords = "mabel,mabel quotes,mabel quote,mabel sayings,mabel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''All the buzz can be very much here today and gone tomorrow, but my focus is creating music that will last forever.''' ,'''I lived wherever my parents felt like making music, which had its ups and downs - I've had to move schools, but I've also seen a lot of amazing places and been on tour with my parents.''' ,'''I can't believe that I'm MTV's Brand New for 2018. Big love to MTV for even giving me this opportunity and to all the fans for voting.''' ,'''I think I took after my parents. Using music as one of my main ways of expression just felt natural.''' ,'''I moved from Stockholm to London, and I didn't want to work with my parents or have them help me in any way, I think just to prove to myself that I have my own talent.''' ,'''Harry Styles threw a cream pie at my face in front of 15,000 people to thank me for the months we spent on the road.''' ,'''I want to be known for my music, and that takes time.''' ,'''There's so many R&B songs where guys are talking about a clingy girl, like, 'I don't want a girlfriend, and this girl's so clingy, and blah blah blah.' But I'm a woman, and I've been in situations that have been the reverse of that, so I wanted to tell that story.''' ,'''I work hard, and I'm very separate from what my parents do.''' ,'''I'm not embarrassed to say I want to be successful, but only on my terms.''' ,'''I think growing up, people want to put you in a box and label you quite often, just because it's kind of easier, I guess.''' ,'''I'm the biggest Drake fan - my favorite is 'Tuscan Leather' because it's like three songs in one, and for somebody that's obsessed with keys, the outro has the best keys ever.''' ,'''I found being a teenager quite difficult, actually. I put a lot of pressure on myself, and now, looking back at it, I really wish that I had relaxed and just enjoyed it more.''' ,'''It sounds really cheesy, but as a woman, I feel like I sort of found myself.''' ,'''Gigs are my favourite thing - even the not so good ones, because you always learn something.''' ,'''I must have been five or six when I realised all the stuff I was writing made sense with what I was playing on the piano.''' ,'''All my songs are things that have happened to me.''' ,'''The important thing is that my music is getting a positive reaction and that people are connecting with it.''' ,'''A couple of days out of the month, I talk to my stylist, and we just get a big chunk of looks that'll last me a while.''' ,'''You have to work hard as a woman for people to take you seriously.''' ,'''I've always been sure of my vision, but I've been in meetings where men have been talking about me like I'm not there... I've been told I should be a certain way, and I wondered if that would have been the case if I was a man.''' ,'''I had a difficult childhood. I had lots of anxiety and questions. I found the world scary and intimidating.''' ,'''I'm really good at the '90s slow jams. I've got that down. But I love to dance, so why wouldn't I make something I could dance to?''' ,'''I definitely idolised Beyonce growing up.''' ,'''I grew up in a house full of musicians, and my mum really taught me that when you listen to an album, you respect that it's somebody's art, and that the B-sides are just as important as the singles, and we should really listen to the album all the way through the way it was intended to be listened to.''' ,'''I grew up listening to loads of afrobeats; my grandad's Sierra Leonean, so that was always around. My mum loves those kind of beats, too.''' ,'''Being a creative person, I want to feel the highs and the lows.''' ,'''I feel so blessed that I grew up in the age of the independent woman, the survivor. I had Destiny's Child telling me I didn't need a man to feel good about myself, and I want to carry on that message.''' ,'''Kehlani is so refreshing in terms of R&B.''' ,'''I know I love going to my gym - I have a whole list of things I love to do by myself without needing someone else to make me happy.''' ,'''I've been working a lot with this girl Kelly Kiara. She's amazing. She's going to be super important for R&B coming out of the U.K.''' ,'''I think people look back at the '90s as a golden era of female empowerment.''' ,'''I'm not going to lie: I'd love to win a Grammy.''' ,'''Having a Top 10 record changed my life a lot, you know?''' ,'''I'm pretty much writing all the time.''' ,'''I am very much my own person and my own artist.''' ,'''What gives you real power is when you know your power. And I feel quite powerful.''' ,'''Yes, sharing super-personal experiences is scary, but I can only get up on stage and perform it if I really connect with the music.''' ,'''Growing up, I was confused about my identity: I felt like I wasn't black enough to be black, but not white enough to be white.''' ,'''I wouldn't be who I am if my parents hadn't been musicians.''' ,'''I want to be an artist that grows slowly. If you appear overnight, there's a chance that you will also just disappear overnight.''' ,'''I have a lot of energy in general, and I am pretty crazy.''' ,'''In the bathroom, having taken my make-up off and opened my eyes, I always think there's a ghost behind me. It feels like there's a weird presence. Maybe it's my brain reacting to me without make-up.''' ,'''I was a sensitive kid.''' ,'''That's why I love music - because I'm such a control freak, and it's the only thing that I can't really control.''' ,'''When I was younger, I would listen to Lauryn Hill, Destiny's Child, Justin Timberlake, Aaliyah: lots of '90s R&B.''' ,'''There's so many inspiring women dominating the charts, so I feel like I'm definitely a part of a wave that's just really interesting and really cool.''' ,'''I feel incredibly lucky to have grown up with creative parents and around creative people, many of whom live with anxiety. My mum would sometimes say that it was a beautiful thing, and that it would come in handy when making music - and it's made me a more empathetic person.''' ,'''I want to make people dance, I want to make people smile, and I want my music to get played in clubs.''' ,'''I think there's something amazing about British soul.''' ,'''I have, like, 'Finders Keepers' fever now! Sometimes I go in the studio, and I'm like, 'That worked so well, and I wrote it in 45 minutes, so if I try wearing the same outfit and playing on the same piano, it'll happen again.'''' ,'''Being a solo artist in general can be incredibly lonely. It's funny how often the bigger you get sometimes, the lonelier you feel.''' ,'''Whenever I have a bad day, I tell everybody around me, 'Just so guys know I am having a bad day and I am nervous about these things,' and that makes all the difference.''' ,'''Producing isn't my favourite bit about what I do, but the fact that I know how to do it gives me this sense of power in situations that are super male-dominated.''' ,'''When it's my show, I know that everybody is there to see me - but I like a challenge, and I like the fact that at festivals not everybody is there to see me, but I have the chance to convert people.''' ,'''Destiny's Child's harmonies remind me of Earth, Wind & Fire.''' ,'''I wish I could teleport and cut out the travelling in between gigs. I want the luxury of the shows without the painful bits stuck on a tour bus.''' ,'''I've been in two long-term relationships and - this sounds awful - they were really helpful for writing heartbreak. It makes good songs.''' ,'''My first-ever radio interview was with Annie Mac on Radio 1!''' ,'''Music became my way of processing things and a way to gain confidence.''' ,'''My mum is one of my style icons!''' ,'''I remember trying so hard to get into Bon Iver. I'd lie in bed listening with my eyes screwed up, like, 'This is just depressing me.'''' ,'''I think there is a misconception that being open and honest and saying what it is you want is something we should be embarrassed about. But that's just not me. I am a very honest person. I always tell somebody what I am looking for, and I don't want people to waste my time, basically.''' ,'''Swedes celebrate Christmas Eve. Every Sunday leading up to Christmas, we light a candle, then make gingerbread and saffron buns.''' ,'''It was such a wake-up call going to music school and being one among so many that are really good at singing.''' ,'''I think the best thing that I can do is be myself. I don't know about being a role model; I think placing that sort of title on myself is too much. It's trying to be this thing that puts loads of pressure on something.''' ,'''I am very much married to the job.''' ,'''I went to Glastonbury when I was 14, and that was really fun.''' ,'''I've been making music since age five.''' ,'''Relationships with cities are similar to relationships with people: being away from both can really make you appreciate what you have.''' ,'''I'm such a control freak that camping, for me, is difficult. I can't be this crazy, carefree person that wears the same outfit for four days.''' ,'''You have to be so careful with your voice, especially when you're using it every day.''' ,'''I don't want to be all over the place with my style and my music, but I am experimenting.''' ,'''Youssou N'Dour was really important to me growing up.''' ,'''Being mainstream is fun.''' ,'''Just enjoy every moment - don't stress. Just be yourself.''' ,'''I don't actually get that many DMs. I tell myself that it's because guys might be intimidated, but I'm not that sure.''' ,'''I really wanted to find my own path.''' ,'''Coming from an R&B background, I was like, 'I'm gonna make slow jams.'''' ,'''I like to spend time alone before I go on stage.''' ,'''I just want to make music that makes people feel good about themselves.''' ,'''I think knowing where you came from and where you want to go is really important.''' ,'''I'm just trying to be myself and encourage other young women to be themselves.''' ,'''I put a song on Soundcloud, and Annie Mac made it record of the week, and a month later, I signed my record deal.''' ,'''I'm independent; I live by myself.''' ,'''I want people to really care when I release an album.''' ,'''Young women look at me and think, 'She's really confident. She has always had it figured out,' but actually, I really, really haven't. That has come over time as I became a young woman.''' ,''''Finders Keepers' is guaranteed to create a vibe. If I'm having a difficult show, then I know I've got that song at the end to turn it around, and the phones will come out.''' ,]
+++