+++
author = "Britney Spears"
title = "Britney Spears Quotes"
quotes_len = "95"
description = "the best 95 Britney Spears Quotes"
keywords = "britney spears,britney spears quotes,britney spears quote,britney spears sayings,britney spears saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't understand the whole dating thing. I know right off the bat if I'm interested in someone, and I don't want them to waste their money on me and take me out to eat if I know I'm not interested in that person.''' ,'''I love my gay fans. Gay people are always usually my best friends in the whole world. I completely adore them.''' ,'''I go through life like a Karate Kid.''' ,'''As a mom, you have all these situations you go through, and you're like, 'What is going on? Is this normal? Is this a phase? Or what is this?' and then you feel silly for asking questions because you think, 'I'm a mom - I'm supposed to know these things,' but you don't.''' ,'''Recently I started to appreciate my body a bit more from before I had kids. But it completely changed, and I have had to work hard at getting it back to where it used to be.... I used to be obsessed with working out.''' ,'''I'm not at the point where I'd feel safe in a house alone. I would be really scared. I'm the kind of person that when I get up to go use the bathroom I have this big long hallway, and I just know someone's going to jump out and get me.''' ,'''I'm a hometown girl, and my personality at home is the opposite of the performer in me. But then, when I'm home and haven't done anything for a while, I get really itchy and nervous and weird-feeling.''' ,'''I want to wait to have sex until I'm married.''' ,'''Justin Timberlake is everything, and what more could you want in a person? He's funny. He's cute. He's great. He just understands. I get him and he gets me, and that's cool.''' ,'''I'm definitely picky about what projects I take on. They have to be things I'm passionate about. I actually get to be creative when it comes to my mobile game. It's really cool.''' ,'''I'm so happy to be able to give kids the opportunity to learn about amazing world of dance and music that I've have been lucky enough to make such a big part of my own life.''' ,'''I'm more straightforward, and I speak up more than I did before. When I was younger, I wouldn't speak up as much, but now that I'm a mom, things have changed.''' ,'''I find it so funny that people find me so interesting.''' ,'''Marry Prince William? I'd love that. Who wouldn't want to be a princess?''' ,'''Honestly, I still don't use my computer. My kids use the computer more than I do! I understand that a lot of people are into it, and I have days where I write and stuff, but it's really not for me. It's not my thing.''' ,'''I remember I read this harsh review about my show, and one of my friends told me that this was the exact same stuff people said about Madonna. And it's like, she didn't care. Madonna just came out and was herself. I respect that a lot.''' ,'''To be honest, I wish I had more mom friends.''' ,'''There are so many soulful singers, even the ones coming from London, like Adele and Jessie J, who are just amazing. It feels like a really cool time to be making music now.''' ,'''I dress the way I want. I don't pretend to be someone I'm not.''' ,'''Everything happens for a reason.''' ,'''Would you go into a CD store and steal a CD? It's the same thing, people going into the computers and loggin' on and stealing our music.''' ,'''I'm rich, freakin' rich. It's crazy.''' ,'''When I'm under stress, I do yoga. It's when I'm happiest that I have a problem with junk food.''' ,'''I'm actually a very private person. Sometimes I'm in denial that I'm really famous.''' ,'''Every night, I have to read a book, so that my mind will stop thinking about things that I stress about.''' ,'''I'm still the same person I've always been.''' ,'''For me, success is a state of mind. I feel like success isn't about conquering something; it's being happy with who you are.''' ,'''I went to a psychoanalyst. He explained things about my love life that I found very impressive... almost scary.''' ,'''I love Jessica Simpson. I love her voice. She's amazing.''' ,'''I do love Instagram, and my kids are with me, like, 24-7, so it's inevitable that they'll be on there. And honestly, I know it sounds weird, but I look up people all the time on it. Because I find people so interesting, and I'm curious about them. It's a gateway to meet new people. I think the whole concept of Instagram is really cool.''' ,'''We have a nanny in the house, but there are always times when one of my kids does something bad or wrong, and they'll listen to me more than they do the nanny. So I think it's important to set up that boundary of respect for them at a young age, so they will know, 'I better listen to Mommy.'''' ,'''Sundance is weird. The movies are weird - you actually have to think about them when you watch them.''' ,'''I think with anybody who's doing well in the public eye or whatever, there's always gonna be a shift because people don't wanna see somebody happy all the time. And they're gonna try to take shots at people.''' ,'''I've been very hands-on with everything I've done since I had my children. And it's just really important for me to understand the big picture, where everybody's coming from, what's the real purpose of this shoot and this song, or whatever it is in that moment that I'm doing.''' ,'''I don't allow anybody to change me. I still walk outta my house in rollers and I take walks. I do not care what people think.''' ,'''When I was younger, I wouldn't speak up as much, but now that I'm a mom, things have changed.''' ,'''I still have a lot to learn - about the business, about music, and about myself. Its exciting.''' ,'''I used to be a cool chick but I'm not anymore.''' ,'''I go out with friends, but I don't have time to get in trouble.''' ,'''I want to be an artist that everyone can relate to, that's young, happy and fun.''' ,'''Performing is my therapy, to become different people onstage.''' ,'''I'm very boring. I'm a mom. I'm 34 years old.''' ,'''I like meeting all my fans and signing autographs, although it can all get a bit crazy. Yesterday, for example, a boy just came over and planted a big kiss on my face! I was like, 'Hello?'''' ,'''I always wanted to be a singer, it's what I wanted to do since I was little. I'm doing it now and I couldn't be happier.''' ,'''When you're comfortable with someone you love, the silence is the best. And, that's how me and J. are. When we're in a room together, we don't have to say anything. It's for real.''' ,'''I don't like going out. I hate clubs. I hate being around too many people.''' ,'''I love ponytails. I'm a wash-and-go girl.''' ,'''I'm like everybody else.''' ,'''My house is very traditional. And I love 'shabby chic.' It's a very homey-cosy vibe. We spend a lot of time in the kitchen, actually; maybe my kids will be doing their homework or that kind of thing when they get home from school. I love my kitchen.''' ,'''I think it's an okay thing to express yourself.''' ,'''Vegas is definitely a new challenge, but I wanted to be able to put on a different type of show. You get to do so much more when you don't have to put your stage in trucks after the show every night - we got to build a venue specifically for my show. It's going to be more like a party than a typical concert.''' ,'''I would really, really, really like to be a legend like Madonna. Madonna knows what to do next, and when she's performing, the audience is just in awe of her.''' ,'''If I was to pick a cartoon character I am most like, I would say Daisy Duck because she is very stubborn, she has a very feminine sense, and she knows what she likes.''' ,'''I don't really have time to sit down and write. But when I think of a melody, I call up my answering machine and sing it, so I won't forget it.''' ,'''It's in my blood to perform.''' ,'''When you tour, it's so hard on the body. Being in one place is cool. It's a more stable environment.''' ,'''Traveling around the world is really strenuous for me, being in a different bed every night, flying and everything.''' ,'''Whoever is in the spotlight, people are really quick to judge. I mean, there are a lot of kids coming up who've experienced that. You know, Justin Bieber, he's huge, and he experiences that. It's just the way the world works, unfortunately.''' ,'''In my off-time, I do record. Once in a while, I'll just go into the studio if there's a really good song that I have in my head and want to do. I think, as artists, you're constantly in creative motion. If I stopped writing songs, then that's a part of me that would stop in my life, and I need constant motion.''' ,'''I don't like defining myself. I just am.''' ,'''My mom is a wonderful woman. She's always been an inspiration to me, but having kids helped me make even more sense of my relationship with her.''' ,'''If I happen to have another baby or something like that, I'd probably move back to Louisiana. I do miss Louisiana. I miss the people. I miss the food. I miss the way of life, how everything is really simple. There's no traffic like there is in L.A. It's really nice.''' ,'''I don't want people kissing my butt. If I had a bad show and I know it, don't tell me I had a good show. I hate that. I guess because I'm 17, people think I don't see stuff like that.''' ,'''I notice that if there are some times I've been stressed, because I'm human and stress about things, that affects your kids. So you have to make sure you're a happy mom so they can be happy.''' ,'''Just because I look sexy on the cover of Rolling Stone doesn't mean I'm naughty.''' ,'''The cool thing about being famous is traveling. I have always wanted to travel across seas, like to Canada and stuff.''' ,'''I'm into the food in Vegas. I'm willing to go to nice restaurants for sushi and stuff like that.''' ,'''I wish my hair was thicker, and I wish my feet were prettier. My toes are really ugly. I wish my ears were smaller. And my nose could be smaller too.''' ,'''England is one of my favorite places. The fans are just so crazy.''' ,'''I've never really wanted to go to Japan. Simply because I don't like eating fish.''' ,'''Don't treat me like a little girl.''' ,'''I need to do psychology classes. That would be so interesting to me, studying people.''' ,'''I know not everyone will like me, but this is who I am so if you don't like it, tough!''' ,'''I can't go anywhere without someone judging me.''' ,'''I guess it's because I do have a younger audience that, you know, parents worry about the role model thing. But when I was younger, I looked up to people, but I never wanted to be them. I always had my own identity. I'm an entertainer when I'm on stage, and they need to explain that to their kids. That's not my job to do that.''' ,'''I've always followed my heart and pursued my dreams, and I imagine that people find that inspiring. I hope that is the effect I have on my fans and people in general. I definitely want to project a positive energy out into the world.''' ,'''I have my relationship with God and myself, and that's what matters to me. I really don't care what most people think.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I mean, I love my father, but I was always a mama's girl growing up. I'm from the South, so there's always something about me when I'm just with my girls or even my mother. There's just a strong connection there.''' ,'''I like to work out. I like a routine. I'm kind of simple. I eat almost the same thing every day. I like Caesar salad.''' ,'''I would like to be called an inspiration to people, not a role model - because I make mistakes like everybody else. When I'm offstage, I'm just like everybody else.''' ,'''Seriously, I have the best fans ever.''' ,'''It's no secret I'm a shy person.''' ,'''With love, you should go ahead and take the risk of getting hurt because love is an amazing feeling.''' ,'''Christina Aguilera and I are friends no matter what the media makes up.''' ,'''I don't like going out. I hate clubs. I hate being around too many people. I love my home and staying in bed and watching 'Dancing With the Stars' or reading a Danielle Steel novel.''' ,'''I did not have implants, I just had a growth spurt.''' ,'''I'm attracted to guys who are really confident and make conversation.''' ,'''Onstage I'm the happiest person in the world.''' ,'''I don't want to pierce anything. I think it's outdated. Belly rings and all are, like, old.''' ,'''I would love to act. I would love to do movies. If it was the right part, it would be really cool... I love funny movies.''' ,'''I'm all about thoughtful gifts. If you put thought behind it - it could be $5 - but if there's thought behind it, I think that's what matters.''' ,'''When you go through heartbreak, you just do the things that get you by. Eventually, you realise it's about making the most of life.''' ,'''I'm pretty normal, you know?''' ,'''It's important to learn to say no. With tours and all of that stuff, there are so many aspects that go into it, it's easy to have so many people around you saying, 'Oh yes, yes, you can afford this, you can afford this,' and then all of the sudden you've spent $20 million on your stage, and you're like, 'Where's my money?'''' ,'''When things take a long time, I just get really stubborn.''' ,]
+++