+++
author = "John Jeremiah Sullivan"
title = "John Jeremiah Sullivan Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 John Jeremiah Sullivan Quotes"
keywords = "john jeremiah sullivan,john jeremiah sullivan quotes,john jeremiah sullivan quote,john jeremiah sullivan sayings,john jeremiah sullivan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Thinking you're a genius is death.''' ,'''Freaky things happen all the time in the world. I suppose everything has to happen for the first time at some point.''' ,'''As the planet warms, evolution speeds. We've known this for a long time.''' ,'''The initial research will be very indiscriminate. I do a lot of reading, buy a stack of books and read and digest them, and then I start doing phone interviews and archival research and then the travelling.''' ,'''The greenness of Ireland is a false greenness, after all. Not that it isn't green - the place can still make you have to pull off and swallow one of your heart pills. It's that the greenness doesn't mean what it seems. It doesn't encode a pastoral past, much less a timeless vale where wee folk trip the demesne.''' ,'''Not watching TV gets me in a lot of trouble in my household because my wife and daughter have a lot of shows they like to watch.''' ,'''At 'GQ,' there was never a temptation to pander or preach to the choir because I had no concept of who the reader was or what that reader might want.''' ,'''This to me is the secret comedy of all author interviews, down through the ages, even the good ones in the 'Paris Review' and places. They're all acting. It's like watching a person in a play.''' ,'''Ireland starts for me with the end of 'The Dead,' which my father read to me from his desk in his basement office in New Albany, Ind.''' ,'''I don't read a lot of books that were published after 1755. One thing about having friends in New York who belong to the literary world, however, is that I have a steady stream of books coming to the house.''' ,'''Going to any place that you view as more politically oppressed than your own country, there's a weird tendency to assume that the whole existence is determined minute by minute by the political reality, but of course, that's not the case for any of us.''' ,'''The city of Cork - the urban center, where all the shops and bars and everything are - is actually an island, a river island.''' ,'''It is a curious fact that the word 'essayist' showed up in English before it existed in French.''' ,'''There's a half-conscious state you enter when you're actually generating prose, and you are simply a better writer in that place. In fact it's the only place where you even are a writer.''' ,'''I want to stay in touch with what I have in common with my subjects, with the places where are equally implicated with whatever is wrong with the culture.''' ,'''I'm a passionate believer in revision, and a lot of my writing gets done during revision process. It isn't just tweaking: I tend to break it apart and remake it every time I do a new draft.''' ,'''Reporting provides reminders that things are always more complicated than you think.''' ,]
+++