+++
author = "Jake Busey"
title = "Jake Busey Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Jake Busey Quotes"
keywords = "jake busey,jake busey quotes,jake busey quote,jake busey sayings,jake busey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''Swingers' was a little closer to what my real experience was. 'Crazy Eyes,' whoever's experience that is, I'm telling you what, that was one heck of a ride.''' ,'''I just didn't lock into being in the right role in the right big movie and it going huge. I did never really make the leap to hyperspace. Who's to say that it can't still happen. I just enjoy working, and feel fortunate to be doing the things that I am doing.''' ,'''I had my airplane, and I'd use it as a car whenever I could. If the drive was going to be longer than an hour, I was flying the plane instead. And in California, it's really easy to have a drive longer than an hour.''' ,'''I go on at least 2-3 auditions a week in the pursuit of more work. So I'm constantly working on material and constantly honing and trying to perfect a craft that is never perfectible - it's always new, and it's always different. It's always a work in progress.''' ,'''Oh, my father's had a huge, immense impact on my career. I grew up on movie sets that he was working on, and it just become a part or was a part, was the only part of my life because I spent my whole childhood traveling and being on film sets.''' ,'''Let's say you would see me in a lot more big movies had I done movies that I'd been asked to do playing bad guys. Now that I have a child on the way, I think that you'll probably be seeing me play more bad guys. If that's what's going to put bread on the table, that's what I'm going to be doing.''' ,'''I have a band called Sons of the Lawless.''' ,'''If you're not in someone's face, they're not going to remember you. So get yourself back into an acting class; get a coach. Do those things you did when you were 20 and wanted it so bad.''' ,'''I like showing the gritty truthful dark side of humanity.''' ,'''The first film I was in was called 'Straight Time.' I was five-years old, and I was playing my father's son.''' ,'''Oh yeah, 'Starship Troopers' was one of the best experiences of my life, and I made some lifelong friends.''' ,'''I love... What's gratifying to me is when you make/create a character and a human being, a person who lives entirely and who has their own existence, just merely from the words on a page.''' ,'''I had some downtime with my career and... I got complacent.''' ,'''I don't have a favorite role because there's been so many films that I've done that I've really enjoyed.''' ,'''Being a dad is the best thing that ever happened to me. It changed my life entirely.''' ,'''I'm purely most happy on a film or television set. That's where I feel I am home.''' ,]
+++