+++
author = "David Geffen"
title = "David Geffen Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 David Geffen Quotes"
keywords = "david geffen,david geffen quotes,david geffen quote,david geffen sayings,david geffen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Happy is harder than money. Anybody who thinks money will make you happy hasn't got money.''' ,'''Anybody who thinks money will make you happy, hasn't got money.''' ,'''HIV infection and AIDS is growing - but so too is public apathy. We have already lost too many friends and colleagues.''' ,'''I never went to business school. I was just bumbling through a lot of my life. I was like the guy behind the curtain in The Wizard of Oz.''' ,'''I just needed a job. Before being hired as an usher at the CBS Theatre, I didn't even know there was a show business!''' ,'''I intend to be me. Whatever that is.''' ,'''I thought I'd be a success even back in the mailroom at William Morris.''' ,'''I'm Billy the Kid, the fastest draw. It's not arrogance. It's the truth.''' ,'''I believe we're all in denial about the people we love.''' ,'''Broke is a Hollywood term!''' ,'''To be able to live and work in the United States is a privilege.''' ,'''I would say that Bob Dylan is as interested in money as any person I've known in my life. That's just the truth.''' ,'''It's the perfect definition of a settlement. Both parties didn't get what they wanted.''' ,'''In Hollywood people lie to each other and cheat each other and then go and play tennis. But I don't want to be a tennis player.''' ,'''Steven Spielberg and I have tremendous amounts of money.''' ,'''Move to California. Malibu is paradise.''' ,'''I am truly my mother's son.''' ,'''You have an idea of the way you think it is, and it's not that way at all, it's something else.''' ,'''The opportunity for an entrepreneur to start a company from scratch today is abysmal.''' ,'''It's easy in music to tell what's good. It's hard to tell what's bad.''' ,'''It's very easy for me to thank everyone for the incredible contribution they've made to my life.''' ,'''My mother taught me to love my work. I learned everything about business from her.''' ,]
+++