+++
author = "Alexander Zverev"
title = "Alexander Zverev Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Alexander Zverev Quotes"
keywords = "alexander zverev,alexander zverev quotes,alexander zverev quote,alexander zverev sayings,alexander zverev saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think I'm the first 1990-born guy to win a Masters 1000, so it's quite special to be the first one in a very strong group of guys. There are a lot of guys playing great, and hopefully there are going to be a lot more coming.''' ,'''I know if I'm doing the right things and if I do the right work, I'll win those long matches, and the success will come itself. This is not something I think of on a daily basis.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I played a lot of different sports. There was a time when I was playing field hockey, tennis, and soccer at the same time. I was actually quite good at all of those sports.''' ,'''Booing - I never like it. We see it in other sports all the time, but in tennis, it's rare.''' ,'''I try to play the same way, play the same way over a longer period of time.''' ,'''My success has a lot to do with Mischa. He was the one who always used to practise with me when I was little, when I was a junior.''' ,'''I think it's normal that, the first time you meet Federer or Murray or Djokovic, you're going to get nervous. But after a while, they become normal opponents, people you see every week. That's the way you have to think. You can't think of them as legends. When you see someone on court, you have to treat every opponent the same way.''' ,'''I always say when the opponent was better.''' ,'''I play a lot of PlayStation, to be honest. I play with Marcelo Melo, and he can't beat me. That makes me very happy. That's my evening routines.''' ,'''I've been shadowing my brother since I was a little kid. Maybe that helped me feel more comfortable with the big guys.''' ,'''I think the reason my relationship works so well with my dad is that we can separate our tennis lives from our personal lives.''' ,'''Me and my brother are players that spend three to four hours in the gym every day doing running, lifting heavy weights, and doing treadmill stuff.''' ,'''I don't go out at all. I have my three restaurants that I go to, and that's it. I spend the least possibly time here on-site because that takes energy away as well. There is a lot of people, you know. It's massive kind of stadium, a lot of players.''' ,'''I'm not going to change and get the emotions out of my game. It's important to have emotions in sport. If you don't have emotions, it's like you don't really care. Because if you care about something, you're always going to be emotional. Doesn't matter if it's sports or personal life.''' ,'''I had a lot of success in big tournaments as well - won Masters Series in Rome - so a lot of things are coming together. I've done a lot of hard work in the off-season. A lot of physical work, a lot of work on my serve and on my return game.''' ,'''The best way is not to read as much from the media and what they write.''' ,'''Physically, the top players are on a different level to other players, and that's why they're on the top.''' ,'''Every good tennis player has to have a short memory. Good or bad.''' ,'''There's no big secret to training. But different body, different training. With me, you have to build muscles but also stay flexible and stay kind of soft, which I am naturally.''' ,'''I think tennis is going towards the direction of powerful, hard hitters, and that's what us tall people are. We are trying to play very aggressive; we're trying to make a lot of winners, and, I mean, I don't know. That's what tall players kind of do.''' ,'''I don't go to nightclubs or discoteque. That's not going to happen. I wear Zegna all the time. Outside of the court, I'm wearing Zegna. That's all I'm wearing.''' ,'''The taller you are, the bigger your serve.''' ,]
+++