+++
author = "Elliot Knight"
title = "Elliot Knight Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Elliot Knight Quotes"
keywords = "elliot knight,elliot knight quotes,elliot knight quote,elliot knight sayings,elliot knight saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's a very strange situation to be in when you have pictures of you topless everywhere and people thrusting them in your face all time.''' ,'''Fairy tales were great because they provided a no-limits playground for my imagination, and growing up, there's nothing more exciting.''' ,'''It was like my part-time job as a kid to be an adventurer... in my head. I used to sword-fight in the garden and in the park - with my Nan, of all people, with my Nan who can barely walk! I used to make her run around, and I'd go around destroying these trees and cones and stuff.''' ,'''I consider everyone a hero, to be honest.''' ,'''I did three years training for stage in drama school.''' ,'''After we finished filming 'Sinbad,' I went out to Los Angeles for meetings and was invited to a pre-Oscars party. I met Victoria Beckham, Kenneth Branagh, and Gary Oldman. That was quite a leap for me.''' ,'''My parents made every effort to encourage me to pursue anything in life that I enjoyed or found appealing so that I would be able to better understand myself and my passions as I grew up.''' ,'''I used to watch 'Charmed' and 'The Secret World of Alex Mack' - she was the best.''' ,'''It's very important not just to think you need to eat and drink and sleep. You need to feed your heart and your mind and your soul as well.''' ,'''We can all tend to get caught up in the complications of life that we create; we live life for other people. It's a harrowing moment when you're confronted with an end, and you have to make the choice to live your life for you.''' ,'''Merlin is, in the terms of the world of magic, one of the most intriguing and powerful characters.''' ,'''I think there are always times when people want to get out of reality, because sometimes it sucks and it's difficult.''' ,'''The only thing that made its way to actually happen for me was acting. I love it, and I love being on set. I love being in rehearsal for things and telling stories. It's what I feel I am supposed to be doing.''' ,'''A role I grew up with and always loved was James Bond. I'd even say, in some ways, that he served as a creative role model for me as a kid in terms of roles I would want to play. I watched all of the movies growing up with my dad, so to be Bond himself would, without a doubt, be my dream role.''' ,'''I love the story of Quasimodo, about someone who feels like they don't belong but is pure of heart and has good intentions. It's a great message for a younger audience.''' ,'''Even though you can have a youthful energy, it doesn't mean that you can't know a lot and bring a lot to the situation.''' ,'''In Malta, it's so hot, you wouldn't believe.''' ,'''Everyone's been so great, and the fandom is so huge and passionate and dedicated. It really is great to feel so supported.''' ,'''I look completely different from how I did in 'Sinbad,' and it's nice to be myself.''' ,'''I'd had four auditions for 'Sinbad' when I got the phone call. I was in the Trafford Centre in Manchester, and I screamed very loudly. Then I ran outside, and I screamed some more.''' ,'''I definitely love when things get gritty and they get a bit dirty!''' ,'''I've always loved magic.''' ,'''I was the kid who was sat in his room, trying to move objects across the room with my eyes or my mind.''' ,'''I've always received a lot of support from my family, particularly for my pursuits as an actor. I'm very lucky.''' ,''''By Any Means' follows a team of behind-the-scenes crime-prevention team - not police. They basically go to the areas of crime where the police can't touch and organised crime fighting units can't go to - in the public eye - to bring about real justice, treading the line between 'true' justice and what the law says is justice.''' ,'''I think people get confused about who Merlin is. It's not his age that makes him: it's wisdom, and wisdom is not necessarily linked to age. Definitely not in the same way in the world of 'Once Upon a Time.'''' ,'''You are alive, but you should enjoy that while you can. I try to keep that same life philosophy of just enjoying the moments that come my way and not be the one that gets in my own way from making the most of the opportunities that I have.''' ,'''It's important to keep yourself grounded, and my friends and family make sure of that.''' ,'''Sinbad is a great character for any actor to be able to play: impulsive, adventurous, passionate, loyal, and brave - a true hero.''' ,'''I love music, and I love sports. I played sports all throughout school.''' ,]
+++