+++
author = "Divyanka Tripathi"
title = "Divyanka Tripathi Quotes"
quotes_len = "65"
description = "the best 65 Divyanka Tripathi Quotes"
keywords = "divyanka tripathi,divyanka tripathi quotes,divyanka tripathi quote,divyanka tripathi sayings,divyanka tripathi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can never lie to my partner. Even if the truth is harsh, I'll break it to my partner but won't lie.''' ,''''YHM' has broken many stereotypes on Indian television with its take on remarriage, infertility, and idea of marrying for the love for a child.''' ,'''Being a TV actor is quite different from being a movie star, and I always try and highlight my character. It is the reason why I am more inclined to taking frequent sabbaticals: so that when I return, people can identify with the character I play.''' ,'''I am a workaholic, and I sometimes wish that there were 48 hours in a day. But I know how to manipulate my time beneficially.''' ,'''As long as there is a new twist in the storyline, there cannot be any space for monotony.''' ,'''I feel blessed to keep my adventurous passion at peak while doing a daily soap.''' ,'''No actor can be a complete artist without trying his/her hand at comic roles.''' ,'''I believe that children should not be made to work.''' ,'''My best memories in life are with my elder sister Priyanka Tiwari and my brother Aishwarya Tripathi.''' ,'''I am lucky that people recognise me wherever I go, but that makes it tough for me to shop.''' ,'''Fans really give us a lot of love.''' ,'''I think the universe was preparing me to be an actor. I never pursued one thing for long, but I was jack of all trades. I was learning everything possible because I knew my father would never shell out money for dresses or parties, but he would always give me money for new courses and books.''' ,'''My parents have been my biggest support. Had it not been for them, I would have not been able to be the confident and fearless person that I am today.''' ,'''Kids in the entertainment industry are at a risk of developing depression, as they see glamour at an early age.''' ,'''I barely get any time for myself.''' ,'''I am still a hard-core romantic.''' ,'''I won't sleep until I have resolved an issue with my husband.''' ,'''Not many know that I'm a mountaineer, and my love for adventure will never die.''' ,'''Fortunately, I have seen only successful and motivating relationships around me that inspired me to get married.''' ,'''I somehow can't remember numbers, names, and faces. I forget very easily.''' ,'''Earlier, I thought it would be better for an actress to marry a businessman or a person from other profession, as it offers more stability. But then I realised that if I marry someone who doesn't belong to the same industry , he wouldn't understand my erratic schedules and also the norms of the glamour industry.''' ,'''People still create limitations and laws for women. But every woman deserves to choose her own path.''' ,'''It feels good when you learn to move on in life.''' ,'''I am a huge fan of Madhuri Dixit.''' ,'''Nothing scares me about marriage.''' ,'''There are groups of haters who always try to malign my image. They question my character and make all kinds of false announcements. It hurts because they assume things and without any proof in hand.''' ,'''Irrespective of my looks and age, they'll like me if I portray my character well.''' ,'''I'm not a chui-mui.''' ,'''In India, public display of affection is frowned upon.''' ,'''No actor can refuse a combination of a good story, a Balaji production, and the show being aired on Star Plus.''' ,'''Playing mother to grown-up kids does not allure me much. I will not feel comfortable. Also, my fans will not like me with grey hair.''' ,'''I have started exploring my own life and have started valuing myself. I have started valuing my individuality.''' ,'''I am a celebrity, but I don't want people standing outside my wedding venue.''' ,'''I need to find the right guy and the right family. The day I find something worth my while, I will get married and have kids, too.''' ,'''It is sweet that people want to know everything about my wedding, but they should also respect my privacy.''' ,'''As far as dating is concerned, I'm not a casual dating person.''' ,'''I am a practical girl.''' ,'''After certain ups and downs, a person does change, and I have changed for good.''' ,'''I look forward to a life partner who can look after me and respect me.''' ,'''These haters are too less in number when compared to the millions who support me. I look at all those beautiful people who always stand by me. I respect them, and they equally respect me.''' ,'''I recommend marriage to everyone.''' ,'''We women are fools to do so much for the man we love. And we forget to stand for ourselves.''' ,'''I usually have a 13-hour workday. But at times, we get lucky when we wind up in 8 or 10 hours.''' ,'''If you are good to people, they reciprocate with good behaviour.''' ,'''There was nothing girlish about me. I wore clothes hand-stitched by my mother... I had only one ear pierced and preferred loose shirts and trousers. I think I was imitating my father!''' ,'''Ever since I got married, I have been in a blissful state.''' ,'''Happiness is being content with what you have, living in freedom and liberty, having a good family life and good friends.''' ,'''I've always wanted to explore different types of roles and prove to others that Divyanka is not all about being a timid dulhan.''' ,'''Respect your partner. Be happy in your partner's happiness.''' ,'''I have been trying to perform well and give my best, but unless I have a good story line in my hand or a supportive team, I am nothing.''' ,'''I really believe that some things happen for a reason, and they make you a better person.''' ,'''The show is very special to me, as I found my life partner Vivek Dahiya while working on 'YHM.' The entire cast and set has become like a second home to me.''' ,'''There is a vast difference in the pay package of every actor. Actors are also exploited at various levels, but when we are established, we get paid fairly well. But at times, if an actor asks for a hike, he/she may even get boycotted.''' ,'''It is beautiful to see two people in a lasting relationship.''' ,'''I don't wish to curse anyone. I just feel bad when women, especially, try to sabotage the image of another woman.''' ,'''You tend to relate to the other person better if you understand their professional needs.''' ,'''I have learnt sketching, drawing, singing, dancing, rifle shooting, paragliding.''' ,'''Never fight with or disrespect your partner in front of other people.''' ,'''As far as aging on screen is concerned, I am sure the TV audience don't go by stereotypes - they have evolved and become smarter over the years.''' ,'''Comedy is far more difficult, as it involves improvisation and impromptu acting, and as an actor, that came as a welcome break for me.''' ,'''We must never lose our individuality.''' ,'''Vivek is a very supportive man. If I am in the kitchen doing something, he comes and helps. I don't think marriage will change anything for us. Our careers will not be affected after marriage. He believes in gender equality and is a man of today's time.''' ,'''Small things make me happy, and I laugh out loud on the silliest of jokes!''' ,'''I have a memory problem. My family and friends call me Lady Ghajini.''' ,'''Even though I am an actor, by nature I am what you could call a homely girl.''' ,]
+++