+++
author = "Linda Perry"
title = "Linda Perry Quotes"
quotes_len = "77"
description = "the best 77 Linda Perry Quotes"
keywords = "linda perry,linda perry quotes,linda perry quote,linda perry sayings,linda perry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't read music. I refuse to learn how to do that. I barely know half the chords I'm playing. I like being naive when it comes to that.''' ,'''I'm really good at bringing out greatness - in anybody. I don't even have to be in the studio. What a gift to be able to help people bring out the best qualities in them.''' ,'''For me, to have had an impact with anything that you've done, whether it's a painting, a photo, a poem, or something that you've created, just that experience is enormous. You don't get that all the time.''' ,'''If you're not confident, people push you around. That's it. It's super-simple.''' ,'''I was scared of failure, of being a one-hit wonder, never being able to write another song again, never being able to sing again. Maybe everything that I think I am and who I want to be never will happen.''' ,'''I want to show people my interpretation of what creating music is, and this is where it comes from: the heart.''' ,'''If you want to be famous, you can.''' ,'''It's not a 'sexy' position, being the producer. You have to be very bossy. You have to be very aggressive.''' ,'''I'm overcritical, insensitive, and pushy when it comes to me. With everybody else, I'm a great listener, and all I want is for them to be happy.''' ,'''I'm extremely hard to work with.''' ,'''Food is supposed to be vibrant, fresh, filled with color.''' ,'''Rock & roll doesn't belong on a grid. It belongs on a pulse - a natural pulse.''' ,'''I've had many songs where I've gone, 'Oh, my God, this song is going to be huge!' but it wasn't the right artist, or something just didn't happen. It didn't make the song any worse. It just didn't line up. That does happen.''' ,'''I've been touching instruments since the day I was born. My mother is Brazilian, and she listens to Brazilian music. My father was a musician, and I've seen pictures of him when he was in a band playing guitar and piano. He loved country music, Frank Sinatra, and stuff like that.''' ,'''My process of songwriting comes from a very real place: a place that when you watch 'American Idol' - God bless it, it's probably an awesome experience that these people are having, but it's not a real one.''' ,'''I would love for Radiohead to give me a call and say, 'Hey, kid, we wanna see what it's like working with you. We want you to produce our next record.'''' ,'''I don't care if I go broke. I don't care about all that stuff. I just want to know that I did everything I wanted to do.''' ,'''In no way am I a spiritual person. I'm not some guru geek.''' ,'''When making any record, a producer has a list of things you hope an artist brings to the studio. Songs that are strong even without the bells and whistles.''' ,'''I'm great at working with people and collaborating. And if my biggest gift of all is that I'm really good at pulling things from people and helping them become better at what they're doing, I'm here, as I believe all of us are, to be of service.''' ,'''I nurture people's talents because, at the end of it, that's what they're left with. They're left with themselves.''' ,'''I usually write songs in a guy key because my voice is so husky.''' ,'''We're married. We are one now. There's no running away. We have to deal with things together and figure them out, and that's the greatest gift. I'm in it. People ask me, 'How do you maintain a relationship?' I don't know, but all I do know is that I chose Sara to be the one, and when I choose something, that's all that matters, and I'm totally in.''' ,'''I think women gravitate toward me because I am a woman producing and songwriting, and there's none out there. There really isn't.''' ,'''I'm 44, and I've never had a problem being gay, and maybe I dodged a lot of bullets, and maybe I'm one of the lucky ones. I want to make sure every kid can have that experience.''' ,'''My family, they are definitely not an ordinary family.''' ,'''I want to be a producer and not a songwriter.''' ,'''I feel that when I listen to music - not that it's bad - it's not emotional. It has a gimmick to it. It's selling something: the artist, the producer, something. The emotional capacity is very small, for the listener as well.''' ,'''Record companies don't think creatively about what something could possibly be because they are not filled with creative people. Nobody's looking at the future of music because they're concentrating so hard on what they can get from it right this second. It's really hard to see an artist; it's a lot easier to see money.''' ,'''My number one goal is to take over the music business and run a really great record company.''' ,'''I was raised in a time when parents brought out belts, and you got tough love.''' ,'''I'm a horrible producer when it comes to me, but for other artists, I don't know what it is, but something happens, and I'm just really good at it.''' ,'''To me, I feel like everything I touch will do good. Because my heart and my passion is all in the right spot. And you can't go wrong with that. But maybe I'm naive.''' ,'''The L.A. Gay & Lesbian Center has this wonderful program where they take in the youth, feed them, help them learn how to cook, clean, they help them get jobs, help them learn how to save their money, and they have shelters all over the city.''' ,'''I'm just in tune to myself and what I need from the universe.''' ,'''You need a big team to support a career.''' ,'''I want to be so giving and collaborative, but my best songs were written on my own.''' ,'''You create something in your bedroom or your house, and it's just a fun thing that you're doing. Then, all of a sudden, you hear that song that you started in your house, and it's on the radio. And people are now acknowledging it. It's just trippy. What a life.''' ,'''I'm not a children's songwriter. I'm not in that world.''' ,'''I'm able to switch gears at any moment.''' ,'''Pink is an extremely secure person. She knows who she is. When she's going to make a change, she's going to make the change. She just needs someone to help her with the vision.''' ,'''People come to me to write songs that will be successful for them, and they allow me the freedom to do so.''' ,'''I'm a fast learner, and I believe in change, and I believe in growing, and I believe in moving forward and not staying in the same place.''' ,'''I just love music. I love writing songs. It's not even a job; it's a gift. I'm waiting for someone to kick me out of the party because I snuck in here, and I keep thinking somebody's going to figure out that I have no clue. Turns out that most of them have even less of a clue.''' ,'''I didn't like being out in the limelight. I love performing, but that's it.''' ,'''I don't feel the need to be in the spotlight whatsoever.''' ,'''I don't think I'm the world's greatest producer or songwriter or anything.''' ,'''There's a lot of artists that are celebrities, not really artists.''' ,'''I don't want to be a rock star. I had my 15 minutes of fame.''' ,'''I have to meet everybody I work with before I work with them. Before I say yes, I have to meet them, and then I take it from there. I don't care if you've had the best record or the worst. That doesn't matter to me. I don't care about that stuff.''' ,'''I love Pink, and I love Christina Aguilera. Something about Christina always inspires me to do things that are really different.''' ,'''I love just helping people; that's what I'm good at.''' ,'''It'll never get old to hear a song that I wrote on the radio or to hear what someone experienced when they heard a song I wrote.''' ,'''It's a humbling and amazing journey when you write a song in your bedroom, and you've got no money, and you're trying to write a song based on where you're at right at this moment.''' ,''''American Idol' is a machine. It's a machine that's making a lot of money, that's selling a lot of product. It's 'American Marketing.'''' ,'''I don't think I could make a pop album.''' ,'''I have a lot of songs that I kind of put away, and I don't let anybody else hear them, and those are my songs.''' ,'''Music comes from inside. It's not a style. It's just passion.''' ,'''One day, it hit me that music is my calling. I just started playing and writing music. How, I don't know. I just started doing it, and then this big voice came out of my mouth. And it felt like I was releasing something.''' ,'''I wanted to go back to writing for myself and my fans. I built my own recording studio, started my own label, and decided to use the Internet to sell my records.''' ,'''You kind of have to have no ego to be a producer and a songwriter.''' ,'''To give is one of the greatest gifts one could ever receive.''' ,'''Rick Rubin's amazing, by the way. I just need to say that.''' ,'''I love being home. I play with my dogs.''' ,'''I'm a songwriter, an artist, and a musician. I do not have to try to be that; I just am.''' ,'''I've lived out in a park sleeping on the grass with no place to go; I've not eaten. I've been there.''' ,'''For me, Heaven is evoking emotions through sound.''' ,'''I told my mom I was gay when I was 16, and my mom said with her heavy Brazilian accent, 'OK, but at least look good at it.'''' ,'''I get to do all the styles of music that I love. There's no boundaries; there's nobody holding on to me saying I can't do that.''' ,'''Sometimes I'll look back at old pictures where I'm a little heavy and dressed funny and think, 'How did I get chicks all the time?'''' ,'''People are gonna get tired of Linda Perry the producer, but I will always be in the music business. And I will always be successful in it.''' ,'''I don't ever get too literal.''' ,'''There's nothing you could do to me, nothing you could take away from me that would make me feel like I wasn't going to be all right.''' ,'''A lot of people call me a 'machine,' and I don't think a lot of men or women operate the way I do.''' ,'''I love writing songs, but I don't want to write the songs everyone else is asking me to write.''' ,'''I want to be perceived - or maybe I perceive myself - as this really easygoing, honest person that's just giving. Realistically, I have those qualities, but I'm very aggressive. I can be very harsh. It comes off almost mean, you know?''' ,'''I did love 'What's Up?' but I hated the production.''' ,]
+++