+++
author = "Paul Young"
title = "Paul Young Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Paul Young Quotes"
keywords = "paul young,paul young quotes,paul young quote,paul young sayings,paul young saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you stay in the studio for a long period of time, you start to drive yourself around in circles.''' ,'''My dad was a trained carpenter and worked for Vauxhall Motors. We had money, though not a great deal.''' ,'''After performing in various bands, my big break came when I signed for the record label CBS. I had a couple of hits, then my third single, 'Wherever I Lay My Hat,' reached No 1 in 1983.''' ,'''I was trying to do L.A. style in the U.K. and it didn't really work.''' ,'''For every musician there's a certain point when your kids get to 13 or 14 and you become an embarrassment. They don't want you to drop them off at school and they don't like that you are different from the other parents, but thankfully mine are over that now, and are pretty cool with what I do.''' ,'''I was in L.A. with my wife in a restaurant, and I spotted my great hero David Bowie at another table. Of course I wasn't going to bother him. Then I felt a tap on my shoulder, and it was Bowie, and he squatted down to talk to me. David Bowie came down to my level - so gentlemanly.''' ,'''I don't know how you can hope to run a family unless you accept what's in front of you.''' ,'''Since I'm known for recording other artists' material, I'm absolutely deluged with mail from all the publishing companies. They take all the songs that've been lying around the office for months and throw them at me. Most of them are terrible, but you have to listen... just in case.''' ,'''I suppose I was lucky to be born in a time where I was in my early '20s in the '80s. It was just a happening time to be around.''' ,'''We once employed a girl in Texas to produce a fanzine, and after meeting her there she seemed fine. Then the letters started and they got strange and she began to claim we were an item. She also sent me a rhinestone cow bone sprayed silver and mounted on a plinth. Don't ask me why.''' ,'''Growing up, we visited Devon and Cornwall where I learnt to surf and had my first horse riding lesson. We stayed in caravan parks and I have fond memories of Paignton and Newquay.''' ,'''There was that 'anything is achievable' attitude in the Eighties. Everything was very positive and gung-ho. Well, 'hedonistic' is the word they use a lot. We were all confident bordering on arrogant.''' ,'''I don't think you can be as successful as an artist like Robbie Williams unless you're thinkin' about yourself 24 hours a day.''' ,'''When people come and see Los Pacaminos the first time, the first couple of songs they're in shock. But it's pretty infectious and they'd have to be in a very bad mood to walk away and not like it.''' ,'''I've crossed paths with fanatical fans all over the world.''' ,'''I don't remember how much money we got when I was in Streetband. It was whatever cash was left at the end of the night once we'd paid off the roadies etc for a gig.''' ,'''The Prius does about 55mpg and it always amuses me. I love it when you pull up at someone's house and all you can hear is the gravel crunching under the tyres. I don't have to pay the central London congestion charge, either.''' ,'''It doesn't pay to get too familiar with your songs. Going off to do other things in between recording sessions gives you a chance to think.''' ,'''I'm a mad fan of American guitarist Ry Cooder and he made a record using Mexican musicians, but with American soul singers doing the backing. It opened my eyes to the fact that the Mexicans played very differently.''' ,'''I love playing live and I love to travel. I don't get bored by either one.''' ,'''I flew to Malaga once and instead of going left to Marbella, turned right and went to Nerja. I wanted to get as far away from the British as possible, which is tough to do in Spain, but Nerja is slightly less infested and I loved the local culture there and the food.''' ,'''I'm a musician and I go places and perform to people that want to listen to good music.''' ,'''Recording everything with analogue equipment, as we did with 'No Parlez,' left space for the sorts of happy accidents that can make the most interesting sounds.''' ,'''Generally, musicians find that as they get older, their popularity starts to wane. Pre-Covid, however, I was going through a good phase and finding my live shows were really well received.''' ,'''Whatever I do, I do it in moderation.''' ,'''My bajo sexto, a big Mexican acoustic guitar, comes from a shop in L.A. run by three generations of Mexicans.''' ,'''Swimwear on TV is something I should have done in my 20s.''' ,'''The royalties from downloading are bad enough but the royalties from streaming are non-existent.''' ,'''When I was young music was life or death.''' ,'''When I was in L.A. in the 80s I got talking to Bruce Springsteen at a dinner party about the Harley-Davidson I'd just bought and he said, 'Do you fancy going for a ride?' No one's going to say no to that are they?''' ,'''I was a dreamer as a kid.''' ,'''Everything that happens in your life is a lesson learned.''' ,'''The great thing about people in the '80s is there was a great zest for life. It was a really exciting era and the people who were around then are growing up very slowly. They almost don't want to!''' ,'''Look to the future; don't dwell on a past that you can't change.''' ,'''We were far from being the kind of band that threw TVs out of hotel windows. In fact, we carried our own toolbox with us so that if anything got broken, we could nail it back together and not be charged for it.''' ,'''My parents were still living with my grandparents, on my dad's side, when I was born, but when I was three, we moved to our own house near Luton airport. It was a typical street where the kids all played outside.''' ,'''People think I can burst into song any time of the day, it's crazy.''' ,'''When I was at the height of my fame I got my first what you could loosely describe as a mansion! I didn't even find it myself, my keyboard player was leafing through a homes magazine at the dentist's and said, 'You'd like this.' It was art deco and I loved art deco, I lived there for about 14 years.''' ,'''I did part-time jobs until my apprenticeship as a milling machinist at Vauxhall when I was 16. I got £15 a week and I used to give my mum a fiver of that.''' ,'''My 'No Parlez' album in 1983 - which went quadruple platinum - changed my life. The funniest thing though is the pictures we shot for the cover were rubbish, so we had to use a set we'd done for Smash Hits magazine instead.''' ,'''I performed at Live Aid in front of a worldwide TV audience of 1.9 billion but I wasn't nervous - the atmosphere was electric.''' ,'''There are people who sit at home and decide to anonymously troll people on the Internet - what is wrong with these people? Or you can be a positive person and put some good energy into this world.''' ,'''A large part of me becoming a performer was a make-or-break way of getting over that stutter. I sometimes wonder if, subliminally, that was part of the reason I got into the business, and the more I became a performer and grew in confidence, the less pronounced the stutter became.''' ,'''I'm interested in all types of music.''' ,'''Chrysalis Records saw my group, Q-Tips, as a party band. They weren't doing much for our careers.''' ,'''When I was given a tricycle, aged eight, I'd disappear for hours and do my own thing.''' ,'''Vangelis, who wrote the music for 'Chariots Of Fire,' is a bit of an idol of mine - his music is stunning. So when I got a call from my manager in the 90s asking if I'd like to do some songwriting for him I couldn't believe it.''' ,'''I wanted to do music at school but they discouraged it. If you did music you couldn't do technical drawing, which meant you couldn't work in engineering and as Vauxhall was the local employer that's what we were all being groomed for.''' ,'''I thought I could make a solo album, then go back to the band. But 'No Parlez' was the end of me and Q-Tips.''' ,'''I was quite shy of fame. It took some getting used to.''' ,'''I do like a good bike ride and my wife Stacey and I also have a personal trainer twice a week to keep our basic fitness up.''' ,'''I'd been really shy as a kid, I had a terrible stutter, and I thought music would be a good outlet. And it definitely seemed to improve things for me, so I stuck with it.''' ,'''Music was always a big part of our family life. My dad's brother used to play the harmonica at family parties, and my mum was in the Luton Girls Choir, who did lots of radio broadcasts and performances in the 50s. I have older cousins who used to play me their soul and ska records.''' ,'''I'd driven through all these amazing places in America on tour buses, so I decided to take my family on a U.S.A. road trip. We loved it so much we did it three times - in 1995, 2000 and 2005.''' ,'''The availability of downloads is fantastic, but you don't know which musicians are playing on the songs anymore. It's kind of making musicians faceless, you don't get musical solos on records anymore. You know who the singer is but it's the poor old musicians who suffer.''' ,'''When I'm in the truck on my own I play big, open space music, such as Ry Cooder or Latin stuff.''' ,'''I started off with a paper round when we were just about old enough to drive. I couldn't drive myself, so someone else would have to drive me and I'd drop off the papers.''' ,'''I became a qualified machinist at Vauxhall. For some reason it's been erroneously reported that I used to screw on hubcaps, but that's not true. You can't screw on a hubcap, anyway, so I have no idea where that came from.''' ,'''I love the road.''' ,'''It makes no sense to me at all to give away music for free. The very fact that we have to do that cheapens the music. And there's a huge effect to that of music not playing such a big part in peoples' lives anymore.''' ,'''Although it wasn't my era, Soul is the root of what I do.''' ,'''I fancy a safari in South Africa. Watching animals in the wild must be amazing.''' ,'''I've always liked Iggy. He did an album, 'New Values,' in the punk days that I played to death. When you see him live, the way he moves, what he does - nothing is planned.''' ,'''I want a church service with New Orleans funeral jazz music. I'd like people to say a few words about me and I may have my ashes scattered in the sea.''' ,'''One of my better qualities is that I accept what's in front of me and deal with it.''' ,'''When I was younger, every time I stopped work and had a holiday, I'd break out in a rash. A dermatologist put it down to stress, but it never seemed to affect me when I was busy.''' ,'''You can have talent, but unless you're in the right place at the right time, then it isn't going to happen for you.''' ,'''When I was doing lots of live shows I was able to eat what I wanted because it was worked off easily.''' ,'''People forget that scenes and fashion trends changed very rapidly during the '80s. We went from glam rock to punk, to new romantic, to flashy sportswear... and this all happened just as I was coming up through the ranks.''' ,'''I've always seen myself as a working musician but now there's no money in records for the artist at all, it's all in live performance.''' ,'''When 'Wherever I Lay My Hat' went to number one in 1983, I was still driving a green Viva HC that my dad had given me. People would see me drive past and say, 'It can't be him,' but you don't get any money until about six months after a record is a hit.''' ,'''I used to have a spider phobia, but I'm pretty fearless now.''' ,'''I look after my voice and I warm up... I tend to do it in the car, which must look a little strange!''' ,'''Dad's like the Six Million Dollar Man - as soon as he feels a twinge, he wants it fixed. He's even had laser surgery on his eyes. What really annoys me is that I have to put glasses on to read something to him - but he reads it without glasses.''' ,'''When you're playing Wembley Arena the emotion comes in waves, but in a tiny club it hits you in the face.''' ,'''One of the main reasons people get bullied, in any walk of life, is because they are different. So I think that to throw kids in at the deep end when they are young is a good thing. It gets them used to other people and some of the things they will face. It takes them out of their comfort zone.''' ,'''I don't mind people talking to me as they are only ever nice. Although I had one frightening experience when I had a stalker who thought he was the son of God and thought I was, too.''' ,'''When I'm not doing solo shows, I'm performing with my cowboy band Los Pacaminos - we play the kind of music you'd hear in Tarantino films.''' ,'''I've done more than a few concerts on the same stage as Nik Kershaw, and I've done a couple with Go West.''' ,'''You are what you decide you want to be. You can be some horrible, bitter person who's not a pleasure to be with. That's your choice.''' ,'''I want to be alive for as long as possible and as I have got older, my body seems to tell me what I should and shouldn't have which means I have less red meat and more vegetables.''' ,'''In the early 1970s, I got a milling machine apprenticeship at Vauxhall in Luton. My dad was a pattern maker at the factory. He worked every day of his life there and my brother worked there, too. I remember the pamphlets on all the new models arriving home.''' ,'''Rick James was a force to be reckoned with. He was an underground success here but huge in the U.S. - people used to compare him to Prince. Sadly, he had an early death.''' ,'''I'm great at untangling knots and will sit there for 20 minutes until it's done.''' ,'''I'm not a big fan of reality TV shows.''' ,'''I appeared three times with Jools Holland on 'The Tube.'''' ,'''I think it's really good to get early work experience. I'm not sure if it will happen with my children, but for many young people it's character-building and sets them up for what comes later.''' ,'''Someone at an airport in Germany asked me to sing Wherever I Lay My Hat. It's strange, they wouldn't ask people in other professions to perform on the spot.''' ,'''I'm moved by song lyrics, particularly Tom Waits' 'Take It With Me.' It's about a man on his deathbed, wanting to take the heart of the woman he loves with him when he goes.''' ,'''I remember being 12 or 13 and listening to 'Son of Hickory Holler's Tramp' by OC Smith. It reminds me of holidays in Cornwall, driving in a big estate car, me and my brother sleeping in the back, we would get up early and my dad would put pillows on the back seat and we would lay on the back seat while we drove off on holiday.''' ,'''In the early 90s, I did not want to get stuck in pop music.''' ,'''I didn't think I was scared of heights until I did ITV's 'Splash!' in 2014.''' ,'''I'm fascinated by the challenge of navigating the oceans.''' ,'''If you do something right you get a real sense of achievement and an adrenalin rush.''' ,'''I don't travel that much with my band Los Pacaminos as it's quite a big crowd, but we got invited down to southern Italy once.''' ,'''I'm desperate to learn how to sail a boat.''' ,'''I've spent all my money on the kids' education.''' ,'''My mum said I used to sing on the bus. I was about five and would simply sit, staring out of the window, singing to myself. When I got to the end of the song and everyone gave me a round of applause, it scared me because I was in my own little world, but I obviously loved singing even then.''' ,'''Even as a child I knew I wanted to be a singer, and in 1976, at the age of 20, I quit my job at Vauxhall Motors in Luton and became a musician.''' ,'''I did 'Hell's Kitchen' and 'Celebrity MasterChef.' I was quite good at those, and did a cookbook.''' ,]
+++