+++
author = "Charlene Tilton"
title = "Charlene Tilton Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Charlene Tilton Quotes"
keywords = "charlene tilton,charlene tilton quotes,charlene tilton quote,charlene tilton sayings,charlene tilton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Larry Hagman is one of the nicest people on the planet. He is so wonderful, so loving, so giving.''' ,'''You have to have a strong sense of self in this business - otherwise they're going to spit you out.''' ,'''I get her to school, we do homework at night, and at this age, their social calendars are really quite hectic. She's not driving yet, so I end up chauffeuring her around.''' ,'''I haven't really focused so much on getting acting work.''' ,'''JR was a 1-dimensional, evil character. JR was multi-dimensional, and Larry Hagman is probably one of the greatest actors that we have. Then, you go back and look at 'I Dream of Jeannie' - I mean, he's a comic genius, as well. So, I think they should give him an honorary Emmy Award.''' ,'''I don't have muscle tone. I'm just flab. I'm not a daredevil. I don't like pain, I don't like cold, I don't want to feel exhausted. But the sense of accomplishment is something I've never felt before, in a physical sense.''' ,'''When we had the infamous mealtime scenes, food fights would inevitably develop.''' ,'''Cherish believes that God made her with a special purpose. Like any teenage girl, she has her insecurities, but for the most part she has a real healthy self-esteem.''' ,'''While I was in high school, I started working professionally and got an agent.''' ,'''My daughter is a good, caring, compassionate person. To me that's the true meaning of success, even though the marriages didn't work out. My success with my daughter is all that matters.''' ,]
+++