+++
author = "Mumtaj"
title = "Mumtaj Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Mumtaj Quotes"
keywords = "mumtaj,mumtaj quotes,mumtaj quote,mumtaj sayings,mumtaj saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I made my debut as a heroine and played a gorgeous role in 'Kushi.'''' ,'''I made my debut on big screen, and many thanks to my mentor T. Rajendhar for introducing me to films.''' ,'''I have learnt to become choosy.''' ,'''There was one director who crossed the line. I scolded him so much that he later never tried anything.''' ,'''I have done serious roles in various films including 'Budget Padmanabhan,' 'Thaththi Thavudhu Manasu,' among others.''' ,'''I was, indeed, forced to take a break for two years. I was down with arthritis and hormonal imbalance. To add to my woes, I started putting on a lot of weight in no time.''' ,'''Like I already revealed, I once hit a director with a slipper.''' ,'''I don't know why I have been branded a glam doll.''' ,'''I play a tough cop in 'Very Good' and the role is quite similar to Dhaya Nayak, Mumbai's popular encounter specialist. I have made all efforts to fit the role.''' ,'''Even if I am paid in crores, I have no interest to venture to politics.''' ,'''In my forthcoming movie 'Jerry,' I play a funny character, where there is scope for me to perform. I hope people would appreciate my performance. Hence forth I would concentrate on doing variety of roles, rather than appearing in skimpy costumes.''' ,'''Keeping faith in my acting credentials, my mentor offered me a powerful role in 'Veerasaami,' which had scope for me to emote on the screen. Film-buffs have now welcomed my acting skills and appreciate me for my good performance.''' ,'''As an actress I knew I had to control my weight gain somehow as any director or producer would like to sign in a svelte actress.''' ,'''Films are my passion. I am here to act and entertain masses.''' ,'''Unfortunately, I was branded as a glamour actress and was forced to do only glamour roles.''' ,'''Politics is an unknown territory, which I will never venture.''' ,]
+++