+++
author = "Martie Maguire"
title = "Martie Maguire Quotes"
quotes_len = "97"
description = "the best 97 Martie Maguire Quotes"
keywords = "martie maguire,martie maguire quotes,martie maguire quote,martie maguire sayings,martie maguire saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm such an introvert.''' ,'''What I've learned and all of us have learned is: You can't force art, and there's no way you could force somebody to do something that they didn't want to do in this line of work.''' ,'''We grew up in the South, but in a very liberal household - both our parents are from the Northeast.''' ,'''I now recognize that having a great company behind you can actually impact your motivation to be more creative.''' ,'''You get your time in the limelight but you don't know how long it's going to last. It's great, but you have to put up with a lot.''' ,'''While we were promoting 'Wide Open Spaces,' we set aside time to write. We went on several writing retreats where nobody could get hold of us. It was the only way we could take a step back and reflect and write and be living a semi-normal life for a while.''' ,'''I want our fans to get their money's worth. If they are going to spend $40 to come to a show, it has to be good, from beginning to end. I like razzle-dazzle; we all do.''' ,'''Family comes first.''' ,'''We all know there are some major problems in the music industry. Every new act signs a bad deal.''' ,'''We're just trying to make good music.''' ,'''I neglected a lot of loving relationships to pursue this ultimate goal - success.''' ,'''We have to make a living and you can't do that playing bluegrass.''' ,'''I'd rather have a smaller following of really cool people who get it, who will grow with us as we grow and are fans for life, than people that have us in their five-disc changer with Reba McEntire and Toby Keith.''' ,'''I don't really enjoy singing lead.''' ,'''Our true fans won't go anywhere. Hopefully they will be open-minded towards how we are growing as musicians and as women.''' ,'''We want to make music, and we won't become jaded by the business aspect of what we do.''' ,'''I am a really passive person to begin with so I have written a lot of pretty crappy songs with strangers because I let it go in a direction that I didn't feel it should have and I didn't know them well enough to speak up.''' ,'''We came out of bluegrass, so we could play.''' ,'''We've played music all our lives.''' ,'''We've had a lot of controversy in our career, and it's never been intentional.''' ,'''I think there's a lot of things that need to be changed in the business.''' ,'''I couldn't imagine that my career could have contributed to the demise of my marriage, but I do think neither of us realized that when you spend 60 to 70 days a year face-to-face, no marriage is going to survive. No relationship is going to survive.''' ,'''I wouldn't have been in the mind-set to do another 'Fly.'''' ,'''So many times I've gone to hear bands and thought, 'Oh, I can't wait to be on that stage.'''' ,'''Especially after the Chicks' success, it's hard to think of starting over.''' ,'''Nobody has one band anymore. They've got two and three and four!''' ,'''I'm amazed when I hear my daughters with their friends. They'll just talk openly about, 'Yeah, he used to be a girl and now he's a boy.' It gives me a lot of hope... It's so matters of fact. It's like they're saying blue and yellow make green. I love that.''' ,'''When, no matter what you do, everybody's going to punch holes in it, then you just go and you do what you want. And that's the most freeing place to be.''' ,'''We were the ones that from the beginning said that 'Wide Open Spaces' was a hit. 'This is a hit, people are going to relate to it.'''' ,'''At the Grammys, how many performances were with women playing instruments? Is it still surprising that a female can play an instrument proficiently?''' ,'''My closet CD that I don't admit that I really listen to is Celine Dion. My husband's sister passed away in a car accident, and she was a huge Celine Dion fan. 'It's All Coming Back to Me Now' was her favorite song, so that's kind of my guilty pleasure.''' ,'''As an artist, your only way to battle your label if you have a discrepancy is to go to court. I don't understand why you can't both agree if you have an accounting problem to have a third party to assess the situation.''' ,'''The older I get the more laid back I am about whatever happens, happens.''' ,'''We don't mind if people think we've come from nowhere. Because once they've become fans, they'll delve deeper in and will be surprised to find we've been around awhile and that we've had a lot of experience doing this.''' ,'''We are a little out of the box.''' ,'''We do appreciate that we have a very conservative audience and we do try to walk the fine line of that and not offend anybody.''' ,'''I was just oblivious to the fact that the country scene was socially backward and politically opposite of everything I am.''' ,'''I connect better with music when I see the people singing it.''' ,'''I was born with great eyelashes. They just do what I want them to do.''' ,'''You can't just keep bottling the same thing over and over again and think the audience isn't going to catch on.''' ,'''We write constantly. It's nice to have more to pick from and we pitch songs to other artists, so it's not always songs for us.''' ,'''In the beginning, if you look at those early label albums of the Chicks, we didn't write all that much. We had an A&R person and they were getting songs from publishers, listening to hours and hours of cassette tapes.''' ,'''I'm such a worrier.''' ,'''When we were unknown, you don't get a lot of bad feedback. Now, we get people bad-mouthing us all the time, but it's all part of the game.''' ,'''Ever since I was a little girl music was my escape and it was something that I did and was a huge part of me; aside from what my grades were in school. It was something that was truly mine.''' ,'''Costumes are great. That kind of effort tells the audience that the performer has taken the time to be the total package.''' ,'''I think for a while, a lot of artists were doing great things that... were broadening the audience so that country was cool.''' ,'''It's not like we were setting out to make a political statement - we're just a band with opinions.''' ,'''Emmylou Harris is just the biggest influence of mine musically, her and Dolly Parton.''' ,'''I used to be a big 'Star Search' fan. I think it's great people who have a music dream have a place to showcase their talent.''' ,'''We started to overthink things in the Dixie Chicks and do things we thought people wanted us to do.''' ,'''If you're making $10 an hour and you're doing your job and you're doing it well and your check is consistently $8.75 an hour, who wouldn't stand up for themselves?''' ,'''I don't think any of us ever trusted Nashville. When you're in that town you know everybody is talking about everybody else. Everybody is wishing for the other guy to fail.''' ,'''Everyone has their own opinion about what should be on the radio and I think there's room for all different people.''' ,'''We're not going to change the world or the music business.''' ,'''So many young kids are fickle when it comes to music. There comes a time when you're not cool again.''' ,'''When I look back at some of the Chicks stuff, it's the early stuff we did where we kind of giggle and go, 'You know what? Those were the good old days.'''' ,'''I think people in the public eye have a problem - they can have security issues.''' ,'''When you get a record deal, you got to be pretty headstrong, know your direction.''' ,'''We didn't like the idea of Dixie Chick action figures. I mean that's just the kiss of death for a group. How could a hip teenager enjoy the Dixie Chicks while their little sister is playing with a Martie doll in the other room?''' ,'''I think our core fans have stayed true to us, and I want to thank them for staying with us.''' ,'''Lilith Fair was a great experience for us the first time we played it. We were... not a new band, but a new band as far as mainstream kind of airplay or success.''' ,'''Sometimes when our manager calls me and says certain things, we go, 'Oh God, we've gotta do that?'''' ,'''I love the tone of old, non-amplified, real acoustic fiddles, and Wood Violins are the closest thing I have found to that sound. They play beautifully!''' ,'''I would never go on 'Dancing With the Stars,' because I'm not the greatest dancer in the world. But when I watch 'The Apprentice' sometimes I'm like, 'I could do that task.' The only reason I would not do that is that I could never call people for money and on that show you have to be willing to call people for money.''' ,'''SXSW is all about the music and the collaboration.''' ,'''I play a little acoustic bass and a little guitar. In our house there are instruments everywhere, and I love picking them up and just noodling around. I pick up my husband's tin whistle sometimes. He's really proficient, but it's about the second most annoying instrument - after the banjo - if you don't know how to play it.''' ,'''Songwriting is such a personal thing and it's hard to be in a room with somebody you don't know and trust.''' ,'''The Court Yard Hounds aren't a threat to the Dixie Chicks.''' ,'''You know, I think it's something I want to teach my children, to ask questions and not be afraid to disagree with people in power. Always question, scrutinize everything they do, because they are leading the country, and it's important to me. That is patriotic.''' ,'''Even though we were selling more records than a lot of pop acts, we were being treated like the redheaded stepchildren.''' ,'''We love performing, we love touring.''' ,'''We want to embrace the younger crowds and get them to embrace instruments.''' ,'''Fifteen-year-old LeAnn Rimes singing about commitment? You want to go, 'Yeah, right.'''' ,'''I grew up going to bluegrass festivals, and there were performers who got on stage and didn't say much. They would stand there, stone-faced, picking. I could appreciate that, but it taught me that a little showmanship and some personality adds so much to a performance.''' ,'''I'd love my kids to get into music, but I want them to understand the commitment involved. I don't want them to look on 'American Idol' as the way to become famous.''' ,'''I love watching live music. It's one of the reasons I love living in Austin, Texas, because there is so much live music.''' ,'''Nothing is as important as standing up for what you believe in.''' ,'''I didn't realize how polarized an industry like music can be.''' ,'''We are bound to make mistakes.''' ,'''You've got to live your life first and do your job second.''' ,'''I'll be very content if I never play 'Devil Went Down to Georgia' again.''' ,'''We don't feel part of the country scene any longer, it can't be our home any more... So we now consider ourselves part of the big Rock 'n' Roll family.''' ,'''We spent three years of active trying before we went to IVF. First I went on Clomid. Then I had some dye tests and found I had a collapsed tube, so I had laparoscopic surgery; the tube wasn't blocked, just spasming.''' ,'''I feel like Court Yard Hounds keeps us idling. I think Emily and I function better when we're continually making music and playing, and this is a way to keep doing that.''' ,'''We were playing shows still when we wrote 'Phoebe' and 'Rock All Night.' We got to test those songs in a live setting, so it was nice recording them and knowing which ones really resonated with the crowd.''' ,'''Don't put celebrities up on this pedestal. We are human beings.''' ,'''I really have aproblem with the fact that insurance companies don't see infertility as a medical condition requiring coverage. I do want there to be some pressure on the insurance companies.''' ,'''I was concerned about being 40 and for my 40th birthday my wish was to go see Cher, and I got to meet her.''' ,'''We've never minded working hard.''' ,'''I just was raised always to question and be as informed as I can be.''' ,'''I don't mind talking about the Dixie Chicks, because I feel like it's still alive and kicking.''' ,'''It's such a strong drive for women, knowing you were meant to be a mom. We would have gone into debt, done whatever, exhausted all the options, to get there. But a lot of women have to give up on that dream because they can't afford it.''' ,'''Any time the Chicks want to play, that takes precedence, because we can make a lot of money.''' ,'''We have an older sister who gets pregnant easily. So Emily and I think there may be an environmental cause for our problems. Neither of us were very old when we started trying. But we've lived very parallel lives. We've been in a band together since I was 12 and she was 10. We can't help but wonder, did we stay in a hotel near a power plant?''' ,'''We used to be called the Dixie Chickens. Then we played at a barbecue place, and they had a sign saying, 'Featured Tonight: The Dixie Chickens,' and everybody started ordering it for dinner! So we shortened it.''' ,'''I think you first have to feel 100% comfortable with the person that you are with. I have written in sessions where I am just meeting the person for the first time and it is extremely difficult.''' ,]
+++