+++
author = "Robert Kraft"
title = "Robert Kraft Quotes"
quotes_len = "48"
description = "the best 48 Robert Kraft Quotes"
keywords = "robert kraft,robert kraft quotes,robert kraft quote,robert kraft sayings,robert kraft saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was graduating from college, the things I valued most were family, faith, and philanthropy. I refer to them as the three f's, phonetically speaking.''' ,'''Sometimes, life is unfair, and you have to suck it up and move on and not use it as an excuse.''' ,'''Out-working your competition is a lot easier to achieve if you're passionate about what you are doing.''' ,'''The game of football requires attention constantly. If you miss one play, you can miss a lot of action - unlike some other sports.''' ,'''To be honest, after the draft, I'm always excited.''' ,'''I really don't hold grudges. I mean, I remember everything, but I move on.''' ,'''The key to life, in my opinion, is to hang with good people, to have good people around you all the time because you're always going to have some people who will try and lead you in a certain place, and when the pressure comes on, you want real tough, solid people sitting next to you.''' ,'''If you're running businesses anywhere in the world, people who really do well are the people who have mental toughness.''' ,'''Leadership is about stepping up when it's the appropriate time and then making sure everyone knows that we're all on the same page.''' ,'''Whenever you can get a competitive, first-grade person to join your team, you never know what happens.''' ,'''If I've had any modicum of success, it's because I've had good relationships, and people trusted me.''' ,'''I'm a fan at heart.''' ,'''I'm driven by my passion - my family, my philanthropy, and the New England Patriots winning. That's my life.''' ,'''Envy and jealousy are incurable diseases.''' ,'''Working class people and lower income people we have to help more.''' ,'''If you want to win in this league, you need quality depth management, in the age of the salary cap.''' ,'''While I believe in second chances and giving players an opportunity for redemption, I also believe that playing in the NFL is a privilege, not a right.''' ,'''Dream a big dream, a bold dream. Don't play conservatively between the 40 yard lines. Don't just play it safe.''' ,'''After the love of my family, there's nothing more important to me than winning football games.''' ,'''I am not comfortable discussing politics publicly; I am very comfortable talking about my friendships with people who happen to be in politics.''' ,'''I try to stay very busy. I basically work seven days a week. I try to do new things, to meet new people.''' ,'''My job is to keep everyone together, strong big egos, and keep the peace in the family.''' ,'''People are tweeting, texting, and e-mailing - and not connecting. There are very few ways for communities to come together. It happens at concerts and at sporting events.''' ,'''A lot of people have their big dreams and get knocked down and don't have things go their way. And you never give up hope, and you really just hold on to it. Hard work and perserverance. You just keep getting up and getting up, and then you get that breakthrough.''' ,'''I realize that my worst day is pretty good.''' ,'''I'm a pretty strong person.''' ,'''I think we're living in a world where there are no boundaries anymore. There are no borders.''' ,'''Hang out with good people, do good things, and always put the team first.''' ,'''I like making money, but it's a scorecard. I'm not driven by that.''' ,'''Leadership is about having the courage to go against the advice of the so-called experts and doing what your instinct tells you is right.''' ,'''Anyone who starts piercing the bubble of happiness, get 'em out of your life.''' ,'''When you do well, everybody's after you, and sometimes the motives are legitimate, and sometimes it's envy and jealousy.''' ,'''I came into the league in '94.''' ,'''I'm blessed with four great children and eight grandchildren.''' ,'''Loyalty and friendship trumps politics for me.''' ,'''I'm not a Starbucks guy. I'm a Dunkin Donuts guy, but I like to pay for the coffee of the other folks behind me in line. It typically costs me less than $10, and makes the other people feel good, but more importantly, it makes me feel so good, and random acts of kindness change the world one person at a time.''' ,'''No one's going to feel sorry for me because I've been so blessed.''' ,'''It's not the great stars that win; it's the great teams that win. It's the teams that subjugate their ego to the team and put the team first.''' ,'''You don't have to wait for a tragedy to occur to rush to help those in need.''' ,'''I'm passionate about owning a football team in my hometown.''' ,'''I like to get in a battle I can win.''' ,'''To be successful in football, you have to do things that put the team first. Everyone has to play their role, and if they don't do it, you're not going to win.''' ,'''I try to hire good people and let them do their job and don't question how they do things.''' ,'''If you choose to do things that you are passionate about, you will not only do them better, but most importantly, you'll be a significantly happier person.''' ,'''Tom Brady is a person of great integrity and is a great ambassador of the game both on and off the field.''' ,'''That whole concept of team and teamwork and team first - that's how Israel, in my opinion, has survived in the Middle East.''' ,'''I tell you, I would never sit in judgment of anyone as long as they're good folks. I would never judge their life, because it's important to know their feelings.''' ,'''One of my beliefs about leadership is it's not how many followers you have, but how many people you have with different opinions that you can bring together and try to be a good listener.''' ,]
+++