+++
author = "Dana White"
title = "Dana White Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Dana White Quotes"
keywords = "dana white,dana white quotes,dana white quote,dana white sayings,dana white saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The amount of negativity I hear on a daily basis is unbelievable. But that's the kind of stuff you have to tune out, focus, stick with your vision and keep plugging every day.''' ,'''Listen, everybody thinks I'm a Republican, but I'm not a Republican.''' ,'''I like most of the guys in the sport. They're my friends. We're not going to mistreat the fighters. I wouldn't mistreat a friend and so I won't mistreat my fighters.''' ,'''The UFC brand is going to be here for a long time.''' ,'''People try to compete with the UFC but we're the best at what we do.''' ,'''When there's millions of dollars at stake, everybody is going to look for an advantage.''' ,'''If a rating is bad in another sport, do you see a writer say, 'This sport's over?' No.''' ,'''Ronda Rousey is a huge star.''' ,'''I genuinely love this sport and most of the guys who compete in it.''' ,'''When you have a concept and a sport like this, you have to have a vision.''' ,'''You'll never hear me say a negative thing about Donald Trump.''' ,'''Ever since I've been on Twitter, my number of followers has kept going up and up.''' ,'''I do everything through Twitter, YouTube or the Internet somehow.''' ,'''Am I a little rough around the edges? Do I say things that people don't like sometimes? Do I swear a lot? Yes, yes, yes. Life's hard, man.''' ,'''We put on fights between the best fighters; we don't put on freak shows.''' ,'''Everything that ever happened to me in my career, Trump was the first guy to pick up the phone and reach out to me.''' ,'''If you get into something that you're passionate about, and if you really believe in it, you gotta get up every day and fight.''' ,'''Boxing is very one dimensional. You can hit to the head, you can hit to the body. As soon as two guys get into a clinch, you're separated.''' ,'''I was a bellman - a great hotel, five-star hotel in Boston. I made great money. I made cash every day. I had good benefits. We had 401k. All the things you could ask for in a great job, I had. You know what I didn't have? I hated my job.''' ,'''The thing where I've always been lucky is, I knew exactly what I wanted to do.''' ,'''I saw 'Boogie Nights' more times before the movie came out than any other movie I had ever seen.''' ,'''As far as women fighting in MMA, I don't like it when the division isn't deep. I don't like to see a woman who's so much better than everybody else smashing other women. That's tough to watch.''' ,'''I live a pretty crazy lifestyle.''' ,'''Kimbo Slice the man, you watch the YouTube videos of this guy in backyards, and they start fighting and you think this guy's a thug. You think he's a bad guy, you have this perception of him and then you meet him, it isn't true. It's the exact opposite. He's a really good guy.''' ,'''I like guys to stay at their weight classes and dominate. I don't want guys moving up and down.''' ,'''I tried to go to college, I barely got out of high school.''' ,'''I'm not homophobic and I'm not anti-gay.''' ,'''I'm nice to everybody, I respect other people. If you respect me, I respect you.''' ,'''I love doing things that people say can't be done.''' ,'''One thing I can't prove, but I firmly believe is that two men were put on this earth - one threw a punch and a third guy came over and watched. And that happened before anybody ever threw or kicked a ball.''' ,'''With my fighters, there's no excuses like, 'Hey, listen, he's a dumb guy. Came from the mean streets of somewhere. He's just not all that bright.' These are educated guys, most of them went to college, they have families, children, etc. These are smart, rational people I'm dealing with.''' ,'''Listen, I've been wrong before, and I'll be wrong again.''' ,'''I've had a great relationship with Fox since Day 1. Fox was the network that I wanted to be on.''' ,'''One of my big philosophies is that fighting is the sport that crosses all borders. I don't care what color you are, what country you come from or what language you speak, fighting is in our DNA. We get it and we like it.''' ,'''We're all entitled to make mistakes. I'm not one of these guys where if you make a mistake, I'm gonna try to tear your life down and burn it to the ground.''' ,'''Nevada is a very scary place. This is the worst commission on the planet. I am afraid to bring fights to Las Vegas.''' ,'''There will never be a fighters' union. Ever.''' ,'''As long as we have enough fighters and fight cards to keep everybody fighting three times a year, that's where I want our roster to be.''' ,'''It's unbelievable how good Jon Jones really is. It's the minute he steps out of the octagon, you never know what's going to happen.''' ,'''You always think as an organization, obviously if you're in sports, you want to be with ESPN. ESPN is it. But you don't really realize how good ESPN is and how big their platform really is until you're in it.''' ,'''The reality is this: Fighting isn't a team sport; it's an individual's sport.''' ,'''At the end of the day, when you're dealing with heavyweights who can punch, anything is possible. When you've got a big heavyweight who has knockout power, anything's possible.''' ,'''The most famous athletes throughout the history of time are fighters.''' ,'''The absolute worst part of my job is having to cut people. I have to cut people after every show, that's just how it goes. But I don't judge you on wins and losses. What I do care about is a great fight.''' ,'''Anything can be changed. Anything can be fixed. Things that are broken can be fixed. And you don't have to be some billionaire or millionaire to do it. You just have to be a person with a vision and the passion to do it, and be willing to fight for it every day.''' ,'''I think Cormier's one of the greatest to ever do it. Two-time, two-division world champion.''' ,'''You can't force fighters to fight.''' ,'''We want to build this sport all over the world and it absolutely, positively works in the U.K.''' ,'''The fighters in the UFC are treated very well.''' ,'''I don't dislike Matt Lindland. I didn't blackball him from the UFC, either. Matt Lindland is a good guy and I've never had a personal issue with him.''' ,'''We make dream fights all the time.''' ,'''Chuck Liddell loves to fight. That's his passion. That's what he loves in life. But there comes a day and age - fighting is a young man's game.''' ,'''If somebody doesn't want to show up for a press conference I'll pull them from the card.''' ,'''Any new thing that comes out with the ability to enhance our show or my ability to communicate with fans and give people more behind-the-scenes access, you know we'll be all over it.''' ,'''I'm not a political guy at all, not even a little bit.''' ,'''Really, the way to learn jiu-jitsu is to do it. If you do jiu-jitsu you get it and you learn it.''' ,'''Let me tell you what, reality is better than any script you could ever write.''' ,'''I'm a firm believer in... just because these guys are professional athletes or whatever, everybody's going to have an opinion on something, and not everybody's going to get along. I've had my words with fans on Twitter too.''' ,'''As an American, you can do whatever you want to do, and you can choose whatever side you want to be on.''' ,'''I'm a weirdo.''' ,'''There's a little bit of me that's Republican, and there's a little bit of me that's Democratic. I believe in taking care of people that don't have, I believe in taking care of the planet, you know, all that type of stuff.''' ,'''Kimbo Slice sucks. He's terrible.''' ,'''I love talking directly to the fans.''' ,'''I used to laugh at MMA and say 'do you know what a boxer would do to an MMA guy?' and then I got educated on the truth.''' ,'''I like to have my Pinkberry. I have this one store in midtown Manhattan that will stay open for me late.''' ,'''I'm a loyal person, man, and people who have been good to me in my life, I don't forget and I stand by them.''' ,'''I've been in the fight business my whole life. I know fighters.''' ,'''I'm a huge Ronda Rousey fan. She's extremely talented. What I like most about her is she's mean and nasty.''' ,'''I hate Showtime, I can't stand those guys.''' ,'''When Georges St-Pierre goes away, what's going to happen to the UFC? Uh-oh, when Anderson Silva is gone, what's going to happen?' The answer is: Yes, there are other stars.''' ,'''I swear to God, if my kids, when they're 18, if they come to me and say, 'Dad, I love pumping gas. I love getting up in the morning, I love grabbing the handle, I love the smell of the gas station,' I'd say, 'Go for it,' because if you love it that much at 18, he's probably going to end up owning 25 gas stations by the time he's 30.''' ,'''I have the vision for where the sport is gonna go and what we're gonna do and the different types of fights.''' ,'''We're going to continue to go into markets that we've never been in, continue to grow the sport, continue to cultivate talent and the whole landscape of television is changing and I feel like we're ahead of the curve on that, too.''' ,'''Different people respond differently to head trauma than others.''' ,'''All you've ever seen in the UFC was the greatest athletes in the world. Never, ever did we do a freakshow and we won't.''' ,'''There are things that some Democrats say I agree with and some things that I disagree with. And it's the same with the Republicans.''' ,'''I'd rather have too many good guys than not enough. It's a nice problem. They sort themselves out because when guys fight each other, they determine who deserves the title shot, not me.''' ,'''Whoever you are, this is America. You can believe or do whatever you want.''' ,'''I love this sport. I love the fights and I love most of the guys in it.''' ,'''Nothing comes easy. Success doesn't just drop on your lap. You have to go out and fight for it every day.''' ,'''Conor McGregor has that fight anybody, anywhere attitude but doesn't just have the attitude, he lives it.''' ,'''I treat people and I deal with my fighters and I deal with the fans like a real person. I don't come out and read canned statements written by our lawyers.''' ,'''If you're not that big pay-per-view star, shut up and fight.''' ,'''This country has been very good to us, every time we have a fight in the UFC it's incredible here in Australia and we want to go everywhere. We want to travel everywhere and continue to do fights all over the country.''' ,'''There's plenty of people I don't like that we put fights on with. It's not up to me whether I like them or dislike them, it's what the fans want to see.''' ,'''Since the beginning of time people have said mean things to each other in a fight, no matter what.''' ,'''Outdoor stadiums scare me to death.''' ,'''When you talk about somebody being your world champion, you couldn't ask for a better human being than Daniel Cormier.''' ,'''Look at what George Foreman did to Michael Moorer. No matter his age, he hits so hard that he's always in a fight.''' ,'''I never have the plan to overtake boxing. I love boxing; I came from boxing.''' ,'''The thing about Twitter is it goes directly to your phone like I sent you a text. It's so powerful, it's unbelievable.''' ,'''Whether boxing is fixable or not remains to be seen. I'm going to give it a shot.''' ,'''Look, people have been filming fights since the beginning of time.''' ,'''It's not like I'm going to go out and change the world and convert everyone into MMA fans. There's going to be fans out there who are fans of combat sports and fans of contact sports but not everybody's going to be converted.''' ,'''I love to win.''' ,'''We bought the UFC when not only was it a bankrupt company that was going under, it had a horrible stigma attached to it. This thing was so bad it was not allowed on pay-per-view.''' ,'''I like Mark Hunt and I've always said good things about Mark Hunt. He goes a little bit off the rails every now and again, but I've never done anything but respect Mark Hunt.''' ,'''Everyone has jitters in their first fight.''' ,'''There's only so many things you can do with fights, so I'm always trying to shake it up and find something different, new, exciting and fun.''' ,'''It used to be that we weren't even allowed on TV or pay-per-view, so we always spoke to our fans through the Internet.''' ,]
+++