+++
author = "Kaetlyn Osmond"
title = "Kaetlyn Osmond Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Kaetlyn Osmond Quotes"
keywords = "kaetlyn osmond,kaetlyn osmond quotes,kaetlyn osmond quote,kaetlyn osmond sayings,kaetlyn osmond saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you think of a teenager, you think of hanging out with friends a lot or going to a full-time school. On the weekends, my friends are staying up until, like, one in the morning, and then there's me fighting to stay up until eight.''' ,'''On the ice, I feel like I can become a different person, and the darker dramatics, the Black Swan, is confident: she's free to do whatever she wants, and that attitude helps in my skating. The White Swan is, I feel, more what I'm actually like off the ice: I'm a lot quieter, and if someone tells me to do something, I'll just do it.''' ,'''I love teaching the younger skaters.''' ,'''To pursue anything, you've got to have fun with it and to just never give up on it.''' ,'''I want each experience on the ice to be everything I have.''' ,'''To be able to stand on the podium and see one Canadian flag raised is one thing, but to see two, it feels like you're not alone.''' ,'''I'm more thoughtful and aware of how my body feels. I've learned the difference of what is just sore from a hard workout or what's sore from a possible injury.''' ,'''I work with a team of coaches and trainers to make me feel like I am not alone out on the ice.''' ,'''Living in Edmonton feels so calm, but there is still so much to experience. I know I can find something to do if I want to have fun.''' ,'''I love the classic side of skating, making it look like a full program and not just technical based.''' ,'''I knew that things were going to hurt. I knew that things weren't always going to be perfect. But I could trust that I could make it through it.''' ,'''I need to motivate myself to work hard because only I can skate my program.''' ,'''Ever since I was a little kid, I loved being the centre of attention. I think it's part of the reason why I loved skating. You're literally in a fishbowl. You're in the middle of the ice by yourself, and the world is watching.''' ,'''Ultimately, for me, weight is something I have to deal with every year, but I do it with food because I love food. But it's a struggle; it's something that I think about.''' ,'''I don't have many hobbies outside of skating. But I do read, watch TV, play with my animals, and try to hang out with my friends every now and then.''' ,'''I was such a goofy kid that, when I won things, people were like, 'Oh, when did that happen?'''' ,'''I aim to skate as clean as possible.''' ,'''I started skating when I was 2 years old because of my older sister Natasha was a skater, and I wanted to be just like her!''' ,'''When I saw the movie 'Black Swan,' I liked the darker aspect of it, the more dramatics, and that's what I like to do for my programs.''' ,''''Swan Lake' was my favourite piece of music when I was younger, and I never had a chance to skate to it.''' ,'''When I broke my leg, I never thought I'd ever be skating again let alone be standing on a world podium. I had to relearn how to skate, relearn how to even stand on one foot again. I had to relearn all my technique.''' ,'''I never dreamt of the Olympics growing up. It's not something that I watched on TV; it's not something my parents ever talked about.''' ,'''I know sometimes in the off-season I have to motivate myself to get on the ice because I know there's so long until the competitions begin again.''' ,'''I knew my body could take the battle of everyday training and take the battle of falls and bending in ways that bodies really shouldn't bend.''' ,'''Nothing would have been accomplished if I didn't start in Newfoundland.''' ,'''A dream can be what wakes you up in the morning and keeps you going every day, whether things are going great or not. You have that dream; you have that passion inside you that you keep pushing forward.''' ,'''Skating is really hard, especially women's skating where we're judged in little tiny dresses.''' ,'''Marystown, in Newfoundland, it's where began for me. It's where most of my family still lives and where a lot of my supporters are from.''' ,'''The way I balance life and skating is by enjoying the time I spend away from the rink. When I am not on the ice, I am not focusing on skating.''' ,'''Figure skating is such an individual sport, but to have a teammate on the podium with you is unbelievable.''' ,]
+++