+++
author = "Terence Crawford"
title = "Terence Crawford Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Terence Crawford Quotes"
keywords = "terence crawford,terence crawford quotes,terence crawford quote,terence crawford sayings,terence crawford saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I learned patience. I'm not a real patient guy, but with me trusting in my coach, my managers and my team, I just trust the process and just continue to stay patient and just follow suit.''' ,'''My job is to go in there and fight who is in front of me.''' ,'''I believe I'm a pretty good fighter and have accomplished more than Lomachenko.''' ,'''I feel like I get better every fight.''' ,'''I pride myself on being unique in my own right. I wanted to be myself.''' ,'''I'm a fighter. I'm not a promoter and I'm not a manager so I leave that up to my manager and my promoter and I just fight.''' ,'''I need that 147-pound belt.''' ,'''I always knew I could fight.''' ,'''I want the big fights.''' ,'''I don't ever think about, 'Aw, man, my legacy. My legacy this.' No, I just want to fight the best fights out there to fight just to prove to the world that I'm the best fighter in the world.''' ,'''Where I come from we believe in an eye for an eye. That's what we do. That's just the way it is.''' ,'''I am a fighter and I will fight anybody.''' ,'''No question Pacquiao is someone I would like to fight. But if it's not in front of me, then I am really not worried about it.''' ,'''I'm just ready to go out there and prove to everybody that I'm not as small as everybody says I am.''' ,'''I'm not worried about what the critics say, or how they feel I should go with my career.''' ,'''I been making history for Omaha, Nebraska, since I started boxing professional, and it just keeps going and going and going.''' ,'''I feel like me fighting Pacquiao and beating him would boost my career higher than its ever gonna go.''' ,'''Who's on my radar? I don't have a radar. I always look at myself as a top athlete. They come after me. I don't go after them because I'm where they want to be.''' ,'''At the end of the day, when all the fighting stops and when everybody stops shouting your name, you've still got to be yourself and I feel I am.''' ,'''Anyone who has seen my fights knows I'm going to put on an exciting performance and give you your money's worth.''' ,'''I don't worry about none of that stuff. All I care about is fighting. I really don't care about the pound-for-pound list. I just care about winning.''' ,'''I don't even want to fight Pacquiao now because Pacquiao fought Jessie Vargas, Chris Algieri, Jeff Horn... They were talking that Terence Crawford wasn't a worthy enough name for Pacquiao. Why are those guys worthy when a fight with me and him would've been bigger than any of those?''' ,'''This is not a sport for me - I live boxing. I've been boxing since I was seven years old.''' ,'''No matter what the circumstances are, we the fighters need to speak up and make it be known we want to fight each other. We go to our promoters and managers and tell them to get it done because at the end of the day, we're the ones fighting, the ones making them the money.''' ,'''I can box, I can bang, I can switch, I can punch, I'm not slow.''' ,'''I'll fight anybody. I've been saying that for I don't know how long.''' ,'''There's always going to be people who will criticize my performance. Sometimes, it gets irritating. Sometimes I just brush it off and say these people don't know what they are talking about.''' ,'''I told Gamboa he picked the wrong fighter and the wrong city, and I was right. I never felt any danger in the fight.''' ,'''I always have the ability to believe in myself when nobody else does.''' ,'''Andre Ward, he's one of my favorite fighters.''' ,'''I have nothing bad to say about Lomachenko. He's going to do well in the sport.''' ,'''I just want people to respect me for my talent, the skills I have and my willingness to face anybody.''' ,'''I have a lot of family members and friends that depend on me.''' ,'''A lot of people try to take away the things I have done and try to give other people credit for the things they have done and won't give me the same amount of credit in the ring for doing the same things or more.''' ,'''Boxing is a dangerous, cruel sport. I love the sport, but I don't want to see my kids in the ring, potentially being hurt, with me not being able to do nothing to help them.''' ,'''If I see a fan talking down on my resume or another fighter, it just motivates me to go out there and prove them wrong and fight the fighters that they say will beat me or that will give me trouble in the ring. They ain't going to never really give you no credit, no matter what you do.''' ,'''It's always special to fight.''' ,'''I just stick to what I know, boxing.''' ,'''I feel confident matching up with anybody.''' ,'''I don't want to keep talking about my upbringing because people always resort to the past and what happened when I was younger.''' ,'''I have cleared the eyeball test and still haven't gotten my just due. That drives me to become more and more successful because of the lack of everything they have been giving me.''' ,'''I was undisputed. I never got my titles took. I vacated them.''' ,'''I showed that I can not get frustrated, that I could come from behind, that I can trade, if need-be.''' ,'''I'd take bits and pieces from a fighter, if I liked what they did, and I'd put it in my arsenal. I never wanted to fight like or be like any other fighter. I wanted a style that was unique for me.''' ,'''As a kid, my temper was on Cloud 10. Anything you say, I would just jump on you, you know?''' ,'''It's always been my goal to fight the best fighters out there, and I look at Amir Khan as one of the top fighters in my division.''' ,'''When everybody asked me when they were going to see more out of Terence Crawford, I always told them, 'Just put me in there with somebody.'''' ,'''I just want to leave a mark on the sport of boxing so people talk about me like they talk about the other great champions before me. That's my goal before I retire.''' ,'''When you get your name out there in Las Vegas and New York, that boosts your brand even more.''' ,'''As soon as I put on gloves, I knew. I felt heart and determination. It's in you, not on you. I just loved to fight and I knew that it was going to take me where I needed to go. I never had any doubt.''' ,'''You never know what the future might hold.''' ,'''Each training camp I take a dog with me, when I'm running I take the dog with me. It gives me that extra inspiration and push.''' ,'''I don't want my kids to box - no way.''' ,'''When I do nice things for people it just feels so natural. I have a big heart.''' ,'''Everybody has those certain fighters they follow and that they really put on a high pedestal. They want to give the most shine that they possibly can. They look for any reason to break down a fighter's performance to when it isn't their favorite fighter in any positive thought.''' ,'''Amir Khan is a great fighter, I have a lot of respect for him.''' ,'''I done got hit with a belt, a toy, a stick, extension cord, a switch off a tree, whatever. At the same time, my pain tolerance went up... It came to the point where it built toughness... Yeah, it hurt, but I wasn't scared. I knew what was coming. Wasn't nothing I wasn't prepared for.''' ,'''God blessed me with the talent I've been blessed with.''' ,'''Mayweather's got a lot of fans.''' ,'''When I got shot, it changed my life tremendously, and put me on the right path. And that's when everything started happening there for me with boxing and my family and just everything. My life just took a big turn and started going uphill.''' ,'''I train really hard for each and every fight. I never take anyone lightly.''' ,'''My mum has a lot of pain in her heart to where love is pain for her. But I teach my kids love is beautiful.''' ,'''This is boxing, everybody fights everybody.''' ,'''I had to fight those type of fights which were high risk, low reward and at the start, I never could get the fights I really wanted.''' ,'''I showed that I could be a crowd-pleaser.''' ,'''I want to talk about how great of a father I am. How I never miss any of my kids' wrestling tournaments or big events like birthdays or holidays. I'm always there for anything to do with my kids.''' ,'''I showed that I can keep my mind focused.''' ,'''It takes two people to fight, and it takes two companies to sit down and figure it out and decide what network we're going to fight on, where we're going to fight, what the purses are going to be.''' ,'''Man. I've been through a lot as a kid. But at the same time that upbringing just made me stronger and made me more determined to make it out of where I made it out from and just fight extra hard to not go back.''' ,'''I want the biggest fights possible. If guys don't want to fight me, then I can't get them. But it's not on me.''' ,'''I never put it to where I say, 'I'm just this big pay-per-view star,' or 'I wanna be the No. 1 pay-per-view star that got all the ratings.' No, I was just like, 'I'm gonna be a world champion. That's what I'm gonna be.'''' ,'''My name itself is huge in Omaha. That's not a target I need to focus on because we know we can sell out.''' ,'''A lot of people were wondering how I'd perform against a big, tall, rugged fighter like Jeff Horn. I think I handled it with an A-plus.''' ,'''You think we got it bad in Omaha, or in any city in the United States, and then you go to a different country and you see how bad they got it. You give those people a balloon and they'll cherish it like you gave them a chunk of gold.''' ,'''When you start boxing when you're 7 years old, that's your dream, to become world champion, and after that you want to become something bigger than world champion.''' ,'''When you fight a shorter fighter, you attack with uppercuts.''' ,'''I used to stay getting in fights.''' ,'''I'm the best fighter in the division and I'm always willing to prove it.''' ,'''Pacquiao earned the right to go out how he wants to go out. He had fought everybody there is to fight - when they was there to fight. He fought all the top names. Eight-division champion. He accomplished everything there is to do in the sport of boxing.''' ,'''I just have to focus on what I can do and keep making a living and keeping my name up there as the best pound-for-pound fighter.''' ,'''I was never the person to try and be the centre of attention or to talk a lot. I was always the person who, if you say something, I'd just punch you in your face. For real.''' ,'''I never had the opportunity to run up and hug my mom and tell her 'I love you,' and she tells me she loves me and hugs me back. I would want her to come to my fights and support me, but it never would happen.''' ,'''Whenever my kids have a tournament, or something going on, I make it a point to make sure I'm there for them every step of the way. That's real important to me.''' ,'''Viktor Postol is a great champion and he was dodged for a reason, but I ain't the type to duck and dodge anyone.''' ,'''I'm so Omaha that I wear 'OMAHA' on my trunks.''' ,'''People will be the judge. They can rate the fights when I win.''' ,'''The kids are our future.''' ,'''I showed that I can fight without boxing, that I can take a punch.''' ,'''I completely put all my time and effort into my kids and once I stepped foot in the ring, that's who I fight for. And that's who I work extra hard for when I'm tired, to feed my family and to make sure that they are going to be alright after boxing.''' ,'''My first goal was to become world champion and I did that against Ricky Burns at 135. Once I conquered that, I set myself another goal and another goal.''' ,'''I feel like I'm a great fighter and have been proving it over and over again, running through all types of fighters, and I've passed every test with flying colors.''' ,'''I thank God for blessing me with the tools that he blessed me with to be where I am.''' ,'''As I got older I learned how to control my temper a little more. Boxing helped me a lot and most definitely when I had my first child it helped me tremendously.''' ,'''You've got to remember where you come from.''' ,'''My goal is to get all these fighters that everybody say I'm running from inside the ring with me.''' ,'''I don't take anything for granted.''' ,'''I just want to keep being successful.''' ,'''I need those meaningful fights, the fights that everyone wants to see. That would help my legacy a long way.''' ,'''I felt like I've accomplished a lot in the boxing world that a lot of people don't give me credit for. But it's life. I don't trip over it.''' ,]
+++