+++
author = "Jamie Blackley"
title = "Jamie Blackley Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Jamie Blackley Quotes"
keywords = "jamie blackley,jamie blackley quotes,jamie blackley quote,jamie blackley sayings,jamie blackley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wear girls' jeans because I've got girl legs.''' ,'''I like 'The Fault in Our Stars.' I thought those two guys did a really, really good job. The movie obviously did really, really well.''' ,'''I don't know if I do anything to get into character: I just go with my gut.''' ,'''I have a tattoo of Joy Division on my chest, and I like One Direction.''' ,'''I don't go to a lot of shows. If you go to too many shows, then it doesn't become a special thing. Whenever I've been to a concert, it has been such a cool experience.''' ,'''I've always wanted to go New York.''' ,'''I play a lot of football, watch a lot of football, and think about football.''' ,'''I like dates that are really fun as opposed to just getting dinner.''' ,'''In England, we're around so much American culture and TV anyway, so it's an accent that's always in our ear.''' ,'''I do play the guitar, but I do it for fun. And I am terrible at writing music as well. I have tried and failed, horribly.''' ,'''I started off in musical theater, yeah. It was one of my first jobs; it was in Spring Awakening in London, which was amazing.''' ,'''I've always been a skinny man.''' ,'''I've played the guitar since I was 12, and just taught myself songs chord by chord.''' ,'''If I wasn't acting, I'd try and be a footballer. I wouldn't be a musician because I can't write my own music. Realistically, I'd probably do something with dogs, like a vet or something. I love animals.''' ,'''I wear girls' jeans, a lot of black, and I wear a lot of jewelry. I'm a wacky person!''' ,]
+++