+++
author = "Kyle"
title = "Kyle Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Kyle Quotes"
keywords = "kyle,kyle quotes,kyle quote,kyle sayings,kyle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I look at old performers like James Brown: back in the day when you actually had to work hard to get poppin'. I look at all those types of performers. Even like Kid n' Play and the Fresh Prince and Jazzy Jeff and Salt-N-Pepa. That era where they had to perform. You couldn't just rap. It had to be an entire performance.''' ,'''It's not about being happy 100 percent all the time, cause that's just life. I make sad songs, too, that really only make the happy songs better.''' ,'''The most powerful, most insightful, and most important part of my music is honesty and inclusiveness with my fans - giving them as deep a story as I can give them.''' ,'''Growing up a good person, it's a lot harder than you'd think.''' ,'''I grew up really kind of mixed up. I lived with my white grandparents and mom and got made fun of a lot because I talked like her.''' ,'''I would want people to be their own superheroes, save their own days, know that nobody else is gonna do it for you. You have to pick yourself up out of your dark moment; you gotta be your own source of light, just like I was for me.''' ,'''When you roast yourself, it makes everybody else comfortable.''' ,'''I've always wanted to do acting.''' ,'''I've been compared to Drake before and Kid Cudi.''' ,'''What is a hit? Who can tell? Who decides what a hit sounds like? I needed to remind myself that a hit is whatever people decide is a hit. I don't make hits; I make music. People make hits.''' ,'''When I hear a beat that makes me want to tell a story, then that's what I'm going to say.''' ,'''I'll always have my fan base. I know my actual fans are rockin' with me even when my haircut was messed up. They're never gonna leave.''' ,'''I just want to reach a point where I have an opportunity to impact the entire world with one song.''' ,'''I always been writing songs since I was, like, six. I was listening to Dean Martin, Frank Sinatra, and Frankie Laine and people like that. I was just in the backyard writing songs.''' ,'''I'm a drama kid at heart. That is definitely where my heart and soul is. I did 'Hairspray' in high school - I was Seaweed.''' ,'''Yachty is a genius.''' ,'''My favorite rapper of all time is Jadakiss - hands down, no question.''' ,'''I want to make an impact on people. Like John Lennon writing 'Imagine,' a song that changes an entire generation of people.''' ,'''I did have a speech impediment.''' ,'''When you start making music, you start making music at a young age, and for me, I just thought, like, 'Ahh, once you make it, all your problems will be solved, and everything will be fine.'''' ,'''My style has been compared to someone probably like the Fresh Prince.''' ,'''I knew that 'Nothing to Lose' wasn't gonna probably go off the same way numbers-wise like 'iSpy,' but 'Nothing to Lose' was more like a statement record for me.''' ,'''I played football. I was pretty bad at that.''' ,'''I'm not ever going to - ever going to be able to put on chains and become the Migos.''' ,'''I feel like one of my strengths is writing about stories that are unique to me but somehow relate with everyone, and the one thing I've found is that if you make a song wholly unique to you, then you don't have to compete with everybody, because nobody else can make a song like you.''' ,'''The Kyle who made 'Smyle' honestly has a little more conflict in his life. He has a little more weight on his shoulders. He feels like he has to make an album about something. It's a Kyle with duty, with a plan, with a responsibility.''' ,'''Kodak is hard. 'No Flockin' is an amazing song.''' ,'''I like being funny; I like laughing with people.''' ,'''I always wanted to do magic tricks - I feel like that could be the the next wave.''' ,'''I've always wanted to make people feel better or feel alright or feel comfortable or not threatened and feel OK in their own skin.''' ,'''Even if I told my mom I wanted to be a clown or live in the forest, she would be down.''' ,'''We really have the power to illuminate all negative things in our life, but we have to find that light source inside of us and really tap in with it and reconnect with it.''' ,'''Randomly enough, all of my favorite rappers growing up were East Coast rappers. I don't know. I just related to them a little more at first - because if you're born in L.A., and you lived there your whole life, Snoop Dogg literally sounds like cars driving by. You feel me? You hear Snoop Dogg so much.''' ,'''I never had a plan B; I would walk around with my head up in the clouds like, 'I'm going to be a famous singer/rapper person one day.'''' ,'''My relationship with my father is fine. Every relationship has its ups and downs because bad things happen in all relationships. But for me, I can only write about what I'm feeling in the moment and something that actually happened to me.''' ,'''I really love 'Mr. Rager.' I know the first album is incredible, but my favorite Kid Cudi album is the second one.''' ,'''Big Sean could get on a verse with anybody and probably annihilate them.''' ,'''The name 'Light of Mine' came from how the album was conceived and what its purpose was in telling my story. I started making it at a time when I was, more or less, in a darker place than usual.''' ,'''It's important to reassure people that everything is going to be all right.''' ,'''I've always been such an album-driven artist that I never really stopped to think about how cool it would be to just have one really big song.''' ,'''I'm afraid of the dark.''' ,'''My family loves Mark McGwire.''' ,'''At some point, I had to ignore what people thought of me. I had to be my own biggest fan from an early age. Once I learned that, it was like a superpower. That was the armor that got me through high school.''' ,'''For me, I feel like the most important part of music is the storytelling behind it, and that's my favorite; that's what makes my favorite artists my favorite artists, having the story that I relate to the most and that helps me the most.''' ,'''I always tried to pride myself on my versatility - I can't just be the 'iSpy' guy.''' ,'''My momma will roast my friends all of the time. If you're one of my friends, and you meet my mom for the first time, she will definitely roast you in a polite way. It's just to test your bars.''' ,'''I think about love being so important because, to me, that's the reason we were put on Earth. Love, in a sense, is God to me.''' ,'''I wanna make music that helps people.''' ,'''Shooting a music video sometimes can be a job.''' ,'''When you're the cool guy, you don't know how to take people not liking you. I've already been there, done that.''' ,'''I really like blending two things together that are polar opposites. Because I feel like, in a large aspect, that's kinda like what I am.''' ,'''I need to get as deep as I can into my own heart to really make people connect and react to the music as passionate as possible.''' ,'''All I can do with my music is try and be a light for people who are in a dark time.''' ,'''Pete Rock, CL Smooth, all this East Coast stuff - that's kind of, like, the rappers I first admired. I wanna rap just like them because I just thought they were so hard. I thought their delivery was so crazy.''' ,'''I try to make things as versatile as possible. Usually, you have to listen to one artist for a certain vibe and another artist to catch the next vibe. I want to make an album that has all of that in there.''' ,'''That was everything to me as a kid. When I'd see someone on MTV, it was like, 'Wow, they're the real deal.'''' ,'''Most people have perceived my brand and my personality as this guy that just is so happy, he has no cares in the world.''' ,'''I think love is, by far, the strongest force in the entire universe. Love is so strong, it'll make you do something that, in any other circumstance, you would never do.''' ,'''I ran track, and I was really good at it. I was really fast.''' ,'''There's nobody taller and cooler than Will Smith. He's the coolest tall person, so I'm trying to be like that.''' ,'''I had the type of family who would tell all their kids, 'You're going to be president.'''' ,'''You never know how many people are compassionate about something, especially when it's not happening to you. You just hope somebody's out there helping.''' ,'''I feel like what's important is to interact with your fans online. Touring is really important to stay connected with your fans.''' ,'''If I was a spy, I would have a watch that would cloak me in invisibility.''' ,'''I feel like I'm a good listener.''' ,'''Incubus is fire.''' ,'''If you can't love yourself, you can't love other people.''' ,'''What's important is that people never give up that fight to be happy, because when you do that, that's when things really start to go wrong.''' ,'''Around when I turned 17 and I bought my own studio equipment and started recording myself, I kinda found my own voice. I just started rapping like my normal self and this happy guy.''' ,'''Mike Tyson and Kool G Rap had lisps - lisps always been cool!''' ,'''I don't think anyone has the same music sound as me. I can't think of anyone else.''' ,'''Imagine if James Brown was your roommate. What? Do you know how much fun you'd be having all the time? Oh my God, he would have you looking the freshest. He would have you doing the funnest stuff for sure, easily. You'd be having the most crackin' parties.''' ,'''Growing up in California has completely made me the person that I am.''' ,'''I've been a nerd my whole life.''' ,'''I know everywhere is cool and all, but, at least for me, I was lucky enough to be in southern California. I feel lucky to be from there... I feel like it taught me how to be polite.''' ,'''You just don't know how uncool it is to be Kyle until you're Kyle.''' ,'''People called me sharktooth, Dracula. I got made fun of so much cause I couldn't afford braces.''' ,'''Doesn't matter if you're sad or happy. I can be sad, you can be happy; it's all good. That's all I'm saying - let's just be us.''' ,'''I'm definitely a West Coast artist, so much so that I'm gonna get 'Thug Life' tatted on my stomach one day.''' ,'''As I grew up and really - 22, 23, 24 - I was faced with new problems that were bigger. A lot of them were issues that pertained to people that were super close to me.''' ,'''I just like blending all the genres together but blending them up in a good way. I try to be as free as I can with it.''' ,'''Kid Cudi has saved lives. He saved my life.''' ,'''I have a really diverse family and have a diverse background in music.''' ,'''I just want to be an artist that makes exactly what he feels.''' ,'''I am a pretty bad driver, so when I drive, I need to be calm. I can't be vibing to DMX, all hype, in the car.''' ,''''Beautiful Loser' had a lot of great records. It had a lot of really heartfelt songs on there. But I felt, at the time, it didn't have it's own cohesive sound.''' ,'''Nobody can deliver a line better than Jadakiss. That's where I learned my technique. He can deliver punchlines so perfectly wrapped up for you to enjoy. If I had a different favorite rapper, I wouldn't be able to make some of the music I do.''' ,'''I played baseball. I kind of sucked at that. They used to call me 'The Buntmaster' because my coach never wanted me to swing.''' ,'''I felt like I related to East Coast lyricism a little more. Because I couldn't be super gangsta.''' ,'''I feel like the biggest key to longevity is maintaining what's special about yourself but always presenting it in a new way. That way, people can never get tired of you.''' ,'''I want to make a lot of people smile.''' ,'''People should listen to my music if they are into a lot of different genres and kind of want to get it all at once, if they want to listen to a story, an interesting story about somebody else.''' ,'''I'd love to be more involved in sports. There's so much positive energy - I have to be around it. Especially as I get older.''' ,'''I heard 'Why,' and I think that's when I first started learning about Jadakiss.''' ,'''Music fills peoples with life. It doesn't have to be a 'happy song.' If you have that one song that relates to you, whether it's a sad song or a gangster song, whatever relates to you the most in that moment, it can literally get you through the day.''' ,'''Big Sean is one of the dopest rappers, of my lifetime for sure. Like, Big Sean is one of the best rappers. Period.''' ,'''When I heard my first rap song and figured out what that was, I kind've stuck to it. I always wanted to be a musician in general, an entertainer. I just started rapping. I never decided, 'Oh, I want to be a rapper.'''' ,'''I don't feel pressure to act like other people or rap like other people, because I just can't.''' ,'''Everybody on my street was broke, running around with no shoes on. We didn't have money, but we played tag, we talked. It was great.''' ,]
+++