+++
author = "Ole Gunnar Solskjaer"
title = "Ole Gunnar Solskjaer Quotes"
quotes_len = "83"
description = "the best 83 Ole Gunnar Solskjaer Quotes"
keywords = "ole gunnar solskjaer,ole gunnar solskjaer quotes,ole gunnar solskjaer quote,ole gunnar solskjaer sayings,ole gunnar solskjaer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had a fantastic time at United. I have been back to watch games. It was over 14 years of my life. It is a third of my life I spent at Old Trafford. That's a lot of time, and it feels like home.''' ,'''I will show emotion with my players and fans when we do well. I am a professional man, and that is what I have to do.''' ,'''When you're at Manchester United there are a set of demands, and one is to be a team player, and I don't think anyone has been on the bench more than me!''' ,'''A Man United team should never be outworked.''' ,'''It's not my job to rate myself and judge myself. That's up to someone else.''' ,'''Every manager dreams of managing Manchester United.''' ,'''I had the best teacher there can be in man management or managing a football club.''' ,'''I was always the 'boring' type. I was into the stats and spending hours and hours and hours studying them. I was always more a manager than a player.''' ,'''When your kids disappoint you, you tell them off; you don't give them some chocolate, do you? You treat players similar to how you treat your kids, really.''' ,'''I am not an emotional person, really.''' ,'''When you get disappointments, you bounce back.''' ,'''When you are in a football club, you stick together. That's the key.''' ,'''It's important players focus on what they have to do, while the fans keep believing and stay behind us.''' ,'''Every single player needs that eye-to-eye connection, I'm sure. They want to know what is expected of them, but it's not just me telling them what to do. It's about asking, 'What are your strengths? What do you feel? What can you give to the team?'''' ,'''I'm the manager of Cardiff City Football Club, and I'm not to lay down and feel sorry for myself.''' ,'''You have got to be one step ahead, as a striker, to create that space you need. Apart from the ball, when you're a striker, it is space that's your best friend. You need space.''' ,'''When I was a player, it was important to target the first few friendlies and plant a seed in the mind of the gaffer.''' ,'''Everyone thinks I'm looking for attacking football all the time. But the foundation is how you defend - keep a clean sheet, and you have a decent chance to win a game of football.''' ,'''I have always been a dad who is there because, in football, you have time.''' ,'''Old Trafford is home.''' ,'''When people doubt me, I love it.''' ,'''I'm proud of my career as a player.''' ,'''Playing games is the best time of your life, and the more games you get, the better it is.''' ,'''One of my favourite players is, of course, Marcus Rashford.''' ,'''Manchester United have always stood up again and bounced back; it's just in the DNA.''' ,'''That's the most important thing in football: you need to take chances when you get them.''' ,'''I had three years of success with Molde, winning the League twice and the Cup. I thought I was fully prepared, that I was ready for the Premier League. But it's a completely different world there. Everything is much bigger.''' ,'''Norway is a small environment. There are only three to four agents to deal with, just 15 other clubs, and that's it!''' ,'''If you want to stay at Manchester United and win trophies and be successful, then you have to work through the reserve games, and that is what I am doing.''' ,'''It's not about tippy-tappy, namby-pamby football. It's a battle, and we have to be ready for it.''' ,'''I am a realistic person.''' ,'''When I scored on my debut, it was a brilliant feeling.''' ,'''I was a boring man but a reflective man.''' ,'''I don't get distracted easily. I'm very focused.''' ,'''I wouldn't be in football if I was nervous. You have to look forward to games.''' ,'''I'm very confident in my own ability as a manager.''' ,'''My dad used to be a Greco-Roman wrestler, and he was Norwegian champion six years on the bounce from 1966 to 1971. But I never saw him wrestle. I've only read the clippings.''' ,'''Everything isn't exactly what it seems from the outside.''' ,'''I work to plan long-term and try to earn results short-term.''' ,'''If you lose, you are out; if you win, you are the flavour of the month.''' ,'''It's down to the players, but when you're at Man United, there isn't a lot of greener grass on the other side. You are at the best place.''' ,'''I thought I could go into Cardiff, but different clubs have different cultures, different playing styles and philosophies. I'm more suited to the other jobs I've had.''' ,'''You will always miss chances, but you can't do anything about them once they've gone. It's always about the next chance.''' ,'''That comes when you sign for Man United - you know you're going to play in front of the best fans in the world.''' ,'''Confidence is not something you store in the fridge and pick out. You earn it by your performances, by your training, how you feel.''' ,'''Molde fits me very well; Man United fits me very well because it's in me. It's in your personality. It's ingrained in you. I understand the club.''' ,'''I am not a city guy; I like peaceful surroundings and maybe a walk around a lake.''' ,'''I would not switch Bjorn Bergmann Sigurdarson for any other player in Norway.''' ,'''I understand there are so many managers who would love to be manager of Manchester United, and I am one of them.''' ,'''Being in the gaffer's seat is very special.''' ,'''I like people. I like to speak to people, engage with people.''' ,'''I said no to Aston Villa because I was not ready. I said yes to Cardiff because I felt ready. But I was not.''' ,'''There are two things I will always remember. First, a shot against Derby that hit the inside of the post but didn't go in, and we could only draw 2-2. And then the really big chance against Bayer Leverkusen, two minutes from the end of the Champions League semi-final, when I shot over the bar. That hurt a lot.''' ,'''You cannot outperform your ego.''' ,'''When you are a professional, you go into the next game wanting to win.''' ,'''The attacking philosophy is in the walls of Man United. That's tradition; that's history. That's how we play and want to play.''' ,'''You can never set the bar too high.''' ,'''Whatever competition you're in, you want to win.''' ,'''Finishing is different to shooting. If you work at in in training sessions then you will just do it naturally during the game.''' ,'''The one way of getting better is by practising - both on and off the pitch.''' ,'''If I had been at any other club but United, then I think I would have gone to the manager and asked to leave. But I want to stay here and win things.''' ,'''You want all the money inside football. We do not have a bottomless pit of money. There are constraints. That's why some deals I have said no to because of the finances of them.''' ,'''The only way I know to get out of disappointment is to work hard, keep doing the right things, and don't make any rash decisions.''' ,'''The FA Cup final is such a fantastic final to play in. I played in the 1999 one at Wembley, and after having watched so many finals as a kid, to be able to make that long walk up from the dressing room to the pitch was fantastic.''' ,'''Throughout my life, ever since I played for Clausenengen back home, instead of listening to the teacher at school, I was writing down all the chances I missed in a book thinking 'I should have done this.' Scoring goals was all I thought about.''' ,'''In any game, you have to work to stay in it, especially away against a good team like Southampton. It's a fantastic club and one I've said on a few occasions Cardiff City would do well to emulate, both on and off the field.''' ,'''When you turn round games, that's the best feeling you have in games.''' ,'''Everybody wants the Hollywood glamour of the Premier League.''' ,'''The more mistakes you make, the more you learn.''' ,'''When my career is over, I want to say to myself that I've done whatever I could to be the best footballer I could be.''' ,'''If you are a regular at Manchester United, I think you should grasp the opportunity to stay here and become part of the history.''' ,'''I've got to do it my way. I can't compromise and be someone else.''' ,'''My best ability was in just being ready when I was called upon. Then, I would be fit, and my legs would be light. If you sulk and are on the bench, and the gaffer calls you on, you are not ready because there's something going on in your head.''' ,'''You can never be sure what is around the corner.''' ,'''You never know the way your career takes.''' ,'''Clubs don't change managers unless there is something wrong.''' ,'''It's not my job to rate managers. My focus is on me and my team.''' ,'''It's always this thing about being the big brother and the little brother coming to try to overtake the big brother. That always happens in families and in clubs - the young player hoping to take the old player's position - and City are hoping to overtake United. I don't think they'll ever be able to, though.''' ,'''I think the Swansea-Cardiff rivalry is good.''' ,'''When you win the title, you have a great few days, and then it's gone; you're already looking forward to the next season.''' ,'''In games, you have plans, you have strategies, and you follow them.''' ,'''In football, you never know what can happen.''' ,'''I realised when I was a striker that when I ended up wide on the left or right, it can be so much easier to get space and face defenders up.''' ,]
+++