+++
author = "Niki Taylor"
title = "Niki Taylor Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Niki Taylor Quotes"
keywords = "niki taylor,niki taylor quotes,niki taylor quote,niki taylor sayings,niki taylor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think God's really blessed me with patience. I'm good with a lot of things going on at once.''' ,'''I owe my life to blood donors. I'm forever grateful to people who donate.''' ,'''I always hated my mole growing up. I even thought about having it removed. At the time I didn't do it because I thought it would hurt, and now I'm glad I didn't.''' ,'''My greatest life lesson has been that life can change in a second. This is why it's important to always live your best possible life and to do what you can for others.''' ,'''With Ciel and with Rex, I said 'no epidural.' I recovered, I was walking right after I had them, just did a lot of praying all through my pregnancy that they would be healthy and my deliveries would go without a problem. I was really blessed.''' ,'''All my Doctor's said I should become a model.''' ,'''Health is very important to me.''' ,'''Stick to the basics, hold on to your family and friends - they will never go out of fashion.''' ,'''I think I have enough tattoos for now. If I get any others, I'll probably do my kids initials.''' ,'''My goal is to spread the word about the need for more blood donors.''' ,'''I try to live by the rule do what makes you happy.''' ,'''I'm someone who likes to keep busy, especially with projects that I find meaningful and fulfilling.''' ,'''I always think about which blood drive was going on in Georgia that day when that husband or mom or school teacher rolled up their sleeve and actually gave me a second chance at life. It's the ultimate gift of life, and I'm the one who was on the other end.''' ,]
+++