+++
author = "Jack Wagner"
title = "Jack Wagner Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Jack Wagner Quotes"
keywords = "jack wagner,jack wagner quotes,jack wagner quote,jack wagner sayings,jack wagner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Reality is the leading cause of stress for those in touch with it.''' ,'''By patting somebody on the back, a boy or a girl, a professional dancer, male, female, it really makes people feel good and I know it certainly made me feel good.''' ,'''I was always very independent and looked out for myself. I think that ability really helped me in later years both in sports and in theatre.''' ,'''My mother has been the greatest influence on my life, morally. When I get right down to it, my mother and father are two people I can count on no matter what.''' ,'''My kids are at a point in their lives where I'm a moral compass for them. God help them both.''' ,'''My all-time low is 62 at Bel-Air, but it was in match play, and I had two putts given to me from four feet. I'm playing only about once or twice a month. Full-time job. Full-time father. Full-time blonde.''' ,''''General Hospital' was so massive in the 80s and that's when people my age or even younger watched that show. A generation grew up on that show, Luke and Laura, I came in on the cusp of that so there's still a lot of 'Frisco.'''' ,'''I was fortunate enough to hook up with Quincy Jones and had a lot of success. But the music of the '80s really changed when the '90s hit. For me to chase that dream or career of music, I started a family, started on 'Melrose Place,' so it was something I didn't have the time or energy.''' ,'''Peter Wagner, my son, just won the Bel-Air Junior Club Championship. Parred the last three holes. One-putts, up and down. Us Wagners don't hit greens. We chip and putt.''' ,'''I kind of went into soap opera with 'General Hospital' in the '80s. It's like theater because every day it's a new script, which really doesn't have a beginning, middle or end like a play or a movie script. So you have to be on your toes and bring it every day. And you have to be spontaneous, which is really how I like to work.''' ,'''My parents weren't extremely successful financially, but they were happy people. They gave me confidence.''' ,'''Obviously sex and nudity sells, but that's what people go to cable for but that's not going to happen on network daytime television... so I think it really is always going to come down to story. How do you make a story interesting enough so people will tune in? That's always going to be it.''' ,'''We all grew up, our grandmothers and mothers had about three channels to watch, so we watched those soaps and now, a generation has grown up with the Internet and computers and video games.''' ,]
+++