+++
author = "Allan Carr"
title = "Allan Carr Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Allan Carr Quotes"
keywords = "allan carr,allan carr quotes,allan carr quote,allan carr sayings,allan carr saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was quite pleased that Prince Philip didn't say anything like, I hate queers! He was quite well behaved.''' ,'''I was at college doing performing arts, and just spending all my time mucking about, and the lecturers thought I would be pretty good at stand-up, so I gave it a whirl.''' ,'''I'd love to do acting, but it'd definitely have to be comedy. I can't do serious. It's completely beyond me.''' ,'''If you go on stage with the wrong attitude, or something in your performance is off, you can lose an audience in the first minute. That first minute is crucial.''' ,'''I didn't really want to be a comedian.''' ,'''We had our first meeting yesterday, and we just laughed all the way through, so if we can bottle that, then I'll be happy. We just get on, and that's half the battle.''' ,'''I hate Shakespeare. I think Shakespeare's rubbish.''' ,'''I like old people falling over, that's what makes me laugh.''' ,'''I haven't really got much get up and go. I can't believe I'm on the telly. I'm so lazy.''' ,'''A lot of comedians, when they have a bad gig, will blame everything but themselves. They'll blame the crowd, or the room was wrong, it had a weird vibe, or the promoter promoted a weird atmosphere.''' ,'''I'm just generally hugely frustrated, I'm a very, very frustrated man. I'm just a ball of pent-up frustration.''' ,'''I think over there in Montreal they're a bit hardcore with the old homos. They're not that keen on them.''' ,'''I still get excited about meeting celebrities, because I don't think I'm a celebrity myself.''' ,'''It's Charley's Aunt and The Odd Couple rolled into one.''' ,'''I've met Nicole Kidman, Elton John, loads of people.''' ,'''You should never meet your heroes. Paul Newman... I was so excited about meeting him, but he turned up in shell suit bottoms, slippers, and a jumper. He was just so worn out and old, he wanted to go home.''' ,'''I went to Montreal. My first gig went very badly. They just weren't laughing at anything. I found out they were a load of Christians, and it was a gig to raise money for a new church roof.''' ,]
+++