+++
author = "Christian Dior"
title = "Christian Dior Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Christian Dior Quotes"
keywords = "christian dior,christian dior quotes,christian dior quote,christian dior sayings,christian dior saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Zest is the secret of all beauty. There is no beauty that is attractive without zest.''' ,'''Women, with their sure instincts, realized that my intention was to make them not just more beautiful but also happier.''' ,'''A country, a style or an epoch are interesting only for the idea behind them.''' ,'''Bright reds - scarlet, pillar-box red, crimson or cherry - are very cheerful and youthful. There is certainly a red for everyone.''' ,'''Without foundations, there can be no fashion.''' ,'''In a machine age, dressmaking is one of the last refuges of the human, the personal, the inimitable.''' ,'''From his very first works, it was clear that Henri Sauguet would bring spontaneity, romance, and a nonacademic approach back to modern music.''' ,'''Deep in every heart slumbers a dream, and the couturier knows it: every woman is a princess.''' ,'''The detail is as important as the essential is. When it is inadequate, it destroys the whole outfit.''' ,'''Finally, everything that has been part of my life, whether I wanted it to or not, has expressed itself in my dresses.''' ,'''The tones of gray, pale turquoise and pink will prevail.''' ,'''Women are most fascinating between the ages of 35 and 40 after they have won a few races and know how to pace themselves. Since few women ever pass 40, maximum fascination can continue indefinitely.''' ,'''Haute couture is like an orchestra, for which only Balenciaga is the conductor. The rest of us are just musicians, following the directions he gives us.''' ,'''I wanted to be considered a good craftsman. I wanted my dresses to be constructed like buildings, molded to the curves of the female form, stylizing its shape.''' ,'''All I required to be happy was friendship and people I could admire.''' ,'''You can wear black at any time. You can wear it at any age. You may wear it for almost any occasion; a 'little black frock' is essential to a woman's wardrobe.''' ,'''White is pure and simple and matches with everything.''' ,'''A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting.''' ,'''Colour is what gives jewels their worth. They light up and enhance the face. Nothing is more elegant than a black skirt and sweater worn with a sparkling multi-stoned necklace.''' ,'''We were emerging from the period of war, of uniforms, of women-soldiers built like boxers. I drew women-flowers, soft shoulders, fine waists like liana and wide skirts like corolla.''' ,'''After women, flowers are the most lovely thing God has given the world.''' ,'''My dream is to save women from nature.''' ,'''A dress is a piece of ephemeral architecture, designed to enhance the proportions of the female body.''' ,'''On vacation, you can wear all the colorful and casual clothing that you like, but you must always be elegant.''' ,'''You can never really go wrong if you take nature as an example.''' ,]
+++