+++
author = "Demarcus Cousins"
title = "Demarcus Cousins Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Demarcus Cousins Quotes"
keywords = "demarcus cousins,demarcus cousins quotes,demarcus cousins quote,demarcus cousins sayings,demarcus cousins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't want to be Boogie. I just wanna be DeMarcus.''' ,'''I've been the type to just get up and go or I'm finding something to do, I'm on some type of grind every single day.''' ,'''I'm excited to contribute towards U.S.A. Basketball's winning legacy and continuing its tremendous reputation around the world.''' ,'''Leadership is being the best example you can be for your teammates. The guy that everybody can depend on on a nightly basis.''' ,'''I'm big when it comes to respect. But it's a two-way street, in my eyes.''' ,'''I'm all about being a role model to kids. I enjoy doing it, and I like putting smiles on kids' faces.''' ,'''You'd go back to school and your friends would say, 'What you get for Christmas?' You got to make up a lie. 'I got this, this and this.' It's all part of growing up and everyone has a different story. It made me who I am today.''' ,'''My memories of Christmas, it was more about being around family.''' ,'''I'm just a basketball player. There's so much I can do on the floor.''' ,'''A close friend of mine's daughter was diagnosed with Epilepsy and battled seizures her first 2 years so this cause hits close to home. She ended up having brain surgery and has been seizure-free since. It really is an incredible story. Anything I can do to help promote Epilepsy awareness, I am with it.''' ,'''Believe in yourself.''' ,'''If I can help a kid in any type of way or make their lives easier, I'm always down for it.''' ,'''This is a frustrating sport. There are a lot of emotions involved.''' ,'''I grew up in a household where we watched a lot of comedy. It's just something I've always enjoyed.''' ,'''What people don't realize is that this is the entertainment business.''' ,'''You are either with me or you're not.''' ,'''The body can take you wherever your mind goes. If I can do it in my mind, I think my body will follow.''' ,'''I don't do things to be rewarded. I help people because it's the right thing to do.''' ,'''I want to put Sacramento back on the map.''' ,'''One of my biggest fears is to be proven wrong by somebody that doesn't agree with me or doesn't have my best interest at heart. With that being said I'm always seeking to prove those types of people wrong.''' ,'''So you know, the people that do know me, they know I can be very stubborn.''' ,'''I'm grateful for every opportunity. I learned the hard way.''' ,'''Social media is the devil. Absolute devil. Oh, my God. It's the worst thing ever.''' ,'''I know who I am as a person. And the people that matter around me know who I am.''' ,'''If I started smiling all the time, people would say, 'DeMarcus must not care anymore.'''' ,'''I love Sacramento. I consider this home.''' ,'''Hopefully with my so-called celebrity, I can help open more people's eyes to Epilepsy disorders.''' ,'''Coming into the league, everyone said I was going to be fat, I was the next Oliver Miller. I had all these red flags. I just feel I was never given a fair chance coming in.''' ,'''God gives his hardest battles to his strongest soldiers.''' ,'''We in a nasty business, at times. I don't even say that in a good or bad way. It's just no place to get too emotional.''' ,'''Putting a smile on kids, putting a smile on families' faces, changing people's lives with your so-called status and celebrity with your so-called impact, that's reality.''' ,'''I don't like to be proved wrong.''' ,'''I'm a good guy.''' ,'''You make yourself be whatever the hell you want to be, at the end of the day.''' ,'''I'm human. I mean, I'm not always happy.''' ,'''You can call it what you want: bad attitude, immature. You can say, 'He's a thug.' But I'm a competitor.''' ,'''I love my job. If I have a chance to play against some of the top talent in the world or whether it's against guys around the corner, I'm going to play.''' ,'''I get out in the 'hoods. I want to go to the worst, the grimiest places. That's where I want to be. Those are usually the kids or the communities that kind of get left behind or forgotten about. I feel like I was in that situation at one point. That's where my mindset is and that's what I stand for.''' ,'''We weren't the most fortunate family growing up.''' ,'''I didn't have the best Christmases, but my mom and family did what they could.''' ,'''Who knew I was blowing my Achilles?''' ,'''When they say I'm a bad teammate and that I got a coach fired, that irritates the hell out of me. The biggest thing for me is to always have respect for my teammates. And then the whole Westphal thing - the man got himself fired. He was losing before I got here.''' ,'''My mom did what she could and I was grateful for whatever it was.''' ,'''I love the game. I think that's obvious, and I'm very passionate in what I do.''' ,'''I just control what I control.''' ,'''I loved my experience in college.''' ,'''Nobody can tell you what your destiny is.''' ,'''I love it here in New Orleans.''' ,'''Dream big and anything is possible.''' ,'''I got drafted at 19. I've got millions of dollars in my pocket, I could have lost my damn mind. I don't see how you could consider me immature.''' ,'''I'm a Mobile, Alabama kid.''' ,'''I'm comfortable in my skin.''' ,'''I love giving local kids and families the chance to experience Kings basketball for the first time.''' ,'''I don't think anyone can stop me one on one, period.''' ,'''My main purpose every night is to win a game.''' ,'''I can remember games where the crowd was the reason we won it. It's well known the Kings have incredible fans.''' ,'''I know my mindset. I know how hard I work at my craft.''' ,'''I want my family and myself to be comfortable wherever I am at the time, and just be able to relax and kind of let my hair down.''' ,'''The beginning to correcting all of our mistakes is communication.''' ,'''I've kind of been doubted my whole life. I use that as fuel to continue to push every single day.''' ,'''There are ignorant individuals in every city.''' ,'''I'm an emotional guy. It's as simple as that.''' ,'''I'm not going to sit here and say I'm innocent, because I've done things. But to get the reputation that I've got, I don't think I've done enough. I don't have a criminal record.''' ,'''If you were to ask me, I think my jersey will be hanging in the rafters when I retire in Sacramento.''' ,'''My mom raised six kids on her own.''' ,'''I'm goofy. I like to have fun. I'm always joking around.''' ,'''I am who I am. You can either love it or hate it.''' ,'''If you was somewhere walking down the street and somebody says something crazy to you, you're going to react. So just because it's a basketball event doesn't mean those emotions go out the door or us being a human being goes out the door. It's the same thing.''' ,'''I get the chance to play for my country. That's the biggest stage. It's an honor for me.''' ,'''It's hard getting the rhythm when you're not seeing the ball go through the basket.''' ,'''A lot of the mistakes I made were my fault.''' ,'''It's just, some players I don't respect. Just their playing style of basketball. I don't respect it. I feel like it's basically cheating and I don't respect a cheater. If that's your tactic to winning, I don't respect you.''' ,'''D.C. basketball has adopted me, and I consider D.C. home.''' ,'''I have my family, my loved ones and they love me for who I am.''' ,'''The whole basketball world, it's a fantasy and it's short-lived.''' ,'''I grew up in a rough area, went to an all-black school, public school.''' ,'''Health is probably the No. 1 thing that gets overlooked for a player.''' ,'''I'm a guy with a big heart who cares about people.''' ,'''When you have a cop approaching your car with his hand on his gun, I know it may be protocol, but us being the people we are, you automatically feel as if you're a criminal. So where's the respect then? You probably won't respond the correct way. So how do we find a common ground then?''' ,'''I know I've done bad things. But I've done just as much good as I have done bad. And it's not even necessarily bad. I would say they're growing pains.''' ,'''I just don't go out of my way to impress anybody. You either appreciate me for who I am or you don't. That's just the way it is. I'm comfortable in my own skin.''' ,'''People don't like when people are straight forward. They like things to be sugar coated. They like to beat around the bush. I'm not that type of person.''' ,'''People say they hate having fake people around, but when you keep it real, they hate you even more. People don't like the truth.''' ,'''Sometimes I let some of the small things take over. It can be a simple thing, like a call going the wrong way, and it takes me all off.''' ,'''The competitive spirit of basketball is slowly leaking out. Taking pride in one-on-one defense is slowly leaking out. It's more about selling calls and flopping.''' ,'''I'm a guy that a lot of people look up to. I haven't always handled situations the right way. That's why I have to continue to grow and be a better player, a better leader.''' ,'''If you judge me only by my profession, you don't know me at all. Those people who do that? They'll never know me.''' ,'''The opportunity to represent my country at the Olympic Games is one of the greatest honors I've experienced in my career.''' ,'''Some of what I get, I deserve; I do some dumb stuff sometimes. But I do not deserve the perception that I have.''' ,'''I've got a real problem when I know something is wrong or I feel something is wrong, I'm going to speak about it. I get it from my mother.''' ,'''No matter how much time there is, if guys can come together and mesh and play with some type of chemistry, you're going to win games.''' ,'''Some of my technicals, I don't even understand. I see some of those technicals other players get, and I compare them to mine and they're completely unfair.''' ,'''I actually prefer teammates that have emotions. It means you care, compared to a guy that's kind of just nonchalant and goes about it like it doesn't matter. So I want guys that care. I want guys that show they care.''' ,'''I never in a million years would have thought I would end up with Golden State.''' ,'''I'm going to make the best decision for me, and I believe teams are going to do the same thing.''' ,'''Very proud of where I'm from, very proud of what I've been through.''' ,'''I don't really consider myself a center.''' ,'''I've never been a guy who plays the political game. It's either right or wrong; that's how I was raised.''' ,'''When it was clear I couldn't stay in New Orleans, I went out and created what would end up being the best opportunity for myself. I asked my agent to set up a call with the Warriors. I knew they could use a big.''' ,'''The first thing I got my mom when I got some money was a house.''' ,]
+++