+++
author = "Lauren Tom"
title = "Lauren Tom Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Lauren Tom Quotes"
keywords = "lauren tom,lauren tom quotes,lauren tom quote,lauren tom sayings,lauren tom saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When kids would say 'Ching Chong Chinaman,' I thought they were talking to someone behind me. I used to think I was a white Jewish girl named Rebecca or Rachel.''' ,'''If I was blond and tall, then I would have had 10 times the competition. I auditioned steadily and performed for everyone who would hire me. Now I am in a position to pick and choose my roles.''' ,'''From the time I was little, I always felt like an outsider. I always felt nervous and uncomfortable with myself.''' ,'''I was supposed to go to Northwestern and become a dental hygienist, get married, have babies. My father was very against me being in show business. Usually in Chinese culture, education is the most highly valued.''' ,'''One of the great joys of my life post-'Friends' has been being approached by Asian women who have told me how much it meant to see an Asian face on their TV screen when they were growing up.''' ,'''When 'Joy Luck Club' came out, I kind of became a role model for the Asian acting community. I started to talk at colleges and emcee charity things. I'm much more connected to my sense of being Asian now.''' ,'''What I've realized is that, especially in Los Angeles, a lot of people are on some kind of path, even if they're not completely conscious of it. I've sort of always been on a path to find more peace, more security within myself. I've always felt like I needed something to help me feel better.''' ,'''I do think it's getting better, but I have noticed that Asians are not well represented in awards shows, and not a ton of Asian faces on the big screen either. Perhaps some of the young Asian actors who are on TV series now will be seen in upcoming movies in the near future - Jamie Chung, Constance Wu, Suzy Nakamura, to name a few. Fingers crossed.''' ,'''What if everything I thought was wrong with me was actually right with me? You have to have the courage to show who you are to the world.''' ,'''I've been to 25 psychics so far. I've even gone to see a woman called 'the mother' who just hugs you.''' ,]
+++