+++
author = "Mo Farah"
title = "Mo Farah Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Mo Farah Quotes"
keywords = "mo farah,mo farah quotes,mo farah quote,mo farah sayings,mo farah saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I remember, in 1999, the first time I met Steve Cram, I didn't know who he was. It was only later, on YouTube, I started watching Seb Coe, Ovett. So it's nice to be recognised as one of the best guys in the world.''' ,'''In training camp, you know what each person is doing.''' ,'''My goals are to run the London Marathon and do the best that I can.''' ,'''I could sit at home, watch TV, and go for the odd run. But to be the best, you have to make this sacrifice, keep going away and doing blocks of training in the mountains.''' ,'''It's doesn't just come overnight, you've got to train for it and believe in yourself; that's the most important thing.''' ,'''I've become someone else, really, like a role model.''' ,'''It's hard, and I don't always get to see my kids. I will never catch up on that time I've missed.''' ,'''It would be great to run around with the family every day, go shopping, take the children out. At my level, though, I can only afford to do that for one week maximum. Otherwise I have to eat, sleep, train - nothing else.''' ,'''I've got four kids, so I plan ahead. I have to book flights far in advance, look at accommodation, where it is, what you can and can't do. Same in running.''' ,'''I work so hard for what I do. To achieve what I have has taken me half of my life to be able to achieve what I have achieved. And for people to think I have taken a shortcut, it's not right, and it's not fair.''' ,'''I don't want to talk politics, but what I do say is I believe in rules and laws, and if you come to this country, you've got to abide by the rules here.''' ,'''I always learn something from every race.''' ,'''Whenever I race in the U.K., the crowd just makes such a massive difference, often between winning and losing.''' ,'''I've shown that if you dream and are willing to work hard, you can achieve your dreams.''' ,'''I think the way I am, the way I'm chilled out, has a lot to do with being Muslim and having faith.''' ,'''Come join us; see the reality of what I have to do to achieve what I achieve. There are no cutting corners.''' ,'''I'm the champion, and to stay ahead, I have to work harder.''' ,'''I want to spend as much time as I can with my kids, but I know the opportunities in athletics don't often come round, so I've just got to make the most of it.''' ,'''My first Olympics memory was watching Haile Gebrselassie in Sydney 2000. His sprint finish to defend his title really moved me.''' ,'''It's great to be British, really. If anything happens, I'm back to my country. At least I have a country.''' ,'''Because of who I am, people ask for photos. I can't just say no to everyone.''' ,'''A guy like me, yes, I am good in terms of championship races, and that's where I dominate - but in terms of running fast times, I haven't quite done that.''' ,'''I am just grateful I have a British passport and a country here.''' ,'''You try and help something, and later on it bites you, so it's a hard decision, but as a country, as a nation, people need our help.''' ,'''I don't know much about politics, but you have to look at it with the bigger picture and think what's best for us now, what's best for us in 10 years' time, what's best for our kids' kids' future - and I don't know.''' ,'''There's a time in everyone's career where you go, 'Ah, this is hard - how long am I going to have to do this?' But the rewards are so great. Who gets to go on the podium and hear the national anthem? The whole nation singing! Money can't buy you that.''' ,'''I put my body through hell. I run 120 miles a week, week in, week out.''' ,'''When you line up on the track, you want to have done your homework, be aware of what they are capable of. You think about everything. It's like taking a journey, innit?''' ,'''If I look back down the years, how I was treated as a kid, if it wasn't for the teachers at my school, then I wouldn't have achieved what I have. You have to look where you came from, and we do need to get more parents involved, more running clubs and more schools. They can make a difference.''' ,'''Even though running is work for me, I always miss it if I take a break. A lot of people find running relaxing, but I can never switch off from timing and competing against myself.''' ,'''If your body needs certain food, you have to give it to it. And as an athlete, if I'm doing 100 miles a week and working out, if I eat bad food one day, it's not bad for me because I burn it off.''' ,'''I work every day, and every year I spend seven months away from my family. I miss my kids' birthdays, and those are times I will never be able to go back on and share with them. That kills me.''' ,'''As an athlete you want to be able to choose something that you haven't already achieved. Is it different distances, or do you come back and defend your titles? It depends what your coach says.''' ,'''You've got to believe in God.''' ,'''I work every day hard. I put my body through hell. Let me tell you, every year, seven months of the year, I don't see my family. Year in, year out. I miss my kids. Kid's birthdays, anniversaries. I'll never be able to go back and be with my family.''' ,'''I'd heard a lot about Dubai before I first visited and couldn't wait to go.''' ,'''As an athlete, you can train for so many years to be a 5K/10K runner. That's who you are, and it's hard to change that. Not using that technique - almost like a sprint - that's when you have to loosen up and just save as much energy as you can.''' ,'''President Donald Trump seems to have made me an alien.''' ,'''This is where I started life. This is where I went to uni. This is where the people I know are. This is my country, and when I put on my Great Britain vest, I'm proud, very proud, that it's my country.''' ,'''What do you want to be? If you don't put the work in, you're not going to be able to be it.''' ,'''I've got such a sweet tooth. I do miss the U.K. where you get sticky toffee pudding or custard, all that.''' ,'''When I run for my country, I'm very proud to run for my country.''' ,'''I want to thank the public, so I have to keep doing what I do, which is keep winning medals for my country.''' ,'''I try to be honest in what I do and in everything I do. I try to be honest with my family.''' ,'''It gets to you as a father when your kids don't react to you in the way you imagine.''' ,'''All that work you put in, it's so worth it to win a medal.''' ,'''Social media can be dangerous. People hide behind their computers and write negative things, so I like to keep it about communicating with my fans.''' ,'''On the track, you know what you're capable of, but being at the birth, you have no control.''' ,'''I wasn't a fighting kid or a causing-trouble kid. I was just one of those cheeky, crazy kids running around.''' ,'''This picture has been painted of me. It's not right. I am 100% clean.''' ,'''I used to get called 'Ferrari' when I was a kid because I was always running everywhere.''' ,'''There is so much to discover in Dubai.''' ,'''Everybody in middle-distance running knows each other, and we all know what we are capable of.''' ,'''What drives me is winning medals and going out there and enjoying it.''' ,'''I believe no matter who you are, respect yourself, respect others.''' ,'''There's Kenyan guys who last year or two years ago were running for Kenya, and then they switched to Qatar and Bahrain and other countries. Yes, I do have a problem with that.''' ,'''The coach is the boss at the end of the day. I do whatever he tells me and don't ask questions.''' ,'''It has been a long journey, but if you dream and have the ambition and want to work hard, then you can achieve.''' ,'''There's got to be the same rules for everyone.''' ,'''I wished for just one medal as a junior.''' ,'''Bolt put the Mobot on the map, to be honest with you! He's just an amazing guy.''' ,'''In life, if people need help, then we should try and help them out.''' ,'''Records are there to be broken. Lots of people would love to swap their world record for an Olympic medal, but for me, my medals are there forever and ever, and that's what does it for me.''' ,'''If I am lining up for a race, and I know there is someone there who cheats, it upsets me.''' ,'''It triggers something in you as a human being because you forget what your parents did for you. But when you become a parent, you're like, 'Whoa! It's hard work.' No wonder your parents always tell you off! They've done a lot for you.''' ,'''Every race is different. If you come down the home straight neck and neck, the crowd cheering for you can decide the race.''' ,'''The public do get behind me, and I love the crowd. When I'm ever in London, they give me massive support - the Anniversary Games, the cheers; they are always nice to me.''' ,'''I grew up with a lot of friends who are white, black, Muslim, non-Muslim. I like people a lot.''' ,'''I'm probably a lot more closer in the 1500m to the world record than I am in the 5000m.''' ,'''Everything happens for a reason, so you shouldn't get wound up.''' ,'''Athletics, for me, was something I was pushed towards. I really wanted to play football when I was younger. Over the years, I started to enjoy it more and learn about it.''' ,'''I'm as much of a human being as the rest of the world. But if I don't train, I don't win. If I don't focus, I don't win. So I don't have a choice: I just have to run.''' ,'''To be knighted, that would be amazing. I remember Alex Ferguson from Man Utd got it and Steve Redgrave - to be in the same category as them is amazing.''' ,'''I'd love to work with children. I've set up the charity, and that's going well. We've got a lot of projects we're doing in Somalia, so I'd like to see how we're doing there.''' ,'''The whole reason I moved to the U.S. to be coached by Alberto Salazar is to be able to improve 1 or 2 per cent. I was sick of coming sixth in the world, seventh in the world, and get close to a medal, but not quite there, half-a-second.''' ,'''To be labelled a cheat - it's not fair. If I'm a cheat, then prove I'm a cheat or just leave me alone and let me do what I do best.''' ,'''I'm a guy who wins medals rather than runs fast times, so for me, what keeps me going is winning medals for my country and making my nation proud.''' ,'''I love what I do. I want to continue winning medals.''' ,'''If I didn't have the family and everything, I wouldn't be where I am.''' ,'''The only medication that I am on, I am on asthma, and I have had that since I was a child. That's just a normal use.''' ,'''I said to myself, 'I don't want to be coming sixth or seventh, and being the best in Britain. I want to be the best in the world and race against these Kenyan guys.'''' ,'''I enjoy my athletics, and I want to take it as far as I can.''' ,'''Dubai is a safe place, and I never came across anything to worry about.''' ,'''I'm 33 years old; I'm getting old. Every year is different, and as an athlete, you've got to be honest with yourself.''' ,'''I've never been in the top three of Sports Personality. And I won't be in the top three again. You have just got to accept what it is.''' ,'''You imagine running 120 miles a week, week in, week out, for the past four or five years. It takes a little bit out of you.''' ,'''It's important you think positively not negatively. Think about your loved ones and all the people who are behind you.''' ,'''Growing up, I would never have thought that I'd be a double Olympic champion, with a lovely home and beautiful kids.''' ,'''Obviously, I believe in clean sport and want to do all that I can, but at the same time, you can only control yourself.''' ,'''In America... it's not divided, but with Trump now, it's like you are asking for trouble. We wouldn't dare to say any of the things he is saying in our country and get away with it. It's just... blasphemy.''' ,'''I go through a lot of painful things. There are sessions when I will be on my back afterwards, crawling.''' ,'''I was running sub-13 minutes for 5,000 when I was still coached by Alan Storey, and I won double gold at the Europeans in 2010.''' ,'''I'd promised my older daughter Rhianna I was going to get a medal for her, and in my mind I was thinking, 'I can't let her down.'''' ,'''What I do, it's part of my job, but you want to bring your kids up the right way and give them everything - to be there for them and have that connection.''' ,'''Let me do what I do best. And that's to run and represent my country and make my country proud.''' ,'''I'm especially drawn to the sand dunes. I love driving around and exploring them by dune buggy.''' ,'''I'm away about six months of the year, competing here in the U.K. or in training camps in Arizona, Ethiopia, the Pyrenees.''' ,'''Look at my success. I didn't achieve it overnight. It has been the product of many years' struggle, and every year, my times have shown gradual improvement.''' ,]
+++