+++
author = "Gene Roddenberry"
title = "Gene Roddenberry Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Gene Roddenberry Quotes"
keywords = "gene roddenberry,gene roddenberry quotes,gene roddenberry quote,gene roddenberry sayings,gene roddenberry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It is important to the typical 'Star Trek' fan that there is a tomorrow. They pretty much share the 'Star Trek' philosophies about life: the fact that it is wrong to interfere in the evolvement of other peoples, that to be different is not necessarily to be wrong or ugly.''' ,'''I wanted to cast a woman as second in command. NBC said no way.''' ,''''Star Trek' was an attempt to say humanity will reach maturity and wisdom on the day that it begins not just to tolerate but take a special delight in differences in ideas and differences in lifeforms.''' ,'''Earth is the nest, the cradle, and we'll move out of it.''' ,'''My model for Kirk was Horatio Hornblower from the C.S. Forester sea stories. Shatner was open-minded about science fiction and a marvelous choice.''' ,'''Time is the fire in which we burn.''' ,'''What Kirk wanted every evening was to go to bed with a beautiful woman. Our captain now is a man of infinitely more skill. A better man.''' ,'''We stress humanity, and this is done at considerable cost. We can't have a lot of dramatics that other shows get away with - promiscuity, greed, jealousy. None of those have a place in 'Star Trek.'''' ,'''I was tired of writing for shows where there was always a shoot-out in the last act and somebody was killed. 'Star Trek' was formulated to change that.''' ,'''The ship's transporters - which let the crew 'beam' from place to place - really came out of a production need. I realized with this huge spaceship, I would blow the whole budget of the show just in landing the thing on a planet.''' ,'''Because something or someone looks or acts differently from us does not necessarily mean that it is ugly or bad.''' ,''''Star Trek' speaks to some basic human needs: that there is a tomorrow - it's not all going to be over with a big flash and a bomb; that the human race is improving; that we have things to be proud of as humans.''' ,'''I hope that I helped to build a fierce pride in what we are and what we can do if we set our minds to it.''' ,'''I wanted to send a message to the television industry that excitement is not made of car chases.''' ,'''I remember myself as an asthmatic child, having great difficulties at 7, 8 and 9 years old, falling totally in love with 'Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle' and dreaming of having his strength to leap into trees and throw mighty lions to the ground.''' ,'''I'd been an Army bomber pilot and fascinated by the Navy and, particularly, the story of the Enterprise, which at Midway really turned the tide in the whole war in our favor. I'd always been proud of that ship and wanted to use the name.''' ,'''We must question the story logic of having an all-knowing all-powerful God, who creates faulty Humans, and then blames them for his own mistakes.''' ,'''These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Its five year mission... to boldly go where no man has gone before.''' ,''''Star Trek' episodes always insisted that humanity is on its bumpy way to what will be a glorious future in the 23rd century, in which we will have left most of our old selfishness - and old hatreds and prejudices - far behind us.''' ,'''His name is 'Mr. Spock.' And the first view of him can be almost frightening - a face so heavy-lidded and satanic you might almost expect him to have a forked tail. Probably half Martian, he has a slightly reddish complexion and semi-pointed ears.''' ,''''Star Trek' is a 'Wagon Train' concept - built around characters who travel to worlds 'similar' to our own, and meet the action-adventure-drama which become our stories. Their transportation is the cruiser 'S.S. Yorktown,' performing a well-defined and long-range Exploration-Science-Security mission which helps create our format.''' ,'''To cast Mr. Spock, I made a phone call to Leonard, and he came in. That was it.''' ,'''When they put out the sales brochure when we eventually went to series, they carefully rounded Spock's ears and made him look human so he wouldn't scare off potential advertisers.''' ,'''I have felt many times trapped by 'Star Trek.' It cost me dearly. It won't anymore, because I've come to grips with what it is and where it fits in my life.''' ,'''A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away.''' ,'''The human race is a remarkable creature, one with great potential, and I hope that 'Star Trek' has helped to show us what we can be if we believe in ourselves and our abilities.''' ,'''It was 'ST' format to let space and alien worlds, rather than human weakness, provide the conflict and danger necessary to our adventure show.''' ,'''Our effects were primitive. Our stars were a black cloth with holes in it and light behind.''' ,'''When you get into an airplane by yourself and take off, you find yourself in this lovely, three-dimensional world where you can go in any direction. There is no feeling any more exciting than that.''' ,'''The strength of a civilization is not measured by its ability to fight wars, but rather by its ability to prevent them.''' ,'''No, ancient astronauts did not build the pyramids - human beings built them, because they're clever and they work hard.''' ,'''The Russians were responsible for the Chekov character. They put in 'Pravda' that, 'Ah, the ugly Americans are at it again. They do a space show, and they forget to include the people who were in space first.' And I said, 'My God, they're right.'''' ,'''Normal television limits what you can do. With science fiction, you can exercise your imagination more. I fell in love with it.''' ,'''It has become a crusade of mine to demonstrate that TV need not be violent to be exciting.''' ,'''We tried to limit human versus human conflict only to those cases where it could be powerfully motivated and made completely believable.''' ,'''If 'Trek' is a hit, we'd love to do a series of films - a regular event. Look at James Bond's films. They've been around since the early sixties.''' ,''''Star Trek' says that it has not all happened, it has not all been discovered, that tomorrow can be as challenging and adventurous as any time man has ever lived.''' ,]
+++