+++
author = "Jorge Posada"
title = "Jorge Posada Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Jorge Posada Quotes"
keywords = "jorge posada,jorge posada quotes,jorge posada quote,jorge posada sayings,jorge posada saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There will never be another Mariano Rivera. He was a friend and a champion of a teammate. He really cared about the game of baseball, the way it was played, and whatever it took to win that night.''' ,'''I like teaching. I would like to help out with the young catchers; be there for them and obviously, you know, what it takes to get here. That's the biggest thing, I think.''' ,'''Hideki Irabu had a very good curveball. Just a straight up and down, swing-and-miss curveball.''' ,'''Some days, you feel like a 22-year-old and some days you feel like a 40-year-old.''' ,'''There will never be another Mariano Rivera. He was a friend and a champion of a teammate.''' ,'''John Wetteland had a very good curveball. He threw it for a strike, too, in any count, any situation. But, he really didn't use it much. He didn't want to throw it. He wanted to throw fastball-slider.''' ,'''There is only one Mariano Rivera. There won't be another person who will come along and do what he did. No one does it like him. It was an honor to catch him and play alongside him for as long as I did.''' ,'''I could never wear another uniform. I will forever be a Yankee.''' ,'''You gotta take care of yourself; you can't do anything in excess.''' ,'''There is only one Mariano Rivera. There won't be another person who will come along and do what he did. No one does it like him. It was an honor to catch him and play alongside him for as long as I did. He made my job as a catcher so much easier. Mariano is a special person and obviously a special player.''' ,'''I love all Puerto Rican food. I love rice and beans. I like anything with steak, chicken, pork. But I like chocolate and potato chips, too. I eat that when my wife goes away and isn't looking.''' ,]
+++