+++
author = "Reggie Lewis"
title = "Reggie Lewis Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Reggie Lewis Quotes"
keywords = "reggie lewis,reggie lewis quotes,reggie lewis quote,reggie lewis sayings,reggie lewis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Around here, though, people don't treat me any differently. That's to be expected. I don't mind at all, being in the shadow of three Hall of Famers. I just want to learn all I can from them.''' ,'''You have to step up when your number is called.''' ,'''Scoring a lot of points is great when you win, but when you lose it doesn't matter.''' ,'''I don't want the All-Star Game to be a one-time thing.''' ,'''I think around the league, I'm getting more respect. And that's great.''' ,'''Everybody else is calling this 'Reggie's Team' and that's fine with me. It's just another challenge I have to face, and I look forward to it.''' ,'''For me, that's natural. The instinct to score comes naturally and if you have it, you've got to go to it.''' ,'''Basically, I'm more confident in my whole game.''' ,'''I want to be back every year. If I don't go, I want it to be because someone else just was having a great season. I want it to at least be a close call.''' ,'''I worked a lot on my ball-handling and outside shooting during the off season.''' ,'''If I'm the weak link or whatever, I guess that means I've got something to prove. I've always had something to prove.''' ,'''I've never been scared of contact. Now I get to bring it, that's what I love to do, so I'm going to bring it.''' ,'''I never really looked at myself as a scorer, but if the shot is there, I'm certainly going to take it.''' ,'''The Knicks left me open a lot of times the last time we played them, and I was just making sure I took the shots that were there.''' ,]
+++