+++
author = "Kat Dennings"
title = "Kat Dennings Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Kat Dennings Quotes"
keywords = "kat dennings,kat dennings quotes,kat dennings quote,kat dennings sayings,kat dennings saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to see as many movies as I can and I covet a lot of weird influential movies.''' ,'''I'm really nearsighted, which has served me well.''' ,'''People are ruthless, man.''' ,'''I've been really lucky.''' ,'''I was a home-schooled kid, living in the forest, and I didn't even have cable. I'm serious.''' ,'''The more unsettling the more I feel at home.''' ,'''I haven't actually studied acting at all.''' ,'''If I had a robot friend, he or she would be electric.''' ,'''There aren't as many girl superheroes, but there are cool ones. Banshee, for instance.''' ,'''I think you can tell when someone is being dishonest as an actor.''' ,'''I am very outspoken, obviously, and I should say that I can't judge anyone for doing anything.''' ,'''There's stuff I don't like to rehearse, really emotional things, I don't like to rehearse. You just beat it to death.''' ,'''Quirky is what a guy would call a girl he doesn't understand.''' ,'''I don't think I've had a holiday in my entire life that wasn't about my dad's work.''' ,'''My mom took me to a Dolly Parton concert when I was 3.''' ,'''My first audition was for a commercial for the lottery. I didn't get it, so I hate the lottery.''' ,'''I buy food and gasoline - that's it.''' ,'''I've never been in jeopardy, but being an actor is a pretty shady place to be because you never know where your next job is.''' ,'''Actors make less than you think.''' ,'''I don't die in anything!''' ,'''I have nothing to hide!''' ,'''I'm still wearing Target and hand-me-downs.''' ,'''I really am pretty boring. There's no reason to take pictures of me.''' ,'''I have friends who are so sarcastic but I never view it as mean.''' ,'''Although anything can happen when under the influence of ice water.''' ,'''I can watch a movie and go, 'Oh, my god, that person is acting.' If you just listen to what the other person is saying, your response will always be genuine.''' ,'''I've never dyed my hair, never fixed my teeth or gotten a tan.''' ,'''I wrote a script with my brother which ended up, somehow, on the Black List in 2008.''' ,'''I'm from Pennsylvania, so I was in New York a lot and my brother lives in New York.''' ,'''I'm a very safe saver. I save everything. I save all my money and my parents raised me like that.''' ,'''Oh I'm a huge comic book movie fan.''' ,'''I can say that I had a particularly painful teenage-hood.''' ,'''I don't know, I like the word sassy.''' ,'''I always hold doors open, I always try to be nice.''' ,'''I would love to do a period movie. I've always wanted to wear the corset, you know. It's a girl thing!''' ,'''People make the mistake of drinking the Kool-Aid, believing your own hype, letting people tell you you're this or you're that or you're too this.''' ,'''I wasn't a rebel.''' ,'''I can't imagine wanting to be famous just for the sake of being famous. I think fame should come along with success, talent.''' ,'''I tried being anorexic for four hours, and then I was like, I need some bagels.''' ,'''I was a Girl Scout!''' ,'''I'm really comfortable with myself.''' ,'''If you don't like me, it's your problem.''' ,'''I've played every instrument you could possibly think of for 10 minutes. So I'm mediocre at everything. I can play drums, guitar, piano, violin, saxophone, clarinet, flute... Just not well.''' ,'''I was a very unique child.''' ,'''Any glamorous moment you might mistake me for having is always pretend.''' ,'''I'm a reclusive weirdo.''' ,'''I don't really think about doing something kind, I think there's just a way to conduct your daily life with compassion to other people.''' ,]
+++