+++
author = "Rajpal Yadav"
title = "Rajpal Yadav Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Rajpal Yadav Quotes"
keywords = "rajpal yadav,rajpal yadav quotes,rajpal yadav quote,rajpal yadav sayings,rajpal yadav saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel that warmth in Salman Khan. He is a best guide.''' ,'''In 1997, I was an unknown struggler; In 2018, I am a well-known beginner.''' ,'''When I decided to direct a film, I went through around 200 to 300 scripts. Out of which, 12 subjects were finalized and 'Aata Pata Laapta' emerged as the winner.''' ,'''I got a break in 1999 in Ram Gopal Varma's 'Jungle.' I won awards for 'Jungle.'''' ,'''Every day is a beginning and learning day - there is no right age to begin learning.''' ,'''I didn't want to do an item role as a Sikh in 20 years of my career. Once, in 'Chor Machaaye Shor,' Bobby Deol and I disguised ourselves as sardars to save ourselves, but I refused many other roles.''' ,'''I feel an actor is an entertainer first then a performer.''' ,'''I am an actor and can perform any role depending on the requirement of the film. I have done several serious and multi-dimensional roles.''' ,'''I don't think negatively.''' ,'''Besides acting, I had learnt a lot about entertainment at the Bhartendu Natya Academy, Lucknow and the National School of Drama, Delhi, which I had not been able to put to use. That inspired me to take up direction.''' ,'''People who call me a comic actor are uneducated. It is their weakness. I feel pity for them.''' ,''''Padosan' is a three-dimensional film. The chemistry between Saira Banu, Sunil Dutt and Mehmood is too good.''' ,''''Bhopal: A Prayer for Rain' is a film seen through my eyes. I play a labourer.''' ,'''The third line of cinema today is neither art nor commercial but categorized as good and bad cinema. I think two films - 'Main, Meri patni aur Who' and 'Main Madhuri Dixit Banna Chahti Hoon' were the base films for this new line of cinema.''' ,'''It's true that I have never done something like 'Yaar Dhokebaaz, Pyaar Dhokebaaz.' I colored my hair golden-brown. I am bare-chested in the song and have my own style of dancing. I thoroughly enjoyed what I was doing.''' ,'''I don't have regrets from either life or the industry. I'm happy and satisfied with life.''' ,'''I don't like the tag of comedy. I think I have done all kind of roles - negative, serious and entertaining.''' ,'''I don't want to carry the burden of the past with me.''' ,'''I feel comedy is one of the strongest emotions that an actor portrays and the most powerful one too.''' ,'''Height would be an issue for those who are uneducated.''' ,'''Challenges are what inspire me. I therefore accept whatever comes my way, be it supporting roles or character roles.''' ,'''I always believe that if we Hindus are like milk, Punjabis, Sikhs are the butter, the best part of that milk. Brought up with that kind of respect for Punjabis, I always desired to play a true Sikh character on screen someday.''' ,'''I have been wanting to add an 'a' in my name for a long time. Finally, I managed to do that.''' ,'''If I have to choose one person, the one person who inspired Rajpal Yadav is Raj Kapoor saab.''' ,'''I used to interact with the fellow prisoners during recreation activity; I used to conduct an interactive session that we named 'Rajpal Ki Paathshala.'''' ,'''If I am known as a comedian or I get to be known as one, it is because of one of two reasons - either you have not tried or you have accepted it.''' ,'''Where I come from in U.P., there is a whole settlement of Punjabis who converted sandy, barren lands into green fields swaying with agricultural produce. So, I have always had great respect for the Punjabi community.''' ,'''My father is a very sweet man. He has led a very honest life. Perhaps it's the result of his goodness that I am doing well in my career.''' ,'''A filmmaker who is good today might go on to fail tomorrow, and one that is not so good today, might become successful.''' ,'''If I had to worry about whether I'm ugly or short, I wouldn't get anywhere.''' ,'''It is difficult to pinpoint my favorite comedies.''' ,'''I want to be a three-dimensional actor, excelling in comedy, negative roles and even serious roles.''' ,'''While Bollywood still remains my priority, I always wanted to do regional cinema. There are so many people who don't know Hindi, so I decided to do regional films wherein even those who don't know me can see my work.''' ,'''While shooting in Patiala, I never felt as if I was shooting here for first time, such was the love I got from the locals and Punjabi actors shooting with me.''' ,'''I get bored easily.''' ,'''Like every day, the sun's rays are different, so is Rajpal Yadav.''' ,'''I love comedy but I am Rajpal Yadav. I am not a comedian.''' ,'''If your timing is not correct then comedy will become tragedy.''' ,'''There are three things. Either somebody invested Rs 5 crore or somebody loaned this much money. The third thing is that Rajpal Yadav was involved in a fraud. Only one of these three things can be right. Please let me know which of these I am getting punished for.''' ,'''My elder brother wants to build a girls' college in Shahjanpur in U.P. We don't have good education system and the security for girls in school and colleges in our village is dismal. So I am going to fully support my brother in whatever he is doing.''' ,'''I don't need to use bad language as a means of earning or for entertainment.''' ,'''I came to Mumbai from a village to become a good actor and fortunately I have really got much love from my industry and audience and that is really satisfactory for me.''' ,'''My wife is 5 ft 5, but I'm happy with whatever God has given me.''' ,'''I don't suffer from an inferiority complex because of my looks.''' ,'''I never shoot for a film telling myself that I have to make people laugh. I can't even do stand-up comedy.''' ,'''David Dhawan is the scientist of entertainment and has given me the opportunity over the last 20 years to work in several films.''' ,'''I speak Marathi fluently and even during shoots I make it a point to speak in the language for most of the time.''' ,'''I think the law is equal for everyone and no one is immune from the law of the nation, the legal system.''' ,'''I am a workaholic man and I am used to working from morning to evening.''' ,'''I like interacting with people.''' ,'''I always want to represent the common man.''' ,'''Until we got married, Radha didn't utter a word of English and now she won't speak Hindi. Her Hindi's pretty good actually - she learnt it while watching Hindi movies.''' ,'''If becoming a big star means doing a film that I can't watch with my daughter, I don't want to become that star.''' ,'''Dara Singhji's voice and personality can't be duplicated. He was one of his kind.''' ,'''I have a problem being called a comedian. An actor must never be typecast in one way or the other.''' ,'''I loved every minute of the scripting, writing and developing of 'APL.'''' ,'''Everyone is born, and has a death date. The days in between are meant to live, which is why I am not afraid of anyone.''' ,'''When women are more educated, the nation progresses.''' ,'''I personally don't identify with the character of a man who suffers inferiority complex due to a difference in height with his wife. I am a very confident person in real life and have no such hang-ups.''' ,'''Even though I've acted in many films, I have directed for the first time, and I will always consider myself a student.''' ,'''Whether the role or the film is big or small, doesn't matter to me. It has to excite me.''' ,'''If you manage to joke around and charm people, it means that from inside, you are very serious.''' ,'''I never did comedy or tragedy. I just live a situation and my mission is to entertain people.''' ,'''Everyone in this country loves me I will not to do any role which will demean my name.''' ,'''I can't be typecast as a comedian. Only an actor capable of doing three-dimensional roles can do comedy.''' ,'''Varun Dhawan supported me a lot. Varun is very hard working and a good friend as well.''' ,''''Time to Dance' is a very unique film as entire team has really worked hard. I am not playing dancer's role but I always try to entertain my audience no matter if it is serious or comedy role.''' ,'''I have been following Charlie Chaplin since my childhood days. He is an inspiration to everyone.''' ,'''I don't think that in humor and jokes, in whatever way they are done, there is any kind of disrespect.''' ,'''When I had entered Bollywood, I had decided that in the first decade of my career, I will do what others ask me to do, and in the next decade, I will do what I want.''' ,'''The way Raj Kapoor saab acted and directed all his life, I don't think there is anyone today who can even touch him. He was also from a theatre background. I consider him the teacher of creativity.''' ,'''I will do films that will satisfy me and surprise the audience into saying, 'look where Rajpal started from and where has he reached today.'''' ,'''Some people don't have hands, some don't have eyes - these people's struggle in life is real. We have been blessed with everything - a pair of eyes, ears, hands. What do we have to worry about? About having one more foot added to our height? Just because I am not six feet, won't I be respected?''' ,'''I'm a very serious man in real life.''' ,'''If you have capabilities then the audience will accept you with an open gate. The way you would show them your identity, they will accept you. But you should have the honesty to show your true identity.''' ,'''Everyone told me that I shouldn't have started a production house, but I think otherwise.''' ,'''I respect my constitution and country a lot.''' ,'''If Rajpal Yadav will be known by a name the reason behind it will only be Rajpal Yadav and no one else.''' ,'''Life has many of its own complexities, people don't want to see that on screen too.''' ,'''The atmosphere in my house wasn't of the creative kind at all. No one in my family is remotely connected with films.''' ,'''In India, big stars like Akshay Kumar or Salman Khan do comedy and serious films and we call them great actors. But when it comes to actors of my stature, people rush to typecast me as a comedian without giving a look to all my work.''' ,'''You can practice dance, climbing a mountain and action stunts, but to get your timing right you have to have the power of imagination and an alert mind.''' ,'''I feel lucky that I have been getting nice roles in the comic genre.''' ,'''My relationship with David Dhawan saab is 20 years old. He has always loved me like a son.''' ,'''Body shaming comes from prejudice and it does not hold any importance in my life. All that matters is my hard work, my mission and my vision; now that shouldn't be short!''' ,'''My wife's half-Indian, her father's from Uganda and she was born in Canada. Her sister speaks French and their family speaks a little Gujarati, and I'm talking about Gujarati from 1940! And just think - Rajpal Yadav in the middle of all this. What a contrast!''' ,'''When I visit my village, relatives or even when I am at a film shoot, I try to observe my surroundings and understand the environment.''' ,'''I thank the audience of this country who have showered me with love and like to watch me.''' ,'''I always had this concept of mobile theatre, to promote the learning of acting.''' ,'''I will not do a film if a family can't see it together.''' ,'''I have always hoped and prayed that everyone grows in their lives, but I still want to be the smallest person. I am scared to become big. It fills you with unnecessary things such as ego, jealousy, etc.''' ,'''I call it a comedy film, but I feel that is because 'Sholay' is a complete film. It is the best in every aspect. You see the music, the editing, dialogues, action, drama, tragedy, and the emotions of this film and you will find everything is perfect. It is a flawless film.''' ,'''No filmmaker is God.''' ,'''I love to experiment with my choice of roles. There's nothing to lose or gain when you do that. The returns are either zero or hundred per cent, but in either case you have the satisfaction of knowing that you tried something new.''' ,'''Till the age of 40, actors are pleasing others, but after that is the time to command characters and ask for what we want from script writers.''' ,'''When somebody offers you a role which you might not have done for a long time then it becomes a challenge for you.''' ,'''I don't know how to pray and don't believe in any superstitions, but my belief in myself is very strong.''' ,'''I have two mothers - Maa and cinema, so I am grateful to Bollywood for giving me a lot.''' ,'''In Uttar Pradesh there is a district called Shahjahanpur. Fifty kilometers from Shahjahanpur, there is a small, cosy village called Kulra, where my entire family lives.''' ,'''If people wish to meet you or speak with you, you can say you are still relevant.''' ,]
+++