+++
author = "Loni Love"
title = "Loni Love Quotes"
quotes_len = "79"
description = "the best 79 Loni Love Quotes"
keywords = "loni love,loni love quotes,loni love quote,loni love sayings,loni love saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think that, for so long, there was only one type of actor, and now you see these different colors, different people, different shapes and different sizes. It just makes it more interesting.''' ,'''I'm hearing from fans about how they got out of an abusive relationship. That's why I tell people you've got to watch 'The Real.' We are about comedy and inspiration, but personal moments come up, and people are moved by it.''' ,'''One of my dreams was to change the way women of color were seen on television.''' ,'''At my job, my manager had a massive heart attack; we had layoffs. It made me realize that nothing is certain, nothing is for sure, and if I'm going to make a move, I gotta make a move now.''' ,'''When you're a plus-sized girl, belts are your best friends. I also love bright colors and skirts, to show my pretty knees.''' ,'''I always tell people if you want to do something, go to a great comedy show. And that's what I try to do: give people a really good comedy show.''' ,'''I worked harder at my craft, and it took some time, but here I am today doing what I want to do, which is entertain people.''' ,'''I will never say never, but I can tell you right now - I am perfectly happy with being who I am. I just - I really - I'm an entertainer, and the thing that I'd decided to work on was my career, and I decided the energy that I was putting in certain relationships - I was really kind of wasting my time, and I knew it.''' ,'''I couldn't be where I am today if I had children. My focus would be on my children and home. And you can do it later in life.''' ,'''Mom was a nurse's aide. She worked in various hospitals. She took care of us that way, and we ate government cheese. I survived.''' ,'''I have a fear of being broke. That's what I have a fear of. I'm not kidding.''' ,'''Even when I was an engineer, I was a comic on my job. At birthday and holiday parties, I was the one scheduling and emceeing. If you work on your gift, and you're good, it will shine through.''' ,'''I like having peace and quiet in my life, and I am perfectly happy in my relationships.''' ,'''Men don't know how to act like men sometimes. Take the trash out. Open up the door. Rub my feet. I mean, it's a two-way street!''' ,'''Seriously, I love my gays. They accept me, and I accept them. Imperfections and all, we accept each other.''' ,'''People are getting picked up off the street and getting a show, and it's because we're not using the people that are trying to be entertainers - use more of them.''' ,'''I appreciate the audience for checking us as comics.''' ,'''I keep doing stand-up because the world needs laughter - there's always something happening in the country and in the world. That's why I wanted to become an entertainer: to help people forget about their problems for a little while.''' ,'''I am the funny, crazy person.''' ,'''Anyone driving a 1992 Cutlass, take it back, because I built it.''' ,'''I do think the audiences have a right to judge what they feel is offensive and not.''' ,'''I do talk about celebrity relationships like Kim Kardashian's. I like to find the humor in love.''' ,'''The president of CBS handpicked me for the 'Star Search' revival, which Arsenio Hall hosted. He picked 12 comics, and I was the only female. I always look to that as inspiration.''' ,'''As a stand-up comic, you have to do the road.''' ,'''I've been studying myself because I always want to improve.''' ,'''There is nothing like a live performance. You can look at things on television, and you can look at things on YouTube, but when you get in a room full of people and you say one joke, and everyone's laughing at the same thing, it's a really great experience.''' ,'''I do like to laugh at and talk about relationships.''' ,'''That's a nice thing about being a topical standup: you can add in things to keep it fresh.''' ,'''I'm what you call a satisfied single. I don't want to give any trip reports when I come home.''' ,'''It is harder to dress a bigger woman no matter what anybody wants to say.''' ,'''Being in the Girl Scouts took me out of the projects environment and showed me different things.''' ,'''Now AOL is the grandma of online Web services. I mean, we don't need it anymore.''' ,'''It's been a long haul. It may seem to some people that have never heard of me, 'Oh she just popped up on the scene,' but I've been working on this for some time.''' ,'''What we're trying to do is take these words and soften them. I'm an African-American comic. I use the b-word in my act.''' ,'''I'll see something, and I'll go, 'Oh, wow, that's interesting,' because really, comedy comes from the truth.''' ,'''Now that I live in Los Angeles, if I meet somebody from Detroit, it's like there's this brother- or sisterhood, where we're real folks.''' ,'''Whatever you're destined to do, you will be.''' ,'''In 'Mother's Day,' which is directed by legendary director Garry Marshall, I play a mother figure to the character played by Jason Sudeikis from 'Saturday Night Live.' He's a widower, and I'm a mother who's helping him to get over the loss of his wife.''' ,'''I'm fat, and I support fat celebrities, like Oprah.''' ,'''They're smart in Orange County. Smart and rich - just how I like 'em.''' ,'''The thing is, it's that Detroiters are hard workers. We've always been hard workers, even when times are down. I've been able to take that with me, that work ethic, to help me build my career.''' ,'''The late, great Joan Rivers actually gave me so much advice, and she was so nice to me before she passed.''' ,'''I did all this standup comedy in college, and from that point on, I tried to develop myself and get my name back out there.''' ,'''I've seen Don Rickles up at the Montreal Comedy Festival. Don Rickles was doing jokes in a wheelchair, and he was headlining a show. Do you think they would let a woman do that?''' ,'''Being a former engineer, you learn to always go back, study yourself, see what you could've done differently, see what you could've said.''' ,'''I have relationships. I date. But it takes a lot to say I'm going to be married and have children.''' ,'''I don't have a lot of time for television because I am making it, so it's really hard for me to sit down. But when I do get a chance, I try to catch up on 'Scandal,' 'Empire' and 'black-ish.'''' ,'''My material reaches everyone.''' ,'''What helped was that my mother, even though we didn't have a lot of money... allowed me to take part in the Girl Scouts.''' ,'''If you are a woman with your own money, you have confidence. You have the pick of the litter.''' ,'''When we heard that little dial-up sound, that eeeeee, and then you connected, and you then go and you check your mail and you get that 'you got mail,' you were excited. I mean, that was the thing.''' ,'''If you think about how many headlining female comics are out there, you could say 15, maybe 20?''' ,'''We provide comedy for everybody, no matter what your race or gender. We just want people to come out and have a really good time.''' ,'''I don't want to get married - I've been there and done that. So I know what I'm talking about when I say that. And for everybody has a different path - find out your path! And if you want to do it, don't let people make you feel inadequate because you wanted to do something that's different.''' ,'''We have to remember that people are free to love who they want to love. That also means that black women are free to love who they want to love.''' ,'''Life is funny, and that's why I celebrate it in my shows.''' ,'''One day, we had a layoff at my job. And I went to my boss, and I said, 'Please save someone else's job. This is a win-win situation for the company and me - and just lay me off.' I did that in around 2003, and I never looked back. I became a full-time comic.''' ,''''SNL' ain't been relevant since Jim Belushi. It's on every week; it's not funny. They need to find some black women to put on there to make it funny.''' ,'''Really, it hasn't changed for female comics; it's still hard for females to really enter the game.''' ,'''You men make up these rules, and now you get mad because I'm telling you what a real woman wants. She wants you to treat her like a lady if you want her to sit up there and put on all the lingerie!''' ,'''The thing is being honest with yourself. There's no rule that says you have to be married and have kids.''' ,'''I was a latchkey kid, so when I saw the 'Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous,' that showed me that there was a different type of lifestyle out there. I was curious about it and amazed about it.''' ,'''I am a seasoned performer.''' ,'''People say they get a warmness from me.''' ,'''Black women know that we've got to take care of it - so we take care of it. It's just embedded in us.''' ,'''Miss Britney Spears took a dude that was already with a girl that had babies. And sometimes when you do that kind of stuff and take a dude, that's called karma.''' ,'''It's always good to laugh.''' ,'''Everything that I've done on television has helped me to get the exposure that I need.''' ,'''I just do jokes about real situations, pure observation.''' ,'''That's the one thing I have to say to females. If you don't have a certain look, or if you look a certain way, they won't accept you.''' ,'''I love being a regular on 'Chelsea Lately!'''' ,'''I tend to be everybody's best friend, and it kind of goes over into my comedy.''' ,'''I never wanted a traditional lifestyle. I'm not that kind of person.''' ,'''I made the conscious decision to not have kids, and I didn't want to be married.''' ,'''I used to be an engineer, and I was the worst engineer in the United States of America. That's why I became a comic.''' ,'''Everybody wants to say females aren't as funny as men. That's not true. You just don't see as many because it takes a lot to do this occupation.''' ,'''I started by doing a little funny story, and then I started going to open mics. I realized I had a lot of work to do - you have to get over the stage fright and get your stage presence up. It took me some time, but I finally feel that I'm at a point where I feel comfortable on stage and giving my point of view.''' ,'''Being a female comic and getting a Comedy Central special is an honor because not a lot of women get that.''' ,'''With comedy, I try to steer toward, you know, talking about people that do crazy things, messed-up things. That's what I like to talk about.''' ,]
+++