+++
author = "Franz Von Holzhausen"
title = "Franz Von Holzhausen Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Franz Von Holzhausen Quotes"
keywords = "franz von holzhausen,franz von holzhausen quotes,franz von holzhausen quote,franz von holzhausen sayings,franz von holzhausen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Historically, there has been a gap between single-purpose racecars and street-legal models - commonly called supercars - that emulate the real racers on the road.''' ,'''We seem to want one vehicle to carry people and soccer balls and hay bales.''' ,'''Why is it we want one car to do everything?''' ,'''I don't understand how I can pay $299 for iPhone and then get in my car and still have to turn knobs.''' ,'''Model S has, really, the ready-to-wear elements. Gen 3 has the opportunity to be more couture.''' ,'''We still see that people don't really realize that electric cars are here right now. And when we show up with an actual vehicle, and you see it drive away under its own power, it's still kind of a jaw-dropping moment for a lot of people.''' ,'''Tesla is changing the paradigm. We're going to turn the world on its ear and create high demand through design.''' ,'''We're looking for the early adopter who considers style to be an important part of the purchase decision. But they'll be getting a practical car with plenty of trunk space they can use for picking up building supplies at Home Depot.''' ,'''Sports cars from the '50s and '60s are my favorites.''' ,'''My sister has kids, including two in baby seats, and she drives a minivan. I had to climb over the car seats to get into the back seat, and it seemed ridiculous to have to do gymnastics to get in and out of the car.''' ,'''Why shouldn't a car key look like a car?''' ,'''The thing I love about electric vehicles is not stopping in gas stations. We're so accustomed to that... Now I'm in control of when I refuel.''' ,'''We have an opportunity with the Model S to refine the design language, the surfacing, and all aspects of functionality.''' ,'''People want to feel good about the choices they make. They want to know they're choosing material that's not going to harm the environment.''' ,'''My mom marched into the reservation tent and reserved a Model X for herself. She drives a Jeep; she has four grandchildren. She didn't ask my dad. She just went ahead and did it.''' ,'''There is a new hunger in the air for automotive design and looking to where automobiles are going in the future. Tesla will capture this through good design and engineering.''' ,'''Women don't want an overly feminine vehicle - they want to feel secure.''' ,]
+++