+++
author = "Kemp Muhl"
title = "Kemp Muhl Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Kemp Muhl Quotes"
keywords = "kemp muhl,kemp muhl quotes,kemp muhl quote,kemp muhl sayings,kemp muhl saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew up with a lot of classical music around.''' ,'''Sean and I are fighting so many cliches, it's funny. But ultimately we just want to play people the songs we wrote while we were in our pajamas, in love.''' ,'''I was lonely as a young teenager and my only companion was an acoustic guitar. I would bring it with me on modeling trips.''' ,'''When Sean came to meet my parents, the first thing my dad did when he picked him up at the airport was to take him right to a shooting range. My dad was like, 'I want to see how he shoots.'''' ,'''I grew up listening to a lot of Simon & Garfunkel and Peter, Paul and Mary. I know that sounds dorky, but I always responded strongly to that kind of lyric-driven folk music.''' ,'''I think every man should have a pair of boots. They're really sexy. Leather boots, cowboy boots, it depends. I really like the ones from the Seventies with the heels.''' ,'''I've definitely evolved into a monster.''' ,'''Sean was a lot shyer lyrically in his solo career. I think because his father was such a great lyricist it was hard to tackle that.''' ,'''I started writing songs with my best friend Eden Rice when were in our early teens. We performed together at local coffee shops in suburban Atlanta as Kemp and Eden, until fate intervened and we were separated.''' ,'''Give me PVC, not P.C.''' ,'''We love creating these fantastical worlds, and that really comes from things like 'Strawberry Fields Forever' and 'I Am The Walrus.'''' ,'''We're pretty much Luddites when it comes to demos; we don't do anything too elaborate or high-tech.''' ,'''When Sean and I are old, we're just going to compose weird abstract symphonies.''' ,'''There's room for many definitions of masculinity in the modern era.''' ,'''My theory is that the only people who hate hipsters are hipsters.''' ,'''We think the juxtaposition between banjo solos and songs about the future are really funny.''' ,'''I come from a Catholic Republican military family in Georgia - the antithesis of Sean's hippie-artist-peacenik background.''' ,'''I'm not a stickler for appropriateness.''' ,'''My father is a retired army colonel, and my family is into hunting.''' ,'''I think it's now really feminine, jaunty-cool to carry a little clutch like you would a football.''' ,'''Well, I didn't go to Julliard or anything. I'm basically self-taught. When I was younger, I wrote folk songs on a guitar my father gave me.''' ,'''Some of the greatest guitarists, historically, have had no chops, they've just had great taste. I know a lot of musical school kids who just have no taste.''' ,'''It's definitely a hard pill to swallow; the son of John Lennon and a model having a band together is a cliche. But I think that once people get past that I think there's been a really warm reception to our music.''' ,'''When I became a model I was traveling a lot.''' ,'''I started off liking uptight music and then discovered Pink Floyd and Hendrix.''' ,'''We're so bored of plastic, prime-time predictability.''' ,'''We have entered an age where religious ideologies and nuclear technology coexist. This alone is a terrifying concept, plus the fact that humanity is like Icarus, flirting with how close we can get to the sun of technology before our wax wings melt.''' ,'''The idea of old world instruments mixed with sci-fi, futuristic lyrics, playing baroque guitar on a song about a robot boy and a banjo solo on a song about white noise - that's our sense of humor.''' ,'''We want to return to an era when we think music was better basically but still infuse it with something modern.''' ,'''When it comes to touch and feel as a musician, style is infinitely more important than chops.''' ,'''We love the juxtaposition of something saccharine with something morbid.''' ,'''I want to be riding with the Four Horsemen!''' ,'''Very few empowered couples work together as peers.''' ,'''Because I'm a little ADD, I would like to incorporate even more facets to my career eventually, such as writing and directing films.''' ,'''Everyone has this idea of Serge Gainsbourg and Jane Birkin: the woman being pretty and prancing around while the guy writes all the songs.''' ,'''We are obsessive NPR listeners.''' ,'''If you're going to have a rock band, you've got to do it while you're young.''' ,]
+++