+++
author = "Kemar Roofe"
title = "Kemar Roofe Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Kemar Roofe Quotes"
keywords = "kemar roofe,kemar roofe quotes,kemar roofe quote,kemar roofe sayings,kemar roofe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''At Anderlecht, if you don't win in style, it means nothing.''' ,'''We signed up my little girl to a modelling agency. This week she was doing a TV commercial for Aldi. She's done JD, Next, Speedos. She enjoys it.''' ,'''You're coming off the training pitch properly tired. You'd be empty. You couldn't go and do extra finishing.''' ,'''When you're in control, when confidence is high, everything moves slower around you.''' ,'''I kept going because I just love football. But you get to the point where you're not getting the rewards or seeing any progression and that knocks your enthusiasm. That's why I decided to come to Oxford.''' ,'''In League Two, it wasn't easy. You quickly learn how important it is to win games.''' ,'''I'd reached the point at West Brom where I'd play well, score goals, set up goals and nothing would come from it. I'd go home, come back the next day and everything would be the same. No reward, no response.''' ,'''Everyone will expect me to score in every game, which probably isn't realistic, but I'll go out trying to do that.''' ,'''I've been fortunate enough to play for Leeds and Anderlecht, who are massive in Belgium.''' ,'''Some people actually pay bills with their win bonuses. If you don't win, there isn't anyone in the dressing-room smiling or joking or saying, 'Oh, there's always the next game.' In those lower divisions, losing actually hurts people and affects lives.''' ,'''Rangers are a huge club with ambition and I know this is the right fit for me to progress my career.''' ,'''My brother Alex is so creative. He's good at making stuff and runs his own clothing brand.''' ,'''You can't beat playing in front of a crowd, scoring, winning, the adrenalin.''' ,'''When you look at the vast amounts of money in the Premier League - and some extent the Championship - people think all footballers get paid a lot. But there's a different side. In League Two, it's dog-eat-dog. You must work for your money by getting results.''' ,'''I went to Northampton on loan, it was long ball, not really my style. It was hard for me to make a mark.''' ,'''I believe I did well in the under-21s, did everything that was asked of me.''' ,'''As a footballer, you want to keep testing yourself and you also want to be playing at the biggest clubs possible.''' ,'''I am looking forward to experiencing Ibrox and am excited to play in Europe.''' ,'''In my past, I've been blessed to be able to play in front of the Leeds fans and Anderlecht fans.''' ,'''I never focus on anyone else that I can't control. I'm at Rangers and want to contribute. There can only be one winner but, of course, I want to see Rangers' journey to the end.''' ,'''My aims have always been to win titles and cups, to qualify for European football and to play in the Europa League or the Champions League.''' ,]
+++