+++
author = "Kim Fields"
title = "Kim Fields Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Kim Fields Quotes"
keywords = "kim fields,kim fields quotes,kim fields quote,kim fields sayings,kim fields saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I keep in touch with a lot of people I work with.''' ,'''I have an amazing husband who is a strong man of God. He is very dedicated to me and our family.''' ,'''I hold onto the Scripture that says, 'Be anxious for nothing, but in all things give thanks.' I'm not saying I don't have problems or that I don't worry, but I try not to be stressed. I manage my anxiety through prayer. Worry shows up on your face, and I don't want that!''' ,'''It's funny how God will just keep using you, and our motto around our family forever has been, 'Just let Him use you.'''' ,'''I think my issues with the Internet surround people who become 'overnight celebrities.' It's like, really? You put something on YouTube, and they Auto-Tuned it, and now you're a star, and you have a TV show, and you have a record deal.''' ,'''Balance is so important. We all have to cut up our clock to find out what works for you. If you're ineffective, you're using bad clock management, and you have to adjust. Using a basketball reference, the team who wins is the team that can make adjustments in real time.''' ,'''We did a reunion when TV One first launched episodes of 'Living Single'. Every time any of the gang comes through Atlanta, though, we always visit.''' ,'''It's a blessing to be a part of television shows that were, to a certain extent, staples in a lot of people's lives and as far as their entertainment lives.''' ,'''My husband's name is Christopher Morgan, and we met in Atlanta. My two children are Sebastian and Quincy.''' ,'''I don't feel that I was often compartmentalized as an African-American actor, yet I am fully aware of the plight that actors, directors and producers of color face in our industry. I choose to focus on being proactive in creating opportunities for myself and others while acknowledging that we are not playing on a level playing field.''' ,'''I was always very maternal with my friends. I wasn't the kind of little girl that played with dolls and pretended I was the mommy. I wasn't that child, so when I say I was always maternal, I don't mean in that sense - but I've always been a nurturer.''' ,'''As a director, I love being able to really be a contributing factor to the overall vision of a project.''' ,'''Gospel music to me has always been a balm for the soul. It has been able to usher in the spirit, usher in worship, true worship and praise, healing. I find the music to be very good at healing and the passion, you know, which is a testimony being told in song.''' ,'''Working with Will Smith was one of the highlights of my career. He is so talented and has a tremendous work ethic. We are still friends, and I reach out to him and his partner to pitch ideas. He loves my mother. In fact, my mother was his son Jaden's acting coach for the movie 'Pursuit of Happiness.'''' ,'''I always felt that I had a childhood. I went to regular school whenever I wasn't working. At one point, I wanted to be a marine biologist.''' ,'''I give and give, and sometimes I can't find me. I'm sure many moms and wives go down that same rabbit hole.''' ,'''God-willing and prayerfully, we are always growing and changing and developing personally and professionally.''' ,'''The first choice for me is what's going to make me stretch out in my craft?''' ,'''I love the fact that Atlanta has given the entertainment industry an additional and growing hub. The opportunities personally and professionally have been a wonderful blessing.''' ,'''Acting is my first love. There are still so many characters inside of me that are waiting to come out.''' ,'''I'm not just considered a former child star. I'm not considered a black actress. I'm not considered an actress. I've done roles that were written for men. First and foremost is God: I definitely believe in Him having kind of mapped out what my destiny was going to be.''' ,'''Family is very important to me. People often ask me how I managed to stay grounded and sane, having started as a child star and growing up in the industry, and really, it's God. But it's also my family and God in my family.''' ,'''There has been a tremendous growth in the entertainment industry throughout Atlanta. There are many opportunities in film, television and theatre.''' ,'''I recognize that every role I play, I'm not going to play someone that has a ministry or that is a Christian, and I don't think that's what God has called me to do. The gift and talent that He's given me as an actor, director, producer is to entertain, sometimes to inform, most times to inspire.''' ,'''Lord knows I'm not the poster child for eating right and exercising, so I don't want to give that impression at all! This is the same person who people have watched have a weight problem in her teens, so come on!''' ,'''I recognize the unknowing, involuntary effect that 'Facts of Life' had and continues to have on several generations of people.''' ,'''I miss my 'Facts of Life' family. But I had been preparing myself to leave the show for some time before we called it quits.''' ,'''Being a mom is really the greatest role in my life.''' ,'''I've been asked for years to do a reality show. One of my criteria is that I would be given the opportunity to show a strong family unit.''' ,'''I've been very blessed as far as my faith sustaining me because it's not like I haven't been challenged and I haven't been tested and disappointed. But my faith does really bind me and keep me.''' ,'''I will encourage my kids in everything that life has to offer.''' ,'''I was never pushed into the industry. I was a very shy child. I was not one to perform for friends and family at every get-together.''' ,'''While I'm a New Yorker at heart, and 'Harlem Honey' runs through my veins, Atlanta - its awesome residents and glorious landscapes - has a special place in the hearts of my family and I.''' ,''''Facts of Life' was and continues to be a milestone on my journey. But when people act like the journey ended when 'Facts of Life' ended, that's annoying. I could never and would never want to divorce myself from it because it was such a great experience from so many different facets.''' ,'''I really enjoy theater. Performing live onstage is helping me to grow as an actress.''' ,'''Directing at seven-and-a-half months pregnant was lots of fun.''' ,]
+++