+++
author = "Richard G. Scott"
title = "Richard G. Scott Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Richard G. Scott Quotes"
keywords = "richard g. scott,richard g. scott quotes,richard g. scott quote,richard g. scott sayings,richard g. scott saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Freedom requires no effort to enjoy but requires heroic efforts to preserve.''' ,'''Only baptize them if you truly believe these people are ready, taking a little more time if necessary so the Holy Ghost can strengthen them a little more.''' ,'''Lay the burden at the feet of the Savior.''' ,'''The Lord will bless us with more baptisms if you make sure the ones you have are going to keep their commitments. The Lord will not prepare more people for baptism if we are not converting the ones we have.''' ,'''Think of the long view of life, not just what's going to happen today or tomorrow. Don't give up what you most want in life for something you think you want now.''' ,'''Create an atmosphere for the Spirit. The Spirit must be present.''' ,'''It doesn't do any good to argue. Be kind.''' ,'''The Book of Mormon is concrete and solid, they can hold it, and they can visualize that they have to pray to decide if this physical thing is true. There is no room for interpretation.''' ,'''Seek out your bishop. He will show you how to repent and will help you do it.''' ,'''The most difficult is the first family, to bring someone out of the world.''' ,'''Can you hang in there with your investigators when things get going tough? Don't give up on investigators because they have a little weakness. Work with them until the Holy Ghost tells you not to.''' ,'''No one had to worry about Peter after his conversion. Your investigators can be that converted.''' ,'''There are powerful emotions that bring two people together in wonderful harmony in a marriage. Satan knows this, and would tempt you to try these emotions outside of marriage. Do not stir emotions meant to be used only in marriage.''' ,'''A quiet impression could be a personal instruction from the Lord. It is personal and private. It comes from the Lord. Why is it important to keep sacred writings private? Because then He will give us more.''' ,'''Conversion is a very, very important part of what you are doing. We will have a responsibility to report to Heavenly Father regarding those we bring into the Church.''' ,'''Make a Goal Box, a chart of positive daily contact with a family when you are working with them.''' ,'''If we are not careful, we will convey the message that investigators have to be perfect. Not true!''' ,'''The Church is presided over personally by Jesus Christ.''' ,'''Some missionaries are giants in the Spirit and pygmies in skills in the Spirit. Work hard to develop a balance. Your leaders, and you, should teach the skills to each other.''' ,'''The Spirit communicating to your spirit is the most effective and fundamental of communications. Write it down. As you write down impressions of the Spirit, more are given.''' ,'''In quiet moments when you think about it, you recognize what is critically important in life and what isn't. Be wise and don't let good things crowd out those that are essential.''' ,'''We all get discouraged.''' ,'''The key to successful missionary work is a close relationship between the missionaries and the members. Creating an environment in working with members that will bring more into the Church.''' ,]
+++