+++
author = "Aurora"
title = "Aurora Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Aurora Quotes"
keywords = "aurora,aurora quotes,aurora quote,aurora sayings,aurora saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Oh, I've always been very... Emotional. 'Hypersensitive' is what they call it, I think.''' ,'''It's a very strange thing being recognized or looked upon as someone special.''' ,'''I absolutely adore Christmas.''' ,'''Even if my songs are quite sad or quite dark, I don't want my songs to make people sad. It's very important for me that all my songs have some kind of hope or light.''' ,'''I'm constantly trying to find new ways to get my hair out of my face.''' ,'''I usually write lyrics first, and then when I get home or close to any kind of instrument, I usually make a melody for those lyrics.''' ,'''Music is this divine thing, the closest that we can get to something divine. It's like this instinct we all own, and some of us have found a way to hear that music and write it down and share it with people.''' ,'''Everybody's got that split between the beautiful and fragile, the hard and the dark.''' ,'''It's very strange to go to cities like London and New York. People walk so quickly, they seem to be in a hurry all the time. And you don't say 'Hi' to everyone you meet, and you don't smile to everyone you meet, because there's just so many. Which is also very strange.''' ,'''I never dreamed of being a pop star when I was a child.''' ,'''I've been a lot more into Facebook and Twitter and Instagram, which was a bit complicated for me to understand the language of each social media, because they all talk in different ways. It's a nice way for me to tell people I appreciate them, which I forget to do sometimes.''' ,'''It's very fun to be the hunter of the sounds. The hunter of the right energy. And it's not really about if every sound is correct; it's more the energy - if it hits you in some way, it doesn't really matter to me if it's not perfect. I'm still very excited while hunting for songs.''' ,'''The world around me has changed, and I have learned to adapt but not change. But I'm changing into the woman I am meant to be.''' ,'''I can't read the newspaper without crying. I'm easily affected by horrible events, you see.''' ,'''If I see a mountain, I just pick up and hike it.''' ,'''Many of my fans often tell me that they listen to my songs to get through things. And therefore, obviously, I hope that they can picture being in a place where things are better... I hope my songs can bring people to a calm place.''' ,'''Young people can create beautiful things.''' ,'''Gojira is my favorite band of all time; they're lovely, I've seen them live two times. I also love Mastodon and the Refused as well.''' ,'''Bob Dylan is like an alien on this earth, and I love him! I cried when I saw him play live because I was so close to him.''' ,'''I like being able to be on the inside of music, rather than on the outside listening to it.''' ,'''If you try to protect yourself from pain, it becomes a stone in your heart. But the more you learn to face things, the more likely that stone can become a pearl.''' ,'''I'm very picky; I'm never happy with anything. It's so hard to give the record away and accept that you're done.''' ,'''I have this feeling that the world is not in balance. And people are afraid, but we're also starting to be really brave.''' ,'''When you're outside, and everything is highland, it's like nature has its own sound, and that's one of my favorite sounds. I really loved sitting still silently outside, in a tree or in a bush, to just think.''' ,'''I just wanted to be a songwriter. I did really not like the sound of my own voice.''' ,'''I'm very sensitive. I remember, as a kid at school, if someone in the classroom was sad or angry, it could have a great impact on me.''' ,'''You learn a lot from traveling around.''' ,'''I love all kinds of insects, and I've heard Australia has some really interesting bugs.''' ,'''Bob Dylan and Leonard Cohen. They're my biggest heroes. I love everything about Leonard Cohen: his lyrics and his voice. He seems like a really clever man, and Bob Dylan does as well. He's just really cool.''' ,'''My age is very insignificant to me. I don't think about it, but the world does. The world likes young people in general.''' ,'''In this big ball of people, I'm just one grain of sand on this beach.''' ,'''I really want a pet, and I really love animals.''' ,'''I'm so happy I discovered early how wonderful music makes me feel.''' ,'''Lots of songs aren't even from my experiences, but they're about accepting... the dark things about yourself.''' ,'''I love to be alone, and I did as a child as well, especially if I was outside.''' ,'''I don't understand why or how we can bully each other.''' ,'''Luckily for me, people don't scream at me that much in my everyday life.''' ,'''My music seems to have a bigger mission than I have, which is very soothing but also very strange because people see more in me than I see, which can be terrifying.''' ,'''My skin gets so dry and chapped, and the second I get off the plane, I apply so much sunscreen.''' ,'''I have always enjoyed watching my songs make people cry.''' ,'''You simply have to accept that your demons are a part of you.''' ,'''My body is quite tiny, but a lot of the emotions I feel are pretty explosive. They have to come out.''' ,'''Metal, I love metal sounds. If I have a stick with me, I just drag it across a fence. And all fences make different sounds, just like people when they laugh.''' ,'''It's very unnatural to be someone for so many people. But of course it's very nice.''' ,'''At first, I wasn't really keen on the idea of me being on stage having to sing in front of people.''' ,'''I'm such an emotional and sensitive person, so it only makes sense that my songs are as well.''' ,'''It seemed like a very small possibility for me to become an artist. I didn't have the need to be on the stage; I didn't feel the need to be heard. I just needed to write.''' ,'''I think that, whatever happens, I'm just happy I've written those songs and I've made an album. That's really big for me, and I'm proud of that.''' ,'''I think I have the nicest fans in the world, and I quite like being surrounded by people if we're all feeling the same emotion in the same room.''' ,'''I don't know, I feel desperate when I sing. And I look desperate - it feels like I'm singing for my life, which makes me twitch, if that makes sense.''' ,'''Talent is something that comes from within; it has nothing to do with age.''' ,]
+++