+++
author = "Edinson Cavani"
title = "Edinson Cavani Quotes"
quotes_len = "92"
description = "the best 92 Edinson Cavani Quotes"
keywords = "edinson cavani,edinson cavani quotes,edinson cavani quote,edinson cavani sayings,edinson cavani saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Football puts everything at your fingertips. And I was raised in a way that focused everything on looking after your family. Faith really helped me realise that the temptations that you have on hand will give you joy, enjoyment, whatever, but only for a short while. And after that, it is all gloom.''' ,'''It is normal for the press to create certain comparisons, but they are wrong to do that because each player is different, and they have their own ways of dealing with situations.''' ,'''I am a footballing worker - I am not a star.''' ,'''It's an honour for me to be one of PSG's forwards.''' ,'''Everyone is committed to giving their best and to putting in 100 percent in every match to win.''' ,'''I try to give everything for my team.''' ,'''When we are little, we always dream, and the first teams that come into your head are those on the world stage for their marketing, their image, their publicity. That makes you dream about how nice it would be to play for Real Madrid, to play for Barcelona.''' ,'''I always have the hunger to score, to be on the pitch and finish the team's moves.''' ,'''I would like to see Premier League teams play in Ligue 1 so we could see how good they are.''' ,'''In every team I have played with, and of all of the attackers I have played with, each one was different.''' ,'''I want to play in a club that gives me confidence.''' ,'''Every footballer knows the Premier League is a great league. It's very competitive, and it's among the best leagues in the world.''' ,'''I was born a footballer. Before I could walk, I was chasing balls.''' ,'''I've always said it, and the whole football world knows that Cavani is a centre-forward and that he has proven his worth in that position. Having said that, Cavani has shown other characteristics that can help the team, like winning the ball back, helping out defensively.''' ,'''I have great respect for the Premier League, for the teams, and the great players there.''' ,'''I read the Bible every day, study it, and share with my wife the blessings of faith.''' ,'''At Napoli, the greatest player of all time played here - Diego Armando Maradona. The fans expect the best, and quality players.''' ,'''I'll always thank all of the teams I played for from the bottom of my heart because they all helped me grow as a person and a footballer, but the three years I spent in Naples were fantastic. That city gave me everything - my name, maturity, and international recognition. I get very emotional when Naples is mentioned.''' ,'''It's always good to get back to your teammates.''' ,'''I am an athlete for Christ. That's why I play for Him, to give Him glory, to thank Him for giving me the ability to play football.''' ,'''I focus a lot more on the collective than the individual.''' ,'''The Palermo supporters are very passionate, but the Azzurri fans are unique.''' ,'''I think Falcao is one of the best strikers because of the way he plays, more than simply being a player with a lot of class, to define a game, a style of play. He's proven that he's a player who works hard; he's very strong both tactically and technically.''' ,'''The English teams are very difficult to face.''' ,'''I don't fear hostile atmospheres. In fact, that added pressure serves as an incentive for me to give my very best performance on the pitch.''' ,'''When, as a player, you have dreamed of playing at the highest level, it's normal that it gets your attention to be linked as a target as a possible addition to important clubs in the world.''' ,'''I play for pleasure, for the passion that I have as a football player.''' ,'''I would move back to Italy, but only to Napoli. I speak with respect for all of the clubs I played for, but all of my family and those who know me already know that this is where I left part of my heart.''' ,'''I have the same relationship with all my team-mates. For me, all my team-mates are the same.''' ,'''I want to go back to Uruguay and win the Libertadores.''' ,'''You feel many things during a match. There are things that annoy you. During important games, I do not always touch the ball a lot.''' ,'''Coaching changes are a part of football; they arrive ready to meet the goals they have been set, so you respect them and work with them like any other.''' ,'''PSG have personality.''' ,'''It's important for a striker to play in a position which is natural for him.''' ,'''Scoring a goal feels a bit like a liberating act. It is a mix of sensations that only strikers can feel in their own guts. We work for that, to score. It is like a commitment, an obligation we take with ourselves.''' ,'''I have always had a lot of responsibility, and I have always been committed wherever I have been asked to play.''' ,'''My style of game is a bit of a mix between a modern player and a traditional striker, more aggressive. The real, ultimate finisher.''' ,'''Football is a team sport, and each person plays a role - this is what counts.''' ,'''Every player has his way of playing.''' ,'''For Brazil or any other national team in the world, to play Uruguay is a commitment and a very tough match.''' ,'''The Napoli fans want players who put their heart and soul into the match and who fight for every possession.''' ,'''I like playing football wherever I can.''' ,'''My objective is not to play for money, as I just want to leave good memories. That is the most important thing!''' ,'''As long as I am playing football, I am prepared to play wherever I have to.''' ,'''A footballer must be prepared to be welcomed when all is well and to receive criticism when things are not working out. Of course, it is not easy nor pleasant to hear negative things about you.''' ,'''When I fish, there are a lot of images that come to my mind of when I was a child. I did not have things I have now, so to go fishing now is completely different. I am very grateful for all that I have acquired in life.''' ,'''In football, you can't always play well, and sometimes there will be criticism. Sometimes when I get a lot, it helps me. It makes me work even harder to improve and make the critics a little more positive.''' ,'''Fishing gives me peace, tranquillity. And also, as a forward player, it helps me with my eyes.''' ,'''The best teams in Europe play in the Champions League, and when you face them, sometimes you win, sometimes you lose.''' ,'''In Uruguay, there is a football pitch every hundred metres, whether it is made by grass, small stones, or sand. This has been my football education.''' ,'''One of the things that makes the best teams in the world the best is the fact that, across midfield and up top, they are capable of hurting you.''' ,'''Some people say I run too much, and by the time I arrive in front of goal, when I have to provide the finish, I am tired. But this is just my way of playing. I need to do this to score goals.''' ,'''I am aware that I am not extraordinarily gifted in terms of technique.''' ,'''I give the maximum. If things go well, I'm happy for myself, for the team, for the club, for the fans.''' ,'''I am a hard worker who looks to give everything.''' ,'''To become a striker, you need dedication, focus, and professionalism. When they pass you the ball inside the area, the first thing you think of is to score. To find the best way to finish.''' ,'''To me, every match is important.''' ,'''The most important thing is that everybody is professional on the pitch and gives 100 percent.''' ,'''What fulfills me are the goals that I have in life. And those goals are not just about scoring goals, although the goals give me a lot of strength and happiness.''' ,'''I always have belief in my country.''' ,'''When you are playing teams of this quality, you might get one or two good chances in 90 minutes; that is why it is so important that we take them.''' ,'''I have to work hard, just like any other player.''' ,'''A striker scores goals, but the goalkeepers saves them, the defenders close chances down, and all the credit is shared out.''' ,'''To get to the top, you must put in a lot of hard work, but you also need to be blessed with talent.''' ,'''There is nothing nicer than playing in a World Cup against France, England, or Spain. There is nothing nicer than instead of playing a friendly, you can play a game where, if you win, you can make history.''' ,'''I want to help my teammates, even if I'm a striker, because it's important to win back possession. But scoring is something incomparable.''' ,'''Some players like to go out partying, but I like the quiet life.''' ,'''In football, you don't know what can happen.''' ,'''I will not speak about my private life, but I am a professional, and I will always give my best.''' ,'''Napoli gave me so much, but I also gave something back - the best I could.''' ,'''Football is a sport where you never know what is going to happen between one match and the next.''' ,'''There's a lot of politics in football, and sometimes the real values of the sport, those human values, get lost.''' ,'''You never know what emotions will emerge. They can come on suddenly, when you least expect them.''' ,'''It's a personal challenge for me, to give the best of myself, to win titles, to score goals for my team, and to help when needed.''' ,'''I want to win something important with PSG.''' ,'''You always hope new players complete the team with their qualities.''' ,'''I've always said that wherever I have played, I've always respected that jersey, and I've always defended it as though I had been a supporter of the team all my life.''' ,'''When I was a little boy, there were a lot of children with physical problems in my hometown, and my parents used to work with them, and I learned a lot about that. Since I was a child, helping out, doing what I can, was something that fulfilled me.''' ,'''It is the entire team that has to work together. Football is a team game. We all have to give our all.''' ,'''Football is my passion, and who knows where I will play in the future - you cannot foresee that.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it is football, and we are all important on the pitch. We must play as a team and not listen to what others are saying.''' ,'''Football is about sacrifice, dedication, a lot of work, and friendship off the pitch.''' ,'''In Napoli, they trust me.''' ,'''If I have team-mates who can win individual accolades, then I will do everything to help them.''' ,'''I have never made a secret that I prefer to play centrally, it is where I feel I can get most goals from. At the same time, though, I also understand that you need to make sacrifices for the team.''' ,'''For me, the defender I respect the most is Giorgio Chiellini. He's one of the best defenders in the world. I really like the way he plays football on the pitch, the way he defends. He lives for the game. He transmits a sense of tranquillity to his team-mates. I have always admired his way to play.''' ,'''Nobody has the right to negatively judge a player like Balotelli, as people can make mistakes.''' ,'''I feel good next to Zlatan. He is a player of great class. He scares opponents because he can score at any moment.''' ,'''When you reach the moment to score, it is like liberating different emotions such as joy, happiness, and also satisfaction.''' ,'''In football, sometimes things happen that are outside of your control, leading the club to make decisions.''' ,'''Naples has given me so much, and that is why I am so happy here. The warmth and affection of the fans have given me extra confidence. I have a great deal of love for them and for this city.''' ,'''Everybody knows that, in football, anything can happen.''' ,]
+++