+++
author = "Adam Garcia"
title = "Adam Garcia Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Adam Garcia Quotes"
keywords = "adam garcia,adam garcia quotes,adam garcia quote,adam garcia sayings,adam garcia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The most famous person in my phone is Lindsay Lohan. We starred in 'Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen' together in 2004 and we've stayed in touch.''' ,'''I'm a loser on Sunday. Yeah, I'm a couch potato. I get up and try and eat and then back on the couch. And watch anything.''' ,'''It's always fun teasing the person. When they ask if I'm gay, I say, 'Oh, I don't know.'''' ,'''I think 'Tap Dogs' has lasted so long because people have a natural interest in tap dancing. This form of dancing can't be dated, it's such an intriguing form of dance because the feet are also an an instrument.''' ,'''They think my life is glamourous. It's not true. I obviously get to come in and do radio interviews. That's the glamour. But other than that, I eat and sleep and that's it. Eat, sleep and do shows.''' ,'''My favorite thing to do is to wind those guys up by hitting on their girlfriends. I say, 'I think your girlfriend's gorgeous, but it's all right, I'm gay.' They get very nervous after a few minutes!''' ,'''I don't care if people think I'm gay. I know I'm not, so it doesn't bother me.''' ,'''I started tapping and I was okay. Then after about two years my feet knew what they were doing!''' ,'''Families, particularly, tend to be the ones that you take the most for granted. They seem to slip under the radar, all those important things - it almost becomes second nature to do so.''' ,'''I started with ballet and then my cousin Sarah introduced me to her tap teachers.''' ,'''I do like to keep mementos from my work, whether they be photos, the backs of make-up chairs or even props and clothes.''' ,'''If I could have anyone on speed dial it would be George Clooney. He seems like a cool guy who would give good advice.''' ,'''At 15 I auditioned for 42nd Street in Australia. Dein Perry was in that show. I actually got the job but I couldn't do it because I was only 15. Legally I needed to have another 15-year-old to cover consecutive nights.''' ,'''I love 'Glee' so much. It just works - it's on the edge of ridiculous.''' ,'''During 'Saturday Night Fever' at the end of the first act dance number I tried to perform a split-jump, only I can't do them so I ended up on my ass followed by the most unsightly backward roll out of it, followed by the cast falling over in laughter and a good portion of the audience too.''' ,'''You eventually get used to looking at girls picking their leotards out of their bums and that sort of stuff.''' ,'''Well it's hard to remember who, but I drunk dial a lot.''' ,'''The process of rehearsal means you learn so much and really get the chance to develop your work on a character.''' ,'''I love travelling, and had the pleasure of being in the most developed country in the world and then parts of two of the most pristine natural areas of the world: the Galapagos islands and the Equador Amazon jungle. The contrast was incredible.''' ,'''They spend an awful lot of money on I-don't-know-what in Hollywood movies; I certainly didn't get any of it. But they sure do love spending money.''' ,'''People do more important jobs than acting in film that should be recognised, but for some reason it's big money, so people are elevated in status. If I was a bus driver, I'm sure you wouldn't be interviewing me.''' ,'''I was seeing this girl recently and used to call her up saying I missed her. I can't help it after a few drinks!''' ,]
+++