+++
author = "Emun Elliott"
title = "Emun Elliott Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Emun Elliott Quotes"
keywords = "emun elliott,emun elliott quotes,emun elliott quote,emun elliott sayings,emun elliott saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's a cliche, but John Lennon is my hero. He was so rebellious, so outspoken and so publicly opinionated, and I'm someone who's so private. I suppose you admire people who have the qualities you wish you had.''' ,'''As an actor, you have to get used to being told no, develop a thick skin, and just keep persevering.''' ,'''I prefer to think of myself as able to represent all walks of life.''' ,'''It's more enjoyable when I'm disguised in some way; stepping into someone else's shoes is part of the reason why I became an actor.''' ,'''I'm still fighting for parts - it's not like I'm sitting with a big pile of scripts putting them in a 'yes' and 'no' pile.''' ,'''I'd been wanting to work with James McAvoy since I was in drama school. I suppose there are parallels in that we're Scottish, we went to the same drama school and share the same agent, but aside from that, he's someone I've looked up to.''' ,'''I'm definitely not your stereotypical actor: the loud, cackling type who strolls into a room and grabs everyone's attention with a great story. I've always been much more of a listener.''' ,'''I had a Spider-man costume when I was about three, and I lost the mask. So I went to the underwear drawer and put a pair of red pants on my head. My dad came home and just laughed, and I ran into my room and burst into tears.''' ,'''I'd like to enter in and out of that big budget world, rather than staying in it. It's not the case that the bigger the film, the better it is.''' ,'''Drama made me happy. Being on stage made me feel alive. But I did what a lot of people do, and that's follow this path of leaving school and going to university. It was only at university that I realised the only thing that would make me a satisfied man was to do what I loved.''' ,'''I actually wanted to be a forensic scientist for a while. When I was doing my Standard Grades, three of them were science subjects. The interest in science didn't wear off, but I found other interests.''' ,'''I've played the violin since I was seven but stopped because there was a stage when it became 'uncool'. I was listening to Nirvana and wanted to play the guitar, so I ditched the violin.''' ,'''At school, I was a shy lad and still am. But acting gives me licence to be up there, demanding the focus. It's the one time in my life where I don't have to shout to be heard.''' ,]
+++