+++
author = "Sadie Frost"
title = "Sadie Frost Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Sadie Frost Quotes"
keywords = "sadie frost,sadie frost quotes,sadie frost quote,sadie frost sayings,sadie frost saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've concentrated for a long time on English films because I've got two kids but my oldest son is 11 and I think I'm going to be away for about four months of year now.''' ,'''I really fought to make my character not a stereotype. I play a soap star with dyed blonde hair.''' ,'''I don't like it when people don't act on their words.''' ,'''My childhood was colorfully anarchic and punctuated by a lot of change.''' ,'''I'm the kind of person who'll have a few drinks and fall asleep at 11.''' ,'''I was a very defiant child, and my father encouraged that. He wanted me to be as wild and creative as possible and didn't believe in disciplining children.''' ,'''When I had my first boy it all started and that male energy seemed to keep me awake but since my daughter, who's incredibly serene, I can't seem to stop sleeping because she's asleep all the time. It's a pattern.''' ,'''At home it's all Batman and Star Wars and they do gang up on me. Sometimes I don't want to dress up as Darth Vader or play train sets, so I'll go out for a drink with the girls.''' ,'''My father was a painter and an anarchist, always getting in trouble for his performance art.''' ,'''By 17, I was modeling and had bought myself a flat. I've always tried to be self-sufficient.''' ,'''I want to get up at 6 A.M. and go swimming and do 30 lengths.''' ,'''My parents are from Manchester but I was brought up in London, Camden Town.''' ,'''Just to be remembered is good enough for me. Lots of people are forgotten.''' ,'''When you love someone so much that you are in pain when you are apart it ends up being destructive. I never want to be in that place again.''' ,'''I was fiercely independent and ambitious from a very young age.''' ,'''My kids inspire me to be the person I am today - without them I wouldn't be who I am today.''' ,'''I never thought I'd spend all my life with Gary. I suppose I was quite cynical about marriage. But with Jude, I knew right from the beginning: there was an electricity I'd never felt before. It was so easy, we talked for hours. It was a relief, really.''' ,'''I haven't done an international film for a long time.''' ,'''I've had four children and I've done a good job and I'm happy in life.''' ,'''Having money has given me a certain freedom, but being in the public eye has taken away a lot.''' ,'''I don't allow meat in my house or in my oven. My whole family is vegetarian - and although I've given my kids the choice to order meat at a restaurant when they reach five, they're not interested.''' ,'''I'm playing a very strong character, it's the story of the woman Polish Jews out of the Warsaw ghetto. I've just begun my weapons training and the SAS type training that's getting me fit.''' ,'''I find a lot of young filmmakers make too much of an effort to be trendy and they can be pretentious.''' ,'''If I am in London I like a quick get away to The Olde Bell in Hurley... It's nearby and no stress - great food and beautiful walks.''' ,'''I love babies. I love being pregnant and I loved giving birth.''' ,'''I've never worn fur, either. I'm a naturally squeamish person, and fur smells like dead animal to me.''' ,'''It is so important that you don't stay with someone just for the children and for the wrong reasons.''' ,'''My style is scruffy with a touch of androgyny.''' ,'''I was the eldest daughter with these four beautiful younger sisters with ringlets and pretty faces, and I used to dress them up in Victorian clothes and take them out for the day and pretend they were mine.''' ,'''I'm always the girl at the party who, within five minutes, has taken my heels off, hitched up my dress in my knickers, and probably spilt drink down my cleavage.''' ,'''There are people out there who want me to fail, who want Jude to fail, who want our relationship to fail.''' ,'''I really enjoy making dinner for my kids and my husband - chopping ginger and marinating the tofu.''' ,'''I always wear flat shoes, because I can't walk in anything else.''' ,'''From 16 years old, I wanted to have a baby, that's all I wanted.''' ,'''If the kids did want to get into showbiz then so be it, but I would never project anything on to my children.''' ,'''I've never got into debt and I've always been in control of my taxes and VAT, but having four children costs a lot. They are my weakness.''' ,'''I'm a strong woman.''' ,]
+++