+++
author = "Thiago Silva"
title = "Thiago Silva Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Thiago Silva Quotes"
keywords = "thiago silva,thiago silva quotes,thiago silva quote,thiago silva sayings,thiago silva saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think the main thing is to give your best regardless of whether you're the captain or not.''' ,'''I know nothing is impossible in life.''' ,'''Mbappe, he always wants to score. He also dribbles well.''' ,'''I've worked with a lot of coaches in my career, but one man stands out, and that's Mr Ancelotti.''' ,'''I think that humility is key to succeed and conquer your dreams.''' ,'''Paulinho provides pace, strength and quality goals in the middle of the park.''' ,'''Ronaldo is the best player in the world.''' ,'''My core definition of success is my family. They provide me with all the support I need to feel good, both in and outside of my career.''' ,'''It's difficult as a player once you have gone back to Brazil to get that second chance in Europe. Sometimes you only get one chance.''' ,'''It's difficult to mark Ronaldo. I think he has a lot of qualities. He has all the abilities a striker can possesses. He's very good with the head, the right foot, the left foot. His strike is the same whatever the feet.''' ,'''Cristiano deserved to win everything he's won in his career.''' ,'''At the beginning of every summer it is said that I'll move to Barcelona.''' ,'''I would still be at Milan if it weren't for their financial problems.''' ,'''There is not a day I wake up and do not think of the World Cup.''' ,'''All the great players are welcome in Paris.''' ,'''Messi is one of the best strikers in the world, one of the very best players.''' ,'''When you are accustomed to winning, when you are used to winning, then afterwards you tend not to have the same level of concentration. Sometimes you go into the games thinking you have already won because you are so strong.''' ,'''I heard a lot of things: 'I'm not a leader, I'm not this or that.' It wounds you, but after that it's also the kind of thing that motivates you the most.''' ,'''It was Milan who proved they wanted me and they did everything to get me.''' ,'''Today, I'm Brazilian, born in Rio de Janeiro, but my second home is Paris. Nobody can change that.''' ,'''Why would I accept to earn less money to play for Barcelona? Why are players the ones supposed to sacrifice themselves?''' ,'''My mother taught me to be honest no matter what situation takes place in my life, to be honest and to stay humble.''' ,'''When I speak everyone listens and that gives me pleasure - even Zlatan, who has got a strong personality. When I talk he listens to me and I explain why he has got to do this or that.''' ,'''It's difficult to talk about the future because you never know.''' ,'''Paris is a part of my life.''' ,'''I'm happy in Paris, I'm happy to play with great players and to be part of an ambitious project.''' ,'''The only true opponent of PSG is PSG.''' ,'''I'm not just saying this because I'm friends with him, but I can't imagine PSG without Zlatan.''' ,'''I respect all opinions, but when you are attacked personally, it starts to get hard. I am especially sad when it impacts my family and my loved ones.''' ,'''Zlatan is one of the top players in the world, in big games, in any games, we know that he can score goals from anything.''' ,'''I'll be Parisian for life.''' ,'''We are professional footballers. How to cope with the pressure is one of the things we have to learn.''' ,'''I think Mourinho did not have enough respect for us.''' ,'''When you sign a contract you only think about staying for all of it, but that depends on many things.''' ,'''I'm a very quiet guy.''' ,'''Inter made an offer for me, but then their interest went cold.''' ,'''When you wear that shirt with the five stars on the front you have to respect it.''' ,'''For me, Messi is the greatest player in history, the greatest player I've ever seen.''' ,'''Messi is one of the best of all, but I'm sure Neymar will get to that level.''' ,'''I feel French, beyond the passport.''' ,'''I must continue to work hard to help my teammates. Competition always exists in football.''' ,'''Sadio Mane is a world-class player. He is almost perfect. He moves very fast, controls the ball well and is very intelligent in his movements.''' ,'''To be honest, I never thought about leaving Milan.''' ,'''As a football fan I love Ibrahimovic.''' ,'''To me, Messi, Neymar and Suarez are among the three best players in the world.''' ,'''The Brazilian press doesn't allow us to forget the World Cup in 1950, when we lost the final in a full Maracana.''' ,'''To become world champions in our country would be with us to the end of our lives.''' ,'''I try to be as focused as I can so I can do my job to the best of my abilities.''' ,'''What I like about Scolari is his personality. He is a firm guy in his words - if you are not playing well, you'll be benched, but if you are benched and training well, then you will get your opportunity.''' ,'''If we become world champions it may open the door to the Fifa Ballon d'Or, although I think it would be difficult. Every 10 years a centre-back may win it once.''' ,'''It wasn't easy for me to find my feet when I first arrived in Europe.''' ,'''I hope I can make the decision to give up before my legs give up on me. I do not want to be embarrassing on the field and feel one day that I'm not at my best and players can beat me easily in duels.''' ,'''I am happy that my career has been successful and I want to finish at the highest level possible.''' ,'''Centre-backs with good technique can move the ball forward, even when under pressure.''' ,'''I am not a mercenary. Milan was my home. They made a good deal, though. They signed me for 10 million euros and sold me for 42 million euros.''' ,'''It's harder to defend against Lionel Messi than Cristiano Ronaldo.''' ,'''I've overcome tuberculosis and my life was at risk.''' ,'''During a training session, Ibra made a mess of five consecutive passes and no-one told him anything. When I made a mess of one, he shouted at me. We had an exchange of words. After training, he came to apologise, and told me it was the first time in his life that he'd been wrong.''' ,'''I remember I'd be playing in the streets with friends, sometimes barefooted. I'd come home with sore feet, but wanting to do the same the day after. That passion made us keep playing. Playing in the dirt was our daily joy.''' ,'''I was very young when I left Brazil.''' ,'''It always takes some time when you change the technical staff. Sometimes you don't understand what they ask for.''' ,'''Centre-backs usually get criticised for clearing the ball long, but it's easier doing this than risking a pass. If you lose the ball at the back, it's almost a goal. Most centre-backs don't risk this kind of game, depending on the holding midfielder in front.''' ,'''It was a difficult decision to say no twice to Barcelona. It was never a secret that I have admired them since I was a kid and that I always wished I could play for Barcelona. But life is made of hard decisions that sometimes go against what you dream of.''' ,'''Our relationship is very good. When Ibra gets annoyed, I prefer not to reply because I know how he can react. I prefer to calmly count to ten.''' ,'''Each day you learn something new. Professionally, personally and even emotionally, because the emotional aspect is so important.''' ,'''Ligue 1 is much stronger than people give it credit for.''' ,'''When you don't win, you get called a failure.''' ,'''The fear of losing is always there, but you mustn't let that fear dull your desire to win.''' ,'''When you play against important teams, you obviously feel more motivated.''' ,'''Pastore has so many qualities. Every pass he makes puts our forwards into position and we create a lot of opportunities thanks to him.''' ,'''The players who defend against him make fouls because it's always hard to defend Neymar and take the ball without fouling him.''' ,'''By relying on my experience as a player, I hope to one day perform as a coach.''' ,'''If you don't have your family behind you, supporting you and giving you advice when you need it, things can get very difficult.''' ,'''It's tough for us to fight against those who have the microphone. We try and respond on the pitch, playing as well as possible, and dedicating ourselves on the training ground.''' ,'''I want to leave PSG one day having won the Champions League. That's my biggest dream.''' ,'''It's not really important whether we play beautiful football. It will be good if we play attacking football and score a lot of goals. But the main objective is to win.''' ,'''Will I go back to Milan one day? I don't know what the future will be.''' ,'''Wayne Rooney would have been great to play with. He is one of the best strikers in the world and this is also a guy who has scored against me every time I've played him.''' ,'''I started off as a right-winger, but my coaches pushed me further and further back. So much so that I ended up in defence, because I wasn't good with my hands and there was nowhere else to go! So they put me there and that's when I found my position.''' ,'''We have to learn that not everyone deserves our tears. You have to do the right thing even if someone mocks you.''' ,'''When I do not play, I cannot ascend to the top level and, if I am only at 90 per cent, I cannot help my team.''' ,'''My arrival at Porto wasn't easy and I had some difficulties. I spoke the same language but I felt very lonely. Two months later I caught tuberculosis yet at the time no doctor at Porto knew for sure what was wrong with me. I trained and played with the B team.''' ,'''Playing in adversity is when we show we have clear heads.''' ,'''Even for great players, things don't go well at certain clubs and that's normal.''' ,'''I am very proud to look back and see all that I've been through, without forgetting my identity and always staying humble.''' ,'''When I dreamt of being a footballer I dreamt of being a forward, but I wasn't talented enough.''' ,'''When I joined AC Milan I didn't play for six months. But I was training under a great coach in Carlo Ancelotti. I can't stress how important those six months were - they changed my life.''' ,'''It is impossible not to hear some of the criticism. However, no newspaper, nor journalist, is going to tell me who I am. I know who I am.''' ,'''Paris is in my story. Nobody can take it away.''' ,'''I have been a Barca fan since I was a child and followed them since they had Romario, Rivaldo and Ronaldo.''' ,'''Brazil versus Argentina is always a great game, with great football and scoring chances.''' ,'''I am very happy at Milan.''' ,'''Italian football remains a very successful product, which has inspired people all over the world.''' ,'''If I have to run for Neymar, I will run for Neymar. If have to die for Neymar, I will too.''' ,'''I'm a fan of how Zinedine Zidane ended his career, right after a World Cup.''' ,'''Ibrahimovic is a very intelligent player and there are very few strikers like him in world football.''' ,'''Winning the World Cup is what we have to do with Brazil. Every day that is what is in my head.''' ,'''I have a clear conscience and never let success get to my head. You know that when you achieve something, you can change the way you are very easily.''' ,'''If you are captain of a great team like Paris St-Germain there are lots of players like Zlatan, players who are known by everybody. So to be captain of that team gives you respect and, in football, respect is very important.''' ,'''Zlatan is a great guy; I speak with him very regularly. I have a lot of respect and admiration for him.''' ,]
+++