+++
author = "Hailey Baldwin"
title = "Hailey Baldwin Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Hailey Baldwin Quotes"
keywords = "hailey baldwin,hailey baldwin quotes,hailey baldwin quote,hailey baldwin sayings,hailey baldwin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am obsessed with John Mayer. I love him. I just think he's so talented. I have his documentary in my iTunes. I watch it all the time.''' ,'''All my tattoos except my first were not planned. I would just go into the shop late at night with friends and ask for something on the spot. My first is my parents' wedding date. I thought it would soften the blow of getting a tattoo.''' ,'''Sometimes I Google myself just to see what people are saying. But we all do that. If someone tells you that they don't, then they are lying.''' ,'''The older supermodels sometimes don't agree with the fact there is a new generation of models. We're not saying we're supermodels. I'd rather people look at us as businesspeople, and, yes, modeling is our business right now, but we're not trying to take anybody's spot, and we're not trying to discredit the past.''' ,'''I'm lucky that I have my family, I'm lucky that my parents are still together. Those are the things that I cherish.''' ,'''I always try to keep one very feminine quality to my style.''' ,'''My biggest goal in life will be achieved when I have a family, when I have my own kids that I can raise myself and bring up based on what I know. I always think it's the wildest idea - raising a whole, entire human is insane to me, and I've always wanted kids.''' ,'''I don't see myself as famous; I see myself as a normal person with a job that is not very normal. My work life is very out there and very public. But I do my best to maintain my privacy.''' ,'''The thing is, I live a very public life, and I have to keep things personal, or else I have no personal life. It's very difficult.''' ,'''Acting is in my family. My cousins, my sister, and I always say it's a legacy that should be kept alive. In the future, it's something I really want.''' ,'''I definitely would not do a reality show.''' ,'''I genuinely do think that skin does have a lot to do with genetics. I was blessed. You should see my mom and grandma - it's unfair!''' ,'''I love Rihanna. I think her style just pushes a lot of boundaries. My tomboy side takes inspiration from her.''' ,'''I think trying to maintain a classic pretty style is the way I like to go, like Margot Robbie's style.''' ,'''I never want to put my name on something that I don't love or wouldn't wear myself.''' ,'''I don't like to run. You will not see me running on a treadmill ever. Ever! I like boxing, though, so if I can go to the gym and box for 30 minutes, I will.''' ,'''I think a lot about when times were simpler, when I was still dancing and living with my parents. I really miss living at home sometimes. I get really sad.''' ,'''I think if I was going to be someone for a day, I would want to be a performer, someone big, like Rihanna. I'd want to feel the energy of being on stage. I've always found that very interesting.''' ,'''For a long time, I said I didn't want to model. I was a dancer.''' ,'''Everybody literally thinks I've had plastic surgery. My mom's family call her, and they're like, 'Did Hailey do her lips? Did she do her nose?' Do people want me to go to a doctor and have them examine my face so they can tell people I haven't? My face has just matured. I grew into my looks.''' ,'''I think that God kind of put me in the place in my life to not be quiet about it, not be quiet about Him, but to reach people and to inspire people.''' ,'''I feel like if you flip through my Instagram, you'll kind of see the same angles and poses every time. That's the trick to having people love your Instagram selfies. It's all about your angles.''' ,'''I put castor oil in my eyebrows. And I also tint my eyebrows when I get them cleaned up. That way, I don't have to be constantly filling them in, because I'm lazy.''' ,'''A cheat day for me, the first thing that I crave, I'll eat. That's my rule. So if I wake up and I want pancakes, I'm gonna eat pancakes. If I want a cheeseburger for lunch or for dinner, I'm gonna eat it. If I want fries, I'm gonna eat the fries.''' ,'''I don't do facials - I don't really enjoy people picking at my skin. I'd rather a dermatologist who's a doctor for that do that.''' ,'''I know all the books of the Bible.''' ,'''I was raised in church. I was brought up in that life, and I think that it's very important for everybody to be in touch with their spirituality and to have a relationship with God.''' ,'''I would never pose topless.''' ,'''I wouldn't ever pose naked... I'm fine to do bikinis and certainly lingerie if I feel it's done tastefully... cute like Victoria's Secret, but nothing like raunchy or overly sexual.''' ,'''I love New York. It's hard to explain, but it's the energy of the city. It's not like L.A. where everything is spread out.''' ,'''I think the most expensive thing I've bought thus far is my Rolex.''' ,'''I wasn't bullied by the mean girls in high school. I'm just bullied by adults and teenagers all over the world.''' ,'''For me, I like to be a little bit tomboy but still look like a lady. Pretty tough. Or really, really, really pretty.''' ,'''You can blame my mom for some of my worst fashion moments. She used to dress me and my sister in a lot of patterns. Like, she would put me in striped stockings with a floral dress. Like, why are you doing that to me?''' ,'''My style kind of differs - sometimes I want to be a little dressed down, a little tomboy, sometimes I want to be dressed up and very chic and look proper. But I don't ever believe in overdoing it for day-to-day style.''' ,'''I love making shorts out of jeans, or customizing denim. Basically, I like to rip and distress things... I love that look.''' ,'''If I get in a dark spot, I'll listen to some Adele and cry about it.''' ,'''I know a lot of people struggle with the idea of Jesus and their idea of God. I think, if you don't even know what you're praying to or who you're praying to, based on what I know to be true, regardless, God's always listening.''' ,]
+++