+++
author = "Himani Shivpuri"
title = "Himani Shivpuri Quotes"
quotes_len = "94"
description = "the best 94 Himani Shivpuri Quotes"
keywords = "himani shivpuri,himani shivpuri quotes,himani shivpuri quote,himani shivpuri sayings,himani shivpuri saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It makes me very happy to see the enthusiasm that youngsters have these days to pursue acting.''' ,'''I am a shopaholic and Delhi is a Mecca for me.''' ,'''Television and films came much later into my life.''' ,'''I take it as a compliment when people want to click photos with us. But at times, it is pretty intrusive. People think that because we come on the big screen or on television, they have a right over us.''' ,'''It is good that in our TV industry, stories revolve around female characters more than male characters but there should be no sex war.''' ,'''I have seen good times and bad times, struggle and success.''' ,'''Pranayama and yoga are the most essential exercises and I make sure that I sleep sufficiently.''' ,'''My diet has seasonal fruits along with ragi and joyari rotis. I am also trying to focus on a lot of organic stuff.''' ,'''I hardly watch any Indian TV shows and prefer watching a good film or reading over it any day.''' ,'''Earlier, we had shows like 'Hasratein' and 'Shanti,' which had great storylines and mature content. Now, with a hundred shows running five to seven days a week, the TV industry has become very torturous and taxing for the actors.''' ,'''One day, I got a call from Aditya Chopra and he said, 'Ma'am, I am Aditya Chopra speaking, Yash Chopra ji's son. I am making a film and I have a role for you.' I was so simple at that time, I told him, 'Ya fine, I am shooting at Noor Mahal bungalow, you come and meet me there.'''' ,'''I am proud to be a daughter of the mountains.''' ,'''World Theatre Day is an important day for us, we get to applaud the efforts of renowned playwrights, actors, and directors who have put in toil and blood to create meaningful stories.''' ,''''Bandhan' is easily one of my favorites as the title itself talks of eternal bonds. It is an excellent example of a movie that shows truth always prevails.''' ,'''I completely believe in the leadership and vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and it is because of this that I have joined the BJP.''' ,'''The stage is my first love. It gives me immense self-satisfaction, a sort of power because a stage actor carries the audience along; it's a live performance; spontaneity is its soul.''' ,'''As an actor my job is to deliver the best so that the audience not only likes my roles but also remembers them.''' ,'''They want younger girls, not old ones like me, as heroines. This is the tragedy of Bollywood. It is male dominated.''' ,'''Television takes an actor to each and every home, but the life of a television actor is only as long as the soap runs.''' ,'''The day people stop watching sex comedies, makers will stop making them.''' ,'''Today if any actor says that he has done theatre before, he is considered to be a good one, which is ridiculous.''' ,'''Look at films like 'Raazi,' 'Manikarnika: The Queen of Jhansi' and 'Padmaavat'... women in our film industry have changed the whole scenario. They are no less than our male actors.''' ,'''In theatre, the uglier you are, the better actor you are.''' ,'''I was one of the good-looking, educated actors, and that is like a disadvantage in theatre!''' ,'''When I entered in the industry, I was appreciated for my acting skills.''' ,'''Films make an actor immortal.''' ,'''I don't go to Delhi malls, because malls are the same everywhere.''' ,'''The most challenging part of being an actor is that every time you play a character, you have to start from ground zero.''' ,'''I used to think that Bollywood is a place where actresses are required to expose. I didn't want to act in films.''' ,'''Shah Rukh is an amazing person. I really adore him. He's such a thorough gentleman.''' ,'''I don't connect with shows where we have women looking ultra-glamorous all the time, including in the kitchen.''' ,'''Today, television industry means pool of young talents, and if you are not active in it then there are chances that you will be overshadowed by them. It is like newspaper where old becomes stale.''' ,'''I played a lot of roles in my mother's life. I was her driver when she wanted to go to places, her cook when she was unwell, but one role that remained unchanged is that of a friend.''' ,'''I joined the National School of Drama in the 1980s and for anyone who joins the NSD, they eat, sleep and breathe theatre for three years.''' ,'''Normally, people would spend thousands to watch a trashy film in a multiplex, but not shell out a few bucks to watch a play. But in bigger cities, we are more likely to find a bigger section of people who would want to watch a play.''' ,'''It's a challenge to stay true to oneself and celebrate our stories. I do so by continuing to be what I am, continuing to be myself.''' ,'''I can say that if anyone has worked to save the mountains, they are women.''' ,'''In fact, a lot of saas-bahus of today share a distinctive bond of support and understanding. I do feel that's the way it should be.''' ,'''While touring in and outside Mumbai to do theatre, I got some good offers to act in films, which brought me success and I continued to do movies.''' ,'''I get offers where I'm either asked to play the villainous saas or the maa who just wants to get her daughters married.''' ,'''You cannot force any woman to do anything against her will, using your power.''' ,'''Now when one goes to Dubai, one does shop a lot. I bought a lot of exotic food like Tofu and smoked salmon, which are generally not available in Mumbai.''' ,'''Television has always been better for actresses.''' ,'''Theatre remains my first and last love and even when I am noot doing plays, I am associated with it in some way. For instance, I go to Mumbai University as a visiting faculty and talk about the medium.''' ,'''In the West, they have morality. We pretend to be moral people but we are not. We do not have a moral code.''' ,'''Life in Dehradun is far more relaxing and pleasant than life in Mumbai.''' ,'''You either get to play a vicious mother-in-law who hates the bahu, or makkhis and naagins. There is no creative satisfaction in TV.''' ,'''A good play can teach so much about culture. One can also improvise a lot with the medium and use it to teach kids.''' ,'''I believe that teaching is one of the most noble professions and it's no easy task to shape the minds of the next generation.''' ,'''Maybe at some point, I will come out with my #MeToo story. Very well known and important people have tried to take advantage of me or have misbehaved. They are still around. When I want to name them, I will name them. It will not be one name, there will be quite a few names.''' ,'''I enjoy working with Doon's talented, young actors and also get to learn from them.''' ,'''Whenever the hero and heroines met, they couldn't go beyond a point. They would just hold hands and consummation or kissing would be two flowers meeting or a bumblebee hovering over a flower. In 'Kaagaz Ke Phool,' even though their love was strong, the couple never touched.''' ,'''Above all, I am a theatre person, from the National School of Drama, I want to promote theatre.''' ,'''It is the women who get targeted because the society will point fingers at them.''' ,'''Sadly, a lot of our traditions are fading away and theatre can be a great tool to ensure that it doesn't happen.''' ,'''Playing Hamidabai was an eyeopener to how much we've lost in the evolution of our culture and society. In many ways, she mirrors my personal life journey, as a woman fighting to stay true to her passion despite all odds.''' ,'''Theatre offers live interaction with the audience, unlike in movies and TV serials.''' ,'''The taste of street food in north India can't be found in Mumbai.''' ,'''If I like the story, I will not shy away from stepping into any medium.''' ,'''I willingly gave up many assignments in films, TV and endorsements, which were far more economically lucrative, for the sake of theatre as I am really passionate about it.''' ,'''As an actor, the whole process of shooting for movie or television is so artificial though the final product may be extremely realistic to the viewer.''' ,'''Serials are for money, movies are for eternity and theatre is for self- satisfaction.''' ,'''I was a flamboyant girl who participated in debates and all.''' ,'''I like shopping for ethnic wear.''' ,'''I teach theatre in Mumbai and at the National School of Drama, as I want to remain connected with it.''' ,'''I was pretty good at studies and when I had come to NSD for my interview, I'd lied that I have got a scholarship to study abroad. I told my family that I had a visa interview, but I was actually here for the interview at NSD.''' ,'''If your role in a movie is appreciated, it is remembered for a long time.''' ,'''Theatre especially in Hindi is not enough to help an artiste in earning a livelihood.''' ,'''A story should be good and characters should be well-rounded.''' ,'''I think an actor should look for a good role irrespective of its length.''' ,'''I was complimented for looking young and yet was offered roles of aunts, sister-in-law and very soon grandma too!''' ,'''I don't act in sex comedies, and whoever acts in them, I don't think it's bad, because cinema, art and theatre are the mirrors of society.''' ,'''I have no idea how I got COVID-19.''' ,'''My father, Haridutt Bhatt, was a teacher by profession.''' ,'''Earlier we used to enjoy films for 25 weeks, Silver jubilee, and Golden jubilee; but now it takes only 3 days to recover the cost.''' ,'''Theatre was and will always be my first love.''' ,'''Theatre is an actor's medium though behind the stage there is a playwright, director and perhaps in some, a music composer too, yet the actor is the one who ultimately tells the story to the viewers.''' ,'''Banaras really pulls you. I had been to the city several years ago for a film shoot. Though I have very fleeting memories of that stay, I still remember that I had gone to Kashi Vishwanath temple and shopped for some Banarasi saris.''' ,'''In the 1990s, when I made my debut, an artiste would get easily stereotyped. So I only got the roles of didis, bhabhis, chachis and buas.''' ,'''Theatre is my passion and first love for it is in this medium that I get to feel human-to-human contact.''' ,'''Whenever I am in Delhi, I must visit Nathu's for its chaat. I love shopping at Lajpat Nagar and Khan Market.''' ,'''As an actor, if you have done theatre, the magic of it never leaves you.''' ,'''Kajol is a very moody person. If she likes you then she likes you but if she doesn't, then she will not like you. Fortunately for me, she liked me.''' ,'''I always keep planning to go back to theatre but I am waiting for a challenging and meaningful role. I want it to be something that has not been done before and excite me enough to do it.''' ,'''Earlier, even I used to think that I would be doing theatre all my life, but as I grew, I understood that it was not practically possible.''' ,'''I played the role of Mitro in 'Mitro Marjaani' which was directed by Mr. B. M. Shah and it was really amazing because for the first time in Indian theatre, was a woman portraying someone who is bold about her physical needs and is proud of her body.''' ,'''I cannot stand watching daily soaps that have a lot of rona-dhona and unrealistic drama in them.''' ,'''Thanks to my father, there's a teacher in me also.''' ,'''Yaar, television has become a very exhausting medium for actors now. It's like you are racing against time in the race for TRPs, which can be very saturating.''' ,'''I enjoy watching regional cinema; they have always been my favorite.''' ,'''I have touched all genres, be it comedy, tragedy or negative roles.''' ,'''No matter how creatively satisfying theatre might be, it is a poorly-paid medium, which is sad.''' ,'''I have acted in over 50 films and 15 daily soaps, but the thrill I feel while performing for my home audience is unparalleled.''' ,'''I want people to be aware, it's been proved dogs are not Covid carriers.''' ,]
+++