+++
author = "Mario Lemieux"
title = "Mario Lemieux Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Mario Lemieux Quotes"
keywords = "mario lemieux,mario lemieux quotes,mario lemieux quote,mario lemieux sayings,mario lemieux saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm sorry I didn't feel any better or play any better, but that's what happens at the end of careers.''' ,'''All I can say to the young players is, enjoy every moment of it. Just enjoy every moment of it. Your career goes by very quickly.''' ,'''One thing I hate is people screaming at me. If you want me to do something, talk to me.''' ,'''It was great to play with some of my old linemates.''' ,'''A month before the season, I don't order fries with my club sandwich.''' ,'''I didn't like the way the game was being played.''' ,'''Hockey is a tough, physical game, and it always should be.''' ,'''Of course, my family has been a big reason for me to come back, especially my son who loves the game of hockey - he was a big reason for me coming back.''' ,'''Since the beginning, I always loved the game. When you grow up in Montreal, one day you want to be a professional hockey player. When I was six or seven, I knew that was what I wanted.''' ,'''A month before the season I stop putting ketchup on my french fries.''' ,'''We, as a league, must do a better job of protecting the integrity of the game and the safety of our players.''' ,'''We feel that, with Sidney, we have a great opportunity over the next few years to put a great team on the ice. We're prepared to lose some money along the way. Eventually we're going to need some help.''' ,'''I think we need to do as much as we can to give back to these young kids growing up. I think we've done a pretty decent job so far.''' ,'''This is really a new NHL and it's built on speed and young guys.''' ,'''Well, I think just a desire to come back and be a part of the game again.''' ,'''This arena is a special place. Everybody loves it. To be able to stand behind the bench and be a part of a great tournament for the '96 Elite is fun. The kids, having a chance to play in the building where the Penguins play, it's a special feeling for them.''' ,'''As I've said, in 2007, we're free to go and we'll just have to do what's best for the business.''' ,'''I've gone through back surgery a couple times, and of course, my radiation treatments for six weeks got me to the point where I was not able to play at the level that I was accustomed to.''' ,'''Once I'm at the arena with the guys in the dressing room, and in the bus, and on the plane, I'm a player. And I sit in the back with the players and I play cards and try to take their money.''' ,'''It's up to the community now to decide if they want to keep this team.''' ,'''I think the game has opened up, and that's why I decided to come back and try to be a part of it.''' ,'''The first few games that we played against some of the teams, the young guys, you know, want a stick sign or photo sign, and I think that they respect what I have achieved throughout my career.''' ,'''If I could play this game at a decent level, I'd come back and play.''' ,'''For as long as I can remember I wanted to be a professional hockey player.''' ,'''I think that with a lot of hard work and dedication, I feel that I could be the best in the world. I'm still only 35 years old... I have a fresh start physically and mentally, and I feel that I can achieve my goal to be the best again.''' ,'''I didn't speak English until I came to Pittsburgh.''' ,'''I think the lottery changed everything for us. Once we got Sidney, it helped us turn this franchise around overnight.''' ,'''Every day is a great day for hockey.''' ,'''My body's feeling it a little bit. But one good thing, my back is in good shape, and that's my main concern. I know that my legs are going to take awhile to get back to where I was a few years ago, but as long as my back is solid, I feel that I can play many years.''' ,'''When I'm able to see the ice ahead of time when I get the puck, I'm able to make some pretty good plays.''' ,'''I have two main reasons for retiring. The first is I can no longer play at a level I was accustomed to in the past. That has been very, very frustrating to me throughout this past year. The second one is realizing my health, along with my family, is the most important thing in the world.''' ,'''Oh, I did stop smoking a long time ago.''' ,'''My son, he is the reason I got involved. It's been a joy to be around him and teach him the stuff that I know, and to the other kids as well. When he started playing I wanted to be involved in his hockey career. It's a lot of fun for both of us.''' ,'''When it comes to hockey, it's been in my blood since I was 3 or 4 years old. I love coaching the kids, especially at that level.''' ,'''When someone screams at me to hurry up, I slow down.''' ,'''I don't try to match wine with food, I just drink what I like. And I think a lot of people are going towards that now, which never used to be in the past.''' ,'''I can no longer play at a level I was accustomed to in the past.''' ,'''I'm only 35, and I felt that the time was right to try to come back and have a chance for him to see me play.''' ,'''Everybody I talked to - from my friends to my family and some of the players - really gave me a lot of support from the start. And that certainly made me feel good about trying to come back and be one of the best again.''' ,'''He's only 4 years old, so I don't think he realized, you know, that I played so many years. Of course, we watch tapes here from the Stanley Cup years, but I don't think he realized how many years I played.''' ,'''Depending on how we start the season, I can play center or wing... It doesn't matter to me.''' ,'''I think people in Montreal smoke a lot, and I used to smoke when I was 17-18, and just picked it up when I was playing juniors. But I think I stopped when I was 22, which was a big decision in my life.''' ,]
+++