+++
author = "Gloria Stuart"
title = "Gloria Stuart Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Gloria Stuart Quotes"
keywords = "gloria stuart,gloria stuart quotes,gloria stuart quote,gloria stuart sayings,gloria stuart saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It never occurred to me that it would be a big hit internationally and forever.''' ,'''I just finished my 11th book last week, so I'm ready to start the next one.''' ,'''I quit after my seven-year contract with Universal was up. I quit for 33 years.''' ,'''I've been very, very successful. It's very satisfying to me.''' ,'''The great actresses and actors receive awards for great roles in great films.''' ,'''When I graduated from Santa Monica High in 1927, I was voted the girl most likely to succeed. I didn't realize it would take so long.''' ,'''I have enjoyed acting very much, because I know it's not for real!''' ,'''A woman's heart is a deep ocean of secrets.''' ,'''When I went back to New York with somewhat of a name, they didn't want movie actresses.''' ,'''There's no point in working if I'm not involved and interested.''' ,'''I never had a great role in a great film.''' ,'''In the '60s, '70s and '80s, everybody was pretty tense on the set.''' ,'''I had been told by so many people that I was going to be nominated, that I should be nominated, that there wasn't any question about my being nominated. I don't think it was a surprise.''' ,'''I wanted to be on the stage, doing very important emotional roles.''' ,'''The John Ford pictures I made are highly regarded, but at the time they didn't seem like that.''' ,'''Claude Rains was what we call an actor's actor. He was very involved with himself and his performance.''' ,'''It was a struggle treating Claude Rains as my lover, but we were friendly. It was no great love affair.''' ,'''I have a private press. I'm a book artist. I publish books of other authors and artists. I do the illustrating. I set the type. I print it myself on my press. I do everything but bind it.''' ,'''I'm amazed. When I was 40, I thought I'd never make 50. And at 50 I thought the frosting on the cake would be 60. At 60, I was still going strong and enjoying everything.''' ,'''When I was little I thought, isn't it nice that everybody celebrates on my birthday? Because it's July 4th.''' ,'''I wanted to be a theater actress, but I thought it would be easier to get to New York and the theater if I had a name than if I just walked the streets as a little girl from California.''' ,'''I love working.''' ,]
+++