+++
author = "Corey Feldman"
title = "Corey Feldman Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Corey Feldman Quotes"
keywords = "corey feldman,corey feldman quotes,corey feldman quote,corey feldman sayings,corey feldman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's funny; I actually made poorer decisions when I sobered up then when I was screwed up.''' ,'''When I had my child, I planned on being with the woman I had him with for the rest of my life. If that doesn't work out, you have to see things from a different perspective.''' ,'''Whereas I used to get depressed or neurotic or dwell on things, I see my son's bright eyes and smile in the morning, and suddenly, I don't feel like I'm depressed anymore. There's nothing to be depressed about when you've got that.''' ,'''I do believe that belief is the most powerful thing we have in this world. So, if we believe in something enough. And we have faith, we can make it a reality. That is basically the basis of my entire career and my entire life.''' ,'''I've always kind of lived my life to be as much as possible a positive role model for children.''' ,'''The thing you have to understand is that there are only so many things you can do in a year. There are only so many days in a year. There is only so much time you can set aside for certain projects.''' ,'''You have to stay updated on trends, social things and pop culture, you need to stay with the times and keep evolving.''' ,'''My discrepancy with children in the industry is that they are made famous before they know who they are as human beings.''' ,'''Oh, I see people everywhere. Some are celebs, but most of my friends are just regular people. The thing is, even celebs are normal people too. Just people.''' ,'''Fans have always said that I would make a great Indiana Jones, a great Young Indiana Jones.''' ,'''I'm more than an actor. I'm an icon, an industry.''' ,'''As a kid, I liked the 'Halloween' movies and 'Nightmare On Elm Street' and all that kind of stuff. But as an adult, I really don't watch much horror, to be honest.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a hippie.''' ,'''As an actor, you're pretty much a hired gun. You are reading other people's words off of a page and doing what they want you to do.''' ,'''The people that become the biggest jokes are people who do not change. They stay the way they were in the past.''' ,'''I met my wife by breaking two of my rules: never date a girl seriously that you meet at a nightclub and never date a fan.''' ,'''Thrillers are my favorite. I like stuff that keeps you on the edge of your seat or maybe makes you jump.''' ,'''I'm a big kid, I'm a kid at heart, so I still love the classic family films, such as the great Warner Bros film 'Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory' - not the remake, but the original. It's still one of the best movies, hands down, ever made, and of course that goes back to the ingenuity of the characters and the storyline.''' ,'''I have led a pretty colorful life.''' ,'''Child stars have nothing. They have no choice.''' ,'''I don't want to be lumped into any categories.''' ,'''I would like, in the long term, to be recognized as a writer-director-actor.''' ,'''I've never cheated on a woman.''' ,'''I had a very rough and tumultuous childhood.''' ,'''I was never taught how to raise a child, because I wasn't raised properly.''' ,'''I knew how to read a contract by 10 years old, but I didn't know what it meant for somebody to come in and tell me they loved me and kiss me goodnight. That's a problem.''' ,'''On the musical side, I always wanted to kind of carry on Pink Floyd's sound. You know, Pink Floyd always had such an original, creative and masterful sound, but there are no new albums. My thought was that there's a way to keep their sound alive.''' ,'''I'm gullible.''' ,'''Fatherhood is the most amazing thing that could ever have happened in my life.''' ,'''Self-realization is great.''' ,'''I love kids.''' ,'''If anything needs to get fixed in society, it's people's consumption of other people's problems.''' ,'''I'd say that animal rights and environmental issues have always been at the forefront of my mind.''' ,'''It was a great experience for a kid, because it was a bunch of kids playing on pirate ships and water slides, so looking back on it, it was the fondest experience of my childhood.''' ,'''My addiction has always been beautiful women, being surrounded by them.''' ,'''With my son, I work very hard to keep him away from the press and media and I want an opportunity for him to lead as normal a life as possible.''' ,'''My acting career began at age three and my parents got me into it. I was in a McDonald's commercial.''' ,'''When God put everybody here, I don't think that he had a master plan of a pecking order. That's not what you see in the Bible. I disagree with that notion, so in my estimation, we've all been put on this planet to share it. It is our duty and our obligation and our responsibility to make sure that we've done so in the proper fashion.''' ,'''I want to do rock operas.''' ,'''As an entertainer, a comedy guy, whatever, you're never gonna be truly 100-percent happy with anything.''' ,'''When I am working, I am working. When I am promoting, I am promoting. The rest of the time, I try to stay under the radar a bit.''' ,'''The people that become the biggest jokes are people who do not change. They stay the way they were in the past. Look at Michael Jackson, he never evolved.''' ,'''I look for the safety of my child. I don't really care about me.''' ,'''People always want to pin yesterday's news on you, as opposed to asking you what you're going to do for the future, what you're doing today.''' ,'''I've been labeled all my life.''' ,'''We're all made to make mistakes; nobody's perfect.''' ,'''I literally was famous before I knew my own name.''' ,]
+++