+++
author = "Luise Rainer"
title = "Luise Rainer Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Luise Rainer Quotes"
keywords = "luise rainer,luise rainer quotes,luise rainer quote,luise rainer sayings,luise rainer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I admire people who are creative.''' ,'''In my acting, I have tried to do this - to present to audiences a living creature in whom they can recognise themselves or someone they know.''' ,'''The Oscar is not a curse. The real curse is that once you have an Oscar they think you can do anything.''' ,'''I am an actress. I am not a movie star.''' ,'''I felt very alone in Hollywood.''' ,'''I should have done more. I did too little of everything.''' ,'''I am sensitive to life, and somehow acting comes to me. I can't explain it.''' ,'''The best imitation in the world is not half as good as a poor original.''' ,'''Some very beautiful things get lost and forgotten. Just as I got lost.''' ,'''I don't believe in anything artificial. I don't believe in makeup.''' ,'''The secret of a long life is to never trust a doctor.''' ,'''Happiness lies in moments, and while you have it, you're not even aware; only afterwards do you know you were happy.''' ,'''Once, I was a bigger star than Greta Garbo.''' ,'''I feel best in nature or near nature.''' ,'''Take a person like Julia Roberts: she does what she wants.''' ,'''One of the biggest dangers in Hollywood is becoming typed.''' ,'''I always considered myself the world's worst actress.''' ,'''I was one of the horses of the Louis B. Mayer stable, and I thought the films I was given after my Academy Awards were not worthy.''' ,'''For my second and third pictures, I won Academy Awards. Nothing worse could have happened to me.''' ,'''I have never had a current state of mind. My mind changes a great deal. I am very affected by any sorrow or sad thing, and I am very affected by joy and beauty.''' ,'''I know the good from the bad, also the in-between, but I was never political.''' ,'''I would much rather be a bad Luise Rainer than a second someone else.''' ,'''I don't believe in acting. I think that people in life act, but when you are on the stage or, in my case, also on screen, you have to be true.''' ,'''I had immense ambition to become a really valuable actress.''' ,'''I was very thin, like a boy, and I was very un-sexy.''' ,'''One can be more than once in love - that's the most important thing.''' ,'''I remember once Robert Taylor invited me to lunch. I asked him, 'What is your ambition?' He said, 'I want to have 10 very good suits.'''' ,]
+++