+++
author = "Bobby Farrelly"
title = "Bobby Farrelly Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Bobby Farrelly Quotes"
keywords = "bobby farrelly,bobby farrelly quotes,bobby farrelly quote,bobby farrelly sayings,bobby farrelly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think that's the key to being a director: to be able to get the shot and move on quickly.''' ,'''I think the last one would have to be The Godfather because it was such a powerful story. There was lots of violence in it but I could take it because I thought there was a reality to it. It wasn't gratuitous, it was just these guys' story.''' ,'''Clint Eastwood. Here's a guy who's been involved in so many movies, lots of them masterpieces, and now he's a director. I just like everything I know about him. He's very decisive, he makes up his mind real quick.''' ,'''You know, I can't remember the last movie I walked out of. If I pay, I'll see it through. I can't be halfway through a movie and think that I know everything that's going to happen, because I hope that I'm wrong.''' ,'''Well, there are conjoined twins in real life and we can tell a story about them so long as they're not the brunt of the jokes. In this, they're the heroes of this story; we love these guys.''' ,'''I know people watch our movies and they'll see a lot of images - they call it gross-out - that they don't like, and I understand that. It's an important movie and one that's extremely well done, but the amount of violent imagery was not for me.''' ,'''We want the best actor, and that's why Matt Damon worked so well in this role, because he's a great actor.''' ,'''I just feel I'm on a different page from the reviewers, so I've learned not to care about them too much.''' ,'''I think we both have some darkness in us. But when we are together, we tend to concentrate more on the light.''' ,'''We wanted to do a sequel with Jim and Jeff. They said that the word was that Jim didn't want to do any sequels. We approached him and he said he would do it, but not until next year. New Line said it was too long to wait.''' ,'''I feel reviewers are tougher on comedies in general. They don't take them seriously, and the ones that get great reviews are not necessarily the ones that I like.''' ,'''We feel that what's too far is when you make a joke and somebody gets hurt.''' ,'''It's a big part of what we do - we test our movies extensively. I'm always there myself. It's sometimes difficult to sit through, especially if it's a version of the movie that's not working particularly well.''' ,'''We love the Stooges, and young kids today don't watch them. They think it's their dad's comedy. So we thought we could reintroduce them to a new audience.''' ,'''The only thing we don't do together is get in front of an actor and show any indecision at all about what we think. We don't always agree, so we meet privately, then one or the other will approach the actor.''' ,'''In comedy, though, it's good to get feedback from the audience about what they find funny.''' ,]
+++