+++
author = "Marshawn Lynch"
title = "Marshawn Lynch Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Marshawn Lynch Quotes"
keywords = "marshawn lynch,marshawn lynch quotes,marshawn lynch quote,marshawn lynch sayings,marshawn lynch saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As a running back, it takes five offensive linemen, a tight end, a fullback and possibly two wide receivers, in order to make my job successful.''' ,'''Being from Oakland, you see a lot of thing. You see friends turn on friends all the time. You see family turn on family.''' ,'''I'm cool with my body, I love my body. I wouldn't trade it for no other body.''' ,'''I've been pretty good at reading people. If you rockin' with me cause you're just a solid individual, then we're rockin'. But if you got a motive or something, I am going to probably see right through that.''' ,'''I don't know what story y'all trying to get out of me. I don't know what image y'all trying to portray of me. But it don't matter what y'all think, what y'all say about me because when I go home at night, the same people that I look in the face - my family that I love, that's all that really matter to me.''' ,'''My old school hip-hop would probably consist of Bad N-Fluenz, The Dangerous Crew, Seagrams, Mr. ILL, RBL Posse, Rappin' 4-Tay.''' ,'''I've never seen anybody win the game in the media. But at the same time, I understand what it could do for you, if you wanted to be someone who talks a lot.''' ,'''Growing up in Oakland, we did things like white t-shirt, blue jeans and Nikes. That was my get down, how I was going to rock. And if you look at me right now, I'm pretty much black tee, blue jeans and some sneakers.''' ,'''Michael Phelps wouldn't have been on the Wheaties box if I stuck with swimming. I've been swimming since I was a little kid. I still swim. I'm the best.''' ,'''I got dogs. I'm a dog guy.''' ,'''You never want to be the one who everyone is going to bust jokes on. The only way to prevent that is to be good at something.''' ,'''I like to go home and get involved in my community.''' ,'''When I go speak to these kids through my foundation and am able to sit down and tell them some of the things that I've been through, they can look up and relate to me, and they can understand the feelings I had that are similar to what they're going through and feeling.''' ,'''I don't play ball because I want attention. I do it because it gives me the opportunity to bust somebody's head. And I just love to do it. I love what I do.''' ,'''What's my favorite thing about Seattle? It's Ho Ho's Restaurant.''' ,'''When a defender comes up to tackle me, I want him to feel that ground.''' ,'''Dej Loaf's solid.''' ,'''I just like beautiful women. They don't have to be a celebrity, though... I mean, if they're beautiful, they're beautiful.''' ,'''The Seahawks, their front office gets in the media; they talk a lot.''' ,'''I listen to some Kevin Gates, Rick Ross, Fabolous.''' ,'''There are only so many times I can say, 'I owe it to my offensive linemen,' or, 'The credit should go to my teammates,' before it becomes run down.''' ,'''My favorite college experience was probably leaving college.''' ,'''To learn to do backflips and front flips, you had to fall and bump your head a couple times. I've been doing them since I was a little one, though. Just something I've enjoyed doing, just flip.''' ,'''I've been a Nike athlete since day one.''' ,'''I ain't never seen no talking winning nothing. Been like that since I was little. I was raised like that.''' ,'''If you are in your everyday life, and you feel like you just accomplished something big that you had going on, then that's Beast Mode. It's an accomplishment, that you put yourself through something to get something better out of it. I feel that that's Beast Mode.''' ,'''I ain't got nothing to say. I just wanna play football.''' ,'''I don't know what's in store for me. I don't know what tomorrow is going to bring.''' ,]
+++