+++
author = "Jaimie Alexander"
title = "Jaimie Alexander Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Jaimie Alexander Quotes"
keywords = "jaimie alexander,jaimie alexander quotes,jaimie alexander quote,jaimie alexander sayings,jaimie alexander saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew up with four brothers. I used to play sports with them. And I liked wearing their clothes. I'd run around in T-shirts, jeans, and baseball caps.''' ,'''I think that when people look at me, and they look at my height and my voice and my coloring, they automatically think, 'Tough.'''' ,'''Turns out I'm good with guns even though I don't like them.''' ,'''I generally keep my diet pretty healthy, but if there's pizza, I'll eat it.''' ,'''Luckily, on 'Kyle XY,' I had great training in being tough and vulnerable at the same time.''' ,'''I like to remove my makeup with oil. Face wash tends to dry your skin out and strip your natural pH balance.''' ,'''When I was training, I trained with my younger brother Brady. I would wrestle some of my friends, who I had grown up with, which showed me some moves, but it was never a full on match. When I went to competitions, there were other girls, so I always wrestled girls.''' ,'''I love Marvel. I'd be happy to do other projects with them at any time. They're a great company - I love all the guys and girls over there - they always are able to get a really fun cast for almost every project they have, which is often. And, of course, who doesn't want to be a superhero?''' ,'''I pretty much eat all day to keep my strength up. I'm primarily a vegetarian who has an occasional side of fish.''' ,'''Chris Farley, I was a huge fan of his growing up. I would love to do something kind of slapstick and funny, maybe where I could change my look even a little bit.''' ,'''I'm not easily offended, and I have a certain toughness.''' ,'''I'm pretty healthy, most of the time.''' ,'''I was cast in 'Thor' back in 2009, so it sort of took me out of the running for anything tied to DC Comics.''' ,'''A lot of women think being thin is the way to go, but I prefer to have some meat on my bones.''' ,'''I'll say this, I'm no stranger to working with a foreign cast, foreign directors, that sort of thing. I love it, because I think that when you have people from different countries, it sort of brings everyone together, it's more of a worldly film.''' ,'''I think everybody can sort of relate to feeling like the outcast and feeling a bit lost and just craving somebody's attention.''' ,'''I'm a very physical person. I hug people more so than shake hands.''' ,'''Marvel, I think, on purpose, they don't tell me certain things. Because they know I'll be like, 'So here's what's gonna happen.' But I do know I will be in 'Thor 3' and that Sif will have a very pivotal part in that movie.''' ,'''I don't ever wear makeup to the gym, but if I'm coming from work, I might have eyeliner on.''' ,'''I occasionally wear Miss Dior perfume. It's quite elegant and feminine. It reminds me of a romantic evening out.''' ,'''I went through some training with a Navy SEAL. I had to learn how to submerge myself underwater and hold my breath, how to move without creating waves, and how to be very stealth.''' ,'''The tattoo on my wrist has the letters 'ES,' which stands for 'elephant shoe.' It's something I used to say when I was younger instead of 'I love you' and it reminds me to remain childlike at times and to not take myself too seriously.''' ,'''I'm probably one of the worst actors as far as preparation goes, because I actually don't prepare. I find it easier to read the script and whatever hits me in my stomach, like deep down, I just go with it. And the director kind of molds me whether to go right or left with it.''' ,'''I have 9 tattoos of my own.''' ,'''There was one time I wrestled two boys and I beat them both! They weighed a lot less than I did and I think they didn't want to hurt a girl, so I don't know if I really won - I'd like to think I did.''' ,'''Never be ashamed of what or how you feel... just be honest.''' ,'''I'm a huge comic book fan, and I've read a lot from all different comic book outlets.''' ,'''I used to draw a lot.''' ,'''Any time I am nervous, I do a couple of yoga breaths, and I am fine.''' ,'''I like Oribe mousse; however I don't use too many hair products. I'm a huge fan of bandanas and hats.''' ,'''I find Los Angeles a bit desperate. For me, the energy there is bad.''' ,'''I'm very interested in what makes people tick; people are so weird and complicated.''' ,'''Not to sound too hippie, but I work so much off of energy. I'm a Pisces, and that's part of who I am.''' ,'''Just for fun, I'm really goofy and I would love to do some stupid comedy. I'm talking, like, crazy, out there, Will Ferrell type of thing. I love it; I think those movies are so funny.''' ,'''I actually read 'Wonder Woman,' and here's the thing about her: she's more of a physical presence than anything else. You don't get to really know her on the inside.''' ,'''I will never be a waif. I want to market myself as a healthy-looking woman who is an action-star kind of girl.''' ,]
+++