+++
author = "Dean Devlin"
title = "Dean Devlin Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Dean Devlin Quotes"
keywords = "dean devlin,dean devlin quotes,dean devlin quote,dean devlin sayings,dean devlin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Many years ago, I was actually hired to write the sequel to 'Independence Day.' And I wrote a sequel. And they paid me a boatload of money to go write this thing. And after I wrote it, I read it and I gave them back the money and I said, 'Look, this is an okay movie I just wrote. But it's not worthy of the sequel to 'Independence Day.'''' ,'''I don't think these weather conditions are going to get better on their own.''' ,'''We always want our leaders to be great leaders.''' ,'''We're often accused of trying to manipulate opinion or that we're trying to elevate society. I think that the greatest thing we can do is to give you a vacation.''' ,'''When I tried to get 'Stargate' made, I took it to every studio in Hollywood and every studio said, 'Sci-fi is dead. It's a dead genre. No one wants to see science fiction anymore.' And I had to go and raise the money independently to make that movie.''' ,'''If you were around when 'Them!' or 'Tarantula' came out, those effects were as good as you had ever seen.''' ,'''When you convince sci-fi fans you've done something cool, you get them in huge numbers.''' ,'''We did the original 'Stargate' as an independent movie. It was a surprise success. Shortly before the movie came out, the financiers who were frightened the movie might not do well sold the film to MGM. When the film came out, it was a hit and spawned TV shows.''' ,'''We're making high-budget movies with a low-budget attitude.''' ,'''We've always had a simple philosophy in casting. We don't care if somebody's a big star or a little star. We just want the best possible actor for the part.''' ,'''I'm a huge Trekkie.''' ,'''We don't over-manage projects like the studios do.''' ,'''A lot of sci-fi shows are very cold, too concerned with hardware.''' ,'''There is a renaissance of really great genre entertainment happening. But it's become incredibly audience-specific.''' ,''''Independence Day,' ever since we did it, there's been enormous pressure to follow it up.''' ,'''It's fun to watch a show that you can watch with any member of your family, and you're going to laugh, and you're going to be moved, and you're going to have fun, rather than this dark, brooding, cold, 'purely procedural show.'''' ,'''That transcends everything - skipping the transfer of dailies is a game-changer.''' ,'''As for 'Independence Day,' we never intended to do any films in that series beyond the first one.''' ,'''I love what they do with 'Doctor Who,' where they have the series, and then they do a big Christmas movie special.''' ,''''The Book of Love' is the kind of James L. Brooks mainstream movie that the majors are ignoring.''' ,'''Television is like speed chess, as you have no time and no money. It is like trying to play Grandmaster chess with a 20 minute timer. The rewards are great, though, as it moves faster and you get to see the finished results much quicker.''' ,'''We all want our children to be terrific, but you can't force a child into being what you want it to be.''' ,'''Filmmaking is a real democracy - it's up to the audience to vote with their tickets.''' ,'''I've always said that I don't believe in Santa Claus, but I could make a great movie about him if I set my mind to it.''' ,'''Most young American actors feel like teenagers.''' ,''''Stargate' was more a fantasy.''' ,'''I don't think of myself as a former actor. I think of myself as a reformed actor.''' ,'''There are an enormous amount of techniques I wanted to beta test in television. You can't take those risks on a $100 million movie.''' ,'''Spielberg is our hero. For him to make a nod to 'Godzilla' just before we make our movie is like getting the king to acknowledge you at dinner.''' ,'''Kurt Russell is the guy you know. He's not something out of a weight-lifting magazine or a cartoon character. The closest thing to him would have been Steve McQueen.''' ,'''In the '70s, you didn't know who was going to survive in a disaster film.''' ,'''There are three things that I'm addicted to when it comes to entertainment. In no particular order, One, I'm addicted to the cheer moment. 'Librarians' has plenty of them. Next, I feel that life is hard, and I want my entertainment fun, and 'Librarians' is fun as a Christmas party. And third, I like to be moved.''' ,'''With 'The Librarians,' we want to be a smart, fun, crazy, genre show, but we also want to be something that people of all ages can watch and enjoy. That, to me, does seem to be increasingly harder to find.''' ,'''We had an amazing experience shooting the first season of 'Leverage' with such a talented cast and crew and with the full support of TNT behind us.''' ,''''The Outpost' is an exciting fantasy with a strong female lead that will capture the imagination of fans of both 'Game of Thrones' and 'Wonder Woman.'''' ,'''Following a pre-cellphone world of children on an adventure is incredibly appealing for me. These are the kinds of movies I fell in love with and made me want to be a filmmaker in the first place.''' ,'''The truth is, we were sick of, every time we finished a movie, having to start all over again from nothing, going to a studio, pitching an idea, setting up a new office.''' ,'''The real trick to these movies and making the big action sequences work - and I've forgotten this sometimes and screwed it up - the characters really have to be humanized. Because you can have the greatest special effects in the world, but if you don't care about the people in those effects, there's no impact.''' ,'''I just make the movies I want to see. I've always been that way.''' ,'''In Portland, there are so many trained artists and technicians, there's an enormous talent base. And it's not like second-stringers.''' ,'''I've always lived by this philosophy, when it comes to conspiracies, never to attribute to deviousness that which can be explained by incompetence.''' ,'''I think when real life interrupts fantasy, it's always shocking.''' ,'''It's always hard to watch something you create be put in somebody else's hands.''' ,'''There's no doubt in the world that I am the biggest 'Doctor Who' fan.''' ,'''Just to be back in the world of 'The Librarian' again was such a joy.''' ,'''In tough times, we all hope for knights in shining armor, or the cavalry, to show up and effect change.''' ,'''I think we have a culture that creates heroes and then needs to knock them down, and then you have to see what the third act brings.''' ,'''We intellectualize it, and we rationalize it, but it's really about a love of movies, and I think whether you're making an art film or you're making a genre film, if you don't really love that movie you are trying to make, you'll be able to tell.''' ,'''I know I screwed up my 'Godzilla.'''' ,'''Everybody already knows what Godzilla is.''' ,'''I haven't had the egomaniac star yet in any of my films. It's always been a pleasure.''' ,'''The great thing about adventure, when told correctly, is it is one of the few genres that everybody in the family can watch together.''' ,'''Paramount Pictures is a perfect partner for Electric Entertainment, with the most stable group of executives in Hollywood and unparalleled global promotion and distribution reach.''' ,'''I like to get emotional when I watch my entertainment.''' ,'''Usually when you're doing a season one, you're trying to find the show.''' ,'''There are amazing behind-the-scenes technicians in Portland who didn't want to raise their families in L.A.''' ,'''The budget on cable television is dramatically less than network television.''' ,'''In the '80s, all the movies became predictable.''' ,'''There's a lot of superhero stuff out there and a lot of cop stuff out there. What we have very little of anymore is adventure.''' ,'''Of all the projects I've ever done, 'Stargate' is the only one from the beginning intended to be a trilogy. We always wanted to do parts two and three, but the thinking was they didn't want to do anything other than the TV series.''' ,''''Leverage' is meant to be based in Boston. But in one episode we're in New York, then another in Chicago, Florida, and Eastern Europe.''' ,'''There's a real difference now in what you can get out of film and the rise of digital platforms.''' ,'''We make movies that crack us up and hope that they crack up other people, too.''' ,'''John Rogers has an encyclopedic mind. Having John as our showrunner is the gift that keeps on giving. He knows more trivial information than anyone I've ever met in my entire life.''' ,'''I always wish I had another shot at it. But, listen, 'Godzilla' is something that I grew up loving. We worked hard to go make one. We kind of blew it. I think everyone gets one.''' ,'''I think if we did 'Stargate' right, the fans would like it, and we could do something really good. But if we screw it up, they'll reject it. As they should.''' ,'''I think there's a lot of factors that go into the whole awards thing. I've never been that big a fan of it.''' ,'''I hope to make the most expensive movie in history at some point!''' ,''''Librarians' is surprisingly touching in a lot of ways where it's not expected.''' ,'''I would love it if the whole 'Godzilla' franchise was revitalized for a new generation.''' ,'''Portland has all the accoutrements of a big city, but the heart and soul of it is a small town, so that creates an intimacy in a large environment.''' ,'''We used to call them the storm of the century but now we're seeing what happens if we don't act fast enough - and real human beings are suffering because of that.''' ,'''When I first came to Oregon, the annual amount spent on production was $1 million to $1.5 million. By the time 'Leverage' was done, there had been over $100 million in production that year.''' ,'''Stories about travelers coming into town and doing good have been part of our storytelling since the Bible.''' ,'''We are cannibalizing our audience by only giving them regurgitated material. Every movie is either a remake, a sequel, based on something else. Based on a former television series. Based on a successful videogame.''' ,'''We have to produce a high-quality show, but we have less and less time and money to do it. If you are using the tapeless approach to save money, you will.''' ,'''We're so specialized now in our entertainment. It's nice to do a show where you're really circling back to this idea of, 'Couldn't there be a show the whole family can watch together?'''' ,''''Stargate' has always had this empty hole. When we made the first one, we always intended on doing part two and three, and we were prevented for years. And our hope is that we can get another chance at 'Stargate' and tell the entire story we wanted to tell.''' ,'''I can tell you as a fact that if you'd asked anyone in Hollywood one year before 'Pirates of the Caribbean' had come out, they'd have told you the pirate movie was a dead genre. And it's not that it's a dead genre. If you make a bad pirate movie, no one will want to see it. If you make a good one, everyone will want to see it.''' ,'''In movies, we've run out of ideas for bad guys. We end up with politically incorrect villains, like Arab terrorists or Latin drug dealers or corrupt politicians. Well, aliens are the best film villains since the Nazis. You don't have to worry about offending anyone.''' ,'''The advantage of the Genesis is that it's a rock-solid camera, made by a company with an enormous history and a huge support base. Plus, it's very good in low light using all the Panavision lenses. The downside is that you're recording on tape.''' ,'''Portland is a two-hour flight from L.A. It has wonderful talent, and it hasn't been shot to death. I'm all in favor of it becoming a serious player in the industry.''' ,'''I like to make popcorn movies. It's my passion. I love the genre.''' ,'''The scale of 'Independence Day' is much more than 'Stargate.'''' ,'''I think that I do about 85% of what I used to do on my computer now on my iPad.''' ,'''That's one of the best things about the RED ONE - I can use all the best lenses that have been used in film forever.''' ,'''When you look at our Godzilla, you won't feel any nostalgia.''' ,'''There was no studio involved when we made 'Stargate.' It was financed through Le Studio Canal+ in France and, after the film was finished, it was sold to MGM. When the film was a success, MGM decided to do a television series based on the movie.''' ,'''We took over with 'Leverage' three warehouses, and now four with 'The Librarians,' and turned them into proper sound stages with sound doors and all the lights. We now have control of four real, proper-sized sound stages. The problem is they're dark and empty half of the year because there aren't enough productions coming into Oregon.''' ,'''These audiences are so damn smart, way smarter than the studios give them credit for.''' ,'''The movie business is not something that can come from the brain. It really comes from the soul and the heart.''' ,'''Had the car companies continued to do generation two, generation three, generation four of the EV-1, we'd be looking at a spectacular car today.''' ,'''We have to put people on pedestals; otherwise, there's no one to knock off pedestals.''' ,'''The days of family entertainment seem to have left us.''' ,'''It was somewhere in doing the last season of 'Leverage' that John Rogers and I became confident that we had developed an all-new production technique where we could put more on the screen with very little money. So we started to get more comfortable with the idea of trying to tackle 'The Librarians.'''' ,'''The Titanic hit the iceberg not because they could not see it coming but because they could not change direction.''' ,'''We're going to come back to Oregon, whether it's with another show, or a pilot, or a movie. We love working up there. I think it's got one of the most amazing talent pools of any state in the union.''' ,'''I don't think you can figure this stuff out. If you could figure all this stuff out, then all the great filmmakers would come out of Yale and Harvard. It's not an intellectual process.''' ,]
+++