+++
author = "Dave Portnoy"
title = "Dave Portnoy Quotes"
quotes_len = "64"
description = "the best 64 Dave Portnoy Quotes"
keywords = "dave portnoy,dave portnoy quotes,dave portnoy quote,dave portnoy sayings,dave portnoy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We're a comedy brand that pokes fun at everybody.''' ,'''I like coal fired. I'm definitely, generally, always a coal-fired guy. Crispy, don't do a ton of sauce, but kind of a well-done, coal-fired pizza is my jam.''' ,'''We have a long history of our reputation speaking for itself.''' ,'''I hate hypocrisy.''' ,'''You judge a pizza place on their cheese slice.''' ,'''We will not bow down to the winds of PC culture whichever way they may blow.''' ,'''I'd say we represent the silent majority.''' ,'''The first time I used 'Viva La Stool,' I was just bragging about something. People grabbed it, and it went viral organically.''' ,'''I'm bigger than the Beatles!''' ,'''Ad revenue is important, but we want to be self-sustaining.''' ,'''I call it as I see it.''' ,'''I really don't turn the other cheek. So when I feel like I'm being attacked, I don't back down.''' ,'''Everything the NFL touches that maybe we should be involved in... we always get the message the NFL frowns upon working with Barstool Sports.''' ,'''The motto is, control our destiny, do new things, where we talk directly with our consumers and aren't dependent on ad revenue.''' ,'''We make it very clear, we don't want our fans to say over-the-line things. But if someone is saying, 'I can't wait for Dave Portnoy to go out of business,' I don't care if our fans say, 'You're the worst.'''' ,'''I'd go toe-to-toe with anybody in the Boston media over our group, 18-35 year-old guys.''' ,'''We're sick of other people saying what other people should laugh at.''' ,'''We don't take ourselves very seriously and view working at Barstool Sports as a way to avoid becoming slaves to cubicle life.''' ,'''Some girls are just cut out to be housewives, drive SUVs and sing in the shower as opposed to being superstars.''' ,'''Everything related to the NFL, we're banned from. Whether it be Media Day, whether it be even doing negotiations for TV shows, everybody's afraid of the NFL in their relation to us because they know they don't like us.''' ,'''All Patriot fans despise Goodell.''' ,'''There are almost no other websites that have the type of readership we do.''' ,'''We're a comedy site and have made fun of every single race, religion, creed and gender. We've made fun of it equally.''' ,'''If we sell a T-shirt, that probably means we thought it was a huge event that resonated with our crowd.''' ,'''People know I'm a Jake Paul guy. I respect people who take over the Internet, and this guy has got maybe more haters than I do, which I also love.''' ,'''I'm never going to be on ESPN, probably. I've burned too many bridges. That's fine.''' ,'''That's the thing about New York, the streets of New York are crazy!''' ,'''I like seeing Roger Goodell squirm.''' ,'''The easiest thing to say is, 'I'm sorry.' We don't do that.''' ,'''I go on EEI shows. I go on with people I like.''' ,'''It's strange: There are feminists who like Barstool and then feminists who hate Barstool.''' ,'''If you're ordering chain, you're a person with poor taste. Everyone lives near a pizza place that's better than a chain. They can't stand up to a local pizzeria.''' ,'''I don't know how anyone lives in Miami. Because no one goes to sleep.''' ,'''It's like, if you sign a guy you know is a punk and a jerk, you can't complain like, 'Hey, the punk jerk is acting like a punk jerk!'''' ,'''Everybody hates Goodell. He unifies all Patriots fans, all New England, everybody hates him equally. He's really a hated guy.''' ,'''There's so much PC police. There's so much, 'You can't do this, you can't do that.' We're the exact opposite.''' ,'''I figured I should have a website, because that's what everybody was doing.''' ,'''I always wanted to find something that I could wake up and not hate doing. Hating your job was probably my nightmare scenario.''' ,'''You'd never believe how hard it is to find a wetsuit in Boston.''' ,'''We don't back down from controversy - we fan the fires. People think we go out of our way to create it, but we don't.''' ,'''It was always our belief that if we brought out good stuff our fans will like it and we'll go.''' ,'''This is exactly why Barstool Sports has to exist. We're one of the few places - maybe the only place - on the Internet where we don't let agendas dictate what we do.''' ,'''We like sports. We're not apologizing for it.''' ,'''Do I like Manhattan? No. Do I want to be in Manhattan? No.''' ,'''We really want Barstool Sports to be a brand that means something. It doesn't just have to be myself... you see the logo, that bar stool and the stars around it, and you know you're getting a certain type of vibe, a certain type of brand.''' ,'''Everybody is saying, 'ESPN is not cool, no one is paying attention to ESPN, they're all paying attention to the Barstools of the world.' Why? Because we're authentic.''' ,'''We have no union at Barstool Sports. Nobody is trying to make a union at Barstool Sports.''' ,'''I love Boston, but it's a smaller city for the personalities and video and the other stuff we want to incorporate.''' ,'''I feel like I see more and more Neapolitan style, that I call 'fancy pizza' - that's not my cup of tea; I think it all tastes the same.''' ,'''The fact that Manti Te'o thought for a long time that he was dating, like, a fake girl and then that she died and did the tribute and the girl never existed. I mean inherently that's funny.''' ,'''I want to make a boatload of money and i want to poof and maybe make it on the senior tour, live on islands, get a bigger Nantucket house.''' ,'''We have this fanatical fan base that wants to see us succeed, and so they get it. They get that to get the free content and all of the things we're doing - whether it be the blog, the podcasts, whatever - we need money. We need advertising. If you want us to go hire Michael Rapaport, well guess what, we need revenue to do that.''' ,'''Our readers get what we do, and I don't think about what it's going to look like to the outside world. I don't really care.''' ,'''There is always a line that can't be crossed. Anything that is said or written from a place of hate will never be acceptable behavior at Barstool.''' ,'''When have I ever said I don't want to sell out? I've been the most honest, 'I'm going to sell out right in your face' when I get the chance.''' ,'''Belichick's the greatest who's ever done it.''' ,'''The people at Barstool Sports are a bunch of average Joes, who like most guys love sports, gambling, golfing and chasing short skirts.''' ,'''You can't put Barstool in a box however hard you try.''' ,'''We make fun of everybody.''' ,'''I make the decisions nobody else has the stomach to make.''' ,'''No Barstool writer has ever said or written one thing out of hate or anger. It's always to get a joke.''' ,'''I think I'm a fairly smart person.''' ,'''I'll speak to anybody, anytime, anyplace.''' ,'''Unless you're getting a dollar slice, there's no real money difference between a chain and your local pizzeria.''' ,]
+++