+++
author = "Mikey Garcia"
title = "Mikey Garcia Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mikey Garcia Quotes"
keywords = "mikey garcia,mikey garcia quotes,mikey garcia quote,mikey garcia sayings,mikey garcia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Boxing is for the poor man. A lot of people don't know what's going on, but I've been able to see it first-hand, and if I can speak out on the behalf of fighters going through problems, I will, because... it's important to create awareness. Everyone should speak up. Because if people are aware, maybe there can be change.''' ,'''I want to give my fans great fights to remember me by.''' ,'''I've always wanted to do things different, always wanted to be the person who stands out from the pack.''' ,'''We fight smart, fight intelligent, pick our shots, be very smart about how we place our feet. That's how we win.''' ,'''I thought I fought a really good Orlando Salido. I never let him get into his fight. I knew what I needed to do against him and I think that was the difference. I was able to control the fight.''' ,'''I'm never out there looking for the KO. If it's there, I'll take it.''' ,'''Errol Spence is a fighter. He wants to hurt you.''' ,'''I trust my brother and my dad. They know my capabilities and my skills. If they tell me to do something, they know best.''' ,'''Why take the pay-per-view gamble? I don't need to do that.''' ,'''I'm here to take control of my career and take it to where I believe it should be.''' ,'''I'm here to let everyone know I'm taking bigger fights and I'm not afraid on taking the bigger challenges.''' ,'''If I did a multiple-fight deal, I could probably get more money but it's not always about the money.''' ,'''My dad had a third-grade education in Mexico. Third grade. My mom had a fifth-grade education. They were raised in a poor home... They got married and they had their family, but there's hardly any future.''' ,'''I've had a stellar career.''' ,'''I know what I'm capable of. My dad, my brother, know what I'm capable of. They've seen me in the ring sparring. They know me better than anyone else.''' ,'''You've got to keep your eye on the prize, always want more and never settle for what you have.''' ,'''I want to be great. I want to prove to everybody that I am great.''' ,'''I don't feel the need to do anything other than what I've been doing, beating my opponents, getting some knockouts, keeping the fans coming. I don't need to do anything other than that.''' ,'''I've been on cruise control with my opponents, even though I fought some very good champions, undefeated champions.''' ,'''If I want to accomplish what I want, I have to take care of my body.''' ,'''I will never forget seeing my parents coming home from the strawberry fields, looking through their bags to see if they had any leftover Doritos bags he'd buy.''' ,'''I'm very confident in my skills and my abilities. I know what I can do.''' ,'''I really believe in myself. That's why I keep challenging myself.''' ,'''I traditionally like to be patient, calm and look for openings - try to box for a few rounds until I figure out what the best thing in the ring will be for me.''' ,'''I've been able to not only be a fighter, but a thinking fighter, where I can use my insight into the business and politics of the sport to make my decisions.''' ,'''I'm always the favorite heading into fights. My accomplishments don't get credit because I'm supposed to win.''' ,'''I never dreamt to be headlining a pay-per-view card. That was never a goal.''' ,'''I'm never out of shape, never out to hurt my body by drinking or partying.''' ,'''Errol Spence, I really want that fight because everyone says it's too much, too risky. That's exactly why I want to do it. That's a guy who could put me on top as far as best fighter in the world.''' ,'''I don't think being undefeated is going to determine my greatness.''' ,'''Pay-per-view is bit of a gamble.''' ,'''I like to wear cowboy gear once in a while. Whenever the occasion comes. In the ring, we used to wear a poncho and the hat.''' ,'''I don't believe in the catch weight.''' ,'''I think I showed I'm resilient, I'm strong, I can go the distance against a bigger man and still box effectively.''' ,'''You work hard. You have a dream. You don't give up.''' ,'''It's not OK for somebody to push a fighter into a corner and strong-arm him to accept whatever the promoter wants.''' ,'''If I want to pad the record, just fight pretenders, get a quick paycheck and keep moving on and racking up wins, that's not something I want to be known for.''' ,'''I don't take easy fights.''' ,'''You should not be taking advantage of anybody.''' ,'''To cement your name, you've got to go after the biggest fights.''' ,'''I will become a five-division champion.''' ,'''I feel that's what a real champion needs to be doing, dare to take on the best fights possible.''' ,'''I've always said I have very good timing. It is underestimated when you are outside the ring but once you get inside the ring with me, I'm a step ahead.''' ,'''I have a good fan base in Texas. It's almost like a second home.''' ,'''I bought a Lamborghini, SV Aventador, one of 600. Modified. There's other 'Lambos' out there, but that one I have is unique.''' ,'''I think a fight with Errol Spence is easier to make than Lomachenko because of promotional reasons.''' ,'''I made it a goal of mine to fight the biggest challenges, so that people can appreciate who I am as a fighter.''' ,'''I'm fighting champion after champion. Those are the fights that will excite me the most and motivate me the most.''' ,'''I want to get bigger and better fights, where people can recognize me as one of the better fighters in the world.''' ,'''A lot of fighters are counted out after a loss, and it's really what you do afterward that offers an explanation to your career.''' ,'''I would love to fight anybody at the welterweight limit with a belt.''' ,'''My performances are getting people's attention, that's what I'm looking for.''' ,'''My kids are four years apart. They're constantly fighting, hitting each other, grabbing the toy away from the other.''' ,'''I feel I have the power and the skillset to compete in any division up to welterweight.''' ,'''My dad had his dream of being a champion boxing trainer. He accomplished that.''' ,'''It came like a natural thing for me, and I liked it. That's how my amateur career started. But again, no interest in a future in boxing. I just thought it was like a little pastime, something to do.''' ,'''I make the fight look easy and people haven't seen the best.''' ,'''I have a blue 2010 Dodge Challenger SRT, the first car I ever bought. I didn't want it to just be a regular Challenger. I wanted it to be different. So I sent it out to Richard Petty's garage in North Carolina, completely tricked it out - a one-of-a-kind built for me and we changed the name of it from 'Challenger' to 'Champion.'''' ,'''Robert Easter Jr. is a tough fighter who I have to take very seriously and I do, and that's why we did a nine-week training camp and got the great sparring, got the right training, the right diet, everything.''' ,'''Every fighter has a different agenda. Every promoter has a different agenda for their fighter. Every manager has a different agenda. So things change all the time.''' ,'''It's your career. Why should you let someone else be in control of what you do? You're the one taking all the risk. The promoter is not the one getting in the ring, the manager is not the one getting in the ring, the trainer doesn't even get in the ring.''' ,'''I'm not afraid to step up and take challenges.''' ,'''If I look forward to bigger fights, than the biggest fight for me is Manny Pacquiao.''' ,'''You don't win a fight by the size and the weight.''' ,'''I never had a dream to be a boxer.''' ,'''When I walk into the arena, I get excited and emotional, when I see the fans rise and start cheering. But then I get into the ring and it's all business for me.''' ,'''I want to make sure I give the fans my best while I'm in my prime.''' ,'''I'm definitely interested in facing Linares.''' ,'''I feel that my body is not made to be a natural welterweight. But my abilities and boxing skills will allow me to be successful even at 147.''' ,'''There's always doubters, that's part of the game.''' ,'''I can do a lot of things that other fighters can't.''' ,'''At one time, when I was first starting, when I was first champion, I wanted to be undisputed champion so I could hold all the belts and no one else could say they were champion. Then you realize the boxing business, the politics, get involved and it's not very likely you can accomplish all that.''' ,'''Growing up in Oxnard you're a Cowboys fan, bro. I remember when I was like six, seven years old my cousin gave me a sweatshirt that said 'Cowboys' on it and ever since then I said I'm going to support the Cowboys.''' ,'''No other fighter's doing what I'm doing, no other fighter is daring to do what I'm doing.''' ,'''My parents' story is a great example of the American dream. Their struggles, their hard work for a better family... it inspires - that no matter how bad it might seem, you can always move past that and better yourself.''' ,'''I'll take any lightweight.''' ,'''I believe I'm better than everybody when it comes to footwork, timing, reflexes, defense, you name it.''' ,'''All of the great fighters have had losses but are still considered among the greatest ever. The undefeated record is not as important to me as facing the toughest challenges out there.''' ,'''I'm about big challenges, big obstacles, and just to show everybody that I'm the best.''' ,'''I've been dropped. You get up, and you win the fight.''' ,'''I want to add to my legacy because, in the end, that's going to be the most valuable for my career.''' ,'''One loss is not the end of my career.''' ,'''I don't have a number set that I'm chasing, but I do believe I'll be a champion at 140, and again at 147.''' ,'''I'm not an 'opponent.' I don't believe I should be treated as an opponent.''' ,'''I'm small for 140.''' ,'''I'm available to fight anybody.''' ,'''I think I carry the power well at lightweight.''' ,'''It would be a great thing for my legacy to get in the ring with an all-time great.''' ,'''As a champion, you always want challenges.''' ,'''I was fighting at 125 pounds when I was 15 years old... then became a champion at 126 pounds at 25 years old.''' ,'''I want to do things not many have done.''' ,'''I want to fight the top champions, I want to fight for titles.''' ,'''I know that at the end of my career I'll get the credit I deserve.''' ,'''As the fighter, you're the one getting in the ring, you're the one risking injuries, you're the one risking your life - not only on the day of the fight, but in training camp. You're getting punched, you're training, you're sparring. You have to make sure that it's worth the risk - the compensation, the terms, the fights that you want.''' ,'''I could easily be defending my title against top contenders in the Top 10, but if they haven't been champions or their record's not perfect, it doesn't really excite me. It doesn't motivate me. But that's why I'm facing guys like Dejan Zlaticanin, Sergey Lipinets, undefeated champions.''' ,'''I know people say I could be the next big pay-per-view star. They say that about a lot of fighters. To reach that, it takes a lot. Not just fighting skills, but marketing, good promotion.''' ,'''I think Adrien Broner was at his best. If he wasn't, I would have knocked him out. He was very motivated, he changed camps and made weight with no issues.''' ,'''The one time I get butterflies at my fights is during the ring walk, and to get to do that with my home crowd is special, emotional.''' ,'''I want people to look back at my career and say, 'That guy never backed down from anyone.'''' ,'''I fight for my name. For my dad's last name to be recognized in the history books of boxing.''' ,]
+++