+++
author = "Sophia Bush"
title = "Sophia Bush Quotes"
quotes_len = "70"
description = "the best 70 Sophia Bush Quotes"
keywords = "sophia bush,sophia bush quotes,sophia bush quote,sophia bush sayings,sophia bush saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think the greatest thing that we can do is take care of each other.''' ,'''I have walked away from friendships when I've realized that someone smiles to someone's face and talks about them the minute they walk out of a room. I have no room in my life for that kind of negative energy anymore.''' ,'''Marriage is not about age; it's about finding the right person.''' ,'''I believe all men, all women, regardless of race, gender, socioeconomic background, you deserve the same rights.''' ,'''I enjoy getting riled up, and nothing's gonna do that for you like a good scary movie.''' ,'''We've all known a John Tucker. We've either known one, dated one or our best friend has dated one. I think a lot of men at one point or another have been a John Tucker.''' ,'''I love to box. I once took a kickboxing class in college and got totally hooked.''' ,'''I love boxing. There's something fierce about using your body's force that way.''' ,'''I started, whenever I got to a city, just getting on Style Seat, which is the most incredible app for any girl who doesn't have 100 stylists at her fingertips. I can see who's well-rated and whose portfolio I like, and then book an appointment all from my phone, which made having bangs a lot easier.''' ,'''I'm not a waif-y girl and never will be. I think it's healthy when fitness experts encourage fitness rather than getting a certain body shape.''' ,'''Life is too short, and I'm Italian. I'd much rather eat pasta and drink wine than be a size 0.''' ,'''Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. It's when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks.''' ,'''I'm not going to dinner with somebody who eats like a bird, nor do I want to eat like a bird. But its weird: In our business, I'm a size 2 and considered curvy. Its important to remind young women, 'Listen, even skinny girls have cellulite, even Halle Berry has cellulite, and what you see in photos isn't totally real.'''' ,'''Getting wasted is only OK when you're young enough to not know better.''' ,'''There are fundamentalist psychopaths in every religion in the world. Every single one.''' ,'''When you realize who the good people are in your life, you're so lucky.''' ,'''I get to do what I love every day. I get to crawl into someone else's head and I love that.''' ,'''I will not vote for a candidate who thinks you can 'pray away the gay;' I will not vote for a candidate who thinks that he has more rights to my uterus than I do; I will not vote for a candidate who thinks that it's okay to dump toxic waste in the ocean.''' ,'''I want to play everything. I really want to do it all.''' ,'''I wanted to be a doctor when I was a kid, but I started doing theater in high school because it was a requirement. At first, I was completely irritated. But I ended up loving it.''' ,'''Me, I'd prefer to have a good reputation rather than getting press for being scandalous, getting drunk in public, staying out late and so on.''' ,'''I don't think you can really, truly be the partner you want to be until you know on an absolute level that you are a complete person on your own.''' ,'''I've always wanted to fight for people who didn't have arms. I've always wanted to speak up for people who don't have a voice. I've always wanted to protect people who couldn't protect themselves. It's my nature. It's my instinct.''' ,'''People just deserve to be treated with kindness.''' ,'''I want to get married again and have kids and even adopt.''' ,'''I'm such a sucker for love and I believe in it and I always want it to win.''' ,'''Of course, everybody makes mistakes, and we've all been young and stupid. But people need to have a sense of respect, particularly in this business, because hundreds of people are ready to take your place at any time. Maybe some people should think about that.''' ,'''If I wasn't an actor, I'd probably be working in journalism.''' ,'''The only two men I have time for are Barack Obama and my trainer.''' ,'''I was a total education geek. I loved school. I loved learning. I loved doing homework. All of my books and notebooks from high school are underlined and highlighted and there are notes all over the margins. And you know, I was a theater kid too. I was all over the place.''' ,'''So, I'm always around video games but I've always been interested in them from a visual perspective, with the graphic design and that whole thing. I don't know if that comes from my love of photography or what but that's always what's held my interest about them.''' ,'''The more that I know of politics, the more it makes me realize that being a politician is largely useless.''' ,'''I believe people are inherently magical and good.''' ,'''Tacos are the perfect food.''' ,'''All the sudden high-impact stress can really take a toll on your body. So if you still want to be active and get in a good workout, go to a yoga class or pilates class, or get in some strength and conditioning.''' ,'''I was lucky. My family is wonderful. And it's funny, because most of my best friends come from very large families. So it always felt as if I had lots of siblings, though in the end I had to leave them and go home. I kind of got the best of both worlds as a kid.''' ,'''Mystery makes movie stars! If you see someone on the cover of the weeklies all the time, why would you want to pay to see them in a movie?''' ,'''I own four copies of Robin WIlliams's Live on Broadway comedy special for HBO. One in Wilmington, one in L.A., one in my trailer, and one at my parents' house. I can watch it over and over again and it never gets old. He is the funniest, wittiest man on the planet!''' ,'''I've started to treat my health like a science project.''' ,'''If I spend a Saturday being lazy and curled up on the couch with my dogs, I'll just make sure to get out and be active on Sunday.''' ,'''I'd rather hang out with five people that I love than with 400 strangers at a club who are all doing the up-and-down inspection thing. They appraise everybody from head to toe - the outfit, the handbag, the shoes, how much they weigh... I can't stand it!''' ,'''Life throws some curveballs at you and you go where it takes you.''' ,'''In the initial season of a show, you're figuring out your character and their life and their background and you're putting together all the chapters of the book.''' ,'''I'm not a celebrity. I don't call myself a celebrity. I'm an actor.''' ,'''When you use God as an excuse to hate people and you use God as an excuse to cut people down, first of all, I think it's insulting to God.''' ,'''To me, I think people who don't think it's a big deal to toss a plastic bottle in the garbage are not only being irresponsible, but I think they're being disrespectful of all the other humans on earth.''' ,'''I believe in the joyous power of an unscheduled dance break.''' ,'''Two people who I think have the world's most perfect skin are Cate Blanchett and Kate Bosworth. Maybe there's something to being named Kate, I don't know, but those two just seem to be effortless, yet completely, ethereally gorgeous.''' ,'''It's no secret - if you know me, have ever met me or have shared a meal with me - that I'm a passionate environmentalist.''' ,'''It devastates me now that I have been reduced to a Hollywood statistic - another joke marriage.''' ,'''When I started training, I just started running every day, which you shouldn't do. I learned that lesson the hard way by getting a stress fracture.''' ,'''I fight for the environment because we only have one planet, but I see how the environment affects poverty and how the environment affects women around the world.''' ,'''To be happy, it first takes being comfortable being in your own shoes. The rest can work up from there.''' ,'''My dream job is to be the Robin to Anderson Cooper's Batman.''' ,'''I had the most incredible English and literature teachers in school, and it really influenced my love of storytelling. It's what made me excited to study journalism in college. I love editorials and documentaries. All of that came from being given the opportunity to lose myself in good writing when I was a kid.''' ,'''The hardest situation to stay happy in, I think, is when you're trying to find love, and yourself at the same time. It just doesn't seem to fit well.''' ,'''Your body tells you what it needs, and if you sleep past your alarm on a Saturday morning, it's probably because you need the sleep.''' ,'''I think the sexiest thing on anybody is intelligence. I respect somebody who has a brain and wants to use it more than a pretty face and status.''' ,'''I get to experiment with a lot of looks with my character so that's really fun for me. It's like getting to paint a new canvas everyday.''' ,'''I have pretty thick eyebrows, so I'm really grateful to Brooke Shields, the first time around, and now Cara Delevingne for making that such a thing. For those of us who were born that way, it's kind of nice.''' ,'''You know, my parents have always been incredibly supportive. I'm an only child, so we're very close. There's just the three of us. They're exceptional parents but also great friends. My father was able to take his hobby, photography, and turn it into a beautiful career. So when they saw how much I loved acting, they were 100 percent behind me.''' ,'''People care about my personal life. But really I'm dorky! I drink beer and go to football games. And ya know, sit in my house in a t-shirt on the weekends and play with my dog!''' ,'''Because sorry to say, women run the house. They run the family. They hold things up. I mean, it's like you don't ever see your mom get sick because she handles everything. And it's kind of amazing I think to show people just how strong women are.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a worrier, to an extreme. I'll crack a joke, then worry if I've offended someone - even when they're laughing. I have a guilt complex, always worrying.''' ,'''Brooke and I share some similarities. We're both passionate, fiercely loyal people. But she is far more outlandish than I'd ever be, particularly with her body and her sexuality. Brooke has made herself weak for men - she only gained self-confidence from their attention.''' ,'''Because I'm 5'4' and athletically built, if I gain five pounds it looks like a lot.''' ,'''I've always been the long-term relationship, go-home-and-meet-mom girl.''' ,'''Fashion is in my blood. Growing up, I was always clacking around the house in my mother's shoes.''' ,'''I like all of the mental, psychological thriller movies too. I enjoy horror movies across the board.''' ,'''I think it's easy for people to assume that fame is equal to glory, but it can be a very isolating experience.''' ,]
+++