+++
author = "Pete Doherty"
title = "Pete Doherty Quotes"
quotes_len = "96"
description = "the best 96 Pete Doherty Quotes"
keywords = "pete doherty,pete doherty quotes,pete doherty quote,pete doherty sayings,pete doherty saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can't see why people call me a bad influence. I meet a lot of kids who are into music. I spend as much time as I can with them. I listen to their demos, and I'm encouraging.''' ,'''I'm not really a fighter, but I've never backed down from anyone in Paris. I feel I can't. In London, I'll just run because I'm not going to fight 50 Wolverhampton Wanderers fans.''' ,'''To meet my little girl for the first time was a humbling experience. She's got my eyes and a smile that just melts my heart.''' ,'''When you see a photograph of a football crowd at a Saturday afternoon game in August 1963, you've got 40,000 men in trilbies. That's paradise, man.''' ,'''My family used to say, point-blank, 'We'd support you if we thought you could sing, or we thought you could write songs, but you can't.'''' ,'''I'd say exercising self-control is very important for a dissolute life.''' ,'''I'm not an activist. I'm a fantasist.''' ,'''If Oasis is the sound of a council estate singing its heart out, then the Libertines sounded like someone just putting something in the rubbish chute at the back of the estate, trying to work out what day it is.''' ,'''I'm always nervous before playing a gig, to tell you the truth. It's what nearly did me in when I was with the Libertines. I just couldn't handle it.''' ,'''I feel a lot better when I've got a bit of cash on me.''' ,'''If you don't wash your hair, it cleans itself. That applies to the human body as well.''' ,'''My sound is just vintage Vox AC30s and Marshalls... Matchless amps are cool as well.''' ,'''Amy Winehouse asked me a while ago if I had written any new songs. I played her something, and when I had finished, she looked at me and said, 'Is that it? Is that all you've got?'''' ,'''When you're young and idealistic, you don't care: you'll play to no one, in your bedroom - like kids with football - you'll play anywhere; you just love the music. And then, bang - soon as you're in the industry, you think that's the dream. But that's when the dream starts to end.''' ,'''I've never actually learnt scales. I should someday.''' ,'''I'd never say I wouldn't fight a war. In different ages, I would have done. I'd have fought the Vikings.''' ,'''Money wasn't important to me. Once I discovered music, I was quite happy to live as a bum. As long as I had my music and my band, I was happy.''' ,'''It's amazing, the number of people who don't have passports, who can't read, who can't write. It's sick actually. It's disgusting.''' ,'''Babyshambles were offered some money to have a comeback. Good band, they were - amazing tunes.''' ,'''That was my fantasy, actually - to become a billionaire, buy the 'Sun' and the 'Mirror,' and close them down.''' ,'''The Libertines is a lifelong trip with very dear friends that, for one reason or another, will never end.''' ,'''I'm a good man.''' ,'''There's no drug in the world that can compare with playing music.''' ,'''I remember when I was about 15 and still listened to Pet Shop Boys and Chas And Dave, some lad at school lent me a Blur tape, and it had on it a song called 'Bank Holiday.' I said, 'What's this? I liked that tape, but that one song is a bit fast'. He said, 'Yeah, it's punk. It depends what mood you're in.' And then something sort of clicked in me.''' ,'''I used to write songs to get love, but now that I have it, I don't feel the need to anymore.''' ,'''I've turned my back on fancy parties and red carpets. I'm a writer, and if I did that, I'd never get anything done.''' ,'''I'm blindingly optimistic. Ravingly optimistic.''' ,'''Me and my dad, we're both quite nostalgic people.''' ,'''Inverted snobbery is just as dangerous as snobbery itself, you know - that pride in having nothing.''' ,'''I knew I had I a better album than 'Up the Bracket' in me, and I wanted to record it. But I was told we've got to keep touring, keep promoting. That was the first time I realised we were on a conveyor belt.''' ,'''I love life. I squeeze everything I can out of the day.''' ,'''He kind of makes me ill, David Cameron. I liked the old-fashioned Tory - like Winston Churchill, who had style. But Cameron's like a new breed - computer-generated. I hate it.''' ,'''It's difficult talking about someone you love when you've split up with them, because it's painful to rake up all those old emotions again.''' ,'''For a little while, maybe I did fall for my own mythology.''' ,'''Drugs are a very selfish thing.''' ,'''I could be anywhere. I just need my space to work.''' ,'''I'm not saying that maybe there isn't a kid out there whose behavior hasn't been influenced by me in some way. I'm sure there is. But I can only speak for myself, and if you'd asked if my behavior had ever been affected by people I'd admired from afar, like musicians or footballers, that'd be a yes, totally. Right down to their hand gestures.''' ,'''In the early days of the Libertines, we used to put on Arcadian cabaret nights. There'd be some girl climbing out of an egg; we'd try and get a couple of mates to tell a few jokes, performance poets, and then we'd play in the middle of it all. More people were on stage than in the crowd.''' ,'''I've lived in Liverpool, London, Belfast, Germany, Coventry, Dorset, and Cyprus.''' ,''''Gunga Gin' is a true Libertines amalgamation, in the proper, old-fashioned sense of the word.''' ,'''Maybe I'm actually an optimist.''' ,'''I love Paris.''' ,'''I have too many debts with the wrong people.''' ,'''I think Julian Casablancas and Amy Winehouse are two contemporaries I envy.''' ,'''At school, I was always the new boy, so I always went in for the school play. It was a way of breaking the ice and making friends with pupils and teachers for however long I had before moving on.''' ,'''Liverpool and London are two places I looked upon as home.''' ,'''It's not enough to play the old songs; that feels like being your own covers band or something. It's a big release to do new stuff.''' ,'''Every day I wake up in Paris, it's real tranquillity. No pressure. I'm out of the grasp of people. I don't have a phone, and I drift a little bit.''' ,'''I hate to say it - it breaks my heart - but we're a tacky, money-obsessed culture.''' ,'''It's funny, but I always feel really safe on the streets of London. It's the most inspiring place to be in the world.''' ,'''I don't know; we'll see what happens with Brexit. If they make it so that you can't travel any more without a visa, I'm going to have to leave the country, stay in the E.U., and probably change my citizenship.''' ,'''I've been thinking about my life, my loss of friends, relationships, opportunities, money, my values. There's also the loss of relationship with my son and my daughter, who I've only met once. All that loss - I just got so good at blocking it out.''' ,'''My older sister, Amy Jo, and I - we are the first generation of my family to stay on at school and do any exams at all.''' ,'''Being skint, drunk, paranoid - no, I don't wish that for myself.''' ,'''Noel Gallagher is a poet, and Liam is a town crier.''' ,'''When I was 16, walking down Oxford Street, I saw Ian Brown. I said, 'Are you Ian Brown?' He said no and walked off, but I am sure it was him.''' ,'''Each man kills the things he loves. I recognise that in myself - in relationships, even with guitars - beautiful things that I've had and wilfully destroyed.''' ,'''I'm always up for a riot, but now and again, you've gotta put your feet up and enjoy the sunset.''' ,'''I was always very softly spoken and kinda looked after myself.''' ,'''I reached the point where I was getting arrested all the time in London. I couldn't walk down the street. London becomes a very small village, eventually. You run out of places. It was inescapable.''' ,'''The only thing that makes sense to me that I've learnt over the years is knocking tunes together.''' ,'''My brother and I are not rivals. We are shipmates and best friends and the greatest songwriting partnership in the world.''' ,'''So many actors say, 'Oh, I can't bear to see myself on screen,' but it's not true. Everyone loves to see themselves from a good angle.''' ,'''This bloke in Rome once took his camera off and cracked me round the head with it, and I'm bleeding. He was a bit bigger than me, the Italian photographer, but I thought, 'I can't back down now,' so I sort of squared up to him. Luckily, my mate jumped round and bit him on the neck.''' ,'''I hate seeing myself misquoted.''' ,'''I think I'm really quite horrible to myself in many ways.''' ,'''Music and fashion and art - they were the things we were willing to die for. 'Is my hair all right? Have you heard this tune?' They're the things that saved us. They're the things that are saving kids on Nuneaton council estates. There's no other way out.''' ,'''Spitalfields - I often find myself milling around there. I always go down Spitalfields whenever I can.''' ,'''For any music aficionados out there, if you just play E to G, with a cool hairdo, you can't go wrong.''' ,'''When you split up with someone, someone that you're seriously in love with, it takes a lot of time before you even realise that you're upset. You know? It just hits you.''' ,'''I quite like 50 Cent.''' ,'''It was always my ambition to be on the cover of a free gay magazine.''' ,'''I'm a dreamer. That often helps me, no matter how crappy things become.''' ,'''I never went to school in England until I was 12.''' ,'''To get better, you have to get worse.''' ,'''Anyone can feel amazing if you're with someone you love.''' ,''''You Talk' was originally a copy of a certain Velvet Underground song.''' ,'''I just wanted to get on telly. I wasn't a massive Oasis fan, but I had to be in order to get on the telly.''' ,'''No, I never surround myself with people I hate.''' ,'''I have a distinct memory of friends I had at school whose parents were, for want of a better word, bohemian. That was the kind of England that I thought I should have belonged to.''' ,'''The rush that you get from having a good night's sleep is so exotic: to feel powerful and clean, capable and potent, as opposed to washed up, impotent and mute.''' ,'''It's never going to be hipster because you've got that smell that the sea gives out twice a day. That's why Margate will never be gentrified. However, there is art-led regeneration.''' ,'''The media circus got a bit twisted when I was in London. It became a bit of a joke, really. In Paris, they're so serious, I can take myself really seriously, too. I can get really morbid without people telling me to cheer up.''' ,'''Humanity's always been weird at heart. Look at how societies form, rituals, practices, even rock n' roll. Humanity really is dark and twisted.''' ,'''In my own sweet way, I'm quite a superficial person.''' ,'''I'm always looking over my shoulder.''' ,'''I've always enjoyed acting, and there's more than a degree of it involved in singing live on stage.''' ,'''When I say I'm going to do something, I do it.''' ,'''The only way I see myself in a serious relationship is if I am toning it down a bit.''' ,'''I wish I had better contact with my family.''' ,'''There's a difference between performing in Philadelphia to New York as much as a difference between playing in Luton and playing in San Francisco, y'know what I mean?''' ,'''I like touring. It's like a school trip.''' ,'''The fact that I'm obviously well enough to be playing - in fine fettle and fine singing voice, yet I am not playing with The Libertines - is a sore point.''' ,'''You can tell a lot about a person by their handwriting.''' ,'''In a way, I'm always working with Mick Jones. I feel like he's watching over me all the time. We talk about everything: history quite a lot. Balloons and wars and old football players. The Clash.''' ,'''I made the fatal mistake of trying to cut my own hair. It makes me look like I have a good face for radio.''' ,]
+++