+++
author = "Aidan Quinn"
title = "Aidan Quinn Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Aidan Quinn Quotes"
keywords = "aidan quinn,aidan quinn quotes,aidan quinn quote,aidan quinn sayings,aidan quinn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There will come a day when the phone doesn't ring as much as it used to.''' ,'''I had to bring myself back down to being a normal person again.''' ,'''Life is hard for everyone. That's why there's such a nice reward at the end of it.''' ,'''You have to make them laugh and then make them listen.''' ,'''Celebrity, to me, is not a thing to seek.''' ,'''Money is just something to be circulated.''' ,'''Some actors actually think about what they're going to talk about during the interview - they read up and meditate and plan quotes and get all inspired. It's very smart, but it's so planned. I never think to do that.''' ,'''Genetics play a huge part in who we are. But we also have free will.''' ,'''I loved working with Meryl Streep twice and I've gotten to work with my friend Liam Neeson on several occasions.''' ,'''I'm not particularly a career-oriented guy. I'm lucky. I can make really interesting films much of the time with interesting people yet be anonymous, have a private life. But, I'd like to have the choice of the better roles.''' ,'''I can't control how people are going to react. I try not to worry about what I can't control.''' ,'''I'd wear clogs, short pants and ladies' bracelets. I created this aura for myself.''' ,'''I get to do interesting roles and make a living.''' ,'''There's certainly more work for me in TV these days.''' ,'''I would love, more than anything, to do an out-and-out farce with huge physical energy. Just because you're from the minimalist school, it doesn't mean you can't go big.''' ,'''I like the level of fame that I have. You get nice tables in restaurants sometimes, but fame isn't something that I find comfortable.''' ,'''I think there's a down-to-earthness with Midwesterners and with people from the Midlands - which is where my family is from - in Ireland.''' ,'''I think my being such a nomad let me into acting. I was always having to create a new image whenever we moved.''' ,'''My thing about looking good is that it should be the character. If I'm playing a character who's concerned about his body - an athlete, say - I'll get in shape. If I'm playing a character who doesn't or wouldn't, I don't. I almost never get in shape for a movie, even though I know it would be a good career move.''' ,'''I'd sneak out of the house to meet girls at 3:30 a.m.''' ,'''I mean, I've been stupid in the past, and I've learned from that.''' ,'''I'm not a city kind of guy. I'm happiest when I'm tromping through the woods. That's why I don't live in Los Angeles. Being physically away from Hollywood probably loses me a few jobs, but the best ones seek me out.''' ,'''Really, most of us just focus on what's in front of us. We're too busy putting out the fires of everyday life.''' ,'''You should learn to be happy with what you have. Besides, the fact that I'm not a huge star has allowed me to pick and choose the roles I want to do, not the ones some person sitting in a studio office thinks I should do.''' ,]
+++