+++
author = "Ally Walker"
title = "Ally Walker Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Ally Walker Quotes"
keywords = "ally walker,ally walker quotes,ally walker quote,ally walker sayings,ally walker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just have that cop gene going on. I like strong women. I think a lot of women relate to strong characters, and a cop is still a strong character.''' ,'''This is the hardest job I've ever had, being a mom, but it's the most rewarding job I've ever had.''' ,'''I loved my soap days. I really loved them. A Martinez and Marcy Walker taught me how to act, basically. All those people pulled together and helped get me started. Like, showed me how to hit my mark, made me do this, made me do that. That was my first long-running professional gig. And it was like, they were just - great, great with me.''' ,'''I worked with Cameron Crowe, and I'd love to work with him again.''' ,'''I just like to do different parts.''' ,'''I've done a lot of dramas, and I've done a lot of serious stuff - some really heavy stuff... which I loved, but I wanted to do something light and airy. I think the challenge for an actor is always to see which parts of you you can explore and go have fun with.''' ,'''I like strong women. I think a lot of women relate to strong characters, and a cop is still a strong character.''' ,'''Life is not just one thing; life is a lot of things, and I think I've been lucky to do that.''' ,'''I've always been a bit of an outsider... I just pop up, kind of. I have a life. I have children - I have three children - and I love the craft of acting; I'm dedicated to that... that's always meant more to me than just hanging out... I've always been kind of a weirdo in that respect, but if the role is good, I'm going to do it.''' ,'''I'm probably going to go more the feature film route for a while, just so I have more time on my hands. If I did go back to television, I'd do a comedy, a half hour. Or I'd go back on an hour long if it was ensemble, if I had a smaller role, if I could work less days.''' ,'''I think Kurt Sutter's different as a creator for different people. My experience of Kurt Sutter has always been a really professional, lovely one. I like Kurt Sutter very much.''' ,'''I actually have no aspirations to ride a motorcycle ever again. It's exhausting. You get cold.''' ,'''I think the challenge for an actor is always to see which parts of you you can explore and go have fun with.''' ,'''You know, I'm really bad on the computer. I'm really lame, man. I read and hang out with my kids. I've turned into a five year old.''' ,]
+++