+++
author = "Naomi Scott"
title = "Naomi Scott Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Naomi Scott Quotes"
keywords = "naomi scott,naomi scott quotes,naomi scott quote,naomi scott sayings,naomi scott saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm aware of the decisions I make and the responsibility I have as a role model. I wouldn't disregard that.''' ,'''I'd always put on little shows at home, but when I was 11, I did a community event in Woodford, where anyone could go. You had three days of vocal training and performed your song at the end.''' ,'''I'm really close to my family, and we talk through things. My parents are so amazing, they're brilliant. We try to take one step at a time and be wise about the decisions we make and keep our values and the things that are important.''' ,'''I'm aware of the decisions I make and the responsibility I have as a role model. I wouldn't disregard that. It's a privilege.''' ,'''I'm aware of the decisions I make and the responsibility I have as a role model. I wouldn't disregard that. It's a privilege. That's not to say people don't make mistakes - we're all human. No one's perfect. I'm just going to be myself.''' ,'''There are too many people around keeping me grounded to go off the rails. I'm my own person.''' ,'''There are too many people around keeping me grounded to go off the rails.''' ,'''I want to pursue music in the future, but I'm taking it a step at a time and making sure I'm constantly growing.''' ,'''No 17-year-old is just one thing, especially in this day and age. Kids are into all sorts of things.''' ,'''All of us, although we may have a label attached to us, that's not who we are.''' ,'''I'd always put on little shows at home, but when I was 11, I did a community event in Woodford, where anyone could go.''' ,'''My parents are so amazing; they're brilliant. We try to take one step at a time and be wise about the decisions we make and keep our values and the things that are important.''' ,'''I'd always put on little shows at home, but when I was 11, I did a community event in Woodford, where anyone could go. You had three days of vocal training and performed your song at the end. I sang 'I Say a Little Prayer.' It's a tough song to sing but they gave me the confidence to go for it and belt it out.''' ,'''I'm my own person. You can't generalise about people.''' ,'''Within a few weeks of coming back from filming 'Lemonade Mouth,' I got these scripts, and 'Terra Nova' was the one that stuck out. I was like, 'Oh my gosh'.''' ,'''I'm really close to my family, and we talk through things.''' ,]
+++