+++
author = "Ser'Darius Blain"
title = "Ser'Darius Blain Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Ser'Darius Blain Quotes"
keywords = "ser'darius blain,ser'darius blain quotes,ser'darius blain quote,ser'darius blain sayings,ser'darius blain saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wanted to be a doctor, that was the goal.''' ,'''Will Smith, Denzel Washington, Derek Luke and Leonardo DiCaprio inspired me the most. The rawness balanced with charisma that they all bring to the screen is awe inspiring.''' ,'''Do what you love at all costs and maintain your faith in God. Nothing we have is of our own strength so as long as we remember where we came from, it will inform us where we are going.''' ,'''I was a biology major. But I also happened to be captain of the basketball team and first chair in band.''' ,'''I cook a lot. For my friends - I do a lot of dinner parties and stuff.''' ,'''I do everything I do to glorify God.''' ,'''I go to a lot of comedy shows.''' ,'''I like to work out in the gym, but when I'm in Miami, it's all about the beach for exercise.''' ,'''Have respect, hard work, faith and dedication, all these things. No matter what environment you're in, they should keep you strong. Knowing this, I surround myself with people who have similar beliefs. People who don't let me forget who I am or where I come from.''' ,'''I love gritty dramas, 'Queen Sugar,' 'True Detective' - stuff like that, but I also love quippy comedies - those multi-cam comedies with incredibly talented and funny casts with perfect comedic timing.''' ,'''God gave me talent, He gave me gifts in order to magnify Him.''' ,'''Nothing beats a jog, and perhaps a push-up or two, by the ocean on a beautiful day.''' ,'''I was raised with moral principles that would not be shaken in hard times. And mentorship is huge - it's really important to be around people who have been where you've been, people you look up to and who will keep you strong.''' ,'''Miami feels like home to me.''' ,'''When you're remaking a classic, you don't want it to lose steam.''' ,'''I'm a decent dancer - I can hold my own.''' ,'''Persevere. Don't let anyone tell you that you can't do something, because nothing would happen.''' ,'''What I do regret is working too hard sometimes instead of really enjoying my youth. I'm trying to make an effort to stop and smell the roses now.''' ,'''I always knew I wanted to act but I was really afraid to desire something that seemed so unrealistic and a long shot. I was a kid memorizing entire movies and TV episodes but I didn't take it seriously until I was about 19. Then I moved to New York and took it head on.''' ,'''Little girls need someone to look up to - and little boys need strong women to look up to, as well. I don't think your heroes should be relegated to someone who's the same sex or from the same background as you. Little boys should grow up wanting to be like Serena Williams.''' ,'''I was very lucky to have a father who took me to church.''' ,'''I sing and write a lot of pop, R&B.''' ,'''I was running from the calling of God because I didn't want the responsibility of standing upright and living under a microscope. I know now that others' destinies rely on my destiny and purpose. I've accepted the challenge and am actively walking in that purpose.''' ,'''Jack Black, I think, is probably the nicest person I've ever met in my life.''' ,'''If I could pick any character from any game to represent me it would be Ryu from 'Street Fighter.' He's so cool and walks with so much still confidence.''' ,'''I have some rhythm, but I definitely learned a lot from Jamal Sims and Spencer Henderson.''' ,'''I think we all have regrets but I try to just learn from them instead of giving them too much attention and validity in my life. I used to regret not going to a major four-year university and missing out on dorm life but if I had done that, who knows if I would be doing what I do now.''' ,'''The most fun about working with special effects is that you have to really rely on your imagination to build the scene. You can't actually see how what you're doing will fit in ultimately and you look silly while doing it but when you see the finished product it becomes something amazing!''' ,'''When it comes to representation and agent meetings, a lot of times actors go into the meeting with the idea that they need the agent to pick them - but it's a partnership.''' ,'''I had social anxiety to the max. I was scared of my own shadow! But as I grew, I got more comfortable with myself.''' ,'''For me, the audition process always starts with a few questions: Who am I? What am I trying to get across? Why am I trying to get that across? Where am I emotionally? It's a lot to do with my foundation, and I go from there.''' ,'''I was a nerdy jock.''' ,'''I'm excited to bring in a new fan base for 'Charmed' and to surprise and shock the old ones as well - bridge the gap between both. Maybe I'll get some superpowers!''' ,'''People have always had difficulty saying my name or were resistant to calling me 'Sir' even though my name starts with 'Ser.' Growing up, my family always called me Darius. They're the only ones that are allowed to. All my close friends call me 'Ser' or 'D' and on sets most people call me 'Ser'D.' I'm cool with that.''' ,'''I grew up in Miami, which is a very 'cool' city, but I was a science nerd.''' ,'''I'm really proud to be part of it. I think it's great that the show came back. We have another generation to fall in love with magic and the 'Charmed' sisters.''' ,'''My spiritual journey began at conception.''' ,'''People tend to shy away from tall guys who dance, but hey, we can make it look good, too!''' ,'''I think 'The Big Bang Theory' is one of the greatest written TV shows of all time.''' ,'''Young people need to see that you can be a nerd and still be cool.''' ,]
+++