+++
author = "Angie Dickinson"
title = "Angie Dickinson Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Angie Dickinson Quotes"
keywords = "angie dickinson,angie dickinson quotes,angie dickinson quote,angie dickinson sayings,angie dickinson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew up going to movies. My daddy was the projectionist, so we got in for free.''' ,'''When I completely submerge my sensuality or my sexuality, I'm not very interesting.''' ,'''I wouldn't want to be known only as a sex symbol. I wanted to be known as an actress equally or even more so.''' ,'''If you're only trading on looks and your body, that's only going to go so far. But that was never my bag. I was always about the whole package.''' ,'''I was 10 when I left Kulm, N.D. I had a wonderful childhood there, out playing in the mud. We moved to California then, but I still went to Catholic school, didn't grow up very sophisticated or very liberal.''' ,'''The double standard means men can run around and women cannot. I think I'm up to testing that.''' ,'''I used to learn my lines on the toilet, in the car, at dinner.''' ,'''My parents were Democrats, and I was a Democrat. And John Wayne was a Republican.''' ,'''My father, Leo Henry Brown, really was talented - he could write. He had a gift, and he had a great, sly humor.''' ,'''I never felt the need for feminism. I never felt competition with men, which I really believed started the movement.''' ,'''I was never in the top category of anything. I was never on people's lists. I was never the potential anything!''' ,'''In Rio Bravo when Duke makes love to Feathers, the scene dissolves to the next morning where we see him putting on his vest and almost humming. It was subtle, but you knew what happened. Give me a towel and some blankets any day!''' ,'''You can't stop the aging process. There's only so much oil you can put on your body. I've always just tried to go with my age. If the part requires somebody a little younger or older, I can probably get away with that.''' ,'''I didn't care about being the 'star.' I just wanted to make a living and have a consistent career.''' ,'''I think it was sexier when you didn't have to take it all off.''' ,'''I never thought of myself as beautiful. I thought I was OK, certainly good enough to get along.''' ,'''Betty White jokes are just not for me.''' ,'''Anybody can be a drummer.''' ,'''Growing older doesn't bother me.''' ,'''I don't drink wine during the day. Not even a little. Otherwise, the rest of the day is an apology.''' ,'''When you're a TV star, you pretty much set the tone, and on 'Police Woman,' we goofed around all the time.''' ,'''I was popular in high school. I smiled, and I laughed, and I talked, and I wasn't bad-looking, but I was never considered beautiful - never, ever.''' ,'''My mother was against me being an actress - until I introduced her to Frank Sinatra.''' ,'''I dress for women and I undress for men.''' ,'''I'm hard to imitate because I'm not gifted enough.''' ,'''I have never knowingly dated a Republican.''' ,'''The romantic love of my life, I'm sure, was Burt Bacharach. I had a few that were wonderful, but I married him, and that's going pretty far.''' ,'''There was this one movie I really wanted to do, with Gregory Peck, 'Captain Newman, M.D.,' and Universal said, 'Well, if you want that, you're going to have to sign a seven-year contract.' And I'd already been through that. But I needed it, so I signed.''' ,'''I remember a Humphrey Bogart movie where he was a reporter, so I wanted to be a reporter, and then he was a parachutist, and I wanted to be a parachutist.''' ,'''I never really felt like a movie star until 'Police Woman.'''' ,'''My mother raised three girls, really, pretty much on her own, and she didn't have time for play or conversation or whatever. She had to take care of a house, a business, and three kids.''' ,'''Without Police Woman I wouldn't have had a career. The show started about the same time the women's movement was taking off. Ours was the first prime-time one-hour show featuring a strong, professional woman. It paved the way for other series to follow.''' ,'''There's a difference between a Hollywood wife and a Hollywood woman. I don't count. I worked.''' ,]
+++