+++
author = "Cassie Steele"
title = "Cassie Steele Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Cassie Steele Quotes"
keywords = "cassie steele,cassie steele quotes,cassie steele quote,cassie steele sayings,cassie steele saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I started improvisation at age nine, and I loved it so much I stuck with it. As a by-product, acting was just something I was lucky enough to fall into.''' ,'''I really like action-dramas like 'The Professional' or 'La Femme Nikita.' I'd really like to be in a movie like that.''' ,'''I'll probably never go to prom. I haven't ever been to a high school dance.''' ,'''You never have an indifferent feeling after an audition. It's either gone really well or really terribly.''' ,'''I definitely want to act and I want to sing. If those two fall through, I want to become a writer, probably, like a songwriter for other people, or a novel writer. I write a lot, and I read a lot. I like reading fiction.''' ,'''I like mythology - anything historical.''' ,'''I'm a huge geek, so I love 'Stargate' and 'Firefly.'''' ,'''People ask me all the time which I would prefer doing more, but I honestly can't say. When I'm filming, I'm like, 'No, this is my favorite,' and when I'm writing music and recording and performing, it's like, 'This is definitely it.'''' ,'''I feel like my life is pretty much on display. So much of it is working, and that's really all I want to do. I'm an open book.''' ,'''In my down time, I'm a homebody. I like to do a walkabout. I like my alone time.''' ,'''I have two dogs and a parrot, so they require a lot of attention. They deserve it.''' ,'''My dad probably gave me the best advice growing up. I think it's really just keeping your cool in situations and learning to balance everything.''' ,'''I like my hair long, and I love my bangs. I love them because I can pin them back or keep the fringe with attitude.''' ,'''L.A. is such a big city, and there's so much going on. I mean, you know you're in L.A. when you can just hear sirens all the time.''' ,'''I totally have this thing for Harry Styles from One Direction. But, like, I could totally date the rest of the band as one. I mean, if I could date all of them at one time, that'd be, like, ideal. They seem pretty close, but who knows? Maybe not that close.''' ,'''I came from a very musical family, so I grew up singing karaoke with the family. My family said 'do this' and brought me to singing lessons. I had always been writing poems and songs.''' ,'''I started classical and operatic lessons when I was 8 and become an operatic singer and went to competition. I write my own music. A lot of the songs, growing up, I was into writing dark stories and poems, and one day I started putting melodies to them.''' ,]
+++