+++
author = "Kreayshawn"
title = "Kreayshawn Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Kreayshawn Quotes"
keywords = "kreayshawn,kreayshawn quotes,kreayshawn quote,kreayshawn sayings,kreayshawn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In L.A., like, there's a lot of, like, materialism, and, you know, people who think they're better than each other because of the clothes they wear or how they dress, and in Oakland, it's not like that.''' ,'''Honestly, if a girl's wearing, like, a Gucci shirt with a Gucci belt and a purse and a visor, that's not cute at all. You can't get away with that - with me - but you can always sprinkle it in there with your own stuff, and it's all good.''' ,'''I have always had stuff on the Internet. Way back in the Myspace days, I had a lot of friends on Myspace. And it is just all about, like, networking - contacting people and showing people, like, your mind.''' ,'''Like, you can't tell a certain race, like, 'You're supposed to act this way, and you're not supposed to act this way because of what color you are,' like, that's just holding everybody back, you know what I'm saying?''' ,'''I'm, like, a person who likes love. And I can find love in any type of person. I've dated girls, and I've liked girls. But they're usually straight girls, so it never works out. I mean, I'm not that gay, so I don't have the energy to convince someone else to be gay, you know?''' ,'''I like Goodwill and the thrift stores. I don't like going into a store and picking from a bunch of cute stuff that's already been found. One of the best parts is finding it myself.''' ,'''I was born in San Francisco. I was raised in Oakland, so I'm, like, super Bay Area born, and, you know, it's just really multicultural up there, and there's a lot of subcultures just from, like, anything, like from rockabilly to, like, crazy punk scenes to, you know, a huge rap scene, and there's just all kinds of things you can do out there.''' ,'''My favorite lie was the online rumor that Bruce Willis was my uncle. That's hilarious.''' ,'''Guys usually like my sense of humor, and I am pretty down to earth. And I'm a driven person.''' ,'''When I grow up, I want to be like Diplo, for sure.''' ,'''My mom was in a punk rock band called The Trash Women, and they toured and all of that. She had me when she was 17.''' ,'''I like playing my Tamagotchi and Game Boy. They take me back to the old days when times were more simple.''' ,'''I wanna make stuff that sonically sounds really good. I don't wanna make a song about how people think I'm this when I'm really that. I don't wanna make a song about how I grew up broke.''' ,'''I'm not really concerned with trying to turn haters into believers.''' ,'''Waka Flocka Flame, some of his lyrics are, like, common sentences. But just the way he is, and the way he delivers it, makes it this crazy metal hip-hop.''' ,'''Sometimes I'll dress like a boy, sometimes I'll dress like a Japanese crazy teenybopper. I have clothes from the 7th grade that I've kept and still wear.''' ,'''I know Diplo knows a lot about underground music culture - he was one of the people to put me onto music like that when I used to listen to the Mad Decent Mixes. It was like, 'Oh, he knows what I want.'''' ,'''If I grew up, you know, in the ghetto, like, and I wasn't taught any other way to talk or a way to act or other food to eat or just like anything like that, like, when I'm I supposed to do? You know, like, is there a class I'm supposed to take to learn how to be white, you know?''' ,'''I'm obsessed with horrible movies.''' ,'''I always see guys get all, like, flexed on other people, trying to show off that they are tough, and it is just, like, no girl really likes that.''' ,'''People be saying, 'Watch - when she gets some money, she's going to get a Gucci purse.' But I don't think that's my style. I like finding random stuff and random brands. Maybe one day when I'm sophisticated and older I might settle down and invest in a nice leather handbag.''' ,'''I am an artsy girl. It's no secret that I am artsy, you know.''' ,'''I love Claw Money. They always send me stuff. I always wear their sweatpants.''' ,'''I don't only like rap music. There's everything from R&B to crazy gangster rap, hip hop... everything! But it all blends together nicely. It's like a magical music rainbow.''' ,'''I was super-obsessed with the Spice Girls. Ginger was my favorite. They had a tour in 2008, and my home girls went, but I didn't have the money to go!''' ,'''I had braces; I was lucky, 'cause I had some snaggle teeth. I always try and keep my retainer on me 'cause I'm paranoid about my teeth. It was run over by a car, so half of it's missing, but it still works.''' ,]
+++