+++
author = "Ree Drummond"
title = "Ree Drummond Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Ree Drummond Quotes"
keywords = "ree drummond,ree drummond quotes,ree drummond quote,ree drummond sayings,ree drummond saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've set aside a nice chunk of my advertising revenue each month for giveaways, like a KitchenAid mixer. I like buying them for the audience, because without the audience I wouldn't have the blog or the revenue in the first place.''' ,'''Butter, cream, and bacon. That's such a great foundation right there.''' ,'''The truth of the matter is that I live on an isolated cattle ranch in the middle of Oklahoma and that's not going to change.''' ,'''I'm a writer and a photographer - I'm totally aware that doesn't always translate to TV.''' ,'''With the exception of an occasional cocktail party with friends, my holiday entertaining mostly centers around smaller get-togethers with family.''' ,'''In many ways, our marriage is anything but traditional. When I started my blog in 2006, Ladd was the only one that really understood what I was doing, probably before I even understood what I was doing. He wasn't tech-savvy, but he just got it and was totally on board with it.''' ,'''I prefer cooking to baking. Baking, to me, is very precise, and it's about perfection.''' ,'''I love nutcrackers, as I was a ballerina growing up.''' ,'''I want people to see how hard my husband and kids work on the ranch.''' ,'''I think deerskin work gloves are the answer to everything. You can give them to someone who gardens or someone who works outside. And you can give them to someone who grills; they're great for grilling. I wear them all the time, 24/7.''' ,'''If I were a single person living in a city, I could support myself, but I probably wouldn't have a blog, because I would have nothing to blog about.''' ,'''I was the last person that any of my friends would have pictured moving to the boonies.''' ,'''I think people are drawn to 'The Pioneer Woman,' not because I am some fascinating person but because I present things that a lot of people can relate to.''' ,'''For a while, I Photoshopped too much. When you first learn what you can do, you really go overboard sometimes.''' ,'''As The Pioneer Woman has grown and the revenue has grown, the prizes keep getting better, and that certainly feels good.''' ,'''I'm so boring. My idea of a great day is just to be home with absolutely nothing to do.''' ,'''I attended college in Los Angeles and wore black pumps to work every day.''' ,'''Now I live in the middle of nowhere on a working cattle ranch.''' ,'''I had been teaching myself photography.''' ,'''I hate to play the I-live-in-the-country card, but it really takes all of the 'pack the kids into the car and run from here to there' out of the equation.''' ,'''If you ruin the main course of a dinner party, it ain't all that tragic. Just laugh!''' ,'''We used to have skunks that would go under our house and scratch their backs. I remember after I had my first baby, I didn't really have many friends, but I got invited to a dinner with a group of people from town. We all took the same vehicle, and I got in, and someone goes, 'I smell skunk.' I had to fight back tears.''' ,'''I'm working on a second cookbook and am working on my love story, 'Black Heels to Tractor Wheels.'''' ,'''I think a common misconception about a small town in rural America is that everyone believes the same way, and nothing could be further from the truth.''' ,'''I didn't even know any cowboys growing up. When my friends heard that I was marrying a cattle rancher and moving to the country, they literally could not believe it. They started calling me the Pioneer Woman as a joke.''' ,'''I think over-seasoning it is something I tend to do. If it's a good steak, salt, pepper, and butter are the three key ingredients. But just try not to overcook it, and you'll be happy.''' ,'''Oats are great - you can make meatloaf and use oats instead of bread as the binder, or you can make oatmeal cookies, my husband's favorite.''' ,'''I'm pretty sure I could've ended up on 'Real Housewives of Orange County.' They need a fair-skinned redhead.''' ,'''I'm a cinnamon roll evangelist.''' ,'''I'm wondering if I made the right decision about hair and makeup.''' ,'''I'm a thirty-something ranch wife, mother of four, moderately agoraphobic middle child who grew up on a golf course in the city.''' ,'''Christmas and Thanksgiving are the two days of the year where we know the spurs are going to stay off the boots because the family doesn't have to work. It's such a nice - and rare - treat!''' ,'''Knowing what I'll write about and what I won't has never really been a problem. I won't write about things that bore me.''' ,'''When I was young, I wanted to be an actress. I had no idea what that meant, but I just thought it sounded fun.''' ,'''My days are spent wrangling children, chipping dried manure from boots, washing jeans, and frying calf nuts.''' ,'''I don't like bananas. I like to drive that point home.''' ,'''It never occurred to me that I was going to have to talk to a camera. I don't know if I can do this.''' ,'''Ninety-five percent of the time when I run a contest I've purchased the giveaway prizes with advertising money.''' ,'''I'm not a chef, and I'm not an expert at anything. I'm just a mom and a wife.''' ,'''I'm as flawed as the next person. But maybe I inspire women because I'm an example that you should never assume that where you are in life or what you're doing is going to remain exactly as it is forever.''' ,]
+++