+++
author = "Rebecca Mader"
title = "Rebecca Mader Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Rebecca Mader Quotes"
keywords = "rebecca mader,rebecca mader quotes,rebecca mader quote,rebecca mader sayings,rebecca mader saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I never did any sports at school. It wasn't until I moved to America, to New York, when I was about 20 that I actually thought that if I wanted to be an actress I might have to start working out.''' ,'''My first car was in 2006 when I got on my first TV show - a BMW 328i2 four-door sedan in slate grey. That was a great day, that was.''' ,'''I've always wanted to do an adult cartoon, because I want a job where you can just drive up in your pajamas, have a cup of tea and not even get dressed, and you've gone to work for the day. What a great gig!''' ,'''You know I hate watching myself on TV, I know a lot of actors say that, but it's true for me.''' ,'''It's rare to work on a series without a writer. If you have a question about a line, then phone calls have to be made.''' ,'''If I have the power to post 'Happy Birthday' on someone's Facebook page and make them feel really good, it feels really good to make other people feel really good. I love it. I'm a huge Facebook and Twitter person. And I love talking to my fans. It's fun.''' ,'''I'm quadracontinental. I've got a life in London, New York, L.A. and Hawaii.''' ,'''Actors who say they don't watch TV are stupid. I was raised by TV! And it's how I research for auditions.''' ,'''It's a blessing to be paid to be in paradise. The Hawaiian people are so friendly.''' ,'''The danger with playing someone tough is that the character can become two-dimensional and mean and nobody likes her.''' ,'''I do accents. Sometimes when I've had a few drinks, I speak in different accents all night long, and then at the end of an evening someone will say to me, 'Seriously, where are you from?'''' ,'''When I got 'Lost,' I was about to not be able to live, so it was a fall-to-the-knees, burst-into-tears, 'I'm saved by this great role' moment.''' ,'''I'm just naturally quite toned. My dad was like a body builder, so I've got my dad's body. Not all of it, thank God.''' ,'''Without question, dying on 'Lost' was the best thing I have ever done in my entire career.''' ,'''I'm such a fan girl when it comes to movies, TV and sci-fi, sometimes I can't believe I actually get to be in them.''' ,'''I'm not Irish. Just because I have red hair doesn't mean I'm a lucky charm, you know?''' ,'''I don't know what the next acting job will be. I would love to do a comedy.''' ,'''I'm incredibly cheesy. I'm all about happy endings and all of that.''' ,'''All I do is watch TV and films, and when I'm not doing that, I'm making them. I need a hobby!''' ,'''For people to come to you and say, 'Would you like to be a part of our show?' after years of 'Please tell me I'm good enough,'... I can't tell you how wonderful it feels.''' ,'''I love science fiction stuff - I'm a bit of a dweeb like that.''' ,]
+++