+++
author = "Kristin Gore"
title = "Kristin Gore Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Kristin Gore Quotes"
keywords = "kristin gore,kristin gore quotes,kristin gore quote,kristin gore sayings,kristin gore saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like my leaders smart and serious. I don't need a stand-up comic.''' ,'''Any writing teacher tells you to write what you know, and for better or for worse, Washington is a world I know well.''' ,'''My dad has a dry, deadpan sense of humor, and my mom has an unexpected, wacky take on things. They really encouraged laughing at ourselves and the weirdness of situations that come up growing up in politics.''' ,'''It's all discipline and schedule for me. I mean, it's very easy to get distracted by the real world and things that intrude constantly, and it takes dedication to live totally in your head and be tuned out.''' ,'''There's this perception of D.C. as a boring town run by old white men, but in reality, there are incredibly young people in charge of really important things.''' ,'''I was one of those dorky kids who'd wanted to go to Harvard since the fifth grade.''' ,'''I make things up for a living. It would be pretty boring to just fictionalize real people.''' ,''''Jitterbug Perfume' is one of my favorite books.''' ,'''The one thing I witnessed over and over were these pretty young people who would throw themselves into a cause larger than themselves and believe they could change the world.''' ,'''When I read books, I actually really love imagining whomever I want to in the character's role. I get such vivid pictures on my own that that is a big part of the experience for me.''' ,'''From age 7 on, I wanted to be a writer.''' ,'''Take it from me: I really love making things up, which is why I write fiction for a living.''' ,'''When my father became vice president, I was a sophomore in high school. I'd do things like go on a run with my soccer team and purposely dodge the security van. Then my parents compromised with the Secret Service when I went to college. I just had a panic button in my dorm room, so if I pressed that, they'd be there within 2 or 3 minutes.''' ,'''I consciously decided to make both 'Sammy's Hill' and 'Sammy's House' more of a warm satire and not go the route of writing a dark and bitter book about D.C.''' ,'''Both of my parents have great senses of humor.''' ,'''I can't look at people's wrists. Something about the veins makes me weak. My siblings used to torture me with that because they knew it was the thing I couldn't handle. They would stick their wrists in my face.''' ,'''I've seen some version of 'An Inconvenient Truth' since I was born.''' ,'''I can go days without meaningful human interaction.''' ,'''My parents were enthusiastic fans of 'Sammy's Hill.' But they think 'Sammy's House' is a better book.''' ,'''I love the satire and skewering of comedy writing.''' ,'''I don't really go into labels or an in-depth discussion of different value systems because for me, it's sort of the truth of the situation in D.C. Certainly, in my fictional depiction of it, there are decent, shameless people on both sides at every level.''' ,'''In my free time, I'd written 'Sammy's Hill' - it had started out as a play. I just did it for myself.''' ,'''Whenever Congress was in session, we were in Washington. So four months out of the year we were in Tennessee and the rest of the time in Arlington, which is where my mom grew up. Then, of course, in 1992 we moved into the vice president's house in D.C. I was 15 then.''' ,'''After writing for TV for a while, I got sort of fed up with all of the cancellations and the volatility in that industry. Also, you're always writing for someone else's character and story, and I really wanted to develop my own.''' ,'''The wrists, the Achilles' tendons, and the neck are some of the weakest points of the human body, so a lot of people have phobias about those things. I can't deal with the undersides of wrists.''' ,'''In actuality, 'Sammy's House' can and should be read as an entirely fictional comedy set in a fascinating political world.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a writer, from being a little kid onwards. My dad and my mum both had phases when that was what they did.''' ,'''You think about D.C. as a boring stuffy place. That's kind of its image. But if you grow up in that, you see all these energetic, fun people and crazy stuff that happens behind the scenes that no one knows about.''' ,'''I was really nerdy. Compared with my sisters, I often felt like a boring person because I lived so much in my head and in books.''' ,'''I'm just grateful that my parents still love each other.''' ,'''I didn't realize I wanted to write about D.C. until after 2000. Even though I was a comedy writer, I stayed away from that subject on purpose. It took attaining some distance and perspective.''' ,'''I'm allergic to caffeine. When I have it, my throat gets sore, and I get a rash.''' ,]
+++