+++
author = "Teri Garr"
title = "Teri Garr Quotes"
quotes_len = "114"
description = "the best 114 Teri Garr Quotes"
keywords = "teri garr,teri garr quotes,teri garr quote,teri garr sayings,teri garr saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I didn't tell people because I didn't want pity, and I was afraid I wouldn't get work. But others with MS need to know they are not alone. We don't have to be victims.''' ,'''My mother was a real tough cookie. She raised the three of us, and she worked at the same time.''' ,'''I loved the stories my parents and grandparents would read to me.''' ,'''When I was a dancer, I would see that dancers were treated like garbage. I mean like, like extras.''' ,'''I want to write more, because I think I've got a story to tell.''' ,'''Directors would tell me, 'We want you to play a character a little less complex than you are.' Yeah, sure. What they mean is, 'You're playing a dummy.'''' ,'''You can keep it to yourself, but you could also call a support team like the team at MS LifeLines. They are there to support the MS community and give good advice.''' ,'''I'm wondering if they haven't reported all the people with MS, because if all of the cases were reported, the government would have to step in and give more financial aid to us.''' ,'''I have worked enough and I am happy to be touring the country speaking about living with MS to give people inspiration and motivation to help themselves.''' ,'''Going to dancing school, or being in a play, is a very familial feeling. You're around friends.''' ,'''I resent it when they write the part of a woman who's just a sexy femme fatale who seduces people to ger her way, perpetrating the myth that that's how woman have to operate, instead of using their brains or their wit.''' ,'''I danced in a company of 'West Side Story' when I was very young. It was most of the original cast - Larry Kert, Chita Rivera - and Jerry Robbins directed. It was tough, a wonderful initiation for me.''' ,'''My daughter couldn't wake me up, so they called 911. They rushed me to the hospital. They drilled a hole in my head and wrapped a coil around my brain. I was unconscious for a week, and I was in rehab for two months - couldn't walk, couldn't talk. Now I've relearned everything. I'm so happy.''' ,'''There are several drugs out right now that can't stop multiple sclerosis, but they can slow it way down. They also made me puff up like a balloon. So I looked horrible. I hated that.''' ,'''I think there are a lot of myths about MS, and it may have affected my career.''' ,'''I have an enormous fondness for delicious food. It's very comforting.''' ,'''If there's ever a woman who's smart, funny, or witty, people are afraid of that, so they don't write that. They only write parts for women where they let everything be steamrolled over them, where they let people wipe their feet all over them.''' ,'''Someday, I'll make the right connection with the house I'm meant to be in.''' ,'''I'm always like this with a new movie role. I always get super-defensive and make noises like a rooster, Maybe that's because I spent so much time as a chorus girl.''' ,'''Having to manage fatigue is something I and many people with MS have to deal with, and heat is no friend to my MS, either; it can be devastating.''' ,'''I had to learn to walk again, talk again, think again.''' ,'''Elvis used to have parties at his house - and I've told this story a million times - but they weren't really parties, because there was no chips or dip. Just Elvis and his boys watching TV, and him making funny comments, and everybody laughing at them. Is that a party? Not really. But that's Hollywood.''' ,'''Someday they may cure MS, that idiot thing. It gets in there and they can't get it out.''' ,'''God is in all - I believe in God, yes. And I believe God is in us.''' ,'''I went to North Hollywood High. I'm the original Val girl.''' ,'''My father died when I was 11. He was a vaudeville comedian. He worked in one movie, 'Ladies of the Chorus,' as Marilyn Monroe's father.''' ,'''There were symptoms that I saw, and though I went to many doctors and had many tests, no one diagnosed MS.''' ,'''You have to find out what's right for you, so it's trial and error. You are going to be all right if you accept realistic goals for yourself.''' ,'''I'm really grateful for my dancers' discipline.''' ,'''If you get your foot in the door doing one kind of part, that's the kind of role they call you for. I can't say I resent it - then I would resent my whole career.''' ,'''Oddly enough, MS has made my life so much better than it was before. I now appreciate what I have and I am not running around like a rat in a maze.''' ,'''My doctor said, for want of a better word, now that we've got medicines out here that can help, let's put you on one of them and say we're treating MS.''' ,'''Please, people, don't drink and vote. We'll all pay for that.''' ,'''I remember some stories had a very big impact on me, like 'The Little Train That Could,' which is about the importance of not giving up, and 'Little Toot,' about a playful tugboat in the New York harbor.''' ,'''They drilled a hole in my head and wrapped a coil around my brain so it wouldn't bleed anymore.''' ,'''I may not be able to run around the block anymore, but I love my life.''' ,'''I get this thing every once in a while that I call 'ESS:' emergency sleep situation. I'll get like lead, really fatigued, and I can't move.''' ,'''I go to my physical therapist to keep fighting it and one of them told me if you don't use it, you lose it, but I know we're on television so I won't say what I would often say.''' ,'''I don't consider that I have to judge any of the movies I make all the time, but people are always asking me, 'What's your favorite movie?' And I never know what to say.''' ,'''I plan to live to be 120!''' ,'''I was trying to work, but I noticed that people, if they had any inkling of the idea that I was sick or had MS... people shunned me. No work after that.''' ,'''I was in an acting class taught by Eric Morris, and Jack Nicholson was in the class. He wrote the script for 'Head', so all of us in the class got little tiny parts in the movie.''' ,'''The whole MS stuff put the kibosh on my career. And I sort of let it go. I even have a friend who went to CBS and said, 'I want Teri Garr to be in this series,' and the head of the network said, 'Oh no, she's got MS.'''' ,'''Any movie I've ever made, the minute you walk on the set they tell you who's the person to buy it from.''' ,'''My next book's title is going to be, 'I Have One Foot in the Grave and Another on a Banana Peel.'''' ,'''I understand how hard it is to talk to people about MS. You don't want pity or random advice.''' ,'''You have to lift your head up out of the mud and just do it.''' ,'''I think I look pretty good. And I know there are human beings my age who look the way I do. There must be stories about us - not just about people who are young and good-looking.''' ,'''My agents have me in the Actors' Protection Program. It seems to be working very well. Nobody can find me.''' ,'''I have a disease, but I also have a lot of other things.''' ,'''It doesn't help to contemplate how sad your life is. You have to move on.''' ,'''I have been off the motorcycles for about 20 years now, but that doesn't mean I can't still do it.''' ,'''I've always had this American-pie face that would get work in commercials... I'd say things like, 'Hi, Marge, how's your laundry?' and 'Hi, I'm a real nice Georgia peach.' Sometimes this work is one step above being a cocktail waitress.''' ,'''I have one brother who is a surgeon, there's me, and my other brother builds boats.''' ,'''I was in love with Michael Keaton. He was very funny.''' ,'''I had been nominated for an Academy Award for my performance as Sandy Lester, Dustin Hoffman's neurotic, struggling actress girlfriend, in 'Tootsie.' Under Sydney Pollack's direction, 'Tootsie' had been a runaway hit starring Dustin as an unemployed actor who pretends to be a woman in order to land a role in a soap opera.''' ,'''My mother was a Rockette at Radio City.''' ,'''Usually, the extras have a different mentality. I had the mentality of an artist, because I was a 'ballet-rina.' But most extras are out to make a fast buck for nothing. They're 'atmosphere.'''' ,'''I want to write about my experiences since 'Speedbumps.'''' ,'''Joan Collins was the best. She really could sort of pull it off, be really outrageous and never even flinch.''' ,'''If you get somebody laughing - and then stick in a point about something important - they'll remember it.''' ,'''I always say don't be scared. It's not that bad - there's always something worse - and there is definitely life after multiple sclerosis.''' ,'''I try to laugh as much as possible and enjoy the company of people who can make me laugh.''' ,'''I did a string of about six or seven Elvis movies, all in a row. He made all of those movies in two years' time. All of them bad. Don't quote me.''' ,'''What's worse in Hollywood, being handicapped or being a woman over 50?''' ,'''Speaking out about multiple sclerosis to others who may be dealing with this disease is actually helpful to me as well as, I hope, to others. It builds community, helps bring awareness to MS, and strengthens the MS movement that will ultimately lead to the end of this disease.''' ,'''A chiropractor wishes he were a doctor, just like those people outside Spago wish they were actors.''' ,'''There's people doing whatever the hell they want and getting away with it.''' ,'''MS doesn't define who I am.''' ,'''I went on the 'Letterman' show the first time to plug something, and then I came back as the Fool, the court jester.''' ,'''Seventy-five percent of MS sufferers are women.''' ,'''I went to physical therapy, occupational therapy, voice, every kind of therapy except mental therapy - obviously!''' ,'''People ask me about my limp. I say, 'You know, I don't know how bad it is, because I don't watch - I don't watch myself.' I don't look at it. I don't.''' ,'''There's always going to be somebody worse off than me.''' ,'''I feel ashamed of how many houses I've actually crept inside of when they were up for sale. I'm not a snoop, but I love looking and imagining.''' ,'''When you're a kid, you should be a kid.''' ,'''I recently saw the movie about Ray Charles, and there's a scene where he falls down and the mother doesn't help him. She says, I don't want anyone to treat you like a cripple. I've fallen down before, and Molly will say, get up and just go.''' ,'''You can be diagnosed and treated early. And there is hope for the future.''' ,'''I think eventually they're going to find out that MS is like 10 different things. I have a neurological disease something like MS, and it's MS, so let's take medicine for it.''' ,'''Being sensitive to the problem of women is just another symptom of the quality of movies: I don't think you can do anything that's very sensitive. Everything's sort of broad strokes and big gestures - adventure things that boys, guys want to see.''' ,'''Everyone I tell that I had an aneurysm always says, 'Oh, my cousin died from that.' Well, I didn't, so I'm amazed. I was in a wheelchair, and I had to go to rehab. And now I'm walking!''' ,'''When you hear the word 'disabled,' people immediately think about people who can't walk or talk or do everything that people take for granted. Now, I take nothing for granted. But I find the real disability is people who can't find joy in life and are bitter.''' ,'''What is the difference between an actress over 50 and an actress with a disability? Nothing. They both can't find work.''' ,'''In addition to having a good partnership with a good doctor, you have to do some of the work yourself. Go online, read about it, and find out what you can tolerate.''' ,'''With this disease it is so easy to throw in the towel, and that is the worst thing we can do.''' ,'''I don't want to sound hoity-toity, but people told me I should watch 'Cheers' because it's very funny. So I watched it, and I just went, 'This is the great show of the universe?' To me, acting is making characters believable, not just doing jokes.''' ,'''This new movie, 'Full Moon in Blue Water,' I loved the idea of working with Gene Hackman, who is a great actor, but when I read the script, I threw it right into the trash can, because I didn't like this woman. She was just a doormat.''' ,'''How come women are treated differently from men all the time? Not only handicapped people, but women - and handicapped women, forget it!''' ,'''I don't let Molly watch much television. The only stations I let her watch are PBS and the Disney Channel. The cartoons on the other stations are too violent and filled with obnoxious commercials.''' ,'''I'd like to play something classical. I'm in the Strindberg society, and we do readings of Strindberg plays. I'd love to do Nora in 'A Doll's House.' And Chekhov. I have been working back to back on what I call 'regular jobs,' so it's hard to do plays.''' ,'''Speed bumps, I was thinking, you know, you're driving along, everything's OK, and then there's a speed bump to go, 'Slow down.' Go over it real slowly, and you hit the pedal, and you keep going, and I just thought it was kind of a nice metaphor for life.''' ,'''Being a successful Hollywood actress may be challenging, but little did I know that the very body that had always been my calling card would betray me.''' ,'''I refused David Letterman's proposal of marriage for obvious reasons, but thanks for asking.''' ,'''I talked once with Harrison Ford about Wright's houses and how impressive they are.''' ,'''I feel very badly about anybody that's sick and in a wheelchair or not doing well. But you know, you have to go, 'Life is a poker game, and we're going to play our cards somehow.'''' ,'''I think it's critical, a sense of humor. It did help me - it does help me, continuously.''' ,'''I have heard all kinds of stories about telling employers about MS and I really don't know what the answer is. I am a private person, but I have found support by talking to fellow MSrs in the community.''' ,'''People aren't so interested in seeing movies about women's problems.''' ,'''What's happening to me is I'm still happy and functioning, being able to listen to music, see good movies, read good books. What else is there that I can't, you know, I mean, I'm OK.''' ,'''Take a step back, evaluate what is important, and enjoy life.''' ,''''30 Rock' is one of the best things on TV, I think.''' ,'''I thought, 'If I can't be prom queen, I can dance 'Les Sylphide.'''' ,'''When one woman found out I had multiple sclerosis, she said to me, 'My heart bleeds for you.' I said to her, 'Well, my heart bleeds for you, because you're an idiot.'''' ,'''The Academy not only knew I existed, they thought I was good!''' ,'''I take one of the interferon therapies, Rebif.''' ,'''I do Pilates a lot. I don't do a lot of cardiovascular stuff.''' ,'''I go to Yosemite a lot. To get there, you fly from L.A. to Fresno and rent a car. So I know about Fresno. It looks like the entire city was built in 1946 in three months - all these low California ranch style homes. The whole city looks like that.''' ,'''There are things that you can do today that, years ago, there was nothing. The community today needs to know that with MRI and the current medications the view is good.''' ,'''Win or lose, star or not, you wait for your car with everyone else, and waiting for your car is a drag.''' ,'''If I counted them all up, I was a dancer in sixty movies!''' ,'''I've always been this insane. Isn't that interesting?''' ,'''If you get a diagnosis, get on a therapy, keep a good attitude and keep your sense of humor.''' ,'''My mother was a role model.''' ,'''I started out in the 1970s doing the Wife, the Bimbo, and the Ditz, and if I somehow get a serious role, they all wanna know the same thing: When are you going back to comedy?''' ,]
+++