+++
author = "Kelly Gale"
title = "Kelly Gale Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Kelly Gale Quotes"
keywords = "kelly gale,kelly gale quotes,kelly gale quote,kelly gale sayings,kelly gale saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel like I'm both, half Australian and half Swedish. I've been in Sweden most of my life but my dad's Australian. I eat Vegemite on my toast and all of that.''' ,'''I work out six days per week all year round and usually work out two hours per day, and on top of that, I like power walking 15 to 30 kilometres each day.''' ,'''I grew up in Gothenburg, Sweden. I also lived in Ghana for four years and in Australia for one year. My dad was working abroad so we traveled with him. My mom is Indian and was adopted in Sweden.''' ,'''Fitness has been a part of all my life since I was a young child. I started dancing ballet and doing yoga when I was three, before stopping ballet at five to start playing soccer and tennis instead. That lasted until my early teens.''' ,'''I was discovered when I was 13 by an agent. I was standing outside a coffee shop in Gothenburg, my hometown, when I was approached.''' ,'''One of the best things about summer is that it's the only time of year I don't have crazy amounts of studying to do. I can relax with books I actually enjoy!''' ,'''I played soccer when I was younger so I thought I was going to be a soccer player for a long time. But then when I started modelling I finished up with soccer because it was too much.''' ,'''I'm not in to the whole online dating-thing as a whole, so I'd swipe left on Tinder itself.''' ,'''I like to mix it up, so sometimes I train with my personal trainer, sometimes I take classes because I feel like my body gets very used to it if I just do the same thing all the time.''' ,'''I absolutely love going to hot yoga in the winter. It feels amazing when you walk there in the cold, and then get into this peaceful, heated room to meditate and stretch.''' ,'''I have a green juice in the morning - a big one - with kale, spinach, celery, cucumber, two lemons and lots of ginger.''' ,'''My all-time favorite would have to be 'Friends'. I've loved that show since I was 12 years old! Whenever I'm in a bad mood, I put on an episode and listen to it while I do other things like homework or cooking.''' ,'''I was used to being the 'ugly girl' in school. I thought that maybe modeling would make my confidence better.''' ,'''Mental health and physical health are one in the same for me - they go hand in hand. If you aren't physically healthy, you won't be mentally healthy either - and vice versa. The mind and body is connected and when one is off, the other suffers as well.''' ,'''Cooking healthy, nutritious and delicious meals is one of my biggest passions so eating 'healthy' for me isn't 'eating healthy', it's just eating.''' ,'''I make sure to eat 30 grams of raw dark chocolate almost every day - it's one of the best snacks that's both delicious and guilt-free.''' ,'''I always judge a guy by the way they treat a waiter. If he is not nice to the service staff, he is obviously not a nice person, no matter how he treats me at first.''' ,'''I spoil myself by getting massages several times every week, and it feels especially good after an intense workout.''' ,'''I do a bit of makeup, but in the summer, I don't tend to wear anything. When I get tan, I feel like my skin is so fresh that I don't need anything on it.''' ,'''I've never actually known anything other than nutritious foods. I've grown up with a mother who is a doctor, dentist and cancer researcher who also happens to be an amazing cook.''' ,'''I always take a trip someplace warm, and the Caribbean is my favorite place to travel for some sun.''' ,'''My mom and dad bought me colorful fruit-patterned dresses from Kenzo when I was really young. I wanted to wear them all year round, even in the snow!''' ,'''When I'm in beautiful places like Madagascar or Brazil, I think about how I would love to share the experience with friends and family.''' ,'''My skin gets really dry in the cold, so to keep it soft and hydrated, I spread avocado oil all over my body every day after I shower.''' ,'''When I'm traveling, I always bring a big variety of healthy snacks and superfoods - usually opting for vegetables and fish or seafood when ordering food or on set.''' ,'''I'll do like a more intense workout in the morning and then for lunch I have lean proteins, like all the seafood I want and white fish, turkey and lots of veggies.''' ,'''The weird thing was that while the bullying was happening, I thought I was doing something wrong, that I was the bad person. Now I understand it wasn't like that at all.''' ,'''My go-to drink in the winter to fight colds and flus is about 3.4 ounces of water mixed with 2 tablespoons of apple cider vinegar, lots of cayenne pepper and cinnamon, one lemon, and 1 teaspoon of raw honey.''' ,'''I think Swedes and Australians dress pretty much the same. It's like a casual laid-back style but still chic. I really like it, it suits me perfectly.''' ,'''I think it's safe to say I love cooking as much as I love sports. I love creating new dishes and just experimenting in the kitchen, but I never compromise on taste.''' ,'''I love my massages super strong and my chocolate super dark.''' ,]
+++