+++
author = "Arbaaz Khan"
title = "Arbaaz Khan Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Arbaaz Khan Quotes"
keywords = "arbaaz khan,arbaaz khan quotes,arbaaz khan quote,arbaaz khan sayings,arbaaz khan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Doing funny roles is something I enjoy as I am like that in my personal life.''' ,'''I know 'Dabangg' has some pre-requisites. Every film has some requisites that you have to fulfill. I sat down with my writer and discussed what as an audience I want to see in the second part of the film. We worked towards that and we hope what we thought connects with the audience.''' ,'''If I want to say anything about my life, I will say it when the time comes, be it about marriage or whatever.''' ,'''I have no time to think about a second marriage at all.''' ,'''Everyone knows we are thick as thieves. We're very close and we respect each other. Of course, Salman has achieved far more, and we're really happy with that. As long as we keep doing whatever we like, it doesn't bother us.''' ,'''Dabangg' symbolises entertainment, drama, good music, actions and we have tried to give doses of all of that in the sequel too.''' ,'''As for action, yes 'Wanted' was a success in the action genre. But not to the extent of 'Dabangg.'''' ,'''There are only advantages of being Salim Khan's son, Salman Khan's brother and coming from a known family.''' ,'''I know for sure my son will grow up one day to say I was a great dad.''' ,'''As a director, you realise the bigger picture.''' ,'''When a movie is made, you toy with many ideas, and a prequel to 'Dabangg' is one of them.''' ,'''I am looking forward to work on digital platforms more often than not.''' ,'''I may be a bit innocent but I don't think I am that dumb.''' ,'''No one is going to keep giving me work because I am Salman Khan's brother. People may give me one or two films because of Salman but no one can make my career. I have to work towards it.''' ,'''Salman doesn't even know half the time what I'm working on. Sometimes, he only gets to know about a film of mine when the release date is close. We don't sit down and discuss our professional lives with each other.''' ,'''My family doesn't interfere in my professional decisions at all.''' ,'''I love to go on long drives while listening to emotional, peppy and foot taping numbers, depending on my mood. I have a wonderful sound system.''' ,'''I believe in giving actors the freedom to express themselves, and adding more to whatever is written.''' ,'''I don't see myself turning into a romantic hero. I may not be comfortable doing that. I may not be cut out to do that. It may not even suit my image.''' ,'''To be frank, my career as an actor was not even taking care of my lifestyle. Doing two odd films a year wasn't making me financially secure.''' ,'''I'm a practical actor and work keeps me occupied. It takes care of my bills, so there are many reasons for which I work.''' ,'''When you are living alone then you tend to take life casually.''' ,'''I am as sensitive as my brothers and other members of my family.''' ,'''I will direct films be it my own productions or outside. It's not like I am here only to direct Salman.''' ,'''Characterisation is more important to me than the script. A decent story and extraordinary characters can do wonders for a film, but you cannot do it the other way around.''' ,'''People tend to typecast you in a certain way, depending on the kind of work you have been doing till then.''' ,'''I won an award for my debut film. However, my career went up and down after that but I kept getting work. I did whatever excited me and did not think which role or film will change my career.''' ,'''My family, we siblings are there for each other.''' ,'''In Bollywood, birthday celebrations are usual and very carefree.''' ,'''I know there are insecurities in being an actor. There are certain compromises you need to make, but they are all worth it.''' ,'''I want to be amongst the top 10, if not top five filmmakers. Though I don't think I'd stand even in the list of top 30 actors.''' ,'''Possessing best musical equipment has always been my craze.''' ,'''A sequel is going to be a pressure no matter who directs it. A sequel is only made when the original film works.''' ,'''I have no problem with trolls or negative comments.''' ,'''Our father has taught us that 'if you are together, nobody will try to break you.' That's unity and it has power.''' ,'''I am content, ambitious and equally know the need to switch off from work. My world is big enough to go beyond movies too.''' ,'''I think the audience will be pleasantly surprised to see what I have attempted with 'Dolly Ki Doli.' I am confident that this movie will be accepted.''' ,'''Actors who are not accepted are the ones who have to put in the extra effort to get somewhere in their careers. But once you achieve that, everything becomes easier.''' ,'''I'm a recognisable actor, but I'm not a bankable actor.''' ,'''I like it when actors offer something new with their performances, and elevate the scene. I don't restrict an actor.''' ,'''Every industry has got its distinct identity. The Malayalam film industry is right up there with some of the greatest content, artistes and technicians.''' ,'''Dolly Ki Doli' excited me because it has unique characters. Though it is a smaller film and without a big star, it is still a mainstream film.''' ,'''I don't think too far ahead.''' ,'''Sometimes, waiting for too long for the right film may fall flat.''' ,'''There are people who do not get to act after two films. I have been in the industry for over two decades.''' ,'''I made my acting debut in 1996.''' ,'''For me, acting is something I am passionate about. I am someone who wants to be known for who I am. If I wanted to just make money, I would've chosen some other profession.''' ,'''I have to make myself available for work. If I'm going to sit around only for great roles, I won't get the right one.''' ,'''If you are going to be dogged with doubts you shouldn't be making movies.''' ,'''I have made my mark as an actor and I have also established myself as a producer with a franchise like 'Dabangg.'''' ,'''If 'Dabangg' starts looking like the 'Golmaal' or 'Dhoom' franchises, then people wouldn't be able to connect with it.''' ,'''Before marriage people want everyone to look at their girlfriends. But after marriage they want to keep their wives locked way.''' ,'''No one has the right to harass anyone. I fully support the #MeToo movement.''' ,'''Fatherhood has gone and done much more than marriage. It has made me a far more responsible person.''' ,'''A new couple does a lot of things for each other. And slowly they lose interest and it affects the relationship. It is a part of life and a lot of people experience this.''' ,'''Web is going to become very big... The format is different in terms of its storytelling pattern and its duration. Web audience enjoys watching stuff on the go, they prefer to watch it alone. It is isolated viewing while cinema is collective viewing.''' ,'''A hero can get a positive response with a few flaws in him.''' ,'''I began as an assistant director to Mahesh Bhatt sahab on films like 'Zulm,' 'Kabza' and 'Aawargi' during the '80s. Then I got an opportunity to act and I took it up thinking direction was something which I could always pursue later.''' ,'''Salman has his own personal equation. I have my own personal equation. We are sometimes not even a part of each other's celebration or happiness. But we are definitely there when somebody is down.''' ,'''I'm quite comfortable being the husband of a woman who's a big celebrity. And of course a superstar's brother. It's not an enviable place to occupy but it's the reality. I'm very closely related to two very successful people and I accept that happily.''' ,'''I chose not to react to everyone's opinion.''' ,'''But, perfection is something that is a constant thing you need to achieve. It is not that you have achieved it and it's gonna stay. It's everyday hardwork.''' ,'''People should mind their own business. This particularly applies to those who are inquisitive, and those who jump to conclusions.''' ,'''Of course I would recommend marriage to others. Times are changing, even in the past people had kids without getting married but marriage gives stability to your family and people around you. It's a working institution and it can fail in certain situations.''' ,'''I am very friendly and affable.''' ,'''I think some people have gotten used to the paparazzi culture and they know they cannot avoid it. If you ask me, some people like it, but I have a different opinion.''' ,'''Generally, the biopics are made on the personalities about whom much is not known. But if someone who is already popular and everyone knows about his life then I don't see a point in making a biopic on his life unless you are telling something new about that person.''' ,'''I have a dormant director in me. I do think about subjects and films I want to make. I get pretty excited about them.''' ,'''It's a myth that you'll know the box office result of any film. I don't think anybody can predict a film's fate accurately, otherwise nobody would make unsuccessful or flop films.''' ,'''When you achieve something or someone, you don't want to lose the person. I love Malaika but I'm possessive about her.''' ,'''Sometimes, there is a long gap between the time the script was written and when it went on the floors. Being on the sets can be refreshing, as you can revive the script in some ways.''' ,'''There is no need to do a rush job on any film.''' ,'''Due to my serious kind of roles, people - apart from my close friends and family - did not know the real me.''' ,'''I am fine if videos and pictures are clicked when there are legit events and interviews. If I am sitting and having a private dinner with my son, my family or my girlfriend, then I do not want it to be filmed.''' ,'''Unlike many others, I anyway don't post much from my personal life on social media; it's mostly work related. And when I post something, I'm aware that not everyone would have nice things to say; I'm fine with it.''' ,'''I spoke to my father about making a documentary on him. I have been seriously contemplating that.''' ,'''I think with time you don't have an option but to listen to your wife.''' ,'''I don't want everyone to know when I go out with my son or my girlfriend for lunch or dinner.''' ,'''I like to read. I like to spend time on the Net. I like to watch movies.''' ,'''I started my production house with the idea of directing one day.''' ,'''We have lived together for more than 18 years. Malaika is like family to us even after separation. We have a son together. We are responsible for him.''' ,'''To be finally recognised for my work is a feeling I can't describe.''' ,'''I had taken a bit of a sabbatical because I was producing and directing films. But acting has always been my passion and it is something that I will continue to do.''' ,'''The audiences everywhere feel the same emotions. That's why when movies do well in an industry, they become popular all over.''' ,'''I have a lot of friends, and it's not necessary that if I go out for lunch or dinner with someone, they have to be my girlfriend; or that I'm committed to them.''' ,'''Ultimately, we stars are human being at the end of the day. We also have bad habits, weaknesses, we also make mistakes.''' ,'''There will always be a sense of things you want to achieve, where you want to be, a sense of disappointment, a few regrets here and there. Those are always going to linger. How you cope with them and how you move on is what your life is about.''' ,'''Music for me is about relaxing.''' ,'''I am pretty well versed in the knowledge of music.''' ,'''Being sensitive means caring for your own feelings as well as those of others.''' ,'''You ask anyone in college, how would you like your wife or girlfriend to be? No one wants the ugliest girl in the world who no one wants to look at. Out of 100 people, all 100 will say that I want the most beautiful woman in the world.''' ,'''Sometimes, the money is exciting. You want to buy a house, or a car, and then you jump into it. So, there are a lot of things that come into consideration, and that's fair enough. There may or may not solely be one reason why you do films.''' ,'''Honestly, I always had the silent ambition of being a director.''' ,'''I may or may not have disappointed Malaika as a boyfriend and a husband, but not as the father of her child.''' ,'''I don't believe I did anything earth shattering as an actor.''' ,'''Though I may not have left a huge mark, I did create some ripples. People would recollect there was an actor called Arbaaz Khan.''' ,'''You just can't put a '3' after the title of the film. If you have a franchise that has worked, it does not mean that you can go on making it.''' ,'''There is no point in appearing in just a few episodes. If I do a show on television, it won't be for a few episodes only.''' ,'''I'm not the kind of guy who gets defensive after something goes wrong.''' ,'''Dabangg' is an actor-driven franchise.''' ,]
+++