+++
author = "Oliver Sim"
title = "Oliver Sim Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Oliver Sim Quotes"
keywords = "oliver sim,oliver sim quotes,oliver sim quote,oliver sim sayings,oliver sim saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's a lot easier to play in front of quite a lot of strangers than a couple of your friends just because when it's someone that really knows you, it's much more scary.''' ,'''I don't think it's good for people to know too much about you. With my favourite bands, I don't want to have the inside track on every single aspect of their personal lives.''' ,'''I've never felt any huge intrusions into my personal life.''' ,'''I can't even imagine how it must be to be a solo artist playing with session musicians.''' ,'''The day that you walk out in front of 30,000 people and don't get nervous is probably the day to give it up. It's inspiring to be a little terrified.''' ,'''Romy and I, we're learning how to share the xx with people who aren't in the xx.''' ,'''When you write songs for your best friends and maybe two other people to hear, and then realize that a million other people are going to hear them, it can be a bit worrying. You get concerned about what you might reveal.''' ,'''In the studio, there's no tiptoeing. As opposed to big, blow-out arguments, there are just lots of little solutions.''' ,''''Coexist' was tough to make.''' ,'''I can see myself always writing songs - but I'm not sure if I'll always want to perform.''' ,'''Music is something I can't stop. Whether people are going to hear it or not, I'm still going to make music.''' ,'''Normally, I don't like explaining songs. I don't want to kill anyone's interpretation or the story they want to make for themselves.''' ,'''In our school, there were lots of bands putting up posters saying 'Come to our gigs'.''' ,'''I feel more confident and like I have more to say. I feel like I'm working more than ever, not just from fantasy, but actual experience. I'm an adult now - I actually have experience.''' ,'''I was living with my dad, and I loved it. But I could totally imagine that if I didn't move out quickly, I would end up staying there well into my 30s.''' ,'''I don't find touring very creative. There's not much time to yourself with your instruments.''' ,'''Beyonce is very special. I think the super-pop thing that supposedly died with Michael Jackson is still there with her.''' ,'''The xx do not condone guns!''' ,'''Not to flatter myself, but I know that you can influence people's opinion as a musician, and I don't want to.''' ,'''I was just making music in my bedroom. I never wanted to be onstage.''' ,'''I don't know what I was expecting or what I was dreaming about the xx accomplishing.''' ,'''My own personal goal is I just hope to still write songs and kind of let that sustain me as a job. If I could never have a 9-to-5 job, and making a living doing this, it'd just be incredible.''' ,'''I believe with a lot of support shows, people are very much there to see the headliner. You don't necessarily have their full attention, and some of what we do requires a lot of silence.''' ,'''As cliched as it sounds, I'm taking every day as it comes.''' ,'''You see bands putting ads in the paper: 'drummer wanted'. I could never be in a set-up like that.''' ,'''I enjoy not knowing everything about a musician I like. At a time when you can find out a popstar's favourite animal, I think it's more exciting not to know. I just don't want to tell everyone everything.''' ,'''The darkness of clubs makes me feel much more secure, and you can hide behind smoke and lights.''' ,'''When I finished school, I didn't continue to go to university, because I decided I wanted to do music.''' ,'''I remember reading an interview with Adele, where she said that touring was the loneliest thing in the world. All of her band are hired, so, really, it's just her. I can't imagine what that must be like.''' ,'''My writing has changed a lot. From 16 to 19, I've changed a lot. My kind of writing in the beginning was very observational; now it's grown very personal for me. I use it as a diary in many ways.''' ,'''To perform in front of a room full of people you go to school with would be terrifying. I couldn't do it now.''' ,]
+++