+++
author = "Meg Ryan"
title = "Meg Ryan Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Meg Ryan Quotes"
keywords = "meg ryan,meg ryan quotes,meg ryan quote,meg ryan sayings,meg ryan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What brings people down is the same thing over and over.''' ,'''I have a very good life, so I have nothing to complain about. Sometimes, I just have existential angst.''' ,'''Motherhood changed me because it is so fundamental what you're doing for another person. And you are able to do even though it takes a lot.''' ,'''Clearly romantic comedy is my franchise genre, I don't mind saying that, it's true. I love doing them and hopefully always will do them.''' ,'''And the insidious thing is that people will either see a movie because it did well last weekend or won't see it because it didn't do well.''' ,'''It would be really great if people would realize that stars are only people with the same weaknesses and flaws, not immaculate idols.''' ,'''Acting is what I do. It's not what I solely define myself as.''' ,'''I've been in this business for years and I'm still befuddled by the ways of this town.''' ,'''I wouldn't have thought of myself as a person who could guide anybody and then it turned out that I can.''' ,'''When I wear high heels I have a great vocabulary and I speak in paragraphs. I'm more eloquent. I plan to wear them more often.''' ,'''I'm a sucker for a funny script. And then, as soon as I don't wanna be, one comes along and grabs me.''' ,'''I think there's an ongoing effort involved in trying to get a bigger perspective, trying to let go of things that limit your capacity to love and be loved or your capacity to hear and to really speak.''' ,'''I don't think we realise just how fast we go until you stop for a minute and realise just how loud and how hectic your life is, and how easily distracted you can get.''' ,'''A l lot of films I've done are essentially about women who are finding their voice, women who don't know themselves well.''' ,'''The best thing about modern living is anaesthesia.''' ,'''Neither of us, me nor Dennis, is cavalier about a breakup. We both behaved very honorably.''' ,'''I don't think I'll ever be a producer who's into taking the meetings and fighting the big fights with studios. I really don't like that part. I'm much more interested in the material.''' ,'''My family responsibilities don't conflict with my career. Not at all.''' ,'''I don't feel particularly typecast because I think I do so many different kinds of things. Whether they're seen or not is another issue.''' ,'''And who cares, five years down the road, what most movies made or didn't make? If it's good, it stands up.''' ,'''I heard that chivalry was dead, but I think it's just got a bad flue.''' ,'''People are always telling me that change is good. But all that means is that something you didn't want to happen has happened.''' ,'''It was not a healthy marriage for long time. It was never about another man, it was about what my and Dennis's relationship could not sustain.''' ,]
+++