+++
author = "Loni Anderson"
title = "Loni Anderson Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Loni Anderson Quotes"
keywords = "loni anderson,loni anderson quotes,loni anderson quote,loni anderson sayings,loni anderson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have an education degree from the University of Minnesota, and I was a teacher for about a minute.''' ,'''My mom started smoking when she was 11. She went to the hill next door to try her first cigarette. She set the entire hill on fire, but it didn't deter her.''' ,'''Almost every person over 45, and definitely those who have ever smoked, should have a spirometry test.''' ,'''I am the odd man out in the family.''' ,'''We have so much lung capacity that we don't even notice a problem until we are in our 40s.''' ,'''It's amazing to me that young people will still pick up a cigarette.''' ,'''There is no cure for emphysema, but you can start treating it and have a better quality of life.''' ,'''I've been working with the National Lung Health Education Program to raise awareness about Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.''' ,'''The theater is where I belonged; I simply wanted to be an actress my whole life.''' ,'''In the movies, Bette Davis lights two cigarettes and hands the second one to James Cagney. It was just so glamorous and romantic.''' ,'''My dad had emphysema and both of my parents had chronic bronchitis and ended up with cancers - all smoking related.''' ,'''I'd had my daughter when I was a teenager - I took my daughter to college with me.''' ,'''My sister and I are both diagnosed with second-hand smoke syndromes. We have never smoked, but we grew up with second-hand smoke our entire lives.''' ,'''Three cigarettes in, your body already craves it. It is that addictive.''' ,'''Impotence is one of the major hazards of cigarette smoking.''' ,'''I talk about acting to students making the transition from high school to UCLA. Kids going into this profession really need to know the reality of it.''' ,'''Young people think that nothing bad will ever happen to them.''' ,'''They almost ran me off the road several times. There are so many chances that they take to get the right photo.''' ,'''If somebody invented cigarettes today, the government would not legalize them.''' ,'''I started acting when I was 10, doing musical theater. I was a brunette at that time. I was always cast in all the exotic parts.''' ,'''My daughter teases me once in a while saying, Remember when you used to be my mother and you had black hair?''' ,'''I've always been very involved in anything that had to do with lung disease or cancer.''' ,'''As a brunette, I had previously been this serious actress. Then I became a blonde and got to play a completely different, comic role.''' ,'''You're always better off if you quit smoking; it's never too late.''' ,'''I do know the Spelling family. I worked for Aaron Spelling when I was a brunette. I've known them since Tori was a little girl.''' ,'''Your lungs are changed forever from your first cigarette.''' ,'''My grandmother was a teacher, my sister was a teacher, my daughter was a teacher and is now a superintendent in northern California, and my son-in-law is a high school principal. I am surrounded.''' ,'''You're rejected 10 to 20 times for every part you are going to get.''' ,'''Look up the definition of rejection in the dictionary, get really comfortable with it, and then maybe you can go into acting.''' ,'''When women smoke, it is hard for them to quit because they are so worried about their weight; it's a vanity issue and a mindset.''' ,'''Smoking is related to practically every terrible thing that can happen to you.''' ,'''There's nothing glamorous about being dead.''' ,'''My memory of my mom is a wine glass in one hand and a cigarette in the other. She was a runway fashion model, and she was quite a glamorous woman.''' ,'''Look at any black-and-white movie; everybody is smoking.''' ,]
+++