+++
author = "Andrea Pirlo"
title = "Andrea Pirlo Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Andrea Pirlo Quotes"
keywords = "andrea pirlo,andrea pirlo quotes,andrea pirlo quote,andrea pirlo sayings,andrea pirlo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Ancelotti moved me to a new position and helped me raise my game.''' ,'''I want to win.''' ,'''When you start to achieve success, you want to get more.''' ,'''In football, like in life, there are always millimetres which can change things - the course of a goal or of a life.''' ,'''In order to go all the way, you need everyone's contribution.''' ,'''Right from the moment I arrived at Juve, I could immediately sense the club's will to win, the determination to go as far as possible as quickly as possible.''' ,'''It would actually be a dream way to end my time in Turin, by winning the Champions League.''' ,'''I never compete to take part but to finish first.''' ,'''Surely it was the best decision of my career to sign for Juventus.''' ,'''Being a philosopher is to think, seek wisdom, and have principles that guide and influence what you do. It's to give meaning to things, find your way in the world, believe that in the end, in every instance, good will overcome evil, even if there's a bit of suffering along the way.''' ,'''Before every match, I eat pasta with tomato and chicken breast a few hours beforehand. In the hottest months, I choose to drink an energy drink before the match, too, but normally, I drink just water.''' ,'''I love the food scene in New York.''' ,'''Just being able to go out to dinner at the trendiest restaurants - in Italy, I can't do that.''' ,'''I want to help the MLS grow and play well.''' ,'''I played with Baggio when I was young. I grew up with his myth, and to actually play with him was like being in a dream. I tried to hang out with him, to study how he played and to learn from him.''' ,'''Top European clubs are always progressing with what they can do off the field. Training is getting more scientific, and we are constantly getting more educated on nutrition.''' ,'''After the wheel, the PlayStation is the best invention of all time.''' ,'''I've never told anyone, but my ambition is to become the leading all-time scorer of free kicks in Serie A.''' ,'''I've always been able to play for the love of the sport.''' ,'''As the years go by, you have to realise when it is the right time to do something different.''' ,'''I'd have signed for Real in a heartbeat. They're a club with more glamour than Milan; more prospects, more appeal, more everything. They strike fear in their opponents, whoever they happen to be.''' ,'''To get onto the Maracana pitch is the dream of every child.''' ,'''When someone decides to come to the U.S., he knows what he's getting into.''' ,'''Not to feel important, be important - that's the most important thing.''' ,'''One of the biggest misconceptions is that players care about transfer fees. For a player, they do not care at all. They do not care if they move clubs for one million, 10 million, or 100 million Euros. That is just something a player leaves to his agent and the clubs.''' ,'''I always play to win. I always have big targets in mind.''' ,'''I'd have considered myself fortunate to be coached by Guardiola because he really puts his stamp on teams. He builds them, moulds them, guides them, berates them, nurtures them. He makes them great. He takes them to a higher level; a place beyond mere football.''' ,'''There are many talented midfielders but not the kind of playmaker I am.''' ,'''I came to New York City as a player, so my objective is to take the team as high as possible, preferably to victory. If that helps Major League Soccer grow, then that's welcome, too, but I was signed as a New York City FC player and to do what's best for the team.''' ,'''I never had any doubts. I wanted MLS. I'd followed it on TV, and I liked it. And being able to play in New York did the rest. I don't know if I would have accepted an offer from any other city.''' ,'''I'm not one that cares for publicity.''' ,'''The secret for someone in my position is to keep it simple. Keep possession and keep the ball moving quickly so that you tire out your opponents; that's my method.''' ,'''On the first training session Pogba had with Juventus, the players were laughing. We were not laughing for any other reason than we were just in total disbelief that this player with so much obvious ability was able to leave the club the size of Manchester United for free - and I think Juventus are still laughing.''' ,'''I don't feel pressure.''' ,'''Being part of a team that belongs to everyone makes me feel good and at peace with myself.''' ,'''If you look after yourself and are willing to adapt - there is no reason why you can't play at the top level until your late 30s.''' ,'''People compare me to Verratti, and I do really like him, but we have very different playing styles.''' ,'''Thanks to Conte, I got the urge of coaching, and I thank him for that.''' ,'''There are so many different factors - luck, being in good shape when it matters, the draw. For these reasons, it's hard to win a European Cup.''' ,'''I think MLS is as important as any of the national leagues.''' ,'''When I take my free-kicks, I think in Portuguese, and at most, I'll do the celebrating in my native tongue.''' ,'''I think if somebody knows how to play the game, he or she can play anywhere. You know how to fit in.''' ,'''I'm Italian, but I'm also a little Brazilian: Pirlonho, if you like.''' ,'''It's clear that anyone who plays in Belgium or another league with less quality still has a chance of making the Champions League or the Europa League.''' ,'''Messi is the best player in the world; he is amazing.''' ,'''I've never needed to play for money. I play because I love football.''' ,'''First objective is always that of winning.''' ,'''One part of my job I'll never learn to love is the pre-match warm-up. I hate it with every fibre of my being. It actually disgusts me.''' ,'''Messi is always compared to Maradona, but he needs to win the World Cup because if you don't win the World Cup, you can't be up there with the very best.''' ,'''Until I was 30 years old, my body was used to my routine of eating pasta every single day.''' ,'''When you're rivals, you can never be friends.''' ,'''To be useful in defence, to win back the ball, you don't always have to go sliding into the tackle. It's also about your positioning; sometimes all you have to do is take a step back.''' ,'''As a player, you get to the stage where you realise that you are not 25 anymore - and can't play the way you used to. The intelligent players adapt - and Steven Gerrard has the ability to do that. He is an excellent passer of the ball, possesses an intelligent football brain, and has great vision.''' ,'''My passion is always the same. In fact, with a new adventure, the passion always grows.''' ,'''Yes, many times an assist is more difficult than a goal; you need to find the right space and measure the force used in order to provide your teammate with the right position in order to score.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I'd take a small foam ball and try to get my shot over the couch so it would finish in the corner of the window.''' ,'''My favourite England player is Harry Kane.''' ,'''Swearing's my release. It's the one weapon I have to defend myself against destiny when it elects to strike without pity.''' ,'''You can be lucky for a few years, but in the end, your defects will emerge. The reality is different. People are watching you, and those who know how to play will progress, while those who don't will remain in the lower levels.''' ,'''When there is a solid base of Italian players, those who come in take their example, and then everyone is working in the same direction.''' ,'''I've always been used to playing 60 games - one every three days - and I've played on artificial turf. There is artificial turf in Europe as well in some places. There is heat as well. And if it's hot for me at 110 degrees Fahrenheit, it's hot for the others as well.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a wandering gypsy on the pitch.''' ,'''I want to be successful in playing the game. I'm going to do my best to help myself and my teammates play in the best possible way and reach successful results.''' ,'''Scoring from a dead-ball brings me massive satisfaction. It sets me up as an example for other players to follow, copy, and perhaps even emulate over the course of time. For them, I'm a Juninho Pernambucano 2.0, a Brazilian with a Brescia accent.''' ,'''When great teams meet, there is never a problem with concentration.''' ,'''You give any team Pogba and Zlatan in one window, and they are capable of special things.''' ,'''Real Madrid? Any player would like to play for them.''' ,'''I have always said that it is fundamental to have a strong core of Italian players in a club squad. At AC Milan, we had that and we won. The same at Juventus.''' ,'''Pogba has never stopped improving. He has everything to become a great player. If he keeps his head on his shoulders, he can make history.''' ,'''I stick to a Mediterranean diet with fresh produce and olive oil. On a normal day, my diet is divided into the three main meals. I don't eat any other snack between meals during the day.''' ,'''I used to watch Juninho's free-kicks without being able to figure out how he hit them. I tried and tried until, eventually, I came up with my own way to strike them.''' ,'''Better to leave before someone else has the idea of sending you away.''' ,'''If I look in the mirror when I get up or before going to bed at night, I see a man of average ugliness with stubble, an unruly mane of hair, a squint nose, slightly protruding ears, and bags under my eyes. But I also see a man who's completely happy with the figure staring back at him.''' ,'''People who don't know me think I'm so serious. I'm a prankster; I like to have fun with the people who know me better.''' ,'''Madrid is Madrid. There's nothing more to say. It's the biggest team in the world.''' ,'''For many years, Messi and Ronaldo will be the two best. After them, there is Xavi, Andres Iniesta, and others. I hope to be in the top ten.''' ,'''When I do retire, I am going to go back to Italy.''' ,'''I like English football a lot.''' ,'''The Ballon d'Or has never been something that I've missed.''' ,'''Sometimes a pinch of sadism is the ingredient that makes victory taste that little bit sweeter.''' ,'''As a player, you just want to be at a club where you can achieve everything you want to.''' ,'''It's the best thing that can happen to a player. Being able to play at the World Cup is already the best, but then to raise the trophy to the sky is a dream.''' ,'''All I'm after is a few square metres to be myself. A space where I can continue to profess my creed: take the ball, give it to a team-mate, my team-mate scores. It's called an assist, and it's my way of spreading happiness.''' ,'''Since I was a child, I watched tapes of Baggio, Zico, and Maradona, and then I tried to replicate them just playing on my own against the wall. Certainly it's talent, but you have to cultivate that talent.''' ,'''I don't like going on TV programmes.''' ,'''I spent the afternoon of Sunday 9 July, 2006 in Berlin sleeping and playing the PlayStation. In the evening, I went out and won the World Cup.''' ,'''It's not easy to win the Champions League.''' ,'''I played with many champions, but the important thing is always the team, as the group goes beyond any single player.''' ,'''When you no longer feel part of the game, then you have to think about doing something else.''' ,'''Each free kick carries my name, and all are my children. And they have South American roots.''' ,'''All my ex-teammates didn't want to become coaches, yet they've all done it.''' ,'''I was lucky enough to play for the top three Italian clubs during the golden era of Italian football, so I have no regrets.''' ,'''I still have a thorn in my side at not having played for Real Madrid or Barcelona, because playing there is a dream for every player. But I consider myself very satisfied to have played for the best teams in Italy.''' ,'''There were times we were kept in our dressing room until late at night because it wasn't safe to go home. Our bus would get attacked, the tires slit.''' ,'''I think that soccer is one thing, and money is another thing.''' ,'''I've learned lots, obviously - the first thing being never to forget to be grateful. The second is not to bear grudges, because in football, luck does not exist.''' ,'''I do not have a Facebook page, and I do not chat on Twitter. I don't have a web site, even if there are people who have opened one in my name, complete with my photo.''' ,'''I am extremely lucky - I met Antonio Conte. I had so many coaches to compare him to, and he is the one that surprised me the most.''' ,'''To be honest, I don't see anyone out there who plays the way I do.''' ,'''Do I regret leaving Milan? I decided I needed a change. I needed to find new ideas, and that was the best thing for both parties.''' ,]
+++