+++
author = "Patrick Lencioni"
title = "Patrick Lencioni Quotes"
quotes_len = "88"
description = "the best 88 Patrick Lencioni Quotes"
keywords = "patrick lencioni,patrick lencioni quotes,patrick lencioni quote,patrick lencioni sayings,patrick lencioni saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When leaders throughout an organization take an active, genuine interest in the people they manage, when they invest real time to understand employees at a fundamental level, they create a climate for greater morale, loyalty, and, yes, growth.''' ,'''Are your people uncomfortable during meetings and tired at the end? If not, they're probably not mixing it up enough and getting to the bottom of important issues.''' ,'''Great teams argue. Not in a mean-spirited or personal way, but they disagree when important decisions are made.''' ,'''I know that any group of people can become a team if they do the right things, but I came to realize over time that if you acquire or develop the right kind of people, that process of building a team is going to be much more effective and easier.''' ,'''Success is not a matter of mastering subtle, sophisticated theory but rather of embracing common sense with uncommon levels of discipline and persistence.''' ,'''Smart people tend to know what is happening in a group situation and how to deal with others in the most effective way. They ask good questions, listen to what others are saying, and stay engaged in conversations intently.''' ,'''Some companies simply aren't meant to be bigger than they are. They provide products and services that satisfy their customers in a way that pays the bills, produces reasonable profits, and allows them to keep their people employed and fulfilled. And there's nothing whatsoever wrong with that.''' ,'''Every employee needs to know that there's somebody out there that they serve. And when we don't let people know that for one reason or another, we're depriving them of a fulfilling job.''' ,'''When team members trust each other and know that everyone is capable of admitting when they're wrong, then conflict becomes nothing more than the pursuit of truth or the best possible answer.''' ,'''Whether we're talking about leadership, teamwork, or client service, there is no more powerful attribute than the ability to be genuinely honest about one's weaknesses, mistakes, and needs for help.''' ,'''The majority of meetings should be discussions that lead to decisions.''' ,'''If you have doubt about a person's humility or smarts, don't ignore it. More often than not, there is something causing that doubt.''' ,'''Where there is humility, there is more success, and lasting success.''' ,'''I've seen it again and again in my consulting: Most teams are too large to be innovative, despite their leaders' best intentions.''' ,'''If you don't know what your family stands for and what your life situation is, you're in trouble.''' ,'''Although most executives pay lip service to the idea of hiring for cultural fit, few have the courage or discipline to make it the primary criteria for bringing someone into the company.''' ,'''People who have a sense of peace that their priorities are in the right place also have a sense of humility and a realistic view on life.''' ,'''At the heart of every great movie is conflict. It's the same with a meeting. There should be conflict and tension.''' ,'''Hungry people are always looking for more. More things to do. More to learn. More responsibility to take on.''' ,'''A lot of times, people find themselves in a meeting where the primary purpose is to receive information, and that's a poor use of people's time. Those meetings can be easily dispensed with and can be an email instead that people read in their own time.''' ,'''The problem is too often they are boring, and boring in a meeting happens for the same reason as in a book or movie - when there is not enough compelling tension. Meetings should be intense.''' ,'''Life is full of surprises: new opportunities come up; that's part of the fun - the adventure of life. The thing is, chaos doesn't allow us to enjoy the adventure.''' ,'''The best leaders over the long term are those who have a sound home life.''' ,'''Teamwork is a strategic decision.''' ,'''When employees feel anonymous in the eyes of their managers, they simply cannot love their work, no matter how much money they make or how wonderful their jobs seem to be.''' ,'''I have yet to meet members of a leadership team who I thought lacked the intelligence or the domain expertise required to be successful. I've met many, however, who failed to foster organizational health. Their companies were riddled with politics, various forms of dysfunction, and general confusion about their direction and mission.''' ,'''We learn by taking action and seeing whether it works or not.''' ,'''Team members need to be able to admit their weaknesses and mistakes, to acknowledge the strengths of others, and to apologize when they do something wrong.''' ,'''I hate touchy-feely things.''' ,'''On great teams - the kind where people trust each other, engage in open conflict, and then commit to decisions - team members have the courage and confidence to confront one another when they see something that isn't serving the team.''' ,'''There is almost nothing more painful for a leader than seeing good people leave a growing organization, whether it's a priest watching a Sunday school teacher walk out the door or a CEO saying goodbye to a co-founder.''' ,'''I have many times marveled at how I could feel so good about myself while eating peanuts in a middle seat on Southwest Airlines and yet feel so condescended to in first class on United.''' ,'''God bless those employees at United who somehow continue to be gracious and patient and generous with customers even while bearing the brunt of a broken company themselves.''' ,'''Your focus should be on creating an environment where growth can occur and then letting nature take its course.''' ,'''Failing to engage in conflict is a terrible decision, one that puts our temporary comfort and the avoidance of discomfort ahead of the ultimate goal of our organization.''' ,'''I coach soccer, and my wife and I are very involved in our kids' lives. Our family is busy with doctor appointments, soccer practice, school, work, travel, vacation... life.''' ,'''What clients are really interested in is honesty, plus a baseline of competence.''' ,'''Too often, companies focus on systems and structures that facilitate cultural change at the mid-management level, overlooking problems closer to the top.''' ,'''Teamwork requires some sacrifice up front; people who work as a team have to put the collective needs of the group ahead of their individual interests.''' ,'''Without trust, the most essential element of innovation - conflict - becomes impossible.''' ,'''The truth is that intelligence, knowledge, and domain expertise are vastly overrated as the driving forces behind competitive advantage and sustainable success.''' ,'''If you could get all the people in the organization rowing in the same direction, you could dominate any industry, in any market, against any competition, at any time.''' ,'''Conflict is the pursuit of truth.''' ,'''Make sure that the people at the top are working together and there aren't divisions of labor. Don't have people working in silos; have them working across the team.''' ,'''The best kind of accountability on a team is peer-to-peer. Peer pressure is more efficient and effective than going to the leader, anonymously complaining, and having them stop what they are doing to intervene.''' ,'''You need to make sure you hire people who are capable of being strong team players. Team members should fit the company's culture, be committed to the team, and be capable of being genuinely vulnerable and selfless.''' ,'''I never accepted the premise that meetings themselves were bad.''' ,'''Having to re-recruit, rehire, and retrain, and wait for a new employee to get up to speed is devastating in terms of cost.''' ,'''Team synergy has an extraordinary impact on business results.''' ,'''Values can set a company apart from the competition by clarifying its identity and serving as a rallying point for employees. But coming up with strong values - and sticking to them - requires real guts.''' ,'''Conflict is always the right thing to do when it matters.''' ,'''Clients don't expect perfection from the service providers they hire, but they do expect honesty and transparency. There is no better way to demonstrate this than by acknowledging when a mistake has been made and humbly apologizing for it.''' ,'''Anybody, and any company, can have a big run of success once, but if you're going to repeat that over time, you need to be aware that you need to keep learning.''' ,'''Team members need to learn to leverage one another, and that doesn't happen over a golf game or on a phone. It happens by getting together and taking the time to know each other.''' ,'''Team members have to hold each other accountable. If there's a meeting, all members have to commit to be present and to help one another; they can't just check out when they feel they're not getting any benefits.''' ,'''Empty values statements create cynical and dispirited employees, alienate customers, and undermine managerial credibility.''' ,'''Employees who can't trust their leader to be vulnerable are not going to be vulnerable and build trust with one another.''' ,'''I work with CEOs and their executive teams... and very few of these people are really indifferent about their employees or their customers.''' ,'''The sad fact is that it would be fair to say that United is a generic, bureaucratic, tired company. A sort of DMV in the sky. No real culture. No real strategy. No real expectations for employees or customers. All of which is a shame.''' ,'''Smaller groups of people can establish trusting relationships.''' ,'''Contrary to popular wisdom, the mark of a great meeting is not how short it is or whether it ends on time. The key is whether it ends with clarity and commitment from participants.''' ,'''If you really want to step up your team's creative thinking, take a hard look at how many people you're putting in a room together. More than three to five is probably too many.''' ,'''The fact is, employees cannot make breakthroughs if they can't openly and honestly disagree with their peers and their leader. Indeed, great leaders don't just permit conflict; they actively try to elicit it from reluctant employees as well.''' ,'''Members of great teams confront each other when they see something that isn't serving the team.''' ,'''If you're not willing to accept the pain real values incur, don't bother going to the trouble of formulating a values statement. You'll be better off without one.''' ,'''Enron - although an extreme case - is hardly the only company with a hollow set of values.''' ,'''Meetings are usually terrible, but they shouldn't be.''' ,'''At its core, all authentic growth depends on more customers wanting more of what your company offers. Any other drivers - pricing gimmicks, heroic marketing efforts, forced acquisitions - are ultimately destructive.''' ,'''You can go to work and actually make someone else's job less miserable. Use your job to help others.''' ,'''When team members openly and passionately share their opinions about a decision, they don't wonder whether anyone is holding back. Then, when the leader has to step in and make a decision because there is no easy consensus, team members will accept that decision because they know that their ideas were heard and considered.''' ,'''You have to build trust among team members so that people feel free to admit what they don't know, make mistakes, ask for help if they need it, apologize when necessary, and not hold back their opinions.''' ,'''Hungry people almost never have to be pushed by a manager to work harder, because they are self-motivated and diligent. They are constantly thinking about the next step and the next opportunity. And they loathe the idea that they might be perceived as slackers.''' ,'''Even though I wrote 'The 3 Big Questions for a Frantic Family,' my life is as chaotic as most people's.''' ,'''I've spent many a long flight talking to flight attendants, trying to understand what kind of employment experience underlies such a consistent lack of concern for customers.''' ,'''Meetings are the linchpin of everything. If someone says you have an hour to investigate a company, I wouldn't look at the balance sheet. I'd watch their executive team in a meeting for an hour. If they are clear and focused and have the board on the edge of their seats, I'd say this is a good company worth investing in.''' ,'''Home is most important in the long run.''' ,'''Engaged, enthusiastic, and loyal employees are pivotal drivers of growth and health in any organization.''' ,'''Employees that feel known and they feel like they know why their job matters and they have a sense of measuring it stay later, do extra work, and are committed to the organization above the requirements that they have.''' ,'''For organizations seriously committed to making teamwork a cultural reality, I'm convinced that 'the right people' are the ones who have three virtues in common - humility, hunger, and people smarts.''' ,'''Too many executives I've met over the years have the mentality of a bodybuilder; they've come to accept the idea that growth is synonymous with success.''' ,'''What's amazing is that so many leaders who value teamwork will tolerate people who aren't humble. They reluctantly hire self-centred people and then justify it because those people have desired skills.''' ,'''Sometimes you're going to have someone on your team who's just not comfortable with being open. You have to ask yourself, 'Is this person going to allow us to be a real team?' Maybe they're not right for your team. You have to be willing to lose someone sometimes.''' ,'''If you want to lead, you better love people. Even if you don't like them, you have to love them enough to tell them the truth.''' ,'''The kind of people that all teams need are people who are humble, hungry, and smart: humble being little ego, focusing more on their teammates than on themselves. Hungry, meaning they have a strong work ethic, are determined to get things done, and contribute any way they can. Smart, meaning not intellectually smart but inner personally smart.''' ,'''Trying to design the perfect plan is the perfect recipe for disappointment.''' ,'''I'm kind of a reluctant guru.''' ,'''Irrelevance is the feeling that an employee gets when they don't see how their job really makes a difference in someone else's life in some large or small way.''' ,'''When truth takes a backseat to ego and politics, trust is lost.''' ,]
+++