+++
author = "Tanushree Dutta"
title = "Tanushree Dutta Quotes"
quotes_len = "69"
description = "the best 69 Tanushree Dutta Quotes"
keywords = "tanushree dutta,tanushree dutta quotes,tanushree dutta quote,tanushree dutta sayings,tanushree dutta saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Come on, just because I'm an entertainer it doesn't mean I don't have any dignity!''' ,'''I don't believe in the concept of religion.''' ,'''I have done various yoga and meditation courses and Kriya yoga as well. This has enabled me to get rid of my frequent headaches, feel more energetic, sleep better and also an enhanced perception of smell, taste and intuition.''' ,'''The 'Horn 'OK' Pleassss' harassment incident and the mob attack there had sent me spiralling into a deep state of depression in 2008.''' ,'''I had become a victim of people's perceptions. It's not just me, I think all actresses are.''' ,'''In India, when someone calls you sexy, they don't mean it as a compliment; it has derogatory connotations.''' ,'''I am no glamorous prop waiting to be presented as a showpiece in a film. Filmmakers have to look beyond that.''' ,'''I have always wanted to work in a Bengali film.''' ,'''In fact, I love my glamourous image.''' ,'''The average Indian woman doesn't even have a voice.''' ,'''After my debut in 2005, I had done almost 15 films till 2008, with 'Saas Bahu and Sensex' being the last. Hence, I thought it was time to slow down.''' ,'''No matter where I go, I always feel unwanted eyes following me. It's a dirty world out there.''' ,'''I am not even trying to become size zero. My problem was that I hated to see myself putting on weight when I could see others around me slim and trim and looking great. It was affecting me mentally.''' ,'''Sometimes God calls us to help and support individuals who may be flawed in their own way. But then who is perfect anyway? We just have to be obedient and follow the prompting of our spirit and expect nothing in return.''' ,'''I am not very comfortable with Facebook and Twitter, and that's why I've kept myself away from such things.''' ,'''All those who run away to ashrams, thinking they are doing something great are just performing daily chores there - cooking, gardening etc. After all, the place has to be run.''' ,'''I believe in god as a form of universal energy.''' ,'''If I am not working, I sweat it out at the gym or dance class.''' ,'''I simply avoid at all cost people I think are not good for me. So it's disgusting when uncouth, uneducated, dirty, downmarket, classless, characterless, perverted, degraded abominations like Rakhi Sawant claim to ever be friends with me.''' ,'''Tinsel town is full of liars, show-offs and spineless hypocrites.''' ,'''Compassion should be universal.''' ,'''Politics is not my thing.''' ,'''I follow my gut and the prompting of my spirit in all things, small and big.''' ,'''I have a green card in America and I cannot stay outside the U.S. for a long time to maintain my green card status.''' ,'''I was reading 'The Mystic Eye' by Sadhguru of Isha Yoga Centre. I couldn't keep the book down and finished it in two-and-half hours.''' ,'''I am social at times and sometimes, I want my privacy. There are days when I am at my chirpiest best and there are times when I wish to be left alone.''' ,'''How come nobody in Bollywood has sleepless nights when a woman becomes a victim of abuse and is not able to work due to the trauma and ostracisation?''' ,'''Initially, picking up the Dravadian language was a bit tough act.''' ,'''There is no short-cut to success. Whether you want to be an engineer, a charted accountant or a fashion model you must work hard.''' ,'''My parents always told me to choose my friends very carefully and I learnt to live by that advice.''' ,'''I have learnt that bullies use fear and intimidation as their primary weapons.''' ,'''Nobody bothered to ask me how I was doing when my livelihood was snatched away after the 'Horn Ok Pleassss' harassment episode.''' ,'''I'll marry once I find the right person.''' ,'''It always feels good to have good-looking men chasing you around.''' ,'''In Bollywood, people have been making movies for more than half a century and they are made in such a way that you need not shed off all your inhibitions.''' ,'''I know a lot of times you don't even get the opportunity to audition for people you really want to work with because there is a business angle involved.''' ,'''Yes, it is true that too much of everything is as bad as little, because satisfaction and gracious acceptance is the keyword for a happy and peaceful life. Too much takes the satisfaction away.''' ,'''I have a fetish for shoes; makeup and jewellery so I tend to splurge more on these products than clothes.''' ,'''To what extent a film works is beyond me. My first film 'Aashiq Banaya Aapne' did wonders at the box office. Then 'Chocolate' was also quite popular, but it didn't have the same effect as the first one.''' ,'''Even though I was away from the public eye, I was in the public memory.''' ,'''I am thrilled to be a part of Tamil cinema as it is an interesting place.''' ,'''When there is unhealthy competition everybody is a loser.''' ,'''I want to work in literature-based movies in Bengal as this is the specialty of the Bengali film industry.''' ,'''I have been in the industry for five years and would love to play a historical character.''' ,'''We are in this world to learn and embody compassion and love.''' ,'''I was waiting for all other actresses to wear a bikini first so I can just follow the bandwagon.''' ,'''I only come out and interact socially and even speak only when need be for work or other social commitments.''' ,'''I don't even have a management team. I have people managing my work but there are limitations when it comes to projects.''' ,'''I come from a very good family and my upbringing was good, everyone knows that.''' ,'''I hated to see tabloids with my pictures where I looked so plump. I visited so many doctors, clinics, hit the gym, hired an expensive trainer but nothing worked. I went into an acute depression. Its then that somebody advised me to take up Yoga.''' ,'''Hate begets hate and if karma and punishment is the only language you understand then the road ahead will be rocky.''' ,'''A girl, whether in the industry or out of it, has to protect herself.''' ,'''For those uninitiated in the art of guerrilla war tactics: Smear campaigns never run fair or square. So just to set the record straight: I'm not a drug addict, I don't smoke or drink and I'm most definitely not a lesbian.''' ,'''I have a divinely-ordained calling in my life to create a larger impact on human society.''' ,'''In our film industry I've realised actresses are not respected at all.''' ,'''I ensure that I read the entire script of each project that comes my way. In fact, it is the script alone that evokes my interest in any film.''' ,'''It is very important to look good in the entertainment industry.''' ,'''My method of praying does not meet the conventional standards as I don't recite any specific prayers but rather indulge in conversations with God.''' ,'''I suddenly became an unprofessional tantrum queen but people tend to forget that we associate these terms only with actresses. So many times, actors report late to the sets or don't even show up. But most women will tell you how we don't even have the luxury to be five minutes late.''' ,'''I feel empathy wherever and whenever someone feels cornered in life. Whenever someone puts in sweat and blood and does not get the acceptance and appreciation one deserves, I resonate with it.''' ,'''Everyone knows about Nana Patekar that he has always been disrespectful towards women.''' ,'''I am an actress, not a producer; I can't decide release dates.''' ,'''Since I was a child I didn't like conforming to the various rules pertaining to rituals and traditions.''' ,'''I was always inclined towards spiritualism but was afraid that I would become a sanyasin if I pursued it actively.''' ,'''It feels fantastic to be a part of 'Fear Files.' I am having a great time shooting for the show as it is not just another horror or crime show.''' ,'''When I was young, I was like, 'I want to want to work with this director and that director'. I've stopped doing that. You put yourself in a place where you get disappointed.''' ,'''In India, going to a police station is not the most pleasant experience.''' ,'''I am a believer in god, but I have not restricted myself to one religion. I have experienced many religions.''' ,'''I was never feverishly pursuing Bollywood.''' ,]
+++