+++
author = "Tahj Mowry"
title = "Tahj Mowry Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Tahj Mowry Quotes"
keywords = "tahj mowry,tahj mowry quotes,tahj mowry quote,tahj mowry sayings,tahj mowry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''That's why I love doing television because it's something that fans and viewers can sit down each week and get to know your character and get to know the show and get to know what's going on and fall in love with you all over again, like they did in previous shows.''' ,'''I've been very busy working on the ABC Family sitcom, 'Baby Daddy.'''' ,'''I try to go to my parents' house as much as I can. No matter how busy we are as a family, we always make that time to have that 'family together' day because we want to. You can't let work and life get in the way of spending time together.''' ,'''When it comes to acting, I've always had a passion for entertaining and for making people laugh. On the music side, I really want to come out as an artist because I want people to see who I really am... artistically, I tend to be drawn to the darker things. What the music will be able to do is show people that I am an adult now.''' ,'''Whenever I wasn't working, I had my butt back in normal school.''' ,'''You can't say yes to every role, and you have to make people miss you. I don't want people to get sick of me.''' ,'''Our family is very tight. Just like any family, we have our ups and downs, but the love is always going to be there. I try to go to my parents' house as much as I can.''' ,'''Growing up, I was always in normal public school which is very important in my eyes.''' ,'''There's something so great about being with your nephew and, when you're tired, just handing him off back to your sister.''' ,'''My parents separated it, and that let me know that TV life wasn't my normal life; that was my job and my hobby.''' ,'''I always walk around with a few moves in my pocket. You never know when you may need to bust one out.''' ,'''I always joke with people that having nephews is the best birth control there is.''' ,]
+++