+++
author = "Emmanuel Sanders"
title = "Emmanuel Sanders Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Emmanuel Sanders Quotes"
keywords = "emmanuel sanders,emmanuel sanders quotes,emmanuel sanders quote,emmanuel sanders sayings,emmanuel sanders saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I get smarter when I read seeing big words.''' ,'''For the Broncos, they're kind of in a rebuilding stage with a lot of young guys and here I am, 10 years in the league, ready to be a free agent. I think it was best for the Broncos to trade me for the draft picks and try to build.''' ,'''I play the game because I love the game.''' ,'''Football is still fun, but it's not so much fun when you're losing, especially when you prepare as hard as you can, you go out and have four targets, two catches and 10 yards.''' ,'''If you take guys that love the grind of football and who are passionate about football, it should click regardless if they have the proper talent.''' ,'''Vegas finally has a team and it's good for the NFL.''' ,'''I want to be a Pittsburgh Steeler. I'm happy that I'm still a Pittsburgh Steeler. Hopefully we can work out a long-term deal, and I can be a Steeler for my entire career.''' ,'''I can't put my family at risk. My son already has a respiratory problem. He has asthma.''' ,'''To play with Drew Brees, one of the greatest quarterbacks of all-time. How could I pass up that opportunity and to play in a Sean Payton system.''' ,'''Obviously, I've got a lot of love for the Broncos. I spent six years there, won a Super Bowl there and I love that organization. But to be a 49er, it's like a new energy and new environment.''' ,'''I still got a lot of love for the Broncos. I still bleed orange and blue.''' ,'''I think ultimately the goal is to try to bring a Super Bowl to New Orleans and that's the reason I signed that deal, because I have a great chance at winning another Super Bowl with the New Orleans Saints.''' ,'''It's the Super Bowl, the biggest sporting event in the world, but at the same time, my job is to go out and win a game.''' ,'''Am I mad about Deflategate? I feel like I'm on ESPN with that question... Yeah, yeah, I'm kind of mad.''' ,'''You play against an opponent so much the numbers got to match at some point! I played against the Raiders six years straight pretty much. I played against them more than any team I've ever played.''' ,'''Football is a game. And sometimes I think about it way too much over situations that could be, you know, deadly.''' ,'''The hardest thing about free agency is sometimes you want it right away but you have to wait and see see what happens.''' ,'''Truthfully, I just love the game of football and I'm just so locked in on doing my job that I kind of forget it's the Super Bowl.''' ,'''I love playing football. I love being happy. I love playing games. I think that's going to be the ultimate deciding factor in where I go.''' ,'''I just feel like if I push myself and I kill myself, then I have self-discipline within myself. That's how you turn into a true pro.''' ,'''Winning a Super Bowl is hard to do from the jump. I think that what's special about it is to attain it, it requires a special group of guys with the right DNA to do be able to do it.''' ,'''I needed a change of scenery, and it feels good to have a change of scenery. And what a great locker room the 49ers have here. I'm just trying to come in and bring even more positive energy and bring another spark to this offense.''' ,'''It's crazy, everytime I've played in New Orleans' stadium, it's always big-time, it's always a good vibe and I just love the indoor environment, the black, the entire environment.''' ,'''I just kind of do my own thing, which has made me feel like a better player, a better pro because I'm in control of it. I don't have anybody who is pushing me to do something - I'm pushing myself.''' ,'''I would be lying to you if I haven't been out on the football field and told a quarterback to give me a post route and simulated me catching it and running into the end zone, envisioning scoring that game-winning touchdown.''' ,'''If the NFL wants to change the season to 17 games they should ask me, and I say no. Because my body was hurting and I needed that break.''' ,]
+++