+++
author = "Ryan Seacrest"
title = "Ryan Seacrest Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Ryan Seacrest Quotes"
keywords = "ryan seacrest,ryan seacrest quotes,ryan seacrest quote,ryan seacrest sayings,ryan seacrest saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't mind being the butt of the joke... It doesn't really bother me. I quite enjoy it.''' ,'''As much as we all talk about the future and how so many things are merging, there is a simplicity that is crucial.''' ,'''Never believe people in this business who say they don't read what's written about them.''' ,'''In Hollywood it seems that you're considered gay until proven otherwise.''' ,'''I'm shy in my personal life.''' ,'''The combination of a blazer over any T-shirt with a pair of jeans is foolproof.''' ,'''Mine's a pretty simple strategy: there's not a lot of talent here, but there's a lot of hustle. I have to be in every place I can, and be busy.''' ,'''Dick Clark is an American icon. I am honored that he has entrusted me with such a role in this national tradition.''' ,'''I work best inundated with things, when it's like raining information.''' ,'''With the evolution of technology, kids really need to be computer-savvy.''' ,'''Fortunately for me, I'm in this unique business of not singing, not dancing, not performing - just kind of being there.''' ,'''Part of wearing a tee is saying, 'I'm comfortable and casual.'''' ,'''People bring up my hair quite a bit. It's strategically tousled. The flatiron is the key.''' ,'''I've never done Botox in my life. But I've probably tried everything else under the sun.''' ,'''I don't Botox. I've never Botoxed.''' ,'''I've gone to a tanning bed.''' ,'''We now have contestants who will not let anything get in their way of victory. Some contestants have thrown each other under the bus this season.''' ,'''And I think more than anything else, I know when I go to bed that no one's working harder doing what I'm doing, and I think, quite frankly, simply that hard work at some point was gonna pay off.''' ,'''I literally get up and get to do the one thing I dreamed about doing every day. And that is being a part of a television show and a radio show that is based in Hollywood.''' ,'''What I've figured out how to do is make people feel comfortable on television and on the radio, which enables me to have access to them, which is key for what I do.''' ,'''A friend of mine has a house with a basketball court and a pool. The guys go over and play basketball; I lie by the pool and nap in the sun. That defines me. That's consistent with who I am. I don't pretend to play basketball because I wanna feel like one of the guys. I wanna lie in the sun and relax.''' ,'''When I was 10, 11, 12 years old, I would pretend to be on the radio. I bought a mixer and these big, ugly headphones and I would literally broadcast the cassette tapes in my bedroom.''' ,'''One of my favorite things to cook is fondue. I'm Swiss. It's a great social meal.''' ,'''I hope I can help guys come out and say, 'All right, dude, I got a manicure... and I liked it.'''' ,'''I'd like to make time slow down.''' ,'''There's a TV element to everything in my eyes.''' ,'''Look, a lot of women would be turned off with hearing me say how hot I think Brad Pitt is! Know what I mean? So I probably don't help my cause.''' ,'''I am looking forward to being part of the E! team. This unique opportunity allows my company to take the next step in providing multimedia content.''' ,'''I know a lot of gay males who I work with that are fantastic people and I love hanging out with them. But because I hang out and bring gay men into my life, does that mean that I'm gay? I promise you that I very much love women.''' ,'''I could lie and pretend that I hunt and camp, but that wouldn't be me. Clothes? Shopping? That's stuff I like!''' ,'''I use every opportunity, whether on my radio show or on television, to break stereotypes.''' ,'''I'm not used to a script.''' ,'''All I wanted to do when I was a teenager was get dropped off at a radio station - one of the ones I listened to - and watch how the shows worked. After a point it was about showing up and driving people crazy, driving the van to promotions and sneaking on the air.''' ,'''I always just wanted to be a cheesy guy on television.''' ,'''I believe that one of the things I've tried to do is work hard and take the business very seriously.''' ,'''If I don't wear something for a year, I give it away.''' ,'''Failure? Scared to death of it.''' ,'''My company is in the business of content, delivering content, so whether you see it or taste it or hear it or smell it, that's what I do every day.''' ,'''Some people meet people in the grocery store, but I get my tomatoes and I'm out.''' ,'''I want to continue to produce shows that directly effect change.''' ,'''I knew I could control one thing, and that is my time and my hours and my effort and my efficiency.''' ,'''It's in my blood to be on the radio every day. I've done it since I was 16 years old.''' ,'''My parents would always have us, as many times as we could, sit together for dinner and talk about what was happening in our lives, and so we created a great recipe where I could be completely honest with my mother and to an extent my father, being an attorney.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with fresh breath.''' ,'''Trust me, if I were gay I'd be getting more action than I'm getting now.''' ,'''I've dated some women who have turned me on to some funny things that are strange for men to actually do, but these things have become part of my process. I think the things I do for my appearance help make me look better. I even colour my hair because I like how it makes me look.''' ,'''Everyone in showbiz is driven by ego, so how do you go from having loads of fame to working at 7-11? You can't do it!''' ,]
+++