+++
author = "Bella Thorne"
title = "Bella Thorne Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Bella Thorne Quotes"
keywords = "bella thorne,bella thorne quotes,bella thorne quote,bella thorne sayings,bella thorne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think that everybody needs somebody to really look up to and know that even though you're going through a tough time, you'll get over it.''' ,'''I want people to look at my films and say 'Wow, she's a good actress', and I know I'll have to work hard for that.''' ,'''I like 'As Long As You Love Me' and 'Boyfriend' by Justin Bieber. It gets you moving - you just can't help it! And 'Teach Me How To Dougie' gets Zendaya and I every time.''' ,'''I love Michael Kors! I also love Miu Miu shoes - they're fabulous, I have so many pairs.''' ,'''I think that everyone has the power to make a change in the world.''' ,'''I'm really into tall boots. I just got some new ones from Michael Kors that have these little gold studs. I have Valentino ones that I really love. Real, real tall boots!''' ,'''Start going to bed earlier! It is a tough adjustment when you have had a summer of staying up late and waking up late.''' ,'''I don't want to be that girl who has that same style all the time where the music always sounds exactly the same, and you always know it's her.''' ,'''I'm in the studio for hours in that tiny little box, and really, the performing part is what I'm most excited about.''' ,'''We have disappointments all the time in the business, and I've lost way more projects than I've booked. I've learned from every opportunity and have been chosen for some really great projects!''' ,'''I really love big scarves. I have a whole bunch.''' ,'''I've been dancing all my life, but I never did it seriously.''' ,'''My dad would call me his Cuban princess because I had really dark olive skin because I was always in the sun; but I don't really go in the sun anymore, so that is why I am so white.''' ,'''My makeup artist, Tonya Brewer, taught me the importance of moisturizing daily. Hydration is a must if you want pretty, dewy skin - which I love.''' ,'''I always finish off my look with a spritz of Vera Wang Pink Princess.''' ,'''I do have many of the same friends I grew up with. Most I've known since we were three or four years old! I have made new friends as well.''' ,'''My big break was becoming the spokesperson for Texas Instruments. Casting directors really started giving me a chance to read for projects.''' ,'''I don't have to try to be perfect because I know that my fans like me for who I am. They like me because I am weird and kind of funky, but still really calm.''' ,'''The Humane Society is so great to work with. Because everyone there is so nice and supportive, and they're all animal lovers like me.''' ,'''I never saw myself as a singer; I never really thought I had the voice for it.''' ,'''I believe that anyone can become better, if you put in the effort.''' ,'''I have to work extra hard because I am dyslexic. People said that I couldn't be an actress, but I'm proving them wrong. Acting has helped me overcome the challenge.''' ,'''I like clean-cut, very proper, very elegant looks.''' ,'''My father is Cuban. Spanish was my first language, but I don't speak it that much anymore because I had dyslexia, and in school they work with you only in English. But I'm proud to be Latina, and most people don't know I am.''' ,'''I personally don't think you can love two things like dancing and singing the same exact amount. There is always one that you like more, and that is most likely the one that you're better at, because you try harder in it.''' ,'''I'm always on Instagram! I'm like an Instagram stalker.''' ,'''I practice reading all the time. I read everything and having so many scripts to read, which really helps out as well.''' ,'''I think the best advice came from Drew Barrymore, about always finding love in everything you do and keeping a positive attitude and being thankful.''' ,'''I don't think people realize how much work it takes to make an album.''' ,'''I'd like to help other kids with dyslexia, because I'm dyslexic. It was very hard, and I know that what I went through, other kids are going through.''' ,'''Music is a big part of my life. I listen to different genres, and I choose the music that will inspire the next part of my story.''' ,'''Dancing inspires my music. Having your girlfriends all together and just being free and happy.''' ,'''Acting isn't a side thing - you have to live and breathe it.''' ,'''I have suffered from bullying in many ways, from bullying in school due to my disability in reading, to digital abuse that I deal with on a daily basis. I'd like to tell the kids that are being bullied that no one should have to deal with the abuse, ever!''' ,'''My family was absolutely supportive. I did have a fear of cold reads because of my dyslexia, but my family's support and reading classes really helped me overcome my fear!''' ,'''You always just have to be the best that you can be. And if you know that in your heart, then that's all that matters.''' ,'''I know that some girls look up to me for certain things, like dyslexia, and that way I know that they like me for me, so it adds no pressure.''' ,'''I love pointy nails! A cute way to add a pop of color to your nails is to make a V-shape at the ends of them in a pastel color.''' ,'''Don't try to impress people. Always be yourself!''' ,'''I was never a dancer before 'Shake It Up'.''' ,'''It's not the traditional promise ring. It's basically to always stay truthful. I think that's a really important part of a relationship, that you're always honest with each other.''' ,'''I think everything about my life is magical. I've struggled, and against most odds, I'm truly having the experience of living my dreams.''' ,'''My secret is one the world needs to know - nearly a billion people a year die from unsafe drinking water.''' ,'''Everyone suffers some injustice in life, and what better motivation than to help others not suffer in the same way.''' ,'''I think that since it's prom, you should definitely wear a long dress. You can wear a short one anytime! This is the moment when you get to be a princess, and for me, that means a sweetheart neckline, long, then pouf - out and big.''' ,'''My dream artist to play at prom would be Frank Ocean. 'Thinking Of You' is one of my favorite songs. He makes really sweet music for slow dancing at prom.''' ,]
+++