+++
author = "Bryant Gumbel"
title = "Bryant Gumbel Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Bryant Gumbel Quotes"
keywords = "bryant gumbel,bryant gumbel quotes,bryant gumbel quote,bryant gumbel sayings,bryant gumbel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm still going to do television. I'm just not going to do morning television. I would like to do some things that satisfy interests, private interests.''' ,'''I have been a sports fan my whole life. To be able to talk about sports in an intelligent, journalistic fashion and to do things of a serious nature is a dream job.''' ,'''We are essentially in the business of telling stories. We would like to think that most of our stories are basically human stories with sports as a backdrop.''' ,'''I don't want to wait until something happens to see who my friends are.''' ,'''It's not that I dislike many people. It's just that I don't like many people.''' ,'''My mom sees her sons as baby boys. Well, I stopped being her baby boy a long time ago.''' ,'''I feel responsibility for a lot of things that I manage to touch.''' ,'''If I'm in a room with 100 people, will I be able to find one person I'd like to have dinner with? Probably not.''' ,'''There is a lot to life, and a lot more than just television to life.''' ,'''You'll never see me working five days a week again.''' ,'''Your emotions are exposed when you play golf: humility, pride, anger, it all comes out with each swing. You lay it all on the line.''' ,]
+++