+++
author = "Greg Wise"
title = "Greg Wise Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Greg Wise Quotes"
keywords = "greg wise,greg wise quotes,greg wise quote,greg wise sayings,greg wise saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm best when I'm feral, when I don't wash or shave or change my trousers for a couple of weeks.''' ,'''The last thing I want to do is get togged up, go out and be polite.''' ,'''Parties are not my thing; I keep it low-key.''' ,'''I'm a trained architect. Both my parents were architects.''' ,'''As a teenager, I used to travel everywhere with my guitar. I appreciated the fact it was with me, but it was always an absolute pain to carry around - even though, in those days, you could take in on a plane as hand luggage.''' ,'''It's good to explore your darkness.''' ,'''I'm very interested in poo. We don't have a very good relationship with poo, and we should have.''' ,'''I don't think women have ever thrown themselves at me, although I'm quite naive about these things, or was when I was available.''' ,'''Any woman knows that it takes two people to be a good parent.''' ,'''I am starting to hate airports and the whole business of getting onto the plane. It all takes so long I want to scream.''' ,'''Very few of us playing a murderer will actually have killed someone.''' ,'''I am a better listener than talker - but that's partly because I believe rows are often caused by saying things you haven't thought through properly.''' ,'''Acting is not my primary drive in life, although I'd be a very unhealthy person without it.''' ,'''Life is about now - some things are just too important to miss.''' ,'''As an actor, you have to understand how you are seen and then play with that. Otherwise, my looks are not important.''' ,'''I used to work as a tour guide for Americans. I'm convinced that even after four weeks on the road they had no idea where they had been. They were in a bubble.''' ,'''I don't see the point in marriage: if you make a commitment, you make a commitment. Fidelity is important to me; it's about honouring that commitment.''' ,'''I've spent quite a bit of time in East Africa.''' ,'''I owe it to those around me to keep sane. We all do.''' ,'''The nuclear family doesn't work. It's very destructive; it grew out of selfishness.''' ,'''My first heartbreak was extreme. I went to Australia for 10 months when I was at school and told the girl I was madly in love with not to come out to see me - and of course, when I came back, she met me at the airport to tell me she'd met someone else.''' ,'''I think you must be running away from something pretty enormous if you don't want to see a person more than once or twice. I think relationships don't get interesting for quite a while. When the initial heady rush fades, that's when it gets really exciting.''' ,'''I've built a tree house; because of my architectural training, it's heavily over-designed, with an oriel window sticking out of it and flying foxes coming off it.''' ,'''I'm terribly bad at lying in real life. I flush, look away, do the scratching of the nose, or whatever.''' ,'''In Scotland, I have a huge barn full of woodworking tools. I love working with my hands. I basically just make myself bleed a lot. I'm very accident-prone.''' ,'''I don't have any labels for myself, really. Sometimes, when I am out with my wife, I am just Mr. Thompson. Or at my daughter's school, I'm Gaia's dad. I don't think of myself as Greg Wise, actor.''' ,]
+++