+++
author = "Hilary Rhoda"
title = "Hilary Rhoda Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Hilary Rhoda Quotes"
keywords = "hilary rhoda,hilary rhoda quotes,hilary rhoda quote,hilary rhoda sayings,hilary rhoda saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always look forward to the holidays because I love dressing up in festive, shimmery evening dresses.''' ,'''I feel the best after a workout - I'm sweaty and exhausted, but it also gives me an energy I really like.''' ,'''I appreciate anything thoughtful.''' ,'''Since traveling is such a big part of my life when I am working, I like to vacation relatively close to home. Florida is a great place for me to go and relax. It's so close, which is perfect because it's the minimal travel time.''' ,'''Peanut Butter M&Ms in the fridge, I always have a giant bag. Every cookie and candy I put in the fridge, it always manages to taste better when it's cold.''' ,'''Maxi dresses are also my best friend. They take me from my morning coffee, to the beach, to nighttime.''' ,'''I imagine Heaven would have very nice weather - perfect climate where you can wear a leather jacket or shorts and a sweater.''' ,'''I'm so addicted to 'Homeland' right now.''' ,'''Wearing a breathable fabric is the most important thing for me. I also love to keep it simple and keep the number of garments I'm wearing ideally at one (a sundress for example), and then add some great jewelry.''' ,'''I rarely use a stylist, and enjoy choosing my outfit on my own. If you know what suits your body and personality then your individual style emerges naturally.''' ,'''I've never had a specific style philosophy. I wear what I know works on me and I'll play around with accessories or some other fun additions for the outfit.''' ,'''When I have extra time I just go out to the Hamptons. I have a house in Southampton I go out to as much as I possibly can.''' ,]
+++