+++
author = "Gong Yoo"
title = "Gong Yoo Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Gong Yoo Quotes"
keywords = "gong yoo,gong yoo quotes,gong yoo quote,gong yoo sayings,gong yoo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''Infernal Affairs' is really amazing and was a really popular movie. I would be fine with playing any character in the movie.''' ,'''I received a call from America after finishing 'Suspect', and I told them that I would go to America if things are ready.''' ,'''Growing up I watched a lot of Hong Kong movies, I watched big stars like Chow Yun Fat, Andy Lau, and Tony Leung on the big screens.''' ,'''I'm now in my late 30s, and I've been thinking a lot about marriage and family. To be honest, I've decided to push aside thoughts of marriage and personal questions for now.''' ,'''Twitter, Instagram - I don't do it at all.''' ,'''I tend to pick projects that give me a sense of freshness. So my filmography, especially after hitting my 30s, has become a lot more diverse.''' ,'''When I become a character in a movie or drama... I can think about the character only and not the complicated matters of my own life.''' ,'''I had a lot of friends who dreamed of being actors, and as I hung out with them, I became more interested in it.''' ,'''The camera, I hate it. That's something I need to endure while working as an actor. In the end, because of fame, Gong Yoo exists. It's the driving force that keeps me going.''' ,'''I don't know if this is because I'm a bit too old, but it is true that I'm getting insensible about romance recently. I'm very used to being alone now, and I don't think that's not half bad.''' ,'''I started to think maybe I could become an actor, but I didn't have the confidence.''' ,'''I have become more and more afraid about marriage and parenting. I think it's because I am getting older. Of course, there will be a lot to learn, and I also know that the experience will help in my acting.''' ,'''I never thought about becoming an actor. Even when I applied for university, I didn't choose theater as a major to become an actor.''' ,'''As an actor, you have to face the public all the time. It is a job that people fantasies, but it also creates prejudices; these prejudices are the scariest things. People judge a personal life or your image, and it can affect the characters I play. Therefore, I try not to showcase my personal life too much.''' ,'''I like going out to have street food without being disturbed. I like taking walks, but it's been so long since I've been able to do that. I miss feeling what I want to feel and walking around freely in crowded places.''' ,'''Acting job can create a fantasy or stereotype for others. That's why we try not to show our personal lives so much.''' ,'''I was very surprised to see people who recognize me in Puerto Rico.''' ,'''I learned that I can earn many things if I don't use stunts and do everything myself.''' ,'''I heard I am one of the most representative bachelor actors of Korea with Kang Dong Won, So Ji Sub, and Hyun Bin.''' ,'''Hong Kong movies were really popular in my generation.''' ,'''I have been working as an actor for 16-17 years now. The funny thing is I still feel awkward in communicating with the public as a star. It hasn't been long since my drama 'Goblin' ended, and I'm looking forward for some time to rest.''' ,]
+++