+++
author = "Martin Bashir"
title = "Martin Bashir Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Martin Bashir Quotes"
keywords = "martin bashir,martin bashir quotes,martin bashir quote,martin bashir sayings,martin bashir saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''He was very concerned about his children potentially being kidnapped or attached, and that's why they were covered up. When he went to Berlin zoo, there were 200 photographers.''' ,'''I'm just trying to do my best in the circumstances and am very happy for everyone else to do the same so I don't cultivate enemies.''' ,'''It was not possible to broadcast any of that because of an agreement between Jackson and the family. Our legal advice was that we could not broadcast it.''' ,'''The first time I ask him, have you had your cheekbones raised, have you had your nose changed? He denied it all. I was asking him to compare his face with what it looked like years ago.''' ,'''The chili-rubbed rib-eye at Porter House New York is one of the best steaks that I've eaten anywhere in the world.''' ,'''If somebody's not prepared to answer the question, you can keep asking.''' ,'''We wanted to make sure that the film covered the main issues of his life. Musicianship, appearance.''' ,'''This was almost two hours of factual documentary. In our audience ratings, barely no one left the programme. The whole of his life is so fascinating and people kept watching for that reason.''' ,'''It's terrible. How can we tell the world who the real Michael Jackson is?''' ,'''Press coverage has been difficult for him. I did not set out to ensnare him with a child.''' ,'''You say he's childish, but he's very professional about business transactions.''' ,'''The film was fair to his musical achievement and gave him every opportunity to explain himself.''' ,'''The children don't wear their masks at home and in controlled surroundings.''' ,'''I have an inate curiosity about people.''' ,'''Each story we approach in the same way, with curiosity and interest and determination to get behind the image.''' ,'''If you listen carefully to Rick Santorum, he sounds more like Stalin than Pope Innocent III.''' ,'''Michael Jackson has some contact with his mother. I know she is involved with the children.''' ,'''I had a pension that I was paying into for 27 years... It's now worth less than a Herman Cain endorsement.''' ,'''The Thriller album is still the biggest album of all time. That is still returning huge royalty cheques.''' ,'''For watching sports, I tend to drink Guinness; early evenings always begin well with a Grey Goose and tonic with plenty of lime; and on a cold winter's night, there's nothing quite like a glass of Black Maple Hill... an absolute peach of a bourbon.''' ,'''I don't think his life has been in any way disfigured by the film. The film did disclose some difficult facts.''' ,'''I never saw anything that would qualify as a criminal activity.''' ,'''It was a challenging experience. I'm looking forward to a break.''' ,]
+++