+++
author = "Robert Trujillo"
title = "Robert Trujillo Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Robert Trujillo Quotes"
keywords = "robert trujillo,robert trujillo quotes,robert trujillo quote,robert trujillo sayings,robert trujillo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''Frayed Ends Of Sanity' off the 'Justice' album is a song that I really wanted to play with the band, and for years and years, I was always like, 'Let's play this song!' But I'll tell you something: I started working on that song almost from the very first time I joined the band.''' ,'''It's really a rush and a thrill to feel you've been part of a body of music that's inspiring.''' ,'''I've been a baseball fan in the early part of my life, so through the '70s and the '80s, I was a huge fan. I actually followed the Dodgers back then, back in the Kirk Gibson years, Steve Garvey.''' ,'''A lot of the hardcore fans wanna hear the deep cuts - songs like 'Orion' or maybe like a 'Disposable Heroes' - you know, songs that we don't play all the time - and then, of course, they wanna hear 'Sandman' and 'Nothing Else Matters' and some of the hits.''' ,'''My first gig with Metallica was at San Quentin State Penitentiary.''' ,'''Don't make music to make money, because that's not why you should be doing it. Have fun, be creative, and embrace the past.''' ,'''You can be an incredible player, but when you get onstage, you've gotta be yourself, and you've gotta bring it, as we say, and that just means give 120 percent.''' ,'''What we're doing is special and unique in its own way but still keeping it heavy. For me as a listener, part of the journey I'm on with Metallica, there's just a certain edge that needs to be there.''' ,'''I went to jazz school. Not to say I'm a great jazz musician, but I studied under some great teachers. It was an important part of my life.''' ,'''As long as there is communication, everything can be solved.''' ,'''For me, the most important thing that I tell young people is to have fun.''' ,'''With our fans, a lot of times, people get upset because maybe they didn't get what they wanted, whatever. But we always write the songs for us, number one.''' ,'''There is a lot of energy between Lars and James, and sometimes that energy can erupt. I know that before I was in the band, Kirk was the guy who was often in the middle, and it was important at that time. And now I feel like sometimes I'm the guy that's in the middle between not just James and Lars, but even Kirk.''' ,'''Bill Ward, when you hear his beats, he's not just playing a straight 4/4 beat; he's doing almost a hip-hop beat. There's a song called 'Sweet Leaf.' The drum beat that he's playing, he's trying to kind of swing and funkify it. Now, is he doing a great job of it? Maybe not. Maybe.''' ,'''In a lot of ways, Metallica is like a fusion band. It's not necessarily jazz or any of that, but the music is grooving.''' ,'''It's really, really great; it's special when people embrace your music.''' ,'''Lemmy is, I think, for anybody in the world of rock n' roll - you don't have to be a bass player - he is a pioneer, and he was true to his music and also the lover of a lot of different styles of music.''' ,'''I always say, 'Hey, I'm in Metallica, but I wasn't on the Black Album.'''' ,''''Mama I'm Coming Home' is one song that I think is incredible. One of his best songs ever written. Lemmy wrote the lyrics to that.''' ,'''With my experience with Metallica, I've already surfed Portugal, Morocco, and all over Australia with Kirk.''' ,'''I call it a process of elimination. You're nurturing ideas, and that takes time. What happens is there's so many, what I say, 'great ideas.' What you have to do is try to consolidate them and put them into one song, and then your song becomes eight minutes long.''' ,'''I'm always pulling and really feeding off of my inspirations. I think most musicians do.''' ,''''Tallica Parking Lot' is, basically, roughly about a four-minute animated short which is centered around the parking lot of Metallica, and that can be anywhere in the world.''' ,'''It's all about the experience and having a good time and connecting with the fans.''' ,'''I think every Metallica album is unique in its own way.''' ,'''Jaco Pastorius gave the bass a new voice. I mean, he was very inspired by singers like Frank Sinatra. And in a lot of ways, maybe he wanted to be a singer himself.''' ,'''When I was younger, I was trying to create from attitude more than anything else.''' ,'''We like to challenge ourselves, and having new material and presenting it to the world is fun and exciting and fresh.''' ,'''What I have learned about Metallica is that it's all about taking chances and challenges.''' ,'''Being able to surf in Tahiti and places like Brazil was unreal.''' ,'''There's a lot of personality in Lars's drumming. That's what makes it unique.''' ,'''When I first heard the song 'Eruption,' which is Eddie Van Halen's most famous solo composition, I was confused because it sounded incredible, but I didn't know what it was. I didn't know if it was a guitar. I didn't know if it was a synthesizer or a keyboard. I couldn't figure it out.''' ,'''We see kids out there on their parent's shoulders rocking out. And that's really special.''' ,'''We used to go to Palm Springs, ditch school when I was in eleventh grade, and go hang out poolside with our ghetto blaster and listen to Pat Metheny 'Offramp' and kind of trip out on a lot of his music.''' ,'''I just wanted to experiment with the bass, and my main influence from Jaco Pastorius inspired me to write music in a certain way.''' ,'''We just like to make great songs and have fun, and if people want to nominate us for a Grammy and celebrate it, then we'll take it.''' ,'''It's always nice, no matter what style of music, as long as it's grooving and you feel that, I feel that's what makes... part of what makes a great song, for sure.''' ,''''Justice' is the biggest challenge 'cause it's also complex in the arrangements.''' ,'''I always say my role in Metallica is to support the song and to support my team, and whatever that means, I'm there for it.''' ,'''With the fretless bass, you have a different tone and different sound, a different dynamic to the instrument, so you can really make it sing.''' ,'''With Metallica, it's hard. I tend to like it all, but the older stuff, when we get into the deeper cuts, it really excites me personally.''' ,'''I believe in rock and roll and heavy music in general.''' ,''''Some Kind of Monster' is a challenge, and 'Through the Never' is an extension of that. Even the album we made with Lou Reed, it was a challenge.''' ,'''I don't generally like things that are too pedestrian. But at the same time, and if I'm in the right mood, hey - I ain't gonna lie - I listen to Joni Mitchell. I listen to 'Blue,' I listen to Miles Davis.''' ,'''It's very important to us, family, and the balance of family within the band is probably the most important. Metallica is important, but when you have your wife and your kids, and you need to maintain that and keep the peace, it's important to work around the schedule of the kids' schools.''' ,'''If you choose to take care of yourself, you're going to get more mileage for your career.''' ,'''You can make an album, and people won't get it. Or won't connect with it. Or won't - whatever is going on in the universe at that time, it doesn't really register.''' ,'''Any band that you have, any relationship in your life, is gonna come with moments of tension.''' ,'''There were a lot of different styles in the house - Motown, Led Zeppelin, Rolling Stones, jazz - and my dad played flamenco guitar. Soon I realized that bass was what was really grooving me.''' ,'''The first album I ever bought was Santana's 'Abraxas.' Obviously, I was a huge fan of Carlos because he had the unique guitar sound, and he had incorporated a lot of the percussion and really, really fun rhythmic bass lines in there, too.''' ,'''Mike Clark, who's a really amazing surfer, got me back into surfing. I surfed a lot from '82 to '86, and then I kind of started slacking.''' ,'''You listen to a Metallica song, and you listen to the drums, and they're not necessarily swinging, but the arrangements are different. Why is that? Because it's more in tune with jazz arrangements. It's very different. It's not a traditional rock and roll production, in terms of the drums.''' ,'''James Hetfield, I mean, the minute he plugs in his guitar and adjusts the tone knob, he comes up with the world's greatest riff.''' ,'''You just go out and do the best that you can. I think people feel that, and they embrace it, and it's a part of what makes Metallica special.''' ,'''We all grew up with Black Sabbath. I mean, there's no secret there. Any of us, any of the members of any band I've ever been in, or anyone I've ever worked with.''' ,'''That's what I find so special: when you actually imagine something. But really, when it comes to you in a dream, and then you can bring it to life on the screen, it's very powerful.''' ,'''I like that Metallica has found a way to have these non-pedestrian arrangements but then the vocal melody is strong and intense. I've always appreciated that as a fan.''' ,'''The cool thing about the smaller gigs - it's the intimacy. You really feel connected to the crowd.''' ,'''I knew Rocky George, the guitar player, 'cause I went to junior high school with him, so I've known him for many years.''' ,'''Traditionally, the role of the bass player was just to keep things simple and solid, so it's really a special thing when you can get a player that can actually bring in a lot of presence and also a visual presence, too.''' ,'''I feel, in my life, in any situation I've been in, I've always been sort of in the middle.''' ,'''I've played with the best drummers in rock, ranging from Josh Freese to Brooks Wackerman to even Dave Lombardo.''' ,'''I didn't write 'Enter Sandman.'''' ,'''Back in the day, being a young, inspired bass player, I started to gravitate toward jazz fusion. I almost would have called myself an elitist. I got to the point where, for a little bit there, I was more interested in instrumental music.''' ,'''Between 'St. Anger' and 'Death Magnetic,' we had, if I'm not mistaken, five kids born. And, of course, that would allow things to take time.''' ,'''Writing a Metallica song is a journey and a process, and it takes time, but that's what's special about it.''' ,'''Joe Walsh is somebody who... he's a writer, obviously, and he's a singer-songwriter, whatever, but at the end of the day, when it comes to the Eagles, he's there to play guitar, and he's there to supply whatever is needed for that band, and that is what I feel with Metallica.''' ,'''To have the opportunity to bring 'Tallica Parking Lot' to life through images was really special. And also to have a lot of my heroes and my friends in the film was really, really special. People like Lemmy from Motorhead.''' ,'''We absolutely cherish our kids. But the fact that we all have them - it's definitely created an additional bond. It's not just Metallica - it's our families. And we also have Metallica.''' ,'''I'm a person that takes on situations from passion. I get passionate about things, and I try to help.''' ,'''I had a band called Infectious Grooves back in the Nineties. That music was really a mixture of styles, and we had some stuff that was punk rock, ska, but then we had a lot of funk in there.''' ,'''When Lars said, 'We want you to be in Metallica,' I was blown away.''' ,'''I was fortunate to not get wrapped up too hard in anything that was too dangerous.''' ,'''Playing with Ozzy was a dream come true.''' ,'''The great thing about Santa Monica civic auditorium was it was a place you could ride your bike to. In this case, my dad dropped me and my friends off, and we'd go see Ronnie James Dio or Jean-Luc Ponty or Weather Report or the Pretenders.''' ,'''I feel that music is such an inspirational form of energy, as baseball is. And especially with Metallica, believe it or not, our shows are very physical. Sports is a very physical thing, too.''' ,'''One thing about being in Metallica is I've always felt challenged.''' ,'''With our producer, Greg Fidelman, it was really a joy to work with him and to try different things and experiment.''' ,'''We enjoy playing small shows, big shows, whatever. There's the energy of the visual production, and all that stuff starts to happen, so when you see it come to life, it's pretty exciting.''' ,'''I've been friends with Jaco Pastorius's son since 1996 - Johnny Pastorius, the eldest son. And I remember when I first met him, I said, 'Some day, you've gotta make a film about your father,' because his influence is so broad.''' ,'''That's all I ever do, just try and do the best I can and cater to the song, cater to the music.''' ,'''I've always been a fan of animation. As a kid, I used to watch a lot of the Saturday-morning cartoons, and I was always a fan of even claymation and that whole medium.''' ,'''My father had a friend who actually had a hollow-body bass guitar and didn't work through an amp, but because it was hollow body, I could play it. So I kind of played on that for about a year, learning scales and all that. And here I am.''' ,'''The Big 4 tour was really great.''' ,'''Each album you make, each body of music, you just never know how the world's going to relate to it.''' ,'''I've been wearing Vans since I was a little kid. I wear them on stage, and I grew up skateboarding and surfing.''' ,'''You want your fanbase and new fans too, to embrace the music, the new music.''' ,'''The great thing about Metallica's music and the lyrics, it's always going to be hopefully a motivating experience.''' ,'''Flamenco was probably the first music that I may have heard as a baby, because my father played flamenco.''' ,'''I play in Metallica, and I have fun in Metallica. I tell you, I am the luckiest man on the planet because we have a good time and we're happy. When we put on our guitars, we're teenagers again, and that's where the fun comes in.''' ,'''Lars Ulrich is not a jazz drummer, but he grew up listening to jazz. Why? Because his father, Torben - an incredible tennis player - loved jazz. Jazz musicians used to stay at their house.''' ,'''Sometimes artists die young, and we don't know exactly why. I think that, in life, you have these special individuals, whether it's Jimi Hendrix or Janis Joplin or Kurt Cobain. They're on this journey - they're on this earth to change things, to make things incredible - and then they're not with us anymore.''' ,'''I feel like I've always been a great mediator.''' ,'''One of the things that I've noticed since I've been in the band is that, as players, Lars, James, and Kirk truly enjoy making music and performing.''' ,'''I think that young people should embrace artists like Lemmy from Motorhead but also be open to different styles.''' ,'''I was in a party band in the early '80s, and we played Sabbath and Ozzy songs as well as Rush and Van Halen... all that kinds of stuff.''' ,'''Sabbath is always some of the best music ever. And the reason is because it grooves. It's funky. It's heavy. It's got lots of great changes, twists, and turns.''' ,'''You've gotta be careful because art is really important to most people, and you wanna respect that as much as possible. So I live by that rule.''' ,'''I think Slayer is a funky band.''' ,]
+++