+++
author = "James Mccartney"
title = "James Mccartney Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 James Mccartney Quotes"
keywords = "james mccartney,james mccartney quotes,james mccartney quote,james mccartney sayings,james mccartney saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I definitely want to embrace the relationships I have with the people I love.''' ,'''I was heavily into Nirvana and I still am, but when I was 23 I got disillusioned by music. Then I just focused more on myself and gave up music for a while.''' ,'''It's hard to live up to The Beatles. When Wings toured, they got slated. Even Dad found it hard living up to The Beatles. I started out playing under an alias because I wanted to start quietly.''' ,'''Some artists are happy doing the same thing again and again, but my favorite artists are the ones who evolve and grow, and I want to be one of them.''' ,'''I'm naturally guarded because of the way I was brought up. But I understand people are interested in who I am.''' ,'''I always feel honored to meet people who ever met my mum. It means a lot to me.''' ,'''When I was 20, my mother died and I went off the rails a little bit. I kinda had my slightly dark period.''' ,'''Everyone at school knew who my dad was. It made me a little self-conscious a little introverted because I had a lot of attention drawn towards me, but in a way I guess it gives you a little bit of a celebrity skin, even though I wasn't a celebrity.''' ,'''Picking up a guitar - I couldn't imagine doing anything else.''' ,'''Growing up, I put a lot of pressure on myself. I felt with The Beatles legacy that there was pressure on me to do music, and while I always loved music and it was always around me at home, I thought about doing other things.''' ,'''I respect my dad, and he's amazing. He's my hero. He's the Beatles, man - or one of them.''' ,'''For my first album I wanted to make a record that would be intimate, deeply personal, and honest.''' ,'''I did art; I made furniture. I didn't want to be a cliche - the Beatle's son who became a musician.''' ,'''Music is in me. I don't have much of a choice. People might listen to one of my songs or come and see my because of my famous last name, but if my music's not good they won't hang around.''' ,'''Mum was very cool. Even though she came from a pretty affluent family, she was cool. She was really good, a very normal person.''' ,]
+++