+++
author = "Princess Diana"
title = "Princess Diana Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Princess Diana Quotes"
keywords = "princess diana,princess diana quotes,princess diana quote,princess diana sayings,princess diana saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think the biggest disease the world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved. I know that I can give love for a minute, for half an hour, for a day, for a month, but I can give. I am very happy to do that, I want to do that.''' ,'''I live for my sons. I would be lost without them.''' ,'''I want my boys to have an understanding of people's emotions, their insecurities, people's distress, and their hopes and dreams.''' ,'''I'm as thick as a plank.''' ,'''Nothing brings me more happiness than trying to help the most vulnerable people in society. It is a goal and an essential part of my life - a kind of destiny. Whoever is in distress can call on me. I will come running wherever they are.''' ,'''What must it be like for a little boy to read that daddy never loved mummy?''' ,'''I'd like to be a queen in people's hearts but I don't see myself being queen of this country.''' ,'''People think that at the end of the day a man is the only answer. Actually, a fulfilling job is better for me.''' ,'''So many people supported me through my public life and I will never forget them.''' ,'''There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded.''' ,'''I don't go by the rule book... I lead from the heart, not the head.''' ,'''It's vital that the monarchy keeps in touch with the people. It's what I try and do.''' ,'''I will fight for my children on any level so they can reach their potential as human beings and in their public duties.''' ,'''You can't comfort the afflicted with afflicting the comfortable.''' ,'''Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you.''' ,'''The biggest disease this day and age is that of people feeling unloved.''' ,'''If men had to have babies, they would only ever have one each.''' ,'''The greatest problem in the world today is intolerance. Everyone is so intolerant of each other.''' ,'''I don't want expensive gifts; I don't want to be bought. I have everything I want. I just want someone to be there for me, to make me feel safe and secure.''' ,'''I'm aware that people I have loved and have died and are in the spirit world looking after me.''' ,'''Everyone of us needs to show how much we care for each other and, in the process, care for ourselves.''' ,'''I think like any marriage, especially when you've had divorced parents like myself; you want to try even harder to make it work.''' ,'''Life is just a journey.''' ,'''HIV does not make people dangerous to know, so you can shake their hands and give them a hug: Heaven knows they need it.''' ,'''I wear my heart on my sleeve.''' ,'''Family is the most important thing in the world.''' ,'''When you are happy you can forgive a great deal.''' ,'''Any sane person would have left long ago. But I cannot. I have my sons.''' ,'''Anywhere I see suffering, that is where I want to be, doing what I can.''' ,'''I don't even know how to use a parking meter, let alone a phone box.''' ,'''I want to walk into a room, be it a hospital for the dying or a hospital for the sick children, and feel that I am needed. I want to do, not just to be.''' ,'''Being a princess isn't all it's cracked up to be.''' ,'''Only do what your heart tells you.''' ,'''They say it is better to be poor and happy than rich and miserable, but how about a compromise like moderately rich and just moody?''' ,'''I like to be a free spirit. Some don't like that, but that's the way I am.''' ,'''I knew what my job was; it was to go out and meet the people and love them.''' ,'''If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.''' ,'''The kindness and affection from the public have carried me through some of the most difficult periods, and always your love and affection have eased the journey.''' ,'''Hugs can do great amounts of good - especially for children.''' ,]
+++