+++
author = "Marcus Morris"
title = "Marcus Morris Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Marcus Morris Quotes"
keywords = "marcus morris,marcus morris quotes,marcus morris quote,marcus morris sayings,marcus morris saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We can all go up to each other and be honest with each other. That's the biggest thing, when you can go out and speak to your brother.''' ,'''I wasn't as good as some of these guys coming into high school, going into college. I really had to grind to get my position, even still now. I'm still doing the same thing.''' ,'''I have been in many battles with great players, and not once have I ever tried to do anything dirty as far as taking a player out of a game.''' ,'''When I was in Boston, I averaged 14 a game.''' ,'''I just don't want people to mistake playing basketball, playing hard with trying to hurt somebody.''' ,'''I just feel like I'm made for New York.''' ,'''One thing I am not is a dirty player. And I hang my hat on being a hard worker. I am a respected man in this league, and I hope that people look at that and know me as who I am, and I would never go that far, trying to hurt somebody.''' ,'''At the end of the day, nobody is bigger than the team.''' ,'''I have started my share of games. It's not like I'm new to it.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you go through different paths in the league. I wouldn't change anything about it.''' ,'''I approach this game with the utmost respect for every player.''' ,'''My thing is just cut down the easy baskets. Cut down the easy baskets, and cut down the other guys that are going to score.''' ,'''In the basketball world, guys like me, we tend to make bad decisions.''' ,'''Everywhere I've been I've bet on myself.''' ,]
+++