+++
author = "Bette Midler"
title = "Bette Midler Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Bette Midler Quotes"
keywords = "bette midler,bette midler quotes,bette midler quote,bette midler sayings,bette midler saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If sex is such a natural phenomenon, how come there are so many books on how to do it?''' ,'''I mean, can I really create a full, three-dimensional character? I don't know anymore. I'm certainly going to try.''' ,'''A lot of people have no access to beauty. When I was growing up, my mother had only a few pretty things to look at.''' ,'''When I moved to New York City in 1965, I wanted to be in theater. I was following my Ethel Barrymore dream. But I was too young to be Ethel.''' ,'''My husband calls it winging it - the way I just took what the studios gave me, didn't do my homework and avoided roles that would risk my image.''' ,'''The worst part of success is to try finding someone who is happy for you.''' ,'''I always try to balance the light with the heavy - a few tears of human spirit in with the sequins and the fringes.''' ,'''I hope to keep entertaining in some way until I can't physically entertain any longer. It's what I was born to do, and I love this profession.''' ,'''I bear no grudges. I have a mind that retains nothing.''' ,'''My idea of superwoman is someone who scrubs her own floors.''' ,'''Rap is poetry set to music. But to me it's like a jackhammer.''' ,'''Education is my next big thing. When music and art were taken out of the schools, I went berserk!''' ,'''I feel like a million tonight - but one at a time.''' ,'''I had a hard-scrabble childhood with my parents. I have a lot of baggage. To come down to the footlights and accept the audience's affection inside a Broadway theater - that didn't come easily to me.''' ,'''After thirty, a body has a mind of its own.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I invented tacky, but I definitely brought it to its present high popularity.''' ,'''I got so far away from what they told you in acting class: Do something different. Producers kept offering me the 'Sister Act' movie, but I said, 'My fans don't want to see me in a wimple.' I literally said, 'My fans don't want to see me in a wimple.'''' ,'''I'm working my way toward divinity.''' ,'''I'd make a wonderful Lady Macbeth. I'll wear a pair of platform shoes or something.''' ,'''Writing a book is not as tough as it is to haul thirty-five people around the country and sweat like a horse five nights a week.''' ,'''I never know how much of what I say is true.''' ,'''I'd never done a straight play before, never, and it was very hard work - really, really hard work. It was dense, really wordy, and I was determined to learn every word of it - not just skip over bits and pieces.''' ,'''I made a pact with myself a long time ago: Never watch anything stupider than you. It's helped me a lot.''' ,'''I celebrate everyone's religious holidays. if it's good enough for the righteous, it's good enough for the self-righteous, I always say.''' ,'''I learned to accept the audience's happiness for me, which is one of the hardest things for me to learn.''' ,'''Cherish forever what makes you unique, 'cuz you're really a yawn if it goes.''' ,'''When it's three o'clock in New York, it's still 1938 in London.''' ,'''I try not to drink too much because when I'm drunk, I bite.''' ,'''I married a German. Every night I dress up as Poland and he invades me.''' ,'''I sometimes think I should go back to school to learn French and music, but who would have me?''' ,'''As an actor, you're supposed to take jobs that will challenge you or force fans to see you in a different light. By the '90s, I wasn't really an actor anymore. I was someone who went on the road with these gigantic concerts.''' ,'''I already have a Tony for my Broadway concert in '73. It's one of the most precious things I've won.''' ,'''Through books and photographs, I saw a world that was not my own - and I realized that there was another world. That's why I'm concerned about education, because it helps our children see other worlds.''' ,'''If I could be granted a wish, I'd shine in your eye like a jewel.''' ,'''Group conformity scares the pants off me because it's so often a prelude to cruelty towards anyone who doesn't want to - or can't - join the Big Parade.''' ,]
+++