+++
author = "John Torode"
title = "John Torode Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 John Torode Quotes"
keywords = "john torode,john torode quotes,john torode quote,john torode sayings,john torode saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People sometimes forget that Sydney is a harbour and it's the ferries that make it unique.''' ,'''I never use organic vegetables. Why would you want to? The idea of taking a courgette grown in a third-world country in an organic field, packed into a polystyrene box, flown across the oceans, washed in chlorinated water, packed into a foam box, driven halfway across the country, wrapped in plastic and stamped 'organic,' what's the point?''' ,'''How could you live without chips? I could do without bread easily.''' ,'''The most important ingredient of Sunday lunch is the conversation. Without that, it's dead and gone.''' ,'''I'm a culture person when I'm working, so my downtime is beach time: sand, surf and a barbecue.''' ,'''As an Aussie, my favourite holidays are skiing ones.''' ,'''I want people to throw on a hat, head out into the outback and see the real Australia. You can do it how you want - independently in a 4WD, camping under the stars, or being treated like a king in a luxury homestead or on a cruise.''' ,'''I love South Australia.''' ,'''The weekend is all about teaching the children life skills and getting them out in all weathers.''' ,'''The culinary world is a fascinating place that has been influenced over the centuries by culture, religion, fashion, war, art, science and, more recently, globalisation.''' ,'''That's one of the things that concerns me - vegan steak or whatever. It is a hard terminology thing, because what are you eating? With beef you know it's a piece of beef.''' ,'''Raft Point is among the greatest examples of ancient indigenous art we know of.''' ,'''In our family a whole ham on the bone would be bought three days before Christmas, and then stored in a pillow case and left in the fridge so anyone can take the huge thing out and slice it.''' ,'''I grew up in a world with my father where you learnt to iron, you learnt to cook, you learnt how to clean the toilet... I want my children to be the same... I want them to be anywhere in the world and be able to cope.''' ,'''The inspiration to cook came from my grandmother and my father who were both wonderful home cooks. But I would say I taught myself. You travel, you discover the world, you explore books - it is these things that make a great cook.''' ,'''I cooked, which was pretty un-Australian. And I didn't really like Australian music... I preferred the New Romantics and punk and stuff like that.''' ,'''Restaurant kitchens are highly pressurised environments, with lots of young men, and that means one thing: testosterone. It's not brutal - it's military. It is regimented, tough. People are put into compartments and have to do exactly what they're told or the whole thing falls apart.''' ,'''Start with the basics: make pancakes, boil an egg, make toast. Get the kids used to getting a bit of toast and understanding it's hot.''' ,'''I have to admit to not being a great turkey fan unless they come from Paul Kelly at Kelly Turkeys.''' ,'''I'm an Australian - I grew up in Melbourne and Sydney - but as a kid you don't learn much about the Kimberley.''' ,'''Yes, I am a judge on 'MasterChef,' where I taste thousands of dishes, and yes I am a trained chef which has had me commanding some of the biggest brigands a kitchen has ever seen. Yes, I have travelled the world and cooked on television and at food shows up and down the country, but in my heart I am a home cook.''' ,'''There are three types of palate. There's the palate that can't taste anything, there's the normal palate, and there's the Super Palate. I don't think I've got a Super Palate, but it's pretty good.''' ,'''When I'm on holiday I want to clear my head and I found Marrakech too 'in your face' and busy.''' ,'''It's hard to get your head around the scale of Australia.''' ,'''I'm definitely not a nerd, not a nerd at all.''' ,'''The food I had as a child was not complicated, but by heck it was tasty. My Nanna's cauliflower cheese was awesome, her caramel slice wonderful and I am still searching for a recipe to make her apple tea cake.''' ,'''My earliest memory of cooking is my grandmother showing me how to make chicken gravy on the big combustion stove in her kitchen. I still use Nana's gravy recipe.''' ,'''Sydney has the world's best swimming pool. Walk through the Botanical Gardens and you come to the Andrew 'Boy' Charlton Pool on Mrs Macquaries Road, with incredible views of Finger Wharf and the Harbour.''' ,'''Beaches are really important to me, and I love Sennen Cove and Perranporth Beach.''' ,'''If you go to a restaurant and you go with people you like, your food will always taste really good.''' ,'''I don't like to eat in front of people.''' ,'''I love Moroccan food, but I don't want to eat a goat or sheep's head, thanks.''' ,'''I like to introduce people to new things without scaring them.''' ,'''Street stalls, be they in Korea, Thailand or anywhere else in Asia, in a covered market or simply on a street corner with a few brightly coloured plastic stools and tables, are my favourite places in the world to eat.''' ,'''I love the island of Majorca. I love the beach at Cala Ratjada, which is on the far side of the island where not many Britons go.''' ,'''I can't understand why anyone would want to reduce vinegar.''' ,'''It seems that the more we travel, the more we want flavour and variation in our food - and the bolder it is, the more addictive those flavours will be.''' ,'''I don't think a 12-month TV campaign really changes what anyone thinks.''' ,'''My affinity for beef extends into my home life, so you'll notice canvas prints of cows, a cowhide rug and prints of Smithfield meat market.''' ,'''Fish and chips by nature are greasy, so we put vinegar on it and we like it because it helps our digestive system. The vinegar breaks down the fat.''' ,'''I don't mind cooking at home, I find it relaxing.''' ,'''My kind of cooking is not a single style - French, Asian, Australasian or British - it's not modern, old-fashioned or classic; it's a mix of all these things. And at its core is a boy who loved to cook with his Nanna.''' ,'''Tomatoes and mozzarella work very well together because the milk is rich in summer when the grass is very very green, and makes the best mozzarella in the world, same time as the tomatoes are around and beautiful bushy basil.''' ,'''I do think about how different my life might have been had my mother not died so young, but I try not to delve into it too deeply, as it's like 'Sliding Doors,' isn't it? You just don't know.''' ,'''On Christmas morning breakfast is always thick slices of ham, thick white toast, butter and pepper - oh and a glass of fizz!''' ,'''I think a robot butler would be a great idea for certain things. But the idea of anybody coming into my bedroom and doing stuff for me, besides my wife and I - such as giving you tea in the morning - I just find a bit irksome.''' ,'''I'm pretty conscious of what I eat because of my age.''' ,'''Cutting out meat or fish I could maybe just about manage - living without either? I can't see myself doing that ever, ever, ever.''' ,'''I already have my fantasy job. I run a restaurant and film 'MasterChef,' both of which mean I get to cook and eat - and get paid for it.''' ,'''The most important aspect of a home is that it's a retreat, a place where you can laugh and cry.''' ,'''Growing up in Australia, we didn't really go on holiday. We lived beside the beach, so when I walked out of the back gate I was on the sand.''' ,'''Marriage is a very difficult thing and sometimes everyone can be a bit stubborn; it is what it is.''' ,'''Australia is an extraordinary country full of people who eat extraordinary food. There are Greeks, Italians, Vietnamese, Koreans, Chinese, Brits. It's so varied.''' ,'''Markets have long been at the centre of communities, not just somewhere to drop in and grab a bag of groceries, but a hub, a meeting place, and always a place to stop and eat.''' ,'''My father did lots of things. He had an orange-juice factory. He did real estate. He did commercial selling. He was always up and about doing all sorts of weird and wonderful things and being adventurous. I always admired his self-discipline. He was very good at getting everything done. He was very tidy.''' ,'''I got quite into Spam once, in Korea. On their Thanksgiving, they give boxes of it to their friends. I fry it in batter with herbs wrapped around.''' ,'''I have no qualms with people who want to be vegetarians; it's just foolish. They are missing out on the best things in life: meat, cheese, proper Christmas pudding.''' ,'''For the children it will always be a lemonade float at the Christmas table as a special treat.''' ,'''Pumpkin and nutmeg tarts are a small, sweet version of the classic tart, a combination that is a particular favourite of mine.''' ,'''Men and women are not the same in the kitchen. Women tend to be uninhibited and instinctive. Men are inconsistent, egotistical show-offs.''' ,'''Fact is, I'm a carnivore.''' ,'''My second marriage to Jessica just fell apart. It was nothing to do with restaurants.''' ,'''Sydney-siders don't drive.''' ,'''Sunday morning is time to slob around and perhaps go swimming.''' ,'''When you grow up in a family where you have lost a parent, everybody joins together to instil the correct values in you, to give you guidance and and show you the moral ways of the world. Most important to my father and grandmother was the idea of treating people as you would like to be treated.''' ,'''I ate some really amazing food in Thailand. I had river turtle, and dried rat, which was quite chewy and interesting and a bit like biltong.''' ,'''People think the restaurant industry is hard and takes no prisoners, but so does baking, so does retail and so does bus driving. You can't blame your job.''' ,'''Sunday lunch should be about sociability, about conversation, about general stimulation and the education of the youth.''' ,'''I think restaurants and family homes and stuff are about conversation and about chatting. Food is there because you want to enjoy it and have fun with it but I'm not there to study it - I'm there to spend time with my friends.''' ,'''The most used thing I have is my wok. I prefer it to a pan or pot. It is my wonder. They're really easy to clean, I am a lazy cook like that, so it appeals.''' ,'''MasterChef's' about real people and for real people. It's aspirational and inspirational. There's nothing snobbish about it.''' ,'''If I go to a restaurant the last thing I want to do is sit with somebody I don't like because then the food always tastes awful.''' ,'''I like all my jackets to be on wooden coat hangers, all facing the same direction.''' ,'''You have to control your own destiny and make your own choices.''' ,'''I'm not someone who jumps in a car to make for the country, I'm an urbanite. I love living in London and there's always something going on.''' ,'''Let's be honest, we all love a roast, but Sunday lunch could be a huge plate of salade nicoise; it could be eggs benedict; it could be a barbecue. The important thing is you're making an effort, and you're all together.''' ,'''My nanna was an extraordinary lady, and a good old-fashioned cook. She'd just be pottering around, cooking dinner for 25 people on a wood-fired stove without a problem.''' ,'''You can't blame another person for your world being different - or things like divorce. It gets right on my goat when people don't take responsibility.''' ,'''My food hero would be someone like Elizabeth David, because I think what she did for Britain was amazing. Also David Thompson, an Australian chef who does Thai food and really understands the basis of it, has always been very inspiring.''' ,'''I think the 'Great British Bake-Off' is great.''' ,'''My worst flight was with the Indonesian carrier Garuda from Australia to Bali, which was just awful.''' ,'''Cooking is what I do professionally and it is my way of life, but it is also the way I relax. It is the thing I dream about the most; it makes me smile.''' ,'''I always gauge the deliciousness of the food in markets by the number of 'people eating and waiting - the more the better.''' ,'''My grandmother would let me stand on a stool stirring gravy in a large roasting dish in front of a wood-fired stove at the age of six. She wasn't worried about the whole health and safety stuff.''' ,'''Those who know me well will tell you that I love a market, and when I say market, I mean food market. No matter where in the world, they allow me to soak up the culture, to hear the rhythmic chattering of the local people and traders, and take in the all-important smells, pungent and intoxicating.''' ,'''What I'm trying to do as an Australian is to say to people, 'You've got to go back out to Australia,' because there are rural communities that really rely upon tourism to continue to go.''' ,'''I absolutely love jumping on a plane. I find it to be one of the most wonderful, releasing experiences in the world. Nobody can call me and I have my own space where I can do whatever I want. For some people a long-haul flight is an ordeal, but I love every bit of it.''' ,'''I like to reactivate my body after a long journey by getting the sun in my eyes.''' ,'''There's nothing worse than a sterile house.''' ,'''Vegetarian' is just another word for 'bad hunter.'''' ,'''I think that most things, if you want to use them properly, take quite a lot of time and I don't necessarily have the patience to sit down and read the instructions and follow the first bits to actually get the starting point.''' ,'''As I'd travelled, I'd seen more and more people drinking rose. Given the amount of grapes we grow in Australia, I just said, 'Why wouldn't we be making rose?'''' ,'''In winter I love a pasty.''' ,'''Cooking is a great leveller. You can be a sports star, an actor, an entrepreneur, anything, but cooking strips it all away.''' ,'''I don't worry about the camera adding pounds, I am who I am.''' ,'''We're all so busy we don't make time to enjoy our lives, good company and good food.''' ,'''There is no way in the world that a vacuum cleaner will ever be obsolete - they use them for swimming pools, they use them for houses, they use them for industrial purposes. They're fantastic things.''' ,'''Few people think about the Top End of Australia as a travel destination.''' ,'''Cooking steak is a joy because it is a terrific piece of meat that has great flavour whether it is grilled or pan-fried.''' ,'''Under-mature beef with no fat through the meat will be a dry and tasteless disappointment and you will get little yield from it.''' ,]
+++