+++
author = "Alexander Mcqueen"
title = "Alexander Mcqueen Quotes"
quotes_len = "64"
description = "the best 64 Alexander Mcqueen Quotes"
keywords = "alexander mcqueen,alexander mcqueen quotes,alexander mcqueen quote,alexander mcqueen sayings,alexander mcqueen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are only a handful of designers that influence other designers, and I have to keep one step ahead of the game.''' ,'''I find beauty in the grotesque, like most artists.''' ,'''The turnover of fashion is just so quick and so throwaway, and I think that is a big part of the problem. There is no longevity.''' ,'''I like the concept of dressing people. I used to not care whether people bought the clothes or not, but I kind of like it now. I wouldn't label that commercialism; it's more like I do this work because I want people to wear it.''' ,'''I want to empower women. I want people to be afraid of the women I dress.''' ,'''Now I design what I want to wear, and it works that way.''' ,'''I hate it when people romanticize Scotland.''' ,'''I am a melancholy type of person.''' ,'''As a designer, you've always got to push yourself forward; you've always got to keep up with the trends or make your own trends. That's what I do.''' ,'''When a woman gets dressed up to go out at night, she wants to give 50% away, and hold the rest back. If you're an open book, there's no allure.''' ,'''I find it grotesque when clothes hit you in the face and there's no room for fault. But I don't expect to turn things around all by myself. I'm not a saint.''' ,'''Fame should be left to the film stars.''' ,'''The police need to come down to street level.''' ,'''It's good to know where you come from. It makes you what you are today. It's DNA, it's in your blood.''' ,'''It's not my vision when I cover a woman's face with a chador. I got the idea from a 'National Geographic' photo. I'm just showing their plight in the world.''' ,'''Youth culture now really looks back and embraces the past, but keeps it contemporary but not sticking to one particular style.''' ,'''You can get insular with fashion.''' ,'''I've had good times; I've had bad times.''' ,'''When I'm dead and gone, people will know that the twenty-first century was started by Alexander McQueen.''' ,'''Really, what I'm aiming for is world domination!''' ,'''I work with people I admire and respect. It's never because of who they are.''' ,'''I think I should be a president. President of the United States.''' ,'''I can't get sucked into that celebrity thing, because I think it's just crass.''' ,'''My relationships with producers or photographers - these are relationships that took years.''' ,'''I was never a big networker, but I was a spin doctor, all those shock shows, that's how I got my first backers. But fashion's a scary industry to be in, especially if you've not grown up with it.''' ,'''Fashion should be a form of escapism, and not a form of imprisonment.''' ,'''There has to be a balance between your mental satisfaction and the financial needs of your company.''' ,'''I came to terms with not fitting in a long time ago. I never really fitted in. I don't want to fit in. And now people are buying into that.''' ,'''You can hide so much behind theatrics, and I don't need to do that any more.''' ,'''I want people to be afraid of the women I dress.''' ,'''For a long time I was looking for my perfect equilibrium, my mojo. And now I think I'm getting there: I've found my customer, my silhouette, my cut.''' ,'''It's usually only the intellectual ones who understand what's going on in what I do.''' ,'''I think the idea of mixing luxury and mass-market fashion is very modern, very now - no one wears head-to-toe designer anymore.''' ,'''I'm interested in designing for posterity.''' ,'''Give me time and I'll give you a revolution.''' ,'''I have been skiing since I was in school, but I'm not great. I am never going to break an Olympic record, I just want to go down the hills, on red or blue runs, but not... black.''' ,'''I am married to work.''' ,'''You find a lot of ideas from my shows in adverts now. I find it a compliment.''' ,'''You can only go forward by making mistakes.''' ,'''I'm not interested in being liked.''' ,'''I feel more Scottish than Norman.''' ,'''I was three years old when I started drawing. I did it all my life.''' ,'''Some couture collections have everything including the kitchen sink! Everything gets thrown on to make it look expensive. I find it grotesque when clothes hit you in the face and there's no room for fault. But I don't expect to turn things around all by myself. I'm not a saint.''' ,'''There is something sinister, something quite biographical about what I do - but that part is for me. It's my personal business. I think there is a lot of romance, melancholy. There's a sadness to it, but there's romance in sadness. I suppose I am a very melancholy person.''' ,'''I'm not big on women looking naive.''' ,'''Menswear is about subtlety. It's about good style and good taste.''' ,'''I can design a collection in a day and I always do, cause I've always got a load of Italians on my back, moaning that it's late.''' ,'''I like the idea of infiltrating an area that is not really exposed to me or my work.''' ,'''I'm mad in the front of my mind, but business-minded in the back.''' ,'''I never look at other people's work. My mind has to be completely focused on my own illusions.''' ,'''I want to empower women.''' ,'''For people who know McQueen, there is always an underlying message. It's usually only the intellectual ones who understand what's going on in what I do.''' ,'''Clothes and jewellery should be startling, individual. When you see a woman in my clothes, you want to know more about them. To me, that is what distinguishes good designers from bad designers.''' ,'''British fashion is self confident and fearless. It refuses to bow to commerce, thus generating a constant flow of new ideas whilst drawing in British heritage.''' ,'''Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.''' ,'''I come from a different era and I design clothes for our era. I think of people I want to dress when I design.''' ,'''There is a hidden agenda in the fragility of romance.''' ,'''It's a new era in fashion - there are no rules. It's all about the individual and personal style, wearing high-end, low-end, classic labels, and up-and-coming designers all together.''' ,'''Of course I make mistakes. I'm human. If I didn't make mistakes, I'd never learn. You can only go forward by making mistakes.''' ,'''Sting's my ideal man, because he's a real man.''' ,'''I don't want to be too proud, but I have a good personal style.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a designer. I read books on fashion from the age of 12.''' ,'''I just want to be a wallflower. Nondescript. Just not anything. I don't want to see me.''' ,'''Nicey nicey just doesn't do it for me.''' ,]
+++