+++
author = "Jeanne Damas"
title = "Jeanne Damas Quotes"
quotes_len = "55"
description = "the best 55 Jeanne Damas Quotes"
keywords = "jeanne damas,jeanne damas quotes,jeanne damas quote,jeanne damas sayings,jeanne damas saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Even if I am going to an event or a wedding, I try to just look effortless. The more effortless you look, the more chic you look.''' ,'''I absolutely always buy in a bigger size. This is true for coats and also sweaters - I always take a bigger size because I think it looks far more chic if it's loose-fitted rather than tight.''' ,'''My winter uniform is jeans, boots, and an oversize blazer for good measure. It's my formula for getting dressed in under 10 minutes.''' ,'''I'm lazy! For me, fashion has to be easy.''' ,'''I'm in heels more than flats, but when I wear very short dresses, I like small heels.''' ,'''I wanted to create clothes that my friends and I can wear throughout the seasons. We wear Rouje in Paris, on holiday, or at work.''' ,'''You can leave Paris, but when you come back, you discover it again.''' ,'''I dress to feel comfortable and beautiful, not to be fashionable.''' ,'''I love working with silk because I loved it paired with jeans: it has a vintage feel; it's easy for dinners out.''' ,'''The Rouje woman is free, natural, and likes to be confident and comfortable in her garments.''' ,'''I think French women tend to keep it simple. I'd say try the less-is-more approach, which is not always easy to get right.''' ,''''Belle de Jour' is a film I loved and watched almost continuously because the style fascinated me.''' ,'''A trick for looking taller is to wear a top and pants in the same color family - and to hide heels underneath the pants!''' ,'''When I don't know what to wear for a night out, I always wear some high-wasted jeans, a fluid top, and high heels.''' ,'''I've developed a habit of people-watching. In Paris, I love watching all kinds of people walking by from my apartment terrace, and while I'm traveling the world, I enjoy observing all the people in airports.''' ,'''My mother has always been very feminine, always in high-heeled shoes.''' ,'''Don't be afraid to remove your shoes if you are dancing late at night.''' ,'''I love pairing bright details with simple looks or casual materials like denim or cotton.''' ,'''If you're going to wear statement shoes, it is best to keep your outfit simple.''' ,'''I live in Paris, a city where you have a lot of stylish women, so I learned a lot by observing the women in the street. But my mother was always a big influence as well; she is always very feminine in high heels and perfectly cut dresses, with perfect makeup but never too much.''' ,'''I think, French girls, we are not the most stylish women in the world. For me, New Yorkers are more stylish, or even women here in London.''' ,'''I like to take my time, and Parisians love to take their time - sleeping in, enjoying sunlit terraces, having long dinners.''' ,'''I love to dance, bike, and walk every day, so I like to be feminine and comfortable at the same time.''' ,'''I wanted to create Rouje to bring together my talented friends - photographers, stylists, graphic designers - in a project to create my universe and perfect dressing. I did not want to call the brand my name, because I have other projects, and this brand is the result of the work of several people and not just me.''' ,'''For Parisian women, it's not about looks; it's not about style - for me, it's more about this beautiful city, culture, and lifestyle. It's more about attitude - style it your own way.''' ,'''Travel by car or by bike! It helps to avoid walking too much and hurting your feet.''' ,'''I have always been surrounded by women with strong personality and feminine: my mother, my sister, my aunts, my friends. I am fascinated by the look they can have - simple details such as a step, a way of speaking, a gesture, a way of wearing a garment.''' ,'''I am the face of my friend Yasmine Eslami's lingerie brand, so I have an entire collection of her lingerie.''' ,'''I find inspiration on the street a lot.''' ,'''I use a Clarins sunscreen every day, even in winter; it's the secret to keeping beautiful skin even as you get older.''' ,'''Fashion icons that are famous in Paris, it's Charlotte Gainsbourg or even me on the Internet, but we wear the same clothes every day - a white t-shirt with jeans - so why are we fashion icons?''' ,'''I love sensual materials like silk or cashmere.''' ,'''I have a passion for sweaters. Besides jeans, they are the clothes I have the most of in my closet. I must have a hundred!''' ,'''Why is there this myth? People say, 'Oh, you are a style icon. You're 'French, French, French.' It's not true, you know; there are stylish people everywhere.''' ,'''It's really important for me to not follow trends because I really like the idea that a wardrobe is something that's about you, it should represent who you are and how you dress.''' ,'''Rouje is for a feminine woman who likes to look beautiful and be comfortable in her clothes, too. Simple pieces: feminine with a '70s touch.''' ,'''I like the eyeliner and fringe '60s look, like Anna Karina.''' ,'''Parisians have this ability to be cool and chic without appearing to have made an effort.''' ,'''French girls don't care about the perfect look; we actually like when it's not perfect because that's what makes our style effortless.''' ,'''I use M.A.C. Brow Gel to bring out my eyebrows, then I curl my eyelashes every morning and apply M.A.C. Sheen Supreme Lipstick in Venomous Violet with my fingers - I use it as a lip balm multiple times throughout the day because I hate having bare lips.''' ,'''French girls are very simple - they don't try too much.''' ,'''My inspiration comes from the people I may not know but see all around me.''' ,'''I love watching other women when I'm sitting at a cafe.''' ,'''I love winter clothes. For me, it is all about choosing great materials and getting the right cut for your body - and then styling it right. For example, I love an oversized manly jacket, but I'll team it with some girly heels.''' ,'''For my eyes, I wear a very thin line of black eyeliner just to lengthen the eye, and I almost never wear mascara; I like natural lashes.''' ,'''The American girl is casual during the day and sophisticated at night. The French girl dresses for both, day and night.''' ,'''I love turtlenecks; they are very chic, but I don't wear them very often because it bothers me to have something around the neck.''' ,'''I was born in Paris. I grew up here, and I still live here, and I will forever, I think.''' ,'''I wear jeans a lot.''' ,'''The Parisian way to be chic is to look super sharp for everyday things and then do effortless casual for night occasions.''' ,'''I love men's coats, especially because they're so large and they give plenty of room; the man's coat remains one of my favorite classics.''' ,'''L.A. girls always have perfect hair and makeup in every situation.''' ,'''I have a few vintage furs and have a particular weakness for Mongolian lamb fur - it's quite '70s - and I like the volume fur gives.''' ,'''Rouje is my ideal closet, as I want to be able to wear every piece and appreciate them.''' ,'''I do two sessions a week with a personal trainer, and I love jogging.''' ,]
+++