+++
author = "Brahmanandam"
title = "Brahmanandam Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Brahmanandam Quotes"
keywords = "brahmanandam,brahmanandam quotes,brahmanandam quote,brahmanandam sayings,brahmanandam saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm happy I've been entertaining audiences for so many years and I hope to continue for many more.''' ,'''Disney movies are a great outing for the entire family, and my children are huge fans of their classics, especially 'The Lion King.'''' ,'''I went to Mumbai thinking I will be away from media and fans, but right from the Governor of Maharashtra to aam janata, at least 60 people would come to visit me every day. There were calls, messages and I was so touched. I didn't know that people loved me so much and they want to see me back in action.''' ,'''Saying no to a project is not easy. I'm always under the impression that I might end up upsetting the director or producer of a film.''' ,'''I never feel that because of my presence a film will taste success. A film's success or failure does not totally depend on me.''' ,'''Mohan Babu garu is one great actor who has withstood so many obstacles over the last 42 years.''' ,'''I'm the seventh child among eight siblings and have always had a gift for art.''' ,'''What is the point of narrating poetry when the listener can't appreciate and enjoy the meaning?''' ,'''Since I've started working on my autobiography, I'm going to slow down work. I've decided to reduce my workload by not signing every film that comes my way.''' ,'''Doing comedy is very difficult and if you do it perfectly you can do any kind of roles.''' ,'''It's a great gift to be able to make people laugh.''' ,'''I do whatever the directors and writers ask me to do.''' ,'''Character artist, villain, comedian, comedy villain, hero - he has been perfect in them all. That's Mohan Babu. His dialogue delivery is perfect.''' ,'''Naga Chaitanya selects only those movies which suit him, just like his father.''' ,'''I never take the comments made about me seriously. I just do my work.''' ,'''I remember till 997th film, but after that I got so busy with multiple projects; I'm not sure which one released as my 1,000th film.''' ,'''When Surender Reddy told me that I should play a serious role, I was quite confused; however, a lot of people told me that the audience has loved my part in the film. I thank the entire team of 'Race Gurram' for their support.''' ,'''Aagadu' will be a very different film and it will be like a full meal to the audiences.''' ,'''Talent is a combination of perfect comic timing, diction, modulation, great script writing and most importantly, an invincible will, if you may call it so.''' ,'''I am a Venkateswara Swami devotee.''' ,'''I'm sure every actor works as hard as me, if not more.''' ,'''I want to be visible to my fans.''' ,'''Writer Kona Venkat is very good friend of mine.''' ,'''It's been a long and wonderful journey for me but feels like it was just the other day when I started my career in films. I am very grateful to this wonderful Telugu cinema industry and the audience for all the love and unflinching support without which it would not have been possible.''' ,]
+++