+++
author = "Herbert Hoover"
title = "Herbert Hoover Quotes"
quotes_len = "79"
description = "the best 79 Herbert Hoover Quotes"
keywords = "herbert hoover,herbert hoover quotes,herbert hoover quote,herbert hoover sayings,herbert hoover saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Many years ago, I concluded that a few hair shirts were part of the mental wardrobe of every man. The president differs from other men in that he has a more extensive wardrobe.''' ,'''Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die.''' ,'''The spirit of liberalism is to create free men; it is not the regimentation of men.''' ,'''Engineering training deals with the exact sciences. That sort of exactness makes for truth and conscience. It might be good for the world if more men had that sort of mental start in life even if they did not pursue the profession.''' ,'''True liberal government is founded on the emancipation of men.''' ,'''The use of the atomic bomb, with its indiscriminate killing of women and children, revolts my soul.''' ,'''Wisdom consists not so much in knowing what to do in the ultimate as knowing what to do next.''' ,'''At 15 years of age, I left school to practice the profession of Office Boy in a business firm in Salem, Oregon.''' ,'''Freedom does not die from frontal attack. It dies because men in power no longer believe in a system based upon liberty.''' ,'''Self-government can succeed only through an instructed electorate.''' ,'''Freedom conceives that the mind and spirit of man can be free only if he be free to pattern his own life, to develop his own talents, free to earn, to spend, to save, to acquire property as the security of his old age and his family.''' ,'''Honor is not the exclusive property of any political party.''' ,'''Peace can be contributed to by respect for our ability in defense.''' ,'''Economic depression cannot be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement. Economic wounds must be healed by the action of the cells of the economic body - the producers and consumers themselves.''' ,'''Economic freedom cannot be sacrificed if political freedom is to be preserved.''' ,'''A whole people with the ballot in their hands possess the most conclusive and unlimited power ever entrusted to humanity.''' ,'''Next to religion, baseball has had a greater impact on our American way of life than any other American institution.''' ,'''The glory of the nation rests in the character of her men. And character comes from boyhood. Thus, every boy is a challenge to his elders.''' ,'''One civilization after another has been wrecked upon the attempt to secure sufficient leadership from a single group or class.''' ,'''The United States fully accepts the profound truth that our own progress, prosperity, and peace are interlocked with the progress, prosperity, and peace of all humanity.''' ,'''We must have government that builds stamina into communities and men. That makes men instead of mendicants.''' ,'''The President is not only the leader of a party, he is the President of the whole people. He must interpret the conscience of America. He must guide his conduct by the idealism of our people.''' ,'''There are only three ways to meet the unpaid bills of a nation. The first is taxation. The second is repudiation. The third is inflation.''' ,'''This is not a showman's job. I will not step out of character.''' ,'''The worst evil of disregard for some law is that it destroys respect for all law.''' ,'''The human animal originally came from out-of-doors. When spring begins to move in his bones, he just must get out again. Moreover, as civilization, cement pavements, office buildings, radios have overwhelmed us, the need for regeneration has increased, and the impulses are even stronger.''' ,'''The Ritz Hotel has never yet provided game of such wondrous flavor as the bird plucked and half-cooked over the small boys' camp fire.''' ,'''There is no employing class, no working class, no farming class. You may pigeonhole a man or woman as a farmer or a worker or a professional man or an employer or even a banker. But the son of the farmer will be a doctor or a worker or even a banker, and his daughter a teacher. The son of a worker will be an employer - or maybe president.''' ,'''Wisdom oft times consists of knowing what to do next.''' ,'''The New Deal repudiation of democracy has left the Republican Party alone the guardian of the Ark of the Covenant with its charter of freedom.''' ,'''Competition is not only the basis of protection to the consumer, but is the incentive to progress.''' ,'''All men are equal before fish.''' ,'''The thing I enjoyed most were visits from children. They did not want public office.''' ,'''The great liability of the engineer compared to men of other professions is that his works are out in the open where all can see them. His acts, step by step, are in hard substance. He cannot bury his mistakes in the grave like the doctors. He cannot argue them into thin air or blame the judge like the lawyers.''' ,'''Children are our most valuable natural resource.''' ,'''Peace can be promoted by the limitation of arms and by the creation of the instrumentality for peaceful settlement of controversies. But it will become a reality only through self-restraint and active effort in friendliness and helpfulness.''' ,'''When all the routines and details and the human bores get on our nerves, we just yearn to go away from here to somewhere else. To go fishing is a sound, a valid, and an accepted reason for an escape. It requires no explanation.''' ,'''We have not yet reached the goal but... we shall soon, with the help of God, be in sight of the day when poverty shall be banished from this nation.''' ,'''In America today, we are nearer a final triumph over poverty than is any other land.''' ,'''A good many things go around in the dark besides Santa Claus.''' ,'''The pause between the errors and trials of the day and the hopes of the night.''' ,'''I'm the only person of distinction who has ever had a depression named for him.''' ,'''America - a great social and economic experiment, noble in motive and far-reaching in purpose.''' ,'''It is a paradox that every dictator has climbed to power on the ladder of free speech. Immediately on attaining power each dictator has suppressed all free speech except his own.''' ,'''There are only two occasions when Americans respect privacy, especially in Presidents. Those are prayer and fishing.''' ,'''America means far more than a continent bounded by two oceans. It is more than pride of military power, glory in war, or in victory. It means more than vast expanse of farms, of great factories or mines, magnificent cities, or millions of automobiles and radios.''' ,'''Upon the farm of the uncle with whom I lived, we did know of the mortgage as some dreadful damper on youthful hopes of things that could not be bought. I do have a vivid recollection that the major purpose of a farm was to produce a living right on the spot for the family.''' ,'''When we are sick, we want an uncommon doctor; when we have a construction job to do, we want an uncommon engineer, and when we are at war, we want an uncommon general. It is only when we get into politics that we are satisfied with the common man.''' ,'''Peace is not made at the council table or by treaties, but in the hearts of men.''' ,'''I am no supporter of factory labor for children, but I have never joined with those who clamored against proper work of children on farms outside their school hours.''' ,'''The opportunities of America opened out to me the public schools. They carried me to the professional training of an American university. I began by working with my own hands for my daily bread.''' ,'''While the crash only took place six months ago, I am convinced we have now passed the worst, and with continued unity of effort, we shall rapidly recover. There is one certainty of the future of a people of the resources, intelligence and character of the people of the United States - that is, prosperity.''' ,'''Self-government does not and should not imply the use of political agencies alone. Progress is born of cooperation in the community - not from governmental restraints.''' ,'''Once upon a time my political opponents honored me as possessing the fabulous intellectual and economic power by which I created a worldwide depression all by myself.''' ,'''About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.''' ,'''Democracy is not static. It is a living force. Every new idea, every new invention offers opportunity for both good and evil.''' ,'''It is just as important that business keep out of government as that government keep out of business.''' ,'''Within the soul of America is freedom of mind and spirit in man. Here alone are the open windows through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit. Here alone is human dignity not a dream but an accomplishment. Perhaps it is not perfect, but it is more full in realization here than any other place in the world.''' ,'''At 17, I went to Stanford University to study engineering. My time was occupied with the required reading and the extracurricular duties of managing the baseball and football teams and earning my way.''' ,'''No public man can be just a little crooked.''' ,'''I am proud to have been born in Iowa. Through the eyes of a ten-year-old boy, it was a place of adventure and daily discoveries - the wonder of the growing crops, the excitements of the harvest, the journeys to the woods for nuts and hunting, the joys of snowy winters, the comfort of the family fireside, of good food and tender care.''' ,'''The engineer performs many public functions from which he gets only philosophical satisfactions. Most people do not know it, but he is an economic and social force.''' ,'''Those who have a true understanding of America know that we have no desire for territorial expansion, for economic or other domination of other peoples. Such purposes are repugnant to our ideals of human freedom.''' ,'''Freedom is the open window through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit and human dignity.''' ,'''My earliest realization of the stir of national life was the torch parade in the Garfield campaign. On that occasion, I was not only allowed out that night, but I saw the lamps being filled and lighted.''' ,'''Blessed are the young for they shall inherit the national debt.''' ,'''Free government is the most difficult of all government. But it is everlastingly true that the plain people will make fewer mistakes than any other group of men, no matter how powerful.''' ,'''Words without actions are the assassins of idealism.''' ,'''Prosperity cannot be restored by raids upon the public Treasury.''' ,'''The slogan of progress is changing from the full dinner pail to the full garage.''' ,'''Public health service should be as fully organized and as universally incorporated into our governmental system as is public education. The returns are a thousand fold in economic benefits, and infinitely more in reduction of suffering and promotion of human happiness.''' ,'''It is the youth who must inherit the tribulation, the sorrow... that are the aftermath of war.''' ,'''If the law is upheld only by government officials, then all law is at an end.''' ,'''With impressive proof on all sides of magnificent progress, no one can rightly deny the fundamental correctness of our economic system.''' ,'''New discoveries in science will continue to create a thousand new frontiers for those who still would adventure.''' ,'''Let me remind you that credit is the lifeblood of business, the lifeblood of prices and jobs.''' ,'''No greater nor more affectionate honor can be conferred on an American than to have a public school named after him.''' ,'''Fishing is much more than fish. It is the great occasion when we may return to the fine simplicity of our forefathers.''' ,'''When there is a lack of honor in government, the morals of the whole people are poisoned.''' ,]
+++