+++
author = "Kim Woo-Bin"
title = "Kim Woo-Bin Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Kim Woo-Bin Quotes"
keywords = "kim woo-bin,kim woo-bin quotes,kim woo-bin quote,kim woo-bin sayings,kim woo-bin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''From the traditional point of view, I am not handsome.''' ,'''My parents say to cherish the people around me, and I try to meet their satisfaction by maintaining a long relationship with people I meet.''' ,'''I usually like listening to music that only have melodies and no lyrics.''' ,'''I was a rather quiet student, studying hard. Once, I was ranked fifth in a school exam out of everyone in the same grade.''' ,'''Outwardly, it might seem that I like to go out a lot, but I like quiet days at home more.''' ,'''After I got popular, my company gave me a new car. It's not a personal car, but for schedule purposes. It's a little bigger than a Carnival. It even plays TV and DVD!''' ,'''I have been a huge fan of G-Dragon for a long time, but I felt a bit hesitant to talk to him.''' ,'''I should be careful to women, but I say, 'I love you,' a lot to my parents and people, whether they are men or women.''' ,'''I really like unhealthy food, so I eat a lot of fast food. I also like Chinese.''' ,'''I said I wanted to be a model when I was in middle school. Everyone close to me raised doubts except for my parents. My parents trusted me and gave me full support.''' ,'''There are many things that only teenagers can do. Many things that they learn while they are teenagers will become important tools for them after they grow up, and I hope teenagers would make choices that they will not regret in the future.''' ,'''There is a big dining table at In Sung hyung's house. That's our hangout spot, and we drink teas and chat.''' ,'''I started studying acting to become a better model. But, in the course of doing so, I found myself feeling the same thrill and enthusiasm that I felt the first time I came to walk on the runway.''' ,'''I used to fill my stomach with water because I didn't have money to pay for food.''' ,'''Love always comes up to my mind when I think about my parents.''' ,'''Before I started my modeling career at 20, I used to replay fashion show videos on-line and study how famous models walk and pose on runways.''' ,'''I'm not a good singer.''' ,'''I don't have high standards in taste; I prefer soju over wine.''' ,'''I don't even sing in front of really close friends. It's embarrassing. I don't really sing when I'm alone, either. I just hum enjoyably.''' ,'''I listen to songs that are usually on the music charts.''' ,'''My favorite phrase is, 'God only gives struggles to people who can overcome it.' I saw it in a book, and it helped me out so much.''' ,'''When people give me the choice to either sing or dance, I'd rather dance than sing.''' ,'''When I first came to Seoul to start model work, I felt bad asking for financial support from my parents, so I lived in the sauna for about six months.''' ,'''Expressing myself is one of my strengths.''' ,]
+++