+++
author = "Asma Jahangir"
title = "Asma Jahangir Quotes"
quotes_len = "74"
description = "the best 74 Asma Jahangir Quotes"
keywords = "asma jahangir,asma jahangir quotes,asma jahangir quote,asma jahangir sayings,asma jahangir saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''However flawed democracy is, it is still the only answer.''' ,'''One example that has hurt me is that of Aung San Suu Kyi. I admire her a lot, but her unwillingness to protect the Rohingiya Muslims shows how intolerance has seeped into politics and the level at which it has seeped. It immobilises politicians.''' ,'''If state protects the rights of people, they start respecting the state.''' ,'''I've been jailed once, put in police lock-up twice, and was under house arrest twice.''' ,'''We eat, drink, and sleep religion, but we do not do good.''' ,'''Terrorism does not disappear with revenge tactics but through making justice and equality before law a reality.''' ,'''Fortunately, when Benazir Bhutto was prime minister, she banned public whipping of women - banned whipping of women, period, which is a marvelous thing she did.''' ,'''Women's rights was thought of as a Western concept. Now people do talk about women's rights - political parties talk about it, even religious parties talk about it.''' ,'''When there is oppression and dictatorship, by not speaking out, we lose our dignity.''' ,'''I am certainly not a martyr kind of a person. I love my life. But if one has to, then there is nothing more nobler a cause that I can think of.''' ,'''Duplicity in matters of religion is not confined to Pakistan, but it hurts the most in societies where debate on religion is asphyxiated and preachers of hate have become keepers of faith.''' ,'''Every fair-minded person holding a position of authority must support the few who have stood up against the injustice being perpetrated in the name of blasphemy.''' ,'''I have noticed encouraging signs in the fight against religious intolerance, and I am impressed by the outstanding degree of human rights activism in India.''' ,'''I had been very impressed with the courts we visited to see my father. The judges wearing wigs, the lawyers, the legal arguments - it was all exciting stuff for a kid.''' ,'''The morality of a society is not judged by the behaviour of an oppressed class but by the rules and laws made by the state, which either protect or exploit an already depressed section of society.''' ,'''A woman's whole life is spent making chicken curry while her husband works. Then, any time he likes, he can kick her out.''' ,'''I don't care what America and Africa think; I am only concerned that the people of this country should be saved from its Army.''' ,'''I don't need a certificate of my patriotism from those in the establishment.''' ,'''Even before his detention, my father was fighting many cases. He remained in jail in Multan. He remained in jail in Bannu. But we were not allowed to go see him there. We always saw him in courts. So for me, the courts were a place where you dressed up to see your father. It had a very nice feeling to it.''' ,'''In bonded labour cases, judges would ask me why I had brought those people to the courts who stank. 'You are here precisely for them,' I would respond.''' ,'''There used to be very few women in prisons, but this changed with the introduction of the hudood laws.''' ,'''I'm not fearful for myself, because I've seen adversity, and I can see it again. But I feel very upset and anguished when I see images of young lawyers beaten up.''' ,'''Attempts are being made to turn Pakistan into a security state. If they succeed they should better rename it 'ISIstan.'''' ,'''She is absolutely inspiring. Malala is a vindication of our struggle.''' ,'''Organized groups claiming roots in religious ideologies have unleashed an all-pervasive fear of mob violence in many parts of the country.''' ,'''I think I have lived enough in this country where I can say what I think is true and which is the voice of my conscience.''' ,'''As a lawyer, many a time I took up difficult and sensitive cases dealing with minorities' and women's rights. Yes, I constantly receive threats, and to be very honest, at times it is very scary. But I have to continue my work.''' ,'''I have protection. I have police protection. I have personal bodyguards. I have three sets of them. But believe me, this is really psychological for the family. If they want to get me, they can get me. And every time that I have been saved, it's been by coincidence.''' ,'''It is not easy for the courts to control the intelligence agencies. There has to be concerted and coordinated effort on part of the courts, the parliament, and the government.''' ,'''There was a time that human rights was not even an issue in this country. Then prisoners' rights became an issue.''' ,'''We want a country which is not isolated and where democracy rules.''' ,'''Terrorism and religious extremism are huge challenges. They go hand in glove.''' ,'''Good or bad people can be democratically elected, but it is always easy to fight for human rights under this system.''' ,'''A really responsible court will never give an order it knows will not be implemented.''' ,'''To set a trap for a handful of promiscuous individuals, the Zina law has laid a minefield for women in difficult circumstances.''' ,'''We never learnt the right lessons. We never went to the root of the problem. Once you start politicising religion, you play with fire and get burnt as well. Another lesson we did not learn is that Muslims are not homogenous.''' ,'''We may fight terrorism through brute force, but the terror that is unleashed in the name of religion can only be challenged through moral courage.''' ,'''I am so proud of Pakistanis and specifically of our lawyers for speaking out and getting their heads bashed in for a better Pakistan.''' ,'''The interaction between human rights campaigners from Pakistan and India was a big taboo in the 1980s. When we started traveling to India to increase people-to-people contact between the two nations, we knew that we would face serious repercussions back home.''' ,'''Agencies must know who they are accountable to. If the agencies know who they are accountable to but we cannot say who they are accountable to, then really it is a very sad situation that is bound to be misused. It is bound to affect human rights.''' ,'''Yes, I am very unhappy, extremely anguished at human rights violations against Kashmiris in India or against Rohingyas in Burma or, for that matter, Christians in Orissa; but obviously, I am going to be more concerned of violations taking place in my own house because I am closer to the people who I live with. I have more passion for them.''' ,'''I have no illusions about our elected politicians. Pakistani democracy is anything but perfect.''' ,'''The way my father worked altruistically and the manner in which he used to go behind bars and come back home smilingly was inspirational.''' ,'''We are so resilient as a people. I have so much respect for their dignity and courage. I hope the world sees this side of Pakistan, one where professionals want a democracy. The spirit of our intelligentsia cannot be broken.''' ,'''I cannot bear to live where there is so much injustice and I cannot do something about it. What kind of a torturous life is that?''' ,'''While speaking in the NA, one must maintain respect.''' ,'''Every religion curbs women rights to some extent. Some countries acted against religions and put a ban on wearing hijab, which was also a violation of human rights.''' ,'''When the Bangladesh war happened, people in Pakistan who did not support it were called unpatriotic. My father was in the jail at that time, and a lot of those who knew my family used to call us children of a traitor.''' ,'''There are some societies where women are not even allowed to drive a car, and that restriction is based in the name of religion and tradition. There are other countries where a woman can be punished if she does not cover her head.''' ,'''I suppose anyone who calls a dictator a dictator is 'dangerous' and 'imbalanced.'''' ,'''I would simply not compromise on the fundamental rights of people.''' ,'''Crime takes place in every country. But it becomes abuse when the state is unwilling and unable to protect the life and honour of its citizens.''' ,'''We have the tendency of over-legislation regarding women.''' ,'''I had to face imprisonment and house arrests, but it made me tougher.''' ,'''Everything is a risk in Pakistan: If you defend women, it's a risk. If you defend non-Muslims it's a risk. If you discuss religion, it's a risk. But you can't really sit there like a vegetable in your own society. And I'm committed to that society... and I feel I need to turn around and speak as I should.''' ,'''We believe that when there is a democratic setup, we have a greater voice.''' ,'''Musharraf's government has a civilian face - there are still elections and assemblies - and he has come to believe his own propaganda that he really is a democrat.''' ,'''My family has equally suffered abductions, attacks and life threats, but I have continued my struggle for justice.''' ,'''Even when we talked about child labor, we were frowned upon. But then you know that you have to speak the truth irrespective of the repercussions.''' ,'''The Musharraf government has declared martial law to settle scores with lawyers and judges. Hundreds of innocent Pakistanis have been rounded up. Human rights activists, including women and senior citizens, have been beaten by police. Judges have been arrested and lawyers battered in their offices and the streets.''' ,'''Look at the world, all the suffering... Being under house arrest is the least I can sacrifice.''' ,'''Past experience has shown that the Islamists gain space when civilian authority weakens.''' ,'''Divorce is the cheapest thing in Pakistan. About 30 cents. Cheaper than fish and chips. I've had clients married to very rich men for 40 years, then turned out on the road with nothing.''' ,'''My father was jailed off and on for seven years.''' ,'''If your people don't really believe or respect you, if you don't have the moral authority to rule, then your goose is cooked.''' ,'''General Zia-ul-Haq, a dictator and unscrupulous political actor, used Islam as a pretext for waging war in Afghanistan and adopting an aggressive stance towards India. By advancing a more orthodox version of Islam, he was able to hold on to a repressive regime and quell any opposition.''' ,'''The state has not only the obligation to stay neutral in matters of religion but also to ensure that freedom of thought and conscience of all individuals is protected.''' ,'''The Army is into every business in this country. Except hairdressing.''' ,'''In 1986, Pakistan got the blasphemy law. So, while we had just two cases of blasphemy before that year, now we have thousands. It shows that one should be careful while bringing religion into legislation, because the law itself can become an instrument of persecution.''' ,'''There have always been difficult situations for activists in Pakistan. In the 1960s, people fought for linguistic and ethnic rights in relation to the Bangladesh movement and the struggle of the people in the western Balochistan province.''' ,'''When General Musharraf took over, the Bar Association was among the first of some of the institutions that said they would not accept the Musharraf regime.''' ,'''The world has to have zero tolerance for naked dictatorship.''' ,'''People send their kids to law school to uphold the rule of law - not to fight in the streets for justice and not to be beaten up.''' ,'''Religiosity is suffocating in Pakistan. It invariably stokes the fire in driving society to religious extremism.''' ,]
+++