+++
author = "Martin Brodeur"
title = "Martin Brodeur Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Martin Brodeur Quotes"
keywords = "martin brodeur,martin brodeur quotes,martin brodeur quote,martin brodeur sayings,martin brodeur saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For me, it's not a struggle to go out and play hockey. Under pressure, I feel it to a certain extent... but, I'm not scared of it.''' ,'''When kids want a picture or autograph, you reflect later on and realize you did something good. Then you see them come back five years later, they're all grown up, have their own lives and they tell you how much you inspired them. You're like, 'Whoa.'''' ,'''In New Jersey, you're able to live your life.''' ,'''It's kind of funny the way it happened - the way I became a goalie. I was playing forward on this one team when I was little, and there was another team that needed a backup goalie. I mean, to me it just meant a chance to play more hockey, so I was all for it.''' ,'''Every year you go out and there are teams you have success against and there are teams that are a little tougher.''' ,'''I think if you want to be a successful president or a manager of a team, you need to understand what the business is all about because you have to deal with the business side of the game to be able to do what you need to do.''' ,'''I try to eat a lot of carbs, especially the day of the game, because it fills you up. I have my breakfast and I have a huge lunch before I play. For me it's always having pasta and chicken to get some protein in me, so I don't play on an empty stomach at night. The day before a game it's high protein, mostly, with fish or steak, but nothing crazy.''' ,'''Patrick Roy was my idol when I was growing up.''' ,'''I've always played hockey to win, not to get shutouts.''' ,'''Yes, there's Montreal, but my real home, where my kids were born, where I became a citizen of this country, is New Jersey.''' ,'''Hockey is just a game.''' ,'''There is no way I could've been so durable playing in the Western Conference. The travel is nuts.''' ,'''People should realize my job is not as tough as a forward playing 80 games and getting hit every day.''' ,'''Terry Sawchuk is an icon in our profession.''' ,'''My dad would talk to players like Claude Lemieux and Stephane Richer and tell them one day his son was going to play in the NHL. How many dads say the same thing? But, gee, he was right.''' ,'''Coming from Montreal, Patrick Roy was the guy that everybody looked up to. He was consistent and successful early in his career; he won the Stanley Cup when he was really young and he played with a great organization. For me it was also a French thing, like one of us had made it that big in the NHL, and you tried to follow in his footsteps.''' ,'''I hate not playing. That's the bottom line.''' ,'''After his hockey days, my dad became a photographer, and a really good one, at that. He used to shoot the Expos and Canadiens, and he'd give me five bucks to haul around his equipment during games. He never had to ask me twice to do it.''' ,'''It's amazing what the power of sport does for children and communities.''' ,'''I'm just a hockey player. I want to play every day.''' ,'''I was fortunate to have talent, play on a good team and make the NHL.''' ,'''Growing up in Quebec, we were always playing sports. Your first athletic competition was against the kids living on your block.''' ,'''When I get scored on or something doesn't go my way, I think of what I'm able to do and I'm reminded that I'm capable of doing it. I'm honest about myself - I know I'm not going to stop everything, so I don't try for perfection. I'm going to try to get there, but I know I'll never be perfect. I think that helps me to deal with everything.''' ,'''In New Jersey, we won in '95, but after that for four years we never had a sniff at it. The next thing you know we went on a run of three Stanley Cup Finals in four years in 2000, 2001 and 2003.''' ,'''I think my mom is the person that holds the family together. For birthdays, for the holidays or whatever, everything has to go through my mom. She's the one reminding us about everything that's going on in the family, she's in touch with everybody while we're on our own doing our things.''' ,'''Winning is what I need, and winning is what the team needs.''' ,'''There's a lot of guys that are able to perform for a short period of time. It could be a week, it could be a month, it could be two months, it could be one season. It's doing it over and over. And being consistent was something that watching Patrick Roy all these years, that's what he was. He never had down years.''' ,'''I never won a Vezina Trophy until I won the Olympic gold medal.''' ,'''My dad took a lot of pride in what he did for a living.''' ,'''I was fortunate to play on great teams that allowed me to play with my own personality, which is so important to a goaltender.''' ,'''Getting into the Hall is such an honor. It's like the dessert of your career. The Hall is the top of the mountain.''' ,'''When you play hockey, you don't realize how much it takes to put a team together and the business people around the team, what they do to get the franchise to the next level.''' ,'''For some reason, people think goalies need their rest.''' ,'''The thing about hockey for me is I'm really competitive and I like to have fun.''' ,'''I've played golf everywhere in New Jersey. People are nice to me. It's great.''' ,'''In life, nothing is always fun.''' ,'''I didn't take any shortcuts for my success, that's for sure.''' ,'''When I got drafted I just wanted to play one game in the NHL. I didn't really care anything about winning.''' ,'''It's a dream come true to be part of an NHL team, to be a regular in the NHL, to live the life, to make the money and do all that stuff.''' ,'''I think I was just really comfortable in my goalie equipment, just being in the net and being by myself for 60 minutes and talking to myself sometimes.''' ,'''There's so much of a rivalry there, the Devils and Rangers.''' ,'''I watch a lot of tapes, a lot of games, all the replays. You watch the highlights on TV, those are all about goals getting scored or big saves. So you just look and see what guys do and how they're successful, and sometimes I see something and I go, Wow, that could work for me.''' ,'''Hockey's fun.''' ,'''I couldn't care less lots of times about getting scored on late in a game because it would affect my goals-against average or my save percentage.''' ,'''When you have a little success you let up a little bit.''' ,'''My dad used to be a goalie. He actually won a bronze medal with Team Canada in 1956.''' ,'''Coaching was something I've never had much interest in. I've always been a big-picture guy, like a manager has to be.''' ,'''I played hockey with the best of them.''' ,'''For me, my hockey career is all about the Devils.''' ,'''When you're a kid you always played to win a Stanley Cup in the streets or on the outdoor rinks, and when you do it for real, it's a pretty cool moment, it's something that I'm always going to remember.''' ,'''I know there is a lot of pressure on a goalie, a lot of responsibilities, but if you add on to yourself more than you need to, it makes it harder to deal with the adversity.''' ,'''You're paid to perform. There is an outcome to a game and it doesn't matter how many goals you score. If you don't win, you don't have a good time.''' ,'''You have to go through some adversity to be able to be successful.''' ,'''Photography was a big part of our family.''' ,'''You go through playoff series and people forget about them. Nobody forgets about a Rangers-Devils series. It's demanding.''' ,'''I wasn't ready to get drafted in the first round.''' ,'''I wanted to be consistent in my career and not have an off year. I wanted to play well and be on top of things.''' ,'''It's just part of me, playing the puck.''' ,'''My durability is just something I took a lot of pride in, that I was able to play 70 games over and over and over and they add up to 1,200-and-something games, plus the playoff games, plus whatever.''' ,'''If you play hockey, you might as well win.''' ,'''Every Christmas we went to my parents' cottage. My big brother would bring his buddies around, and we would play hockey games in the driveway.''' ,'''I love being part of a team.''' ,'''My life was going to school, having a snack and going outside to play hockey until dinner time. I would then do my homework and go back out to play, but only if the Canadiens weren't playing that night. That's what I did every day, whether it was street hockey or pond hockey.''' ,'''You act in different ways for your own personal well-being, and you don't think about the people you hurt along the way. wish I would have thought about it.''' ,'''When I got the call of being drafted by the Devils, I was in shock more than anything. I didn't have a clue where New Jersey was, but it was just nice to be taken in the first round and nice to know where my future would be, which organization I was going to be a part of.''' ,'''It's a big step to be drafted. Ultimately, it's everybody's dream. That's where you start thinking about making the team, maybe about winning the Stanley Cup.''' ,'''If I'm not going to play a lot I'd like to have a chance to win every time I jump between the pipes.''' ,'''Winning makes coaches, teammates, owners, fans all happy... I didn't care if we win 7-6 as long as we win.''' ,'''Competition, for me, is healthy.''' ,'''I had never won anything until I won my first Stanley Cup.''' ,'''When you play hockey, it's a team game, and when I win, everyone around me is happy. I was able to make my teammates, the organization, my fans, happy 691 times during the regular season.''' ,'''I think the NHL has done a great job of building the sport as far as getting the people's attention and letting them know what's going on in hockey - especially when the powers meet each other.''' ,'''There are good people here in the Midwest. That's for sure.''' ,'''The Montreal Canadiens have been a big part of my family.''' ,'''Before I played in the NHL I had two surgeries. Definitely I was like, 'Wow, this is not good. I haven't played a game yet and I have two surgeries.' I didn't get another one ever again. I was fortunate.''' ,'''I was fortunate to be part of great teams that had success, and I was part of great teams that didn't have success.''' ,'''Well, as a player you try to learn how to win, and when you get exposed to success there's also disappointment that comes along the way. So it becomes about how you deal with the ups and downs.''' ,'''It's a lot of hard work to be a manager or a coach. But as players, we had to have a good work ethic to be good, and we can use that trait in management or as a coach.''' ,'''Growing up, I'd never play goalie in street hockey or at shinny. I liked playing out. So the entire time I played goal, I liked handling the puck better than most.''' ,'''It's almost mind-boggling how time flies.''' ,'''Every time I have a chance I'm going to make a pass to one of my players in practice. Every time I have a chance I'm going to clear the puck just to see how far I'm going to be able to shoot it.''' ,'''You compare a goalie position to a quarterback to a pitcher. You're going to make that decision of what's gonna happen to you. They're a high-pressure position. They're fun just for that.''' ,'''I practiced and played a certain way that kept my body limber. That's probably why I never got hurt.''' ,'''I've tried so far to learn as much as possible. I think I've got a good grasp of what a hockey GM needs to do.''' ,'''I've tried to incorporate new ways of playing the game. That's why you hear people call me a 'hybrid goalie' and say I adjust to the situation, never doing the same thing over and over like a butterfly goalie. I try to see what works and hopefully with my talent I'm able to play it and make it happen.''' ,'''The most important record is the wins record that I have.''' ,'''I'm a regular hockey guy.''' ,'''I like to play the puck. I like to be creative a little bit around my net, and now it's been taken away.''' ,'''It takes a special individual to be a coach to pay attention to all that bad stuff and keep people accountable.''' ,'''As a player you get to meet Hall of Fame members and now to have my name in the same sentence makes me speechless.''' ,'''Playing for Canada changed my career.''' ,'''Sometimes as a goalie, it doesn't matter how good you are, everything has to fall right for you.''' ,'''I'm just glad that people think I'm good. The other way around would not be fun!''' ,'''I'd never be a jerk with my teammates because I know I need them to be successful.''' ,'''I loved the city of St. Louis.''' ,'''Every team writes its own story.''' ,'''On the personal level, it's hard for a goalie. You don't get awards for save percentage or anything like that. Your work is really put into how many wins you can get, how many times you can get your team in the playoffs and all that. So I took a lot of pride in winning.''' ,'''I'm a guy that wanted to have fun. When I look back at all the wins I had, I must have had a lot of fun playing the game and made people happy.''' ,'''You learn from your mistakes and you learn from your failures. It's how you get up that defines you to a certain extent.''' ,'''I don't know where sports in general will go. But when I grew up, you just played the sport. Parents just wanted to make sure that you were happy doing something.''' ,]
+++