+++
author = "Qandeel Baloch"
title = "Qandeel Baloch Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Qandeel Baloch Quotes"
keywords = "qandeel baloch,qandeel baloch quotes,qandeel baloch quote,qandeel baloch sayings,qandeel baloch saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Pakistan is a free country, so according to me, in a free country, it's every right of the citizen to live the way they wish.''' ,'''I want to give my followers a positive message. I want to give those girls a positive message who have been forcefully married, who continue to sacrifice. I want to be an example for those people. That's my aim.''' ,'''There was a time my parents never listened to me. They wouldn't have forced me into marriage had they heard me out. But now, they support me.''' ,'''My work is entertainment, and I look at what entertains people, whether it's a selfie video or a music video.''' ,'''I did a job. I completed my Matric and my Bachelors. I did a marketing job. I worked as a bus hostess. I did a lot of jobs; I struggled a lot. I got out from there. The first thing I did when I got out of Darul Aman was my Matric. Then I did my Bachelors privately; I kept doing it.''' ,'''I have already applied to the Home Ministry for security. So far, I have got nothing. For security, I am staying underground.''' ,'''At least international media can see how I am trying to change the typical orthodox mindset of people who don't want to come out of their shells of false beliefs and old practices.''' ,'''I don't know how many girls have felt support through my persona. I'm a girl power. So many girls tell me I'm a girl power, and yes, I am.''' ,'''I have no interest that I go to India or go to Hollywood or Bollywood. I'm not interested. I am a social media sensation. This is what I like.''' ,'''I am facing threats. But I believe that death is preordained - when you are meant to die, you will die.''' ,'''It's time to bring a change because the world is changing. Let's open our minds and live in present.''' ,'''My aim is to change the social norms of Pakistan; women here look up to me. I started very early, worked on myself, and the effect is for all to see.''' ,'''It was about 2012, 2013. I started from zero. Small fashion shows, small photoshoots. I've seen a lot. I've seen a lot of things up close. I married my sister off; I gave jahez for her wedding. I tried to keep relations going with my family. I bought a house for them in Multan. My parents are settled in Multan; my house is there.''' ,'''I want to create a platform for those people who want to come to this field. These people will face hurdles and problems that don't allow them to show their talent. So I want to make a platform that they can easily access, and then, at least, they won't be a victim of these problems.''' ,'''Media is not supporting me. They're saying that I want to marry Imran Khan, but I'm already married. This is wrong. What about my self-worth? My identity? I am a social media sensation. I am a fashion icon.''' ,'''Nothing is good in this society. This patriarchal society is bad.''' ,'''It was my wish since I was a child to become something, to be able to stand on my own two feet, to do something for myself.''' ,'''I've fought with everyone . And now I have become so headstrong that I only do what I want.''' ,'''I tried it, but frankly, I don't know how to twerk.''' ,'''Many said I am not a Baloch and I have nothing to do with the community; in general, the feeling is that I am doing everything to bring shame to Pakistan. But I will not stop.''' ,'''I am not hungry for roles on TV or in films. I am happy being a social media sensation.''' ,'''What do you think will happen in a forced marriage? With an uneducated man, an animal. What would I say, that I am already married? Why would I say it? I never accepted him as my husband in my heart or mind. How I spent a year and a half with him, only I know. And I only did it because of the child.''' ,'''Love me or hate me, both are in my favour. If you love me, I will always be in your heart, and if you hate me, I will be in your mind.''' ,'''I was 17 when I was forced into marriage. I had no hand in it, and I didn't even enjoy being with the man. Also, I wanted to study, but no one listened to me. I wanted to move forward in life, it wasn't a happy situation. Because of some family problems, I had to stick around.''' ,'''Please don't compare me with Taher Shah. He is a joker, while I am an artiste - I am a model and an actress. Taher Shah comes, makes people laugh, and goes away. I work with a lot of honesty.''' ,]
+++