+++
author = "Ronnie Radke"
title = "Ronnie Radke Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Ronnie Radke Quotes"
keywords = "ronnie radke,ronnie radke quotes,ronnie radke quote,ronnie radke sayings,ronnie radke saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We at Hoods Up aren't just about celebrities. I am a huge fan of a lot of artists and actors, although I don't feel it is necessary to put it on them to help sell the brand. It would an honor if anyone were to wear it, celebrity or not.''' ,'''No one should do drugs thinking that they will make a great record. That's not the way to go, for sure.''' ,'''I'm not Mr. Goody-Good or anything, but I'm not stupid.''' ,'''My dad raised me on metal, but my first serious love was hip-hop.''' ,'''I feel the world is over-saturated with products, and it isn't about what you're wearing as much as it is about what message you are trying to convey.''' ,'''Stay away from those who would hang around you and drink and do drugs. Drugs are not the answer, because you have to remain focused. There is a lot to be had within music, but you have to stay focused.''' ,'''I think sober is the new black. That's the cool thing now. I'm trying to make it the cool thing.''' ,'''I just feel that I need to set my kid's future as best as I can and my family's future and my friends' future as well.''' ,'''I don't think many people get second chances when it comes to the music scene.''' ,'''I stick to myself now on tours. I don't go out party, drink, smoke, do drugs. It's a dry bus. No one is allowed to bring drinks on the bus.''' ,'''Usually a video's fun, but after a while, after a couple hours it's like work because you've got to keep doing the scenes over and over and over again.''' ,'''I want to be self-made and leave a mark.''' ,'''With Escape the Fate, I was pushing for synths and keyboards and stuff, and everybody was in disagreement with that. They didn't want to do that.''' ,'''Back in the day, I don't think record labels were looking at Las Vegas too much for new acts, until the Killers came out.''' ,'''I was crazy. And I was too much of a diva. I'm glad I'm not like that anymore.''' ,'''I spent my whole musical career trying to be different and make songs that people think shouldn't go together... go together.''' ,'''I'm not disrespectful, I try to be polite.''' ,'''I've got a line called Head's Up that's street wear slash rock wear, rock and roll. Kind of a little blend of a line within a line that's very high fashion.''' ,'''Compared to other bands that have gone off the deep end with their sound, you know, I'm very confident. I did not go off the deep end; it just improved.''' ,'''By the way, the food in prison was disgusting. Like, baked beans every day for breakfast, lunch and dinner.''' ,'''Popular Monster' is the voice inside my head, hoping you will listen. It's the story of a hero that's been falsely accused and torn down by society. It shows what happens when you get pushed too far.''' ,'''I woke up one day, and for some reason all the hate and anger was gone.''' ,'''I love A Day to Remember. They really had that style down of doing heavy songs mixed with pop songs when nobody was doing that style of music.''' ,'''I didn't realize how famous I got since I went to prison. I got fan letters, but I didn't realize it blew up like that.''' ,'''I plan to take Hoods Up to another level of art once we've reached the level of doing so.''' ,'''I've always been into fashion and obscure articles of clothing, and while this first set of Hoods Up includes beanies, shorts, shirts, leggings, sweaters and duffel bags, that is only the first tier of what we are planning.''' ,'''It feels really good when you get offstage and feel like the audience gave everything they have.''' ,'''It's better to have a voice without alcohol in my system from the night before.''' ,'''I pretty much do whatever I want when it comes to music and nothing is off limits to me.''' ,'''I don't ever want to go back to prison.''' ,'''You can't take a singer out of a band that's already established and put another singer in and dress him up the exact same way and try to pull the veil over these fans' eyes.''' ,'''My life has totally changed. It's like, if someone cuts me off in traffic, I used to think about stopping and pulling them out of their car to deal with them. Now that I've got a kid, I totally re-think moments like that. There are a lot of things I can't do anymore and that's probably a good thing.''' ,]
+++