+++
author = "James Maslow"
title = "James Maslow Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 James Maslow Quotes"
keywords = "james maslow,james maslow quotes,james maslow quote,james maslow sayings,james maslow saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a lot of younger fans, obviously the choices I make often influence them. But having said that, it's kind of the best motivation in the world to stay positive and make good choices.''' ,'''I rarely use product in my hair, and when I do I have no idea which ones, nor does it matter all that much to me. And I can't remember the last time I even used a comb, much less carried one around.''' ,'''I was friends with all different people and all different groups. And that led me to being friends with a few people who didn't even go to my school. Now I have the most amazing collection of friends of all ethnic backgrounds and upbringing and financial backgrounds.''' ,'''I tend to stay healthy because I've been eating right and exercising. It makes life so much easier when you're healthy. I also like to challenge myself by making my own physical goals and beating them.''' ,'''Singing is what got me into everything and made me fall in love with this industry.''' ,'''Look, every guy is nervous when they talk to girls, but I find that little bit of nervousness to be kind of fun.''' ,'''Even if you have just half an hour, you can get a good workout. So I try to make it count no matter where I am.''' ,'''Besides writing music and surfing, I like to simply chill with my friends. Watching movies and going out to eat are often my prime choices for a day off.''' ,'''I think most of my songs are based on an emotion and in every song I write, there's at least a partial truth.''' ,'''I like people in general, which is why it's fun for me to interact with my fans.''' ,'''I would like to attend college in the future when I have time. I have always been interested in architecture, so perhaps I would pursue a degree in that or business.''' ,'''I enjoy running, especially in a new city, so when I'm on tour that's always a good option.''' ,'''Both singing and acting are so rewarding that I couldn't pick between the two.''' ,'''One thing I love is to do children's hospital visits.''' ,'''I'd love to open up sessions at a Boys and Girls Club or something where kids can learn nutrition and how to exercise in a fun way. Especially for young guys. I'd love to be an inspiration.''' ,]
+++