+++
author = "Margaret Brennan"
title = "Margaret Brennan Quotes"
quotes_len = "57"
description = "the best 57 Margaret Brennan Quotes"
keywords = "margaret brennan,margaret brennan quotes,margaret brennan quote,margaret brennan sayings,margaret brennan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew up with very much an appreciation of the creative side of things, but always knowing how much Wall Street, finance and economics really powered everything else, whether it's politics or the art world.''' ,'''You know, TV, by nature is a collaborative process.''' ,'''Fundamentally, the office of the presidency and its very first responsibility is to protect us as Americans and tell us how that commander in chief is going to execute on it.''' ,'''In college, I was in the debating society - this total nerd.''' ,'''I lived in Manhattan for 12 years and grew up outside New York City, so that was definitely how I saw the center of the world.''' ,'''My husband and I do love a really great red wine.''' ,'''Growing up I was a competitive Irish step dancer.''' ,'''Davos is about connecting the dots. It is a networking event and I mean that with the very best intention.''' ,'''No one really speaks for the president other than the president.''' ,'''As a member of the often maligned fourth estate, it is so refreshing to have a conversation instead of a buttoned up interview in a stifling studio.''' ,'''On 'Face The Nation,' we can have extended conversations with the president and senators and you need more than just a three minute segment.''' ,'''Our country needs more people who listen, think for themselves, and treat each other with respect.''' ,'''Having traders elbow you while you are doing live TV is a good education in something.''' ,'''I've noticed something happens when you take the masters of the universe outside of their home turf. They breathe.''' ,'''There's really no substitute for being able to sit across from someone, have eye contact, see and read their body language, hear the inflection in their voice in a real way.''' ,'''I'm vegetarian and my husband is not, so the one kind of commonality in our palate is that we both love spicy food.''' ,'''Face the Nation' is a brand, a mantle, and it's a responsibility to continue to uphold, and to protect. My job is to maintain the brand, grow the brand, and along with our executive producer Mary Hager, help bring the brand along without in any way devaluing the trust that people have bestowed on us over the years.''' ,'''CNBC really did dominate. Could I have stayed there and continued doing what I was doing? Yes. I had been there for seven years and I was looking for an opportunity to help me grow in immediate terms.''' ,'''What people want on a Sunday morning is not to be in the breaking news fray. They want someone to call hits and misses, and to bring context and perspective and to be even-handed.''' ,'''I think figuring out how to do the best job you can, because frankly, no matter what gender you are - in television news - you're all measured by the same thing: which is the news you make or break, and the ratings you are able to deliver. But, how the audience hears you - or how the interviewer does - is also interesting.''' ,'''When I left Sacred Heart, I definitely had the conviction of my own opinions in terms of not thinking twice to ask a question. That was key to giving me the confidence to think analytically and voice opinions and put myself out there.''' ,'''Both domestically and globally, news is breaking at an unrelenting pace. 'Face the Nation' has long been the place that viewers across the country rely on to make sense of it all by cutting through the noise to break down what matters and how it affects our daily lives.''' ,'''I studied Arabic and speak some Spanish.''' ,'''Larry Kudlow, I was a co-worker of his at CNBC.''' ,'''Most Americans travel through their TVs, not with their passports.''' ,'''A lot of the traveling that I have done is for work. I've been to spots in Afghanistan and Iraq that are lovely, too, but I wouldn't put those on travel itineraries.''' ,'''Well I started out as a dancer, so I was used to this performing - performance arts. Started out getting used to being on stage. As I got a lot older that became public speaking or debate.''' ,'''I think information lands in a different way, depending on who the conduit for that information is, who the interviewer is.''' ,'''I would love a podcast.''' ,'''On the 'Face the Nation' platform we are pretty consistently talking to White House officials most Sundays.''' ,'''I believe that having conversations about difficult things is a part of a process and that it should happen. You don't avoid it because it's difficult. And you're not dividing more by having a respectful conversation.''' ,'''When you cover someone day in and day out, you start observing their habits or how and when they respond well.''' ,'''I do believe there's a hunger in this country to have a civil conversation and to listen to each other again and that's what we try to do. That's what I try to do.''' ,'''I like being able to sit and be outside in the sunshine with our dog.''' ,'''In the social-media environment that we're living in, everyone's got an opinion whether you want it or not. There's an extra layer to that as a female questioner.''' ,'''You just need to constantly stay flexible, re-adjust, and figure out how you get done when you need to get done in the changing environment that you're in.''' ,'''I grew up at NBC and started there right out of college. I learned producing and booking. I was on MSNBC, 'Today' and 'Nightly.' I knew everyone from every level of the company. That was a comfort level. I had a personal relationship with a lot of the editorial leadership there. It wasn't easy to leave.''' ,'''The responsibility and the blessing in many ways of a Sunday show is being able to step back and give context.''' ,'''I went to an all-girls school in Connecticut, which particularly in high school is a really formative time. This one nun would eviscerate you for raising your hands and adding some disqualifying statement - 'I could be wrong but,' or 'I don't know I might be wrong but this is what I'm thinking' - as young women often do.''' ,'''Talking points aren't going to help the viewers understand something better. They're about as useful as bumper sticker slogans.''' ,'''There is a place for the hot take. There is a place for the tweet.''' ,'''I covered financial news and Wall Street for a decade.''' ,'''I don't think physical therapy is part of most people's wedding routines.''' ,'''I graduated with a foreign affairs/Middle East studies degree with a minor in Arabic from UVA in 2002.''' ,'''If it's Sunday, I'm up at 5 A.M., in the car by 5:30, and doing television hits by 7:45.''' ,'''My husband and I got married in D.C. at the Decatur House. We met here, we got married here - our wedding pictures have the White House in the background.''' ,'''I love D.C. - people who have such cosmopolitan background, who are doing interesting things. It's a fraction of the size of Manhattan but the knowledge that people have is amazing.''' ,'''As a journalist, I fundamentally believe that keeping the public informed is an essential part of democracy.''' ,'''As a mom, I also know that many of the stories that I cover may impact our son's life in some form or another.''' ,'''If you're just inflaming your electorate, are you making anything better?''' ,'''Every single person who tries to juggle a family and their life knows all those things that pull at you.''' ,'''It's so easy to get into the hot take on Twitter, and to be able to do it in a way that gives the proper level of context and respect.''' ,'''I was hired at CNBC TV by a financial news anchor named Louis Rukeyser who had spent decades as a foreign correspondent in the Middle East. He told me I could learn the craft on the job. That was my first paid gig. Before that I was an unpaid intern at CNN in Atlanta.''' ,'''I think about some of those parents and friends of mine who have to turn their kitchen tables into home offices and school rooms and juggle that, trying to teach their kids. That's pretty hard.''' ,'''Any place can be romantic if you're there with the right person. Being able to travel well with a partner is a great read into whether you can make it as a couple.''' ,'''Traveling with my husband is great as he is a sponge for new languages and tries to learn them on our trips.''' ,'''Our children should not be told what to think but rather how to reason.''' ,]
+++