+++
author = "Darrell Royal"
title = "Darrell Royal Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Darrell Royal Quotes"
keywords = "darrell royal,darrell royal quotes,darrell royal quote,darrell royal sayings,darrell royal saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I knew that when I resigned from the University of Texas that I would never coach again.''' ,'''I was in a profession that received a lot of media.''' ,'''I never have planned a whole lot of future. It's one day at a time.''' ,'''He's not very fast, but maybe Elizabeth Taylor can't sing.''' ,'''If worms carried pistols, birds wouldn't eat 'em.''' ,'''I used to care more about the score than I do now.''' ,'''I had hoped God would be neutral.''' ,'''If everything had already been done, there would be nothing left for young people to accomplish. There are always going to be people who run faster, jump higher, dive deeper, and come up drier.''' ,'''I was still enjoying coaching, but there was a repetitious manner about it.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to suck it up and call a number.''' ,'''I do not let a bad score ruin my enjoyment for golf.''' ,'''I learned this about coaching: You don't have to explain victory and you can't explain defeat.''' ,'''For me, it is just the total experience - from the time I first started as an assistant coach until I wound up at the University of Texas for 20 years.''' ,'''But I do have time to pencil in golf, and we've got four excellent courses.''' ,'''I try not to make the same mistakes today that I made yesterday.''' ,'''I know that the odds are against a marriage lasting 60 years.''' ,'''I've enjoyed my retirement.''' ,'''All the white meat is gone. There's nothin' but necks on the platter.''' ,'''I don't count on the boy who waits till October, when it's cool and fun, then decides he wants to play.''' ,'''Football doesn't build character. It eliminates the weak ones.''' ,'''Punt returns will kill you quicker than a minnow can swim a dipper.''' ,'''You've got to think lucky. If you fall into a mudhole, check your back pocket - you might have caught a fish.''' ,'''The only thing that would change would be the year, the names. It just got to be a repetitious life.''' ,'''I'm still healthy as can be.''' ,'''If I were going to stay in coaching, I would have stayed right there because I was totally happy.''' ,'''You never lose a game if the opponent doesn't score.''' ,'''I didn't want to stay until I had used up all the enjoyment because that's too long to stay anywhere.''' ,'''I really don't have a favorite course. I usually ask where there are the least players.''' ,'''I move around and play different golf courses. I just enjoy it.''' ,'''Breaks balance out. The sun don't shine on the same ol' dog's rear end every day.''' ,'''Three things can happen when you pass and two of 'em are bad.''' ,'''I'm not bored; I'm not a guy who has nothing to do.''' ,'''I try not to play two days in succession. I usually try to space it so I have a day in between.''' ,'''Don't matter what they throw at us. Only angry people win football games.''' ,'''I have found that the players who have played in that game really do have respect for their adversaries.''' ,'''You know, a football coach is nothing more than a teacher. You teach them the same subject, and you have a group of new guys every year.''' ,'''When I was a freshman at Oklahoma in 1946, the game was sold out - and it's been sold out ever since.''' ,]
+++