+++
author = "Mc Hammer"
title = "Mc Hammer Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Mc Hammer Quotes"
keywords = "mc hammer,mc hammer quotes,mc hammer quote,mc hammer sayings,mc hammer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The approach that the music industry took to fight piracy was the wrong strategy.''' ,'''I started with the Oakland A's back in 1971 and there was press at every game and there were cameras on me when I was that young. So with 20 years being MC Hammer, I'm comfortable with cameras so when the camera goes on, I continue doing what I'm doing.''' ,'''Some people call God, some people call Allah; I want to see the fruit of the love, I want to see the love, the love to help the brothers who may not be as fortunate as us.''' ,'''The CD is now the wax album and so it is a collector's item for people who collect music and love to look at the liner notes and feel paper. I don't know what would turn them on about having to go through that terrible exercise of trying to open the packaging - it's unbelievable when you're trying to open a CD, right? You need a box cutter .''' ,'''I think it is a shock to people to find out that MC Hammer is a super geek.''' ,'''You don't have to invent the wheel, but you might want to be the company that invents the rims.''' ,'''Hollywood is in the perception business where you create layers to create mystery. In Silicon Valley it's about taking away the layers to get to the substance.''' ,'''I plan on continuing to explore all the possibilities of technology, and then finally film and television and movies. Embrace it.''' ,'''I always believe that the sky is the beginning of the limit.''' ,'''Psy is fantastic. He's shifted the planet. He's got the whole world dancing. And it's a rarity in this world. Only four people made that happen in history - James Brown, Michael Jackson, yours truly and Psy.''' ,'''Money has never been an issue with me. I will make and continue to make plenty of money.''' ,]
+++