+++
author = "Taylor Kitsch"
title = "Taylor Kitsch Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Taylor Kitsch Quotes"
keywords = "taylor kitsch,taylor kitsch quotes,taylor kitsch quote,taylor kitsch sayings,taylor kitsch saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's that stigma about New Yorkers, how they're so mean, but in my experience it was quite the opposite. People were very genuine and very nice, even on the subway.''' ,'''I don't do the L.A. scene. I stay focused and very myopic. I don't feel I need to prove myself or be in people's faces, especially in this town.''' ,'''I admire an actor that can do a lot with doing nothing really, for the most part. I like doing a lot by doing so little.''' ,'''Put paying your dues and all that puts so much into being a success. You have an understanding of what it's about, being on your own for three or four years and living day to day on $3, or living in an apartment with no electricity.''' ,'''A good old rodeo never hurt anyone.''' ,'''A lot of people are surprised to hear that an actor studied for two or three years. They take the craft for granted and wanna just wake up and be an actor.''' ,'''I want to keep working with the best, keep going and be a better actor each time I go and dive into something.''' ,'''I'm an all-or-nothing person.''' ,'''Video games and computers have become babysitters for kids.''' ,'''And those Texas sunsets... I work a lot in Africa: Texas and Africa have the best sunsets on the planet, that I've ever seen.''' ,'''I want to be scared. I want to keep taking insane risks. I want to be scared because you're going to grow through that whether you want to or not. I don't want to play the same guy. I want to keep throwing curveballs to you guys and keep telling stories.''' ,'''I've always been intimidated by the technicalities of taking photos, especially with a film camera - not just a point and shoot.''' ,'''When I'm not acting, I try to be normal, play golf, play hockey. It's funny because you're in this little bubble when you're working - you don't read books, you don't really keep up with the news, you're just living that life.''' ,'''You never walk out of the gym and say, 'I shouldn't have gone.'''' ,'''People hate cardio. I hate cardio. But pick the five top songs that you love. Do your cardio during these songs, and you're done. I'd say 95 percent of the time you don't even know you just did it.''' ,'''I work a lot in Africa: Texas and Africa have the best sunsets on the planet, that I've ever seen.''' ,'''I played pretty darn competitive-level hockey. Then the good old knee injury. Obviously, it's a blessing in disguise, but growing up Canadian, that's our religion, that's our football.''' ,'''I have like 20 snap-up shirts in my closet, and I never, never would have thought before FNL would I have had that.''' ,'''I would do 'John Carter' again tomorrow. I'm very proud of 'John Carter.' Box office doesn't validate me as a person, or as an actor.''' ,]
+++