+++
author = "Patina Miller"
title = "Patina Miller Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Patina Miller Quotes"
keywords = "patina miller,patina miller quotes,patina miller quote,patina miller sayings,patina miller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been doing lots of trapeze, and so much of it is holding your own weight.''' ,'''I live alone, so I don't really talk to anyone once I'm home. I have some silent nights.''' ,'''All my graduation money went to paying for bartending classes so I could have a side gig. I bartended for two months before I was supposed to move to New York and then two months later I got the job as an understudy in 'Sister Act' and haven't looked back since.''' ,'''That's been the most exciting part of the show - incorporating the magic and the acrobats and the singing and dancing to make our 'Pippin.'''' ,'''I got into hula hooping at age six - I hula hooped all day, every day. That was something I was comfortable with, but I never tried walking or singing while hula hooping! It's actually pretty difficult and tiring. But I like challenging myself. It's hard, but it's really fun.''' ,'''I always tell friends you can't judge your success by someone else's. You can't be afraid to fail.''' ,'''It was always my dream, to do a leading role on Broadway. It's what I went to college to do, in hopes of one day someone taking a chance on me and saying, 'You know what? You're going to be our girl.'''' ,'''I went to Carnegie Mellon.''' ,'''I've always wanted a Maltese-poodle, but I've always been really busy. So I said once I'm back in the city and the 'Sister Act' stuff dies down, I'm going to get a puppy.''' ,''''Sister Act' was my first audition out of school. I was 21 and cast as the understudy. It was non-Equity, so I lived in L.A. on $300 a week. I did that for a month and then came to New York to do a couple of gigs, including 'Hair' in the park, before going to London with 'Sister Act,' where I played the lead.''' ,'''When I started performing in public, I was probably around 10 or 11.''' ,'''Oh, my mom. She's one of my biggest fans.''' ,]
+++