+++
author = "Pranav Mistry"
title = "Pranav Mistry Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Pranav Mistry Quotes"
keywords = "pranav mistry,pranav mistry quotes,pranav mistry quote,pranav mistry sayings,pranav mistry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We have created something incredible. You don't need to get your phone out anymore. Gear takes the entirety of your digital world and places it right where you can see.''' ,'''I love to see technology from a design perspective and vice versa. I am a 'Desigineer.'''' ,'''As seventh graders, my classmates and I would make rockets to see what made them fly and models of remote-controlled motor boats because Palanpur had heavy rainfall.''' ,'''When you talk about objects, one other thing automatically comes attached to that thing, and that is gestures: how we manipulate these objects, how we use these objects in everyday life. We use gestures not only to interact with these objects, but we also use them to interact with each other.''' ,'''Unlike other children, I did not get a branded video game. Mine was an open circuit that even buzzed.''' ,'''I want to impact the world through futuristic yet affordable technologies to make the world a better place.''' ,'''I think that integrating information to everyday objects will not only help us to get rid of the digital divide, the gap between these two worlds, but will also help us, in some way, to stay human, to be more connected to our physical world.''' ,'''I am not interesting in making money. I go to the most expensive restaurant in Boston to have dinner. It is where billionaires come to eat. Even if I become richer, I will still have to go there to eat. After some time, money doesn't make a difference.''' ,'''Had I wanted, I could have set up my own company, secured funding, and made money. That proposition, however, does not excite me, since it would be a very self-centric goal.''' ,'''We need to stop talking and start acting, and I am more than eager to be part of that change.''' ,'''I get bored after I invent something because I hate talking about it every time.''' ,'''Many of my projects are inspired by Indian mythology. We have read that in the ancient times, people could expand their body parts, extend arms - all of that reads like a dream. But all this can be done using technology based on simple solutions.''' ,'''There is no link between our digital devices and our interactions with the physical world.''' ,'''Our research centres are everywhere, in India, China, Turkey, Japan, and we all work as a team all the time.''' ,'''I have always been interested in exploring how we can leverage our knowledge about everyday objects, and how we use them, in order to interact with our digital world.''' ,'''There are endless consumer applications, but what excites me is how this can help people. A man who cannot speak communicates with sign language, but the average person doesn't know that language. SixthSense, if equipped with speakers, can recognize the gestures and form the words - it will speak for him.''' ,'''One of my ongoing projects is to expand third-eye technology whereby two people can watch two different things on a screen or type in two different languages on the same surface - all they have to do is wear a pair of hi-tech glass spectacles.''' ,'''I'm not a very big fan of science fiction. I think that I'm a very big fan of living in the physical world.''' ,'''Technology is only meaningful when it reaches the people.''' ,'''The real world is not in one direction.''' ,'''I would do anything that helps people do things better. Even if the Indian government comes to me for anything, I would be very open.''' ,'''Our time is a time for crossing boundaries.''' ,'''There is a revolution taking place in school and college campuses in India, and particularly in Kerala, much like the one that sowed the seeds of Silicon Valley in the U.S.''' ,'''It's about time we stopped asking what the computer can do for us and instead ask ourselves what we can do for the computer.''' ,'''For me, how an appliance looks is as important as how efficiently it works.''' ,'''My lab is like a fantasy world - it is more like a 'James Bond' movie!''' ,'''I have a background in technology, design, architecture, arts and sciences. I see myself as a multi-dimensional person.''' ,'''What we strive for is how we can provide the best performance and best design, whatever the customers want.''' ,'''We are looking for an era where computing will actually merge with the physical world.''' ,'''I have poor people skills, and I cannot become a minister.''' ,'''As far as solving India's problems with technology is concerned, I think there are some wrong assumptions in making computing work at the grassroots. We need to go beyond the notion of technology being all about computers.''' ,'''For true augmented reality, the display would have to dynamically focus, which would require additional hardware on the glasses to read your eye.''' ,'''With Gear, you're able to make calls and receive calls without ever taking your phone out of your pocket.''' ,'''I want to work on impactful projects.''' ,'''I am keen to serve one-sixth of the world's population where the miracles of science and technology would multiply manifold for betterment of mankind.''' ,'''Did you know that da Vinci was a painter, polymath, engineer, architect, biologist, and writer all rolled into one? He drew sketches of helicopters at a time when they weren't even invented!''' ,'''Att our MIT lab, there are people from diverse backgrounds like architecture, psychology, and philosophy, giving a holistic touch to the creation of any technology we may have in mind.''' ,'''We've evolved over millions of years to sense the world around us. We use our five natural senses to perceive information. But the huge amount of information mankind has accumulated and stored online cannot be perceived by these senses.''' ,'''Digital world is changing its home, and I am in search of an evolution that exists beyond the digital world.''' ,'''In computing, everything happens inside this rectangular screen. I want to get the pixels out, paint the world, and allow us to interact with it.''' ,'''Whatever science fiction movies we watch now, we can make the technology real in two days. What we can do is not important. What we should do is more important.''' ,'''The digital world has power because it has dynamic information, but it's important that we stay human instead of being another machine sitting in front of a machine.''' ,'''Computing is no more about work - it's all about making work happen with computers.''' ,'''I'm sure that the ideas being incubated at places like Startup Village today will form the core of the technologies of tomorrow.''' ,'''I can proudly say Galaxy Gear is a design statement, an engineering marvel, and something that really redefines tomorrow.''' ,'''Exposure to fields like design to technology and from art to psychology gave me a quite nice/interesting viewpoint to the world.''' ,'''I'm good with digital technology, but I start to miss the physical world. I miss riding my bike, talking to friends.''' ,'''My life's goal is to get rid of computers and invent everything that removes its necessity.''' ,'''We wanted to make a wearable of tomorrow that is designed for everyone. I can proudly say Galaxy Gear is tomorrow's state of the art.''' ,]
+++