+++
author = "Lexa Doig"
title = "Lexa Doig Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Lexa Doig Quotes"
keywords = "lexa doig,lexa doig quotes,lexa doig quote,lexa doig sayings,lexa doig saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm totally on a mission to find my signature scent, but I'm too mercurial.''' ,'''I'm off to save the universe again. It's a tough job but someone has to do it, and I'm glad it's me.''' ,'''My most recent purchase was a black lace corset.''' ,'''Thank God my parents had an abundance of patience.''' ,'''It doesn't take much to make me happy.''' ,'''I quite enjoy science fiction.''' ,'''I'm so much more of an East Coast girl than a West Coast girl.''' ,'''I thought I wanted to be a brain surgeon until I realized all the schooling it required. I didn't like school very much so I had to come up with something else.''' ,'''I toyed with the idea of pursuing a career as a lawyer just because I like to argue.''' ,'''The idea of taking off my shoes and trying on all these clothes is so exhausting, I just leave.''' ,'''The thing about Canada is, you're not really considered a Canadian actor unless you do something with the CBC.''' ,'''I did some artistic nudes when I was I 8 with a French-Canadian photographer while I was modeling. They were beautiful shots, and they were not about nudity.''' ,'''Men with style are great because they have a sense of self.''' ,'''I had cleavage that would make Dolly Parton proud. But those things are really heavy and I'm pretty slight of frame, so I took them out. No one even noticed.''' ,'''I was actually a bit disappointed about the amount of sex in the show. I think Backus should get out a bit more, get a relationship, perhaps make her a lesbian.''' ,'''My relationships with my loved ones always take precedence over work.''' ,'''For the past 10 years, people have been making fun of the eighties. Why are we bringing them back?''' ,'''Thongs don't show. With jeans, you're always going to get panty lines and I think that's just a big mistake.''' ,'''I was taken to one place by a director, and he bought me a lap dance.''' ,'''Being stuck in airports, you always end up buying perfume and sunglasses.''' ,'''I do see myself going to LA. Not anytime soon.''' ,'''Seppuku is Japanese for ritual suicide. I thought, What a cute name for a coat.''' ,'''It's a dream part, running around with guns, being an agent.''' ,'''I'm determined to be a diva.''' ,'''My parents used to take me to a lot of theatre when I was young.''' ,'''I'm very proud to be Canadian, but I would move to New York in a heartbeat.''' ,'''The idea of running around and screaming about Jason Voorhees trying to kill you was fun.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if you're staying at a four-star hotel, you will never have your whole closet with you.''' ,'''I like breaking the rules.''' ,'''I sit on my duff, smoke cigarettes and watch TV. I'm not exactly a poster girl for healthy living.''' ,]
+++