+++
author = "Carly Rae Jepsen"
title = "Carly Rae Jepsen Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Carly Rae Jepsen Quotes"
keywords = "carly rae jepsen,carly rae jepsen quotes,carly rae jepsen quote,carly rae jepsen sayings,carly rae jepsen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I waited for my first kiss.''' ,'''I like to mix and match vintage with designer. It's how I create my own style.''' ,'''I like to travel by myself.''' ,'''I know my music is going well when I don't have insomnia.''' ,'''I like Los Angeles. So many artistic people, and I just love the weather.''' ,'''I think in general, lines are a bad idea. Especially if they sound like lines. Everyone's immediate reaction is to just kind of cringe a little bit.''' ,'''I really like to cook.''' ,'''Candy apple red is my favorite color. It's a powerful color to wear. It's always been that way - I've always been really attracted to that color.''' ,'''I feel very giddy with the idea of making my imagination take form and being able to put on a show where people leave feeling like they've experienced something.''' ,'''I definitely have a little attraction to bad guys, but they have to be sweethearts underneath. After all, I like to be treated well.''' ,'''My tactic is to make eyes at someone.''' ,'''I can't tell you how lucky I feel to be able to collaborate with some of my dream producers.''' ,'''No, I haven't asked for a guy's number, but I've always wanted to.''' ,'''Canada was my whole world and my whole reality, and now I meet people who've never been there, and it's like, 'You've never been to my whole world?'''' ,'''A lot of people don't know how to talk on the phone anymore.''' ,'''I always wanted to be known as a songwriter and not just a songbird.''' ,'''One of my favorite things to make is homemade sushi. I know how to make the rolls and it's really fun to do.''' ,'''There's been a progression in my sound.''' ,'''I have so many gay friends that I love.''' ,'''I'm not going to freeze under the pressure. I'm hoping I can stand up to it.''' ,'''The airport paparazzi kind of wigs me out a little bit.''' ,'''For nighttime or for an event, I'm all about the nice heel. Something that's still walkable but definitely very elegant.''' ,'''The way I write is generally about love. I have a great fascination about the subject.''' ,'''My music is bejewelled, it's colourful, it's romantic, it shines.''' ,'''I just want to be the best Carly Rae I can be.''' ,'''Pretty much everyday, there's a moment where I'm having to pinch myself and think, 'When did this happen to my life?'''' ,'''I've never been an all-black girl. I like pinks and blues and greens. If you come over to my closet, you'll be able to find a rainbow of things to wear.''' ,'''I like when the song starts to take over and you feel like you have to dance more than write.''' ,'''I always write what feels really true and honest and me.''' ,'''There's always a special feeling I have while writing any song.''' ,'''I feel very, very blessed.''' ,'''I like to swim. It's good for the body and it helps clear my head.''' ,'''Reading serves as a good escape when you're in the middle of doing crazy things.''' ,'''I'm a little bit of a hippie at heart, so I always wear things that are comfortable and flowing.''' ,'''I really like guys who have confidence, but not the cocky over-the-top confidence.''' ,'''I'm still enjoying discovering more designers and getting to play dress-up in a bigger way than I ever have before.''' ,'''I'm a very lucky girl.''' ,'''My main concern is getting out an album that I feel really proud of.''' ,'''You can't always understand if someone's into you or not, so you should never really pursue something too far without gauging that first.''' ,'''I have a secret love of jazz.''' ,'''I think when it comes to pop I'm past the point of curiosity. I admit to a full-on obsession with it, and I think it's getting worse, actually.''' ,'''I do think grand gestures are a hit and miss, especially for girls.''' ,'''I went to a Canadian college for performing arts and then I auditioned for Canadian Idol. That honestly was my golden ticket.''' ,'''I have a couple of girlfriends who've told me some horror stories but I've never had a really terrible kiss before.''' ,]
+++