+++
author = "Ken Hakuta"
title = "Ken Hakuta Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Ken Hakuta Quotes"
keywords = "ken hakuta,ken hakuta quotes,ken hakuta quote,ken hakuta sayings,ken hakuta saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Generally, successful fads have some kind of play value, like the Frisbee, Slinky, Silly Putty, my Wallwalker. They're generally inexpensive items, impulse items. They tend to be rather useless items, too. They provide a few minutes of amusement.''' ,'''Nam June Paik's artworks are highly intellectual, cutting-edge, and sophisticated. But he was also witty, humorous, and self-deprecating.''' ,'''It's crazy to go into manufacturing. That's not where the money is.''' ,'''I've had a real business education.''' ,'''Good ideas are a dime a dozen. It's what you do with them that counts.''' ,'''The product of stickers will be around for a long time, but how it gets to the consumer will change.''' ,'''Voting statistics for younger voters is pathetic.''' ,'''I think what you inherit is not real. I haven't inherited anything. What I have is really mine because I made it myself.''' ,'''Whatever you do, don't sink your life's savings into cliche items.''' ,'''If you come up with something that's useless and promote it the right way, everybody will have to have it yesterday, even though they get up the next morning and wonder why they bought it.''' ,'''Opportunity just exists in the air for a few minutes. If you don't obey your gut feeling right away, you've lost your chance.''' ,'''When I was a boy, my father used to criticize me for - it's hard to translate - I guess you could say 'mindless time.' Thinking what to do. I need to be bored so I can be pushed into doing something.''' ,'''Everyone underestimates the maturity of kids.''' ,'''You can't be an inventor trying to figure a better way of changing the spare tire. That's boring. We need someone who figures out how to hit a button and turn the entire car upside down.''' ,'''I want the Wallwalker in the back of consumers' minds, but not actively thought about. When it returns, they'll react, 'Oh, there they are!' and they'll buy them again as impulse items.''' ,'''To me, all these things tell a story, and I find clothespin parts as interesting as 'collectors' furniture.' Good pieces of Shaker furniture are interesting, but only so much. It is the other things and the personal effects that let me feel the Shakers.''' ,'''A fad is something that gives just a couple of minutes of extreme fun. It can be useful. It can be useless.''' ,'''Al Gore has a lot to do with the mainstream attention to global warming, but you can't call him a fad, even if he did dance the Macarena.''' ,'''I was the first person to export Teflon-coated ironing board covers to Japan.''' ,'''In fad standard time, a day is a month, and a fad that lasts two months is a classic.''' ,'''Speed is vital. You got to strike fast. Fads have short lives, and you got to get what you can - like the case of the Pet Rock.''' ,'''A lot of great inventions are just little improvements on past ideas.''' ,'''There are conventions for people with serious, boring inventions, but fad inventors need help. You need someone to talk to. You just can't tell your friends you're going to invent a pet rock and mortgage your house to pay for it. It's embarrassing... risky mentally. Your friends think you're crazy.''' ,'''I've become obsessed with preserving Shaker furniture. I feel as though every influence in my life, everything I've learned and know, all the money I've made, has come together to take care of it.''' ,'''Many young people don't vote because they feel unwelcome and irrelevant, and that's the system's fault... As much as MTV tries to get them to vote, politicians don't include young voters because young voters don't donate money.''' ,'''People always ask me how I got interested in the Shakers, but I have no clear-cut answer.''' ,'''I've done strategic planning, all kind of cash flows, but in fad marketing, it is all really irrelevant. It is marketing by total gut feeling. There is no market research. You either sell 500 of something, and it is a total bomb, or you sell 500 million.''' ,'''I like things that don't go together.''' ,'''In Japan, the more expensive a restaurant is, the larger the plates and the smaller the portions. The cheaper a restaurant is, the smaller the plates and the larger the portions.''' ,'''People will try to tell you that all the great opportunities have been snapped up. In reality, the world changes every second, blowing new opportunities in all directions, including yours.''' ,'''I have always been fascinated by Shaker design and the culture of the Shakers.''' ,'''Fads get hot in California. A good idea can come from Des Moines, but it's not going to be anything there. Then it'll hit Venice Beach or Westwood and go all around the country, back to Des Moines.''' ,'''People came to my house in limos looking for WallWalkers, and they made emergency calls, breaking into our phone conversations trying to order them.''' ,'''Shaker pieces were not to show off. One was not to waste energy to decorate.''' ,'''I'm no Mattel.''' ,'''America is just a cool place.''' ,'''Contrary to what most people believe, fads are made, not born.''' ,'''Fads are born to die.''' ,'''In warm weather, people are sillier.''' ,'''I wouldn't finance a fad if I were a banker.''' ,'''I know my life runs in cycles.''' ,'''My life is a life of hobbies and enthusiasm.''' ,'''I don't need a big K Street office or a British secretary or a facade for my ego.''' ,'''As a book is judged by its cover, so a fad is judged by its name.''' ,'''Lack of money is no obstacle. Lack of an idea is an obstacle.''' ,'''The Japanese really like things very well planned out. I enjoy things as they come by.''' ,'''People in Los Angeles are more used to acting silly than other people.''' ,'''Most people who have had big fads have turned out to be just like their products: one-shot deals.''' ,'''There are some keys to success in the fad business. One is never give up. You need total motivation and the right kind of creativity. You also have to back the right activity. It is a disaster if you back the wrong idea with your energy. You not only lose money, but you take a big social risk.''' ,'''It's incredible how much money you can make on a rubber toy.''' ,'''I hope to become the Dear Abby of fads.''' ,'''When I did inventions, I always thought only of the invention itself, but the kids would ask for marketing materials.''' ,'''California starts a lot of trends.''' ,'''Other people might buy a Rolls-Royce. I'd rather encourage people to be creative.''' ,'''You never know where you're going to get inspiration.''' ,'''Most people think the Shakers are in Pennsylvania. They tend to confuse them with the Amish.''' ,'''It was very enticing to become a yuppie, but I didn't want to do that.''' ,'''A true fad has little utility beyond its entertainment value. Think of the Mood Ring, the Pet Rock, the Slinky, Silly Putty.''' ,'''Anything I do, I do fanatically.''' ,'''In California, you want to have the strangest thing, be doing the strangest thing. People admire that.''' ,'''Most fads get jump starts because of the media.''' ,'''I want to be the Ann Landers for fad people.''' ,]
+++