+++
author = "Gareth Barry"
title = "Gareth Barry Quotes"
quotes_len = "90"
description = "the best 90 Gareth Barry Quotes"
keywords = "gareth barry,gareth barry quotes,gareth barry quote,gareth barry sayings,gareth barry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you play a lot of games in a row, and you come off the pitch thinking, 'I can't do this no more,' then it is time to look at something else, whether you have six months left on your contract or four years.''' ,'''One of my strengths is focusing on football, and even in the summer, I try not to switch off too much.''' ,'''David Silva at Man City was my favourite player to play with; we had a good understanding on the pitch.''' ,'''All I can do is give 100% for the club. That is all the fans will want to see anyway.''' ,'''British managers tend to be a bit more hands off, let you express yourself in training.''' ,'''I had my time in the England shirt and won a lot of caps.''' ,'''The main reason I have joined Everton is not to try to help my England ambitions - that will come if I am playing consistently well for Everton.''' ,'''I've got three brothers and two sisters. Dad was a plumber who worked really hard to support six children, and Mum was busy at home. The four brothers shared a room, a bunk bed on each side. It wasn't luxurious.''' ,'''I used to say I preferred midfield because I enjoy trying to make goals, and scoring is a buzz.''' ,'''I played a lot of games for Villa, and one of my regrets is not winning a trophy there - that still hurts, and that's why the big games are important.''' ,'''My head has just been all about wanting to play regular football in the Premier League.''' ,'''For a young player, it's important to have people around you other than yourself. You're immature as an 18- or 19-year-old.''' ,'''That's one thing that's been aimed at me since I was 17: a lack of pace.''' ,'''If you go into a shopping centre, there are phones and cameras everywhere, and if you're doing the wrong thing, ultimately you're going to get found out. So it's important you're living your life right, and that's hard for a young player.''' ,'''It's a fantastic life I've been living - let's keep it going.''' ,'''You only have to look at the England squad to see the amount of players who get in the squad and start the games - the majority play in the Champions League.''' ,'''Against Chelsea, you will have periods in the game when you are right up against it, when they keep the ball. They are pretty solid the way they set their team up.''' ,'''You learn from being out of the team, but it makes you desperate for another chance, and when it comes along, you just have to grab it. Don't let go.''' ,'''Anything you're not in control of you can't be that comfortable with.''' ,'''The way you adapt and play against different teams and different styles is going to be important.''' ,'''The pressures on younger players now are greater. You've just got to be on your toes all the time with social media and stuff. Now you just go to fill your car up, and there will be somebody wanting to film you trying to do something silly like that.''' ,'''In 2012, we had just won the league with City, and I was really high on confidence going into the Euros when I picked up an injury, which meant I couldn't go.''' ,'''You don't see too many attacking flair players continuing until their mid-30s at a high level.''' ,'''I treat the young boys as I wanted to be treated when I came through at Aston Villa.''' ,'''No one has said, 'What are you doing still playing?' Everyone said, 'Play as long as possible.' You stop when you stop enjoying it, and I'll know when I've had enough and can't keep up with the boys.''' ,'''When somebody tells you they don't think you're good enough here, your face doesn't fit, you don't just roll over; you've got to back yourself.''' ,'''I like going down to London for a couple of days, but it's a place where I'd never fancy living - too busy, too lively, people on top of you.''' ,'''I have always said that management is not something I fancied, but it's suddenly, naturally started to enter my head.''' ,'''If you win games, you think things are comfortable, and they are not. The best players don't think that way, and that's why they get to where they are: they don't worry about what has gone on and think only about the next game.''' ,'''We never seem to make things easy for ourselves at Everton, and at City, it was the same, having to come from behind to get ahead in the big games.''' ,'''While I could still play in the Premier League, I really did not want to go abroad. I was not thinking about winding down my career.''' ,'''Everyone's expecting you to be playing fantastic football, winning every game, and course it doesn't happen like that.''' ,'''I started my career in an era when footballers were different. There was a different culture.''' ,'''Having been around, I know how difficult it is to get results in this league. It doesn't just happen by buying players. It needs a lot of hard work.''' ,'''Sometimes you're just not in the manager's thoughts.''' ,'''I'm delighted to be joining City. It didn't take much persuasion from Mark Hughes; they are heading in the direction I want to go. There is great potential here.''' ,'''I'm never going to be seen as an attacking midfielder who's going to dribble past anyone, create untold chances, and score lots of goals, but going forward is something I've always enjoyed doing.''' ,'''When you're told you're going to miss out, initially, that first hour after the manager's named the team, you're really disappointed. You can't imagine anything worse. But you can't show that. You've got to go out there and support the lads.''' ,'''I'm desperate to play Champions League football, and that's why I have to leave Villa.''' ,'''Burn-out can be an issue if you are playing too many games.''' ,'''I knew my first game at Everton wasn't going to be a stroll around the pitch.''' ,'''I've got massive respect for Arsene Wenger for what he's done for the English game, and it would have been good to work under him, but that didn't happen.''' ,'''I made my mind up that I want to continue playing as long as I can.''' ,'''As a younger player, I never really thought about where I should be on the field. It was just about doing a job.''' ,'''Defensive midfield can be the one position that's easier to play as you get older.''' ,'''Reports you read in the paper, you never know how true they are.''' ,'''When I started my career, we were running around water parks and ridiculous things like that. You used to drive in dreading pre-season back then, but now you know it's going to be pretty tough, but it's going to be probably what you need. It's going to be good for you instead of just slogging away.''' ,'''I have had four great years at Everton. The fans have been brilliant with me from the day I signed until the day I left. I am proud that the club will always be a big part of my career.''' ,'''I want to come and help the team. That's always been the same for me wherever I have played.''' ,'''Everton Football Club is more important than the individual.''' ,'''I'm not one to plan, but I'm always positive about things.''' ,'''Everton fans don't just come to watch the football. They are there for Everton, the club. They really believe in the history of the club.''' ,'''I feel very lucky that I'm left-footed because the number of us around is very small.''' ,'''Any great club needs the mentality to go on and achieve things - it is what clubs like United have.''' ,'''For me, Goodison is the toughest away ground to come to. I have experienced it.''' ,'''It's nice hearing your team-mates wanting you to stay.''' ,'''It was Martin O'Neill who said, 'You're a central midfielder.' He put faith into players. He was very clever at getting into players' heads, leaving little remarks to make me believe more. The players at Villa all moved up another level under him.''' ,'''I have played a lot of games, had a good international career, and picked up a lot of caps, but it is not going to be complete without winning trophies, so that is my main goal.''' ,'''Nobody likes to lose 3-0.''' ,'''Confidence and momentum are huge in sport.''' ,'''You do hear a lot about 'player power,' but I'm one of those who believes the manager is there to take control, to be in charge.''' ,'''Steven Gerrard - at his peak, he was outstanding both attacking and defensively.''' ,'''The England manager didn't think I was good enough, and as a professional, you have to take it. Sure, it was disappointing, but all you can do is carry on playing well for your club and hope it changes. Unfortunately, it didn't.''' ,'''If players know their role, it is easier to keep to them.''' ,'''After Euro 2008, football in England was shattered for a bit, and people were losing interest in following England.''' ,'''Playing away is always tough in the Champions League.''' ,'''I've been in the Premier League for 10 years, more, and the money I've been paid is phenomenal compared to your average, everyday working man.''' ,'''I obviously think I should always be picked. Every player thinks he's good enough to be playing every week.''' ,'''Most people would snap your arm off to do what I've done, but for me to be able to say my career was successful, I need to have some trophies and some medals in my cabinet when I finish.''' ,'''I just take it a season at a time because I know in football, things can change so quickly.''' ,'''Any crowd that gets on your back makes it difficult, but you are going to get that if things aren't going well. The fans have got their right to give their opinion.''' ,'''I was 32 when I signed for Everton, and Roberto Martinez said, 'With your style of game, you can play until you're 40.' I'm sitting there laughing at him, but he was deadly serious. I still laughed.''' ,'''I have a massive fear of going stale and falling into a comfort zone.''' ,'''Martin O'Neill has definitely got the best out of me.''' ,'''To play in the Premier League again would be amazing.''' ,'''It's why the Premier League is watched so much all over the world: because it has more pace and more physicality than in any other league.''' ,'''At school, I was always a central midfielder from a young age. Then, when I joined Villa at 16, the pre-season didn't go too well, so they looked at me as a centre-half.''' ,'''My upbringing wasn't overly comfortable.''' ,'''Sometimes you want to experience life, but ultimately, you've got to make sacrifices and choose the right road.''' ,'''When somebody mentioned yoga for the first time, I just looked at it and thought, 'This isn't for me; it's for an older woman down at the health club trying to get supple.' But I thought, 'No, I can see the benefits there. I've got to embrace it.'''' ,'''As a player, you always want to play - it would be wrong to say otherwise - but you can always understand the manager's reasons if he decides to leave you out.''' ,'''The easy part, for me, is always playing my football.''' ,'''Both Everton and City have fantastic sets of fans who really get behind the players.''' ,'''In my head, I felt if I'd stayed at City and got a chance, I could have done a good job. It was made clear that wasn't going to happen, though.''' ,'''I think playing international football burns players out, but I was in and out of the England squad so never felt that.''' ,'''At the World Cup, it's the very top level. It's going to be tougher.''' ,'''Playing until I'm 40 is definitely a possibility.''' ,'''I feel at Manchester City I will get the chance to play regularly in my best position and play a big part in a successful side.''' ,'''It has felt like the World Cup was never going to come for me.''' ,'''You play the game to win things, and if you asked me whether I would want to finish in the top four or win the FA Cup, it'd be FA Cup every time.''' ,]
+++