+++
author = "Natalie Imbruglia"
title = "Natalie Imbruglia Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Natalie Imbruglia Quotes"
keywords = "natalie imbruglia,natalie imbruglia quotes,natalie imbruglia quote,natalie imbruglia sayings,natalie imbruglia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's not very often that I like new bands.''' ,'''I started dancing when I was three, Scottish dancing.''' ,'''You're only as good as your last record and you could get dropped.''' ,'''When I'm in London, I love to visit Kensington gardens and just sit in the park and read a good book.''' ,'''Generally I can sleep any time, anywhere, any place, unless I'm anxious about work. I can get performance anxiety, so when I'm on tour it can be hard to sleep.''' ,'''I like singer-songwriters, and I find sad songs comforting rather than depressing. It makes you realise you're not alone in the world.''' ,'''Divorce was very sad, obviously, but now I've gotten over it.''' ,'''Enjoy every moment: you never know when things might change.''' ,'''I was brought up in an environment where my parents expressed their financial concerns in front of their children.''' ,'''I would have been happy to have waited till I was in my mid- to late-30s before I got married, but you don't choose when these things happen, and when they do, there's no doubt in your mind.''' ,'''I exercise three to four times a week, doing the Tracy Anderson Method, which involves toning and strengthening our small muscle groups.''' ,'''I have never planned to have babies by a certain age.''' ,'''I seem to have very polite fans, not fanatical ones.''' ,'''I'm not a nightclub person, but you need to have a social life sometimes.''' ,'''I'm such a chameleon. I never get bored.''' ,'''I'm quite confident with the way that I look but you find something else to focus on don't you if, I mean I, I have body issues that's my thing so you find something to focus on when you're a perfectionist, I think.''' ,'''There is no kind way to rip the skin off animals' backs. Anyone who wears any fur shares the blame for the torture and gruesome deaths of millions of animals each year.''' ,'''I think where men are credited for being strong, women are divas. I just think it's such a cop out.''' ,'''Saving animals is as simple as choosing synthetic alternatives instead of real fur.''' ,'''If I start feeling down I'll gorge myself on pasta. That usually does the trick. It's the Italian blood in me.''' ,'''Since childhood I've always had a tendency to lean towards melancholy. My sisters suffer from it too, so maybe it's a genetic thing. But none of us has ever been on medication.''' ,'''When I'm passionate about something, I just get excited.''' ,'''It's much easier to write when you're sad. But you can end up isolated and depressed because you almost need to put yourself in that situation to have that angst to write from.''' ,'''I'm a fan of homeopathy, acupuncture and spiritual healing. In Australia, this is not weird, but when I arrived in the U.K., everyone thought I was a freak.''' ,'''My mum said I told her I wanted to be a hairdresser during the week and a star on the weekend and that was when I was really young.''' ,'''I am such a bad liar. I would like to lie, though.''' ,'''I worry unnecessarily.''' ,'''The success of Torn was a bit too much for me. I took a year off and was still scared to start the second album.''' ,'''I wasn't naturally drawn to fashion when I was younger but with my work I'm so exposed to what's out there that I'm hoping my style has become a little more sophisticated.''' ,'''My kitchen bench is covered with vitamins and protein powders. I go through phases when I'm sure I'm taking too many - but I don't get sick often.''' ,'''I've always been drawn to the four-leaf clover. It's deeply significant to my sister and me, so much so that we both have had it tattooed on the inside of our wrists.''' ,'''I've done a lot of partying in my time because I didn't want to go home and I didn't know what to do.''' ,'''I wasn't born with a natural talent for songwriting.''' ,'''I know my music probably isn't going to matter to the public after I die, but that doesn't mean I don't have something to offer.''' ,'''There are artists who think they have to be on top all the time. I think that would be exhausting.''' ,'''You feel this pressure that people will take you more seriously if you play guitar, but I've decided I'm a singer and that's enough.''' ,'''I'm a perfectionist.''' ,'''It's good to have to put yourself in someone else's skin. It's all-consuming.''' ,'''You're either too fat or too thin. You just can't win.''' ,'''Isolation is a big part of songwriting.''' ,'''I can understand why some people might look at me and say, 'What's she got to be depressed about?' I get that a lot in Britain, where mental health issues seem to be a big taboo.''' ,'''Happy songs are very difficult to write. How many truly great upbeat songs are there?''' ,'''I like the idea of growing old gracefully and full of wrinkles... like Audrey Hepburn.''' ,]
+++