+++
author = "Burt Bacharach"
title = "Burt Bacharach Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Burt Bacharach Quotes"
keywords = "burt bacharach,burt bacharach quotes,burt bacharach quote,burt bacharach sayings,burt bacharach saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The music is the last thing I'm thinking about right now, in order of what's important.''' ,'''A small town is a place where there's no place to go where you shouldn't.''' ,'''Knowing when to leave may be the smartest thing anyone can learn.''' ,'''It's not getting any better, is it? I don't want my 19-year-old boy going into the army. I love these little kids. They understand how passionate I am.''' ,'''Because I was small, I was getting the hell kicked out of me playing football.''' ,'''I felt alienated at school, and I never did well with girls.''' ,'''I was blown away by the standing ovation. I've had tributes before, sure, but I don't retain that feeling, and I wasn't prepared for it on Tuesday. But maybe you shouldn't retain these things or you'd be on a permanent high.''' ,'''I started playing piano with a little band in high school. I was terrible. I thought I had absolutely no talent. I couldn't keep time. I only got into McGill, which was a lousy music school, because they were taking American music students.''' ,'''A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of.''' ,'''I'd met Dr Dre, he was thinking about his next album, we talked a little and he said, 'Let me give you some of these loops and see what you come up with'.''' ,'''I recorded the song live in front of an orchestra, and yes, I was very moved, I was in tears.''' ,'''I've always had a problem with people who couldn't tell the truth or admit a mistake and say they're wrong.''' ,'''Never be ashamed to write a melody that people remember.''' ,]
+++