+++
author = "Big Narstie"
title = "Big Narstie Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 Big Narstie Quotes"
keywords = "big narstie,big narstie quotes,big narstie quote,big narstie sayings,big narstie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I prefer my dog to humans.''' ,'''You're only as good as your options and your surroundings.''' ,'''I'm scared of fish - the way they look at you.''' ,'''My passion is music. That's where my heart is.''' ,'''I would say it was God blessing my life and giving me the opportunity to do everything I'm doing.''' ,'''I would say 'The Big Narstie Show' is the United Colours of Benetton; it's for everyone. But I would definitely say that it has a black appeal, because that's what I am.''' ,'''Every man deserves a castle; doesn't matter how big your castle is.''' ,'''I want to show people my successful side, but I want to show you my bipolar side, too.''' ,'''Fans, when they see me, they're like, 'Rah, he's a real funny person,' but everyone who grew up with me is like, 'Rah, that's Fat Tyrone.'''' ,'''Everyone uses grime as a footstool, but imagine Biggie Smalls started doing hip hop, and it started going well, and then he started making RnB: there would be no hip hop!''' ,'''I'm in front of cameras a lot; I'm used to it.''' ,'''Sometimes I just want to sit in my boxer shorts and cry. That's what being a human is.''' ,'''If a kid is born into a tough situation with no means of dealing with it, you end up with kids who are mentally ill and have no way of reaching out.''' ,'''The only diversity in the Brits is with the Americans. I've been saying this for a while: for our country to do good, we need to embrace our country.''' ,'''The danger is that the artists who'll put grime into the commercial and public eye will put grime at the back of their closets and jump on another genre of music.''' ,'''The reason my management get upset with me the most is that they don't know what's going to come out my mouth.''' ,'''None of my friends go to places like Selfridges. I'm a regular at the pound shop!''' ,'''I've got the best style out of all the MC's, so wear what I wear.''' ,''''The Big Narstie Show' is, basically, Channel 4 gave me a good amount of dough to be myself.''' ,'''I'm my production team's biggest nightmare.''' ,'''When I'm romantic, I'll make minted lamb. Yeah, man, I do have my romantic moments.''' ,'''No, I wouldn't let Trump on my stage... I'd just rather fight him in the car park.''' ,'''I was very lucky - how many people can say they did a song with John Barnes and played football with him?''' ,'''With some things, karma is good enough. Lessons come back in different ways, you know what I mean?''' ,'''Going back about 10 years ago, the only thing a black kid could do to get out of the ghetto was being a sports star. Now we can add music to that, which is a good achievement in itself.''' ,'''There were times when I couldn't even buy a loaf of bread.''' ,'''I'm not from a conventional world, innit? So the fact that I'm getting a chance to express my world in society and TV is epic.''' ,'''I buried my dad the day I started Craig David's tour. Buried him, got on this tour bus in Stratford, and hit the road. Mixed emotions.''' ,'''I'm a breath of fresh air, and there hasn't been something this black on TV for a very long time.''' ,'''Years ago, when I was making music, I was sending it off to radio stations and getting told it was 'too urban.' But what else am I supposed to make?''' ,'''I appreciate both good and bad - I don't want to sit in a bubble where everyone just tells me everything positive to keep my morale high.''' ,'''I was like, 'If I bang your thing, will you bang my thing? Will you sing on my album?' And he was like, 'Yeah, of course.' So I've got Robbie Williams on my album. Robbie Williams on grime.''' ,'''I'm lucky; I've been raised with the right morals.''' ,'''I'm not a token black guy.''' ,'''I've created a new sound. I've actually brought back dancing and vibes; it's more universal.''' ,'''Grime is now a very talkable subject.''' ,'''I come from Lambeth, Brixton.''' ,'''Some people see what I don't see - I'm just so happy to do all of this just being myself. The same thing what you get on the TV, you will see in your local Asda or the pound shop.''' ,'''I wasn't meant to be famous. I've been blessed.''' ,'''My kitchen is an imitation, really, of my mum's, except for the big American fridge.''' ,'''Especially in our industry, everything is so prim and proper; you'll never really see anyone show their sad side, because everyone wants to be perfect.''' ,'''I'm so thankful that Mum taught me to cook, because not every day is a takeaway day.''' ,'''I am very thankful and blessed that I haven't had to sell my soul and be anything that I'm not.''' ,'''It's OK to have up days. It's OK to have down days. But especially remember it's OK to talk to people and let them know you're not OK. Don't think it's something you have to keep to yourself to fit in or to be normal. There's no such thing as normal.''' ,'''I'm not really a comedian, innit; I just naturally say things which people class as funny.''' ,'''Channel 4 know I'm messed up. But they've got a soft spot for me.''' ,'''My position in life has always been to be that person in the room who can make the conversation and break down any awkwardness.''' ,'''How can I care about needing a visa to travel if the furthest I'm going to travel is the town centre? For a person to care about Brexit - it's only for people who are in a certain state of mind.''' ,'''I'm gonna show the world how to do proper football reporting, Narstie-style.''' ,'''At 18, I could have not been here. I could have been another statistic. All the odds were in favour of my just going to prison at that age. I had no visions of being a superstar.''' ,'''Hopefully I've inspired a lot of people who thought they'd never be able to get their own TV show to give it a go.''' ,'''I'm the prime example of it; think about it, you know. My whole career has blown up by genuine people power.''' ,'''Being an artist comes with responsibility as well. You want people to come to your shows and feel safe.''' ,'''The only way you can learn is by analysing yourself and taking in your mistakes.''' ,'''I didn't get played on radio or TV for 3 years. They all told me the same thing: it was too urban. They don't see grime music as commercial music, but all music is commercial; it's how you make it. That's what I'm trying to say.''' ,'''If I haven't rested, or I haven't slept or had food or done the normal basic things as a human being, how could I stand in front of a camera and do stuff, you know what I mean? It's mad!''' ,'''I'm only a human being. I'm not a robot.''' ,'''I don't really know what I'm doing that's making everybody happy.''' ,'''If you're wearing Reebok classics, then you're going through a midlife crisis. I don't want to catch you wearing these in the rave.''' ,'''Grime's always been big at festivals. Grime's always had an underground crew.''' ,]
+++