+++
author = "Wanderlei Silva"
title = "Wanderlei Silva Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Wanderlei Silva Quotes"
keywords = "wanderlei silva,wanderlei silva quotes,wanderlei silva quote,wanderlei silva sayings,wanderlei silva saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I won't fight just to fight, I'm fighting to win.''' ,'''If you open one little gym that has some mats and one bag, you can save lives.''' ,'''I am available to work together with the commission to create clear laws that give the athletes the proper respect. The athletes deserve more respect.''' ,'''A bout between champions has to be considered a big show.''' ,'''Lyoto makes it very difficult to knock him out, he escapes well and moves very well.''' ,'''The power from the punches come from your legs.''' ,'''I've had a couple knockouts, but I feel good.''' ,'''If it wasn't for us fighters, who have carried the sport on our backs since the very beginning... without fighters there is no fight, there's no event, and no show.''' ,'''I am a beloved athlete all over the world.''' ,'''That stadium, Saitama, has given me some of the best moments in my career.''' ,'''Almost every single one of my fights was the fight of the night and the public was always interested in watching me compete.''' ,'''If you don't want to sweat, stay on the couch.''' ,'''My great fight was against Liddell. I lost via decision but it was one of the fights that I most enjoyed to be part of. He was tough, had heavy hands, I was able to handle him and knock him down in the second round, we gave an amazing show.''' ,'''I don't like fake people.''' ,'''My second bout with Cro Cop was the hardest. I had a serious injury in my eye during the fight and he knocked me out in the second round. I think it was the closest I've been to death.''' ,'''The truth is that I want to fight in the old Pride rules, I want to kick guys in the face on the ground. With that rule, I think I can fight with anyone.''' ,'''People love my style because I'm so aggressive.''' ,'''We have to understand that all geniuses have a crazy side to them.''' ,'''The probability I knock out Chael Sonnen is very big. Man, everybody knows his game. He is never going to take me down and I'm going to break his nose with my knee.''' ,'''I've had more than 200 stitches, only in the area of the eyes.''' ,'''It's a dangerous sport, you can get really hurt. God helped me, protected me so I wouldn't have any damage, any serious injury.''' ,'''My next step is give opportunities so that guys can train. I watch here in Brazil and we've lost a lot of talent just because guys don't have a membership to the gym. I want to make free gyms in the community.''' ,'''For many athletes, an injury can mean the end of a relationship with a sponsor. XYIENCE stood behind me in my time of victory and they continued to do so when I became injured. This means a great deal to me.''' ,'''People talk, talk, but when it's time to fight me, they all wanna hug me.''' ,'''With the way things are going now in the UFC, you have to be ready to fight anytime they call you. During war times, you have to keep your guns always clean.''' ,'''Of course we always want to win, and train for it, but I also care about the quality of my performance. I want to provide a great spectacle for those who are at home.''' ,'''My return was interesting because Bellator gave me a stage that was worthy of the return of Wanderlei Silva. I was the main event, sold out.''' ,'''I am retired, I don't fight anymore, I lost the desire.''' ,'''Try to find a good gym, have a schedule or take a class every day, and make it a habit.''' ,'''If you go out and make a show and put your heart on the line every time, the people will respond to that and the promoter won't be able to say anything.''' ,'''I'll never doubt Anderson Silva.''' ,'''I'm not that type of guy that only accepts a fight when a guy is coming off a win.''' ,'''There are two guys that I think are underrated - Thiago Tavarres and Tyson Griffin.''' ,'''No more corrupt politicians stealing from us.''' ,'''I just opened a free, public MMA gym in Paraiba, so why can't Curitiba or Sao Paulo have one? No money? Someone needs to do this.''' ,'''I live in Las Vegas and I like my money, but I don't gamble, but I said to my wife I want to put a $100,000 on Shogun.''' ,'''Who sees Wanderlei Silva today, with all the marketing, with a good gym and getting paid well to fight, they don't know the difficulties I went through. I went through a lot of hardships in my life.''' ,'''Sonnen always appeared as the nice guy, consoling his fighters, while my scenes were all of me with ugly face. It was biased.''' ,'''I don't have any superstitions, because I am a Christian.''' ,'''I like taking on the tough guys.''' ,'''I want the MMA fighter to make as much money as the NBA and NFL players. We are as professional as they are, we are on the TV too, but we don't get paid like they do.''' ,'''I don't use PEDs or steroids, I have never used it and I've never had any problems in that area.''' ,'''I have other plans, other businesses. I have things to do. But I love to fight. I love this sport.''' ,'''The promotions put fighters against each other, and they don't want to pay anything to them. If you refuse to fight, the promoter shows up - and sometimes he wants to show off more than the fighters. This is a shame.''' ,'''People have to be more careful in traffic. It's hard to ride bikes in Curitiba.''' ,'''If you have a young student, don't let him take too many punches to the head. There's the right moment to do a hard training, but it can't be every day. A good coach takes care of your student.''' ,'''Everybody has a savage instinct.''' ,'''I'm so glad we have jobs after fighting. A lot of important fighters before would stop fighting and have nothing left. Today, you can fight and make money in a normal life.''' ,'''I like the octagon because there are no corners; there is nowhere for my opponent to go.''' ,'''Bellator is indirectly creating the stars division - I'm 42 now - where stars fight each other.''' ,'''I'm against steroids. Steroids are bad.''' ,'''The active fighters can't speak up or they will be fired. Because this monopoly doesn't allow for a free market. We have to free the fighters so they can fight wherever they want.''' ,'''I fixed my nose, and now I'm breathing better, snoring less.''' ,'''I would like to fight in Brazil, but we can fight in Japan or even in the United States. But if it really is against Dan Henderson, I would like it to be in a soccer stadium in Brazil.''' ,'''XYIENCE is a great brand, and they've also worked to help inspire my team of amateur fighters.''' ,'''Sometimes, people say, 'You need to fight smart.' After a fight gets started I don't know what happens with me. I feel crazy. A lot of times my coach says, 'Calm down. Calm.'''' ,'''I want Sonnen to feel ashamed of how bad he'll be beaten by me.''' ,'''I'm against all types of drugs and steroids, but the athlete has the right to have a private life. He has to be clean on the day of the competition. Out of competition, that's his life.''' ,'''If you own an event, it's your job to make sure the athletes are satisfied when they fight.''' ,'''I don't think about my losses. I only think about winning my next fight and preparing for my next fight.''' ,'''I don't even drink.''' ,'''The promoter of an event can't take sides. He can't give better conditions to one fighter over the other. Everyone has to be treated with quality.''' ,'''I'm a professional; I'd never fight against Mirko or anyone else not being prepared.''' ,'''I have my own money. I don't need to make too much more money where I'm at in my life.''' ,'''I have some issues that I don't know if they will become issues. I have some things in my head, I forget things. I can't turn my head a lot or my brain crashes. I have back and wrist pain.''' ,'''I'll fight in both divisions, 185 and 205. I feel good. That's a choice for the boss, where Dana wants me to fight. It's no problem.''' ,'''It's sad when a MMA fighter talks to an NFL or NBA player about how much money they make. That's embarrassing. You tell them how much you make and they laugh.''' ,'''My career is over because I don't have the stage to perform where athletes get the proper respect.''' ,'''You can't fight like a machine, like you are worried about what the promoter is going to think.''' ,'''You have to be able to take a punch. A strong neck is really important.''' ,'''But what astonished me is that this Croatian, this Mirko Cro Cop guy, called me the best in the world, a legend in front of me, but behind the computer he's talking a bunch of crap. What kind of man are you to say this crap online and not to my face?''' ,'''No gloves cut a bit more, but that's not a problem if you don't fear blood.''' ,'''The emotion that I have going into the Octagon and from the crowd is unbelievable. It's priceless.''' ,'''It's not news that I want to face Vitor Belfort or Chael Sonnen.''' ,'''I don't like jokes.''' ,'''My Hall of Fame are my fans.''' ,'''I lost six months of work due to throwing open punches and took a punch on the chin.''' ,'''If I could leave a tip for the young guys, it would be don't hit yourselves every day.''' ,'''I want to be tested until my limit.''' ,'''I'm so happy to have my first main event in the UFC.''' ,'''UFC have the best fighters.''' ,'''The UFC are promoting a lot of cards and there are a lot of fights that people even don't know that will happen. But Wanderlei Silva vs. Dan Henderson would sell very well.''' ,'''I was in a lecture about concussions and of the 10 symptoms the guy mentioned, I had eight. The symptoms would be, for example, mood swings, getting angry very fast, forgetting some things, having difficulty sleeping.''' ,'''I talk to my guys and I tell them, 'You have to fight in a way that you don't give the promoter a choice but to bring you back.'''' ,'''I've made it very clear to you all that I will never again fight for this promotion, the U.F. Circus. Fixed fights, and I can prove it!''' ,'''Shogun vs. Lyoto is a fight that no one can miss. It's hard for me to say anything because I'm great friends with Shogun. I'm cheering for Shogun. I'm friends with Lyoto as well. I like him and I respect him and admire him as a fighter, and outside the ring, he is a great example to all of us.''' ,'''But I was born in the real world, I'm from the streets.''' ,'''In 20 years of career and 50 professional fights, I never refused to test or failed to apply for a license to fight.''' ,'''In Bellator, one guy that I would love to fight is Kimbo. And I'm not going to the ground. I want to fight in his area.''' ,'''Sometimes I fight with my heart, then I open myself way too much.''' ,'''The UFC isn't this whole glamor everybody thinks. They don't pay you right.''' ,'''You need to respect the body. We're not 22, 23 years old. I'm 35.''' ,'''We are not like machines; we can't train as fast after years but I feel really happy and I want to give fans a good fight. When I can't do that anymore, I'll stop.''' ,'''How can someone who has never been slapped in the face talk about the greatest fighter of all times?''' ,'''Like people say, it's very hard for a good professional to retire.''' ,'''In this profession, you hurt the body a little. It's normal. Part of the job.''' ,'''Sometimes I put my heart in front of my technique.''' ,'''It's normal to be under pressure. I'm fighting professionally for 15 years, and it's always been like that.''' ,'''The athlete needs money to prepare for a fight and to perform well. How are you going to prepare well if you have to have another job to make money?''' ,'''Shogun is the most talented guy I've ever seen.''' ,]
+++