+++
author = "Sophie Winkleman"
title = "Sophie Winkleman Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Sophie Winkleman Quotes"
keywords = "sophie winkleman,sophie winkleman quotes,sophie winkleman quote,sophie winkleman sayings,sophie winkleman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''With 'Titanic,' you have all the first-class passengers interwoven with wonderful stories about the maids and the engineers, the people downstairs in the galleys.''' ,'''I self-deprecate. When I first got here two years ago, I didn't realise that in America you can't go into the room and put yourself down.''' ,'''When I try to concentrate, I really enjoy writing.''' ,'''I can't do any more 'Peep Show' because of my loyalties in Los Angeles to 'Two And A Half Men,' so I'm staying put there for the moment. I'm loving life is L.A. at the moment - I'm out there for work, as that is where the jobs are.''' ,'''The London Library in Piccadilly is the best place for a sleep.''' ,'''I am a big fan of cosy. I get very excited by a roaring fire and even a perfectly made cup of tea. And being married really is the ultimate in cosy, so I couldn't be more content.''' ,'''For clothes, I like Anna on Regent's Park Road. Anna Park, who owns it, has an amazing eye for fresh, exciting clothes. I also love Arrogant Cat on Kensington Church Street. Space NK on Duke of York Square for exciting potions. I think I stretch the term 'tester' way beyond its boundaries.''' ,'''I tried to go to the gym a while ago and hurt my foot. I thought, 'Well, exercise and I just aren't meant to be.'''' ,'''I was cast as the lead in a Warner Bros TV pilot and was immediately told I needed to lose weight. I got a bit weird about food for the first time in my life, and I thought, 'You know, this just isn't the life for me.'''' ,'''18 to 19 is definitely a brilliant age. Equally, 50 or 60 should be good. Everything is done; you can relax a bit.''' ,'''I love doing the radio plays, creating a whole world with just the voice, and I'd love to be back on stage, too, at some point.''' ,'''Have fun and play as many word games as possible.''' ,'''I'm not one of those girls who can think, 'Right, I'll put a scarf with that and a little brooch there and maybe a vintage jacket.' I'm so impressed with girls who look terrific in a little thing they picked up at the local charity shop. I just look scruffy when I try to do vintage.''' ,'''I'm playing an Amazon warrior princess in a new radio comedy series called 'Elvenquest,' and I'm playing a Russian genius in the comeback of 'Red Dwarf.'''' ,'''I always loved being in London and being near my parents.''' ,'''Try to exercise gentleness, kindness and humour, and you cannot go far wrong.''' ,'''I was going to change my name to Sophie Windsor, but then I decided not to. I prefer to go into the room just as Sophie Winkleman.''' ,]
+++