+++
author = "Minka Kelly"
title = "Minka Kelly Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Minka Kelly Quotes"
keywords = "minka kelly,minka kelly quotes,minka kelly quote,minka kelly sayings,minka kelly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''No matter what you're doing, live it. Make an experience. Have fun. Relate to someone. Take them in. Learn.''' ,'''I think the most attractive thing for me when I meet a guy is confidence and him being comfortable in his own skin. I like someone who doesn't need approval or validation.''' ,'''In any solid, good relationship, it takes a while to trust someone.''' ,'''I didn't go to theater school. I didn't go to Julliard. But I've lived a lot. I've seen a lot. I feel like that makes up for a little bit.''' ,'''I love making characters real and believable, through my own experience and choices.''' ,'''I think brutal honesty is extremely important. Don't be afraid of being up-front about your feelings and your life.''' ,'''I think Miami is such a beautiful, sexy, gorgeous place. I love the people there.''' ,'''In L.A. everyone is an actor. In Texas, everyone's a musician.''' ,'''I moved to California not to pursue acting but to get out of Albuquerque.''' ,'''I learned how to horseback ride in English style, which is very hard, by the way. I had no idea how challenging it was. I've always ridden horses, but Western is like riding a horse in a rocking chair, as opposed to English, where you have to balance and hold on with your legs.''' ,'''I'm confident - confident in my skin, and I'm cool with my flaws and all that stuff.''' ,'''And anyway, modeling wasn't for me. I'm too short. I've got a big butt. It wasn't going to happen.''' ,'''It blows my mind that anyone could be unkind to anyone.''' ,'''I was a tomboy, not a girlie girl.''' ,'''I learned how to scuba dive, which is something that I've always wanted to do.''' ,'''I like to go wakeboarding. It's my new favorite sport. It's like skiing but on a snowboard that has little shoes on it.''' ,]
+++