+++
author = "Paulo Dybala"
title = "Paulo Dybala Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Paulo Dybala Quotes"
keywords = "paulo dybala,paulo dybala quotes,paulo dybala quote,paulo dybala sayings,paulo dybala saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It is very difficult to score goals in Italy.''' ,'''When you get to the level that I'm at, often you are a very lonely man.''' ,'''Juventus is a great club.''' ,'''I'd love to play with Messi.''' ,'''I exercise like crazy to have more sensitivity in my foot and more control.''' ,'''In Italy, you must think faster than defenders. It is a tough school.''' ,'''My grandmother's mother was from near Naples, so I love Italy, but I feel completely Argentinian.''' ,'''I learned how to defend the ball with my body and to be faster than my opponents.''' ,'''My dream is to play for Argentina because I feel Argentinian.''' ,'''I love Italy. This is the country that made me famous, and I would love to stay in Serie A.''' ,'''I'm a forward, and I dream of a goal in the World Cup, pushing it, kicking it from outside the box, wherever. I dream of scoring at a World Cup.''' ,'''Playing for Juventus is something you dream about when you're a kid.''' ,'''You learn more from the negative things.''' ,'''It can be hard, swapping jerseys when you are losing.''' ,'''I'm lucky to play with Messi for the national team; I've learned many things. I can pick up a lot from him in terms of how he reads the play, how he thinks, how he sees the movement of his teammates. This will help me a lot for the future.''' ,'''I'm the kind of player who is never satisfied on the pitch. If I score twice, I'm already thinking about getting a third one.''' ,'''I practice as if I'm one of the starters.''' ,'''Messi, there is only one, as there was only one Maradona. You cannot replace players like them.''' ,'''I've always just wanted to succeed in everything that I do, and I know that Juventus is the perfect place to be if you want to win things.''' ,'''It's really great that people are talking so much about me because it means that I'm doing things right.''' ,'''If I get annoyed because I'm not in the headlines and don't do well in training, I won't do well if I have to go in. I've to be prepared because the World Cup isn't easy.''' ,'''I saw that Cristiano Ronaldo has scored more than 360 goals because he has a great right foot, but a left foot just as powerful.''' ,'''In football, you always have the chance for revancha.''' ,'''I do not throw myself down in the area, looking for a penalty, because I believe we should try to do things without being cursed and angry and without spitting on life.''' ,'''To play in the Champions League is everyone's dream, and I would like to do so. I won't deny it.''' ,'''I made a really good start to my career, and there was a lot of speculation about where I'd end up going. Like I did then, I'm just trying to take this all in my stride and keep my feet on the ground.''' ,'''I was asked to play for Italy, and I was very appreciative. I was 19, and I said, 'No, thank you.' It was very hard, but I am Argentinian, and it would have been deceit.''' ,'''When I was a child, sitting in front of the campfire, I wished that I could win the Ballon d'Or.''' ,'''Juventus rejected an offer from Barcelona for me. It was a big offer, and that means I'm an important player for the club, and I have to thank them for that.''' ,'''People should know that I am Dybala, and I want to continue to be so. I understand the comparisons and expectations on me from the Argentines, but I don't want to be the new Messi or the Messi of the future.''' ,'''I can learn a lot from Messi. Watching how he does things will help me a lot in future.''' ,'''I am more of a support striker.''' ,'''If you want to improve, you have to set high targets.''' ,'''I'll miss everything about Palermo. The people always made me feel at home; it will be impossible to forget my experiences there. Palermo made me become a man.''' ,'''When we have a ball at our feet, we footballers are delighted, but what happens behind the scenes is not always all that pretty.''' ,'''One penalty miss doesn't change anything.''' ,'''In Turin, I can walk through the streets of the city without any problems.''' ,'''The day I heard Juventus were interested in me, my mind was made up.''' ,'''There are some big teams out there who don't play in Champions League, but I can't deny that I'd love to play in Europe's most prestigious competition.''' ,'''God gives us a gift, but then that gift has to be worked.''' ,'''I don't speak English or French, but that doesn't mean anything.''' ,'''It is a burden that people have expectations about me.''' ,]
+++