+++
author = "Bikram Choudhury"
title = "Bikram Choudhury Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 Bikram Choudhury Quotes"
keywords = "bikram choudhury,bikram choudhury quotes,bikram choudhury quote,bikram choudhury sayings,bikram choudhury saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''America's biggest problem is too much freedom.''' ,'''The meaning of yoga is connection of mind, body and spirit. If you have a bad telecommunication system, your body gets sick. Yoga helps fix that.''' ,'''If you want to live a hundred years, how do you want to live your life? At the age of 100, you should go shopping with your great-grandchildren, but not in a wheelchair.''' ,'''Yoga competition is an old Indian tradition.''' ,'''You use the body as a medium to bring the mind back to the brain. Perfect married between body and mind. Then, you can knock the door to the spirit.''' ,'''You cannot steal somebody's intellectual property. Law and justice protect.''' ,'''When President Ronald Reagan asked me a stupid question once, I called him an idiot in public! I thought I was going to be arrested, but he laughed and appreciated me.''' ,'''Indians do not like Indian teachers; they prefer foreigners, but there is a huge demand for Indian teachers around the world.''' ,'''Lady Gaga listens to me. Her mantra is only one word - 'Bikram' - because Bikram makes her what she is today. It works.''' ,'''You go to Starbucks, and you know what you're going to get. It's the same with my yoga.''' ,'''Negative attitude is nine times more powerful than positive attitude.''' ,'''Growing up in Bombay, I saw many sick people.''' ,'''My system works, as long as people let me do my job my way. It is not just the sequence, it is how you do it: the timing, the mirrors, the temperature, the carpet. But if people only do it 99% right, it is 100% wrong. When someone tries to mess with it, the people won't get the yoga benefits.''' ,'''My friend said to me, 'You don't look good,' - because all the time I have to think about law and justice and courts.''' ,'''I didn't come here without a visa, like everyone from China and Vietnam and Cuba. I came here by special plane... received by the ambassador, by the president of the United States. I should be the most honored man in your country.''' ,'''I started with nothing. Zero.''' ,'''If you can, you must.''' ,'''Since my asana techniques increase circulation to all organs in the body and increase lung efficiency, I recommend Bikram Balance natural whole food beverage as a way to provide all the critical nutrients to oxygenate the blood and restore the acid/alkaline balance.''' ,'''I have both English bulldog determination and Bengal tiger strength.''' ,'''When in Rome, I must do as the Romans do. When in America, make Bikram copyright and trademark.''' ,'''It wasn't easy in the 1970s when I initially started on my mission - to take yoga to the world. Nobody knew what it was in Japan. When I met Bill Clinton for the first time, he asked me if it was a form of yogurt that you eat! But I kept my faith and never gave up on my quest.''' ,'''So many people are stealing Bikram Yoga. It's like you're practicing medicine, but you're not a doctor.''' ,'''One student was mixing my yoga up with other kinds, and I said, 'No, you cannot do that.' You cannot put calamari in the sushi and call it sushi.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong with material things as long as you don't lie, cheat and steal.''' ,'''I'm a yogi, not a businessman.''' ,'''Natural hydration is a key factor in any type of sports performance.''' ,'''I don't listen to anybody. You need my help: Come to me, shut up, forget who you are. I will take care of you. And I do my job.''' ,'''I am tough, and sometimes I tell it like it is. Tough love can work wonders.''' ,'''Every human being in this world is interested in certain things. Everybody has a hobby. Some people like art; I know nothing about it. Some people like books, some people like fishing, some people like music. I like to look at cars.''' ,'''American men are like women.''' ,'''Do you know, every yoga school in India is free?''' ,'''For months, I slept at work, even though I had an apartment. I'd fall asleep on the floor at 4:30 A.M. By 7 A.M., I was up and ready to start teaching every class.''' ,'''I always teach celebrities, all my life.''' ,'''Most researchers sit at a table and read books. My research, since three years old, has been to use my own body.''' ,'''I bought a 1964 Bentley for $1,600 and re-built it over five years. When I drove it in Tokyo after that, it was the pride of the road. That car would command at least $150,000 today because 'Bikram' has restored it.''' ,'''I fix the human chassis, I tune up human engines, I recharge human batteries, and I adjust human transmissions.''' ,'''I have the biggest and the longest mouth in the world. Everybody's scared of my mouth.''' ,'''Before me, there was no money, no business with yoga.''' ,'''Nothing in the world can take my peace away from me.''' ,'''Yoga in America is a joke.''' ,'''Maintaining spirituality and humanism are the keys to success. It's a balance.''' ,'''In America, they say, you can take a horse to the pond, but you can't make him drink. My way is different. I only take the horse to the pond to make him drink. If he doesn't, I'll cut his head off.''' ,'''If you do Bikram Yoga, you exercise your body 100 percent.''' ,'''Because I'm a sweet, kind guy, everybody thinks I'm an idiot, I'm weak.''' ,'''Movie stars, rich people - oh, they have so many beautiful cars!''' ,'''I don't chase money, money chase me!''' ,'''When actress Shirley Maclaine arrived 30 minutes late for a class, I asked her to leave.''' ,'''Worry makes you sick. Worry less, live as long as you like.''' ,'''Truth is the most bitter to accept, swallow and digest it. The moment you speak truth, you lose your popularity. But I don't care.''' ,'''You cannot drive the car if you do not have a driver's license. You cannot do brain surgery if you are not a brain surgeon. You cannot even do a massage if you don't have a license.''' ,'''In India, nobody sues anybody.''' ,'''I guarantee you, yoga will compete with computers, music, sports, automobiles, the drug industry. Yoga will take over the world!''' ,'''Yoga only works one way.''' ,'''You treat an idiot like an idiot.''' ,'''I always forgave my students, like Jesus.''' ,'''Why must everyone need a doctorate to teach? You can be a graduate from my institute in two months and for $11,000.''' ,'''I like money. You like money. We need the money. But, money is not going to bring humanity and spiritualism into your life.''' ,'''I have so many choices in America; it's home to so many good things. I'm smart enough to enjoy all the good things that are offered.''' ,'''If you don't suffer, you don't get anything. Nothing easy in life.''' ,'''Any kind of problem you have in your life, you come to Bikram. Your life becomes the best in the world.''' ,]
+++