+++
author = "James Buckley"
title = "James Buckley Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 James Buckley Quotes"
keywords = "james buckley,james buckley quotes,james buckley quote,james buckley sayings,james buckley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not competitive at all, I just don't care. I have my own standards I want to meet, but it's a very, very low bar. Even then I struggle to meet those standards.''' ,'''I've never set myself any goals. I think the only goal that I've set myself is just to enjoy my life and to have a good time.''' ,'''The thing that's really difficult with it is that, in my job, I'm used to being criticised - especially with the small amount of talent that I have, I'm wide open for criticism.''' ,'''I'd done comedy for years, it was almost like breathing so doing something new is dead exciting.''' ,'''I was fitting kitchens before I could afford not to - so I was still fitting kitchens whilst the first series of The Inbetweeners was coming out.''' ,'''I'm not built to be famous, I'm not a star. I'm not special, so being stared at makes me very anxious.''' ,'''I was in a position where I was going to wait for the 'Inbetweeners' film to come out before I decided what I was going to do next, but as soon I was asked to be involved with 'Comic Strip', I was incredibly flattered and jumped at it.''' ,'''I was in a TV show called 'Orrible' with Johnny Vaughan, I did the last series of 'Teachers', I did two or three different characters on 'The Bill'. Just stuff like that. The 'Inbetweeners' was the first thing that really took off.''' ,'''The worst thing is when people criticise you and you go, 'Yeah, you're right.' It's really hard to take.''' ,'''I'm scared of ghosts and aliens.''' ,'''If something's fun and you'll enjoy doing it, there's no reason why you shouldn't. That's basically the criteria that I judge jobs by.''' ,'''One day I'll bring a biography of my life out and that will be the biggest joke I'll ever tell.''' ,'''People take secret pictures of me... it fries my brain. I'm just a bloke, Just come and talk to me, I'd love to talk to you.''' ,'''Whatever you want me to bake, I'll do it badly.''' ,'''Yeah, I still feel like I've got no idea what I'm doing! Very much so. I'm not sure when that feeling goes away. I don't know if it ever does. I don't know if you ever do stop learning really.''' ,'''That was very much a possibility with doing the movie for 'The Inbetweeners'. We didn't know if it was going to work or if people were going to like it.''' ,'''I think I was a pretty ordinary teenager, boring, just played video games with my mates and went to the pub, stuff like that. Just very normal.''' ,'''I would rather watch 'Blackadder' thousands of times. I'm sure there are people who probably watch 'The Inbetweeners' that much.''' ,'''My wife's a really keen baker, and her mother is also a really keen baker, so they were giving me a little hand over the weekend, and giving me tips, things like that.''' ,]
+++