+++
author = "Lukasz Fabianski"
title = "Lukasz Fabianski Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Lukasz Fabianski Quotes"
keywords = "lukasz fabianski,lukasz fabianski quotes,lukasz fabianski quote,lukasz fabianski sayings,lukasz fabianski saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have the idea that when you put yourself through hard, detailed training, and you put a lot of attention into all the little details - the analysis of the opposition, the movement and understanding of the game, the way your opponent plays - then you shouldn't be afraid of making mistakes.''' ,'''As an athlete living in a very competitive environment there are always times when you are questioned. It's up to you to prove people wrong and I really enjoy that.''' ,'''I just like documentaries.''' ,'''I think the idea of crazy goalkeepers is an old thing, really.''' ,'''If you do all the little things - like being in the right position, pressing at the right moments, working for the team in a smart way - if you do all those things as a group, then at the end of the game, you will be rewarded. Once you stop doing that as a group, the opposition will always find some gaps, some spaces.''' ,'''I had come from Poland and the attention on you is much bigger when you get to the Premier League, so everything was doubled or tripled. Obviously, there were times when I struggled to deal with the criticism.''' ,'''I've heard stories about keepers who couldn't stand each other. Everyone in football has a big ego and we all think we should play. But it is not up to me that I or the other goalie is not playing.''' ,'''Over the years I think I have developed a better understanding of being a goalkeeper - and I mean on and off the pitch. I mean how to deal with certain situations, how to prepare myself for games, how to read the game. I think I needed to leave Arsenal to do that.''' ,'''I just try and be helpful to the players in every way possible.''' ,'''I don't really like talking too much about myself, but I have this feeling that it's all clicking for me. It's all coming together.''' ,'''You go into every game knowing that somebody wants to compete with you and take your place. There is no easy option and you always have to prove yourself.''' ,'''Even when there was a difficult time for me I was always focused on my job or I was always working hard. That is the only way I think you can achieve something.''' ,'''Put it this way, I'm a romantic, emotional guy that lives and breathes football and believes in fairytale stories; 'Rocky,' things like that.''' ,'''I am from a very humble working class family and was told that whatever circumstances I find myself in that I must stay the same person, be myself.''' ,'''I will always be grateful to Arsenal for bringing me into the best league in the world, but Swansea have given me what I always wanted, and as No. 1, I want to pay them back.''' ,'''Swansea invested in me. They took a chance on me because I was a second-choice goalkeeper with not much experience when it comes to Premier League games.''' ,'''I think all the people I met at the club at Swansea, they deserved the respect they showed me over the time I was there.''' ,'''I think that's the worst thing that can happen, when you start thinking too much. I don't like that so I just talk to my players because then you do not have time to think.''' ,'''I'm not a political guy, but living here in the U.K., in Swansea, is great for me and my family.''' ,'''Over the years, I was always training hard, no matter what position I was in.''' ,'''When there is a mistake in the game, or even half a mistake, I think I'm quite smart enough to know that I could have, and should have, done better in the situation.''' ,'''I was always respectful to Arsene and I think he respected me for that. We had a good relationship and understanding. We spoke a lot after going through many ups and downs and, overall, I'm very proud of the way I finished my career with Arsenal.''' ,'''Even though I was sitting on the bench at Arsenal, I made myself prepare like I was going to play, thinking about the game properly. I had to be ready.''' ,'''There is no comfort zone. You continue to work hard, to be consistent and to deliver performances.''' ,'''When I came to Swansea, no one said to me: 'Whatever happens you're going to be No. 1.' But I felt I would at least have the chance to start or be given an opportunity and then it would be up to me to take it.''' ,'''There were periods when I was first-choice keeper and was starting to consolidate my position when out of the blue I got injured. It happened a few times and it really unsettled me.''' ,'''I've had some bad moments in my career and maybe I started to really understand the game a bit later than some.''' ,'''I had some poor matches, but nobody's perfect.''' ,'''People watch me because I am a footballer, not because I wear a nice watch.''' ,'''Having grown up in Poland, it is a dream come true for me to be playing every week in the Premier League as the No. 1 goalkeeper.''' ,'''When I decided to leave Arsenal, I also decided that I would only be interested in playing in England or Germany. Why Swansea? I think it is the best place for me to make progress.''' ,'''For me, it is a dream come true to play in the Premier League as a No. 1 goalkeeper.''' ,'''Of course, I made some mistakes as Arsenal goalie but I am sure that people also remember that I was unlucky with injuries.''' ,'''I wanted to prove myself on the pitch, but I didn't have many chances, so it put a lot more pressure on every single game that I played. I found myself in situations where I was so keen to show my qualities, but many times it worked against me and I was punished for being too eager.''' ,'''I think I'm very consistent, that's the right word.''' ,'''You have to just keep working hard and hopefully it will pay off.''' ,'''It's tricky because obviously when you join a new club, from the very first day, everyone looks at you and tries to see if you are good enough. That's more or less what you have to go through. Then the other thing is that when I signed for West Ham nobody told me I was going to be number one.''' ,'''Arsene Wenger gave me the belief to keep working and competing. He was not talking to me every day, 'I believe in you,' but it was every now and again. The right amount.''' ,'''Since I moved to the U.K., it has been ten years almost, I have never had any issue. My boy, Jan, was born in London and people have been great to me. I have been really happy living here.''' ,'''At Arsenal and the so-called big clubs, you always know that there will be a bigger spotlight on every single position.''' ,'''Before my last year at Arsenal, when we won the FA Cup, I was really up and down, never really consistent, and never really put my mark on the team. I understand that then there were question marks over my name.''' ,'''When I played for Arsenal, like once per month, you always had this feeling you had to perform.''' ,'''You make mistakes to learn from them.''' ,]
+++