+++
author = "Aditya Roy Kapur"
title = "Aditya Roy Kapur Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Aditya Roy Kapur Quotes"
keywords = "aditya roy kapur,aditya roy kapur quotes,aditya roy kapur quote,aditya roy kapur sayings,aditya roy kapur saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People seem to know more about me than I do.''' ,'''I am not in the habit of putting a ring on my own finger.''' ,'''My first breakup happened when I was in standard 9th. I remember being very lost, and for me, it was like the end of the world, and I will never find another girl.''' ,'''I write songs, and there is a definite need to express myself through my music.''' ,'''My first date was when I was in school. I remember I took her out, and we had sandwiches because I didn't have any money, but it was fun.''' ,'''I don't think you can ever remake a classic.''' ,'''Habib Faisal is a wonderful director.''' ,'''I believe one is not going to get anywhere by sitting and planning too much. The point is to keep doing, and what will happen will happen.''' ,'''I've heard how people are asking each other to 'Netflix and chill,' so I think it's kind of fun. I'd do that!''' ,'''Sometimes, I sit with my guitar and start playing... something or the other pops into my head... Basically, I write whatever that comes to my mind. I've written a lot of songs, but they are lying in my cupboard... I mean to do something about them someday.''' ,'''It's exciting to work with stars, but there is no reason to be nervous because in the initial stages of my career, I have worked with Akshay Kumar, Aishwarya Rai, Salman Khan... I have worked with these stars, so nervousness has gone out my system after that.''' ,'''There is lot of advice that I take from my brothers, as I am the youngest one. They give lot of advice to me.''' ,'''With age and experience, I started to know myself better.''' ,'''What normally we see is the finished product, someone's performance on screen, but behind the scenes, a lot goes into it.''' ,'''It's a good addition to get a female perspective.''' ,'''Don't let any issue carry over to the next day. Talk about it all before you hit the bed.''' ,'''Being single isn't all that bad, as you can be selfish and focus on yourself and your career.''' ,'''I didn't like the idea of acting back in school. Both my brothers were into it.''' ,'''I don't want to do only one film a year; I want to work more.''' ,'''I can't do a film just for the sake of it.''' ,'''When in a relationship, you are responsible for another person, too. I don't want to commit unless I am absolutely ready.''' ,'''Live-in relationships are common these days; that's why so many movies are being made on the subject.''' ,'''By the time I finished my first three films, I realised this is something I want to do for a long time, learn, and grow in.''' ,'''I am all about old school romance. I love everything about the classic relationships.''' ,'''I had never thought I would be an actor.''' ,'''When I was a VJ, people told me I will be an actor. I used to laugh.''' ,'''One cheat meal is fine, but keep it at one, because if you do another, then it's a slippery slope.''' ,'''Failure of a film doesn't diminish my love for acting.''' ,'''Yes, I will probably concentrate on solo roles, but I would not say no to multi-starrers if they come from good directors and with a good script. I would allow myself the freedom to do it.''' ,'''I'm not going to do a film unless there's something in it to excite me.''' ,'''As actors, when we keep working every day, after a point of time, we just know all our emotional cards and how to play them.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it's a business; people want to make money. That's the intention with every film. It happens for some movies. For others, it doesn't.''' ,'''At the end of the day, filmmaking is a business. You want everyone to make money.''' ,'''I am not a cook at all. It wasn't difficult to play a chef because it was not about knowing recipes. I just had to look comfortable in the kitchen.''' ,'''In 'Kalank,' I am playing a character, which is quite strong, quiet a little complex yet interesting, that drew me towards the character when I heard the narration from director Abhishek Varman.''' ,'''Every young actor wants this feeling of being the solo lead in a film.''' ,'''At times, it is hard to say no to a film, but that happens, because you can't do a film due to date issues.''' ,'''People have been writing songs and poems since the time we had brains.''' ,'''I have seen 'OK Kanmani,' and I really enjoyed it. I loved Dulquer's performance. I became a fan of his after seeing his work in the film. I would love to meet him.''' ,'''There are a couple of stories that I have in my head for which I feel like I should collaborate with people. So yes, if I would like to direct, I would also like to write whatever I direct.''' ,'''There's nothing like work to take your mind off setbacks.''' ,'''Hopefully, I will be meeting the right person one day.''' ,''''Aashiqui 2' and 'Yeh Jawaani' were hit films, especially the former film in which I was the protagonist.''' ,'''If you have Katrina Kaif standing in front of you, you will be full of passion. Passion is natural to me where Katrina is concerned.''' ,'''Rahul Jaykar, my character in 'Aashiqui 2,' was a talented musician battling his demons, while Noor Nizami, my character in 'Fitoor,' is an artist who spends his entire life in pursuit of the love of his muse, Firdaus.''' ,'''I am happy that, post-'Aashiqui 2,' I am getting opportunities to work with big names.''' ,'''I would like to believe that I would have made a good cricketer.''' ,'''I was never disheartened that I did not get solo hero movies.''' ,'''When 'Fitoor' didn't work, it affected me a lot. It hurts when a film doesn't do well.''' ,'''A film like 'Aashiqui 2' needed to happen for people to see me in the capacity of a hero. I am getting a lot of opportunities, as people have recognised the potential in me.''' ,'''I like training alone. Otherwise, I find I get too dependent on someone else for motivation.''' ,'''It's not a conscious decision that I only want to do romantic films.''' ,'''When I was young, in my early films, the freshness, and the raw element in my presence on-screen was coming from my youth, and that naturally goes away with time. But the challenge of an actor is to retain the wonder and innocence alive.''' ,'''The dos are drink lots of water, get enough fibre and carbs as well, as they are important. The don'ts are don't be too extreme with any diet; it can really end up harming your system and immunity.''' ,'''I wanted to become a cricketer primarily because the idea of playing in front of 40,000 odd people gave me an adrenaline rush.''' ,'''When I see a contemporary deliver a good performance, I get inspired to do better. I don't sit and mull over other people's successes; that can be unhealthy.''' ,'''I look back - I think I am an accidental actor.''' ,'''I'm happy in my own world, and I'm also a good boy.''' ,'''I would love to do an action film.''' ,'''I'm passionate about my work.''' ,'''I don't think about how much business my films will make.''' ,'''I've always been a quiet person.''' ,'''Like any other actor, I want to be part of good projects.''' ,'''It's not a matter of being choosy as an actor but a matter of liking the right script.''' ,'''Music was a part of my life even before acting happened. But I mostly play my guitar only for myself and sometimes when jamming with my friends.''' ,'''There are lots of offers that I am getting. I can't complain.''' ,'''I'd love to do comedy.''' ,'''Both my parents are wonderful cooks - my father looks like he has been in the kitchen his whole life.''' ,'''Sure, it can happen that the director sees you in a particular genre, and they like your work in that genre; they tend to think that you can only do well in that genre.''' ,'''When you are working with someone who is so aware of what they do, you become better, too.''' ,'''Even when I was doing supporting roles, I always had this belief that one day the opportunity to play a lead would come my way.''' ,'''Now that I have joined Instagram, I think I'm on it less than before. Earlier, I used to be there all the time. I'm enjoying it because it's where you have complete control on what you're putting out, as you want it. I don't feel there's a compulsion to be active.''' ,'''I never get sullen, sad, or envious, because those emotions will get me nowhere.''' ,'''Before signing 'Dawat-E-Ishq,' I came across few more offers, but none of them interested me. This film has a soul, and I went for it.''' ,'''I am happiest when I am on the sets.''' ,'''I am not good with PR or in projecting a certain image of myself, and I don't give clarifications about rumours; that's it.''' ,'''I believe in the institution of marriage. I want to get married and start a family.''' ,'''I didn't grow up watching Hindi films and loving them, or wanting to become a Bollywood actor. That, to me, was the most fantastical idea.''' ,'''Daawat-E-Ishq' did not do as well as we expected, so yes, when a film doesn't do as well as you wanted it to, it hurts, especially after you have put your sweat and blood on it.''' ,'''I have been in relationships, and I felt that I was in love, but I don't know if love lasts forever.''' ,'''Sometimes smell can take you back to places.''' ,'''Once I like something, I will eat it again and again.''' ,'''I'm a city boy, born and brought up in Mumbai. I talk fast, have a certain sense of humour, and have grown up watching Jackie Chan movies.''' ,'''I love all kinds of genres. I watch all kinds of movies.''' ,'''I never grew up on a staple diet of Hindi cinema. In fact, when I was a VJ, I was averse to it. Purely because I could never imagine myself being an actor.''' ,'''I have no qualms in going for hair weaving or transplant.''' ,'''If a film does not do well, there is a certain period when you do feel low. It affects you because you put in a lot of effort.''' ,'''When you are repeating your co-star, it's good to bring something new to the equation on screen.''' ,'''When you work for long, you know things about your craft, but how differently you are going to project it so that it can still look new is what I am constantly trying.''' ,'''I think live-in relationship works for a few people, and it doesn't for others. I have never done it, so I can't speak about the pros and cons. I don't know if that will work for me or not, but I am definitely not close to the idea. For an arrangement like that to succeed, one needs to have the right feeling for the right person.''' ,'''I remember, post the release of 'Aashiqui 2,' there was a girl from Kolkata who was waiting outside my building for six days, and that's crazy. She should have just called me; I would have gone and met her.''' ,'''The failure of 'OK Jaanu' hit me hard.''' ,'''As an actor, I feel one should use his look to trick people.''' ,'''I find it tough to ride my bike around Bandra because people recognise me now.''' ,'''If I want to be a leading man in a film, box office numbers count because producers have invested money. I see no wrong in that process.''' ,'''As an actor, technically, when you are off a film, you are out of a job. An actor goes from job to job. By virtue, acting is an unsure profession.''' ,'''Over the years I've grown to love the industry, my job, and the profession itself. It's been a journey full of ups and downs. For the first few years, it was a journey of self discovery where I grew to love acting while acting.''' ,'''My mom was working through my childhood, so I would be running around Mumbai from one dance class to another with my mom carrying the tape recorder with me. I would sit on the sidelines and watch her teach dance.''' ,'''I went on a diet after 'Daawat-e-Ishq.' It was tough to resist eating because we were in Lucknow and Hyderabad, and the food over there is amazing.''' ,]
+++