+++
author = "Michael Buble"
title = "Michael Buble Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Michael Buble Quotes"
keywords = "michael buble,michael buble quotes,michael buble quote,michael buble sayings,michael buble saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have the most eclectic audience - I've got gay, I've got straight, black, white, rich, poor, young, old, in 45 countries. And they don't all come because I'm the Sinatra kid, though that's a big part of it. My biggest successes have come from pop songs that I write myself.''' ,'''Record companies worrying more about market share than developing artists - I hear there was a time when if your first record didn't sell 8m copies, you were still given a chance to grow as a songwriter.''' ,'''I have a tendency to sabotage relationships; I have a tendency to sabotage everything. Fear of success, fear of failure, fear of being afraid. Useless, good-for-nothing thoughts.''' ,'''My favorite music is '80s music which drives people around me crazy. I really love it.''' ,'''Every time a new rock singer comes out they don't say, 'Are you the new John Lennon?' Every time a new rapper comes out, it's not, 'Are you the new Dre?' I am never sure why this sort of genre, the categorization is so strong. I have not earned the right to be called the young Sinatra, but give me time.''' ,'''I love Christmas. I'm really sentimental about it. My parents made it awesome for us, and we were allowed to be kids for a long time.''' ,'''My entire life has been inspired by how my family has made me feel.''' ,'''The greatest records in the world were made without going to Auto-tune or Pro Tools, or having some click track. If they could do it, why can't we? Something's been lost in music. It's all been over-produced, squashed down, totally compressed.''' ,'''I think laughter and stimulating conversation are the things that truly make a romantic evening.''' ,'''The artist that had the biggest impact on me was Michael Jackson. He was my Elvis and Beatles. When I was 15, I listened to a lot of Sinatra, but my jean jacket didn't have, 'I love Frank' on it, it had, 'I love AC/DC', 'Guns N Roses', 'Pearl Jam'. I thought Eddie Vedder was the second coming.''' ,'''The fame is the downside. I can't think of many positive things about it - except that when I go to parties, I don't have to stand there like a lemon.''' ,'''People have certain ideas of what they think you should be, and I have fought that categorisation my whole life.''' ,'''I can't do something just because it's popular.''' ,'''Not that I'm some rocker, but what I do in a show is probably far more aggressive than what Dean Martin or Bobby Darin ever did.''' ,'''It turns out that I'm far too schizophrenic musically for people to categorize me. I think people judge me a lot before they ever really know who I am.''' ,'''Family is what matters. The health of my children is No.1. The relationship with my family, my wife, my faith - all of it is easily No. 1.''' ,'''When pop and rock were taking over from jazz, and Sinatra was covering a Beatles song, it was all very new. I get to come at it from a different direction.''' ,'''I enjoy the small things.''' ,'''I thought without a doubt I would be a fisherman.''' ,'''There are a lot of people - and time does this - who are going to be severely embarrassed for their bias and intolerance. And they're going to have to live with that; that's going to be their legacy. I refuse to have that as part of my legacy.''' ,'''There will never be another Frank Sinatra. I never wanted to be another Frank Sinatra. I only wanted to be another Michael Buble.''' ,'''Having two boys of my own who I love more than I'll ever love myself, I can't tell you how crushing it would be if they couldn't feel that they could tell their father that they were gay - or different in any way.''' ,'''Look at Neil Diamond. Was he the cool guy? No, he was the housewives' guy. He didn't try to be what he wasn't. He just did what he did - made great music, was a good entertainer, nice-enough guy.''' ,'''The money never mattered. I'm not kidding you. It hasn't really brought me any kind of happiness.''' ,'''I always felt it was weird, that retro thing where guys showed up in zoot suits and tried to talk as if they were from some other time.''' ,'''A lot changed the moment I had kids; I had no idea of the perspective it would give me. It made making the right decisions a lot easier.''' ,'''The success is worth nothing to me if I can't share it with the people I love.''' ,'''I get to study and I got to mimic and what I basically did was I stole from every person that I could steal from. I was an imitator. That's what I was. It was years before I could take all of these things that I loved about all of these different artists and put them together and find my voice.''' ,'''I actually own works of art I've always wanted to own - I collect photographs by the late William Claxton. I met him in L.A.; later, he agreed to shoot the cover for my album 'Call Me Irresponsible' for free. I was so fat at the time, and he made me look as good as I possibly could.''' ,'''This is why I wanted to be different and why I wanted to have power and fame and money: because I wanted to be attractive to the opposite sex. I'd be lying to you if I didn't say that was a big part of it.''' ,'''I just don't want people to think I'm too sweet of a boy; and little miss angel boy, because I'm going to get caught doing somebody horrible.''' ,'''I truly thought I'd never come back to music.''' ,'''When grandpa was ill and could've died, I would have swapped all my record sales so he could get well. He is the reason I am a singer. He was my best friend growing up.''' ,'''Other artists, they write 13 songs, and hopefully one or two of them are successful singles. And the other 11, for the most part, are filler.''' ,'''I was three or four, and my mother would have a Bing Crosby record playing through the house. It was my introduction to jazz, harmonies, melodies, musicianship, and emotion.''' ,'''I think empathy is romantic. I think humor is romantic. Kindness is romantic. I think those kind of gestures of caring and love are romantic.''' ,'''I am a candid interview and I have a dark and dry sense of humor - a very Canadian sense of humor and I am only learning now stupidly that you can't read tongue. When I say something funny in a newspaper and I meant it to be funny, it doesn't read that way.''' ,'''Perspective has allowed me to rekindle my love of music.''' ,'''I don't want to be the flavor, the passing thing that the girls scream at. I think that it's more important for me, honestly, that the guy who gets dragged to the show, you know, looks at his wife and says, thank you, that was great and tells his buddies.''' ,'''Sandalwood is one of the ingredients in Tam Dao, the perfume that I love from Diptyque.''' ,'''I connect emotionally to these songs. I mean what I say when I say it, and that allows your audience to connect. That's the number-one reason why any music is successful, because you make people feel something.''' ,'''I want to be around for a long time. I want this to be a career. I want to sing like Tony Bennett. I want to be an old man and I want to go through all the ups and downs and I wanna still love what I do.''' ,'''I think I'm a mama's boy who wanted to be a hockey player, who failed, and had to become a singer. I think that I'm a generous, impatient, kind, jerk.''' ,'''I think the legacy we leave is our family. I don't think it's money. I don't think it's - I'm not saying that charity isn't a great thing. I just think that it's my family. Even now I look and I think, God, I'm lucky if I lost it all.''' ,]
+++