+++
author = "Lee Pace"
title = "Lee Pace Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Lee Pace Quotes"
keywords = "lee pace,lee pace quotes,lee pace quote,lee pace sayings,lee pace saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''With TV, you have so much to get done during the day that you don't really have a lot of time to feel your way through it. I know before I walk on the set exactly what I'm going to do. With film you can kind of find your way in it a little more, play with it some.''' ,'''I grew up in a house with dogs. We always had dogs. We always had a bunch of dogs, actually.''' ,'''I left school my senior year to do a play at the Alley Theatre in Houston, Texas. Then while I was doing a play, I auditioned for Juilliard. I got in over the summer, and they told me, 'You have to graduate high school to come here. You don't need the SATs, but you do need to graduate high school.' I finished over the summer through correspondence.''' ,'''It's kind of really fun to get to dress up, because you take yourself a little more seriously if you dress nice in a starched shirt.''' ,'''What I enjoy most about 'The Lord of the Rings' is that extended cut. To be able to sit there on a Sunday afternoon and watch 'The Lord of the Rings' from beginning to end is pretty fun.''' ,'''I've dated men. I've dated women. I don't know why anyone would care.''' ,'''It's one of the things I love about my job: it's my job to help a director tell the story, to just be willing to help.''' ,'''I tried surfing once in Brazil, but I'm kind of clumsy.''' ,'''I had a fantastic time working on 'Twilight.' I loved our director Bill Condon. He was an absolute pleasure to work with.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I played 'Super Mario Bros' and 'Megaman 2' and '3' for hours and hours, trying to convince my mother they were good for me because they helped my hand-eye coordination. They influenced a whole generation of people to make computers what they are now, through problem-solving and so on.''' ,'''I am a huge Michael Jackson fan.''' ,'''Trust me: if I had something interesting to say about myself, I would.''' ,'''I love that you work out relationships with people as you're filming just to get something real to play on screen.''' ,'''It's not my business to think about the business; it's my business to think about the character. Sure, there have been times in my career where I wished I was more popular or more this or more that - but that's just stupid.''' ,'''I don't really get recognized.''' ,'''When you play the king of elves and alien warlords, little me is very uninteresting. But, at the same time, actors feel this obligation to be transparent, and I truly don't understand the point.''' ,'''' Daisies' is about a guy touching dead people and bringing them back to life. It's kind of morbid, you know. But there's a love to it. There's a kind-heartedness to it that I think makes it - I don't know; it's a good thing to put out there in the world, so I'm glad people responded.''' ,'''I grew up in the Middle East. My folks have a very thick, kind of Oklahoma accent; that's where I was born. But we moved to the Middle East right after I was born, so I guess we were surrounded by English people and French people.''' ,'''I had a Commodore, and then I remember getting a Nintendo for Christmas and it being a total game-changer. And the hours that I would spend playing the video game and trying to convince my mother that it was improving my hand-eye coordination. It was a worthy use of time. It made my hand-eye coordination better!''' ,'''A month before graduation I got an off-Broadway job. Then I did some commercials, including one for MCI. You can only see half of me, but it paid well. Thank God for commercials.''' ,'''If I'm, like, in a grocery store, I don't get recognized that much, but it's like, you know, when someone comes up to me and says, 'Hey, I'm a big 'Pushing Daisies' fan,' you just feel like, 'Oh, wow - you're the one who watched it. So nice to meet you.'''' ,'''I'd forgotten it's an important thing to give thought to your morality and how you intend to live your life.''' ,'''The roles I think about and can't stop thinking about - on the subway, when I'm riding my bike, when I'm running - are the things I connect to.''' ,'''Not even my excellent training at Juilliard prepared me for my first movie role, where I played a transsexual who falls in love with a military guy in 'Soldier's Girl.'''' ,''''Kill Bill' is one of my favorite movies of all time.''' ,'''It is a total treat to get to work with James Cromwell.''' ,'''I think people are really picky about English accents. When a Brit comes over here and kind of does an OK American accent, everyone's like, 'You were great! Fantastic!' But in England, even if you were doing a pretty good accent, they're like, 'But where are you from?' 'London.' 'What part of London?' Accents are really precious over there.''' ,'''Peter Jackson has the sort of imagination that no one else has.''' ,'''I picked up reading late because I grew up dyslexic. When I went to college, a friend who was a big reader got me started on a number of writers, including Hemingway.''' ,'''I think Peter Jackson and Philippa Boyens have very carefully plotted 'The Hobbit' out so that it does feel like the starting point for 'The Lord of the Rings.'''' ,'''It's important to complete things and finish what you started.''' ,'''The older I get, the happier I am with the way my career has gone. Although, in many ways, it's been through no design of my own.''' ,'''It's totally fun to play troublemakers - totally.''' ,'''Who cares about people's personal lives? I mean, honestly. How are you then able to disappear into a role?''' ,'''It's the writers' job to make it positive. It's my job to make it real.''' ,]
+++