+++
author = "Paula White"
title = "Paula White Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Paula White Quotes"
keywords = "paula white,paula white quotes,paula white quote,paula white sayings,paula white saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I encounter thousands of people, millions of people, over the course of ministry, but there's been a handful of people that I knew was like, this was direct assignment.''' ,'''The President's extraordinary commitment to religious liberty has been obvious since the very beginning of his presidency - just two weeks after his inauguration, Donald Trump attended the National Prayer Breakfast where he stressed the importance of preserving and cherishing religious values.''' ,'''I preach in countries if I say 'Jesus Christ is the only way, the truth and the life,' they'll arrest me.''' ,'''Life events will not define who you are. God says who you are.''' ,'''Even after 'Unplanned' was 'in the can,' its woes weren't over. Every TV network except Fox News and the Christian Broadcasting Network refused to run ads for its release.''' ,'''God knew everything I would go through before I ever went through it.''' ,'''If we are going to be compassionate, we have to have stricter border security and laws.''' ,'''It is through our prayers, through our acts of faith that God works in partnership with us.''' ,'''It has been falsely reported that I once filed for bankruptcy and - my personal favorite - that I deny the Trinity.''' ,'''I can write 100 books on the wisdom and lessons from stories in the Bible.''' ,'''God has never failed. I can sit here and say this. There is not anything in my life that I've prayed according to the word of God and I've not seen God answer.''' ,'''There is a department of treasury in Heaven, which says God is watching over everything you do and you are storing up eternal treasure that will go so far beyond what we can even imagine.''' ,'''If I believe authority is raised by God - I understand I don't understand all things. And what those purposes are. He's a sovereign God.''' ,'''What makes America great is that we were founded on a Judeo-Christian nation. That's very important for us to understand.''' ,'''To say no to President Trump would be saying no to God.''' ,'''I want you to hear from God. God already spoke to me what I'm going to write out. You're going to write your checks to Paula White Ministries. If God tells you to give $12.99, do it. Whatever the Holy Spirit speaks to you. If you need to give by credit card, do so.''' ,'''I preach salvation by grace through faith alone. I preach for the repentance of sin.''' ,'''Norman Vincent Peale brought the Gospel in a very practical way in our time of history for not only New York but our nation and also the Trump family.''' ,'''First Fruits is more than just an offering... it's a principle.''' ,'''I've had six different doctors say that I had to take the stress, the pressure out of my life.''' ,'''Liberals may mock people of faith who believe he was chosen to protect their values, but I believe Donald Trump is fulfilling his pledges and I pray he will continue to lead with divine guidance.''' ,'''There's a lot of people that have influenced Mr. Trump's life.''' ,'''The way he discovered Paula White was watching Christian television and Mr. Trump has always been a huge fan. He'd always watch Christian television. He loves Southern Gospel.''' ,'''As the producers of 'Unplanned' learned, there is no article of faith so central to Hollywood as abortion.''' ,'''That's the principle I teach - find your passion in life and figure out a way to make money.''' ,'''First Fruits has impacted my life personally and the lives of countless others!''' ,'''I never heard the Gospel until I was 18 years old. Jesus Christ... the name was synonymous to me as the Tooth Fairy or Santa Claus.''' ,'''Bernie Sanders has never asked me, but I'm just saying if he did ask me to pray for him, I would.''' ,'''I think so many people have taken biblical scriptures out of context on this, to say stuff like, 'Well, Jesus was a refugee.' And yes, he did live in Egypt for three and a half years. But it was not illegal. If he had broke the law, then he would have been sinful and he would not have been our Messiah.''' ,'''I have authentic wisdom to share with others.''' ,'''Anyone who tells you to deny yourself is from Satan.''' ,'''In the Hebrew language, there's no such word as coincidence.''' ,'''There is creative power in your mouth right now. God spoke and created the universe; you have creative power to speak life and death! If you believe God, you can create anything in your life.''' ,'''Let every demonic network that has aligned itself against the purpose, against the calling of President Trump, let it be broken, let it be torn down in the name of Jesus.''' ,'''I have been accused of so many things that are so untrue. Some of those accusations persist despite their being entirely false, but I'll just continue preaching the Gospel.''' ,'''For anyone who right now is hurting, for anyone who feels beneath a baseline, feels so isolated and lonely, know that you are not alone. First and foremost, you have a God that is going to sit closer than a brother.''' ,'''Our country, though it is not a theocracy, you will not understand democracy if you don't understand the biblical foundations and traditions and foundation of Christianity and of our faith.''' ,'''I do not believe in the 'prosperity Gospel' as I've been accused of believing it. I do believe that all good things come from God, and I also believe that God teaches us so much through our suffering.''' ,'''Everyone needs a safe place in life, and pastors can be people's safe place.''' ,'''Listen to 100 of my sermons, and 80 or 90 of them will be about overcoming our struggles and the lessons God teaches us in valleys he allows us to enter.''' ,'''I have been called a heretic, an apostate, an adulterer, a charlatan and an addict.''' ,'''I pray for John McArthur. I pray for, that God would tender his heart. I pray that he would have eyes of understanding.''' ,'''In life, even in our own personal life, we find our self at times fighting against the hand of God. And I believe that. In other words, we can be a rebellious and stubborn people, individually, nationally, or corporately.''' ,'''In my ministry, I've been fortunate to privately advise many national leaders, celebrities and people of unusual influence.''' ,'''I don't just get to wiggle my nose and money drops out of the sky.''' ,'''Not everything is perfect in my life, but I don't think everything is perfect in anybody's life.''' ,'''I have led many high-profile people to the Lord.''' ,'''As always, I am receptive to whatever doors God may open.''' ,'''The Bible is the inerrant word of God.''' ,'''I believe when people can find out who they are, then you can be equipped to handle life's situations.''' ,'''A good pastor knows when they can't put two sentences together.''' ,'''The difference between tithe and first fruit, first fruit is all of it. All of what? Well, if you want to bring God all of one day's salary, one week's salary or one month's salary, that's between you and God... I try to bring a month's salary, but at the very least every year I give God a week's salary.''' ,'''We are the hope to this world because this nation was dedicated with little white crosses that were marked along the beaches down by Virginia Beach and Plymouth that were marked and said we dedicate this land to take the Gospel to the nations and once the Gospel is taken to the nations we usher in the return of the Lord.''' ,'''Long after Donald Trump is no longer President Trump, I know there will still be a relationship there.''' ,'''Each January, I put God first and honor him with the first of our substance by sowing a first fruits offering of one month's pay. That is a big sacrifice, but it is a seed for the harvest I am believing for in the coming year. And God always provides!''' ,'''I know that President-elect Trump has a personal relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ. We've had in-depth conversations about God.''' ,'''I felt a mandate to go on TV.''' ,'''January is the beginning of a new year for us in the Western world. Let us give to God what belongs to him: the first hours of our day, the first month of the year, the first of our increase, the first in every area of our life. It's devoted... The principle of first fruits is that when you give God the first, he governs the rest and redeems in.''' ,'''No one sets their life out and says, 'Boy, this is what I think I'm going to go through.'''' ,'''I declare that President Trump will overcome every strategy from hell and every strategy from the enemy, and he will fulfill his calling and his destiny. I secure his calling, I secure his purpose, I secure his family, and we secure victory in the name which is above every name - the name of Jesus Christ.''' ,'''Do I believe that God is a sugar daddy? Not at all.''' ,'''There's so many things that God has given me.''' ,'''Anyone that's ever listened to my message knows very well, that I believe in very solid biblical beliefs.''' ,'''I never called myself into ministry. God called me when I was 18 years old to preach the Gospel so I've preached the Gospel.''' ,'''The theme of my life is overcoming. It is my personal mantra and what I help other people do.''' ,'''Powerful messages that defend life and celebrate true heroines can't be contained, not even by the best efforts of some of the most powerful liberals on the planet.''' ,'''I was in New York for many years.''' ,'''I believe and have always believed in the virgin birth, and the second coming.''' ,'''I will stay faithful to what God has called me to do all the days of my life, and I don't try to figure it out.''' ,'''There have been times that I have taken prayer cloths that have been anointed as a point of contact. I put them in my loved ones sneakers, I put them under their bed. I put them on parts of my body that I believe God for healing.''' ,'''You can't be a spiritual adviser and not pray.''' ,'''God used Donald Trump in my life as much as I was used in his life.''' ,'''People are going to say some pretty ridiculous things all the time.''' ,'''Because God says that he raises up and places all people in places of authority, it is God who raises up a king. It is God that sets one down.''' ,'''After spending time around Donald Trump I find myself inspired by his vision, thought process, keen insight, and overall discipline. He's a brilliant thinker who tends to walk several steps ahead of the masses. I want to share his wisdom with the world in my own way.''' ,'''We are not supposed to die until we are empty.''' ,'''I was always told I was Daddy's little girl. In fact, we owned toy stores, and I would run in and want to get the latest toy off the shelf. My mom would say no way, and my dad would say, 'Get whatever you want, baby.'''' ,'''Do I believe God raises up authority? Do I believe he sets one up and puts one down?... I don't believe that just for Trump, I believe that had Hillary been in. I believe that for Obama.''' ,'''I came out of my momma's womb fighting.''' ,'''When you fight against the plan of God, you are fighting against the hand of God.''' ,'''I'm continuing to do what I have always done, which is minister to people with the ultimate goal of fulfilling God's plans for my life and ministry.''' ,'''Do I recognize that I've been labeled as a prosperity preacher? I recognize that.''' ,'''I don't think any of us that are white can ever fully understand what it's like to be a black person in America today.''' ,'''What matters to the evangelical community is Supreme Court justices, economy, religious liberty, Israel, lower courts, human trafficking and abortion.''' ,'''Life labeled me, people gave up on me, and thought that there was no hope, but God takes the people who have been cast aside and look like trash. God's in the recycling business. He recycles that trash and brings forth treasure.''' ,'''I believe and have always believed in the Holy Trinity.''' ,'''Mr. Trump is totally and entirely pro-life.''' ,'''God must trust some with money and fame because there are people He wants to reach.''' ,'''In the New Testament, Jesus talks more about stewardship and finances and management of your life than anything else outside the love of God.''' ,'''I try to walk in the lane God wants for me, working on immigration, prison reform, strengthening the family through my ministry.''' ,'''A lot of evangelicals have grown accustomed to feeling used by the political process. Every politician appeals to us, every one wants to hear us out during the campaign, but then things change once they get into office.''' ,'''We've all said and done things we... wish we'd done differently.''' ,'''God is such a good God.''' ,'''Promotion is absolutely essential in the movie business.''' ,'''We acknowledge we are a blessed nation with a rich history of faith and fortitude, with a future that is filled with promise and purpose.''' ,'''The Democrats and the mainstream media shouldn't be so quick to mock White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders for suggesting that President Trump was chosen by God to lead this country.''' ,'''I often say 'I didn't write the script, but I'm learning to live it out with the best of my ability for the honor of God, with dignity, with grace, with favor, embracing His word.'''' ,'''I don't give up on people. I don't have a dimmer switch. It's who I am. Until I am kicked out, I will be with you. I don't abandon people. I just don't.''' ,'''God lays claim to all firsts. So when you keep for yourself something that belongs to God you are desecrating what is to be consecrated to God.''' ,'''Wherever I go, God rules. When I walk on White House grounds, God walks on White House grounds. I have every right and authority to declare the White House holy ground, because I was standing there and where I stand is holy.''' ,]
+++