+++
author = "Deborra-Lee Furness"
title = "Deborra-Lee Furness Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Deborra-Lee Furness Quotes"
keywords = "deborra-lee furness,deborra-lee furness quotes,deborra-lee furness quote,deborra-lee furness sayings,deborra-lee furness saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I only eat organic. I love salads and believe food is our best medicine. My son is so brainwashed, he thinks McDonald's is the devil.''' ,'''There's nothing more romantic after not seeing your husband for four months than to have our first night back together, on a Broadway stage, with 12 million people watching.''' ,'''The kids think we're wacky. Mum and Dad are in showbiz - they don't know any other way. They've grown up travelling all over the world and are getting a worldly education. My son is 12 and he can speak eloquently on religions and cultures.''' ,'''My kids don't slow down, but they like to hang just with us, with mum and dad. They play with us and we play, too.''' ,'''If I wasn't an actress, I'd be a designer. I love interior design and inventing things that are practical but also beautiful - looking at a space and creating magic.''' ,'''My secret indulgent food is dessert. I have an incredible sweet tooth - chocolate pudding with vanilla ice-cream or trifle and pavlova. I do love dessert.''' ,'''I know I'm being judged, and anyone who works in the public eye will get some negativity at some point. It can be tough and it hurts. I can be very tough on myself. Occasionally, I hear or read something cruel and I'm shocked.''' ,'''If you have a good self-esteem, you can be generous, you can give back and you can be productive in the world.''' ,'''My most amazing discovery was becoming a mother. It changed everything. I can't imagine my life without these little beings.''' ,'''You know, I'm still deciding what I'm going to be when I grow up.''' ,]
+++