+++
author = "Kip Thorne"
title = "Kip Thorne Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Kip Thorne Quotes"
keywords = "kip thorne,kip thorne quotes,kip thorne quote,kip thorne sayings,kip thorne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Gravitational waves will bring us exquisitely accurate maps of black holes - maps of their space-time. Those maps will make it crystal clear whether or not what we're dealing with are black holes as described by general relativity.''' ,'''As a true scientist, I have been proved wrong so many times that I'm very humble.''' ,'''I can enjoy 'Harry Potter' and 'Star Trek,' but I really appreciate hard science fiction.''' ,'''Sending people into space is very important culturally. That's really the justification. You cannot rationally justify it on the basis of the science and technology we get out of it.''' ,'''We see no objects in our universe that could become wormholes as they age.''' ,'''We're going to need a definitive quantum theory of gravity, which is part of a grand unified theory - it's the main missing piece.''' ,'''I do hope that 'Interstellar' and this kind of science in film will catch the public fancy and help to reignite an interest in science - and a respect for the power of science in dealing with the problems that society has to deal with.''' ,'''Wormholes - if you don't have something threading through them to hold them open, the walls will basically collapse so fast that nothing can go through them.''' ,'''We have to have a combination of general relativity that describes the warping of space and time, and quantum physics, which describes the uncertainties in that warping and how they change.''' ,'''I got a lot of notoriety early on. Much of my career I was just trying to prove I was as good as the world thought I was.''' ,'''I'm a real klutz computationally, so Mathematica is just ideal for me.''' ,'''When you fall into a black hole, everything that falls in after you over millions of years, as seen by you inside the black hole, comes pounding down on you in a fraction of a second, because of the enormous differences of time flow.''' ,'''If you have somebody who's brilliant and highly creative with a different point of view than you have, and a very different intellectual background, great things can happen.''' ,'''The essential point is that, although coordinates are a powerful, and sometimes essential, tool in many calculations, the fundamental laws of physics can be expressed without the aid of coordinates; and, indeed, their coordinate-free expressions are generally elegant and exceedingly powerful.''' ,'''When Galileo first trained his optic telescope on the heavens and opened up modern optical astronomy, that was the first of the electromagnetic windows out of the universe: light.''' ,'''We'll have four different gravitational wave windows open within the next 20 years, and each of them will see something different. We'll be probing the birth of the universe with this. The so-called 'inflationary era' of the universe. We'll be probing the birth of the fundamental forces and how they came into being.''' ,'''I became interested in this question of whether you can build wormholes for interstellar travel. I realized that if you had a wormhole, the theory of general relativity by itself would permit you to go backward in time.''' ,'''The human race has a yearning to explore. That's part of our biological and psychological makeup.''' ,'''I wanted to be a snowplow driver when I was a kid. Growing up in the Rocky Mountains, that's the most glorious job you can imagine. But then my mother took me to a lecture about the solar system when I was 8, and I got hooked.''' ,'''It was quite a surprise when I realized that with a single wormhole you could have time hook up towards the future or towards the past and that you can actually manipulate the wormhole and change how time hooked up.''' ,'''A big misconception is that a black hole is made of matter that has just been compacted to a very small size. That's not true. A black hole is made from warped space and time.''' ,'''I can't imagine not being in a phase where I'm trying to understand something or create something. That's the essence of life.''' ,'''I have used movies to go to sleep at night. You flip from channel to channel to channel and see just enough to make your brain mushy and go to sleep.''' ,'''When I ask myself what are the great things we got from the Renaissance, it's the great art, the great music, the science insights of Leonardo da Vinci. Two hundred years from now, when you ask what are the great things that came from this era, I think it's going to be an understanding of the universe around us.''' ,'''As early as I can remember, I wanted to be a snowplow driver. When you grow up in the Rocky Mountains, like I did, you see the snow drifts piled up six feet high, and you're two feet, so it's impressive.''' ,'''My passion is to understand the non-linear dynamics of warped space-time, and the ideal venue for this is black-hole collisions.''' ,'''Black holes do not emit light, so you visualize them through gravitational lensing - how they bend light from other objects.''' ,'''Whether you can go back in time is held in the grip of the law of quantum gravity.''' ,'''If you go down through the horizon of a black hole, at the center you don't find a tunnel that leads you to some other place in the universe.''' ,'''We're born with a curiosity about the universe. Those people who don't have a curiosity don't have it because it's gotten beaten out of them in some way.''' ,'''Each black hole spins on its axis like the Earth spins. That spin creates two vortexes of twisting space, somewhat like vortexes in a bathtub or a whirlpool.''' ,'''In subjects that physicists think of as purely quantum, classical ideas and classical computational techniques can often be powerful.''' ,'''If you have a wormhole, then you can turn them into time machines for going backward in time.''' ,'''A black hole really is an object with very rich structure, just like Earth has a rich structure of mountains, valleys, oceans, and so forth. Its warped space whirls around the central singularity like air in a tornado.''' ,''''Closed timelike curve' is the jargon for time travel. It means you go out, come back and meet yourself in the past.''' ,'''When gravitational waves reach the earth, the waves stretch and squeeze space. This is a tiny stretch and squeeze. Far too small to detect with ordinary human senses.''' ,'''The jury is not in, so we just don't know. But there are very strong indications that wormholes that a human could travel through are forbidden by the laws of physics. That's sad, that's unfortunate, but that's the direction in which things are pointing.''' ,'''I think that the future of the human race is to spread through the universe, and now is the time that we should be laying the foundations for that.''' ,'''If you think that the distance from the Earth to the nearest planet where we could live comfortably... is being, like, from New York to Australia... what we've achieved so far, in going to the moon, that's about two-and-a-half inches. So that's the challenge.''' ,'''Our universe - it's three-dimensional, but we can pretend it's two-dimensional so it's like this sheet of paper - and we live in Pasadena over here and London is over there, and it's thousands of miles from Pasadena to London.''' ,]
+++