+++
author = "Diego Sanchez"
title = "Diego Sanchez Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Diego Sanchez Quotes"
keywords = "diego sanchez,diego sanchez quotes,diego sanchez quote,diego sanchez sayings,diego sanchez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Ain't no fans, or anybody else's say so when I'm going to step away from the sport. Except my own.''' ,'''Even the best guys in the sport have losses on their record, and Myles Jury, I just feel like he's coming up into that reality check with me.''' ,'''I don't need no Tony Robbins. I don't need no chi. I've got the blood of Jesus Christ flowing in my veins.''' ,'''When it's time to hang up the gloves, I'll know.''' ,'''I remember when I was 27 I was like, 'When I'm 37 years old I'm gonna look at everything. I'm gonna see where my health is at, I'm gonna see where my money's at, and if it's time, maybe I'll take a couple more fights.' Then I hit 37 and I'm like, I feel better at 37 than I did at 27.''' ,'''I was sparring with Dan Christison, a big heavyweight. I threw a leg kick and broke my fibula. Before the Florian training camp.''' ,'''I'm doing this to survive. I'm doing this for my livelihood. I'm fighting with my heart and my soul and my passion. I'm going to give it everything I've got.''' ,'''I had, in a way, become 'The Nightmare' in the cage, but also out of the cage. That's why I changed to 'The Dream.' But 'The Nightmare,' is who I am as a fighter and that's the way it's going to stay. I'll be a nightmare inside the cage and a dream outside of it.''' ,'''The only person who can stop Diego Sanchez is Diego Sanchez.''' ,'''I'm here to be the greatest of all time, and that's what I'm striving for.''' ,'''When I fought Kampmann, something happened in that fight and to me, it's still the most epic moment in my career. I was losing and something happened and I flipped a switch.''' ,'''I really liked the transition Demian Maia made from 185 pounds to 170. I plan on doing the same thing as a featherweight.''' ,'''Pressure is the way a predator fights.''' ,'''I'm a workhorse.''' ,'''As long as I'm healthy and as long as I'm good, I want to fight as much as I can.''' ,'''It's been a long road for me, with a lot of ups and downs. Thankfully there have been more ups than there have been downs. For me, what brings me down has only made me stronger because of it.''' ,'''I know people think I'm just the Diego Sanchez from the Gilbert Melendez fight. Hook, hook, hook. A crazy brawler. But I realized the best possible fighter would not get hit. He'd close the distance and minimize the chances of the lights going out. I want to fight as long as I can and be as healthy as I can.''' ,'''My motto is, 'Just earn it.'''' ,'''I had a torn labrum as I exited The Ultimate Fighter, and I was 22 years old.''' ,'''In my wrestling days, bulimia was very, very prevalent.''' ,'''The nightmare? The nightmare was myself. I was my own nightmare.''' ,'''I've been through the ups and downs and had a lot of different things go on. But the one thing I believe is that when fans bought a ticket to see me fight, they got their money's worth every time. I never cheated them. I gave them what they came to see.''' ,'''I train my mind as much as I train my body.''' ,'''We didn't do training in grappling for Chiesa; I was about to put the hands on him, put the elbows on him, put the knees on him, put the hurt on him the way I'd trained for.''' ,'''Always learn, adapt and evolve.''' ,'''I feel like I'm a legend continuing to be a legend!''' ,'''I want to earn my top spot in UFC.''' ,'''I look back on people who are not the average, and those people are not the average because they choose to put it in their mind that they are not the average.''' ,'''Those welterweight guys, man, you definitely can feel their punches. They hit a lot harder. They pack a lot more power than a lightweight or a featherweight.''' ,'''Michael Chiesa has written me off as many other men have written me off. As the Vegas oddsmakers have written me off, as the UFC has time and time again and time again written me off. As they have written me off to not be the Ultimate Fighter winner.''' ,'''I've let go of the dream of becoming a UFC champion that I held in my heart my whole life.''' ,'''A lot of UFC fighters dream of getting in there and finishing a fight in the first round.''' ,'''I have been written off my whole career.''' ,'''I look up to fighters like Vitor Belfort, Anderson Silva, Chuck Liddell and Randy Couture. A lot of the fighters that fought into their older age and for me, as a warrior, I just love it.''' ,'''I'm not fighting for bonuses or money or anything else. I fight because I love to fight and I love being in the heat of the battle and the heat of the moment. You might laugh at me when I say this, but I love feeling like I gave the fans their money's worth.''' ,'''I let 'The Nightmare' go. To me, I feel a negative in it. I don't like it. It's kind of evil. I don't want to represent that.''' ,'''I was thankful for the fight with Kampmann. I was thankful for the cuts, I was thankful because I found something inside of my heart that I knew was there, but I had never tapped into it. I found this warrior's spirit, an old school warrior within me.''' ,'''I dedicated my life to Jesus Christ, for real.''' ,'''When I shadowbox, I go hard.''' ,'''I remember what it's like, when I was 19-0, going on that awesome streak, feeling invincible. But it's like you eventually run into reality.''' ,'''I believe that when you put your energy into your emotions, it takes away from the energy that you can put into your physical, your mental, performance in a fight.''' ,'''If I ever get into the BKB, yeah, it would be fun. I never really liked the gloves in the UFC anyway. So, I think it's better. You got to pick your shots. You got to be smarter.''' ,'''In the end, if you're in the UFC, you are a professional, you paid your dues, and you know exactly what this job entails. You should go in there as a professional and do what you do.''' ,'''I train six to seven hours during the three separate sessions every day while in camp.''' ,'''I've always been a good submission grappler, but I've still evolved, upped my skills and I continue to get better every day.''' ,'''For me, if there is one fight I could have, it's Conor McGregor. I'll go fight him in Ireland. He wants to fight in a football stadium? I'll fight him in a football stadium. When he jumped into the spot, he started barking up the wrong dog's alley. I'm one of the guys who laid the bricks for this great career that he is having.''' ,'''I'm not ruling out the possibilities of being an 'Ultimate Fighter' coach.''' ,'''Headlining a UFC card is what I have always wanted.''' ,'''I'm a warrior.''' ,'''I feel like I always knew fighting was what I wanted to do. But when I was 18, I got into a street fight with this football player. He was a big guy and three years older than me. I really kicked his butt, and I realized I had a talent for this and needed to pursue it.''' ,'''McGregor is a huge 145-pounder with long reach and is taller than his opponents - and that's something that I've always wanted.''' ,'''I just want to be Diego Sanchez. I don't need a nickname. I'm me.''' ,'''To be a champion in the UFC, you have to be an elite, high-level, effective, professional kickboxer. You have to be the best of the best on your feet.''' ,'''In MMA you have to take one fight at a time but I want BJ Penn. The fans want to see it and, while I'll fight whoever the UFC tells me to, I want a shot at BJ.''' ,'''You can only get away with fighting as the lighter guy in a weight class for so long. That's what I was doing at 170 pounds.''' ,'''If you're going to be dominant in this sport, you're cutting weight.''' ,'''Never stop, never give up, never stop giving yourself the self-confidence you need to be a champion.''' ,'''I used to be in the trailer park with one glove on because I didn't have two, punching myself in the face saying, 'I'm Johnny Tapia' to intimidate the other kids that I would box.''' ,'''Before, when I was 19-0, I was undefeated and I was 23, 24 years old. Yeah, I was cocky, I had a little bit of ego. I had to get humbled.''' ,'''Me and Nick Diaz hated each other. Nick Diaz used to send me e-mails. He found my e-mail, he talked to one of the MMA journalists at the time, there wasn't many. Gave him my e-mail and he would e-mail me hate mails.''' ,'''I live for God and my family.''' ,'''I train with the best in the world and it's been an awesome experience.''' ,'''I want to be the first one to say I beat both Diaz brothers.''' ,'''Over the years, I've tried to find myself, tried to find out who I really was. I ended up coming full circle, a circle that took me back to that street fighter I started as: Diego Sanchez, from 'Burque,' New Mexico, fighting on the streets.''' ,'''I have always walked around at 170lbs and fought at 170lbs.''' ,'''I blew through all my money and made some very bad decisions. I had this scam artist scam me real bad and was embezzled over $175,000.''' ,'''I want to represent positivity and I want to represent the good.''' ,'''It's been my dream to fight Matt Hughes for the championship.''' ,'''The only limits we have are the limits we give ourselves.''' ,'''I'm going to leave it all out in the cage and know that I'm trying to finish my opponent, even knowing that most of my time it ain't going to be a finish.''' ,'''I trusted the wrong person with finances and the guy ended up breaking my bank. I lost my money in Ponzi schemes. If it wasn't enough to be wasting a lot of it, one of my best friends totally done me dirty and wiped me out.''' ,'''You can see the love I have for the sport. Blood, cuts, scars... I love fighting. I'm going to do it for as long as I can.''' ,'''The B.J. Penn fight was the first one where I ever took damage. I got caught coming in. I got hit hard and I never recovered. He picked me apart the rest of the fight. After that, I still didn't take any damage until I fought Martin Kampmann.''' ,'''Martin Kampmann, that was a war. Jake Ellenberger, that was a war. Then I didn't take damage until Gilbert Melendez.''' ,'''I feel a strong victory over Gilbert Melendez makes a definite statement.''' ,'''I love to watch that movie 'Cinderella Man.' He comes from the top and he goes to the bottom and he makes it back up to the top. I just kind of see myself as a guy like him.''' ,'''After my Clay Guida fight, I went down a bad path, man. It was just not a good path. After my loss to B.J. Penn it just got worse. I got really out of control.''' ,'''I've worked very hard on improving my speed and my footwork, and I've implemented a lot of specific training to try to fill that hole in my game.''' ,'''I want to show my fans what happens when you are focused and what God will do for you if you are walking the narrow path.''' ,'''I will always be prepared for the ground. That's my home, that's where my success started. That's always going to be my biggest strength. But all fights start on the feet; I'm prepared to slug on the feet.''' ,'''Go big or go home.' I used to say that. I was addicted to that. The lifestyle, the fame. The girls. The parties. And with that came a lot of people who didn't really care about me. They were just leeches. Just very bad people. I had to learn a lot. I was very gullible.''' ,'''I was never really, truly learning anything at Jackson-Wink. I was just training with a bunch of a group of guys to where it was like a wrestling practice.''' ,'''I got sucked real deep into the fame and the money. I was a bachelor and I got sucked into a bad life of partying.''' ,'''I've never been crazy when it comes to controlling my diet. I just avoid processed foods, don't mix carbs and make sure I get my protein. I'm a carnivore. I love my wild game and especially my buffalo meat.''' ,'''My first dream was to fight here in New Mexico, Albuquerque, my home town. My second dream is to fight in Mexico City.''' ,'''I give all the credit to God, he's the one who keeps me healthy and I'm just doing what I'm doing. I love this sport. When I got into it I loved it and I've loved it since I was a young child. I'm one of those fighters that just really loved to fight and I embraced it.''' ,'''I'm done being some brawler.''' ,'''For a long time, I was living my life my way and not God's way. I wasn't living it by his rules, I was living it by my own rules. And that didn't get me anywhere. I got to the point where I had no hope.''' ,'''Guys are a little quicker on their feet at '45. As far as wrestling goes, the guys at 155 or 170 are harder to take down.''' ,'''I was one of the ones that created the expansion for the sport.''' ,'''I love motorcycles and riding bikes.''' ,'''I'm not the old guy, I'm the Jedi.''' ,'''After weigh-ins you're doing wheat pasta or you're trying to carb back up. This was actually really throwing me off, causing an inflammatory response in my digestive system, in my brain, in my body. Throwing off my mind.''' ,'''I don't get much credit for being the first Ultimate Fighter.''' ,'''I'm just happy to have my job with the UFC and my bosses, they know the level of heart that I have, what I've put into this sport. They know what I bring to the company.''' ,'''At welterweight, man, I'm confident in myself.''' ,'''After watching Benson Henderson's performance against Gilbert Melendez, I must say, I wasn't impressed.''' ,'''I feel like the octagon has been my life.''' ,'''I think my fans know everything about me. What they don't know they can wonder about.''' ,'''The mind and the body can do anything and there are no limits.''' ,]
+++