+++
author = "Yorgos Lanthimos"
title = "Yorgos Lanthimos Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Yorgos Lanthimos Quotes"
keywords = "yorgos lanthimos,yorgos lanthimos quotes,yorgos lanthimos quote,yorgos lanthimos sayings,yorgos lanthimos saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am calm but on the outside, mostly. When I'm on a film set, the stress is so humongous that I'm dying inside - I'm extremely stressed, but I do try, and... well, I don't try. I think it's my natural reaction to not externalize things.''' ,'''I feel kind of offended when I watch films, and everything is explained to me - you know, laying out how I should feel from one scene to the next.''' ,'''I just try and decide what I'm interested in and what excites me. I don't worry about how it's going to be perceived.''' ,'''It's weird to try and identify a nationality for a film.''' ,'''I will not become analytical about my work.''' ,'''It was always hard to make films in Greece, but making them with friends made it possible.''' ,'''For me, casting is very instinctive, and if I don't feel good about it, I just can't go ahead and make the film.''' ,'''Having a couple of films that were successful internationally has made the film community aware of the films coming out of Greece.''' ,'''We were fortunate enough to shoot 'Alps' - write the script and shoot it - right after 'Dogtooth' premiered in Cannes. So we didn't just sit around and wait to figure out what to do because 'Dogtooth' was successful. We just wanted to make another film fast, so we just went ahead and did it.''' ,'''For me, filmmaking is not about making statements but about exposing human behavior so people are eager enough to start thinking on their own and make their own assumptions.''' ,'''I work very closely with my co-writer, Efthimis Filippou. Ideas either start from him or me, and then the other one develops it, and it's a constant conversation.''' ,'''The most important thing is to allow gaps and openings for people to make up their own minds - I don't want my film to be pretending to have one important truth to tell anyone.''' ,'''It's hard for me to consider something in cinema or theater as something realistic.''' ,'''Because we're brought into the world or educated in a certain way, we're trained to accept the world in a certain way.''' ,'''In general, I like contradictions and complex situations.''' ,'''I'm interested in many different things. I guess I just want to evolve.''' ,'''It's hard for me to find a script that's perfectly suited to me, so even if it's a good script, I'll still have to work on it with someone and shape it, making it the film that I want to make. So in that respect, I prefer to do the stuff that I've generated anyway.''' ,'''I make films that are what they are. Some people like them, and some people don't.''' ,'''There are various ways of delivering some kind of truth, so I try to find the style or the way that I find more effective.''' ,'''Rebellion is not always the right thing. Following the rules is not always the right thing. You have to think for yourself and identify the things that do not work for you.''' ,'''When I look at my films, all I see is everything that went wrong.''' ,'''I think you can tell a lot about people if you observe them as they're observing.''' ,'''I just do things that I'm interested in making and work with the people I'm interested in working with, and it's very important for me to maintain the creative control because, otherwise, I just don't want to do it.''' ,'''I'm very open to making films anywhere in the world.''' ,'''I enjoy sometimes focusing on a character in a scene that's not actually doing the main action or the talking.''' ,'''The best way to watch a film is to not know anything about the person who made it.''' ,'''Anytime people see an emotion that is not extremely emotional, they call it 'deadpan.'''' ,'''There's much more activity in England than in Greece. Or at least there's a lot more development, which obviously brings another set of problems.''' ,'''For some reason, I guess, people wanted me to prove myself in English-language films.''' ,'''All the talented and smart actors, they get it: as soon as it comes out of their mouth, they know if it's right or wrong. If the writing has a particular voice, they get it, and they can hit it.''' ,'''I think you can be much truer to real emotions and reality by creating something that on the surface seems artificial but, by then putting everything together in the end, is much more impactful than trying to use realism in every individual element of the film.''' ,'''Sometimes people say things and don't really know what they mean by what they're saying. Subconsciously, it might mean something different.''' ,'''I think human relationships - the whole thing is cruel. It's very difficult.''' ,'''By employing a certain sense of humor, you essentially get more serious about things and show conflict more effectively than if you were overly dramatic or only violent because that's a one-way approach that just forces audiences to watch something appalling.''' ,'''I either enjoy things or not. And things either make me think, or they don't. Or they mess with me, and I feel awkward.''' ,'''I never thought that I would ever actually get to make films. Being from Greece, it wasn't really a reality.''' ,'''I don't have time to read much. I'm trying to read 'The Brothers Karamazov' again, for a year now - I keep getting halfway, and then there's a lot of work, and I forget it, and I have to go back to the beginning.''' ,'''I wouldn't know what to say about something that worked in a perfect way, so I guess, in everything, I try to find what doesn't work and expose it and then see how it relates to people and their stories and their character.''' ,'''When people don't understand what they're watching, a lot of what they perceive has to do with who they themselves are.''' ,'''Everybody has a love/hate relationship with their own country.''' ,'''Personal relationships, mood, chance, or anything like that can actually affect people's decisions, and when they're in a position of power, their capriciousness can affect the fate of a nation.''' ,'''If you use music boldly at the front of a scene, it creates another level.''' ,'''I made three films in Greece, and they're made under very specific, very limited conditions.''' ,'''I haven't been a director-for-hire for any project. I work with people who appreciate that, understand that, and want to work that way.''' ,'''Provocative... I used to be defensive about it, but in the end, I realised it's exactly right. It's what we're trying to do - to provoke thought and discussion and, you know, shake people up to start thinking about things in a different way. I'm interested in messing with what they think is the norm.''' ,'''Most times, women are seen through the male gaze, so they are often shown as housewives, girlfriends, or objects of desire.''' ,'''I am not interested in representing reality. Actually, I am interested in representing reality, but that doesn't mean a naturalistic approach, which I think is kind of impossible.''' ,'''I wouldn't be making films if I just wanted to express some specific ideas; then I would be writing essays or something.''' ,'''I think it's been obvious from the beginning that my projects are not going to be something that people already have in mind. You can't be thinking about such things when you create something.''' ,'''If actors are trying to convey, in a smart way, the context of the scene, that becomes too self-conscious.''' ,'''People influence each other, so one screening will be filled with laughs while another is dead silent.''' ,'''I used to be quite negative about going back to Greece and making something, but there is a certain kind of freedom that I've experienced while I was making films in Greece that is hard to replicate elsewhere.''' ,'''Of course you can't do anything completely original.''' ,'''I always try and decide what I'm interested in, and I just do that.''' ,'''You tend to be more attentive when you shoot on film because, you know, it costs more, and everybody needs to be focused when you're filming something. Everybody considers it something valuable and precious, so everybody's focused.''' ,'''No studio picks up the phone after seeing 'Dogtooth' and goes, like, 'We have the next superhero movie.' Though if one did, that would be an interesting studio to work with.''' ,'''The first time I was paid was with 'The Lobster,' because with the Greek films, we just had to pay ourselves - work for free while making commercials in order to survive.''' ,'''The way I work, and the material we work with, I think if you analyze too much and have too many specific ideas, it just becomes a little bit too superficial, and then performances might become too self-conscious and project relatively narrow things.''' ,'''Try to place the camera somewhere where you get most of the information from there, so you don't need to have too many shots and be too explanatory and expositional about the scene.''' ,'''I've played around with the notion of making a series on the premise of 'Alps' because it's one of the films no one saw.''' ,'''I never knew that I would even be making English-language films.''' ,''''The Lobster' is very particular, and we did need to create a very specific world with specific rules so the whole premise would work.''' ,'''I always expect people to be torn when they see one of my films and divided in some way.''' ,'''There are things to love about filmmaking in Greece. People are generous: If you get along well with others, the people around you will give more than they might otherwise be willing to give, more than they're supposed to.''' ,'''The actors bring their own stuff and thoughts, and most of the time, I don't want to know what they are. It allows me to have more distance and observe what they're doing without having the knowledge of what they have in their minds, so I can see clearly how that feels to me.''' ,'''Most acting is very melodramatic. It's not what you see in people.''' ,'''I learned about making films by going into advertising, making commercials.''' ,'''As long as I can make the films I want to make in decent conditions, I am happy.''' ,'''I work very physically. I don't like to intellectualize too much about what we're doing, or analyze it.''' ,'''I think there's all these unknown things you can tap into when you just leave things open, and nothing is forbidden. Then you allow yourself to mold that thing that has been created by freedom and spontaneity and flexibility. That's why I avoid limiting performances of actors and characters.''' ,'''All of us have been through relationships; there have been periods of time when we've been single. It's something that everyone experiences. It's a matter of making that observation and then start to ask questions about it: Why is it like that? And why do we feel that? And why are we organized this way? Isn't there any other way?''' ,'''Telling a story is the way of exploring so many different things - human behavior, society, whatever existence.''' ,'''I always loved films, and when I decided to go to film school, it was with the excuse that I would go into making commercials, because that would be a proper profession, and people wouldn't think I was crazy.''' ,'''I want all the mistakes to be mine, and I want to take responsibility for everything even if I fail. Whatever the project is, I need to have the final say.''' ,'''I never think in metaphors or fully make those kind of associations myself. I just lay down a complex situation and hope things arise from that.''' ,'''Even today, I'm not sure why I make films or what makes me want films. I think it's other people's films. Whenever I see a really great film, I think, 'I want to make a film like that.' And then I never do.''' ,'''I did have a lot of years watching and appreciating dance and theater and all of those kind of things, and it has informed the way that I work with actors and the way I approach things.''' ,''''The Lobster,' at some point, was my most accessible film. Then I made 'The Killing of a Sacred Deer,' which turned out to be not as accessible as 'The Lobster.' It was the film I wanted to make and the story I wanted to tell.''' ,'''Having rules means that sometimes people break them, and that means punishment.''' ,'''I just think it's interesting to start a dialogue.''' ,'''I don't make long-term plans, for sure.''' ,'''Don't think too hard. Just be present, and things will reveal themselves.''' ,'''Being extremely honest is quite funny. But there's no recipe or concept that I can bring up that fully defines what we find humorous. It's instinctive.''' ,'''I find it very interesting to keep people uncertain about what is what and figure it out as they go.''' ,'''I think I do things that are more common in theatre.''' ,'''I wasn't a film buff.''' ,'''Starting in Greece, you couldn't really say, 'I'm going to become a film-maker.' A 15-year-old boy in Greece in the '80s and '90s? There was nothing like that happening.''' ,'''I think children are really violent with each other often.''' ,'''I'm just trying to progress with every film I make and become better.''' ,'''Of course I know what works for me and what kind of tone I want my films to have.''' ,'''Whenever a film doesn't follow to the letter the preset strict conventional rules of today's commercial cinema, it's considered weird.''' ,'''Something that's a hilarious comedy, for someone else might be a drama.''' ,'''I never think about it much, the visual aspect of it, until we start making the movie. I don't really think about it when we write. When we finish, and I start putting the film together, and we pick the locations, I do think about that a lot.''' ,'''Yeah, it shouldn't be an issue. Stories about women, about men, about homosexuals, about heterosexuals. We shouldn't point at what it is.''' ,'''Uncertainty helps keep actors on edge.''' ,'''I make films to explore concepts and raise questions, not tell the audience what to think.''' ,'''In film, I like transformation. That goes for the language, for the image, for the performance.''' ,'''It's hard not to be political.''' ,'''In any case, I would never make a film that was only one thing. Even if it's my warmest, most romantic film, I still want it to have the more cynical view of things, showing the irony and absurdity of things that we consider normal.''' ,'''As an audience member myself, I love to be in a position where I'm trying to figure out what I am supposed to feel or if what I'm feeling is appropriate or not.''' ,]
+++