+++
author = "Hilarie Burton"
title = "Hilarie Burton Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Hilarie Burton Quotes"
keywords = "hilarie burton,hilarie burton quotes,hilarie burton quote,hilarie burton sayings,hilarie burton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''One Tree Hill' was a great learning opportunity for me, and I'm excited to go and apply that elsewhere and see where I end up.''' ,'''I move around a lot. I've lived in a ton of different places - and only for a month or two at a time. I have a deep, rabid curiosity, so I like having a gypsy life.''' ,'''I play damaged people a lot. I'm a Cancer. And I say that tongue and cheek, but I wear my heart on my sleeve. I'm a very emotional woman.''' ,'''Isn't Googling someone the first thing everyone does?! They meet someone new and Google them!''' ,'''I've named a couple things after Edgar Allan Poe: the cat, and my garden upstate, where I only planted black flowers and purple flowers - and there's a raven statue.''' ,'''Subletting is great. You get to try on all these different versions of yourself. This apartment was clearly decorated by an artist - there's a great, big, huge chandelier and red fur rug, and it's all stuff that I would never, ever, ever buy.''' ,'''For me, I always wonder what's worse: an emotional betrayal or a physical betrayal? That's a really tough call.''' ,'''I like the guy who reads. Being articulate is something that's very important to me. But you need to know how to chop wood and fix a car and do guy things. I didn't grow up with spectators. Nobody was a spectator.''' ,'''I will never say a bad word about 'One Tree Hill'. The entire shape of my world changed because of that show, so I'll always be very affectionate toward it.''' ,'''When you're younger, it's hard because you're finding your identity, and then for 12 hours out of the day, you have to be a different person. So that's a tricky phase - as far as figuring who you are out and then figuring out the people that you're working with.''' ,'''I like to write paper mail - nobody does that anymore - with my pen pals.''' ,'''I don't engage in social media, which has its good and bad sides, I guess - but the good side is when people hate my guts, I'm kind of oblivious to it.''' ,'''I'm from northern Virginia, but I grew up next to the West Virginia border, so it was hills and farmland. We had that sense of adventure you get from growing up around old farmhouses and lazy, rolling hills, you know?''' ,''''One Tree Hill' was my very first television audition; it was a fairytale. I feel really lucky to have that level of success right out of the gate.''' ,'''Everybody wants a sensational story.''' ,'''In the world of Facebook and Twitter, you can treasure hunt for tidbits about somebody that you find interesting and pretty much find out everything you need to know - which is why I stay away from social media - I'm terrified of it.''' ,'''I used to have to think about awful things to get myself emotionally connected to something.''' ,'''Gardening gloves are for sissies. I always have dirt under my nails.''' ,'''I think the first couple of times you do make-out scenes, you psych yourself out and it's really nerve racking.''' ,'''I grew up in the United Methodist Church, and church was always a very big part of my growing up.''' ,'''I like my hands. They're certainly scarred up, but they're wormy. They're knuckly. They're hands that have done stuff, and they're not going anywhere.''' ,'''Fourth of July. My birthday is July first, and my best friend's birthday is July fifth, so it's always been a favorite holiday. It's all about having a cooler full of sodas, hot dogs, and just hanging out and shooting off firecrackers, being low-key, watching the fireworks.''' ,'''I've always been very vocal about my religion. It's a big part of who I am.''' ,'''There's something about a holiday that isn't all about how much money you spend.''' ,'''I grew up in such a macho family. I had a former Green Beret for a dad, a mom who's really rough-and-tumble, and three very macho brothers.''' ,'''My weekends are spent hidden in the woods, and then I have to come back and pretend to be this very upper-crust insurance investigator. But, I mean, duality's nice. You never get bored. You can't say the grass is always greener if you're in both backyards.''' ,'''I want the kids who watch 'One Tree Hill' to know that it's all pretend, and that the person at the core of that character values morals, honor and things like that. You want to inspire them to look beyond what is superficial and try to find that greater thing.''' ,'''I grew up at the base of a mountain in Virginia, so my comfort zone is that Appalachian area, where all the dudes wear Carhartt and all the women can put on a beautiful sweater with a snowman applique and nobody raises an eyebrow.''' ,]
+++