+++
author = "Robert Kazinsky"
title = "Robert Kazinsky Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Robert Kazinsky Quotes"
keywords = "robert kazinsky,robert kazinsky quotes,robert kazinsky quote,robert kazinsky sayings,robert kazinsky saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Christy Turlington is my dream woman. I haven't met her, but she's married to Edward Burns, who is far more talented and handsome than I am, and I think she's out of my league!''' ,''''Star Wars' is a grand soap opera, and 'Star Trek' is about technology, they tried to explain the reality of it, as far-fetched as it might be. And that's why I've always liked the science behind the fiction.''' ,'''I'm married to my job. I'm obsessed with my work, and I run myself into the ground every single day. Unfortunately, a lot of other pursuits have to take a back seat.''' ,'''I'm a geek - I read fantasy novels, I play 'World of Warcraft,' I'm a massive gamer, I have 'Star Trek' outfits.''' ,'''There is nothing harder than working 50 pages a day, working 16 hours a day, trying to be good with only shooting rehearsals.''' ,'''I was such a fan of 'True Blood;' I knew the essence of it.''' ,'''Nothing is as hard as working on a British soap in this industry.''' ,'''The catering on 'True Blood' was so good - I'd be eating amazing doughnuts all day, then realised I was in danger of turning into a right fat faerie.''' ,''''True Blood' is one of those shows that is so deep and good that you can't have it on in the background. It's one of those shows that you have to dedicate time to.''' ,'''I'm massively scared of spiders. Even small ones scare the life out of me.''' ,'''I'd watched every episode of 'True Blood' from the very beginning. The show's characters were in my blood, so when I started, I was really prepared. I made sure I wasn't the new guy asking stupid questions on his first day.''' ,'''There are always things you wish you could've done better, and there are always things that you wish would've turned out a different way in terms of storyline, which you're not in charge of.''' ,'''I loved playing computer games. I used to be one of the top World of War-crafters in the world for a couple of years.''' ,'''Being a 'hunk' is going to do great things for my love life, and I'll get a lot more offers. But I'll certainly never see myself as one.''' ,'''I'm a massive Trekkie. I've got original artwork from the '70s. I've got outfits. Yeah, I have actual 'Star Trek' outfits that I wear. I'm a massive, massive 'Star Trek' fan.''' ,'''I've read everything that Isaac Asimov ever wrote, for a start. I'm massively into my fantasy genre, anything by R.A. Salvatore or David Gemmell. I've read every single book those writers have written.''' ,'''I'm a massive science fiction and fantasy geek.''' ,'''I think Carrie Preston is one of the most talented actresses I've ever met in my entire life. I've seen her do a lot of other things, and she's fantastic.''' ,'''I would have liked to have had more to do with Kristin Bauer van Straten. She's the nicest human being that I think I've ever met.''' ,'''I honestly don't know whether I can ever top the experience of 'Pacific Rim.'''' ,'''Being a kid is so much more fun than being an adult. I think that's the crux of it. I think men are just less inclined to grow up because it's much more fun being a child.''' ,'''Everybody wants to be in the next Marvel movie.''' ,'''What 'True Blood' does really well is that it balances on the line between good and evil - you blur the distinction between the two.''' ,'''The fantasy world, the 'Game of Thrones' world, the forgotten realms worlds - they're the type of worlds I've always wanted to live in. Where vampires, dragons, dwarves and elves are real.''' ,]
+++