+++
author = "Jennifer Lawrence"
title = "Jennifer Lawrence Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Jennifer Lawrence Quotes"
keywords = "jennifer lawrence,jennifer lawrence quotes,jennifer lawrence quote,jennifer lawrence sayings,jennifer lawrence saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Even as far back as when I started acting at 14, I know I've never considered failure.''' ,'''I don't know if this is why everything has worked so well and I'm not sure I'd recommend this kind of thinking to anyone else, but I've always known I'd be successful in acting. I have certainly worked for it.''' ,'''I had to learn how to chop wood actually - I don't think my dad would have let me go chop wood in the backyard growing up.''' ,'''I went through a wood-chopping phase when I was nine or 10.''' ,'''Teenagers only have to focus on themselves - its not until we get older that we realize that other people exist.''' ,'''When you don't have anybody to take care of you, then you could go both ways: You could do whatever you want, or you could take charge and be your own parent.''' ,'''As hard as it is and as tired as I am, I force myself to get dinner at least once a week with my girlfriends, or have a sleepover. Otherwise my life is just work.''' ,'''I couldn't be happier about being a part of 'Hunger Games' and to play Katniss. I have a huge responsibility to the fans of this incredible book and I don't take it lightly. I will give everything I have to these movies and to this role to make it worthy of Suzanne Collins' masterpiece.''' ,'''The internet to me is kind of like a black hole, and I never really go on it.''' ,'''I wanted to be a doctor when I was little, so I'm okay with blood and guts.''' ,'''I picked up an issue of Cosmopolitan the other day that had tips for job interviews, because I was like, 'I need to get better at interviews.' The article was basically about how to get someone not to hate you in 20 minutes. Every single thing they told you not to do, I was like, 'I do that every day.'''' ,'''But really, for the most part - doing a prequel is great because you do have room to kind of free this character and how they got to where they are instead of being a slave to exactly what the previous actor did.''' ,'''I've done archery for about six weeks, and rock climbing, tree climbing - and combat, running and vaulting. But also yoga and things like that, to stay catlike!''' ,'''It was like pulling teeth trying to get me to L.A. I hated it for so long, but now I've got this great life here.''' ,'''I get photographers hiding in my bushes. We're way past autographs. We're into being stalked and followed.''' ,'''My cousin cleaned out a shotgun for me and let me carry it around the house, because he said, 'Anybody who knows anything about guns is going to know in a second if someone has held a gun before.' I didn't want to be that person. I wanted to be practiced.''' ,'''I grew up in Kentucky, but I did not grow up like that. I had heat, and I didn't have to shoot my dinner or anything.''' ,'''I want to play a character I've never been before-a crazy serial killer like Charlize Theron in Monster. I'd love to have to shave my head.''' ,'''Nothing's sacred anymore. Those girls and I got so close. They were painting me naked every day for months. It was kind of like going to a really bizarre sleepover. It's what you guys imagine we do: One naked girl and seven pairs of hands all over her.''' ,'''For 'X-Men' I was lifting a lot of weights. I actually lost a lot of mass when I quit 'X-Men' because I was working out so much and very muscular and strong.''' ,'''I just kind of opened up and said, 'I feel like a rag doll. I have hair and makeup people coming to my house every day and putting me in new, uncomfortable, weird dresses and expensive shoes, and I just shut down and raise my arms up for them to get the dress on, and pout my lips when they need to put the lipstick on.'''' ,'''Did I feel naked being naked? Yeah. Totally.''' ,'''Anytime you're away from your home filming, it messes with your head.''' ,'''How do I let the director know how obsessed I am and willing to do anything for the movie? Like, I wanted to write this one director a letter, so I wrote him a handwritten note. But then I was like, 'How many people are writing this guy handwritten letters? Is it going to seem cheesy? What do I do?'''' ,'''And when I'm on set, I'm just thinking about the script and of working. I think I've stayed focused on the work so much that I haven't really noticed my life start to change except for I've gotten busier.''' ,'''I never think it's right to chew gum in front of other people, but a lot of times I'll come in for a meeting chewing gum and I'll forget I'm chewing it. Then you don't want to swallow it because it stays in your system for seven years or something, so I've asked to throw it away. I've started to wonder if that's why I didn't get certain movies.''' ,]
+++