+++
author = "Atticus Shaffer"
title = "Atticus Shaffer Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Atticus Shaffer Quotes"
keywords = "atticus shaffer,atticus shaffer quotes,atticus shaffer quote,atticus shaffer sayings,atticus shaffer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In voiceover, all you have to worry about is your voice and practicing with your voice and then being able to understand what the situation and whatnot is happening. And you have endless amounts of film to perfect the character.''' ,'''My mom thought I might be good for voiceover. She thought I had a cute voice, so maybe I could do a cartoon or something. And while we were looking into that, we also thought I should get into theater acting, so I tried it and the first audition I went on, I booked it. And it kind of just snowballed from there.''' ,'''All I know, is that I feel extremely blessed to be on TV. It's a hard job, but real life is harder. Truth be told, playgrounds can be war zones.''' ,'''I love voice over! I just think it is amazing!''' ,'''I love any comedic zombie movies.''' ,'''Well, I was always really mature for my age. I'm an above-age reader. I'm not trying to come off like, 'I have a high IQ number. My parents gave me the test.' That's the way I was, I guess. I am still a kid. I love doing kid activities. I'm such a kid, but when I'm on set, I do like to be professional.''' ,'''I don't like horror films. Horror films in the sense of the way horror films are now, like 'Saw,' I don't like that, I don't.''' ,'''Even though I never worked with her, it was still really cool to have Brooke Shields on set. She was so nice and so funny.''' ,'''It doesn't matter about money and fame and whatever. I really don't care about that. My thing is, I'm happy that I'm able to have kids have a hero and have someone that they can look up to.''' ,'''I love doing impressions and I love doing accents.''' ,'''I'm a huge nerd, I admit to that. I love to play video games, I love to read, and of course, I've gotta still get my studies in and all. I love to learn. But I also love to do stop motion animation with my little Lego figures. I love to play around on the computer with that.''' ,'''If there was any show I could guest star on, I would want to guest star on 'Star Wars: The Clone Wars' because I am such a nerd and I love that show. If there was ever an opportunity to be on that, I would snatch it up.''' ,'''I was just sitting in Target, just getting over my cold. I blew my nose and I see these people looking at me and kind of whispering and pointing. Finally, I went, 'Is everything okay? Did I do something wrong? Do I have a booger on my face and no one's telling me?' I'm just not used to it.''' ,'''I'm most passionate about anything to do with nature and the simple things. I love taking walks with my family or my friends and seeing nature. And that's why I love living where I live because I live up in the desert area in the mountains.''' ,'''I do talk to myself, just not in a whisper. But I have caught myself sometimes.''' ,'''I absolutely loved working with Tim Burton because he is just a creative, outside of the box thinker. How he does things is fantastic. It is different - weird different - and he does things that are groundbreaking. They are courageous to do and once you do them you are like, 'Wow! That really does work!'''' ,'''We live in the country. I'm a redneck. No, ha-ha. I live in L.A. County, but more in the hills. Not in the fancy kind! Trust me; whatever you do you do not want to come to my neighborhood!''' ,'''I've always been homeschooled, so doing it on set is kind of the same thing. My mom makes it very interactive - we'll get a book on chocolate and learn how to make it, or she will buy antique items. I love military history, the mechanics and strategy of it.''' ,'''Just recently I was in Target with my mom shopping, and out of the blue, I see this father and his two daughters and he says, 'Can they get a picture with you?' And I'm thinking to myself, 'Am I the one millionth customer or something?'''' ,'''But my message to people with or without a condition is the fact that you can still do anything you set your mind to. You just have to do it in a slightly different way than other people.''' ,'''I don't want this to come off bad at all, but I really don't watch Disney shows. I don't. I like the animated ones, but I just don't have time to watch a lot of TV.''' ,]
+++