+++
author = "Daddy Yankee"
title = "Daddy Yankee Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Daddy Yankee Quotes"
keywords = "daddy yankee,daddy yankee quotes,daddy yankee quote,daddy yankee sayings,daddy yankee saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not a machista that tells his girl what she has to put on. I let her be herself.''' ,'''I know how to read people. When you grow up in a rough environment, you have to have a sixth sense.''' ,'''I've been through a lot of beef with other singers, but it's all verbal.''' ,''''Limbo' has been one of the greatest hits of my career. A great response all over the world, not just Latinos but people in Europe and America.''' ,'''We took dancehall and hip-hop and mixed it in the middle. I knew we had something. I thought, 'This sound is Puerto Rican sound.'''' ,'''The best way to help the Latino community is to give back. I love giving back; I'm quiet about God and what I do, but we do a lot in the Dominican Republic.''' ,'''I have a record I love, 'Limbo,' which is very catchy.''' ,'''When I talk about the Internet, it's because young people are there. TV and radio are still what moves the masses, and you can't ignore that. But you also have to feed that monster that grows daily, which is the Internet.''' ,'''I feel so much pride to represent my community and be Latino. No doubt about it, above my career and sales being a Latino comes first.''' ,'''Our aim is to establish El Cartel as not just another tequila but part of the club and party lifestyle. There are several songs where I mention the brand name, and a lot of these party songs go hand in hand with the concept of Cartel Tequila.''' ,'''I would rather be the tail of a lion than the head of a mouse.''' ,'''Any club is important. All Latin music movements are born in clubs. There is no better research than going to a club. If your music works, it will bounce up.''' ,]
+++