+++
author = "Gord Downie"
title = "Gord Downie Quotes"
quotes_len = "90"
description = "the best 90 Gord Downie Quotes"
keywords = "gord downie,gord downie quotes,gord downie quote,gord downie sayings,gord downie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The Sadies have toured with the Hip probably more than any other band. I got to know them pretty well and loved their sets.''' ,'''I'm a dancer. It's what I love to do more than anything.''' ,'''I kind of love walking around with something nobody else knows about in my back pocket.''' ,'''I grew up on the lake and spent most of that time outdoors. As a musician, I travel widely around the country and talk to a lot of people, from all walks of life. That experience, combined with my rock and roll roots gives me something of an affinity for the underdog. In many ways, the environment is also the underdog - so, it's an easy fit.''' ,'''I like Raymond Carver's poetry a lot.''' ,'''When we watch dance, the artists and the audience are part of a momentary collective experience that will never happen again.''' ,'''I was a rink rat growing up. I was a goalie and my father was a busy father of five, so he would come when he could. When he did show up, I'd look up and there he would be.''' ,'''I've always liked R.E.M. because, like so many things I like, they exude a warmth; I like to think that we do, too.''' ,'''We're not building a nuclear reactor here. We're not drilling a mile beneath the surface of the ocean with no plan in case something goes wrong. This is making music, this is melodious air and people can hear what goes into it.''' ,'''I think you have to show people it's cool and fun to work together. It's your obligation. If you can't do it, who can you expect to do it?''' ,'''I like Al Purdy.''' ,'''Ultimately with our band, it's word of mouth. It seems to be the largest cause of The Hip outbreak - if we can align ourselves with a virus.''' ,'''I come to America because if you're a rock 'n' roll musician you should come here every chance you get.''' ,'''I stand in support of the Athabasca Chipewyan First Nations and all Canadians who find themselves with no voice in our present version of democracy, who are trying to come up with the entry fee that gets them a seat at the table where their pollution future is being discussed.''' ,'''We've played on 'Saturday Night Live' and got not even a Rolling Stone review.''' ,'''We got instant gratification when we would slip in one of our own songs and people would cheer. We started getting a lot of gratification from writing.''' ,'''I feel like I'm playing the washboard more than the guitar.''' ,'''A live album is a no-brainer.''' ,'''We used to tie a skipping rope to a pitchfork and try to spear big carp. We never got one. My kids love that story, very 'Lord of the Flies.'''' ,'''The Bruins have become so much more to me than some boyhood fascination.''' ,'''If I'm to be an 'ist' then, like Bobby Kennedy, I'm probably more of a free market capitalist than an environmentalist. Rather than wanting to tell people to be less bad, I'm saying let's make it fair across the board and stop subsidizing the big heavy-polluting fat cats, let's make it a level playing field.''' ,'''I'm not a rock star writing poetry. I don't feel like a rock star and I don't know what one is, actually. I'm a goalie/poet or a hotel guest/poet or a father/poet.''' ,'''You know, I've been hit with a Greb boot in the face and I've been spat on. And my kids light up when they hear these stories. It really takes their minds off their troubles.''' ,'''We did reach a wider audience with 'SNL,' but it's hard to know what attracts people to your band in the long run.''' ,'''You have to - you have to allow something to tell you what it wants to be.''' ,'''We were big Clash fans, you know, big Who fans and I think we would listen to this music and talk about music and do nothing but music night and day, and when it came time to actually making our own music, you feel compelled to sort of tuck all those influences away, not show them.''' ,'''We've met a ton of pro hockey players, got to know them, our music plays in their locker rooms. We've always taken pride in that.''' ,'''As you get older, you mellow, but there's a natural propensity to watch what you say, 'cause you learn that you want more time and space to craft what you want to say because you're less likely to want to say impetuous things, or things that aren't thought-out properly.''' ,'''Life's too short for bad coffee.''' ,'''I have no illusions of the future. Or maybe it's all illusion. I don't know. I've always been ready for it.''' ,'''I enjoy making and creating things.''' ,'''If you're aiming for a hole in one, and you get one, you feel lucky - but at the same time you can justifiably say, 'Well, I was aiming for the hole anyway.'''' ,'''Music brings people together. So my function in anything I do is to help bring people closer in.''' ,'''What would be great is if everyone who bought a record got a comp ticket to a show.''' ,'''Once we went into the basement and learned a song, we felt successful. Then we learned two songs, and then we got a gig, and on and on - and that's the way musicians think. I don't know about other people - I mean, I don't know about all musicians either - but some are more driven than others.''' ,'''Within the Universal deal, we've always felt like an independent act. We've never been told what to do. We've used their resources to our own design.''' ,'''You know, Prime Minister Trudeau's got me. His work with First Nations. He's got everybody. He's going to take us where we need to go.''' ,'''I'm grateful for the friendships and being able to show it, for people's dancing pleasure.''' ,'''I'm interested in doing anything that teaches me something.''' ,'''To become a country, and truly call ourselves Canada, it means we must become one.''' ,'''I always like to have a glimmer of hopefulness, even in collapse.''' ,'''If we weren't in this band, some of us wouldn't be playing at all. You have tiffs with someone when he has smelly feet in the touring van, but we all respect each other as friends first.''' ,'''I've always kept a notebook in my pocket, I've always written stuff down since I was a kid.''' ,'''I work every day. I write every day. I walk around in silent conversation with my latest unfinished songs.''' ,'''The Sadies have the ability to create soundscapes, and to put you in places.''' ,'''You sort of get so lulled into thinking of yourself as this five-headed thing, the group, the band, The Hip. I guess you just forget it's a family, and like every good family, you can forget. But you're also committed to each other, so there's always room to grow, to learn and relearn.''' ,'''It will take 150 years or seven generations to heal the wound of the residential school.''' ,'''I had spend a lot of time looking at things intellectually, coming from the head, let's say, rather than the heart, and saying things that way. Turns of phrases became paramount to any kind of feeling behind them, which is not to say they were all devoid of that.''' ,'''We're a band. We're hired for parties. We have to know what to do.''' ,'''I work a couple of hours a day with a guitar or pushing words around, so over time I have a lot of material, so I don't get into this feast-or-famine situation.''' ,'''Canadians can be funny.''' ,'''In Canada, the major centers to play are very few and far between. Bands that are traveling in Canada really have to travel between gigs.''' ,'''I think I'm a dancer in terms of what I do onstage.''' ,'''I think the recording industry is founded on that principle: to approximate the live experience, to approximate that thing that evaporates as it's happening, disappears as it's happening.''' ,'''I'm a music fan - I love meeting other musicians, I love talking to other musicians - and what greater opportunity to take advantage of whatever standing we might have to try and attract people? To say 'We don't know you, but we love you, and will you come play with us?' Sometimes they actually do.''' ,'''When we started in university we were wearing lampshades on our heads and playing wacky covers like 'I'm a Believer.'''' ,'''It's time to listen to the stories of the Indigenous; we are blessed as a country to look to the wisdom of a really old country.''' ,'''I love dance - trying to express myself wordlessly.''' ,'''The only criterion we used in doing cover material was we wanted to do songs that we wished bands would play when we went out. We were doing Yardbirds and Rolling Stones cover songs-which is not any big deal, but where we were from, all we were getting were Top 40 bands.''' ,'''Bob Rock taught me a lot. His friendship has taught me a lot about what you should expect from a recording session and, more importantly, how you shouldn't expect anything less than absolute joyousness. You should feel great. You should feel 14 to be doing it. It's true and it's rare.''' ,'''Nobody ever asks me about my lyrics.''' ,'''Even 'The Inevitability of Death' is kind of a funny song more than anything. I mean, I thought it would be funny imagining radio deejays cueing it up and announcing it as people are driving off to work.''' ,'''Our sound is nothing like the Doors.''' ,'''Even as a kid, I don't think I bought into a lot of the mythology about Canada.''' ,'''Acting is like lifting a 400-pound feather. It's a feather, how hard could it be? And yet, you go to lift it and it's heavy. For that reason, I love it, because it's very hard and difficult and challenging and obviously I want to learn more.''' ,'''I think the health of our water is tied to a lot: the health of our communities, hence our economy, the health of our basic human rights.''' ,'''I write lyrics. putting words and melodies to my songs. That's a real challenge, I take it on vigorously.''' ,'''I've changed like crazy. I know I have, 'cause I work at it.''' ,'''I guess I want people to see me and to try to explain myself, and you don't always get the chance. Sometimes you don't get the chance and maybe no one ever gets the chance to really explain themselves, to have people see them. But I guess I'm doing that or I'm in the process of doing that.''' ,'''I haven't written too many political lyrics. Nor have I written any pro-Canada lyrics, any kind of jingoistic, nationalistic cant... That stuff doesn't interest me and I don't even know if I could write that if I tried because I don't really feel it.''' ,'''If you work hard enough I don't think it's possible to just repeat what you're doing.''' ,'''If you want to know what being Canadian is, it's being part of the human race, allowing yourself to be vulnerable, which has been scared off, warded away, girded against.''' ,'''Rock 'n' roll is not unlike love. You find it oddly strangely comforting that no matter how old you get, when it comes to matters of the heart, you're always 15 inside.''' ,'''I used to run the band hockey pool - regular season and playoffs. I would write weekly reports, which were meant to demoralize and diffuse enjoyment for others.''' ,'''To be honest, I think affiliation is anathema - if you're a rock 'n' roller, you're a lone wolf.''' ,'''When you're opening for someone, there's no pressure.''' ,'''I want my kids to be good. I want them to be safe and have a great, long life. And take what they need from me and leave what they don't. Definitely leave what they don't.''' ,'''I'm just a student. I'm learning all the time, and, like anyone, I'm just looking for words I can use and a hummable melody.''' ,'''As we move towards resolution and understanding and greater serenity in all aspects of our life, love's pretty elemental and that's nice to know. I think rock 'n' roll is the same. I don't pretend to understand it; it feels confusing and frightening and wonderful.''' ,'''I work at being a better member of my family. So I know that that affects and drifts and soaks into my work, and my art.''' ,'''Canada is not Canada. We are not the country we think we are.''' ,'''We were interested in making a long career out of this, rather than being 'Canada's Newest Hitmakers.' It seems to work, and it trickles down to every aspect of the band.''' ,'''When someone gives you a piece of music, they are really giving you a piece of themselves.''' ,'''When you write and make music, there's a tendency to save stuff... to be cagey, to be savvy.''' ,'''I like hanging with my family and helping them on their way however I can. There's a new tragicomedy every half-hour, there is laughter, there are tears, and it's all real. They are endlessly entertaining, they have given me so much, they've given me a chance to 'see' things again.''' ,'''Being a dad, and being in a rock band, it's harder than it looks. But we tried. And we try.''' ,'''I'm agile.''' ,'''When I'm in front of a crowd, I don't think 'Oh, there's some hard-core metalheads and some alternative fringe types, so we should be okay.'''' ,'''It's a gas, just phoning up some bands and saying: 'You don't know us but we love you and would you come play with us?'''' ,'''In the past, when you were just starting out, you had a day and a half of studio time - maybe two, if your buddy's uncle lets you stay.''' ,]
+++