+++
author = "Chase Elliott"
title = "Chase Elliott Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Chase Elliott Quotes"
keywords = "chase elliott,chase elliott quotes,chase elliott quote,chase elliott sayings,chase elliott saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm going to go about my business the way I like to go about it. Hopefully, that's good enough.''' ,'''In racing you're not going to win every week, and we understand that.''' ,'''For me, I want to be me, stay true to that, do my thing, try to keep things simple and stay true to who I am.''' ,'''What is feasible - and guys do this - is to be in contention every single week.''' ,'''I love what I do and wouldn't trade it for anything.''' ,'''You could be in a room with somebody you don't realize you're in a room with and that first impression or something that you give off might be appreciated by someone or it might not. I'm always just being mindful of you never know who's watching.''' ,'''I'm not one to guarantee things in my life.''' ,'''Winning races and winning consistently is going to open opportunities. Guys who have that ability and are consistent in it are the ones you see have success for years and years.''' ,'''I don't care who your dad or granddad or mom is. You're not them, and they're not you. It really doesn't matter at the end of the day.''' ,'''I think going on stage and putting on a concert for a night would be cool.''' ,'''We want to grow NASCAR.''' ,'''There's no guarantees in anything you do. But I hope there are many more weekends I can race in my life, and high school graduation you only do once.''' ,'''You have to take whatever situation is thrown at you and make the best decision at the time.''' ,'''We don't have a ton of things to do as drivers. You only have a few jobs you have to do, so it's important to really make sure you do those right. Because if you do that, you'll know that you gave it your best effort even if you're struggling that weekend.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you have to be good everywhere, and I want to be good everywhere.''' ,'''Math is pretty straightforward.''' ,'''I'm a little biased, but the 9 looks good on top of the scoring pylon.''' ,'''As I've always said, you have to do your job or you're not going to be around very long.''' ,'''I am a big Honey Nut Cheerios fan.''' ,'''I reference playgrounds a lot because I was always playing on them when I was little.''' ,'''I just kind of go about things the way I always have and just try to be me and hope for the best.''' ,'''I don't remember getting to see my dad race a lot until later in his career. I remember being at the track a lot. I still see a lot of pictures of myself around my dad at the track as a little kid. The racing I've known him more for is during his time racing with Ray Evernham. The rest of it was before I was ever around.''' ,'''I'm so fortunate to work with a company like NAPA. They've been behind me 100%, and I never take that support for granted.''' ,'''Cars' is such a great franchise of movies, and they've done such a great job connecting with young kids and building that. It's pretty incredible, very neat to be a part of it. When I saw the first one, I never thought I'd ever have a part in one. It's different. You definitely have to get out of your comfort zone to do it.''' ,'''Everybody is trying to take advantage of situations, and if you don't take advantage of a situation, you get taken advantage of by somebody else.''' ,'''To me, it's about the Golden Rule, really at the end of the day. Treating people as you want to be treated. I just don't feel like it's that hard to do. It's not that much to ask of someone to treat everyone with the respect they would want to be treated with. No matter what you look like or where you're from.''' ,'''Jeff Gordon is a hero and a legend of the sport, and that's something you're never going to do. You obviously have goals, and I'm going to try to be successful here at Hendrick Motorsports, and in the sport in general, but Jeff is Jeff, and there's never going to be another one.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I think you have to be good everywhere and I want to be good everywhere.''' ,'''Good friends can have tough conversations.''' ,'''Opportunities are opportunities, but you've got to perform and do your part to stay around.''' ,'''All you can dream for is opportunity, and I've been very fortunate to have that over the years. That's all thanks to some great people.''' ,'''I'm not going to be the one that's super talkative, this or that.''' ,'''NAPA has been a huge supporter, and I'm honored to represent them on and off the track.''' ,'''At the end of the day, we all watch sports and we pay attention to different things here and there because we find things entertaining. But, I think if the product is entertaining, people will enjoy it and watch it. If the product isn't entertaining, they won't.''' ,'''I am only a morning person when I have to be.''' ,'''I think NASCAR and racing have been around for a long time. I certainly enjoy it, and there's a lot of connects to people. People drive to work every day, and there's a lot of genuine connection there. If people are interested in seeing that, building into that, I'm proud of what I'm a part of.''' ,'''If you sit in a box all the time and don't do anything fun and don't live life, you're probably not going to do yourself any good. I refuse to be that way.''' ,'''There are tons of races I'd love to do over.''' ,'''I just speak what I feel like is the truth.''' ,'''Whatever it is, we want to be able to win at any time. The great teams and the great drivers are capable of doing that, and I think we are capable doing that.''' ,'''I'm just going to be me.''' ,'''It's a goal of mine to be a contender every week.''' ,'''I love Corey Smith, love his music.''' ,'''Sure, I'm competitive and I want to do well and I've put pressure on myself - I think anybody who is competitive and wants to try to get better is going to be that way. We're just trying to improve and get better.''' ,'''There are certain people you listen to who might be a tick better than someone else.''' ,'''For me, you want to be recognized as someone who is real and shoots people straight.''' ,'''Just taking any kind of information you can gather, listening to the differences, the way they have gone about racing over the years, whatever they are willing to share with you it's important to hear those differing opinions and try to balance them out.''' ,'''I think the people that were big Bill Elliott fans, they followed me for a long time, not just since I've been in the NASCAR world.''' ,'''I know things can go south a heck of a lot faster than they can go good for you.''' ,'''Within the sports world, I think it'd be cool to go be part of a baseball game or basketball game - just something different to see what that feels like.''' ,'''The whole sport, I feel like for years has done a great job trying to recognize the heroes amongst the country.''' ,'''If the fans want a burnout, I'm going to give them a burnout. That's what it's going to be.''' ,'''I've always been into 'NCIS' because my mom is a pretty big fan. I don't watch a lot of TV though.''' ,'''I want to win as much as anyone else.''' ,'''Of course the fans have been amazing to me, and I'm so appreciative of that.''' ,'''I think you should be a fan of something first if you intend to spend your life around it. You're going to have days when things don't go your way at the track. On those days, you just have to realize they happen to everybody in his sport and basically just suck it up.''' ,'''Phoenix is a unique track and we do not go anywhere like that place.''' ,'''I don't know how people view me. At the end of the day, I'm going to try to be me and do whatever I think is right, and however people view that, they have a right to that. I'm not going to lose any sleep over it, regardless.''' ,'''Racing is all I've ever wanted to do since I was little, so for me to say I'm not enjoying what I'm doing every weekend would be a big lie.''' ,'''Our goal is to win and win often.''' ,'''There's so many things you can't account for that can happen during each race. I just focus on controlling what I can.''' ,'''I've always paid a lot of attention to the races that go on throughout the offseason, being the Snowball Derby, the Chili Bowl, Rolex 24; races that I admire and really enjoy watching.''' ,'''You still need a good balance of what we do away from racing, and I feel like school, for me, has been that balance.''' ,'''Everybody is their own person.''' ,'''I don't think people realize how much that means to a driver when they see you wearing their T-shirt. It goes a long way for me.''' ,'''I'm trying to live life and drive racecars and be good at what I can be good at.''' ,'''Racing is something I've always wanted to do, so it's my dream come true.''' ,'''I've probably been in some dumb situations snowboarding. I'd say snowboarding in general isn't a dangerous deal, but you can get yourself into some bad spots. Unfortunately, I have probably been pretty dumb with that in getting off the beaten path.''' ,'''Racing is all I've ever wanted to do. I love sports in general, love watching them, love going to games. I have a lot respect for athletes throughout a lot of different sports, but racing has always been what I wanted to do.''' ,'''There's a lot of twisted folks and folks who don't stay true to who they are that can sometimes get led astray by work or by certain people pulling strings to make you be someone you don't want to be.''' ,'''We live in a world in racing where the guy who's comfortable being uncomfortable does well.''' ,'''Things are always changing, and you have to be, you just have to, I guess, kind of learn to deal with the ups and downs.''' ,'''Talladega is always an exciting place, a great track to host a large number of fans.''' ,'''Unfortunately, I can't sing or play any instruments. But, I love Collective Soul. They've got some good music.''' ,'''I don't usually socialize a ton with other people when I'm at the racetrack.''' ,'''I'm not trying to take on any title. I'm just trying to do my thing and be myself.''' ,'''I've talked to my dad about road course racing more than anybody. I feel like he was a very underrated road course racer, so he's probably been more helpful than anybody even at HMS.''' ,'''My parents obviously have played a huge role in my success.''' ,'''There is a handful of drivers and teams that have a shot to win every single week, and there is no reason we can't be among that group. That's our goal, and if you're in that position enough, it will go your way plenty and you'll get your fair share.''' ,'''I think that you never know what opportunity might come along or who might be watching. I just think you'd have to always keep that in mind.''' ,'''You got to live life.''' ,'''I go about things I think is correct. It might not be, but I try to do it that way.''' ,'''I try to be all ears with all advice.''' ,'''I'm also extremely grateful to Mr. Hendrick and my teammates at both Hendrick Motorsports and JR Motorsports for believing in me.''' ,'''I think because of my name and my dad, two things I am so proud of, the bar has always been so high in people's minds. But my bar has always been higher than that.''' ,'''You want to strive to be the best you can be, and hopefully one of the best, if you can ever make it that far.''' ,'''I'm open-minded, willing to make changes and do other things.''' ,'''When I'm dead and gone and my dad is dead and gone, he and I will share a championship with the last name Elliott forever. I don't think it gets any cooler than that.''' ,'''I love what I do, and I'm lucky to have the opportunities I have to go race, and that's all I can ask for.''' ,'''I don't think you have to go hit home runs to win races. I think we can get solid base hits with singles and doubles to put ourselves in a position to win.''' ,'''You're never going to replace Jeff Gordon at all.''' ,'''The points format rewards you for having wins throughout the playoffs.''' ,'''I'm going to keep doing my thing.''' ,'''I had a lot of respect for what my dad did and the success that he had. I wanted to give it a try. He never forced me in any way to go this route. It was my decision. He would push me to work harder at it but only because it was my decision to race. If there was ever a day when I didn't want to do it any more, he would be fine.''' ,'''I do not like tomatoes.''' ,'''I don't enjoy having any more or less road courses. I really don't care where we go.''' ,'''I've done two races in the same weekend in different places before.''' ,'''Kelley Blue Book is raising awareness for distracted driving and trying to grow that awareness for people to make our roads safer. The biggest issue is people texting and being on their phone while driving, but it goes further than that. The safety and the awareness is so important.''' ,'''I drive quite a bit. I always drive myself to the airport prior to a race.''' ,'''Dad has had a great following over the years.''' ,]
+++