+++
author = "David Nail"
title = "David Nail Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 David Nail Quotes"
keywords = "david nail,david nail quotes,david nail quote,david nail sayings,david nail saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have learned from Twitter that you get that instant feedback about what people think about what you did.''' ,'''I love barbecue, it's my favorite thing to eat.''' ,'''Sometimes you get so jaded, you don't have those initial connections and emotions with music, because you are promoting your own.''' ,'''Nowadays, social media is the easiest place to go to find something.''' ,'''I'm a worrywart, so I'm always a bit more stressed out than I should be or wish I was.''' ,'''There are very few people that I deal with from a business side that it's just strictly a one-sided business relationship. I think that's important.''' ,'''Over the course of a day, you get to get a feel for where you're playing, so when you get out on stage, you already feel like you've had a bit of a bonding experience with them.''' ,'''I think anytime you get nominated for an award, it's a very humbling thing.''' ,'''I've never really gotten into the whole labels thing. There were times I would cover a pop song, and people would say 'You sound really country.' I gave up on that whole thing a long time ago.''' ,'''The good Lord is amazing; He opens up doors. I was close to abandoning the dream, and He was like, 'Hey, slow down there, buddy.'''' ,'''I'm obviously very involved with my own charity and foundation that I work with. Obviously, I'm very passionate about that.''' ,'''Now just the thought of eating ice cream puts pounds on me.''' ,'''As awesome as it is to be with a big act and get three catered meals a day and get a dressing room with an actual shower in it, it's hard sometimes as a new artist to come across in 25 minutes. You get 25 minutes to hopefully impress these people. I think the longer set is more suitable for us and gives us an opportunity to connect better.''' ,'''I really like singing, but coming from a small town like where I grew up, how do you start that journey?''' ,'''As a singer, I just want to try to honor what the writers create - and as someone who's trying to write songs, I just hope I can stand in their company and not embarrass myself.''' ,'''I think every singer hears songs that make you want to sing them.''' ,'''I decided I was just going to sing the type of songs I gravitated toward and inspired me and moved me. I was going to let the people whose job it was to decide what places to put it, and let them do that. I'll stick to the singing part.''' ,'''I pay such close attention of the record making process that most people would assume are very little and wouldn't be that big of a deal; the packaging, the title, and the harmonies, I think, are arguably as important as the lead vocals.''' ,'''It's hard to believe the life that 'Someone Like You' has taken on. It's proof that people hunger for great songs - and they are open to different interpretations of songs they love.''' ,'''Any time I get to go home is a joyous occasion.''' ,'''I naively thought I had to go door to door, find somebody who could record me singing some songs. I didn't know Music Row, I didn't know anything! So after six or seven months, I went back home and went to college.''' ,'''My philosophy has always been that I hope I have a good enough day to give me another one, I hope that I have a good enough year to give me another year. I know that's cliched, but it's the truth in how I approach my career.''' ,]
+++