+++
author = "Scott Moir"
title = "Scott Moir Quotes"
quotes_len = "90"
description = "the best 90 Scott Moir Quotes"
keywords = "scott moir,scott moir quotes,scott moir quote,scott moir sayings,scott moir saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We love to compete, and I feel like national champion is a title I want to get every year, so to see it going to another team is going to hurt.''' ,'''In ice dance, the practices are huge. The judges are there, they're talking. Your judge is trying to sell you to the other countries' judges - 'Look at that lift, they have tons of speed' - and you have to be on.''' ,'''I would never even think about skating with somebody else. The whole reason I wanted to come back to skating was to be close to Tessa again, and to share those moments.''' ,'''Tessa and I have grown up together. It's hard to explain our relationship because we've gone through so much together. It's so intense. It is so special. You can't really compare it and it's hard for people to understand it.''' ,'''Obviously, Fred Astaire was a legend. I've tried to copy some of his movements.''' ,'''People assume because we've been doing this so long that we can hold it together, and that's not the case. It's not easy to get out there with all of the country watching at home.''' ,'''Every time I turn on the Olympics there is somebody that I know and have had intense conversations with, and that's cool.''' ,'''I think maybe the reason we've lasted so long is we respect each other as individuals and, you know, we love each other.''' ,'''We're very proud of our business relationship, it's been very special for 20 years. Who can say that? It makes me shake my head sometimes driving to the rink, because I'm still excited to see Tessa at the arena for warmup.''' ,'''It's exciting for me as a male to see other guys wanting to be ice dancers.''' ,'''What our generation hopefully is doing is not believing in that so-called bad luck that Canada has with figure skating at the Olympics.''' ,'''Golf has taught me a lot about patience and keeping my temper.''' ,'''It's funny to look back - Tessa was seven and I was nine. I remember there wasn't a lot of talking at the beginning. We were terrified to hold hands for quite a while.''' ,'''We want to go out and bring the house down. Anything short of that, we get disappointed.''' ,'''I was just kind of sour with the sport. I didn't want anything to do with it. I went into a period of excessive partying and doing anything that wasn't figure skating, really. I went and built a house with my brother. I shut the whole world out and shut everything down.''' ,'''I kind of thought like many skaters, 'aw, I'm not going to coach, I've already spent my 22 years in the rink.'''' ,'''We were made for each other, in a work relationship. There's real love there. We're so proud of the business relationship we have.''' ,'''Ice dance was a part of my life from a young age. My older brother ice danced and like many younger brothers, I wanted to follow in my older brother's footsteps.''' ,'''I've had partners - life partners, that didn't understand it and I felt the pressure of that and took it out on Tessa, or vice versa I'm sure it wasn't peachy to be in a relationship with me.''' ,'''On a short program, you've got to be tight and you've got to make sure that you get all your points.''' ,'''We'd love to have a perfect scoresheet at the Olympic Games, but at the same time we always find we skate well when we think about our feeling and our performance, and just being connected to each other.''' ,'''When I watch a movie, I want movie stars to be in love too.''' ,'''I think I'm more made for radio myself.''' ,'''We knew we made a mistake in 2014. We didn't pick music that was dear to our hearts and weren't personally invested in a program. We vowed to never do that again.''' ,'''When we think about making the people in the audience happy, or trying to make them feel something, it kind of goes to waste. Usually we have our best skates when we just think about each other, and we just think about being in unison, and think about the program we're trying to do.''' ,'''I mean, Patrick Chan, you could make the argument he's the best skater that ever was.''' ,'''We're very passionate about figure skating but it's a huge world out there and there's a lot of opportunity, and it'll be so much fun to see where we go.''' ,'''I don't think it would be fair for Tessa to do 'Dancing With The Stars.'''' ,'''We build programs with points in mind.''' ,'''2017 was probably one of the hardest years of my life. There were a lot of personal struggles. I lost some very important people. I had a best friend and then a grandfather pass away. Through it all, skating became an anchor. I used to think of it as a job. Now it was getting me through and giving me hope.''' ,'''For some, sport is just a short chapter of their lives so I am excited to help athletes develop many life skills that they can take with them on their next chapter.''' ,'''Tess and I have a unique relationship, she is like my younger but way more mature sister.''' ,''''The Seasons' program that really is part of our souls, it tells the story of our relationship of Tessa and Scott and it's a lot of fun for our longtime fans and hopefully for our new fans.''' ,'''In my opinion, sport teaches valuable lessons in extremely rewarding circumstances.''' ,'''After PyeongChang and after the tours, I was searching for different fulfillment. And then when my fiancee walked into my life, it became clear the direction I wanted to head.''' ,'''People always think we have the summer off, but it's the opposite. From our rink you can see through the glass to the weather outside, and on a nice day that's really tough.''' ,'''You've got to make it easy for the judges to mark. It's got to be clean elements.''' ,'''Tessa and I, what we'd like to be - it's so hard to evaluate ourselves - when we're training, focusing on things, it's about a man and a woman, what we create between each other, working off each other.''' ,'''You don't win the Olympic to make millions. People are always like, 'Where is your Lamborghini?'''' ,'''People always ask you, 'Are you like brother and sister? Are you like a married couple?' It's really original and it can't really be explained.''' ,'''I want to get back on the international stage. I want to bring in Olympic champions to southwestern Ontario and I want it to be done the right way.''' ,'''It's an interesting partnership that we have, friendship, whatever you want to call it. We don't even know what to call it. But we know that it's special and we're celebrating that.''' ,'''We really focus when we compete, not about the placement so much, just about us having our moment.''' ,'''My first love was hockey, but it seemed the more I skated and danced with Tessa, the more I fell in love with the sport.''' ,'''We don't have to fake the feeling of looking into each other's eyes and feeling something. That's a joy. It's been a joy our whole career.''' ,'''You have to be pretty fortunate to do multiple games and have a shot at medals.''' ,'''If Tessa had a boyfriend, the guy better be really good to her.''' ,'''I have always enjoyed being a part of a team and benefitting from lifting the spirits of a teammate one day and having them lift yours the next.''' ,'''It's kind of edgy, but you do have this emotional connection to it. It gives you goosebumps, it makes you feel something every day in training. That 'Moulin Rouge' soundtrack does that for us.''' ,'''We have nothing but fond memories from Sochi.''' ,'''We're not coming back unless it's to become Olympic champions again.''' ,'''It's really tricky to find someone who understands the relationship that Tessa and I have, because it's unique.''' ,'''I want to inspire the next generation of athletes, not just figure skaters.''' ,'''For me, it's about being true to myself and being true to our goals and not being afraid to declare what you want.''' ,'''We had a whole bunch of perks after the Olympic games like having dinner with the Queen of England and being hosted by the Prince of Monaco. We got to drop pucks at hockey games. We got to go on quite a tour.''' ,'''It's motivating to watch younger teams excel.''' ,'''As a coach, I am committed to not only developing well-rounded athletes but also good human beings.''' ,'''To be an Olympian is not flattering for any partner that's with you. It's a really selfish part of your life.''' ,'''We came back. We didn't have to. It was for us. And I think there is power to that. We're doing this because we love figure skating, because we love ice dancing with each other. It's a crazy thing to say, but that's why.''' ,'''People can be a little bit catty.''' ,'''We're always telling stories, we're supposed to be reacting, a man and woman on the ice, it's romantic.''' ,'''I think golf is more demanding when you're actually good at it.''' ,'''It's hard to slack off when you have these guys out there going 100 miles an hour around the ice.''' ,'''I took some time, got out of the limelight a bit, and started going back into the rinks to just help out.''' ,'''What I find about Olympic games is there's so many fantastic stories, and the celebration of sport, and to be involved in that is the honor of our lifetime.''' ,'''Some days I look at Tessa and I just think this is such a funny little relationship that we have.''' ,'''We wanted to prove to everybody that we weren't the same old Tessa and Scott, trying to do the same tricks again. We wanted to be different.''' ,'''That's what we love to do and I think our skating's at it's best when we do that: when we draw people in and hopefully make them feel something.''' ,'''Actually I prefer brunettes.''' ,'''We wanted to be World Champions before going to the Olympics.''' ,'''When I'm home, my friends are all coming home from work, their lives are a little more concrete.''' ,'''Tessa's hilarious. I think it's one of the things that gets overlooked because she's always so pulled together, but she has the best sense of humor.''' ,'''Tessa is brilliant in every sense. Everybody should have a Tessa.''' ,'''At Skate Canada, we have a history of very professional judging that's very fair, and we're proud of that.''' ,'''Obviously, the skaters in generations before us didn't have the opportunity to win multiple medals at an Olympic Games. We recognize that.''' ,'''We're proud of the body of work we've been able to do and the commitment to our careers and our sport.''' ,'''I don't think revenge is enough to fuel the fire it takes to go to an Olympic Games and be successful.''' ,'''Now we understand that experience counts for a lot. Tessa and I have been together for a very long time, we've been in a lot of situations and we know how to handle them.''' ,'''We have the biggest title in the sport and we wanted to make sure that we pushed ourselves and experimented with the sport and I think we've done that.''' ,'''One of the benefits of training in America is that we can go out and there isn't that hype.''' ,'''Anybody that Tessa and I end up with in our personal lives would have to understand how much we love skating and how much we love being together on the ice. If they didn't understand that, then we wouldn't be with them.''' ,'''As Canadians, we were born on the ice. We think we're the best in the world.''' ,'''It is discouraging a little bit to look up at the board and see that we're about 30 points behind our points goal for a competition.''' ,'''If I can inspire at least one per cent to live what I lived being a part of the Canadian Olympic team then I'm very happy with that.''' ,'''I would say that how we want to be remembered is by inspiring the next generation, and that goes for Canadians and anyone in the world. Hopefully ice dance has come to a new level.''' ,'''You can't just measure yourself solely on winning that medal. It has to be on the everyday experience.''' ,'''We're a team that likes to win, and we expect to win every time we go out.''' ,'''We feel like we're the Olympic gold medallists and we have the opportunity to bring that gold home. That will be our goal and short of that we would probably be disappointed.''' ,'''We'll know when our skating career is over by how we've progressed over the years and if we think we've got to a place where we couldn't do any better - then it would be time to retire.''' ,'''I believe in the morals that I do. I believe in the projects I take part in and I think that has been my north star.''' ,]
+++