+++
author = "Tony Curtis"
title = "Tony Curtis Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Tony Curtis Quotes"
keywords = "tony curtis,tony curtis quotes,tony curtis quote,tony curtis sayings,tony curtis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We often don't think of them, we think of the great wars and the great battles, but what about losing a son or a daughter, or a girl losing her husband or vice versa? I think of the people who never got the chance to have the opportunities I had.''' ,'''Every movie I've been in has ended up on television.''' ,'''If you know how to live in Vegas you can have the best time.''' ,'''The government gave me enough money to go to acting school.''' ,'''The movie business is very twisted, out of site, out of mind, you know.''' ,'''For instance, I always have one hanging in Budapest in the mayors office.''' ,'''It's such a human condition, whether you're a great track star or a great knitting person or you paint watercolors - someone knows who you are.''' ,'''Everywhere I go in the world, people know me and recognise me and really show affection for me.''' ,'''I was born in and worked in a period that could be called enviable.''' ,'''My whole world before I joined the Navy was my neighborhood in the Bronx.''' ,'''They gave me away as a prize once - a Win Tony Curtis For A Weekend competition. The woman who won was disappointed. She'd hoped for second prize - a new stove.''' ,'''Like an opera singer, I am able to sing out my song in paint.''' ,'''But my longevity is due to my good timing.''' ,'''I can't sit around and wait for the telephone to ring.''' ,'''But where there is no art show, I would still be painting.''' ,'''I've been in the movies for 50 years, I've made 130 some-odd movies.''' ,'''I've made 122 movies, and I daresay there's a picture of mine showing somewhere in the world every day.''' ,'''While you're doing it, you don't really know what you're doing.''' ,'''I like Vegas for its spontaneity.''' ,'''I wouldn't be caught dead marrying a woman old enough to be my wife.''' ,'''At 17, I dreamed of seeing the world. At 19, I had been around the world and back.''' ,'''I look at everything in an artistic way.''' ,'''I enjoy being recognized whatever environment I'm in.''' ,'''I used to be good friends with my depression, saying oh I'm so depressed, or life is terrible.''' ,'''Its not age as much as the experiences I have had.''' ,'''Painting is much more than therapy to me its a way of life.''' ,'''Yes I'm still working, but my life's no longer filled with it.''' ,'''I want the public to know that it will be an honor for me to meet them and spend a few special moments with all those who helped me through my filmed career.''' ,'''I enlisted when I was a boy. The Navy looked after me like my mother. It fed me, took care of me and gave me wonderful opportunities.''' ,'''It is for the latter that I always wanted to be an actor: to play characters who are always on the move.''' ,'''Now I'm a painter. That was another opportunity I was able to pursue, I've been painting all my life, now it's become a second career because of my success in the movies.''' ,'''I'm world famous, everywhere I go there are people who love me because of I've been able to bring them some joy from the movies I've made.''' ,'''The service meant so much to me. You don't know privileged I feel and how lucky I am to have served.''' ,'''I joined the Navy hoping to be submariner and ended up in the sub service aboard a tender in the Pacific.''' ,'''I've just opened a show in Florida, although I also have many pieces on display around the world.''' ,'''I will always remember this summer day in Paris, when I was to perform a great acrobatic move. I can still see myself stepping on the ring of a packed circus along real performers.''' ,'''Even on a personal note, my dressing table downstairs is crowded with things, like a mini landscape. It's a city with buildings and towers and roads. There's a pool and a little park. When I move something around it becomes a different tableau.''' ,'''I don't know what organically grown chickens are; I've never seen one.''' ,]
+++