+++
author = "Katherine Kelly"
title = "Katherine Kelly Quotes"
quotes_len = "85"
description = "the best 85 Katherine Kelly Quotes"
keywords = "katherine kelly,katherine kelly quotes,katherine kelly quote,katherine kelly sayings,katherine kelly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I take one day at a time. I've always been like that.''' ,'''Any aspirational job is tough because everyone wants to do it.''' ,'''I love going to other people's weddings, but I have never desired a big white wedding for myself, and it has never been put on me as a pressure, an expectation.''' ,'''I've got a green card, so I can work there any time, but I hate reading about actors going to America, because it's not like that anymore.''' ,'''I really like lads and grew up with two brothers and all of their mates. I'm also close to several actors that I've played opposite.''' ,'''I get weepy even watching the news.''' ,'''I'm a good old Yorkshire girl in that I don't like to talk about things that are on tick. As my nana always said, 'Until you've bought it, it's not yours,' so until it's signed on the dotted line, I don't like to talk about it.''' ,'''I can't imagine soaps will ever stop, because people will always watch as long as they have great stories and characters. But the soaps will have to keep evolving, won't they?''' ,'''You've got to be brave.''' ,'''I initially went into 'Coronation Street' for three months. If they had said back then, 'Do you want to do it for six years?' I probably would have said, 'I don't think so.'''' ,'''If you drop a line in the theatre, you can usually find a way round it. But you can't do that as easily on television - you're in the hands of too many people.''' ,'''There's no point daydreaming about what you want to play, because there might never be a script with that part in.''' ,'''In the evening, we either go to the cinema or stay in and get a takeaway - my favourites are Chinese or Indian.''' ,'''You can't go back to work unless you have a great support network, whatever that is. My mum and dad, sister, and husband are great.''' ,'''If I had a penny for every time I've been asked if I'm going to work in America.''' ,'''My mum and dad's hobby was amateur dramatics.''' ,'''I agree with my mother that having children removes a layer of skin that you never grow back.''' ,'''I'd be a terrible journalist. I wouldn't want to pry; I just don't have that nature.''' ,'''I'm always proud to be in something that's good.''' ,'''I've already been married six times in my career as an actress - twice as Becky - so I think a wedding of my own might feel too much like work!''' ,'''One of my first memories is running up and down the theatre at Wakefield Opera House.''' ,'''I have been listening to people's advice. Being a parent, you need all the advice you can get.''' ,'''When I left 'Coronation Street,' I wondered if I could ever be lucky enough to work with such a unanimously wonderful company of good people - and I've just come to that good bunch again.''' ,'''You should see the way I walk around on the way to the nursery. I look a state.''' ,'''I'm delighted to join the cast of 'Field Of Blood: The Dead Hour.'''' ,'''I don't really get a buzz from playing characters that are similar to me 'cause that's not acting to me.''' ,'''I enjoy what I'm doing at the moment and try not to think too much about the future.''' ,'''It's lovely being in a hit.''' ,'''I couldn't knock on people's door; if they answered the door and said, 'I don't want to speak to you,' I'd be like, 'Oh, OK then - I wouldn't either, to be honest.'''' ,'''I remember trying to explain the class system to a Canadian friend when we started at RADA. The funniest thing was when I told her what bonfire night is all about. It's quite dark when you start breaking it down.''' ,'''We have a part-time nanny who does a few afternoons a week. We have a nursery.''' ,'''In the Depression, big musicals made a comeback.''' ,'''I used to work at a pub called The Miner's Rest, and the landlord, Dennis, taught me how to pour a proper pint - it's the type of place where the regulars would send their drinks back if they weren't right.''' ,'''I always took 'Coronation Street' a year at a time anyway. It was the 50th anniversary; I'd been there five years. It just felt right to leave.''' ,'''I've sort of overlapped every job that I've done, really.''' ,'''Until I'm actually stood on the set doing the job, I always keep my options open.''' ,'''I take my hat off to working mums and especially single working mums. I honestly don't know how they do it.''' ,'''Even at home, I don't have pictures on the wall of jobs I've done.''' ,'''Becoming a mother has turned my world upside down, but in a really good way - it's the best.''' ,'''The next series of 'Mr Selfridge' has moved on five years. It's 1914 now, and the war is brewing. Halfway through the series, some of the Selfridges staff have to go off to fight, so they get women in to do the men's jobs.''' ,'''Awards go up at Mum and Dad's, but home is home, and I don't like to bring the office home.''' ,'''As an actress, weekends can be spent working, but my husband, Ryan, works regular hours as an analytics manager for L'Oreal.''' ,'''It's better to have tried and failed than never tried, you can rest easy knowing you gave it a go.''' ,'''The police who did our training said 'Happy Valley' is one of the only police programmes they can watch and not burst out laughing, saying, 'As if you'd do that.' They think it's really authentic.''' ,'''All I know is Andrew Davies is an amazing writer; I adore the scripts. I think that Jeremy Piven is outstanding.''' ,'''The RSC changed my career, and 'Coronation Street' changed my life.''' ,'''On Sunday, we will Skype relatives - my brother lives in America, my best friend is in Canada, and Ryan's family are all in Australia.''' ,'''Whenever there was a show like 'Calamity Jane,' me and my siblings would be plonked on stage in a costume because it was easier to have us in it rather than sort out babysitters.''' ,'''I remember, when I was a teenager, 'Pride And Prejudice' came out. We hadn't had a period drama for ages, and were all glued to it, and for the next three years, Jane Austen series were being made.''' ,'''It's been great for me to play a real baddie.''' ,'''I just take every script as it comes along and take it from there.''' ,'''So many people say you have to remember to grab hold of your bride or groom and spend time with them. I think if we had done a traditional wedding, we would have been doing it for everyone else, but this was about the two of us.''' ,'''I'm really looking forward to filming in Glasgow with a top-class cast and crew.''' ,'''I miss everyone on 'Coronation Street,' but I don't miss playing Becky.''' ,'''As for getting married, I don't have strong feelings, really - I can take or leave it.''' ,'''I've had a fantastic time at 'Coronation Street,' and I'm chuffed at the reaction to Becky. It's been this lovely redemption story, and I think that's what the viewers have enjoyed about it.''' ,'''I've never been a person to wish for stuff - I just take it as it comes.''' ,'''The novelty of corsets and dresses and hats very soon wears off.''' ,'''I have many close male friends.''' ,'''It sounds so boring - and my brothers tease, 'Oh poor you, pulling pretend pints all day' - but it's very, very long hours, and you're knackered when you get home.''' ,'''There are lots of people in my life I just don't get the chance to see as much as I would like.''' ,'''Our Sunday evenings tend to be quiet and relaxing, and we try to go to bed early before the start of another busy week.''' ,'''When I read the diary of former 'Daily Mirror' editor Piers Morgan, I realised it was a tough old world to be part of.''' ,'''I'm quite happy being single.''' ,'''You just need a good plan and then a back-up plan!''' ,'''Maybe having to pretend to be in love with someone and then jump into bed with them breaks the ice very quickly; friendship follows fast.''' ,'''I've got a great husband who's very good with Orla - she's a real daddy's girl.''' ,'''I bought the 'Happy Valley' DVD because Steve Pemberton was in it.''' ,'''There's no sort of hierarchy at 'Corrie.' The crew get on.''' ,'''I don't do resolutions, as I am a rebel without a cause in that respect - I always break them by the second of Jan.!''' ,'''We take each week as it comes; we're juggling just like everybody else. It's all about spinning plates.''' ,'''I know lots of people who work in the U.S. but don't live there.''' ,'''I would always consider going back to 'Coronation Street.'''' ,'''I always look so different in different roles, people are never quite sure. Which is the way I like it.''' ,'''I'm 30; I don't have any commitments, and there are great parts out there that I want to play.''' ,'''I've got a really good network that includes friends who all had babies within eight weeks of each other, plus my sister, a lovely part-time nanny and a nursery where Orla goes for half days.''' ,'''I don't think, as a journalist, I'd ever get a story written. I'd probably spend five years researching it, and by the time I'd finish it, no one would be interested in it anymore.''' ,'''It's hard when something's bigged up because you want people to watch it, so you have to promote it. It'd be great if it was the old-fashioned days when there was no press, and you just switched on and thought, 'Oh, God, what's going on?'''' ,'''I was excited when I first got the call, when I heard BBC Four were making a biography and they were interested in me being a part of it.''' ,'''That's the great thing about 'Corrie': it is an ensemble cast, and it didn't rest on one person's shoulders by any means.''' ,'''What is happening now to me in my career is amazing, so I dwell on the things that are happening rather than the things that aren't, because what's the point? It doesn't make them happen.''' ,'''Don't be fooled. Looks can be deceptive. Like every working mother, I'm paddling away like a duck beneath the water.''' ,'''I wouldn't put myself on the same pedestal as Sarah Lancashire.''' ,'''My parents are really honest when they watch something. My nan is brutally honest. She'll tell me, 'Oh, you looked awful in that scene,' and I'm like, 'Well, I was giving birth at the time, so it probably worked with the character, Nan.'''' ,'''I'm a very separate person to my job.''' ,]
+++