+++
author = "Stephanie Corneliussen"
title = "Stephanie Corneliussen Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Stephanie Corneliussen Quotes"
keywords = "stephanie corneliussen,stephanie corneliussen quotes,stephanie corneliussen quote,stephanie corneliussen sayings,stephanie corneliussen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The dream was to be a prima ballerina.''' ,'''With modelling, if you want to be good at it, you try to tell a story in a photo and give a person a sense of feeling.''' ,'''My job as an actress was to be a good scene partner to Martin Wallstrom, who plays Tyrell Wellick.''' ,'''I am very liberal and fairly exhibitionistic. I don't really have a problem with nudity or anything like that.''' ,'''Joanna is a strong female character, and I love playing her. But one of the things about her is that she always says exactly what she's thinking.''' ,'''I love talking with fans.''' ,'''I think the cinematography in 'Mr. Robot' is some of the best I've ever seen, honestly. Not even as being part of the show but as somebody who enjoys cinema and movies in film and TV.''' ,'''I grew up with a father who taught me chess at the age of 6 or 7. He'd always beat me. Of course. I was a kid of 6 or 7. After he won, he'd look at me and say, 'It's good to be king.' And then he'd say, 'But you know what's even better? To rule the world.'''' ,'''You have to be very specific on the technical part of the acting.''' ,'''A lot of the composing posture you see in Joanna I actually took from Lauren Bacall from 'To Have or Have Not.' I absolutely adored that movie as a kid, and I just remembered this woman who was so statuesque, and I was like, 'I want to do that.'''' ,'''I just fell into modeling.''' ,'''For some reason, I don't like the term 'model-turned-actress' - which is what I am, essentially.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an actor, and then modelling came first. But I don't want to diminish the fact that I always wanted, and had the passion, to be an actor.''' ,'''My first paid acting gig in the States was playing a lizard-transforming, shape-shifting witch in 'Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters', I believe.''' ,'''When I got the script for 'Mr. Robot,' I was auditioning for a bunch of stuff. I had an audition going for a movie at the time that I wanted to do.''' ,'''I think, as human beings, we need some balance in our life, right?''' ,]
+++