+++
author = "Demi Lovato"
title = "Demi Lovato Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Demi Lovato Quotes"
keywords = "demi lovato,demi lovato quotes,demi lovato quote,demi lovato sayings,demi lovato saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''On TV, you have wardrobe fittings, you have four cameras on you at all times, and you're worried about your angles and your lighting and your shots.''' ,'''It's a big responsibility dating me. Because I come with a little bit of baggage, you know?''' ,'''Recovery is something that you have to work on every single day and it's something that it doesn't get a day off.''' ,'''Music is what I love to do; it's in my veins.''' ,'''In treatment, all of the negative things I did were stripped away and I had to start processing my feelings.''' ,'''I think I've definitely had my rock bottom and I think that was probably right before I went into treatment where I said, 'I definitely need help.'''' ,'''I never found out until I went into treatment that I was bipolar.''' ,'''I'm honest about the journey I've been on, so I definitely don't take dating lightly anymore.''' ,'''One of the reasons I was so unhappy for years was because I never embraced my emotions and I was trying to stay in control.''' ,'''After so long being thin, it was terrifying being heavier. But I am a naturally curvy Hispanic girl. I don't deprive myself.''' ,'''Sometimes you don't know who you can and cannot trust. I still learn that over and over again.''' ,'''If it takes me 10 years to be the musician I want to be, great.''' ,'''I was compulsively overeating when I was eight years old.''' ,'''I learned that you go through things, you deal with them and that's what empowers you and ultimately makes you a happy person.''' ,'''After hundreds of auditions and nothing, you're sitting home and wondering, 'What am I doing?'''' ,'''Now on Friday nights, if I want to go hang out with friends, I go hang out with friends. If I want to stay in and be in the hot tub and have people over to watch movies, I do that.''' ,'''I want to be fearless.''' ,'''I think that women who know who they are are beautiful.''' ,'''My stepdad provided me with an amazing childhood. I played outside like a normal kid, I rode my bike, I walked to school, but the happiest times were when I was acting.''' ,'''I still had a normal childhood with my friends from school.''' ,'''If I'm able to use my voice to do good in the world then I definitely want to do that.''' ,'''I love life on the road. I'm in a different city every night and it never gets old.''' ,'''I've come to realize your career is all about the choices you make. Every single one matters.''' ,'''I don't see myself doing television, but I do see myself directing.''' ,'''I pray every night before I go to sleep and every morning when I wake up.''' ,'''Where I am today... I still have my ups and downs, but I take it one day at a time and I just hope that I can be the best that I can possibly be, not only for myself, but also young people that are out there today that need someone to look up to.''' ,'''Never be ashamed of what you feel. You have the right to feel any emotion that you want, and to do what makes you happy. That's my life motto.''' ,'''I try to keep it real. I don't have time to worry about what I'm projecting to the world. I'm just busy being myself.''' ,'''I love having a boyfriend but need to be secure on my own first.''' ,'''I was just so sick. I thought that orange juice was going to make me fat.''' ,'''Sometimes I think, 'Why couldn't I have been normal?'''' ,'''I think scars are like battle wounds - beautiful, in a way. They show what you've been through and how strong you are for coming out of it.''' ,'''I want to get to the point where one day I don't have to have anything but a rug and a microphone stand on stage and still be able to sell out places like Madison Square Garden, like Bruce Springsteen does.''' ,'''Rocker dudes don't have a lot of swagger.''' ,'''I don't think there's going to be a day when I don't think about food or my body, but I'm living with it, and I wish I could tell young girls to find their safe place and stay with it.''' ,'''I believe in aliens. I think it would be way too selfish of us as mankind to believe we are the only lifeforms in the universe.''' ,'''My sisters and my mom, those people help me get through every single day.''' ,'''I knew from the second I stepped onstage. I was like, yep, this is what I want to do.''' ,'''I don't let anyone's insecurities, emotions, or opinions bother me. I know that if I am happy, that's all that matters to me.''' ,'''Everyone has the bully or the mean girl or the ex-boyfriend who tried to bring them down.''' ,'''Being a celebrity can be dangerous. Nobody says 'no.'''' ,'''I get mad. I get sad. I have all those emotions. But I just like to keep them to myself. I don't think my fans need to be bothered with if I'm mad or sad about something. I should just be concerned that they are keeping up with my music or I'm making them happy with my show.''' ,'''I feel like I'm held more accountable to stay healthy now because now I'm a role model to young girls to not have eating issues and to not say, 'Hey, it's OK to starve yourself' or 'It's OK to throw up after your meals' - that's not OK.''' ,'''Some of my fans have said that because I've been able to speak about my issues, that they're not afraid to speak about theirs, which is an amazing feeling.''' ,'''I know that I have a voice and can use it for good or bad. It's a gift from God.''' ,'''I never thought that I'd be a role model. Everyone kind of just made me a role model, and I hated that.''' ,'''No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel and it may seem hard to get to it but you can do it and just keep working towards it and you'll find the positive side of things.''' ,'''Creativity is what helps me escape a lot of my inner demons.''' ,'''I want my music to do the explaining.''' ,'''I don't have many deal breakers. I've done so much in my life, it doesn't feel right to judge other people.''' ,]
+++