+++
author = "Mohammed Morsi"
title = "Mohammed Morsi Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Mohammed Morsi Quotes"
keywords = "mohammed morsi,mohammed morsi quotes,mohammed morsi quote,mohammed morsi sayings,mohammed morsi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know about technology, about research, scientific applications, culture, civilization, differences between nations of the world, the nature of history.''' ,'''I'm very keen on having true freedom of expression. True freedom of faith. And free practice of religious faith.''' ,'''When the Egyptians decide something, probably it is not appropriate for the U.S. When the Americans decide something, this, of course, is not appropriate for Egypt.''' ,'''We all have to announce our full solidarity with the struggle of those seeking freedom and justice in Syria, and translate this sympathy into a clear political vision that supports a peaceful transition to a democratic system of rule that reflects the demands of the Syrian people for freedom.''' ,'''The president of the Arab Republic of Egypt is the commander of the armed forces, full stop.''' ,'''The Zionists have no right to the land of Palestine. There is no place for them on the land of Palestine.''' ,'''There cannot be peace in the Middle East without giving Palestinians their full rights.''' ,'''There is a positive and personal relationship between the Egyptian people and the Syrian people.''' ,'''The most important thing for me is to have real friendship between Egyptians and Americans.''' ,'''We Egyptians reject any kind of assault or insult against our prophet.''' ,'''Egypt now is a real civil state. It is not theocratic, it is not military. It is democratic, free, constitutional, lawful and modern.''' ,'''The revolutions of the Arab Spring happened because people realized they were the power.''' ,'''Egypt is practicing its very normal role on its soil and does not threaten anyone and there should not be any kind of international or regional concerns at all from the presence of Egyptian security forces.''' ,'''If there is a spot where you have dictatorship, where people are not free, people are not satisfied, they do not find food and shelter, they are under the poverty level, this is a dangerous spot for the whole world, because those people will move, and they will move to different places. They will be carrying bad feelings towards others.''' ,'''I never meant to antagonize anyone.''' ,'''Freedom of expression comes with responsibilities, especially when it comes with serious implications for peace.''' ,'''I will not betray my country.''' ,'''Conflict does not lead to stability in the world.''' ,'''I will not use my legislative powers except in a very limited framework.''' ,'''If you want to judge the performance of the Egyptian people by the standards of German or Chinese or American culture, then there is no room for judgment.''' ,'''The world is not uni-cultural. We must live together rather than seeking to dominate each other. The people in the world cannot accept domination anymore.''' ,'''There is no power above people power.''' ,'''The world stage is very difficult. It's not easy to be on the world stage.''' ,'''When I say, 'I am supporting the police or the army,' I am talking about the army in general and the police in general. In general, those institutions are good institutions.''' ,'''We must confront this Zionist entity. All ties of all kinds must be severed with this plundering criminal entity, which is supported by America and its weapons, as well as by its own nuclear weapons, the existence of which is well known. It will bring about their own destruction.''' ,'''The situation in Egypt is stable. We are ready for tourism and investment.''' ,'''I will treat everyone equally and be a servant of the Egyptian people.''' ,'''I am the first Egyptian civilian president elected democratically, freely, following a great, peaceful revolution.''' ,'''Egyptians are always and will always be supportive of their Palestinian brothers, all Palestinians.''' ,]
+++