+++
author = "Cindy Crawford"
title = "Cindy Crawford Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 Cindy Crawford Quotes"
keywords = "cindy crawford,cindy crawford quotes,cindy crawford quote,cindy crawford sayings,cindy crawford saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't think makeup is rocket science or a cure for cancer.''' ,'''Just because you can wear a micro-miniskirt it doesn't mean you should. You don't need to show your midriff, either, if you're over 40.''' ,'''I wasn't the most popular girl in school by any means.''' ,'''Modern women - we're very good at keeping ourselves busy. There are PTA meetings, exercising, bake sales at school. I like that my life is not the same every day.''' ,'''The good thing about people underestimating models is that the bar is set so low, you tend to impress people more easily.''' ,'''Being a nice girl from the Mid-West, my inclination is always to give in and say yes because I want people to like me.''' ,'''I don't have to try to be perfect at everything.''' ,'''The thing I like about my body is that it's strong. I can move furniture around my apartment. I can ride my horse... I can play basketball. It's a well functioning machine.''' ,'''It's become another dimension to who I am. I don't think Sports Illustrated is going to be wanting me. But who cares? I'm at a different place in my life.''' ,'''I just want to be a nice girl from the Midwest - I don't want to have to act like a heavy to be taken seriously, and I resent that I have to be so pushy and political sometimes just to do my job.''' ,'''I've tried and failed a lot. But I've also tried to be really clear about my brand. It is who I am. I'm a mum, I'm a wife, I'm 44 and from the Midwest.''' ,'''I don't look the same as I did 20 years ago, nor should I.''' ,'''Our family room, where we live, is about togetherness and ease. Nothing in my house is too formal. There are no coasters on tables; the kids can eat Popsicles on the couch if they want to. I let them ride these little cycles we got for them when they were 3 that have rubber wheels and no pedals.''' ,'''Most of the reason I work out now is not for the external - it's for how I feel. I find working out gives me more energy. I started eight days after he was born.''' ,'''Fashion and style is just that. Fashion and style. It's not brain surgery.''' ,'''I don't waste as much time at work because I'd rather spend it with my kids.''' ,'''It's important for moms to have alone time. However, that's the first thing that goes on a busy day. Fortunately for me, because of my job, I have to find the time to do it. At least that's the way my mind sees it. I have to exercise to be able to fit the clothes and book the jobs.''' ,'''But I try to steal other moments. Sometimes I get up very early in the morning and enjoy a quiet house and cup of tea before the craziness begins. Other times, I'll take a quick walk on the beach. You can find peace in a few minutes.''' ,'''I think the way kids learn most is not by what you say, but by what you do.''' ,'''Life is where you're at. Whatever you're doing is enough. You don't need to do everything well all the time. When you live your life like that, it's a huge relief.''' ,'''There are things I'd wish weren't part of ageing. But what you gain is much more than you're giving up. I don't think you come into your own until you're 35 or so.''' ,'''Twitter is just like posting old-fashioned press releases, and it can be very effective in promoting your business interests and charity work.''' ,'''They were doing a full back shot of me in a swimsuit and I thought, Oh my God, I have to be so brave. See, every woman hates herself from behind.''' ,'''Even in normal life, I'm not the skinniest model.''' ,'''Richard doesn't really like me to kill bugs, but sometimes I can't help it.''' ,'''In the studio, I do try to have a thought in my head, so that it's not like a blank stare.''' ,'''It's a huge change for your body. You don't even want to look in the mirror after you've had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a Shar-Pei.''' ,'''I want my home to look good, feel good, and smell good. I want it to be inclusive, to reflect the people who live there.''' ,'''It's important for moms to have alone time. However, that's the first thing that goes on a busy day. Fortunately for me, because of my job, I have to find the time to do it. At least that's the way my mind sees it.''' ,'''You don't even want to look in the mirror after you've had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a Shar-Pei.''' ,'''How many girls, models or not, are secure about their bodies? I think I'm more realistic about what to expect of myself now. I also have a lot of other things than modeling going on in my life that I'm proud of.''' ,'''I believe that at least 70 percent of parenting goes to the mother. In our house, I'm the one who knows about all the school stuff, helps with the homework, organizes the play dates, and remembers the birthday parties.''' ,'''I think if people are passionate about something, it could be real estate or biochemistry, and that spark gets turned on in them, everyone's beautiful in that zone.''' ,'''I hated turning 40; the whole idea of it stank. But once I got through it, I was fine.''' ,'''If I put on a few pounds, it goes straight to my butt.''' ,'''I have cellulite. I admit it. But sometimes I just say, 'Screw it, I am going to wear a bikini.'''' ,'''I'm not a fan of fillers at all. If you've gone 35 or 40 years without big lips, I don't think it's time to start plumping them up artificially.''' ,'''I don't want to have to be beautiful all the time. I want to be able to look cruddy in my weekend sweats, with a pimple on my face and pimple cream on top of the pimple. The expectation to always be beautiful bothers me.''' ,'''I married someone whom I was close friends with first. I think that was a really good move.''' ,'''I get the hypocrisy thing, but any human being is allowed to have a public and private face, and celebrities should have the same rights as regular people to decide what cards they lay down and what cards they hide.''' ,'''Obviously, your family life is the priority, but there's still other stuff you have to get done in a day. I think the way I make it work is by taking care of myself, and that includes fitness and eating right and all those things, but also by being very organized and punctual.''' ,'''When you are getting ready to become a mom, being in love with someone just isn't enough. You need to think about whether he would be a good parent and raise your children with similar beliefs.''' ,'''I like to work. The self-esteem and satisfaction that I get from working makes me a better person, which makes me a better mom. I feel lucky because I have the luxury of working only one or two days a week.''' ,'''I always knew I wanted to have children.''' ,'''I'm all-American. Sexy but not intimidating. Not the kind of woman who's going to steal someone's husband.''' ,'''I am not a fine chef, but I can certainly get dinner on the table for 14 people. With that many, I try to keep it simple: salmon, mashed potatoes, sauteed spinach, and salad.''' ,'''Not that I believe you can have it all: I believe you can have it all, just not at the same time.''' ,'''Even I don't wake up looking like Cindy Crawford.''' ,'''The face you have at age 25 is the face God gave you, but the face you have after 50 is the face you earned.''' ,'''Having children really changes your priorities.''' ,'''I always knew I wanted to have children. When I met my husband, Rande, I thought, 'This is the guy.' When you are getting ready to become a mom, being in love with someone just isn't enough. You need to think about whether he would be a good parent and raise your children with similar beliefs.''' ,'''I like to work. The self-esteem and satisfaction that I get from working makes me a better person, which makes me a better mom.''' ,'''I think a lot of people secretly wish they were a rock star, and I'm no exception.''' ,'''Watching your husband become a father is really sexy and wonderful.''' ,'''You don't have to do the picture, you have to do the autograph, but it's important to take that moment to make a human connection.''' ,'''Nobody in my family ever thought that I'd a be a model.''' ,]
+++