+++
author = "Allyson Felix"
title = "Allyson Felix Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Allyson Felix Quotes"
keywords = "allyson felix,allyson felix quotes,allyson felix quote,allyson felix sayings,allyson felix saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Before a race, I block out what's going on in the stadium. It's different for everyone. But for me, I've always been able to block it out. For a sprint race, it's important not to get distracted.''' ,'''My dad's a pastor and a seminary professor; my mom, she has such great faith.''' ,'''My mom is great and I make sure that we pray together before every race. She helps me put everything in perspective and remind me of the real reason I run.''' ,'''I never let track define me. That's something that's really important to me.''' ,'''I am a big believer in visualization. I run through my races mentally so that I feel even more prepared.''' ,'''I majored in elementary education, and I have a passion for kids.''' ,'''The most important lesson that I have learned is to trust God in every circumstance. Lots of times we go through different trials and following God's plan seems like it doesn't make any sense at all. God is always in control and he will never leave us.''' ,'''I was a disruptive child.''' ,'''I love the relays. Track is such an individual sport, so it's fun to do something together.''' ,'''I don't have a sprinter's body.''' ,'''I always look back to my first Olympic medal in 2004 in Athens. I was very new to the sport, and it was my first big win at the Olympics.''' ,'''I grew up in a Christian home with amazing parents.''' ,'''The 200 meters is my baby. To me, it's the perfect distance. It's still a true sprint, but it unravels more. You get to enjoy the race a little bit more than the 100.''' ,'''I am a sprinter, and I love to go fast. It's very difficult for me to be patient and follow a race strategy or conserve energy.''' ,'''I'm really laid back but I still like to dress up sometimes.''' ,'''Philippians 1:21 is very special to me because it helps to keep my life centered.''' ,'''It was not until the end of my freshman year in high school that I thought I could really have a future in track and field. I definitely did not think I could make it to the Olympics back then, though; I was just focused on making it to the state finals!''' ,'''I spend around two and half hours on the track every day running and another 2 hours in the weight room lifting weights with my strength coach.''' ,'''I have learned that track doesn't define me. My faith defines me. I'm running because I have been blessed with a gift.''' ,'''I love a great pair of jeans and a nice blouse.''' ,'''I always want to give more than I gave yesterday.''' ,'''Being a role model is a privilege.''' ,'''Right now I'd say my favorite fashion designer is Zac Posen.''' ,'''I myself am frustrated in just where sports are at. It's a hard thing when you're out there working every day, and you know that someone else is cheating and they may not necessarily get caught.''' ,'''My speed is a gift from God, and I run for His glory. Whatever I do, it all comes from him.''' ,'''I feel old.''' ,'''I've got to make sure I'm keeping weight on.''' ,'''I spend around three hours on the track and two hours in the weight room, five or six days a week.''' ,'''I think that kids aren't even exploring the option of sports anymore, and they don't even know what they could do.''' ,'''You know, I love wearing heels. I wish I could wear them all the time, but, you know, my sport doesn't really permit it.''' ,'''Most people don't think about plyometrics when they think about powerful strength. But I do lots of them to build mine.''' ,'''My faith inspires me so much. It is the very reason that I run. I feel that my running is completely a gift from God and it is my responsibility to use it to glorify him.''' ,'''I'm just competitive. It doesn't matter what it is. I want to win.''' ,'''Try to think of working out and healthy eating as a lifestyle. Rather than go on a diet or try a crazy exercise routine, try making them something you do every day.''' ,'''The biggest way I stay motivated is to run with a group of friends. Sometimes it's hard to get going by yourself, but if you have a plan and a meeting time, you know this run will happen for sure. It's a way to have fun - while also getting in a workout. Plus it distracts from pain, helps you fight fatigue, and gives you that extra push.''' ,]
+++