+++
author = "Devon Werkheiser"
title = "Devon Werkheiser Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Devon Werkheiser Quotes"
keywords = "devon werkheiser,devon werkheiser quotes,devon werkheiser quote,devon werkheiser sayings,devon werkheiser saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wouldn't exactly call it 'cooking' but I can make noodles. That means I can boil water, put the pasta in and wait until it's done.''' ,'''I love spicy food, love it. But wasabi is just painful.''' ,'''I have parents come up to me and say, 'I don't know who you are, but my kid wants his picture taken with you.'''' ,'''Being a kid and growing up is such a cool part of life.''' ,'''Being a kid and growing up is such a cool part of life. When you're young, you have no worries, no drama, only your imagination. It's the best!''' ,'''When you're young you have no worries, no drama, only your imagination. It's the best!''' ,'''I grew up in the suburbs north of Atlanta. I had an amazing childhood, and I still go back to my home in Atlanta often.''' ,'''I have the biggest sweet tooth. After the holidays, I gotta start working out.''' ,'''I like a girl to look relaxed. Tight jeans and rock t-shirts are cute!''' ,'''I like to sit in my backyard. I go out on the hammock and sit in silence and kind of meditate. Nature is calming, and it's nice to go out there and clear my head.''' ,'''My favorite way of getting out of doing chores is by acting like I'm asleep. But it never works.''' ,'''I do believe in ghosts. Freaky things will happen, and I'm like, 'The wind didn't do that! Some spirit did'.''' ,'''I try to gauge whether a girl likes me before I make a move. I would write a page-long note to a girl. If she wrote a whole page back, I knew she liked me, too. If she wrote back like two words, then I figured I'd move on.''' ,'''Sometimes I wish the girl would make the first move.''' ,'''Acting will always be my first passion, it's what I live to do and I hope to be lucky enough to do it the rest of my life.''' ,]
+++