+++
author = "Meg Whitman"
title = "Meg Whitman Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Meg Whitman Quotes"
keywords = "meg whitman,meg whitman quotes,meg whitman quote,meg whitman sayings,meg whitman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We can put our head in the sand and continue to lose jobs overseas and to other states, or we can say, 'You know what? We are not going to lose another job from California, and we're going to be the very best place to start and grow a business.' So I'll be the chief sales officer for California businesses.''' ,'''I think maybe it is about time for a governor who has created jobs, who's managed a budget, who's led and inspired large organizations, who listens well, and who can drive an agenda.''' ,'''You can't stand for too many things. You can't use the bully pulpit for too many things. So, I promise you, every day, I am going to talk about jobs, spending, and education.''' ,'''When people use your brand name as a verb, that is remarkable.''' ,'''I have run large organizations, I know what it takes to create a healthy business climate, and I have more experience than Jerry Brown doing that. So it'll be a stark contrast, a career politician vs. someone who has met a payroll, gotten a return on investment, knows how to use technology to do more with less.''' ,'''I want to spend 100 percent of my time focused on what I think I can make the biggest difference on as the governor of California.''' ,'''Because what happens is, as the economy suffers, tax revenues go down. But unlike businesses, where at least your variable costs go down, in government your variable costs go up: unemployment insurance, workmen's compensation, health care benefits, welfare, you name it.''' ,'''You know, in a workplace, when you shrink the size of a workforce, there is pain there. But there is no question: we have a government that we can no longer afford. That is the cold, hard fact. So we have to make this more efficient. We have to sunset programs that no longer work. We have to eliminate waste and fraud. We must do this.''' ,'''I'm not a career politician. I spent 30 years in business. I can tell you that people in California have had it with career politicians: they are done.''' ,'''It is very clear that voice communications is moving on to the Internet. In the end, the price that anyone can provide for voice transmission on the Net will trend toward zero.''' ,'''Regulation is strangling businesses of all sizes in California, and we've got to streamline regulation so it's easy, not hard, to do business.''' ,'''We have always said that advertising is just the icing on the cake. It is not the cake.''' ,'''Look at growth, look at how much time people spend on the Net and look at the variety of things that they are doing. It's all really good, so I am actually encouraged by the fundamentals that underlie usage growth on the Net.''' ,'''What's sort of interesting about the whole public relations disaster that is the Net, in some ways, is that the fundamentals are really good.''' ,'''I answer that question by saying: 'Why Meg Whitman' which is: I'm not a career politician. I spent 30 years in business. I can tell you that people in California have had it with career politicians: they are done.''' ,'''My view is that, just as in many businesses, brands really matter. There will always be a role for destination sites. Eighty million users come to our destination. I think that will be the vast majority of our future business.''' ,'''I want to work with the teachers' union. But as I said out there, we have to put the kids first and we are letting down a generation of California children. It's not acceptable.''' ,'''You look at the tremendous success of Facebook. To my mind there is not a lot of commerce going on in these social networking sites. eBay is a community anchored in commerce. It is a commerce site that built a community around it. What has not been proven is if the reverse can happen and people will go to community sites to do commerce.''' ,'''Communications is at the heart of e-commerce and community.''' ,'''For me, the international expansion of eBay was the best idea. We are now in 35 countries, and have a huge global network. The second best one was the acquisition of PayPal - the wallet on eBay.''' ,'''I got to get the right people in the right job. Because a lot of costs can be taken out in the context of your administration without the legislature. For example, using technology to do more with less. Using technology to fight fraud. Reorganizing and streamlining can be done within the context of the administration.''' ,'''And I want to be able to - you know, make Republicans and Democrats famous for keeping jobs in California.''' ,'''You know, I think, people of all stripes in California, Republicans, Democrats, conservatives, liberals, frankly, as I have traveled the state, the number one issue is jobs. And they are looking for which candidate can get the economy back on track.''' ,'''Most of us can't even begin to imagine.''' ,'''You know, I like to think that I will subscribe very much to the core Republican principles of small government. Making a small number of rules and getting out of the way. Keeping taxes low. Creating an environment for small businesses to grow and thrive.''' ,'''Sometimes it's a little bit like being a politician. We have work to do in understanding our users' sentiments.''' ,'''One good thing about California is we have quite a broad-based economy. We provide more fruits and vegetables and produce to the United States than any other state. So we have actually the single largest agricultural sector in the country.''' ,'''Because if you don't have a great workforce, a great higher education system, you're not going to have the next eBay, the next AmGen, the next, you know, Miasole, and not only California but America is going to fall behind a whole new competitive context which is obviously China, India, and other countries.''' ,'''I think we can be the very best place to start a business, to grow a business, to invent a new technology, to change the world, to change the country. But we've got a lot of work to deliver a new California to the people of California.''' ,'''Well, California used to be in the dream-making business, and unfortunately what's happened I think we're now in the dream-breaking business.''' ,'''Guess what? The world changes. eBay has defined e-commerce.''' ,]
+++