+++
author = "Norman Lloyd"
title = "Norman Lloyd Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Norman Lloyd Quotes"
keywords = "norman lloyd,norman lloyd quotes,norman lloyd quote,norman lloyd sayings,norman lloyd saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's a conflict between what's in your mind and what's in your body.''' ,'''I was playing good tennis up until 100.''' ,'''Actors are, in a sense, like athletes. They've got to stretch once in a while.''' ,'''You must be active; you must be positive, even if things don't go the way you want them to.''' ,'''I was in my second year at NYU. I knew what I wanted to do, and I just walked out of college. So, from the age of 17, I've been able to do what I wanted, and that makes for a kind of contentment, a fairly pleasant demeanor.''' ,'''I loved 'Modern Family!' It was sort of the precursor to 'Trainwreck,' to that character. But I loved it. I had a great time doing it.''' ,'''I move slowly, and I used to move fast. I miss that.''' ,'''We in New York were very poor in the depths of the Depression - but I must say, that was the best time of my life.''' ,'''Everyone's looking for who's hot. What about looking for who's good?''' ,'''I loved working with Renoir on 'The Southerner.' Oh, I loved it! I particularly loved when he had a scene with a cow going through a garden, and he wanted a little dog to come and bark at it and chase it out.''' ,'''If I go to England, they know I'm not an Englishman, but most Americans think I'm English.''' ,'''If you're in the groove, you get something back from the audience that is so exciting and rewarding that no film or television work can possibly compete.''' ,'''I knew a lot of people who were beaten by the Depression, but there was still a feeling of positiveness among people: everyone thought it's got to get better. We were all trying to get the country back on its feet. There was a feeling that you could do anything, and this was certainly very true in the theater.''' ,'''My family were Conservative Jews. My parents were both born in this country, but my father grew up on the Lower East Side, and my mother was born and raised in Harlem when there was a large Jewish 'colony' there. Eventually, they moved to Jersey City to get away from New York.''' ,'''I imagine I was supposed to become a lawyer or something. But this was the Depression; the lawyers I saw were all driving cabs. So I thought, 'Well, if I'm going to be badly off anyway, I might as well be badly off in the theater, where you get used to it.'''' ,'''I watch the Dodgers every night - no reading anymore - and I dream that I could have hit that home run.''' ,'''As far as 'St. Elsewhere' goes, I just loved that show.''' ,'''The Depression was remarkable because you had nothing, and the salaries, when you got a job, were very small. But you could do anything. You see, a donut was ten cents. A cup of coffee was a nickel. That was lunch, with an apple. And I would be playing a lead on a Broadway show on that kind of diet.''' ,'''I was clearly brought into the whole thing about acting by my mother. She loved the theater. She had a very pleasant singing voice, which she used to sing for her ladies' club.''' ,'''I always felt it was necessary to keep up some kind of communication with other people.''' ,'''An actor can grow stale in a bad part. Actors grow stale, generally, because there's no demand on them.''' ,'''Renoir had a strong feeling about his fellow soldiers. He'd never disrespect them by putting the war down.''' ,'''I think Obama is going to go down as one of our greatest presidents because what this guy has done and has tried to do, and over the kind of opposition that I don't know if Lincoln had, except he had to go to war. This speaks so brilliantly of Obama and the way he conducts himself. I think he is already one of our greatest presidents.''' ,'''I used to watch Babe Ruth for 50 cents. Now, baseball tickets are $400!''' ,'''I eat meat, poultry and fish in proper proportion - nothing to excess.''' ,'''I think if you allow yourself to mope and feel sorry for yourself, it can take years off your life.''' ,'''The Jews are an artistic people. It's clear from the music, the actors, the writers. They are just artists. In the early part of the 20th century, when they first came over, they had no money, but they still went to theater. The theater and education were the two biggest things in their lives.''' ,'''The writing was vastly superior to almost anything that was on the air. It's one of the great shows. It was an important show... 'St. Elsewhere' was one of the great shows in the history of television.''' ,'''I'm a pure spirit, ha ha ha!''' ,'''Truly great performers reveal not only their characters but bring everything they know about the world with them. It's not just what's in the script but the story of everything you've done and of who you are. If you're Chaplin, you're the immigrant. No matter what he's doing, he's always the little guy trying to make his place in the world.''' ,'''When you're 26, you can do anything.''' ,'''Peter Weir is remarkable. He can do anything.''' ,'''When I think back on it, it's amazing what happens to us as we move out into the world.''' ,'''I very much admired Lancaster. George Clooney reminds me of him today. Not all the macho, swinging around that Burt used to do, but the courage. You know where you stand with men like that.''' ,'''You know I've never worked without a script before, but with Apatow, it's all improvisation. He calls out a premise, and you have to adapt.''' ,'''With Hitchcock, you work with a script, and you stick to it.''' ,'''Some of the movies I did - well, you have to feed your family.''' ,'''I'm very fond of Amy Schumer. I think she's terrific, an enormous talent.''' ,'''I have never had a better working experience than 'St. Elsewhere.' It's a supreme show.''' ,'''There were little Charlie Chaplins that you would wind up, and they would walk. I remember vividly. I was sitting in the high chair with the little tray in front of me. My parents would wind it up, and it would walk to me.''' ,'''I don't eat shellfish. I drink wine moderately and have one whiskey every evening before dinner.''' ,'''Connie Bennett, the guys used to stake her, she was so good.''' ,'''You were taught how to do the things you needed to do. Dance, speech, fencing. They groomed people. If you were in a film, and the script wasn't working for you, they brought in screenwriters and fixed the scripts.''' ,'''People get ideas of how to live or not to live from what you do on television.''' ,'''I'm very proud of the people with whom I've worked. It's an amazing collection that just by happenstance happened.''' ,'''Karl Malden! A dear, dear, dear friend. I loved Karl. He was great.''' ,]
+++