+++
author = "Ramzan Kadyrov"
title = "Ramzan Kadyrov Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Ramzan Kadyrov Quotes"
keywords = "ramzan kadyrov,ramzan kadyrov quotes,ramzan kadyrov quote,ramzan kadyrov sayings,ramzan kadyrov saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Being independent caused us nothing but trouble. I do not want Chechnya to be independent from Russia.''' ,'''Personality cults are an insult to Islam.''' ,'''I was always with the people.''' ,'''I was born and raised in war.''' ,'''Polygamy is needed to prevent a man from taking up a lover, which can cause health issues and rifts in the family and would lead him to live a lie, constantly deceiving his wife and children.''' ,'''We propose that UFC and Akhmat face off in a tournament... And we'll see who has the strongest fighters. I think it would be quite a spectacle.''' ,'''You have to ask the people about democracy. I know what my people want, and I cannot understand these people who violate peace.''' ,'''Russia gave us the mission to destroy terrorism and extinguish it in the North Caucasus, and results have already been achieved.''' ,'''Once there was a need for people like me to fight, to put things in order. Now we have order and prosperity.''' ,'''Who did I fight? I fought terrorists. Who did I protect? I protected the whole of Russia so that people in Moscow or St. Petersburg... could live in peace.''' ,'''I don't want to pose either with Obama or with Merkel.''' ,'''We have a very strong politician of global stature, Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin. There is no one like him on the world stage.''' ,'''Mohamed Salah is the best footballer in the world and an overall perfect person.''' ,'''I'm an excellent soldier and a good strategist. I love to fight.''' ,'''To die in battle would be my greatest joy.''' ,'''You cannot deny the fact that, in the United States, there are some really great guys with rich experience in overt and covert special operations in Latin America, Asia, and Africa.''' ,'''America is not really a strong enough state for us to regard it as an enemy of Russia.''' ,'''Paradise lies at the feet of the mother. So how can a Chechen, a Muslim, violate the rights of women?''' ,'''A woman is a housewife.''' ,'''If we are Russian citizens, treat us as Russian citizens. We want equality and justice.''' ,'''Akhmad is strength!''' ,'''I don't want to work for the government, the president's administration, the State Duma, or the Federation Council.''' ,'''I am a son of the Chechen people. I am no different from anyone else.''' ,'''Family honour is the most important thing.''' ,'''I've been fighting since I was 15. I know what war is.''' ,'''The Almighty is the judge.''' ,'''We have a strong government and are a nuclear state. Even if our government was completely destroyed, our nuclear missiles would be automatically deployed.''' ,'''Those who criticize Putin are not human: they are my personal enemies.''' ,'''My dream is that all Chechen women should wear headscarves.''' ,'''I am a son of my nation. It does not matter whether I am prime minister, a soldier, or a policeman. The main thing is to be useful to the people, that I can look into people's eyes, and that people see that there are real benefits from my activities.''' ,'''I love my mother, my wife, my sisters very much. I honour and respect them. Women are the keepers of the family.''' ,'''I say that a university is a house of knowledge, not for showing off Dolce & Gabbana bags. Students should go to university in uniform.''' ,'''America is carrying out policies against Russia and its leadership. They know I'm among those ready to give my life for Russia and that I have a good army capable of attacking and defending. We'll see who comes out on top.''' ,'''As long as Putin backs me up, I can do everything - Allahu akbar!''' ,'''I want to show the world that we have the best fighters. Our motto is, 'Death is better than second place.'''' ,'''We used tough methods to show what's wrong and what's right. Against those who didn't understand, we led a tough and even cruel struggle.''' ,'''To get to heaven, you have to work very hard. I want to go to heaven, so I will try to pray more.''' ,'''If people in Russia do not take the path of traditional, pure Sufi Islam, Russia will lose out. All the other denominations, like Wahhabism, are new inventions for our country - we have never had it, and we will never accept it.''' ,'''He's my idol. Putin is a beauty.''' ,'''If, for people, Instagram is just entertainment, for me, it's an additional burden.''' ,]
+++