+++
author = "J.I.D"
title = "J.I.D Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 J.I.D Quotes"
keywords = "j.i.d,j.i.d quotes,j.i.d quote,j.i.d sayings,j.i.d saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Change is definitely every day. It's an ever-changing world. Everything changes, so I really don't know. I just hope I become a better person, a better man.''' ,'''I ain't going at nobody else pace.''' ,'''Momma's girls are different. They are intense.''' ,'''I feel like hip-hop inspires everything.''' ,'''I got the name from my grandma because when I was a baby, she used to call me jittery. I used to move around real fast.''' ,'''Initially, I wanted to be a writer for other people. 'Hereditary,' I was writing it from a woman's perspective.''' ,'''I'm reclusive when it comes to me giving art away because I get real sensitive about that and critiques.''' ,'''I'm never comfortable.''' ,'''My writing process is consecutive, like, 'mad scientist' crazy. It's not totally writing something that rhymes or even writing a rap necessarily. Sometimes it's just writing down stuff that I'm going through.''' ,'''I didn't even expect myself to do music.''' ,'''How I did the first 'DiCaprio,' it was mine. I was pulling from everywhere. I was getting stuff from movies. I was getting stuff from interviews. Everywhere. And it was fine, because it was just put out for free on SoundCloud.''' ,'''From the outside-in, Atlanta is kind of perceived as like popcorn. People don't respect it as having artists such as myself and EarthGang and other lyrical talents and album-worthy artists.''' ,'''I want to be remembered. I want to have a legacy. Van Gogh only sold one painting before he died, which would mean that he wasn't famous when he was alive. But in 2017, I know who Van Gogh is.''' ,'''It never really mattered to me trying to get somewhere fast because if you get somewhere fast, you probably won't stay there too long.''' ,'''I'm tryna be the biggest artist I could be.''' ,'''Nobody on Earth does a project by himself. So you have to make sure your team is intact.''' ,'''I've always been able to write. I've always been able to put a good essay in or say whatever I wanted to say through the pen. That was a gift of mine. I feel like it was what I was meant to do.''' ,'''I am always able to find that solitude. I am always able to find that peace. Which is tight. That is what has helped me keep going.''' ,'''I've always been talented, always been able to sing or remember a song after hearing it one time.''' ,''''Lauder' is a favorite because the name of the song is a friend of mine who passed away.''' ,'''For me to be creative, I have to have peace.''' ,'''I ran track and played football... I was an all-American.''' ,'''I always loved hip-hop, being a black little kid. I always used to freestyle on the bus when I was young. It was always a part of my life.''' ,''''As' by Stevie Wonder - it's the greatest song ever written, bro.''' ,'''I don't try to make one thing. I really try to experiment, even if its just the vocals or the beat. I can't really describe my sound.''' ,'''Only person who took me serious was my mom and my sister Rachael.''' ,'''My family big as hell, man.''' ,'''New York hip-hop inspired me a lot.''' ,'''I got kicked out of school because I was wilding.''' ,'''My folks kicked me out of the crib, so I was homeless, living out the whip.''' ,'''I started writing music around 20 years old.''' ,'''I try to read as much as I can.''' ,'''I do order from UberEats.''' ,'''Just to be, overall, I want to be one of the greats: overall, someone that leaves a good mark, someone everybody always remember.''' ,'''I don't care about being famous.''' ,'''Rap is very competitive. I just think I'm light years better than anybody.''' ,'''I feel like the world is getting dumber. I don't necessarily think people are stupid, but I think we're getting dumber.''' ,'''My family was always musically inclined.''' ,'''I grew up pretty fast because I had a lot of older brothers and sisters.''' ,'''I try to be, like, hella sensitive to my surroundings.''' ,'''I always try to get to the point where I can do different things with my voice.''' ,'''I'm from the same area as Gucci Mane. I stayed off Bouldercrest road. I stayed off Glenwood.''' ,]
+++