+++
author = "Robert Green"
title = "Robert Green Quotes"
quotes_len = "66"
description = "the best 66 Robert Green Quotes"
keywords = "robert green,robert green quotes,robert green quote,robert green sayings,robert green saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you play without the shackles and burdens, then you play like you did when you were a kid.''' ,'''No matter what the figures are in the workplace in terms of wages, you either feel a valued member of your staff, or you don't.''' ,'''Eventually, I'd like to have some sort of role like a chief executive in a football club.''' ,'''You look at the guys playing in the Premier League, and they've got such quality.''' ,'''I want to play every game.''' ,'''People make mistakes in life and in football all the time.''' ,'''I didn't go into football to earn money. It was because I liked playing football.''' ,'''Kevin Hitchcock, the goalkeeping coach at QPR, is an old mate, and I came to work for him on the understanding that I was first choice. If he'd said to me, 'We're also going to sign someone who's won Serie A five times and the Champions League and is one of the biggest names in South American football,' I would have thought twice before signing.''' ,'''A goalkeeping unit is different from outfield; the psychology is different.''' ,'''Football's not particularly crazy. Once you are in it, you're in the eye of the storm, and it's quite nice.''' ,'''Thank you to all of the managers, coaches, and staff I've worked with and thank you to all of the team-mates that I've shared a dressing room with over the years.''' ,'''As a goalkeeper, you feel like if you're treated like adults and have your position explained to you, you respect that. You might not agree with it, but you get on with it.''' ,'''This is the difficulty with not picking up points away from home: the home games become that much more critical.''' ,'''It's not that I don't take the job seriously. I'll do everything I can, humanly possible, to make myself better, but at the end of the day, if I don't relax and walk away from it knowing that I've done my stuff, then there's not much point.''' ,'''You go through mental preparation the night before the game and prepare for moments of trauma in a game when it happens.''' ,'''I'm proud playing for the country, and I want to represent them as much as I can.''' ,'''The closest you are going to get to playing international football is the Champions League.''' ,'''That's football. It's like in any walk of life: you get some people who are going to try more than others.''' ,'''I've been in the Championship before, and it didn't kill me.''' ,'''I've been in teams that have struggled and been relegated.''' ,'''Thank you to all of the fans and everybody connected with Norwich City, West Ham United, Queens Park Rangers, Leeds United, Huddersfield Town, and Chelsea.''' ,'''If you fail doing one thing, then learn the lesson and move on and find something else.''' ,'''I want to walk away from football when I retire and say, 'I gave that everything,' and then I will do something else and give that everything, because that's me. That's the way I am, and I will do that.''' ,'''In international football, chances don't come along very often.''' ,'''You want to be paid. It is your job. It is like anyone else turning up at an office.''' ,'''I can confidently say that if there is any criticism levelled at me, then I have done that already. It's what happens when you try to be honest and hard-working.''' ,'''If you read every newspaper or listened to every radio station and behaved as if your life depended on that, then you would be in an emotional turmoil. Essentially, you have to stay true to yourself. That is enough.''' ,'''When I first started playing at Norwich, West Brom were in the Championship, got promoted, got relegated, got promoted, got relegated, and all the time, they were building until they eventually stayed up.''' ,'''The Premiership is where you want to be; everyone does. Otherwise, you question people's ambition.''' ,'''I came to QPR looking for a new challenge after six years at West Ham, a wonderful time capped off by promotion at Wembley.''' ,'''I've got injured in one World Cup, been to a Euros and another World Cup, so I've been there, seen it, and had a taste of it.''' ,'''If you go to Spain and ask, 'Who has the best goalkeepers?' they will say, 'The Spanish.' If you go to Germany, they will say German goalkeepers, and Italy the same. You go to England and they say, 'God knows!'''' ,'''It is not something I ever envisaged doing when I set out - thinking, 'Oh yeah, I'd love to be a third-choice keeper' - but your situation changes as your career goes on.''' ,'''Loftus Road is a great place to play football. The fans get behind you, and it's a great atmosphere.''' ,'''I don't know; the gravity of playing football - you can't lose the comparison of other stuff. If you do, and football is the only thing, it becomes too serious.''' ,'''I've had the joy of representing some fantastic clubs, all of whom have helped to shape me in their own varying way.''' ,'''A special thank you must go to my mum and dad and entire family for your unwavering support. It means so much for them to have followed and watched nearly all my games, sharing my highs and lows.''' ,'''When the assessment of goalkeepers is made by people who have never actually stood there in a game and experienced it, then it's hard to take it without a large pinch of salt.''' ,'''For over a decade, I had played every week, so to then have a season when you are not - that physical and mental high when you build up to a game and come down afterwards - was missing. It takes a while to adjust and is quite confusing.''' ,'''I go along, play football, work as hard as I can, play as hard as I can, and then go home and spend time with my wife and kids.''' ,'''It's about being steady and taking the rough with the smooth, but that's life as a goalkeeper.''' ,'''Representing my country will always be one of my proudest achievements, and I feel honoured to have played for England.''' ,'''You take records with a pinch of salt. Take Usain Bolt: someone will be quicker than him one day. These things aren't important.''' ,'''There is no coincidence that stability brings success, and success brings stability.''' ,'''Only knowing two hours before the game that you are playing is not a problem. You prepare as though you're playing. If you don't, that's the mistake.''' ,'''Not playing is frustrating; you want to play in every game. But it's the life of a keeper. You'd rather be on the pitch than off.''' ,'''I hope to remain connected with the game that's given me so much in some capacity, whatever that proves to be.''' ,'''I can see what goes on defensively in a game, but 80 or 90 yards away, you can have no idea about the attack or how someone scored. I guess it's once a goalkeeper, always a goalkeeper.''' ,'''People make mistakes in life, and you get on with it.''' ,'''I have been around football a long time and know a lot about it, so if I have an opinion and don't voice it, then it is a bit of a waste.''' ,'''I'm the same as anyone else. If you are as good at a job as someone else, but they get three or four times more, you get a bit frustrated.''' ,'''If you didn't relax away from your work, you'd tear your hair out in the middle of the night worrying about the next game when it's only a Monday and you're not playing until Saturday.''' ,'''I've seen 18 managers go at the clubs I've been playing for. It's a part of football, isn't it?''' ,'''It is football. I'm not a politician.''' ,'''Tell me why is it easier if you know the number one? You prepare as though you are number one anyway.''' ,'''Once I came out of the First Division with Norwich, it was great.''' ,'''Having worked with some of the characters in football and having to be nice to them - and knowing your job depends on you having to be nice to them - just doesn't appeal to me.''' ,'''I've played with, and against, some of the best players in the world and have experienced so much that professional football has to offer.''' ,'''If you walked into my house, there wouldn't be one thing to do with football in there.''' ,'''There's no longevity in managing - and not much sense, either.''' ,'''I was a professional at Norwich for 10 years and associated with the club for nearly 15.''' ,'''I wouldn't call going into the Premier League an ordeal. I would say the Championship is more of an ordeal than the Premier League.''' ,'''Playing lovely football and making wonderful saves is not a challenge.''' ,'''I've loved every moment and feel privileged to have enjoyed the career I have.''' ,'''You see people with a room full of their career achievements. Brilliant. Well done. That's just not something I do. They're in a bin bag in my mum and dad's loft.''' ,'''With goalkeepers, when a team looks for a keeper, it looks for someone with experience.''' ,]
+++