+++
author = "Romelu Lukaku"
title = "Romelu Lukaku Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Romelu Lukaku Quotes"
keywords = "romelu lukaku,romelu lukaku quotes,romelu lukaku quote,romelu lukaku sayings,romelu lukaku saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'll never say it's good enough. It's a pressure I put on myself.''' ,'''Every player wants to play at the highest level.''' ,'''A move to MLS - you never know. New York or Los Angeles, you never know.''' ,'''When you play for United, you have to perform every week.''' ,'''I started playing when I was 16. Year in, year out, people expect 20 goals from me.''' ,'''The reason I score more and more goals, season after season, is I know my mistakes from the past, I know my strengths, and I work on my strengths, but the little points I want to get better, and it's constant.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I just want to work hard for the team, and if I improve, I'm really satisfied.''' ,'''People used to talk to me about that and say, 'Rom doesn't play with passion.' I do, but I don't show it too much because in my mind, I'm a guy that thinks a lot about how to win the game. Sometimes I let the emotions just come now, and it helps me.''' ,'''Hard work eliminates fear. That's how I think.''' ,'''I am going to work hard in training and give it my all.''' ,'''I've been working to be a pro since I was 11 years old.''' ,'''I have to make sure I stay focused and have the same ambition I've always had and work hard - that's the key to success.''' ,'''Everton as a football club has a great history.''' ,'''I play with Sacha Kljestan, and I talk a lot with him about playing in MLS.''' ,'''I give my best every day in training and in games; this is the only way that I know how to play football.''' ,'''People want to see you on the pitch. That was why I left Chelsea. I didn't want to hear people saying, 'Hey, he's doing well in training, blah blah blah... ' The game is what counts.''' ,'''You have to be ambitious in life.''' ,'''Sometimes footballers, we get soft a little bit.''' ,'''I want to help my team-mates as much as possible.''' ,'''I want my team to be the best. I want my team to be the most attractive to play in the league.''' ,'''When I was 11 years old, I was playing for the Lierse youth team, and one of the parents from the other team literally tried to stop me from going on the pitch. He was like, 'How old is this kid? Where is his ID? Where is he from?'''' ,'''No matter where you play, you want to be remembered.''' ,'''I don't touch anything I don't deserve.''' ,'''Football is all about having fun - but playing to win at the same time. When you find the right balance, there's so much more to enjoy.''' ,'''I love English, Spanish, and German football.''' ,'''I'm not a selfish guy.''' ,'''That's the state of mind I have - I always want to be better.''' ,'''My father was my hero when I was still a boy.''' ,'''When younger, I was tall but very skinny. When I was 14, I grew and started gaining muscles. So I started doing sit-ups, abs work, press-ups, strengthening my core. I'd do 100-150 reps each day. I knew if my core was strong enough, I would get fewer muscle injuries.''' ,'''I'm very fast, I'm very strong, and I work a lot.''' ,'''I live day by day.''' ,'''For me, family has always been more important than football. The most important thing for me is that my parents and my brother are fine. That is the first thing on my mind when I wake up every day.''' ,'''I know I have a lot of talent.''' ,'''Ever since I was six or seven, I wanted to be a professional footballer.''' ,'''I feel a lot of people working in the media don't know how much of a student of the game I am. They don't know that if we play on a Saturday, the first thing I do when I get home is watch the other games, watch the other leagues.''' ,'''I can do a lot of stuff, score goals with my left, right, and head.''' ,'''For me, football is not about money - I want to win prizes.''' ,'''You have to be patient in the Premier League.''' ,'''If you weren't with me when I had nothing, then you can't really understand me.''' ,'''At the end of my career, you never know what might happen. I think that a move to MLS... maybe.''' ,'''I want to prove to other people that I have something in my mind and intellectual qualities, not just the ability to play football.''' ,'''When Manchester United and Jose Mourinho come knocking at the door, it is an opportunity of a lifetime and one that I could not turn down.''' ,'''I always said to my friends that I would play for Chelsea one day.''' ,'''I sit next to Drogba in the dressing room. I listen all the time because he gives advice.''' ,'''It's about winning games and scoring as many goals as possible.''' ,'''Every striker has to have that edge. When they are not scoring, or when the team is losing, they explode.''' ,'''I ensure I am focused throughout the game, whether that is making a chance for myself or receiving the ball from a teammate to score.''' ,'''When you do well for a team like Everton, it's easier to go into a top team and establish yourself.''' ,'''At Manchester United, we play to win. That's my first mentality when I get onto the pitch. Then everything else comes with it.''' ,'''Chelsea and Arsenal tried to sign me when I was 13, 14.''' ,'''If you can't play under pressure, you shouldn't be at a World Cup.''' ,'''I started playing at six. I was at a school always playing football with my friends. But I was always bored at home. I asked my father if he could start me in a football team. He took me to a team called Rupel Boom, who were playing in the fourth division in Belgium, and I stayed there for four years.''' ,'''The first thing I do on a Sunday is five hours in front of the TV watching football, football, football. I watch my games back and pick out what didn't go right and try to make sure it goes well next time.''' ,'''As long as I win and lead my team to winning, that's when I will be really satisfied.''' ,'''I work hard and do everything to make sure I am in the starting line-up.''' ,'''I don't dive. I'm not a player who dives.''' ,'''Personally, I don't let my head go down; I just keep working hard.''' ,'''I used to run to school with my brother Jordan. It was two or three miles there and back. We'd do it every day. My parents didn't have the money to buy us bikes. It was nice; we enjoyed it.''' ,'''I just want to be good, help my team-mates win the games, and score a lot of goals.''' ,'''If you don't have ambition to be one of the best, someone will always come and take your place.''' ,'''There is no denying that the English league is perfect for me, but there are nice clubs elsewhere, too.''' ,'''Obviously, the World Cup is nice and the Euros is really nice as well, but I have always dreamed of the Champions League.''' ,'''I was always a striker ever since I was a little boy. I always wanted to put the ball in the net and have the feeling of scoring a goal.''' ,'''Every player wants to play in the Champions League.''' ,'''I wanted to be the best footballer in Belgian history. That was my goal. Not good. Not great. The best.''' ,'''I don't like to look at what other players are doing.''' ,'''As a young kid, you dream of playing in every big team.''' ,'''I try to remain calm and treat my club with respect.''' ,'''My father has always been a big influence in my life.''' ,'''If I don't score, I try to give an assist; if I do score, I try to give an assist and score another.''' ,'''As a football player, I don't play for the individual.''' ,'''I always said I wanted to play for a team that's challenging for every trophy that there is there.''' ,'''I looked up to Cristiano Ronaldo, and then it was always Didier Drogba.''' ,'''People in football love to talk about mental strength. Well, I'm the strongest dude you're ever going to meet.''' ,'''I'm used to playing under pressure. In the Premier League, there are big players and big teams - we are used to it.''' ,'''When you're not happy, you don't need to fake your emotions.''' ,'''I'm a goal scorer, so I'm here to score goals, but at the end of the day, I want to help my team-mates reach something, so we are working hard.''' ,'''In football, anything can happen. You can have an injury, and then you won't play at the highest level anymore. If you don't have a diploma, what then?''' ,'''I never lift weights.''' ,'''I would rather have a career where I improve year after year than go to the top and then decline. There are a lot of strikers that reached the top before 25, but after 25, they went down.''' ,'''Football is what, 15 years? I want to invest 100% of my life into the game, so when it's all said and done, I don't want to have regrets.''' ,'''I think I've proven that I've improved every part of my game.''' ,'''He was the main guy at Manchester United, and he's a guy I really look up to and who I learn from a lot because we share the same agent. Here and there, he sends a bit of advice to me, and it helps me improve. But I'm Romelu Lukaku - I'm not Zlatan Ibrahimovic.''' ,'''I just want to become the best player I can be.''' ,'''I just want to improve and show the people what I can do on the pitch.''' ,'''If you want to be one of the best, you have to look at the best.''' ,'''I've always had a goal to win as many trophies as I can and to play for a club like Manchester United.''' ,'''When we were kids, we couldn't even afford to watch Thierry Henry on Match of the Day.''' ,'''My physique? It is a gift from God.''' ,'''What I would like most is to play in the Champions League and try to win the Premier League once. Or better - a few times.''' ,'''You cannot only be remembered by scoring goals; you want to be remembered by winning trophies.''' ,'''When you see your father playing in the first division, and you see players like Ronaldo with the crowd singing their names, you want that.''' ,'''I have always been scoring goals, and now the quality of goals I am scoring is better.''' ,'''I'm Romelu Lukaku. I want to create my own history.''' ,'''The billions watching and following the Premier League don't tune in to see you in training. They want to know what you can do in a match.''' ,'''As a youngster, you normally have to play. How will you be one of the best not playing?''' ,'''When you score, you are a hero.''' ,'''Drogba is more of a hold-up player, a target man. I prefer to have ball to feet and run in behind.''' ,'''I want to make sure when my team is having difficulties, they can count on me.''' ,'''Chelsea is my favourite team. I have always said it, and I have never hidden it.''' ,]
+++