+++
author = "Judy Davis"
title = "Judy Davis Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Judy Davis Quotes"
keywords = "judy davis,judy davis quotes,judy davis quote,judy davis sayings,judy davis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've never worked for the sake of working. There's probably enough crap out there for me not to add to it.''' ,'''This might be the first generation where kids are dying at a younger age than their parents and it's related primarily to the obesity problem.''' ,'''Judy Garland's father was gay. That seems to be the consensus. They left Minnesota and went to California because he got caught with some boy backstage.''' ,'''Judy Garland was just so delicious in every way and just so honest and generous.''' ,'''Most women seem to be required to pit themselves against men in dramatic situations, and the men got to pit themselves against ideas or God.''' ,'''This is government. There is no entertainment.''' ,'''It's not a country of articulate people, sophisticated people. There's too little subtlety. Men and women don't enjoy each other very much in Australia. I don't find very many men sexy in Australia. Of course, I'm married and out of it, but still.''' ,'''Anybody who knows me knows my vote can't be bought.''' ,'''My Brilliant Career was beautifully directed, but I had a bit of trouble with myself in it. It was a silly script, based on a book this 16-year-old girl wrote.''' ,'''When I first started acting, and we would all sit down and talk about Shakespeare and how great it was. I thought well, I suppose it is.''' ,'''A lot of really good directors have a killer in them, as if they'd do anything to get that image. But that comes with the terrain and I don't mind it.''' ,'''I was 23, and that was my first professional job. Anybody who has curly hair knows you don't want it to be brushed out because it becomes a never-ending tangle.''' ,'''Lorna was quite young when her mother died, and I think she's blocked out some of the memories. I talked to her a little bit about that, but I wasn't prepared to go around and poke and hurt her.''' ,'''I think male roles are generally much better written. So for actresses, we're always dealing with trying to inject a role with more truth than the writer possibly had in mind.''' ,]
+++