+++
author = "Rachel Boston"
title = "Rachel Boston Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Rachel Boston Quotes"
keywords = "rachel boston,rachel boston quotes,rachel boston quote,rachel boston sayings,rachel boston saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Working on script development, casting, editing, and music is incredibly inspiring to me, and it's wonderful to see something you love come to life.''' ,'''In Los Angeles, I drive a hybrid and live in a very simple home. Anything you do from carrying a canteen of water to starting a recycling program in your office makes a difference. Reusing what you already have has always been green - from clothes to boxes to glass jars from the supermarket.''' ,'''I kept listening to albums where I'd hear this very joyful sound - and it was always the glockenspiel. Then I ordered one online, and I figured out how to play it.''' ,'''I spend a lot of time in prayer. God doesn't always show up on my time, but he always shows up!''' ,'''I told my parents I wanted to move to New York City and be an actress when I was around seven or eight.''' ,'''I go on walks during lunch breaks and travel with a fold-up yoga mat. I also love reading by candlelight at night.''' ,'''I really enjoy working in television and the evolution of a character over time.''' ,'''I love 'O Holy Night.' On Christmas Eve, there's a service at the church where I grew up, and at midnight, we would always sing, 'O Holy Night' with candles.''' ,'''I grew up hiking and horseback riding in Tennessee, so I love being outside. I will joyfully run 12 miles, but I'm not very good at boot camps. When they start yelling, I start laughing.''' ,'''I play guitar, the ukulele and the piano. I grew up on a mountain in Tennessee, and we had 'The Mountain Opry,' where anyone could just get up on stage to perform. It was just about the soul and heart of music. My upbringing was less about being great and more about just doing what you love. It was always for joy.''' ,'''If you have feelings for someone, be honest with yourself and the person you care about, but trust that there is someone out there who will love you for who you are and will stay by your side.''' ,'''My 93-year-old grandma is a beautiful example of healthy living. She laughs a lot and always says, 'Just be yourself!' She also eats dessert every single day.''' ,'''Moving to New York City by myself at 17 was certainly my bravest moment. I bought a one-way ticket and stayed with a friend of a friend and figured it out along the way.''' ,'''I grew up in a house my parents built together on a mountain in Tennessee. When we moved in, the walls were still going up, we didn't have hot water, and we turned it into an amazing adventure.''' ,'''I love the simplicity and freedom of running. A pair of shoes, and you are all set to explore new trails.''' ,'''Being surrounded by love and people that care about your heart is the dream. That's what I would like on my last day.''' ,'''I grew up on a mountain in Tennessee, and my brothers and I love to go to The Mountain Opry when we are home. There is alway an abundance of laughter and joy, and anyone can get up on stage and dance and sing. My family also goes to a candlelight service at church on Christmas Eve. It's such a wonderful way to spend the night before Christmas.''' ,'''I hope to be working and eating dessert at 93 just like my grandma.''' ,'''I grew up drinking eggnog and watching 'It's A Wonderful Life' every Christmas with my family.''' ,'''When I'm traveling, I always look for a dance studio. It's a great workout and a wonderful way to meet new friends in the community.''' ,'''Growing up on a mountain in Tennessee, I spent most of my childhood outside.''' ,'''I love Christmas movies.''' ,'''I moved from a mountain with one traffic light to New York City when I was 17, and it was an amazing, eye opening, creative adventure. I would walk through the streets of Manhattan looking up at these huge buildings, amazed that I didn't know a single person in any of them.''' ,'''As I kid, I read the 'Little House on the Prairie' series and was sad when I got to the last book.''' ,'''In film and theater, you know the story and the journey from beginning to end, but with TV, you can keep peeling away layers and exploring a new world each week.''' ,'''I don't think our destiny is tied to anyone who walks away from our lives.''' ,'''I put up my Christmas tree entirely too early. I'm one of those people.''' ,'''Keep looking up! I learn from the past, dream about the future and look up. There's nothing like a beautiful sunset to end a healthy day.''' ,'''My dad is an engineer and works on green energy, so I'm very aware of what it takes to keep a modern home running and how we can simplify.''' ,'''I think, now that my brothers and I live so far apart, the greatest gift is when we can be together - when everyone can be in the same room at the same time.''' ,]
+++