+++
author = "Jisoo"
title = "Jisoo Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Jisoo Quotes"
keywords = "jisoo,jisoo quotes,jisoo quote,jisoo sayings,jisoo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We are grateful, as artists, as individuals, that people have such big expectations of us, and we are ready to take on the burden that comes with the expectations.''' ,'''I just want to say, don't be afraid, believe in yourself, whatever comes your way you have to experience it to really know what that is. So if you have too much fear inside you may let go of certain opportunities or chances, so trust in yourself and stick with it.''' ,'''I think there are hardships with anything you do. And for us, we have our fans, who give us so much love and support. So, that helps us push forth with whatever we are doing, and it will continue to do that in the future.''' ,'''When we are in our dorms, we watch romance movies and dramas. When a romantic scene comes on, we hold on to each other and scream.''' ,'''I used to want to be a writer or a painter, although I couldn't paint very well.''' ,'''When I was young I didn't really go out a lot, and only stuck to my neighborhood, so I got to know the places in Seoul thanks to Lisa.''' ,'''I joined the drama club when I was in 11th grade.''' ,'''We hope that our music does not stop at giving joy to the listeners but also change their lives positively.''' ,'''While we had worked for our dream before debuting, we now have people who support us.''' ,'''We're moved by our fans. We feel their sadness and happiness. We're deeply connected.''' ,'''We were not trained to sing in YG style and we only received training to sing well.''' ,'''I didn't know much at all about YG before I arrived there the first day. It felt like something far removed from me. I never thought I'd actually be doing it for real.''' ,'''When I look back at the time that's passed, it makes me think that I'm actually quite a strong person.''' ,'''There are so many things to learn from Lady Gaga.''' ,'''We realize our messages are influential.''' ,'''We're always honored and excited to collaborate with other artists.''' ,'''Whenever we go to different places fans in each country prepare something before we go on stage for our encore.''' ,'''When people mention our solo projects, people start guessing: What will Rose do? What will Lisa do? I enjoy watching fans speculate.''' ,'''Even when I was going through difficult times, I never really thought about relying on others.''' ,'''I, myself, have tried following people around me, and I've got lost and ended up feeling emptiness rather than a sense of accomplishment. I'd like everyone to find their own role models within themselves.''' ,'''We started our training when we were very young.''' ,'''We always try to sing what we feel, and it would be best if we can become artists who can deliver the feeling through our songs.''' ,'''We just hope to reach out to our fans and give them more hope through our music and content.''' ,'''You don't have to understand Korean to understand the music, the visuals, the vibe.''' ,'''BLACKPINK will be okay pushing forward with the things we've been seeking.''' ,'''I was surprised to see the kind of synergy we made with Lady Gaga and our colors.''' ,'''Touring around the world, I think there's no single country where we haven't eaten chili crab.''' ,'''How You Like That' has Blackpink's own color and it's more powerful than the previous songs. We tried to put in pop, rock and hip-hop aspects in it. Orchestral sound in the beginning is very impressive.''' ,'''Whenever I see good reviews or positive reactions, I feel more certain that Blackpink will be okay pushing forward with the things we've been seeking.''' ,'''Lisa entered YG four months before me, so she actually knew Seoul better than I did.''' ,'''I think music has become an extended form of art, and therefore we want to continue to challenge ourselves and keep transforming.''' ,'''I'm living a very different life than the one I thought I'd be living.''' ,'''I want to tell young girls to try thinking of their future selves as their role models.''' ,'''In the long term, we want to become a band that everybody remembers.''' ,]
+++