+++
author = "Luke Harper"
title = "Luke Harper Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Luke Harper Quotes"
keywords = "luke harper,luke harper quotes,luke harper quote,luke harper sayings,luke harper saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In my opinion, WWE, to me, is the top of the food chain. So I'm concerned with being at the top of that food chain, which is the top, top of the food chain.''' ,'''I've tried to make it a thing where they, somebody in WWE, needs me or wants me there. And if I do my job well, it becomes a thing, and I just try to make it a reality, I guess. And I'm just trying not to get released.''' ,'''I always look at stuff like 'Mohawk' this way: I don't know if I'll do it again, so I try to really enjoy what I'm doing at that time. So that's what I did on 'Mohawk,' and I don't know if I'll do anything like it again - but I would love to.''' ,'''Obviously, I'm not a Neanderthal. I do do laundry. I am a human being.''' ,'''I love 'Mallrats.'''' ,'''I went to high school every single day in an all-male Jesuit school at McQuaid with short hair, no beard, suit jacket, tie.''' ,'''I'm glad I didn't get to WWE until I did because I was more complete at 32 than I was at 25. It all happens for a reason.''' ,'''I love all Kevin Smith movies.''' ,'''I am dying to be a world champion, a single's world champion.''' ,'''There's a different kind of attitude when you come from Western New York. You work for everything you get, and nothing's really handed to you... You realize good work turns to good things, and that's the edge I always came up with.''' ,'''In my singles run, I would have to say my ladder match with Dolph Ziggler in Cleveland for the Intercontinental Title was probably a career highlight for me. If throwing that pretty boy through a ladder isn't fun, I don't know what is.''' ,'''I don't know if that's going to disappoint anybody out there, but I was - I have a very rigorous warmup where I get a good sweat going before a match to prepare for battle. That is what people see; that is what people mistake for dirtiness.''' ,'''Acting is a big ambition, but I still have a professional wrestling world to conquer.''' ,'''Pro wrestling is so physical and taxing and just hurts your body; it's very aggressive entertainment.''' ,'''Early, I wanted to fight against things: 'Oh, I feel like a background dancer here in the back of the Wyatts.' Man, looking back now, I wish we could still be doing that. I'm on TV every week, plenty of TV. You've got to look at some of the positives of the situation.''' ,'''I love 'SmackDown.'''' ,'''Professional wrestling is a beautiful yet cruel mistress. She will treat you well and treat you horribly, but outside of my family, it is my one true love.''' ,'''I believe that I will be the WWE World Champion one day. I know that a lot of people say that; it's easy to say. If I were to go away without accomplishing that task, I would feel unfulfilled, to be completely honest.''' ,'''If you're a fan of Indie wrestling at all, you can go back to, I think, 2007-2008, and you can see me wrestle CHIKARA. And you can see me wrestle in a tank top, and you can see me wrestle in a tank top that doesn't look like the one I have in WWE. But it's the same one.''' ,'''I adore Twitter to the end of time. It is a wonderful thing, mainly for professional hockey coverage.''' ,'''I did 'Damnation' on USA, and hopefully I keep picking up smaller roles and learn the craft.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I want to be a world champion.''' ,'''The Bludgeon Brothers are the Bludgeon Brothers. We don't care if people think we look like Kane. We are impactful and get the job done.''' ,'''I was a librarian in a city school.''' ,'''There were times in my career when I felt like I was serving several different masters, and for me, that wasn't beneficial.''' ,'''The Wyatt Family was a very special thing. The 3 of us came together at a perfect time. It was a perfect storm, and that rivalry with The Shield in 2014-2015 was a magical time.''' ,'''I sleep good because I have a great family and stuff like that, a great life, but career-wise, I have some things I need to accomplish.''' ,'''If Okada, if a Tanahashi, Michael Elgin, The Young Bucks, if they want to have a ,the place they can find me is the WWE. I'm going to be busy making my way to the top of that food chain.''' ,'''The first run or match with The Shield always stands out to me - our matches, our wars.''' ,'''I've had people say to me, 'How dare you have a Twitter,' you know, with my gimmick, I guess, and I just say, 'It's 2017.' It'd be hard to find someone in America who doesn't have a phone that has Twitter capabilities. So as a WWE Superstar, I think it's OK that I have a Twitter, people.''' ,'''When we first started, me and Rowan hated each other. I don't know what it was. We just didn't get along. We were forced to room together.''' ,'''I want to be Intercontinental Champion. I also want to be a tag-team champion.''' ,'''Basically, Twitter can be your best friend or your worst enemy, and I try to make it my best friend and take it for what it is.''' ,'''I have three tank tops which I wrung terribly, fixed them many times. I had people rip them in the ring and swear at them, and I'd fix them.''' ,'''My wife loves to tell me that I love to tell people, 'Oh, I never thought WWE would sign me. I never thought I'd be on TV. I never thought I'd be a champion. I never thought any of those things were remotely possible.'''' ,]
+++