+++
author = "Alexis Sanchez"
title = "Alexis Sanchez Quotes"
quotes_len = "66"
description = "the best 66 Alexis Sanchez Quotes"
keywords = "alexis sanchez,alexis sanchez quotes,alexis sanchez quote,alexis sanchez sayings,alexis sanchez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Ozil is a quality player, and he really enjoys playing football. I always tell him to enjoy it and not get too worried about scoring.''' ,'''I think that if a player wants to be at the very top, he needs to win the Champions League and league titles. That's what makes the great players truly great.''' ,'''I am very proud to be the first Chilean player ever to play for United's first team, and I hope I can show our fans all around the world why the club wanted to bring me here.''' ,'''My father, who is now in Heaven, was a supporter of La U, and I think the truth is that a lot of my family would like me to end up there. My dad was the pillar of the family, and sometimes people do things for their family as well.''' ,'''I left Arsenal because I wanted to develop and learn as a player and get to experience a new club.''' ,'''I always give my 100 per cent.''' ,'''Arsenal plays very well, which fits my style. That's why I moved here.''' ,'''I don't care if I play on the wing or in the middle. There is no difference.''' ,'''I am a player that takes great care of myself.''' ,'''My dream was always to be a footballer and help my family.''' ,'''I'd like to play in English football, especially for Manchester United.''' ,'''I had a breakthrough in my football life. Now I switch to the left. I make goals. I pass. I am evolving.''' ,'''There are lots of big clubs, and having played for Arsenal, they are also one of them. It's a huge club, and I was there.''' ,'''I still think I'm playing back home in the street in my town with my mates. That's why I love the game, and mostly, I don't pay too much attention to social media or look at stuff that's out there.''' ,'''If a footballer is well motivated and has various things to motivate him every day, he will keep achieving his goals.''' ,'''I believe that having a family in the dressing room is very important when it comes to winning trophies.''' ,'''Ever since I started watching Premier League, I found English football very appealing.''' ,'''Arsene Wenger is different. He's a purist. He's a professor of football. A professor.''' ,'''In general, I like to always be in contact with the ball.''' ,'''I think that Manchester United, since I was young - and I'm not just saying this because I'm here; I'm an honest guy, and I never lie - I think it's the biggest club in England. That's what I think.''' ,'''I believe that United really is a very big club on a worldwide scale and even more so in England, where it's the biggest. They always want to win and to be fighting on all fronts, and that's the reason I wanted to come here.''' ,'''When I played for Barcelona, I knew that some home games were going to be easier than some others, as the team had plenty of confidence. That confident mentality helped Barcelona players win games.''' ,'''I never regret my decisions.''' ,'''It wasn't easy to leave Barcelona. I fulfilled a dream when I moved there - to play in Spain and for the champions - but very few players stay in the same club all their life. To leave is normal.''' ,'''When I am very tired, I know when I have to go in hard or slow down. It helps me to play better in the next match.''' ,'''I always want to play and to win because football's my passion; it's my life. That's why, every time we win, I'm really happy.''' ,'''United are special because of their history. They have so much history on a world level.''' ,'''I always said as a kid that I'd like to play for United, and I once spoke to Sir Alex Ferguson about it. We chatted for around 20 minutes, and I told him that my dream was to come here to Manchester United.''' ,'''I just try to be happy playing my football.''' ,'''I feel like an important player at world level.''' ,'''Looking at everything I've done in my career as a footballer, at all the titles, I believe that what's hugely important is motivation.''' ,'''You play one game after another, meet new people every day, and travel a lot. That is why I try to disconnect and relax as soon as I get some time off.''' ,'''Neymar is growing and is one of those players who invent things. He always has something more to offer.''' ,'''Arsene Wenger's style of play is the sort of style the Chilean national team has. Therefore, I am used to it.''' ,'''Manchester United are a huge club on the global stage. I came here to win everything. Otherwise, I wouldn't have come here.''' ,'''Playing with Neymar gives me happiness and confidence.''' ,'''If a footballer goes on the pitch with the right mentality, he will perform well.''' ,'''I try to prove that I am an important player every day and game after game.''' ,'''As a fast player, I want to receive the ball facing the opposition goal, which gives me more vision.''' ,'''Since I was a child, I've always been annoyed if I didn't win. If I lost a match, I would be annoyed, and then I would just want to train so that I could win the next day.''' ,'''You might cry during a game if you lose a final. That's all part of football.''' ,'''I want to win the Premier League and the Champions League.''' ,'''The more pressure I'm under, the better I feel.''' ,'''My idea is to play and win the Champions League. It is a dream I have had since I was little.''' ,'''Football players have always got a problem, some pain, and in some games, I have had small problems with my knee or some pain, and I played anyway, but people don't know if I have a problem or not. People just know if you score a goal or if you play badly, but they never know if you are well or not.''' ,'''I think it was a good choice to go to Arsenal, the best choice. It has been a positive move, and I love it at Arsenal.''' ,'''I have spent three and a half wonderful years at Arsenal, and I bring with me very positive memories of that great club and its fans.''' ,'''Being the best-paid in the Premier League fills me with pride at being Chilean.''' ,'''I always say that mentality is a crucial aspect in a football environment.''' ,'''Players sometimes need to feel important and loved by the club.''' ,'''I am certainly glad to be the first Chilean ever playing for Arsenal. I will do my best to achieve every possible thing with the club.''' ,'''I like to go to London to eat something or have a drink with my friends. However, I am a very home-loving person, and I spend a lot of time at home.''' ,'''I played in Spain, and we also had a very good dressing room, and I won a lot of things. So I think that in my experience of being in dressing rooms, it's so important to have a really good group.''' ,'''In my case, my life has changed and improved because different things have motivated me. For example, in the beginning, my motivation was to help my family. Later on, my motivation was to be the best.''' ,'''I have reached a level where I can compete with great players. I do not feel inferior to anybody.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a footballer; I always wanted to play. I was born to be a footballer.''' ,'''I think football saves many people. It can give you a life of luxury, but people don't see all the effort that goes in behind the scenes. That might mean not seeing your family or missing your mother's birthday; many players are so focused that they miss the birth of their children.''' ,'''I always said the same: I try to do my best, to support the team, to score goals, to win victories.''' ,'''Sometimes, when I am not playing in a game, it leaves me feeling very tired when I play in the next one. It is like I haven't trained for a month.''' ,'''As a footballer, everything you've achieved can easily be lost, and then you are nobody. That's just how life is, and that's why you shouldn't let things get you down. That's the reason I treat every match like a final.''' ,'''I can't be happy with drawing or losing a match. It actually makes me really sad when that happens.''' ,'''I do explore the city if I have the time for it, but normally, I would rather stay relaxed at home. London can be a stressful place because it's crowded and it's a big city.''' ,'''I've learnt so much from playing football: I love football, and that's what I do. I enjoy myself, and I'm just trying to be happy.''' ,'''I'm a professional, so any match against Barcelona in the Champions League is special to me.''' ,'''I've learnt so much over time and with the experience that I've gained. You can't please everyone.''' ,'''I always like to play. It is useful for me; I know how to regulate myself.''' ,]
+++