+++
author = "Mo Brooks"
title = "Mo Brooks Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Mo Brooks Quotes"
keywords = "mo brooks,mo brooks quotes,mo brooks quote,mo brooks sayings,mo brooks saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In the state of Alabama we have a significant number of illegal aliens that are leaving our state as occurred in Arizona after they got tough on illegal aliens.''' ,'''You look at the Pew Hispanic Center study on the number of illegal aliens in America and the number of jobs they have, that's 7.4 million, illegal aliens in America. A quick way to create jobs in America is to remove those illegal aliens from our community. That frees up 7.4 million jobs that American can seek.''' ,'''Granted, we need to have a sound immigration policy that allows people into our country who are going to produce more than they are going to consume, but the bottom line is illegal aliens consume far more of our tax resources than they generate.''' ,'''I can't control what other people do or say. I can only control the one vote I've been bestowed upon by the people in the Tennessee Valley.''' ,'''I never would've thought in Homeland Security that you would see someone saying that we needed to have hearings on radicalization of Christianity because it's a purported threat to America as much as radicalization of Islam.''' ,'''The Republicans I know or the conservatives I know, they disagree with what the Republicans are doing in Washington because we are compromising too much.''' ,'''We don't have the money in America to keep paying for the education of everybody else's children from around the world. We simply don't have the financial resources to do that.''' ,'''My viewpoint is the Senate is dysfunctional.''' ,'''We used to have food picked and used to have houses built and we used to have chicken properly processed and it was Americans that did it. If we are going to continue to utilize those goods, then what's going to have to happen is that the employers are going to have to elevate the wages in order to attract American workers to do those jobs.''' ,'''I would expect illegal alien parents to take care of their children. If it means the kids go back home with them, that's what happens. If it means there are legal relatives in the United States that can take care of them, that can happen to. But I believe it's the parents responsibility to take care of the kids.''' ,]
+++