+++
author = "Sergei Polunin"
title = "Sergei Polunin Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Sergei Polunin Quotes"
keywords = "sergei polunin,sergei polunin quotes,sergei polunin quote,sergei polunin sayings,sergei polunin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''But yeah, I don't think you can conquer demons.''' ,'''The problem was I didn't have a mentor. Nobody ever sat me down and said, 'That's how life is. You're going to have trouble here or there.'''' ,'''I don't know how you completely destroy your dark side.''' ,'''There's no agents or managers to represent them. Dancers don't have any voice. They have nothing. Nobody can afford a flat to live in. They have to share to be able to survive. In a place like the Royal Ballet, that shouldn't happen.''' ,'''Would I be happy just to be an actor? I don't think I would.''' ,'''I don't have time to party; I'm always on the plane.''' ,'''I realized it's important to have love in your life, it's important to have friendship, it's very important to have mentors and family.''' ,'''Plant or animal, black or white, gay or straight, man or woman, I always see things deeper than just a surface. I always look deep inside the person and you will see a beautiful person in every human being.''' ,'''I always hoped I would be injured so I didn't have to dance any more.''' ,'''In the beginning, I was very passionate about it, I loved it. It wasn't until I actually reached the top that I became despondent. I felt like I was betrayed, betrayed by my family, my school. I felt very angry about the whole thing. You spend 12 hours a day, dancing, and then what?''' ,'''I wasted so many years just traveling and sitting in hotels, searching for things, not knowing.''' ,'''I go to bed really late - if I just sleep I won't have a life outside ballet.''' ,'''I got the same recognition in Russia in one week that I got in London after five years.''' ,'''I went and got a tattoo of James Dean on my shoulder without actually seeing him in any movies.''' ,'''What made my mind go free is that I wanted to become an artist. As soon as I said to myself, 'Oh I'm not a dancer; I'm not an actor,' it made me so free to do anything.''' ,'''Whoever thought of making ballet? I mean, what is it? It's so alien. You just look at people's behavior as well - people trying to show off on stage and people clapping.''' ,'''I would love for dancers to be treated better and for dancers to have support, for dancers to have managers, agents. This is the only art form that does not have a proper support system.''' ,'''If you ask about regrets, I normally don't regret. I enjoy everything, even if it's bad or good.''' ,'''I'm on good terms with Kevin O'Hare.''' ,'''For artists to feel a real emotion to your partner is very important.''' ,'''The Royal Ballet was good to me. They gave me everything I asked for. It's just... I felt tricked. I became a principal and I couldn't even afford to pay for dinner. I couldn't afford a flat.''' ,'''As a dancer, you dance and you shut up. You don't open your mouth. I started using the media as psychiatrists, I guess, they were someone to talk to.''' ,'''I started watching movies more carefully, watching actors - the way they act, the way the movie is filmed, just as a hobby in a way, but also something to progress to maybe in the future.''' ,'''It's not being bad; it's about trying to find yourself. It's strange how people take you.''' ,'''When I was a kid I always liked scratching myself - making shapes, making drawings, and I always thought I would have a tattoo.''' ,'''It's true that I got a bit lost. But that was because I had grown up in a system where I never made my own decisions.''' ,'''Some people go crazy. It's constant pressure. People don't eat well. They work a lot. There's no rest. People lose their mind by 30. They really go crazy - especially ballerinas.''' ,'''It's important not to forget what parents did for you, what friends are.''' ,'''The contemporary programs in London are harder and much more damaging for the body. With classical ballet you are relaxed mentally because it's what you learnt, but I want to push myself.''' ,'''I'm not a bad boy now I'm living in Russia. London was great but there were too many distractions.''' ,'''Being a ballet dancer isn't cool. Football, boxing, hockey... they're cool. And you make more money.''' ,'''I'd always been one of the best in my gymnastics school, so I transferred to trying to be the best dancer, without knowing anything about ballet. I learned it as a routine.''' ,'''It's very important for humans to see dance, it's a language that everybody understands.''' ,'''Well, that's why ballet is one of the hardest disciplines - you kind of stay childlike, because you never really experience childhood, so you try to stay in that.''' ,'''I didn't choose ballet, it was my mum's choice.''' ,'''I thought about my future. In 10 years' time, I would be in the same position as when I started - the best dancer in the world, but still sharing a flat. You're an adult, but you live like a kid.''' ,'''I never had any freedom - over my whole life, there had always been people telling me what to do. And when I did finally get that freedom I had no idea what to do with it - that was something I hadn't been trained for.''' ,'''I sort of played with the bad-boy thing, and I gave a couple of interviews where I said stupid things.''' ,'''I actually always have good intentions.''' ,'''You know when you believe in Christmas? I was like that with ballet. I thought I would reach a level where I'd have enough money to bring my family back together, and I would have freedom.''' ,'''When I worked with David LaChappelle, I was stimulated... He was explaining how he does things, how he works. I realized what an artist is, so I thought that's what dancers should experience.''' ,'''The Sensorium Galaxy Planet of Motion is the future. We are memorizing dance because dance will exist in a virtual world forever. The Planet of Motion is a game changer and I'm happy to be involved in this collaboration.''' ,'''I struggle to get the big companies to trust me, or be willing to work with me.''' ,'''The Royal Ballet School looked after me very well, they were like my family, and the company gave me everything. But I was unhappy and I didn't know how to express it.''' ,'''In England, ballet is kind of closed. They are opening up a little bit, but it was always something not for the general public. So you don't get fame, like a football star or a film star. And if you don't get fame, you can't do other stuff.''' ,'''In Russia it is great because you can concentrate 100 percent on your work, there are not as many distractions as London, so I've literally had a year concentrating on my dancing.''' ,'''I wanted to go into film. But the press attention stopped me.''' ,'''I wake up and I do class straight away, so that gives me a free day to do things.''' ,'''The bad press started to play a big part in how people perceived me, and I started playing on that too, which was a big mistake.''' ,'''I am very thankful to the Royal Albert Hall for the opportunity to dance here; it's been a long hope of mine.''' ,'''I think often people know about Rasputin in Russian history - but know only a little bit. He's an interesting man, who in general I think meant well.''' ,'''You don't lose anything, in fact you gain a lot by having free-thinking people.''' ,'''Dance is the hidden language of the soul.''' ,'''You know, it was only by traveling that I started to mature and to make my own choices, learn how to deal with people and understand how the industry works.''' ,'''I want to create a platform where dancers can be creative away from their day jobs. I want them to be able to express their joy, their personalities and to have fun.''' ,'''Ukraine told me I couldn't return. They put me on a list of terrorists and war criminals.''' ,'''The ballet world is so competitive, and for no reason. It's not a sport. It's an art. There's no winner.''' ,'''I would like to do more projects involving artists from film, fashion and music. That's the spark for me.''' ,'''I couldn't come back to gymnastics because the floors were too dusty for my health.''' ,'''The Royal Ballet is the best paid company, but the dancers get nothing. The stage crew get paid three times more than the dancers, and they have a job for life - dancers only have 10 years.''' ,'''The most amazing feeling in the world is destroying. It takes so much strength and patience and time to build, and destruction is fast, fast, fast. Explosive.''' ,'''It is different in Russia. Here there is a television channel devoted to opera and dance.''' ,'''You live the life of a dancer. It is not your job, it is your life, and you have to love it so much to be able to take it every day for six days a week, sometimes seven.''' ,'''A footballer in three weeks earns what a dancer makes in a year.''' ,'''When I left The Royal Ballet, I didn't have anybody to talk to.''' ,'''For many years I saw the world as two sides: east and west, two powers. And I was trying to search what is white, what is black. Both sides wanted me.''' ,'''When I became a principal at the Royal Ballet it was my childhood goal, a dream and I became it at 19. And then I said 'what's next?' and I set myself a different goal at 19 to become an actor.''' ,'''Some of my friends were going to dancing school and, when one of them was auditioning for a ballet school in Kiev, my mother saw an opportunity for me to do that, so we could move to a bigger, better city.''' ,'''I did gymnastics, I went to school, then I did homework. I missed out on a childhood.''' ,'''I want to make people happy. I love kids and I want to help kids. And tigers.''' ,'''I would have liked to behave badly, to play football. I loved sport. But all my family were working for me to succeed.''' ,'''I always wanted to become an artist who unites things.''' ,'''I was an artist, and I could create something, and that's what's stimulating.''' ,'''I love movies and there's something close to me about James Dean - I always wanted to do choreography on him.''' ,'''It's amazing how such a small piece of art can be such a powerful thing for people.''' ,'''If you just stay still and don't create, you die as an artist.''' ,'''Once I went back to my old city and saw my best friend from childhood walking around with a gang, looking cool. I think I missed out by never having that street life doing stupid things.''' ,'''Sometimes I don't eat all day, then have four meals between 8 P. M. and 4 A. M.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if you are gay or straight: the man should have strength to take care of families and take care of loved ones.''' ,'''I do get depressed sometimes, I don't know why. It's since I was a kid and it's just part of my personality.''' ,'''I want to do as much as I can.''' ,'''When you are low, you do tattoos and it gives you adrenaline for a couple of days and you're happy.''' ,'''If I had the choice I'd be a boxer or a footballer.''' ,'''It's not about being modern or classical or about being sexy: it's all about exchanging energies with the audience.''' ,'''When you're going a bit higher than you think you normally can, and you can feel the adrenaline and excitement of the public, that's really great.''' ,'''Unfortunately, in our society, nobody wants people to think.''' ,'''In my head I want to do dancing as a hobby. I don't want it to be my job. I want to do it as a joy, not having to do not-very-good galas just to make my living.''' ,'''I never wanted to be a good example.''' ,'''It always felt as though there was a wall between me and contemporary dance. I didn't know how to get into it.''' ,'''To think is to create and that's what's most important.''' ,'''Once you achieve something you just want to move on and achieve something else and keep achieving, like Alexander the Great - he captured one country and then he just kept doing it.''' ,'''For an artist it is important to show what your mood is at that particular moment.''' ,'''I'm not fond of the idea of doing ballet for ballet's sake, because dancers get exploited and they're not paid well. They do it for the love.''' ,'''Art and war are opposites, so our goal as an artist is to build and create, not destroy.''' ,'''The only family I knew was the Royal Ballet and I didn't feel I was part of it in a way. I moved up quite quickly so I didn't make many friends. You are on your own in that sort of place.''' ,'''I danced in corps de ballet for 11 hours a day. That was the hardest work I have ever done in my life. I haven't seen anybody else work more.''' ,'''I like imperfections in the world.''' ,'''A few months ago, I was sure that I was going to stop dancing to become a good actor. But then when I was by myself for a week, I asked myself, What are you doing? You have that talent. Use it to the fullest.''' ,'''It's almost died, classical dance.''' ,'''I didn't want people to think I'm a dancer. I'm much more. I'm a human being.''' ,]
+++