+++
author = "Willam Belli"
title = "Willam Belli Quotes"
quotes_len = "69"
description = "the best 69 Willam Belli Quotes"
keywords = "willam belli,willam belli quotes,willam belli quote,willam belli sayings,willam belli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like Pride festival because we get to show up and show out. Remind people we have resilience and rainbows.''' ,'''Regret's kind of like a fool's game.''' ,'''People are so concerned with what they put in their bodies but so few know what they're putting on their skin. I like to use preservative-free, cruelty-free makeup that hasn't been tested on animals.''' ,'''Showing up is like 90 percent of the battle, and just make sure your hair is really cute.''' ,'''I just do my own thing, and my flower continues to blossom like one of those delicious Bloomin' Onions from Outback Steakhouse.''' ,'''A Star Is Born' was everything. Gaga and Bradley, and having people you look up to laugh at your jokes, felt really good.''' ,'''If you don't get something, don't spend your time wallowing. Just move on and then speak up for the next thing, and hope that you're involved in that.''' ,'''I'm just taking it one day at a time. Actually, one night at a time. I'm not usually up during the day.''' ,'''I can ruin my own career, but I will not ruin anyone elses' career with my mouth.''' ,'''A kiki is any type of social function that's cute at which at no less than 2 but not more than 10 drag queens are in a room together. It's super fun.''' ,'''What other people think of me isn't any of my business but it's nice when people say nice things.''' ,'''I love San Francisco!''' ,'''My opinion is not valuable to the general public.''' ,'''Vanity from Wigs By Vanity have the best wigs in the business.''' ,'''I think finding a way to relate material to yourself can be useful to some people but acting for me is just being really good at make-pretend and lying. I've always been a great liar.''' ,'''I never went to college.''' ,'''I am no one's role model.''' ,'''I'm trying to take drag back to its down-and-dirty roots where people get offended at first, and then they're like, 'Oh my God, this crazy queen.'''' ,'''Drag Race' has given many super-talented people 15 minutes of fame... Many don't strike while the iron's hot though and are only really seen again sitting at finales or reunions for the show.''' ,'''I feel bad for my parents for having to raise me. I was crazy.''' ,'''I'm a drag queen. I want colors that get attention. The world does not need another palette with eight tans and a blue.''' ,'''My grandma spelled my name wrong until she died. Like literally, birthday cards, mail, everything.''' ,'''I'm not a persona, and I'm not a character. I'm always the same person.''' ,'''I would love to be the John Belushi of drag. He was fearless.''' ,'''Sometimes it's better to make a mark than to hit your mark, and I think I realized that early on.''' ,'''My goal with the makeup line was that you wouldn't have to use brushes. Fingers are my favorite thing.''' ,'''Every artist that I've parodied has been cool with it so far. I know one hasn't loved a version of it, but she didn't sue me over it or make me take it down. They've all been pretty cool.''' ,'''If I die tomorrow I could die happy, because this feels like possibly the biggest thing I'll ever do in my career, and I'm fine with that. I get to be in a movie with Gaga.''' ,'''I have nothing but respect for RuPaul, but it's impossible for me to be happy working with people who don't treat others the way they want to be treated.''' ,'''I was an awful child. And now I'm an awful adult.''' ,'''Listen - by the time I'm 40, I'm either gonna be super famous or dead.''' ,'''I love Issa Rae from 'Insecure.'''' ,'''I just want to be like a little bit of Bluto from 'Animal House,' mixed with like some amazing diva like RuPaul.''' ,'''Being a fat kid - FFK, former fat kid - helped round me out, no pun intended. I'm a better adult because I wasn't treated well as a child.''' ,'''My parents let me get my outfit in the gayest place possible, the 'International Male Catalog.' They sold mostly speedos and thongs and clubwear, and I was like, I'm getting that sheer shirt with the dragon on it, and then those vinyl patent leather pants and the cheetah platform boots.''' ,'''I think that drag makes anything better.''' ,'''And who wouldn't want to date Jonathan Bennett, right?''' ,'''My signature scent is naivete.''' ,'''I had a drag mom but she didn't really teach me about makeup. She just basically stuck me into gigs. And then I borrowed clothes from her and her drag to play the gigs.''' ,'''I did an HBO movie called 'Cinema Verite' where I played Candy Darling. That was really, really cool because I got to meet James Gandolfini and Diane Lane and Thomas Dekker.''' ,'''If you put drag in front of anything, it inherently makes it more fun. So mashing up films with cult followings with drag queens is a natural fit for a good time.''' ,'''The next RuPaul is an actor, a singer, a personality, not someone who can just get up at a bar. So I'm looking to do all those things.''' ,'''My priority is my happiness.''' ,'''I mean, I find drama to be engaging and it makes your blood pressure go up and you keep watching, but it's not as entertaining as, say, comedy.''' ,'''My favorite must have beauty product is a good, reliable black eye pencil.''' ,'''And I've never really been a makeup pro.''' ,'''I'm in a band, I sing live.''' ,'''I want to keep 'A Star Is Born' with the greatest reverence ever.''' ,'''Well, I wasn't a big Chick-fil-A fan, I guess, I never really knew about them because I'm from Philly and they don't have them there.''' ,'''Somebody once said that my look was like if Aileen Wuornos got acquitted and got a book deal. And I was like, 'That's wrong, but it's really funny.' And I've always thought that she was kind of like a gold mine for parody because there's all these things that went wrong in her life.''' ,'''I'm not complaining at all but 'A Star Is Born' hasn't helped my career in like, opportunity terms.''' ,'''One of the most flattering things is when other people are seeing what you're doing and then replicating that kind of thing.''' ,'''When someone says, 'I recognize you,' I'll say, 'Congratulations on having a TV.' It's a little joke.''' ,'''Rocky Horror Picture Show' was my gateway drag/drug. I was somewhere between 13 and 16 when I started going to that.''' ,'''Creating content and never being afraid to try something new have been my two hallmarks.''' ,'''I don't know how to do anything else and lack any skill that would be applicable on a resume. Drag is what I know. The gigs are my life.''' ,'''Each generation gets more accepting which is great.''' ,'''I think a cream blush placed under foundation works the best. That way it shows through the skin the way your face does when it naturally blushes.''' ,'''I might not have won 'Drag Race,' but I won the Internet.''' ,'''The videos I put on YouTube have expanded my audience beyond what I could have done at just a Hamburger Mary's. People saw the videos, started booking me, and literally 40-plus countries and thousands of gigs later I can basically say that YouTube has bought me a house.''' ,'''Drag was always looked at as a stepchild, and I wasn't willing to sit at the kid's table anymore so I took what's mine. You can't depend on other people to give you what you want; you have to take it.''' ,'''Contouring in the wrong hands turns into clownturing. I like to build it into my concealer base using cream colours and then put my foundation on over it.''' ,'''Always tip a drag queen. If they're good, they deserve it. And if they're bad, at least they'll go away after that buck.''' ,'''I'm from the North. We didn't have Chick-fil-A.''' ,'''I like meeting people, cause they tell me I'm pretty, and I just have to say thank you a lot.''' ,'''The hardest skill to master was finding the right lash for my eye. Eyes are the windows to the soul, and some windows need blinds instead of curtains.''' ,'''I've never really considered myself a musician.''' ,'''I know you are not a woman if you are voting for Mitt Romney. Because no woman in her right mind would vote for a man that opposes a woman's right to get a clean abortion or a safe abortion.''' ,'''I'm aware of the other drag artists with makeup lines, and I celebrate them. The pie is big and there's room for everybody.''' ,]
+++