+++
author = "Louis Van Gaal"
title = "Louis Van Gaal Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Louis Van Gaal Quotes"
keywords = "louis van gaal,louis van gaal quotes,louis van gaal quote,louis van gaal sayings,louis van gaal saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was coach at Ajax, in the first half of the season, the players needed time to adapt to me, to know who I am as a person and as a coach.''' ,'''You need always guts to put youngsters in the squad and also in the line-up.''' ,'''It's not hard at all to make the switch from United to Oranje. For a manager, it's totally different than for a player.''' ,'''The pitch is the most important material for a football player.''' ,'''Every human being is special because they all have identities.''' ,'''I had to follow Bobby Robson at Barcelona. He had won three titles.''' ,'''When you have an older group of players, they play on automatic pilot a lot of the time, but with youngsters, you have more intuition.''' ,'''I am more open than other coaches with all of my players.''' ,'''When I speak, I am well articulated.''' ,'''As coaches, we have to give a lot of information. Too much, I think.''' ,'''You have expectations always when you buy players. Mostly, you have positive expectations.''' ,'''I always tried to defend high up the pitch, to be in the opposition's half and play the game there.''' ,'''Rashford's pace is incredible. You don't catch him when he breaks away.''' ,'''I was 11 when my father died, so I didn't know my father so well.''' ,'''When I have signed for clubs, I have always spoken a long time with the CEO or with the owners, not only at United, but also at Bayern Munich and Barcelona, and I have the faith that they always support me.''' ,'''Sometimes players are very fed up with my communication, but that's what I do, and they know how I think. But they know I am very transparent.''' ,'''I am used to a lot of criticism.''' ,'''The most important thing about a person is that you know who you are and what you want. You should be capable of introspection and evaluate yourself.''' ,'''I am immensely proud to have helped United win the FA Cup for the 12th time in the club's history.''' ,'''The coach is the focal point of the team, but you need to have an open mind, and so do all the players. Everyone needs to work together to achieve a common goal.''' ,'''I hope that all the people who work with me remember me as a human being.''' ,'''I criticize the media for inventing stories.''' ,'''It's a principle of my philosophy that you have to respect the individual human being.''' ,'''The accommodation for the players to dress themselves, to change into their club shirts, are in most stadiums not so good.''' ,'''It's not always the fault of the manager when a player is not performing well, I can tell you.''' ,'''It was very difficult to succeed Bert van Marwijk because, two years before, he was second in the World Cup, and then he left a broken-up team behind - so that was much more difficult than you think.''' ,'''I have no ambition to be a technical director or TV pundit.''' ,'''You always need the hunger to play in the first team.''' ,'''It's difficult to beat German teams. They don't play as attractively as, for example, you have it in the English league or in the Spanish league. But to break a German team is not very easy.''' ,'''You have to deal with a lot of things when you are a professional football player, and that is not so easy.''' ,'''I am open with the players, with my media officer, and also the media.''' ,'''I look for players who do not just score goals but provide an attacking point, linking with other players and able to see the third man as well. Van Persie is one of the best strikers around at that.''' ,'''I am proud people still like me. That is what is most important in life.''' ,'''Having coached Ajax, Barcelona, the Netherlands, FC Bayern, and Manchester United like I did, it is difficult for any offer to be interesting.''' ,'''I have good memories of Manchester United.''' ,'''To look at the players, to communicate with the players, to observe and to analyze - that's my job.''' ,'''I think the team is always better than the individual player.''' ,'''I back all of my players, not only Wayne Rooney.''' ,'''I have been privileged during my management career to have won 20 trophies, but winning the FA Cup, which is steeped in so much history, will always be one of the most special achievements of my career.''' ,'''It's very important to win your home games.''' ,'''I am not a usual coach: it doesn't matter for me who are scoring the goals.''' ,'''There is no winter break, and I think that is the most evil thing of this culture. It is not good for English football. It is not good for the clubs or the national team, and I think you should change it.''' ,'''I was a fan of Henk Groot, former striker of Ajax, who scored many goals with his head. I thought, 'I can do that also,' but I couldn't.''' ,'''Winning the FA Cup with Manchester United was my biggest achievement.''' ,'''With Luis Enrique, I never expected he would become a coach. He was an intuition player; he didn't speak with me about tactics.''' ,'''We need to learn that in the Champions League, the referees are vigilant and quick to whistle.''' ,'''A system depends on the players you have.''' ,'''The media likes me because I give honest answers. How many people in football give honest answers? I don't lie. Always the truth. OK, maybe my truth. But it is the truth.''' ,'''I'm not a stupid man.''' ,'''A player needs to focus on one thing to be successful, while a coach is thinking about the whole process.''' ,'''A World Cup is always special because it is the highest podium on which you can show your abilities as an individual player or coach, and as a team.''' ,'''I always played attacking football.''' ,'''I am amazed when people say I am single-minded.''' ,'''Everybody thinks I am a narcissist. I am actually the opposite of that.''' ,'''I'm always honest.''' ,'''I have a philosophy. I was convinced of it, and by winning trophies in four countries, I proved the philosophy worked.''' ,'''I think it is always a success when you win the title.''' ,'''Success at United doesn't depend on money but about which players we bring in.''' ,'''Having managed in Holland, Spain, and Germany, I had always hoped for the opportunity to manage in English football and be part of English culture.''' ,'''Players count for nothing. The team is everything.''' ,'''Of course I have ambition to become World Champions with Oranje.''' ,'''It cannot be a good thing when a club is run solely from a commercially-driven perspective.''' ,'''I think you have to refresh the squad every year, and I have done it with all my clubs.''' ,'''It is not normal that one team dominates for 20 years in a row as the champion.''' ,'''I speak English my way, but people understand it. You can understand everything I say, and that's the most important thing.''' ,'''I am not a dictator; I am a communicator.''' ,'''When you win the FA Cup, you have a title and a very respectable title in England - more than other countries.''' ,'''You cannot buy players and know, for sure, that they can deliver. You cannot know because football is a team sport.''' ,'''The most important thing is they have to know why we do things and when. A lot of players are playing intuitively, and I want them to think and know why they do something.''' ,'''I think, always, the form of the players is a decisive factor. And a game-plan and the referee. He can influence the game. And in a derby, a cool head is also very important.''' ,'''You are always evaluating. That philosophy is very important for me. Because of that, I am - or maybe I should say was - a very successful manager.''' ,'''Preparing your tactical formation is essential. Each player needs to know where he has to be, and that is why there needs to be mutual understanding: because you need absolute discipline.''' ,'''OK, Wayne Rooney is always the center of attention, and I always have to answer questions about him. But Wayne is Wayne, and he will always contribute in a game.''' ,'''I think I could have worked as a technical director. But in this role, you can't attend training or say anything for fear it won't suit the coach, directors, or media. I don't think I want a job like that.''' ,'''With Ajax, I played Mexico in Mexico City, and our players could hardly keep up for half the match.''' ,'''At Bayern, the people in charge are football men. I always appreciated that.''' ,'''If you ask me how did I do at United, I will say it was my best year ever, given the circumstances I was working under. We played football that was quite alright. But it's not football that is appreciated in England.''' ,'''Players can play bad, and certainly when you have only three days or six days training sessions in your legs, and you have to play 45 minutes. Everybody can say that it's easy to step in, but it is not easy.''' ,'''I believe in Manchester United.''' ,'''You have to live in the present, I think.''' ,'''I like it if a coach enjoys himself and is passionate.''' ,'''In the Netherlands, the press writes what they want.''' ,'''In the football world, you have to deliver. However, as an ex-player, you always have more credit.''' ,'''I hope at Manchester United I can do my best. I will do my best.''' ,'''I think it's fantastic to be here in England. They live football: football is living, and living is football.''' ,'''The media do not analyse the game. They analyse the result.''' ,'''It has been an honor to manage such a magnificent club as Manchester United FC, and in doing so, I have fulfilled a long-held ambition.''' ,'''Yes, I have a philosophy, and you have to come with good arguments to change that philosophy, but, if someone has a better argument than me, then I will change.''' ,'''I thought always Manchester United can buy every player because they have a lot of power.''' ,'''Every player gets his time, no matter who you are.''' ,'''I don't think my players are robots. They are humans and make errors.''' ,'''I watch the Premier League, the Spanish and Dutch leagues, and a little bit of the German league.''' ,'''Every coach wants to train Manchester United; it's one of the biggest clubs in the world.''' ,'''I worked at the number one team in the Netherlands, Germany, Spain, and now also in England.''' ,'''The basis of my confidence is that I wasn't a talented player. I was a talented human being. At school, I always had good figures. I was the captain of all my football teams. I studied physical education at the Academy, so I learned to analyse, to observe, and to take decisions.''' ,'''My conviction is that a full professional also wants to live professionally.''' ,'''You have to play football to entertain the fans.''' ,'''When you have a lot of ball possession, you have a lot of ball possession to create chances, not to play the ball around and not score.''' ,'''I have to treat all of the players at the same level with the same rules and same demands. It's difficult to understand, because the outside world is thinking when you pay a lot for the player, then you have to put him in the squad.''' ,]
+++