+++
author = "Stormy Daniels"
title = "Stormy Daniels Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Stormy Daniels Quotes"
keywords = "stormy daniels,stormy daniels quotes,stormy daniels quote,stormy daniels sayings,stormy daniels saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Anytime I've been photographed with a glass of champagne in my hand, it's really Red Bull.''' ,'''I may never have a normal life again.''' ,'''I support women. I think we should be treated equal, all of that stuff.''' ,'''My goal is the same as it has always been - to stand up for myself and take back my voice after being bullied and intimidated by President Trump and his minions.''' ,'''The deck has always been stacked against me.''' ,'''I have two choices: Sit at home and feel sorry for myself, or make lemonade out of lemons.''' ,'''We live in a capitalist society. I think if anyone, in any field, was approached and someone said, 'Hi! You know that job you are already doing? Would you like to do it next week for quadruple your normal pay?' Show me one person who would say no.''' ,'''I always wonder what my life would be like if I had parents like the other kids who went to my high school.''' ,'''I don't think I necessarily try to help women; I just try to help people.''' ,'''I'm very food-motivated.''' ,'''I guess I feel the most powerful when someone tries to take my power or belittle me or insult me, and it doesn't work.''' ,'''One of the really difficult things that people say to me on social media or whatever - is that I need to shut up and go home and take care of my daughter. That's very hurtful.''' ,'''When I was about eight, my mom started disappearing for days at a time, probably with one of the guys she was dating. There would be no food.''' ,'''Simply because I did not fit in their mold of what an independent working woman should be, the media and political elite have sought to relegate my sense of civic responsibility to mere sideshow antics.''' ,'''I've been dancing for 20 years. I just kept doing the same job that I've always done.''' ,'''I don't really consider myself to be a super feminist.''' ,'''My own child doesn't even know that Stephanie is my name.''' ,'''That's one of the best things about my job. I've had the opportunity to really talk to and meet some really fascinating, weird people.''' ,'''I might be living in a cardboard box under a freeway overpass, homeless, but I won't be silenced.''' ,'''The truth has always been my greatest ally.''' ,'''How sexist and rude to say that my job defines my character.''' ,'''Wish I had a PR team. That sounds very fancy.''' ,'''It's actually sexist to accuse men as a whole of something, you know? It's just - I don't know. A guy can't even open a door for a lady without being called a pig.''' ,'''Let's say you have white milk and chocolate milk, and one of them is good emotions and one of them is bad emotions, and you pour both in: you're still going to fill up and run over.''' ,'''I'm one of the most successful adult movie directors in the business.''' ,'''I'm not, like, some big Hillary supporter. I'm a Republican.''' ,'''I get along better with men.''' ,]
+++