+++
author = "Melissa Joan Hart"
title = "Melissa Joan Hart Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Melissa Joan Hart Quotes"
keywords = "melissa joan hart,melissa joan hart quotes,melissa joan hart quote,melissa joan hart sayings,melissa joan hart saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Tune in to Kids and Family Week is perfect for me.''' ,'''I love directing. It's where my heart is, and it's the way my mind works.''' ,'''I'd always done family-friendly stuff. I wanted to do a film where I could show my darker side and make people uncomfortable.''' ,'''I didn't get married. I do have a boyfriend. We live together.''' ,'''Kids aren't going to understand single life in New York City.''' ,'''I'm singing background on one of Blondie's songs on her new album.''' ,'''I have six sisters, so I assumed I'd have a girl. Learning I was having a boy was really weird.''' ,'''When I first got pregnant, I freaked out. Then I had to remind myself: I'm turning 30.''' ,'''I used to go to school in Manhattan with a bunch of the City Kids.''' ,'''If I'm going to do something a little bit more adult, I'll do it if it's going to be on at a different time slot or if it's going to be something that kids won't be able to get their hands on.''' ,'''The whole reason Sabrina came about was because we wanted something good for families to watch on TV.''' ,'''I rescued a dog. It was a beautiful.''' ,'''I think a lot of the problem is that at 8 o'clock there's nothing on for kids.''' ,'''Eventually, everyone said, Why don't you direct? It would save time. And that's how it started.''' ,'''This is the first time in my life I've had hair this short. It's always been down to my waist. I can't hide behind my hair any more.''' ,'''I don't know enough about daytime, I think, to say anything.''' ,'''Sabrina ran for seven years with a different director every week.''' ,'''There was a big question as to whether or not different generations have grown up differently.''' ,'''I'm not a happy-ending person. I want to know what happens once Cinderella rides off with Prince Charming.''' ,'''I'm calling from my car, I'm sorry, I'm like running around like crazy.''' ,'''I hope to do films. Right now I'm just doing projects that are interesting.''' ,'''In the Emperor's New Clothes, they got a different celebrity to do each voice. They drew up a picture of each character and then each actor wrote their own part.''' ,'''Every prop, every shot, every pearl that rolled across the floor was exactly how I wanted it to be.''' ,'''My career has always revolved around what I do and don't want my sisters and brothers seeing me doing.''' ,'''I don't think I'm great at acting. I think I'm great at directing.''' ,]
+++