+++
author = "Kyle Lafferty"
title = "Kyle Lafferty Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Kyle Lafferty Quotes"
keywords = "kyle lafferty,kyle lafferty quotes,kyle lafferty quote,kyle lafferty sayings,kyle lafferty saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Glasgow is a strange place. If you don't have someone close to you looking out for you, your head will wander.''' ,'''I'd be up three grand and I'd end up losing the lot. It didn't affect me because I knew I was about to get a move and the signing-on fee would make up for the money I lost.''' ,'''I've no problem with Neil Lennon. I'm thrilled for him to be interested in me. He tried to sign me for Bolton but football is football.''' ,'''I've given my all to Burnley but don't feel wanted. No player is going to stay where he is not happy.''' ,'''I'm always going to be a Rangers fans and I'll always look out for their results. But if I thought the fans would have me back, then I'd always have that door open.''' ,'''I've always given 110% for Northern Ireland, for my country. I'll never throw in the towel.''' ,'''I was in and about the Northern Ireland team, I was a young boy, an up and coming star in the team!''' ,'''I have travelled and I have played for some amazing clubs along the way. In Italy and at Sion, I enjoyed my time.''' ,'''Playing in Norway allowed me to get back out onto the pitch and get game time, it was great to be playing regularly again.''' ,'''I knew it was against the rules to bet on football, but when you've got an addiction you just want to win that money back.''' ,'''I think that's why gamblers get so bad, being online. It makes it so easy. I don't have any online accounts, I never have.''' ,'''My performances in training and in games are night and day.''' ,'''But for my first Rangers game it was an amazing game. I was sitting there, the stands, singing the songs. The whole atmosphere, the whole stadium red, white and blue and just this wee section was Zenit fans. I got goosebumps and everything.''' ,'''Seeing young boys wearing your country's shirt with your name on it is the best feeling you can probably have.''' ,'''I've been around the world and it's an experience I've enjoyed. But there's no feeling like pulling on a Rangers jersey and playing in front of those fans every week.''' ,'''Hearing teams like Rangers are interested in you, you intend to give that little bit extra to show that obviously you can play and score goals.''' ,'''I'm not looking for sympathy. If there's other footballers addicted to gambling, then maybe me speaking about my battle might help them.''' ,'''It should be a special moment and young kids are brought up to give their right arm to play for their country. I wasn't fully focussed at the start.''' ,'''I think everyone knows that when you find someone you love, you want to make them proud.''' ,'''You have to have something about you to perform in Scotland. I'm sure these foreign players are excellent but we don't know how they're going to perform.''' ,'''I grew up in Northern Ireland, didn't have a lot of money and getting over to Glasgow to watch a game was probably a lot to expect from my mum and dad.''' ,'''I won't pay a guy money that I don't think he deserves.''' ,'''I'm no different from anyone else but I don't trust giving my details online, so any betting I do, I go into a bookies.''' ,'''But I think I'm always going to be remembered for being the daft guy who had a chance at Rangers and never took it.''' ,'''I've got a nice, big house. I've got two nice cars, including a Bentley, and I'm test-driving a Porsche.''' ,'''I was probably given a bit too much at an early age. I got some big moves and played in big games.''' ,'''Scotland - and Glasgow - is a tough place to play football and a lot of big names have come up here and not produced.''' ,'''I spoke to the Sporting Chance clinic and I was seeing a guy in London every one or two weeks for an hour-long meeting about my gambling.''' ,'''It was every day on the horses and every single race. I was betting on anything; horses, dogs, virtual racing, roulette.''' ,'''When a team like Rangers is interested in you, it's something you have to look at and you know you're doing something right.''' ,'''It's always been an ambition of mine to play in the Premier League and I feel, if I moved to Wolves then I'd have an excellent chance of reaching what many believe is the greatest league in the world.''' ,'''Betting on football had been banned and, if anything, things got worse. I'd bet on horses instead. I knew absolutely nothing about horses.''' ,]
+++