+++
author = "Vidyasagar"
title = "Vidyasagar Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Vidyasagar Quotes"
keywords = "vidyasagar,vidyasagar quotes,vidyasagar quote,vidyasagar sayings,vidyasagar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have always worked hard. The only thing missing was a smile from Lady Luck.''' ,'''I enjoy and understand melody before I create it. But the challenge is that I've also got to satisfy the film going audience of today.''' ,'''Ilaignan,' the script of which has been penned by Chief Minister M Karunanidhi, is a period film that is set in the romantic era of classical music. You will find Western classical music mixed with our Indian melodies.''' ,'''I joined my father for recordings when I was 11 or so. By then, I could play a dozen instruments. My first professional recording was around that time. I played the vibraphone for Shankar-Ganesh in a Tamil film.''' ,'''All genres of music have their own beauty.''' ,'''It is alright to ape Western music, but we have to ask ourselves if that is what we need in our films.''' ,'''Even if you want to try out something new, that should not be done without losing your roots.''' ,'''People, irrespective of the language they speak, love good music.''' ,'''I was only 26 when I started my career. Those days I only wanted to work. When my films did not work, I didn't know what to do. But I never went to anyone for work. Work came in search of me.''' ,'''I started off playing the harmonium and singing. By the time I was eight or so, my interest moved to Western instrumental music.''' ,'''I want to talk less and let the music speak for itself.''' ,'''Well yes, I think melody is still my forte.''' ,'''My father set a strict regimen for me. He insisted that I learn to play many musical instruments before I choose one.''' ,'''I am probably the only composer in South India who has delivered many superhit songs but was not considered a success.''' ,'''In Kerala, three of my movies release on the same day and interestingly I am the competitor for myself there.''' ,'''I believe in destiny. What has to come my way always does, sooner or later.''' ,'''I've composed music for many remakes and they've all come out much better than the original.''' ,'''I was lucky that I could work with directors like Kamal, Lal Jose and Sibi Malayil. They understood music and gave me a free hand.''' ,'''Since my childhood, I had a great liking for Karunanidhi and admired his writing skills.''' ,'''Madurai G. S. Mani was my guru, and later M. Balamuralikrishna taught me a lot.''' ,'''Though 'KK' is an urban film and has more scope for fast-paced numbers, I've made sure that there's a bit of melody in all the songs.''' ,'''I always compose on the harmonium.''' ,'''If you observe, all classic love songs have a tinge of melancholy that comes naturally with the composition.''' ,'''Doing background score for a film is not an easy task. It requires constant and deep learning and it is the only way to create a score with finesse.''' ,'''Of course, I can speak Malayalam.''' ,'''It is disappointing to find that music in Malayalam cinema is drifting away from its strong melody-base.''' ,'''With time, I've learnt that personal likes or dislikes don't count a lot.''' ,'''I was born in Vizianagaram but have lived all my life in Chennai.''' ,'''It is disappointing to note that you no longer find enough of melodious music in Malayalam films.''' ,'''I won the national award for the best music composer and also had the fortune of scoring music for songs penned by M. Karunanidhi for the movie 'Pasakiligal.'''' ,'''I listen to world music a lot.''' ,'''In all the background scores I do, I take care to see that the theme enriches the storyline and does not deviate from the mood of the scenes, context, characters and the entire movie.''' ,'''I am happy that my hard work in 'Chandramukhi' has been recognized well.''' ,'''Even Bollywood films set in rural areas have music with a western touch. So, this has resulted in listeners losing touch with their cultural roots.''' ,'''I like philharmonic music a lot. That kind of symphonic music has always been an integral part of the arrangements in many of my songs and background scores.''' ,'''I was thrilled when I was offered the opportunity to compose music for three songs penned by Karunanidhi in 'Paasakiligal.'''' ,'''Remember, the West's rock or pop was created for their languages, not ours.''' ,]
+++