+++
author = "Polo G"
title = "Polo G Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Polo G Quotes"
keywords = "polo g,polo g quotes,polo g quote,polo g sayings,polo g saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''On a good night, I probably make three songs, and none of them are full songs.''' ,'''If I wanted to play soccer, I'd step out on that soccer field like I'm the best soccer player. Even though I don't have that much experience, I always try to have that type of confidence in myself just to make people believe it.''' ,'''I knew when I left school, my stomach would probably hurt from having nothing to eat, and I would be going back to those same circumstances that were breaking me.''' ,'''I'm competing with myself to outdo previous achievements, but I can't feel any pressure from the fans, the media or the people at all because I know what I'm capable of.''' ,'''I didn't want my son to see the same things I had seen growing up or have to go through the same things I went through.''' ,'''There's so much stuff that you see every day that you want to talk about, but I'm not the type to open up, so the only way I could open up is through music.''' ,'''Since I was 9 years old, I knew how to make a song. But when I got older, I used it as a way to express myself.''' ,'''We run into police brutality often and it's always a problem that we always have to protest and speak out.''' ,'''The first song I ever recorded is called 'ODA' it was a thrilling experience. I was scared and anxious when I stepped into the booth. The more comfortable I got the more I enjoyed it.''' ,'''As far as the melodic style, I feel like I'm in my own lane.''' ,'''I can produce a rock record; if you want me to produce a street record, I can do that as well.''' ,'''I have to be responsible with my character, my image and my reputation.''' ,'''I feel like Chicago it's so different, we have a different story to tell, we are seeing these things happen in this city every day, and whether you participate in them or not, you see it and get influenced by it.''' ,'''I have only so many songs to choose from when I'm deciding on the album. So I learned that I'm a little slow as far as dishing out music, but I learned to be patient with myself and not rush anything.''' ,'''I put so much pressure on myself. I'm my toughest critic. I always push myself to go harder than I did last time.''' ,'''The same day I was supposed to go to college, I ended up hitting the studio and then poppin' out on the block after that.''' ,'''I secured Big Jam through my buzz in the city. My name got bigger and bigger throughout my 1st year of rapping.''' ,'''I just wanted to be able to say that I raised my kids and my family around a better environment than I was brought up in.''' ,'''I'm pretty good at delivering my songs, but I just want to perfect the craft by creating melodies.''' ,'''When the Chicago rap scene came about, I listened to all of the upcoming artists like Lil Durk, Chief Keef and G Herbo.''' ,'''I wanted to get people to feel where I'm coming from and connect with people who are feeling the same way that I am.''' ,'''Being from a place like Chicago you have so much pride in it, there's so many great things that come out of there, but to me not enough people from the city shine a spotlight on the good things that go on with us or the fact that we are innovative and set trends.''' ,'''Lil Wayne, that was one of my main influences, music-wise, because of his wordplay and metaphors.''' ,'''I'm versatile with my sound. I can switch it up a lot.''' ,'''I grew a strong passion for music. The more I did the music thing it's like I saw myself going far with it. I believed in myself.''' ,'''Music is so important. Because in Chicago it's up to us to tell the stories nobody else will.''' ,'''One thing I can say as far as people from black communities dealing with trauma or PTSD is putting some trauma centers or some type of therapy sessions and some after-school programs for the kids, so they can have a real outlet to express themselves.''' ,'''I go by the name of Polo G and I'm from the near North Side of Chicago, the 1300 block of Hudson Avenue.''' ,'''I've been a signed artist, but it's only been a full year-and-a-half. I'm still kind of new to money and this kind of lifestyle, so me being in a messed up predicament wasn't too long ago.''' ,'''I'm an old soul. When I was a kid all the kids would be playing and I would be sitting on the steps with the teachers just watching.''' ,'''I wanted to be a sports broadcaster like Stephen A. Smith.''' ,]
+++