+++
author = "Urmila Matondkar"
title = "Urmila Matondkar Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Urmila Matondkar Quotes"
keywords = "urmila matondkar,urmila matondkar quotes,urmila matondkar quote,urmila matondkar sayings,urmila matondkar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm often asked how I shoulder the responsibility of films, but I've always believed in taking risks.''' ,'''I am not fond of red meat.''' ,'''Media generally likes to generalise things, as it makes their life easy.''' ,'''I like Meryl Streep and Jodie Foster. Among Indian actress, I prefer Madhubala and Nutan.''' ,'''Actions should speak louder than words.''' ,'''I am a torchbearer of love and peace.''' ,'''I'm proud when my dance numbers are spoken about for my expressions and steps.''' ,'''I come from a well-educated and cultured, middle-class Maharashtrian family and have been brought up with social awareness.''' ,'''Dance is my passion, and I feel so strongly about it that just watching people dance lights up my face and makes me come alive.''' ,'''I like seafood like prawns and fish - I can live on prawns!''' ,'''I guess I have been daring and lucky with my roles.''' ,'''Dancing is never excruciating as preparing for it is. For instance, the song 'Chamma Chamma' had heavy outfits and even more heavy jewellery. 'Kambakht Ishq' was shot in extreme heat during the day and a rain sequence in the night, so we were literally drenched throughout the night.''' ,'''My mother's brother is a very good singer. My grandfather took up classical singing lessons and learnt to play the harmonium.''' ,'''An artiste's input, her ability to create dimensions within the given space is very important.''' ,'''My father was a banker, and my mother worked for the state government.''' ,'''A person is big if his work is big.''' ,'''Taking care of a border security is one of the issues that government has to manage. It is not to be politicised to win votes and gain sympathy.''' ,'''Before 'Rangeela' happened to me, all that was offered to me were song-and-dance roles.''' ,'''I've always been proud of being a Marathi mulgi, but just because I don't keep harping about it doesn't mean I do not bother about my Marathi people.''' ,'''I am completely in love with what I do.''' ,'''I want to do every kind of role with a reasonable amount of panache. I want to be a fair combination of style and substance.''' ,'''I have always tried to make life interesting for myself by doing different roles that connect mainstream cinema with its offbeat counterpart.''' ,'''I always thought that marriage needs to happen at the right time, for the right reasons, and with the right person.''' ,'''In Hindi films, there is a definite slot for every character and situation.''' ,'''I have tried to generate hope and trust as a person.''' ,'''I'm a very open-minded person.''' ,'''The first lesson of politics or, at least, democracy is that it is a government by the people and for the people, isn't it? What makes the person a big leader or a big name is only what the person has done for the people.''' ,'''I have been exposed to different kinds of Marathi and Hindi music, classical music, and English songs since childhood.''' ,'''Some people say heroines just have to look good and provide the glamour. Some say, from dance-n-song routines, heroines have come a long way. Today, the heroine's name adds weight to the film, though maybe they can't carry the whole film on their names. I believe, yes, we do contribute a lot to films.''' ,'''Being a star means doing the kind of work you want to do.''' ,'''Being a host is about being able to communicate and build up a rapport with the audience.''' ,'''Believe me, what I have done in 'Company' has never been attempted before.''' ,'''There aren't enough meaty roles for actresses. Also, most actresses aren't ready to take risks.''' ,'''There was a place I visited in Lahore that felt to me like old Delhi, and I'm sure Pakistanis who come from Lahore to Delhi feel the same.''' ,'''I value my stardom a lot. I always wanted to become an actress and have loved every minute of it.''' ,'''I've always done what was asked of me for a social cause. Tried to bring visibility to issues of health and education.''' ,''''Rangeela' was a very wonderful film, a great experience.''' ,'''I have been trolled for my name, my marriage, my religion, even for my mother.''' ,'''I never go public with my personal life.''' ,'''As stars, we need to take risks, and I was up for those challenges.''' ,'''Glamour is a very small aspect of being an actress.''' ,'''I don't know how well I can dance, but I'm in the best state of mind and body when I dance.''' ,'''As you grow older, maturity naturally comes to you. And it shows on your face. It's true not only about looks, but your maturity should also reflect in your performances.''' ,'''I was on stage from an early age. It always felt to me like something I was born to do.''' ,'''I find myself at my best when I am dancing.''' ,'''I always liked acting, but it was not that I was dying to become an actress. It just happened, and I am enjoying it.''' ,'''I've always been selective about my roles.''' ,'''Relationships need time and commitment.''' ,'''I want to do challenging roles which will create an interest among the audience.''' ,'''I had no godfather/godmother/filmi family backing me, but I made it only because I just believed in my talent, and my audience reposed their faith in me. So, I always say that my godfather in B-town has been my audience. Without them, I would be nowhere.''' ,'''Pakistani men are great-looking. Now I know where all the good looking men in the sub-continent are hiding!''' ,'''I am not naive or stupid enough to imagine that people are just going to look at my face and vote for me.''' ,'''Being with someone makes you happier and more content as a human being and takes your personality to greater heights and vice versa. And I don't think that's being too demanding.''' ,'''Though I am associated in the public mind with glamorous songs and dances, my appearance in 'Company' is in no way glamorous. Rather than rely on my body language, the number zooms in on my facial expressions.''' ,'''I like my work to speak. Actually, I would like my work to scream!''' ,'''I never considered politics as an option, not ever.''' ,'''I come from a background where we have been taught to give back to the society, as it is an obligation for all of us.''' ,'''In our own country, you can't divide people.''' ,'''To me, sex appeal means that when an actress is on the screen, she just engulfs the whole screen.''' ,'''There's a lot of scope for performing in masala movies.''' ,'''I respect the media, and in return, they respect my privacy.''' ,'''I have stuck my neck out to stand with a party whose ideologies are closest to mine.''' ,''''Masoom' was like a picnic for all of us. We kids just wanted to have fun acting in the film. We never realised when the film was completed. When we did, we realised the party was over.''' ,'''I have been known to do a lot of glamorous, glossy songs in A-lister set-ups. This was unlike that. 'Blackmail' is a gritty film, so the song is also very different from what I have done before.''' ,'''Nobody can link the success of a movie with a particular artiste.''' ,'''Stars have no say in the release of a film. There are too many factors involved.''' ,'''I am not scared of ghosts. I don't believe in ghosts or in the supernatural.''' ,'''I'm quite cool about my sex symbol image. It's nothing to be proud of or ashamed of.''' ,'''If an artiste has the conviction to carry something off, he or she can do anything.''' ,'''I am an actress, period.''' ,'''What I have done in 'Company' can't be defined.''' ,'''As long as I don't look down upon any characters, that's fine. The moment I do that - the moment I think I'm superior or that others are inferior - I'm finished as an artist and as a human being.''' ,'''We don't celebrate birthdays in our family; the money was always given towards social causes.''' ,'''I have never shied away from experimental roles.''' ,'''I guard my privacy zealously.''' ,'''I took risks, and I did pay a price for it. I was made to answer because a 'Kaun' can't do business like a popcorn entertainer or a romantic film would do.''' ,'''Once you are accepted as a star, as a good artiste, nothing else matters.''' ,'''I love song-and-dance films.''' ,'''Public adulation is the ultimate high.''' ,'''I thrive on cheese and champagne.''' ,'''I don't think there is anyone who cannot relate to music.''' ,'''I could have earned lots of crores by doing hundreds of more 'Rangeela' that came my way.''' ,'''Dance has been very close to my heart. I am very passionate about it.''' ,'''I never planned my career in the film industry, in acting. Yes, I always liked acting, but never ever I thought it would be my profession. I wanted to study, since my family has an academic background.''' ,'''For me, politics is giving your word, standing by it, and abiding by it no matter what.''' ,''''Rangeela' and 'Daud' are both exciting films. The songs, the music, the dances - they all blend so well.''' ,'''There's so much to do in life, and hopefully I will do it all.''' ,'''Few people know much about me. I've been so quiet that I'm known as a recluse.''' ,'''It's challenging to judge a TV show because you don't have any lines. You just have to be yourself.''' ,'''Just because of 'Rangeela' and 'Daud,' it can't be said that I am a sex symbol.''' ,'''A man who does not approach me because of my screen image or is intimidated by me is probably not being worth approached by.''' ,'''Yes, I'm dangerous. But only in my movies!''' ,'''I don't think about how many times how many heroines have said 'I love you' to how many heroes on screen and that I am also doing the same. It is how differently I can say the same thing in my own style or how I can bring a new element into it.''' ,'''I am a complete Aquarian, a total romantic.''' ,'''I haven't necessarily joined politics to become a leader but because it was the need of the time.''' ,'''My private life is always under scrutiny. Each and every action is analysed and re-analysed.''' ,'''My husband is as much a proud Muslim as I am a proud Hindu. That's the beauty of our nation - and our marriage, too.''' ,'''My life has been inspired by Mahatma Gandhi from the days of my childhood.''' ,'''I don't like cooking and don't cook until I am forced to. Then I expect everyone around to appreciate what I dish out.''' ,'''I would like to do films where I will be remembered after people leave the theatres.''' ,]
+++