+++
author = "Naturi Naughton"
title = "Naturi Naughton Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Naturi Naughton Quotes"
keywords = "naturi naughton,naturi naughton quotes,naturi naughton quote,naturi naughton sayings,naturi naughton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was a cheerleader in high school, but I love to play basketball.''' ,'''As a black actress you've got to work doubly hard. But it doesn't ever get me to the point where I give up on myself. It just motivates me to be more prepared, focus and disciplined. That's why I care so much about doing black films and making sure that we represent and are represented correctly.''' ,'''For my first role, I had to audition five times. I've gotten a lot of no's and rejections. But I just had to keep working hard. I took classes; I worked on my craft and continued to work with an acting coach and just didn't give up on myself.''' ,'''I'm a true singer who grew up singing in church, so I love singing my heart out.''' ,'''I definitely want my career to continue to branch out. I've had the pleasure of working in different areas of entertainment, from being in the music business as a teenager in a girl group to doing Broadway for three years in 'Hairspray,' and also doing TV and film.''' ,'''I love to write music and poetry.''' ,'''I think sometimes if you let it all hang out, it makes you a target.''' ,'''I used to be obsessed with 'Boss.'''' ,'''I love to push myself! Stepping outside of my comfort zone is what will make me a better artist.''' ,'''I don't just want to be a cute girl in a comedy or the actress who just does the same thing over and over again. I want to play roles that are distinct. I want to have a more varied career like actresses Viola Davis or Angela Bassett - those are the people that I grew up watching and admiring.''' ,'''I was pretty young when I decided I wanted to, well, more so be a singer. I started singing in church in my hometown, East Orange, New Jersey. I knew when I was about five or six that I wanted to be a performer.''' ,'''Growing up, all my friends used to say 'Naturi, you are so dramatic!' and I would think to myself, 'Thank you!'''' ,'''Oh, you know, I think it was definitely a little pressure, to remake something like 'Fame'.''' ,'''I feel like being pregnant and entering this new stage has made me stronger and more excited about life in general. Everything seems so much more purposeful.''' ,'''My whole life has been about working and being in the girl group and being on stage and being an actress, but now I get to really enjoy a bigger purpose, which is motherhood, so I'm really excited.''' ,'''I work out and go to the gym, but I still enjoy my soul food and snacks. But I'm a pretty petite young woman, and I just do everything in moderation and make sure that I just keep everything together.''' ,'''Professionally, I want to be remembered for how hard I worked and how I put my heart and soul into my work. Personally, I want people to remember my heart.''' ,'''When I booked 'Hairspray,' I really didn't have a support system other than my family and friends.''' ,'''I feel truly blessed to be one of the many black women who are leading ladies on television.''' ,'''I want to be back on Broadway one day. That's a dream of mine. There's nothing like live theater, and I think it's so important for me to be able to be on stage with an audience that responds.''' ,'''If I think something is wrong, I'm going to say it.''' ,'''I truly admire President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.''' ,'''I want to give my daughter that Caribbean influence. But also, just being a black girl in this country, I want her to grow up with culture and confidence, and with love.''' ,'''One thing I'm passionate about is directing. I've always wanted to direct.''' ,'''Family is hugely important to me, because like I said, it takes a village to raise a child. That's my theme. That's how I really feel about life.''' ,'''Starting in music, where I get a chance to connect with the lyrics of a song, I learned so much about performing on stage and connecting to your audience and to what you're singing about. Singing is very emotional. Every song has its own purpose.''' ,'''Starz is a network that's going for the content that's extremely honest and pushing the envelope and is provocative.''' ,'''A lot of people don't know, but I love soul food. I love fried chicken and pork chops, all of that.''' ,'''I think a lot of young people don't realize the price of fame is a lot higher than they imagine.''' ,'''To me, singing and acting have always gone hand and hand.''' ,'''When I was coming up, we didn't have the movement of Black Girl Magic or Black Girls Rock, but my parents made it their business to make sure I saw positive images of myself and celebrated images of black women.''' ,'''I love Aretha Franklin, Patti LaBelle, and The Supremes, because I'm kind of old-school at heart.''' ,'''I hike quite a bit when I'm in L.A., so that helps me clear my head. But usually I recharge by going to church, having family dinners, girls' night out, or just simply relaxing at home watching one of my favorite movies.''' ,'''Singing is my passion and something that I still love to do and I'm always going to want to do it.''' ,'''One of my biggest inspirations growing up was Whitney Houston, so I was devastated to hear about her passing. I'm from East Orange, New Jersey, and started singing at New Hope Baptist Church, so she was like my fellow Jersey girl.''' ,'''I was excited to play Lil' Kim and I wanted to do the role justice. I worked really hard on that role, whether it was performing the rhymes, studying the dialect, her swagger and her stage performances. I wanted people to see my range and stretch my wings as an actress.''' ,'''Singers have a lot in common with actors because you have to dig deep into a song and show the audience what you are feeling as you sing.''' ,'''I want to do stories that inspire people.''' ,]
+++