+++
author = "Richard Krajicek"
title = "Richard Krajicek Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Richard Krajicek Quotes"
keywords = "richard krajicek,richard krajicek quotes,richard krajicek quote,richard krajicek sayings,richard krajicek saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are a lot of good memories, and because I was injured, during the rehab, I met my wife. The tennis was very good but the injuries were good for something too.''' ,'''Roddick can challenge him as well if he serves big consistently for the entire match. If he does that, then he is tough to break even for a guy like Federer.''' ,'''I was serving good but was returning especially well, which was a weakness in my game. So not only was I serving well, but I was also breaking these other guys, and they felt the pressure.''' ,'''I may have exaggerated a bit when I said that 80 per cent of the top 100 women are fat pigs. What I meant to say was 75 per cent of the top 100 women are fat pigs.''' ,'''Now that I have retired, and even though I wanted to play more, I can always look back and say that at least I won Wimbledon; also, winning the tournament in Rotterdam in 1995.''' ,'''Safin, in his way, is very talented. It is a joy to watch them play; it is tennis of a very high quality.''' ,'''For the first couple of years I played really bad tennis. It was so bad that they booed me off the court.''' ,'''But the problem with coaching is that it is a full-time job. By that I mean for at least 40 weeks in a year you have to be with the player, either travelling or training. Right now I don't want to do that.''' ,'''I always liked serve-and-volley players and big athletes.''' ,'''But, then, Sampras won Wimbledon six times and that automatically puts him among the greatest.''' ,'''Federer can be the best ever; he has the potential. The only question is whether he has the desire.''' ,'''Hewitt is such a fighter on the court; he never gives up. They all have qualities to beat him.''' ,'''But, then again, I had to stop because there was too much pain or too much trouble. After I retired I still had one more elbow surgery just to be able to do normal things.''' ,'''Guys like John McEnroe, Bjorn Borg and Stefan Edberg were also very good grass court players.''' ,'''But in 2000, the injuries really started to kick in and my elbow gave a lot of problems. At the end of the year I had to take 20 months off before I could come back into the game.''' ,'''But Pete had the desire to play at the highest level for so many years. That is very difficult, mentally.''' ,'''Maybe, one other match better; but if you look at the tournament as a whole, I played very high quality tennis for seven matches and raised my game when I needed to.''' ,'''I don't think anybody was ever up 6-2 and would lose the tiebreaker.''' ,'''Roddick has good presence on the court and has so much adrenalin.''' ,'''Contrasting styles is always the most fun to watch.''' ,'''My father's coaching Misha and I just might help from time to time.''' ,]
+++