+++
author = "Jan De Bont"
title = "Jan De Bont Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Jan De Bont Quotes"
keywords = "jan de bont,jan de bont quotes,jan de bont quote,jan de bont sayings,jan de bont saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I really believe action will always be there and will never disappear.''' ,'''We're all complex human beings, and if some of that complexity shows through, I think it's advantageous for the movie.''' ,'''One of the most amazing locations I've ever been is the top of the volcano in Tanzania, Africa. It's an actual volcano where you really have this lava every day.''' ,'''Lara Croft is such a strong individual, she's very driven, she doesn't need a man, she's speaks her own mind, and that she's in control of her own life. It's a lot of what women want and have.''' ,'''When I heard about the first Tomb Raider, I was very interested and I would have liked to have directed that. When I was approached for the second film, I was delighted.''' ,'''It's always an enormous pressure when you do a sequel. The demands are so high, and it's expensive.''' ,'''In regards to The Haunting, people compared it to the old movie, which is unfair. We didn't have the rights to the movie. I couldn't duplicate a single thing because that would have been legal infringement.''' ,'''The bad guys are not typical; they are not just bad, they are interesting. They might be good or bad.''' ,'''We're surrounded by violence, and we see so much of it on TV, especially the news programs. We almost become numb. And that forces filmmakers to try to outdo themselves... They say, 'Look what I can do,' and it becomes like a showoff thing. To me, that's ridiculous. Filmmaking isn't a contest!''' ,'''I think there are a lot more relationship scenes in my movies that people tend to overlook. A lot of scenes really feel real and are about the characters.''' ,'''As a director, you try to find what is creative.''' ,'''This film, Tomb Raider 2, is a big challenge. It's quite exhausting.''' ,'''We are creating a fabulous franchise with an incredible female action hero.''' ,'''Being in an area of the planet where scientists believe mankind started is quite amazing.''' ,'''I think what makes a good action film is a story that gets you involved. Just action, by itself, is not going to work.''' ,'''I worked on movies with a lot of violence when I was a cinematographer, and it always bothered me. It's a personal thing. I wouldn't want my kids to see it. I certainly believe that freedom of expression shouldn't be taken away, but I also believe you can make movies that are thrilling and exciting without too much violence.''' ,'''I think the audience would like to see movies that are stunning to watch. I really think they'd like to see spectacles.''' ,'''Technology is a major tool in exploring and challenging your creativity, but it can also overtake your creativity... My mind goes very fast, and I can see all kinds of images that would be spectacular on the screen. But they would cost so much money, and would they really make the story that much better?''' ,'''Summer movies are spectacles; that's what you pay 10 dollars to see. You want to get teased by effects sometimes. I think that will never stop.''' ,'''I had a very strong-willed mother, who I totally adored. She was always in control of her life.''' ,'''Using my imagination and creativity is exciting to me.''' ,'''Angelina wanted to make sure that any fighting in the movie would be comparable to any male actor. Everything from stick fighting to horse riding was real to her.''' ,'''The quality of CGI, audiences are now so used to it. They don't know what is CGI and what is real.''' ,]
+++