+++
author = "Dwight Gayle"
title = "Dwight Gayle Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Dwight Gayle Quotes"
keywords = "dwight gayle,dwight gayle quotes,dwight gayle quote,dwight gayle sayings,dwight gayle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Hopefully I will get as many goals as I can and help the team out any way I can whether it's assisting, scoring, working hard or getting the team up the pitch.''' ,'''I'm quite good at finishing, I suppose.''' ,'''I'm quite quick, and I'm going to give my all and work hard for the team, and try my best every game.''' ,'''I was working for a lot of years before I turned professional, and that experience makes you understand a bit more about life.''' ,'''There's no point in getting too focused on other team's results, otherwise we'll forget to get the result ourselves and then we'll be struggling.''' ,'''That was probably the biggest shock I had in my career, coming from League Two to the Championship.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I have done the best in scoring goals, but I have developed my game in a different way.''' ,'''Sometimes I have to sit and look back and think how far I've gone.''' ,'''I love 'Harry Potter.'''' ,'''When I was starting out, I was lucky if I was playing in front of 500. They were still good days though!''' ,'''From Stansted I signed for Dagenham and went on loan to Bishop's Stortford.''' ,'''It's nice to come and play my football here at The Hawthorns.''' ,'''It's the most important thing, staying in the Premier League.''' ,'''I am all for new signings.''' ,'''At times I perhaps get a bit frustrated because I maybe don't get to touch the ball as much as I want, but when I do get to touch the ball, it's obviously in good positions and I'm scoring so I can't really argue.''' ,'''I was a carpenter doing office refurbs and door frames. I'd get up at 5 A. M. and get the train to London. I'd work for eight hours a day with my dad.''' ,'''It's always nice to have the young boys in; they give a little bit of banter. But it's important to have the older guys to settle things down when you're in sticky situations.''' ,'''You just need to go in, try your best and you just need a bit of luck at the same time.''' ,'''I want to carry on enjoying my football, so I just need to keep working hard.''' ,'''I followed Man United growing up, and still have a little feeling for them I suppose. I still enjoy watching them.''' ,'''Dagenham offered me a two-year opportunity really. It wasn't a pro deal, just a chance to impress. I was sent out on loan straight away. I got a professional contract on the back of that and it wasn't until I started scoring in League Two that I actually realized, 'I'm professional footballer.'''' ,'''I want to prove myself in the Premier League.''' ,'''League Two still has a non-league feel about it.''' ,'''I studied carpentry for three years and passed all my qualifications. If it wasn't for football then I would still be doing that. I honestly really enjoyed it.''' ,'''I need to do more and I need to get more minutes and help out the team a lot more, I know I need to do that.''' ,'''After the first couple of games I hadn't scored and you start putting an extra bit of pressure on yourself, and the longer that goes I think it becomes more difficult.''' ,'''When I go back to see some mates and go back to watch my old teams, you just notice how far you've come, and that's when you really cherish it that bit more.''' ,'''I think the moment it all changed was when I went to Peterborough. I remember finding out that I was going there on loan, and I was shocked really. That was the big step for me. I thought I was doing alright at Dagenham, but I didn't even think I was doing that great there.''' ,'''I just need to try to work harder, and prove to the gaffer that I can be in the starting XI.''' ,'''I rely on balls behind.''' ,'''At Stansted I didn't get paid. There was the occasional... well an old man there who used to give me a fiver if I scored the winning goal!''' ,'''Obviously, Mitro and I both wanted the number 9 shirt, so the manager said that a shooting competition was the easiest way to decide it. But then, before we went out to training, Mitro just said 'here, Dwight, you have it'. That was it, really. It was a really nice gesture - very mature of him - and it was a sign of togetherness.''' ,'''I like to know where I'm going to be for the next few years and settle in a bit more.''' ,'''If I'm being totally honest, I'd pretty much given up on turning pro. I don't think I'd totally given up on the dream, but I'd accepted that it probably wasn't going to happen.''' ,'''Newcastle has a massive fan base and a great history so it is amazing to be here.''' ,'''You dream of scoring hat-tricks and scoring last minute winners when you are young.''' ,'''I remember when I was walking upstairs to sign for Newcastle, seeing some of the things going up that I saw outside was a bit of a dream come true for me. When St James' Park is fully packed I will be a bit shocked in those first few games, but this is a great club and I am looking forward to it.''' ,'''When you're moving your whole family you've got kids who've got to change nurseries, or schools for the older ones.''' ,'''Any game in the Championship is going to be difficult.''' ,'''When things go against you, you just need to keep your focus and work towards the win.''' ,'''The first thing a striker wants to do in the Championship is set a target of about 20. After each game I will take the next as it goes and see how that target goes.''' ,'''When you don't have your best results or best performances, you want to get back out there as soon as you can to get it out of your system.''' ,'''I'd done a sports diploma at college and three years studying carpentry, it made me appreciate things. But I honestly think it helped not going down the academy route. I had to work harder for everything.''' ,'''I will work hard on the training ground and hopefully do what I can to the best of my ability. The rest will take care of itself.''' ,'''To be playing in the Premier League from where I've come from is a big achievement.''' ,'''Most of my goals have come at home and it shows how we thrive on the fans' support.''' ,'''David Beckham was from round my area so he was a bit of an idol for myself.''' ,'''At the end of your career, you're going to look back at the match balls and be buzzing about them.''' ,'''It's fantastic to play up front being supplied by the players behind me.''' ,'''I played Sunday junior football for 6-7 years. Then I was at Stansted for two years between 19 and 21.''' ,]
+++