+++
author = "Skeet Ulrich"
title = "Skeet Ulrich Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Skeet Ulrich Quotes"
keywords = "skeet ulrich,skeet ulrich quotes,skeet ulrich quote,skeet ulrich sayings,skeet ulrich saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As an actor, you want to keep your demons to some extent, but you also have to exorcise them so you can use them instead of them using you.''' ,'''Whatever labels are being pinned on me have nothing to do with me.''' ,'''I think I'm extremely vulnerable and that in some ways I seek out rejection. Never feeling like you're getting that pat on the back from dad is probably at the heart of that.''' ,'''There's been a boiling down of real emotion into a set pattern instead of individualism.''' ,'''My problem with interviews, one day I'll think one thing, and the next day I'll think the exact opposite.''' ,'''I think when someone becomes an actor, people say, Aw, you could see it in him when he was little. But I think you can see that quality in every little kid.''' ,'''I was nicknamed Skeeter in Little League because I was small and fast, like a mosquito flying across the outfield.''' ,'''There's a lot of reasons you can think of to say why you act, but I can only say that it just felt good. At the same time, it felt really painful. It's still troubling and stressful to me.''' ,'''I would take William H. Macy as a teacher any day of the week. He's incredible. He's got a lot of hard-earned experience.''' ,'''I get to play a killer next.''' ,'''I had gone to school to study marine biology.''' ,'''The whole Indian thing, I always say it's really the American holocaust. It's something we need to look at.''' ,'''I'm not the most talkative guy in the world.''' ,'''The Native American side was tragic. It's just unbelievable what has happened to them.''' ,'''I guess I'm a little charmed. I never thought this would happen so quick.''' ,'''As a kid I used to pretend I was John Denver, of all people, and play the guitar and sing Take Me Home, Country Roads.''' ,'''I'm an actor, coming from New York theater.''' ,'''I think people could justify labeling me if they saw a pattern in what I do, but right now that's impossible.''' ,'''Everybody else has been seen, been proven.''' ,'''Any time I got in emotional turmoil, I felt sick all the time, like at any minute I would die.''' ,'''Ultimately, it's a pretty confusing moment.''' ,'''My mom's been married three times; my dad has been married a lot. I didn't really see my dad that much.''' ,'''Ambiguity in directors is a hard thing to deal with.''' ,'''In this business, you're either Brad Pitt right away, or you're already going down the ladder.''' ,'''I think you have to refill the well at some point.''' ,'''Because of the need to remove all modernism, we stayed in the middle of nowhere all day long, living out of tents. It was cold. It definitely set the scene.''' ,'''I scored a 910 on my SAT. I didn't care about education. I don't know what I cared about.''' ,'''I don't use the techniques I learned at NYU much anymore.''' ,'''What's the classical moment that every actor or actress deals with? A tragic thing. They get that blank, faraway look in their eyes. But in life, it's not that way.''' ,'''I didn't even go to my prom. I didn't have one date in high school.''' ,'''Everyone's really lazy in L.A.''' ,'''I feel like I want to crawl out of my skin, especially when people start questioning me.''' ,'''I grew up in a small farming town called Concord, outside Charlotte in North Carolina.''' ,'''The more you understand me, the less characters I can play.''' ,'''People said, That's great for your career, but what have you done? I kept feeling I had to defend myself.''' ,]
+++