+++
author = "Roger Stone"
title = "Roger Stone Quotes"
quotes_len = "104"
description = "the best 104 Roger Stone Quotes"
keywords = "roger stone,roger stone quotes,roger stone quote,roger stone sayings,roger stone saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you're more interested in looking like a hipster, a jazz musician, or a young hunk, I'd recommend the pork pie. It has a narrow brim and a flat top.''' ,'''A 527 doesn't have a wife. It doesn't have a brother-in-law who knows a lot about politics, or a union president who calls and doesn't like the color of the suit, or bimbo eruptions. It's the perfect candidate, because it has no personal characteristics.''' ,'''The ascot connotes informality. It is something one might wear at a cocktail party in one's own flat but is not something you wear out in public.''' ,'''A word about blue jeans, which, when I was growing up, were called dungarees, one of the more unfortunate marketing ideas of our time: Starting as a work garment for miners, the ubiquitous blue jeans became a staple of the counterculture starting when Brando wore them in 'On the Waterfront' and remained so through the anti-war protests of the '70s.''' ,'''In the rough and tumble world of business, media, or politics, the black knitted tie is indeed indispensable.''' ,'''Above all, avoid the Indiana Jones fedora. It's very yesterday, and if you wear a black one, you might be mistaken for an Orthodox Jew.''' ,'''I am a Reagan Republican.''' ,'''Socks must be at least an 18-percent synthetic blend to insure they don't droop, because droopy socks that show calf are worse than short socks that do the same.''' ,'''In 1981, when he ran for governor, I confiscated the needlepoint belts of New Jersey's Tom Kean. It's a patrician look that is right for the Vineyard, Nantucket, Darien, Greenwich, Charleston and Savannah.''' ,'''Hillary Clinton is excoriating Donald Trump over Trump University? The Clinton scandal at Laureate Education, a for-profit education chain of schools and colleges operating world-wide, including the United States, is much worse.''' ,'''If you're not controversial, you'll never break through the din of all the commentary.''' ,'''Unless you are a lawyer or Fortune 500 CEO, carrying a briefcase is, well, nerdy.''' ,'''John McCain has taken tens of millions of dollars from special interests and lobbyists in his senate and presidential campaigns. Now, we have to wonder if he will be able to remain objective on national security matters, as millions pour into his 'charity' from oppressive foreign governments.''' ,'''The Homburg makes a man look prosperous.''' ,'''Trump is the toughest guy I've ever met, and I've known some killers. His movement is bigger than the Republican Party, and he knows it.''' ,'''Unless you can fake sincerity, you'll get nowhere in this business.''' ,'''The straps that suspend a man's trousers from his shoulders - known in the U.S. as 'suspenders' and in Britain as 'braces' - are always correct with a summer suit made of seersucker, linen, or silk.''' ,'''There is nothing - nothing - worse than seeing ankle or a hairy calf when a man in a suit or trousers sits down.''' ,'''Plush velvet conjures up kings and opulence.''' ,''''The New York Times' breathlessly writes about the left-of-center Americans Elect being a 'new third party,' but we already have a third party: the Libertarian Party.''' ,'''A man can - and should - spend hours trying on jeans and finding the cut for your body type.''' ,'''When wearing a trench coat, you're allowed to act like Humphrey Bogart when he was detective Sam Spade.''' ,'''The general election is not an organizational exercise - it's a mass media exercise.''' ,'''What sets seersucker apart from other materials? It's the 'coolest' material to wear in hot and humid weather. 'Coolest,' as in temperature, and 'coolest' as in hip, baby! There is nothing like it.''' ,'''Anyone who listens to the Nixon White House would recognize that Nixon, who was in the Navy, was no stranger to profanity.''' ,'''There are more dog owners in America than there are conservatives.''' ,'''Manbags are only acceptable if you are Italian, French, or gay.''' ,'''Americans are about to discover Governor Gary Johnson and his Freedom Agenda. They are going to like what they find.''' ,'''As an entertainer, Justin Timberlake has learned from the past. He can cradle a mic stand like Elvis Presley, move like Michael Jackson, and swoon like Frank Sinatra.''' ,'''An ascot is never a substitute for a well-tied four-in-hand tie or a slightly disheveled bow tie.''' ,'''Few remember that Trump was among the first in the country to recognize the danger of radical Islam.''' ,'''If you have to drag somebody to register, they're not highly motivated.''' ,'''There is something urbane, stylish, and worldly about owning a cocktail shaker.''' ,'''In this business, if you don't pay your debts you're finished.''' ,'''Stoutly pro-tax-cut and libertarian on social issues like abortion, Trump is a Republican with the business know-how to turn the country's economy around.''' ,'''In the 1930s, anyone of any sophisticated status owned a cocktail shaker. Distinctive ones are easy to find.''' ,'''There is no article of men's clothing that can make a man look more like a douche than the ascot. There are, however, a few men who can pull it off. Context is everything.''' ,'''A black or royal blue velvet blazer will look great with a pair of jeans and a black or navy turtleneck sweater - though it's a more casual look.''' ,'''Of course a lot of the journalists hated Nixon, but they were always blown away by how smart he was.''' ,'''Traditionally, Young Republicans have been a leading indicator of the direction of the party.''' ,'''Cruz named Former Texas Senator Phil Gramm as his economic guru. This guy virtually crashed the U.S. economy. Gramm is largely responsible for two bills which led to the speculative bubble which popped in September 2008.''' ,'''I remember going through the cafeteria line and telling every kid that Nixon was in favor of school on Saturdays. It was my first political trick.''' ,'''In 2000, Trump could have won the Reform Party nomination. I chaired his presidential exploratory committee.''' ,'''There is no excuse for a well-dressed gent to wilt in the warm months.''' ,'''Not every man can wear jeans.''' ,'''Laureate is a highly leveraged failing investment whose principal beneficiaries are Wall Street fat cats and billionaires - and William Jefferson Clinton.''' ,'''The proper navy blue blazer can be single or double-breasted and looks best in a three-button style. The proper blazer requires side-vents. Italian versions can have no vent at all, but I find this a bit fast.''' ,'''Those who are outraged will vote.''' ,'''Never wear a button-down collared shirt with a double-breasted suit. The more formal double-breasted suit looks best with the more formal spread or long-point collar.''' ,'''The very best khakis are made by Bills Khakis.''' ,'''Jeans are never appropriate for business unless you are a artist or cowpuncher.''' ,'''Young Republicans are a very, very important constituency. Along with little old ladies, they provide the foot soldiers for the Republican Party.''' ,'''Let's be very clear, if you check the F.E.C. records you will see I am supporting George W. Bush.''' ,'''Money is speech. It's incongruous to say a multimillionaire can spend as much on his own campaign as he wants, but you can only give $2,300. His free speech rights are different from yours, thus violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution. It's absurd.''' ,'''I oppose the spending of trillions in Iraq and Afghanistan, I strongly oppose Islamic extremism but don't believe that sending troops to die in two unwinnable wars makes sense.''' ,'''Let's face it: most jerks trying to affect an ascot look like Thurston Howell III.''' ,'''Yellow looks good with a brown suit, but then, a brown suit never looks good.''' ,'''Anthony Weiner is a crafty and worthy adversary - an unrepentant lefty who is usually a savvy media player.''' ,'''You can't wake up one day and say 'I'm for gay marriage,' and wake up the next day and say 'I'm against it.' Wake up one day and say, 'I'm pro-choice,' and the next day wake up and say, 'I'm pro-life.' There's no credibility there.''' ,'''Every man's closet must contain a trench coat. It's hard for any gentleman not to look dashing when clad in this swashbuckling style.''' ,'''Stone's Rules exist because sometimes the truth is too painful, and the lies will land you in prison.''' ,'''Cold weather probably played a bigger role in bringing back the hat, but sadly, the hat common to New Jersey guidos, South Carolina rednecks, Idaho potato farmers and Los Angeles gang bangers is the ubiquitous 'tractor hat,' which is derived from the cheap baseball style cap with the adjustable plastic tab.''' ,'''I get blamed for things I have nothing to do with.''' ,'''I'm a total Republican, but I've never claimed to be a Christian-right conservative. They're a large but dwindling part of the Party.''' ,'''The Establishment on both the Left and the Right, who want to disenfranchise the millions of Republican voters who support Donald Trump, have blamed the staged riots near Trump rallies on Trump or on Bernie Sanders. That's like blaming the Russians for the Reichstag Fire.''' ,'''I believe the GOP should pitch its big-top tent around fiscal conservatism and a muscular foreign policy rather than carnival bark outside the sideshow tents of gay marriage and reproductive choice.''' ,'''The pocket square, properly contrived, finishes a man's look. With good tailoring and well chosen neckwear, the look connotes power, taste, refinement, manners. The naked pocket connotes the opposite: working class, tasteless, base, crude, ignorant.''' ,'''The biggest attraction with wearing seersucker has to be its rumpled look. This is because seersucker has a lack of inherent structure.''' ,'''I am a Libertarian Republican in the Goldwater style.''' ,'''How can you be conservative and justify wiretapping people without a warrant? We're supposed to be the party of personal freedom and civil liberties.''' ,'''The longer khakis are owned and the more they are washed, the softer and more comfortable they become.''' ,'''A seersucker suit is one of the most iconic styles dating from the 1920s and is still a gentleman's best bet when it's hot and sticky.''' ,'''Every well-dressed gentleman must have an all-cotton oxford cloth button-down shirt from Brooks Brothers.''' ,'''Khaki trousers soon became the province of hipsters like Jack Kerouac and Miles Davis. They were taken to new heights by Ralph Lauren, who helped popularize them among college professors and preppy men.''' ,'''As ambassador to China, Huntsman never publicly objected to Obama's trade policy, which allows China to take advantage of us - something that Donald Trump highlighted. Challenging Obama on China is one of the keys to beating him.''' ,'''I never owned a pair of blue jeans until I met my second wife.''' ,'''Burberry makes the best version of the traditional trench coat, which can have a zipper and button-in lining for colder climes. The belt, which comes standard, should never be buckled but must be casually knotted at the waist.''' ,'''Timberlake was once a boy-band idol with mismatched baggy attire and the curly, frosted locks of a Cabbage Patch Kid doll. His early fashion missteps included a full denim costume complete with rhinestones and a cowboy hat, and for a time, his hair was twisted in cornrows.''' ,'''Nothing shows both polish and utility like the nattily tucked pocket handkerchief or 'pocket square' in the breast pocket of a man's blazer, sport coat, or suit jacket.''' ,'''Politics with me isn't theater. It's performance art. Sometimes, for its own sake.''' ,'''The reason I'm a Nixonite is because of his indestructibility and resilience. He never quit.''' ,'''Your cocktail shaker can be smooth chrome or hammered aluminum. It must both conduct cold and look sophisticated at the same time.''' ,'''Nothing ruins the lines of a suit or blazer and makes you look more like a doofus than when your pockets are crammed with stuff - a wallet, a cell phone, keys, a calculator, a calendar, pens, etc.''' ,'''Big brother listening in on your phone calls - I got a problem with that.''' ,'''Look at the greatest dressers in history - Philadelphia socialite and diplomat Angier Biddle Duke, Sir Anthony Eden, Fred Astaire, the Duke of Windsor, John F. Kennedy, and Gary Cooper - they all sport the well placed pocket adornment.''' ,'''As someone who cares about human rights, I am deeply dismayed to learn that Mr. McCain's charity has accepted money from Saudi Arabia. Their track record of oppressing women, gays, Christians, and political opponents is notoriously horrific.''' ,'''You can't be the candidate and the campaign manager.''' ,'''Lots of hardworking, blue-collar people across America have lost their jobs since the 1990s - victims of the globalist policies of the Bushes and Clintons.''' ,'''I do a lot of referendums. They can't talk back. They don't have wives. They don't have friends who tell you how to run the campaign. They are supported by special interests, so there's a lot of money in them.''' ,'''Bass Weejuns are the Cordovan black or brown penny loafers originally called Norwegian Loafers, hence their name. Worn without socks in the spring and summer, they must be kept to a high-gloss polish and should become burnished with wax over time until they have a fine patina.''' ,'''Never, never, never should the pocket square be of the same pattern as your ties. You are not 'Reverend Ike.'''' ,'''Donald Trump would make a great president.''' ,'''A Brooks Brothers button-down with an unfastened collar, rolled-up sleeves, and jeans makes for a comfortable, casual look.''' ,'''Obviously a candidate has to be held responsible for the words that come out of his mouth, regardless of where they came from.''' ,'''American soldiers wore khaki uniforms during World War II. Men's khaki trousers became fashionable after the war, as homecoming GI's decided to continue wearing the soft, comfortable pants in their civilian capacities.''' ,'''I like the new, cool, swinging Justin Timberlake.''' ,'''Never wear a seersucker suit straight off the rack. It's going to look shapeless and droopy. If you're going to sport seersucker, whether a jacket, trousers or a full suit, have it fitted. A nice, custom, tailored fit makes all the difference in the world.''' ,'''The John McCain tactic of praising Obama as a great American and great senator 'with whom I disagree' is a loser. You've got to call him out as what he is - a fraud and a disaster.''' ,'''The dress hat took a nosedive after the dashing JFK showed up at his inauguration bareheaded. Suddenly, a chapeau was no longer de rigueur for any man leaving the house.''' ,'''There are a few things a true gentleman cannot live without. The black silk knitted square-bottom tie is just such an indispensable item. No true gentlemen would be without one.''' ,'''Nobody ever built a statue to a committee.''' ,'''In burgundy, a well-cut and properly tailored velvet blazer looks dashing with gray flannels and a cashmere sweater or a sleek, solid velvet tie.''' ,'''Of course ankle length socks are cheaper, but they don't cover the lower leg as hosiery should.''' ,'''In most matters regarding apparel, I am a big fan of natural fibers - wool, cotton, and so on. Not when it comes to socks. An elastic fiber of some type is necessary.''' ,]
+++