+++
author = "Desiigner"
title = "Desiigner Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Desiigner Quotes"
keywords = "desiigner,desiigner quotes,desiigner quote,desiigner sayings,desiigner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The biggest challenge for me is just knowing how to calm down.''' ,'''Meeting Kanye West was a blessing.''' ,'''I never had a job. I never saw myself working for corporate business.''' ,'''At school, I'd be the dude singing to the girls, always up in the auditorium, in the lunch room singing Christmas carols, in the halls between class. I was always singing, and same thing with my grandfather. The apple doesn't fall too far from the tree; you know how that goes.''' ,'''Me and Kanye work awesome together. He's a creative man, I'm a creative man, we put our ideas together, it's like the perfect formula.''' ,'''I love to, you know, just inspire people however they wanna take it.''' ,'''My job was to entertain. I've always seen myself in the entertainment realm.''' ,'''You'd be surprised what you'd catch on my playlist.''' ,'''I was always on my swag since I was younger.''' ,'''I played the sax at school. I was in marching band.''' ,'''Music always lived with me, like a family tradition.''' ,'''Choirs, auditions, talent shows, I was doing it all.''' ,'''You can catch me in whatever's funky, whatever's got that swag. If it's got that swag, I'm putting it on.''' ,'''Before 'Panda,' I had a buzz already.''' ,'''The work ethic behind everything Kanye does is crazy. It's greatness. He told me, 'We're not just rappers, we're artists.'''' ,'''I came from the projects. So there were times I'd wake up at night, and my palms would be itching to get out. But no matter where I was, I always looked at the stars, because there's nothing ugly about the sky. That was my escape.''' ,'''Big ups to him, big ups to Future. I actually like Future's music. I like his music, you feel me. I'm not a hater or a critic on him, you know, I do me. God bless him, God bless me.''' ,'''I'm here to actually deliver art and deliver the creation, you know, wherever the music brings somebody.''' ,'''I can't step outside my house now - everybody knows my face.''' ,'''The minute they gave me number one, I went to the studio. I was ready to give y'all something else. I was going 120 miles an hour.''' ,'''Everybody in my family sings. We were either in a choir, or there was something going on at home where we were singing.''' ,'''I want to do a big donation to the pandas for all the panda lovers out there.''' ,'''I don't like to rush my music.''' ,'''I don't put nothing out if it's not ready.''' ,'''My dad worked on ambulances for a while; my mother had a lot of different jobs with the city.''' ,'''I went from selling everything to saying, 'I ain't gonna sell that. Can't do it.' It wasn't working for me, so I was just like, 'Yo, I'm going to sell my talent.'''' ,'''I'm my own favorite artist, but I love everybody's music.''' ,'''I'm real connected with Australia, you heard? I gotta come up there, man.''' ,'''I got to be more careful and more focused with my surroundings, because everybody wants to reach out to me, and I don't know if it's good or bad.''' ,'''I was the singing boy in school.''' ,'''Even the diss tracks was enhancing 'Panda.'''' ,'''When people are like, 'Why are these white people walking around this black hood?' I'm like, 'Why aren't they?' If it ain't bothering nobody, they can do whatever they want! They're in the hood to make it better.''' ,'''In the G.O.O.D. Music camp, we all come around, and we show ourselves and present ourselves as artists only.''' ,'''Actually, if you listen to the vocals on my grandfather's records, you will hear we sound similar. We both sound kind of dry. We have a dry voice, and we both love harmony - he was a man of harmony, I'm a man of harmony. I think it just runs in our blood.''' ,'''My grandfather is a blues musician.''' ,'''I came from a supportive home with a mommy and a daddy, and they had everything I wanted.''' ,'''None of my dudes I chill with are rappers. I don't put us as rappers. We're all artists.''' ,'''My sister listened to reggae, and my homies listened to trap music.''' ,'''I'm definitely happy and appreciate all the love everyone's given to me.''' ,''''XXL,' they call me a freshman, but I'm a pro. So, this a platform to let people know I'm out here.''' ,]
+++