+++
author = "Khris Middleton"
title = "Khris Middleton Quotes"
quotes_len = "92"
description = "the best 92 Khris Middleton Quotes"
keywords = "khris middleton,khris middleton quotes,khris middleton quote,khris middleton sayings,khris middleton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We love playing the game. That's why we're here. That's our job. We just want to come out and play every day.''' ,'''Nothing has ever been given to me.''' ,'''This is what you do your routine for, so when playoff basketball comes, it helps you stay fresh, sharp, energized, strong - all that.''' ,'''Just knowing how to get to my spots - that's the key. Once I get to my main spots, I feel like I have a lot of options I can go to - keep on driving, pass, or shoot. I just feel like if I can get to those spots, I can play my game.''' ,'''It comes to the point where, if a midrange shot is there, I'm going to take it. If I'm open, I have to shoot that shot. That's a great shot for the team and myself.''' ,'''I think mid-range shooters are hard to get to a lot of times. Guys are going at you all the way to the paint or looking to swat it at the 3-point line.''' ,'''You always want all of your sports teams at your school to do well.''' ,'''Teams usually take on the personality of the coach.''' ,'''My parents always told me be confident but be humble at the same time.''' ,'''The ultimate goal is to win a championship.''' ,'''We have to try to make the game better than it was when we came in.''' ,'''I have always been the kind of guy who just takes it one day at a time.''' ,'''If I stay patient in the offense, shots will come.''' ,'''Focus on what needs to be done that day. Don't think too far ahead. Once you start thinking too far ahead, you get distracted by things that don't matter on that day.''' ,'''You've got to play hard every minute you're on the court.''' ,'''I got to work on my body, kept working on my game, and also just got to learn out there from the guys who are playing. Getting stronger, working on my upper-body strength, lower-body strength, just trying to get stronger.''' ,'''Anytime you fall short with someone you've been with the whole time, you always ask yourself or ask the other partner, 'Can we do this?'''' ,'''If they focus on me too often, somebody's going to be wide open. It's all about playing together and playing as a team.''' ,'''Texas A&M was always my biggest school.''' ,'''I tried one tiny piece of kangaroo, which I never thought I would try, and it was actually pretty good. I probably wouldn't eat it again, but it was still pretty good.''' ,'''It's a business. But as a player, it sucks to know you were just thrown into a trade for it to work.''' ,'''A hamstring is definitely nothing to play with. There are chronic hamstring injuries where guys think it is fine, and they go out there and try to run and pull it again.''' ,'''To be a Milwaukee Buck, it's a great feeling. It's a unique feeling. It's a small-city market, but when you live there, and you play there every night, you realize how much you mean to that city and how much you can do to impact people's lives around there.''' ,'''I'm happy with being myself.''' ,'''In the month of December, it was my ultimate mission to find and honor the special people in my cities and provide them with experiences they would never forget.''' ,'''We have to give back. We have to try to grow the game.''' ,'''I know at times I'm going to have to just take the 3-ball when it's there instead of trying to get more to that midrange. But the midrange game is definitely one of my strong suits. I can't give that up.''' ,'''You have to go through some things to get to where you want to go.''' ,'''Do I feel underrated? Yes. Does that bother me? No, not really.''' ,'''I'm not a guy who makes five or 10 moves. I'm just more of a simple, straight-line driver, just try to be crafty with my dribble and keep it tight.''' ,'''I knew I wasn't going to be a dunker.''' ,'''I'm not the most athletic guy who is able to make these crazy layups or dunk all over people. I'm more of a shooter, floater, lane guy - not too much flash. But it gets the job done.''' ,'''I learned in the past that winning takes care of everything. As long as I am worried about winning and doing the right things, everything will work out for me.''' ,'''Just working on stuff off the dribble a lot more. It's helping me create my own shot and freeing me up a little bit, being able to make plays and make shots.''' ,'''I think Giannis can be a LeBron-type player, like an all-world, Hall of Famer, MVP, legend, one of the best ever. He's doing the right things to put himself in that situation. I think he will get there.''' ,'''Now, I'm not afraid. Or getting myself down about missing shots or missing an assignment late. The game goes on. You've got another chance. That's definitely a mental thing.''' ,'''I don't think I'm somebody that dominates the ball a lot.''' ,'''I'm an unselfish player.''' ,'''If we want to win, we're not going to be able to go out on the court and say, 'My turn' or 'Your turn.' We're going to have to play together and sacrifice some shots, some ball touches, some minutes.''' ,'''I measure myself against everybody, not just the shooting guards.''' ,'''I'm trying to make the game easier for everyone else.''' ,'''It's good that other teams want me, but I'll be more than happy to stay in Milwaukee.''' ,'''It's a tough grind sometimes. Playing 82 games and the travel, it can wear you down. It's definitely something you have to learn and adjust to. If you don't, you can play your way out of the league very quickly.''' ,'''Some people will have their opinions, but to be in the league, you have to have confidence that you're one of the best.''' ,'''We have to play a complete game.''' ,'''I was a three-star recruit, went to Texas A&M, and no one really talked about me there.''' ,'''It feels good to hit a shot; that's something you always dream about as a kid.''' ,'''There aren't any negative thoughts about my time in Detroit; I just didn't play. Sometimes you have to go through that at different stages. I went through it during a tough period, my first year in the league, but it was a good year for me off the court.''' ,'''I have a more old-school game.''' ,'''I like my life. I'm not living through anybody else's eyes, anybody else's life; I'm enjoying mine.''' ,'''Heading into college, I was mainly just a spot-up shooter.''' ,'''I don't want to be one of those players who has a good career but couldn't get out of the first round.''' ,'''I think LeBron is the best player in the world, as far as overall in his career and what he's doing for this league on and off the court.''' ,'''I've been a good 3-point shooter, but I've been a better midrange shooter my whole career, so it was definitely frustrating to try to figure out that balance.''' ,'''I really wasn't a good defensive player at all.''' ,'''I dedicate much of my success to what I learned inside and outside the classroom at Porter-Gaud, and I want to give that same opportunity to other kids in Charleston.''' ,'''We can't take quarters, minutes, plays off.''' ,'''It's a great job to have to try to spread the game, to spread joy, to help anybody out.''' ,'''In high school, I played a lot of point forward, and I had to get everyone involved.''' ,'''My parents are still here in Charleston, and I have a lot of family here, so it's great to be back.''' ,'''My main improvement on defense has just been my coaches. They've been teaching me defensive schemes, how to guard guys, and how to use my length.''' ,'''Giannis is truly a student of the game. He listens to the coaches, they show him film, and he's always in the gym working on his game and trying to find ways to get better.''' ,'''I don't think smaller guys usually bother me on my shot too much.''' ,'''You have to play your game in this league.''' ,'''We have to do what's best for the team.''' ,'''I'm just trying to shoot in rhythm. That's the biggest thing for my shot from long range. I don't try to speed it up too much.''' ,'''I'm definitely active in the community down there in Charleston.''' ,'''I've always been trying to add stuff to my game.''' ,'''I've got the mind-set that I'm going to play as hard as I can, and I'm going to make the person guarding me work as hard as he can.''' ,'''I love challenges.''' ,'''It's just using my size. On the defensive end, it's using my length to disturb the smaller guys. On the offensive end, if there's a post-up advantage, I can take it.''' ,'''I love everything about Christmas - the food, the 24/7 family time, watching someone you care about open the perfect present - and '12 Days of Khrismas' allowed me to spread that energy throughout all my communities.''' ,'''You won't get out of a slump if you don't shoot.''' ,'''From Day One, I've always had to work to find my way onto the court or onto the top position or whatever it may be.''' ,'''Getting that degree is something that is very important to me and my family.''' ,'''I developed my game a lot and learned how to score off the dribble. I learned how to play team defense and one-on-one defense.''' ,'''Luke Cage is a beast, man. You can't take that guy down no matter what.''' ,'''I just want to go out there and play hard every night and do my best.''' ,'''Confidence is a huge thing in this league.''' ,'''You can't stop great players. You can only make it tough on them.''' ,'''I was born and raised in Charleston, SC.''' ,'''You can always get better with your ballhandling.''' ,'''I've worked on my game to the point where anything they've asked of me, I try to come through and do it for them, whether that's defending, making plays, being a decoy, or knocking down shots and being a scorer.''' ,'''Waffle House is my childhood thing. We used to go there on Sundays or weekends every now and then with my family. It's just good, Southern, home-cooked food, and that's what I love.''' ,'''We had a lot of close games; we were losing games. Failing in those opportunities - when the game was close? And we needed a bucket or a stop? I wasn't able to come through. It's just... something that you get comfortable with as time goes on. You're OK with failing, as long as you're trying as hard as you can.''' ,'''If you miss 10 in a row, you have to believe the next 10 are going to fall for you.''' ,'''From Day 1 since I was in middle school, it's just to get better every day and not settle for anything, try to get better, try to improve, and try to stay hungry. That's not going to change.''' ,'''Every team goes through a slump during the season. It's just a matter of how fast can you get out of it.''' ,'''I've had to change my game a lot - try to play the right way, try to do the right things, try to be the glue guy for the team for the most part.''' ,'''Nobody's perfect, so don't go out there and try to act like you got to live a perfect life. Be yourself, and be happy with it.''' ,'''When you look the wrong way to cross the street, you've got to be careful with it.''' ,'''Anytime basketball is involved, it's fun for me.''' ,]
+++