+++
author = "Kit Harington"
title = "Kit Harington Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Kit Harington Quotes"
keywords = "kit harington,kit harington quotes,kit harington quote,kit harington sayings,kit harington saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Jeff Bridges is one of those icons that I put on a very high pedestal, so just to get to chill with him off-camera on cold, rainy days was surreal.''' ,'''On a serious level, I wouldn't tell the press if I was in a relationship or not. I wouldn't ever reveal that, because it takes you down a certain road... I have no desire to be courting the press with my love life.''' ,'''The more you fly, the more unsettling it is, because you realize how much more likely it will be for you to crash. I am getting better at it, though.''' ,'''I trained in theater. And I started in theater with my first two jobs doing stage plays.''' ,'''There are lots of actors out there who are hugely, hugely talented and haven't got the breaks I've had.''' ,'''I'm a terrible packer. I don't pack lots and lots because I think I'll wear everything, I pack a lot because I never know what I'm going to need. I always go over the weight limit.''' ,''''How to Train Your Dragon,' the first one, was a film I'd seen prior to being approached for the sequel. I don't often watch family animated movies, but it's one that I loved and thought was really well done: beautifully crafted storytelling.''' ,'''I don't go to work thinking, 'Right, I'm going to be more heart-throbby today.'''' ,'''Wearing baggy clothes makes me look shorter. I just don't know anything about fashion. I know what I like wearing. I'm always accused that I wear too much black. I love wearing black.''' ,'''I love action. I love doing fight scenes; I always have. I love it.''' ,'''There's a huge difference between stage fighting and real sword fighting.''' ,'''I was called Kit from day one; really, I only found out my name was Christopher when I was 11.''' ,'''I actually don't do much to my hair. It gets fussed over a lot on projects because there's a lot of it, and it's boy's hair, but as far as me, I tend to let it do what it wants.''' ,'''My parents brought us up in a very clever way, which was that they saw what we were interested in naturally, and then they encouraged whatever that may be. When I started sharing a keen interest in drama and the theater, instead of steering me away from it, they encouraged me to see plays and think about drama school.''' ,'''When I was 14, I saw 'Waiting for Godot.' It's one of those plays that if it's done badly is absolutely dire and can put you off acting for life. But I was laughing all the way through it.''' ,'''I'm very lucky, I've got two very loving parents, still very much together, and always been very supportive.''' ,'''Any kind of horror video game where I'm the first-person player and I'm... I suddenly stop caring about the video game dude, and I'm like, I really don't want him to die,' and then the minute he dies, it upsets me. I can't play those games.''' ,'''As an actor, you don't have much choice about your appearance. It's a good excuse for looking ridiculous.''' ,'''I try not to read the social networks too much. I find that way madness lies.''' ,'''I have a wild streak, but I like to keep that very much for my friends.''' ,'''I wear quite fitted clothing. I don't like wearing baggy stuff.''' ,'''We are fascinated with our own history, and we are fascinated with the Romans because they were millennia ago, and yet they still capture our imagination because they were actually so similar to us. They were very civilized. They had a very similar political system.''' ,'''I studied history when I was at school, at A-level, actually. I wouldn't profess to being very knowledgeable though, no.''' ,'''I love New York; I love the city. It's impossible. It's a theme park of a city, isn't it.''' ,'''I've always hated my voice. You sound different in your head when you hear it out loud.''' ,'''I don't do Twitter because I don't want to talk about myself more than I already have to.''' ,'''I don't want people thinking they know me instead of the character. Steve McQueen has loads of stories about him - who knows what's true? But it's great for people to fictionalize rather than know the truth.''' ,'''When I'm applying for a new passport or something, someone will call me Christopher. Other than that, no one ever calls me Christopher.''' ,'''My parents didn't have a lot of money when I was growing up. We were comfortable, but I didn't go to Oxbridge, and yet every American interviewer I get says to me, 'You're related to Charles II! Your grandfather was a baronet!' And it's infuriating, because that is a part of my history, but you're trying to turn me into a posh boy, and I'm not.''' ,'''I've always been a bit of a self-doubter. I think a lot of actors are.''' ,'''I just don't know anything about fashion.''' ,'''Politics is a game and a profession. It doesn't really serve the people the politicians are supposed to serve.''' ,'''You find with the really great actors, the ones you really admire and look up to, very often they're very giving, generous, warm people.''' ,'''I didn't get into this for fame, I genuinely didn't. I love acting, and I know that's a cliche, but I didn't, really, I was very naive when it came to the whole being recognized thing.''' ,'''I find you can lose yourself in an acting sense in a fight far more easily than you can in a dialogue scene, and I love that about it. We try as actors all the time: we strive just to completely sort of lose ourselves in the moment, and we never quite get there, but in a fight, you can do it in seconds; that is what I love about it.''' ,'''I like a girl who does not take me seriously, you know? It's important to be able to laugh at each other.''' ,'''I'm kind of a horse whisperer; I don't know what it is. I'm not great on a horse. I'm getting better, but I'm not brilliant. So yeah, I've spent a lot of time with horses. They're great creatures; I love them. I do love riding them when I get the chance to.''' ,'''I remember I had to play a blind person once, and I did this stupid thing with my eyes, and I knew the minute I started it I'd made a mistake.''' ,'''I love going out. I love partying.''' ,'''With 'Downton Abbey,' you're always stuck in one stately home.''' ,'''I do want to have children, but my parents had me when they were in their forties. I'd like to copy that.''' ,'''The best people to have power are the ones who don't want it.''' ,'''There's an unhealthy obsession in America with royalty and the class system.''' ,'''Working with animals is always going to be tough because the animal doesn't know it's an actor.''' ,]
+++