+++
author = "David Arquette"
title = "David Arquette Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 David Arquette Quotes"
keywords = "david arquette,david arquette quotes,david arquette quote,david arquette sayings,david arquette saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People that go through what I went through and people going through divorce, it's really a difficulty process; it's heartbreaking and it hurts really bad. It can really mess with your head.''' ,'''I know I probably offend some people. I have been talking a little too much so I'm trying not to talk as much.''' ,'''Yeah, I definitely wanted to do a kids' movie because I have a kid. I want to do things that my daughter can see soon - when she is old enough to know what a movie is.''' ,'''I don't want to lie. I dislike dishonesty. And I work in Hollywood, a town and a business that relies on a lot of falsehoods with people hiding behind different facades. I don't want to be a part of that.''' ,'''When you're just an actor, maybe not the top of the list guys, you get constant rejection and it's fun.''' ,'''I like to mumble when I act, 'cause I think it's more realistic. For some reason, the impediment has given me the accent of a Mexican gangster.''' ,'''I'm not one to run around with different girls. I like someone that makes me feel good and that I can make feel good.''' ,'''I'm trying to keep my personal life personal. It's very hard for me because I'm a very honest person.''' ,'''I'm trying figuring out how to be the best person I can be. But it's been a process of trial and error.''' ,'''Kids today are smarter than we ever were. And they've got computers, too, which is awesome. They're scary to me.''' ,'''I love round people, I love skinny people. I love people in general; we've got to get past labels and stop being so critical about everything.''' ,'''I don't know why I always end up talking about my relationships. I try not to.''' ,'''To get involved with a cause, you really have to become aware of it. You have to go on the ground and see with your own eyes, the people who have been affected by it, their process in how they're combating it, and what the organization represents.''' ,'''I seriously started drinking probably when I was about twelve. Kids are doing a lot of stuff very early.''' ,'''The first horror film I remember seeing in the theatre was Halloween and from the first scene when the kid puts on the mask and it is his POV, I was hooked.''' ,'''I love when you go to a horror film with real horror fans and everybody's there watching, getting involved and screaming. That's when it's most alive and exciting for me.''' ,]
+++