+++
author = "Prabhas"
title = "Prabhas Quotes"
quotes_len = "86"
description = "the best 86 Prabhas Quotes"
keywords = "prabhas,prabhas quotes,prabhas quote,prabhas sayings,prabhas saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's an honour for the entire 'Baahubali' team to be associated with Karan Johar, since he is the biggest name in the country as a producer and director with his brand Dharma Productions.''' ,'''I never liked being called the young rebel star.''' ,'''I was just lucky to be a part of this phenomenon of Indian cinema. Perhaps no other film can ever match the magic and awe of 'Baahubali.'''' ,'''As an actor, 'Baahubali' has given me so much that I can't explain in words.''' ,'''The way 'Baahubali' has connected with people all over India... it has given us recognition all over the country. It's a humbling experience. I'm thankful to the entire team.''' ,'''I have seen 'Munnabhai MBBS' and '3 Idiots' around 20 times.''' ,'''I feel dull when I am unable to see my mother for long. So, when I am in Hyderabad, I spend time with her.''' ,'''The time spent for 'Baahubali' taught me a lot.''' ,'''Karan Johar is a great person.''' ,''''Baahubali' is a once-in-a-lifetime experience.''' ,'''I am a big a fan of Raveena! Every time I saw the song from 'Andaz Apna Apna' - 'Elo ji sanam,' I was like, 'Wow!'''' ,'''I love Rajkumar Hirani's films. I saw 'PK,' and I didn't like it much... But I loved his previous three films.''' ,'''I want my films to be entertaining: not comedy, but something which is gripping.''' ,'''I have my strong faith, respect, and belief in Rajamouli sir. The fact that he believed I could play 'Baahubali' was huge for me.''' ,'''If Rajamouli is the brain and heart of 'Baahubali,' the producers are its skeleton, holding everything together, and the fans are the blood. Rajamouli deserves all the laurels, but he's so modest that he diverts all of it towards his team.''' ,'''I still have that South Indian accent. But I am working on it. Hindi audiences should feel that I am speaking like them and should relate to me.''' ,'''I knew that when the trailer of 'Bahubali' released, it would have a great impact, and it did.''' ,'''The action scenes you'll see in 'Saaho' are all real - it's going to look fantastic.''' ,'''No star is bigger than the success of a film.''' ,'''I criticise myself a lot. My friends complain about it.''' ,'''I'm a very fast shopper. I'm very quick; whether it's big money or small money, it really doesn't matter to me. I just get all my things that I need together and get out as quickly as possible.''' ,'''I think the fact that Rajamouli sir wrote the character of 'Baahubali' for me has been the biggest compliment in itself.''' ,'''You get films like 'Baahubali' once in your life. And Amrendra Bahubali is a character that I can never forget.''' ,'''Most of the actresses I have worked with have started their career in South and then shifted to Bollywood.''' ,'''Kenny Bates is a legend.''' ,'''Even when I'm on set, I'm always among friends.''' ,'''When audiences start calling you by your character's names, your job is done!''' ,'''A character like Baahubali required a preparation that I had to undergo mentally and physically - from undertaking a strict routine and a lifestyle, which helped me become the character physically, to knowing the character's depth and a lot more.''' ,'''I will die trying to do another 'Baahubali' kind of film. It's not a film that can be easily replicated. I believe only Rajamouli has the experience and vision to handle projects on such scale.''' ,'''It is such a treat to see two of my most favourite creative people in one frame - Rajamouli sir and Amitabh sir. They are so inspiring.''' ,'''I want to do Indian films based on scripts with a universal appeal.''' ,'''I would even commit seven years to a film for Rajamouli.''' ,'''I've never thought about doing international films. But if I get something exciting, I might take it up. Everything depends on what comes my way.''' ,'''I like spending time with my family and friends on my birthday.''' ,'''Once the shooting starts, we don't mind whether it is 43 degrees plus or minus 6 degrees: we just keep working.''' ,'''We were pampered, but our family taught us how to lead a balanced lifestyle.''' ,'''I have no political aspiration.''' ,'''Given my family background, whenever, as a child, I was asked about becoming an actor, I used to answer in the negative.''' ,''''Baahubali' was a film that was never done before. Rajamouli sir was my biggest inspiration because he lives in the smallest house and drives the smallest cars, but he makes the biggest films ever. He taught me the art of analysing your own strengths, and I take inspiration from him.''' ,''''Baahubali' gave me something that's really huge.''' ,'''First, the media blames us stars for not doing more films. But when we are shooting, you want us to take a break. Not fair!''' ,'''Most of the times, I am on a strict diet for my characters, but once in a while, I love indulging in a bucket full of ice cream.''' ,'''I am still shy when I go to interviews.''' ,'''Actors have limited time. We also have a shelf life.''' ,'''If needed, I would have even given seven years of my life for 'Baahubali,' as such characters are rare to play in a lifetime for any actor. I consider myself very fortunate and lucky for it.''' ,'''I truly believe Abu Dhabi is one of the world's best film locations, and I can't wait to come back.''' ,'''A holiday is an opportunity to journey within. It is also a chance to chill, to relax. It is when I switch on my rest mode.''' ,'''I will do stories which most of the audiences like.''' ,'''Once I see my mother's smiling face, I forget all the shooting pressures and tensions. I am the happiest person at that moment.''' ,'''You don't have to look like a warrior in every role.''' ,'''People recognise me from all over the country, which we didn't expect.''' ,'''It's only when I feel that I can do justice to a character that I take up a film.''' ,'''When we started work on 'Baahubali,' my sheer aim was to be able to live up to the imagination that Rajamouli sir had in mind. As an actor, my intention was to bring up 'Baahubali' live on screen for the audiences. I never even expected in my wildest of dreams that the film would grow on to become a phenomenon of sorts.''' ,'''When I was about 18 or 19, I told my father that I want to be an actor, and he was shocked.''' ,'''Friendship is a personal issue, and it should remain that way.''' ,'''I had thought that maybe I will go into hotel business because our family loves food. And North Indian food is very famous in Hyderabad.''' ,'''I am definitely interested in doing films in Bollywood. And not only in Hindi - I am open to working anywhere in the country, even if it is Punjabi.''' ,'''I was too shy to be in films. But, my father thought it would work for me. It took a lot of time for me to think about getting into films.''' ,'''I feel lucky that so many people admire me.''' ,'''For 'Baahubali,' I gained eight or nine kilos for the warrior look. But for 'Saaho,' I didn't need look like that.''' ,'''I made a good association with Karan Johar. If I want anything, I think I can ask him. He has helped us a lot.''' ,'''Working with Rajamouli and Karan is home ground for me now, having worked with them for such a long time.''' ,'''My character in 'Saaho' is completely contrasting to my character in 'Baahubali,' and I am quite excited about it.''' ,'''Tough times call for tougher decisions.''' ,'''Back home, I find small towns very peaceful. When my father and uncle were still in the film business, we had a tradition of travelling to the temple town of Srisailam to screen every film before its release. I still go there often.''' ,'''Whenever any actress works with an actor again, more than once, people start linking their names.''' ,'''Los Angeles is great for partying and also for its sights and sounds.''' ,'''If you look at my career, I have already proved that after a big action film like 'Chatrapati,' I could do a cool film like 'Darling.'''' ,''''Baahubali' has definitely increased hopes for a lot of regional filmmakers. After all, what I have learnt is that it only takes one 'Baahubali' to enter into the audience's hearts and cross the boundaries.''' ,'''Dubbing for myself in Hindi is a big task. I know Hindi. I can read and write Hindi, but I dont normally speak the language, and that is very important.''' ,'''Audiences remember you because of your work, so I believe in working hard through my films.''' ,'''My uncle is an actor, my dad is a producer, so they asked me if I was interested, and I was like, 'How can someone act in front of so many people with lights and emote.'''' ,'''Some of my cousins who wanted to pursue acting were always taking pictures and meeting people. I could never think of doing all this. Doing films was the last thing on my mind.''' ,'''I am really happy to have been selected by Madame Tussauds.''' ,'''We made 'Baahubali' with pure intentions. It taught us that we might be remembered for the rest of our lives if we do something with good intentions in our hearts.''' ,'''In Hollywood, the guy who plays Batman and Spiderman also plays normal characters. The biggest stars in the world want to play different characters. We can't give the excuse that because an actor played a superhero in his previous film, his next one won't work.''' ,'''I will do films in any of the languages, provided the script is good. The region and the language don't matter.''' ,'''The idea of working in films came after I passed class ten. I was planning to set up a restaurant and manage a business.''' ,'''Everything else is irrelevant after the bliss of giving a perfect shot.''' ,'''If the script is not good, the film will not work.''' ,'''I like Dubai because of the sheer scale on which the city is built. It is completely futuristic but with a warm, old-world ethos.''' ,'''I watch a lot of Hindi films. I live in Hyderabad, where 60 per cent of the people speak Hindi.''' ,'''I may act in many more films in the future, but 'Baahubali' will be the best in my career.''' ,'''I was the laziest person around. Suddenly, one day, I decided to become an actor. Thank God for that whimsical decision: else, by now, I'd have been a 140-kilo, butter-chicken-bingeing hotelier.''' ,'''I consider Rajamouli my guru. He is a friend with whom I can discuss all my professional and personal matters.''' ,'''I would be stupid to say no to Bollywood. It is the biggest film industry in our country.''' ,]
+++