+++
author = "Emily Deschanel"
title = "Emily Deschanel Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Emily Deschanel Quotes"
keywords = "emily deschanel,emily deschanel quotes,emily deschanel quote,emily deschanel sayings,emily deschanel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love having a sister. Its a great relationship that you dont understand unless you have one, I guess.''' ,'''I'm definitely a people person. I love socializing and being around people and having a good conversation.''' ,'''I just came home and said, 'I'm a vegetarian.' My parents were very kind about it. And then, I became a vegan a year or two after that. Animal cruelty really got to me.''' ,'''Public speaking is the number-one fear... even over death!''' ,'''I think its important to speak up for the environment because the Earth is not saying something.''' ,'''For me, it always has to be about health. That's why I'm a vegan. Well, I don't even do that for my health entirely, I do it for animals.''' ,'''My mom breastfed me for more than a year, and I can't imagine doing it any other way. It's cheap and much better for the environment, and you don't have to lug all that stuff around.''' ,'''I made a choice in life and got pregnant and had a child, and I want to put my child first.''' ,'''It's nature that you're going to have relationships in your life, and sometimes it's with the people you work with.''' ,'''Where you're not allowed to be woken up by any outside sources, you wake up naturally.''' ,'''I was a hostess in a restaurant in New York when I was 21, and I was too good of an employee. I was putting most of my energy into that instead of acting. But my father told my sister and me to look at whatever needed to be done and do that job well, no matter what it was.''' ,'''I'm a vegan, but you can be really unhealthy as a vegan, too.''' ,'''I think it's important to remember that to exercise you don't have to run a sprint.''' ,'''People want to believe that love conquers all and that differences can be worked out, and I do believe that, too.''' ,'''The United Nations did a study just over two years ago, and that blew my mind. I started thinking that if people are vegetarian for one day a week, that makes a huge difference!''' ,'''It's nice to have a sister with whom you can talk about your work and what happens in the industry. I value that.''' ,'''I really like being pregnant. Not that there aren't things I don't love, but when I think about what my body is doing - creating a child - it just blows my mind. I'm in awe of the process and science.''' ,'''Before I was a mother, when I played characters that were mothers, I used my imagination, of course.''' ,'''I've been a vegan for about 15 years.''' ,'''The real challenge for a vegan is getting vitamin B and omega-3s, but you can get those in a vegetarian supplement.''' ,'''I had a wonderful experience being Catholic.''' ,'''I am a huge 'Wonder Woman' fan - I had 'Wonder Woman' Underoos and a towel that I saved from when I was a little girl that is so faded, if that tells you anything.''' ,'''My whole family is very sarcastic and constantly making jokes.''' ,'''I think its wonderful to have a relationship where you both go out and live your lives, and you bring something to the table because you've had other interactions.''' ,'''I have a treadmill, and I work out with my trainer, Julie Diamond, as often as possible. She's so positive.''' ,'''I've always loved action.''' ,'''I've been vegan for 15 years, and it turns out it makes a very big impact on the environment to eat fewer animal products, which cause more greenhouse gases than all of transportation combined.''' ,'''Everything I know about makeup, I've learned from my sister.''' ,'''It makes a big difference to recycle. It makes a big difference to use recycled products. It makes a big difference to reuse things, to not use the paper cup - and each time you do, that's a victory.''' ,'''I'm not into any glitz or glamor or anything like that.''' ,'''I've certainly experienced being treated not as an equal.''' ,'''I have to pinch myself every time I think of getting to work with Kathleen Turner.''' ,'''I love doing a series because you get to see changes in a character and see her grow. It's a journey with change, and you don't get to see that long-term type of development with just a film.''' ,]
+++