+++
author = "Freddie Prinze"
title = "Freddie Prinze Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Freddie Prinze Quotes"
keywords = "freddie prinze,freddie prinze quotes,freddie prinze quote,freddie prinze sayings,freddie prinze saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I must end it. There is no hope. I will be at peace. No one had anything to do with it. My decision totally.''' ,'''I was mugged when I was 12. I had a portable radio, and I ran into this building and these two guys came in and hit me, busted me up and took the radio. After that I was very paranoid and I started taking kung fu and karate. But I didn't want to fight.''' ,'''I couldn't fight, and I wasn't particularly interested in the academic. So I started doing satiric bits in the school bathroom. Guys would cut class to come and see me.''' ,'''In fourth grade I had a high school reading level, but I didn't want to go to school and I didn't feel I belonged there.''' ,'''I was in seventh grade at St. Matthew's. The teachers would tell me, 'God loves you,' and then whack a ruler across my hand. 'Well,' I'd say, 'if God loves me, can you call God? Can you ask Him if it's all right that I didn't do my homework? If it's not, then let Him hit me.'''' ,'''But the only comparison that I want to Lenny Bruce is that I'm funny. I'm Freddie Prinze, Puerto Rican all the way.''' ,'''When I was little I was always getting hit. Kids would take my hat and throw it around, and it upset me. So I got to be very revengeful.''' ,]
+++