+++
author = "Alaina Huffman"
title = "Alaina Huffman Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Alaina Huffman Quotes"
keywords = "alaina huffman,alaina huffman quotes,alaina huffman quote,alaina huffman sayings,alaina huffman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''Double Indemnity' is one of my all time favorites. That's my favorite.''' ,'''The older I get, for me it's about fear. If I read something and it scares the hell out of me, that's what I want to do. If it's a challenge and a massive risk and I'm going out on a limb ... those are the ones I want. And they are few and far between. I don't work very much because I'm very specific about what I want to do.''' ,'''I did a little film called 'Nina,' a small role. I played a French girl who was a nurse to Nina Simone. Zoe Saldana plays Nina.''' ,'''I read like a crazy person, I play the piano, and I'm a photographer. I always say my photography keeps me sane. I spend a lot of time in the darkroom. It's a very solitary, quiet life when I'm not working.''' ,''''Agent Mom' is a perfect opportunity for me to do what I love... develop characters, act and take incredible stories to my fans. So yes, I can absolutely see myself cast as 'Agent Mom.'''' ,'''I feel like science fiction is so much more mainstream now than it has been. And I feel like that's because technology has caught up with us.''' ,'''I think the type of actor I am, I tend to play strong leading female characters. The shows I've been on happen to be science fiction genre.''' ,'''I'm excited about becoming a transmedia storyteller. The idea that we can tell the 'Agent Mom' story online with MTV Comics and build a fan base that we can take over to Paramount to discuss turning that story it into a movie is just awesome.''' ,'''I ultimately wanna do big movies, and I've been so close so many times. They keep giving my roles to girls with just a little more exposure than me.''' ,'''To be perfectly honest with you, having a mother as an actress - who I watched struggle tremendously during my childhood - and to watch fluctuations of ups and downs is difficult. She did mainly television, so I think I associated that with a life of inconsistency. As I've come into my own, I realize it has nothing to do with the medium.''' ,'''I'm an old-timey gal.''' ,'''I tend to curse in French more often than I do in English.''' ,'''I have my granddad's record collection, which I treasure, and my father's - Rolling Stones to Sidney Bechet.''' ,'''My normal life is I love to travel, and I travel as often as I can. I don't stay in one place too long. But I'm an avid reader, I guess you could say: I'm a bit of a bookworm.''' ,'''If you're a singer, you do concerts, and you get that interaction with fans and see what cities in what part of the world come out to see you. When you're on television, you're removed from that.''' ,'''I grew up in this industry. I'm a third generation actor, and I believe strongly that life and career are two different things. Career is inside my life. I'm also a photographer, a pianist, and lots of different things, so my life consists of so many different elements that there are moments when I have to step away and be me.''' ,]
+++