+++
author = "Pedro"
title = "Pedro Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Pedro Quotes"
keywords = "pedro,pedro quotes,pedro quote,pedro sayings,pedro saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You can not relax against Ribery and Benzema.''' ,'''There are games that you completely dominate and suddenly you're behind and you ask yourself how that's possible.''' ,'''Cesc is a great player, one of the best midfielders and he creates chances. For a forward, he is a great player to have.''' ,'''I have always given my best, in every game and every training session.''' ,'''Messi is a player with great ambition.''' ,'''Leo, Cristiano Ronaldo, Neymar, Eden. Every year, you look at their numbers - score goals, assists, minutes - to see they play very well.''' ,'''I had offers from other English clubs - Manchester United, City and Chelsea, who were the club that more rapidly resolved my transfer and the one that showed more interest in me.''' ,'''Of course, I want to play every game but you have to accept rotations and understand that other players are in good form. Football's a team game.''' ,'''When a coach trusts you enough to take you from the youth team and put you into the first team, one of the best teams in the world, it's not easy.''' ,'''I think Barcelona didn't want to sell me.''' ,'''Jose Mourinho is a very good coach.''' ,'''There are new signings every year at Barca and I have to deal with that.''' ,'''Robinho is a good player.''' ,'''At the start it felt strange to wear the Chelsea shirt, because I had never imagined I would leave Barca.''' ,'''If the manager can't transmit his ideas, and the players don't understand it, you've a problem. When your players can follow it, though, you've already won a lot in a season.''' ,'''We've all got our own opinions, our own way of appreciating the game.''' ,'''Conte speaks a lot with the players, also on the pitch and on the training ground, preparing very well for the games.''' ,'''I always keep faith in myself and my abilities.''' ,'''It's Leo Messi. It's very difficult to stop this guy because he's very quick, very clever. But, look, it's not impossible.''' ,'''I train every day to be a starter.''' ,'''I will always be a Barcelona supporter, no matter what finally happens.''' ,'''In 2007, Barca B were demoted from the Tercera to the Cuarta Division and I was among the players who wanted to leave. Then Guardiola arrived and he wanted to play with wingers that were spread out across the pitch and he gave me an opportunity.''' ,'''When you do not have a lot of playing time, of course you do not feel like one of the important players.''' ,'''Leo Messi is the best player in the world for me, but look at the others that have been at Barcelona.''' ,'''Barca have many opportunities all the time to win matches, which in England is very difficult because the challenges are greater.''' ,'''I am really happy here and have no regrets about the decision I made to join Chelsea.''' ,'''Cesc is professional and he's always shown it.''' ,'''A great manager can show you how to find goals, but it's evidently something you have to have; a drive to score.''' ,'''I am very fast. I do everything possible to win.''' ,'''If Barca call me, I'll drop everything.''' ,'''I demand of myself that I take part and work hard in training to ensure I'm in the starting line-up and help the team.''' ,'''The manager will decide who will play, it can be hard but I can handle it.''' ,'''If I have children, and they were supporters of Madrid, it would be very unlucky, but they would be brought up knowing about Barcelona.''' ,'''How can you not score goals in Barca! While defenders have trouble dealing with Messi, Villa and Bojan, they forgot about me.''' ,'''N'Golo Kante does running a lot and doesn't stop running.''' ,'''For me it is good to win, to win the Premier League is a dream for me.''' ,'''I had 11 or 12 years in Barcelona, my family is there and also many friends. The fans loved me, I felt highly valued throughout the club and it is always hard to leave the club of your dreams.''' ,'''I have helped Barcelona win titles and I want to do exactly the same thing at Chelsea, because ultimately we are all here to win things.''' ,'''It is the same for all players; everyone wants to play.''' ,'''I will always be thankful to Guardiola.''' ,'''If you are a big player you will always have a lot of pressure on you. It's the same for Eden, just as it is for Messi, Neymar and Cristiano Ronaldo.''' ,'''Time passes for every player.''' ,'''My opinion of Mourinho changed when he became my coach. He was always clear and correct to me.''' ,'''Maradona has been the best player in history and for me, Messi is even greater than he is.''' ,'''I will miss Messi so much. He's a great teammate, a great guy. We've lived a lot of things together, a lot of matches, a lot of goals. He knows me well.''' ,'''At Barcelona, it's normal to win most of the games and sometimes it's too easy.''' ,'''A manager can have a great idea but if the players don't understand it, or don't follow you, your idea doesn't have much use. On the other side, you can have a bad idea, but if the players are convinced it, and you transmit it well, it can work.''' ,'''You can always improve with the team. There are tactical things, finishing in front of goal, speed as well.''' ,'''It's always going to be difficult to compete with a player of Lionel's ability, but Eden has all the qualities to do exactly that.''' ,'''I don't train to be on the bench.''' ,'''I prefer to be on the pitch than to play little.''' ,'''Everybody knows Cesc is a great player, one of the best in his position in the world.''' ,'''The best teams of Europe play in the Champions League.''' ,'''Messi is the best player in the world, but he's not invincible.''' ,'''I think it is always difficult for every manager, when you arrive with good motivation and ambition. It's not just in the Chelsea dressing-room. For all coaches, it's difficult.''' ,'''Obviously Diego likes to play a bit further forward than me and then you have got Eden who is a player that likes to come inside and dribble, and his final pass is fantastic.''' ,'''I left Barcelona because I was brave. Neymar arrived and I played less. These things happen in football.''' ,'''Both at Barca and the Spanish national team we know that the best way to win is by sticking to our philosophy.''' ,'''I stay close to the target to score goals and help my team - that's good.''' ,'''Sergio Ramos is very good. I know him very well: great defender, great with the ball. Van Dijk is also the same: so strong, very good in the air, scores goals. Two big players.''' ,'''I try not to have nerves. You have to be cold-blooded. You have to think, to look at the goalkeeper: how is he positioned? You study them, you know about them, even if there isn't always time, even if it's sometimes intuition. You look to see where he is.''' ,'''I would love to win the Premier League because it's the strongest league in the world.''' ,'''Willian is very good. He's very good at dribbling.''' ,'''When you do not play in important games, then it is a difficult situation.''' ,'''I do everything possible to win.''' ,'''Is it harder to win the Premier League than La Liga? Yes.''' ,'''I'm very happy to be at Chelsea because it's a club that, like Barca, are fighting for titles.''' ,'''A change is always difficult for a player and his family. You are starting from zero and you have to adapt to a new league.''' ,'''I played for so many years in Barcelona, and I have so many friends there, and a lot of good memories of my time at that club.''' ,'''It is complicated, but I've always said that I would have liked to retire at Barca.''' ,'''One can always get better.''' ,'''Cesc and I understand each other.''' ,'''Luis Enrique was always honest with me.''' ,'''Sometimes I play on the right, sometimes on the left, but wherever I play I will give my best.''' ,'''Jorginho is a very good player, clever, fast.''' ,'''Maurizio is very clear with his ideas and that's good for me because I run, press high and recover the ball.''' ,'''I think Leo Messi is going to be the best player of all time. Yes, I also think that some Golden Balls have been lost along the way and that he could have even more.''' ,'''I have watched many Premier League games and they look very different to the Spanish game, particularly much faster.''' ,'''I am ambitious and I want to play as much as possible.''' ,'''It's always complicated to play for Barca. Each year I have had to fight for a spot.''' ,'''I have played with important people, important players like Ibrahimovic.''' ,'''Lionel Messi is an excellent teammate, he's a fantastic guy. We lived through a lot together, a lot of games, a lot of goals - he knows me well.''' ,'''It is always good to play your part and help the team with goals whenever possible.''' ,'''I prefer not to return to the Camp Nou wearing another shirt. It would be strange. But if that's what destiny holds.''' ,'''Conte is a coach that works a lot from a tactical level and demands a lot from his players.''' ,'''I have shared so many great times with some great players.''' ,'''To me, Messi is better than Maradona. I play with him, I see him every day, and to me he is the best.''' ,'''The objective is to help my team-mates, the more minutes on the pitch and the more games I play, the better.''' ,'''The important thing is hard work and that the team is winning.''' ,'''How do we stop Messi? I don't know.''' ,'''You have to earn your place and work hard.''' ,'''The atmosphere in the Premier League is fantastic, the stadiums are always full and it's an attractive league for spectators.''' ,'''Of course I miss Barca. I had many years there, I felt very loved on the street.''' ,'''The Premier League, for me, is the best league in the world. It has the best competitiveness.''' ,'''I've had an incredible reception at Chelsea. John Terry is an exemplary captain, who has treated me very well since I arrived.''' ,'''Barcelona is the best club in the world, there's no other place like this.''' ,'''Even when you think you should be playing more, you have to stay positive for when the opportunities arise.''' ,'''It's tough for us to hear that Barca and the national team are boring to watch. Supposedly, we play attractive football, one-touch football, which is what people want to see.''' ,'''It would have been easy to stay at Barca, appear in the team photo, keep winning titles and earning money. I had a good life, but I felt I should leave. My life was comfortable off the pitch, but I wanted to keep playing.''' ,]
+++