+++
author = "David Sedaris"
title = "David Sedaris Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 David Sedaris Quotes"
keywords = "david sedaris,david sedaris quotes,david sedaris quote,david sedaris sayings,david sedaris saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I went from having 50 listeners to 50 million listeners.''' ,'''I think it's important to take chances.''' ,'''Lovers of audio books learn to live with compromise.''' ,'''But most good movies have a gun in them.''' ,'''I love 'Glee.'''' ,'''The humor section is the last place an author wants to be. They put your stuff next to collections of Cathy cartoons.''' ,'''I meet people at book signings. My record now, for signing, is ten and a half hours in one sitting.''' ,'''As a foreigner in London, I like that there are so many other foreigners.''' ,'''I haven't got the slightest idea how to change people, but still I keep a long list of prospective candidates just in case I should ever figure it out.''' ,'''I like books on tape, and will listen to just about anything.''' ,'''I've always been very upfront about the way I write, and I've always used the tools humorists use, such as exaggeration.''' ,'''I always think it's a good policy to like the people who like you.''' ,'''Do I exaggerate? Boy, do I, and I'd do it more if I could get away with it.''' ,'''I felt uncomfortable calling myself a writer until I started with 'The New Yorker,' and then I was like, 'Okay, now you can call yourself that.'''' ,'''I always knew I wanted it to be illustrated.''' ,'''I like nonfiction books about people with wretched lives.''' ,'''What other people call dark and despairing, I call funny.''' ,'''I like listening to books as well, as that way you can iron at the same time.''' ,'''Actually I liked that 'Let the Right One In,' that Swedish vampire movie.''' ,'''People ask me, 'Have you ever considered doing stand-up?' To me it would be less offensive if someone asked me, 'Have you ever considered dental implants?'''' ,'''It's odd the things that people remember. Parents will arrange a birthday party, certain it will stick in your mind forever. You'll have a nice time, then two years later you'll be like, 'There was a pony there? Really? And a clown with one leg?'''' ,'''I go to the movies at least five times a week, and after a while everything becomes a blur to me.''' ,'''The only real advice you can give anyone is to keep writing.''' ,'''My sister Tiffany told me years ago, 'You can never write about me.' Then she called six months ago and said she wanted to be in a story. She was worried people thought I didn't like her.''' ,'''But I don't distinguish between being laughed with, and laughed at. I'll take either.''' ,'''Sometimes I say to myself, 'Oh, I wish I could win a Tony Award', although I'm not that bothered.''' ,'''I tend to show everything I do to my family, to check they won't be offended.''' ,'''My family isn't really all that different from anyone else's. Well, maybe they're a bit more entertaining.''' ,'''I just enjoy lying on the couch and reading a magazine.''' ,'''But I'm a humorist. I'm not a reporter, I never pretended to be a reporter.''' ,'''Because I've always been a fairly nervous person.''' ,'''I don't have email.''' ,'''I guess my guilty pleasure would be listening to the British audio versions of the 'Harry Potter' books.''' ,'''I cry all the time when I watch 'Glee' because I don't know if it's satire or melodrama and that makes me feel like the writing is aware of itself, and that makes it OK to cry.''' ,'''I've been keeping a diary for thirty-three years and write in it every morning. Most of it's just whining, but every so often there'll be something I can use later: a joke, a description, a quote. It's an invaluable aid when it comes to winning arguments. 'That's not what you said on February 3, 1996,' I'll say to someone.''' ,'''Also, I used to think that one day I might get someone to iron my shirts, but the truth is I really like doing them myself.''' ,'''If you read somebody's diary, you get what you deserve.''' ,'''I started writing when I was twenty, and my first book came out seventeen years later.''' ,'''After a few months in my parents' basement, I took an apartment near the state university, where I discovered both crystal methamphetamine and conceptual art. Either one of these things are dangerous, but in combination they have the potential to destroy entire civilizations.''' ,'''They were nothing like the French people I had imagined. If anything, they were too kind, too generous and too knowledgable in the fields of plumbing and electricity.''' ,'''I've been keeping diaries for 27 years.''' ,'''People ask if I miss it, but they don't understand that American culture is so ubiquitous that there's nothing to miss. I don't see myself moving back. It's not that I hate the United States. I just always thought it would be a shame not to live in a foreign country.''' ,'''I just think that the people who say: 'That's not true' when someone tells a story at dinner are the people who didn't get any laughs when they told their story.''' ,'''When I look at a lot of older stuff that I've written, I think one sign of amateur humor writing is when you see people trying too hard.''' ,'''No one writes dialect better than Flannery O'Connor. No one should even try.''' ,'''I started writing one afternoon when I was twenty, and ever since then I have written every day. At first I had to force myself. Then it became part of my identity, and I did it without thinking.''' ,'''I love getting attention, just like a child loves it, and it's never worn off. So when people say, oh the book signings go on, why would I shoo away someone who's giving me attention? What part of standing in line for 10 hours to say how much they love you is bad to you?''' ,'''I don't think my life is more interesting than anybody else's.''' ,'''I've never gone on Facebook and am not sure I understand it. The same goes for Twitter. I have someone sending tweets and pretending to be me, but I don't know why.''' ,'''There are lots of things that happen to me that I don't write about.''' ,'''I love 'Glee.' I cry all the time when I watch 'Glee' because I don't know if it's satire or melodrama and that makes me feel like the writing is aware of itself, and that makes it okay to cry.''' ,'''When you read comic material and people aren't laughing how do you know they're listening.''' ,'''I don't like being left to my own thoughts.''' ,'''I'm not a reporter but the 'New Yorker' treats everyone like a reporter.''' ,'''To say that a humorist exaggerates to get big laughs, I don't see how that's big news.''' ,'''I sometimes read books on my iPad.''' ,'''I like to reserve the right to write about whatever I like.''' ,'''Sometimes with 'The New Yorker,' they have grammar rules that just don't feel right in my mouth.''' ,'''If I'm riding my bike I just replay the same scenarios over and over in my head, like I haven't had a new mental adventure since high school. So that's what I like about books on tape, so my mind can't wander anywhere.''' ,'''I love things made out of animals. It's just so funny to think of someone saying, 'I need a letter opener. I guess I'll have to kill a deer.''' ,]
+++