+++
author = "Archibald Macleish"
title = "Archibald Macleish Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Archibald Macleish Quotes"
keywords = "archibald macleish,archibald macleish quotes,archibald macleish quote,archibald macleish sayings,archibald macleish saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We have no choice but to be guilty. God is unthinkable if we are innocent.''' ,'''The dissenter is every human being at those moments of his life when he resigns momentarily from the herd and thinks for himself.''' ,'''Freedom is the right to one's dignity as a man.''' ,'''The business of the law is to make sense of the confusion of what we call human life - to reduce it to order but at the same time to give it possibility, scope, even dignity.''' ,'''Journalism wishes to tell what it is that has happened everywhere as though the same things had happened for every man. Poetry wishes to say what it is like for any man to be himself in the presence of a particular occurrence as though only he were alone there.''' ,'''There are those who will say that the liberation of humanity, the freedom of man and mind is nothing but a dream. They are right. It is the American Dream.''' ,'''Spring has many American faces. There are cities where it will come and go in a day and counties where it hangs around and never quite gets there. Summer is drawn blinds in Louisiana, long winds in Wyoming, shade of elms and maples in New England.''' ,'''There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience and that is not learning from experience.''' ,'''What is more important in a library than anything else - than everything else - is the fact that it exists.''' ,'''It is not in the world of ideas that life is lived. Life is lived for better or worse in life, and to a man in life, his life can be no more absurd than it can be the opposite of absurd, whatever that opposite may be.''' ,'''Once you permit those who are convinced of their own superior rightness to censor and silence and suppress those who hold contrary opinions, just at that moment the citadel has been surrendered.''' ,'''To see the earth as it truly is, small and blue in that eternal silence where it floats, is to see riders on the earth together, brothers on that bright loveliness in the eternal cold - brothers who know now they are truly brothers.''' ,'''There are those, I know, who will reply that the liberation of humanity, the freedom of man and mind, is nothing but a dream. They are right. It is. It is the American Dream.''' ,'''What is freedom? Freedom is the right to choose: the right to create for oneself the alternatives of choice.''' ,'''You burned the city of London in our houses and we felt the flames.''' ,'''Journalism is concerned with events, poetry with feelings. Journalism is concerned with the look of the world, poetry with the feel of the world.''' ,'''Democracy is never a thing done. Democracy is always something that a nation must be doing. What is necessary now is one thing and one thing only that democracy become again democracy in action, not democracy accomplished and piled up in goods and gold.''' ,'''A man who lives, not by what he loves but what he hates, is a sick man.''' ,'''Conventional wisdom notwithstanding, there is no reason either in football or in poetry why the two should not meet in a man's life if he has the weight and cares about the words.''' ,'''We are as great as our belief in human liberty - no greater. And our belief in human liberty is only ours when it is larger than ourselves.''' ,]
+++