+++
author = "Reece Thompson"
title = "Reece Thompson Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Reece Thompson Quotes"
keywords = "reece thompson,reece thompson quotes,reece thompson quote,reece thompson sayings,reece thompson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You learn from everything.''' ,'''When I was 10 or 11, I was on this TV series called 'Dead Man's Gun' and Henry Winkler was a guest star. He hung out with me and my brother the whole time. We had no idea who he was. Our parents were star struck.''' ,'''My ex-girlfriend said to me, 'I'm surprised at how normal you are since you were homeschooled.' But I was only homeschooled because I wanted to be an actor. My parents are both teachers.''' ,'''A friend and I started a band together. I am kind of learning how to play instruments. We write stuff over Skype or e-mail. I send one part and he writes another.''' ,'''I'd love to create my own stuff. I've always written stuff, but it would be nice to have my hand a little deeper in the clay, so to speak.''' ,'''I'm not a big sweet guy, I have more of a savory palate.''' ,'''A couple of friends and I started a sketch comedy group when we were teenagers, just for fun and to start creating stuff. It was a blast.''' ,'''It's always a learning experience every time I'm on set.''' ,'''Regardless of what level the actor's at, you always learn something. And you can learn something from bad actors as well, who I've also worked with in the past.''' ,'''I love 'Skins'. I was a huge fan of the British series. I love how everyone is freaking out about it.''' ,]
+++