+++
author = "Lecrae"
title = "Lecrae Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Lecrae Quotes"
keywords = "lecrae,lecrae quotes,lecrae quote,lecrae sayings,lecrae saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I function, I live life as a Christian, and me living life as a Christian doesn't mean I'm a sanitized person. It means that I readily admit I'm a jacked up person, and I need a savior.''' ,'''It is possible to call God 'Lord,' to feel emotionally connected to faith, to do the altruistic things and still not want God.''' ,'''Lecrae is not just, you know, church, church, church.''' ,'''America has this fascination with glorifying the villain and not talking about the trials and tribulations. We tell the story of the successful villain a lot of times, but we don't tell the story of the people who don't come out so successful, and we don't tell the story of all the bystanders of that choice.''' ,'''I try to produce music that is life-giving and inspires people to hope, but it isn't just for the super-religious. I want to address themes that people who aren't Christian can appreciate.''' ,'''When you have legends who want to do music with you, and you befriend the Kendrick Lamars and the Chance the Rappers, that's due to you really being authentically hip-hop and not being contemporary Christian.''' ,'''Hip-hop is substance. It's social. It's science - that's what it started off as. We have fun, and we still having fun; ain't nothing wrong with fun, but we need that social, we need that substance, we need that science, and we need that spiritual.''' ,'''To realize that I had been living a lie, to realize that I was unsatisfied and I would never be satisfied until I came to Jesus was so revolutionary to me that I wanted everyone to taste it. I wanted everyone to see how awesome God was.''' ,'''I always liked the content of a Common but the commercial viability of a Lil Jon. And I would say, 'Why don't those worlds ever come together?' So for me, it was like, 'Let's do that.'''' ,'''When I hung out with my Uncle Chris, things got real. He was fun, talkative, and loud. He was the life of the party and a magnet for mischief. Since he saw the world through a gangsta's lens, he wanted me to become tough and aggressive.''' ,'''I navigate different cultures daily, and I understand how people can make false assumptions because of their lack of interaction with the cultures I find myself in. But if they don't frequent these spaces much, how can they rush to judgment?''' ,'''As we wrestle with questions of identity, we imitate those actions we think best fill an ambiguity we have within ourselves. And that goes for everyone; no one is free from this condition.''' ,'''Life is a precious gift - a gift we often take for granted until it is threatened.''' ,'''Honestly, the pains of humanity have been draining me.''' ,'''If my significance comes from God, then I know I'm always secure.''' ,'''College allows you to make better decisions, better friends, and a better future. There's only one catch: when the opportunity comes, you actually have to take it.''' ,'''Being faith-driven, being a hip-hop artist, being artistic in an urban context - all of those things make you unique, and you put yourself on the outside of what's considered the norm.''' ,'''I know I'm wonderfully made, and nobody can take that away from me. So regardless of what I show you or expose to you, you don't have any bearing on my worth and what I mean.''' ,'''Me and Kendrick Lamar have had conversations for years back and forth, so that's my dude.''' ,'''You don't realize you're vying for the approval of everyone so much until being yourself is not approved of.''' ,'''You take the negative, the bitter, the pain, the suffering, the depression, and all of those are ingredients for something far more purposeful than you can imagine.''' ,'''Faith is not about serving some tyrant in the sky that says, 'You need to get your act together.' Faith is about having a loving father who says, 'Hey, listen... I'm here with you. I'm going to hold your hand. Just rock with me.'''' ,'''I'm all about authenticity.''' ,'''There's a line between being egotistical and being genius or great.''' ,'''Christianity is the truth about everything. If you say you have a Christian worldview, that means you see the world through that lens - not just how people get saved and what to stay away from.''' ,'''I've always been the type of person - you know, I kind of am extreme. So you know, I'm not like, 'Oh, let me get one tattoo.' It's, like, my old whole arm has to be covered.''' ,'''Moving forward, hopefully the platform my career has given me will allow me to continue to be a voice in culture, whether that's doing lectures on campus or writing books or whatever that looks like. I feel like that's really the lane that I uniquely connect with.''' ,'''I don't like putting on airs; that's not my thing. I'd rather just be myself, just connecting to people genuinely.''' ,'''It's unfortunate that myself, as a black man, cannot care about the issues that impact the black community without being seeing as a race-baiter or without being seen as someone who doesn't care about any other ethnic groups.''' ,'''My music is not Christian - Lecrae is. And you hear evidence of my faith in my music.''' ,'''That's a win for me, for people to be able to say, 'Faith, fatherhood, monogamy exists in hip-hop.'''' ,'''I thought that God and rap would never work. I thought that God wasn't okay with rap. People knew I used to rap, and I went to the Bible studies. Someone said, 'Hey, you should rap about Jesus.'''' ,'''Jesus ain't American, you know what I mean? And there is gonna be more people in Heaven who don't speak English and are not white when we get there.''' ,'''Pain can be a haunting reminder to appreciate every waking moment.''' ,'''Atlanta, to me, has the sauce as far as urban music is concerned.''' ,'''Many times, that's how people see Christian art or Christians making art: They see the art as having an agenda.''' ,'''What I bring is unique. No one else brings to the table what I am.''' ,'''Honestly, what Jesus was about was laying his life down for the marginalized who didn't have it all together.''' ,'''Growing up in inner-city neighborhoods, there's a particular structure, which I'm sure is true of most social contexts. The type of person you are determines the role you play.''' ,'''History doesn't give credence for resorting to violence to have your voice heard.''' ,'''As children, we look up to people, for better or worse, and see them as the standard for how we should act and identify ourselves.''' ,'''I live in Atlanta because Ludacris lives in Atlanta. And because T.I. lives in Atlanta and because Lil Wayne comes to Atlanta to hang out all the time and because Rick Ross' engineers are in Atlanta.''' ,'''Waka is really intelligent. A lot of people don't know that because he just gets people hyped up, but he's a dynamic individual, and once you get to know him, you get to see a lot of that.''' ,'''Hang out with me long enough, and I'm bound to let you down.''' ,'''Old habits die hard, and if you're not careful, the person you used to be can overtake the person you're trying to become.''' ,'''I'm not a country music fan, so if you slide me some music and say, 'You gotta check this out; it's country,' I'm going to be a little hesitant to listen, and I think if someone says, 'Hey, you gotta listen to this guy rap; he's Christian,' you're like, 'I don't identify as Christian, so not really sure I want to listen to that.'''' ,'''Laying my will down for Jesus was laying my life down for others.''' ,'''My graduation was an amazing moment for my family, my community. In my early childhood, we lived on a subsidized income, with government assistance - at one point when I was growing up, my mother was making $14,000 a year. Now I had made it out of the hood, so to speak.''' ,'''For a lot of people, groups, Christians included, issues are homogenized. And so to be a Christian, I'm either this staunch, conservative Republican, or I'm this tree-hugging liberal. You're stereotyped. It's almost assumed that people know what your issues are going to be.''' ,'''Nobody would deny that if someone was a billionaire in 1962, his billions are going to affect all of his descendants. The reverse is also true. The lack of education, material, and finances for a slave are going to affect the descendants of that individual as well.''' ,'''Christians need to embrace that there need to be believers talking about love and social issues and all other aspects of life.''' ,'''I'm free. So, every time you hear me, just know that I'm speaking as a liberated person.''' ,'''My mom had always been big on education. She was the first woman in our family to go to college, and she often reminded me that I needed to go to college if I wanted to really make it in life.''' ,'''I love Lauryn Hill when she first came out with her solo project because it felt like she just knew what she was doing.''' ,'''A lot of times, when you don't have to deal with some of the circumstances that affect minority culture, you just don't think they exist. This is a conversation I have with lots of my white friends all the time.''' ,'''We judge people based on their clothes, social class, and, dare I say, ethnicity. Our comedians make light of these stereotypes regularly, and we laugh at their accuracy.''' ,'''Your identity is not wrapped up in how right you get it or how perfect you can posture yourself. But, your identity is wrapped up in the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ.''' ,'''If you subscribe to any moral code that says you should care for humanity, obviously black people will fit into that category.''' ,'''I've done songs with legends like De La Soul with Pete Rock. I've done songs with B.O.B. I've done songs with Big Kit.''' ,'''I just don't want to be the artist who's out on the road and has no real perspective of what's happening at home.''' ,'''My stepdad didn't have a father growing up, so he didn't know how to have a father-son style conversation. Plus, we had a tense relationship in which he never really offered me advice.''' ,'''When you're part of hip-hop culture but you're a Christian, people want you to be either-or. Or they'll create a category for you, like, 'Oh, gospel rap!'''' ,'''I consider what I do soul music. It's music that is concerned with the soul.''' ,'''The pain and the suffering that I went through made me an activist. It made me stronger; it made me more compassionate.''' ,'''I knew my ways were unfulfilling. I chased power, pleasure, possessions, something satisfying. I knew I kept getting let down. I knew it was insanity, and I was never going to find fulfillment, but I didn't know what else to look for.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of people; I'm afraid of not doing what God created me to do.''' ,'''A girl invited me to come out to a Bible study, and I said, 'Why not? I don't have anything to lose.' I went, and to my surprise, I saw people that loved God, but they were not square or rigid. They were just people like me.''' ,'''For me, 2016-17 was hell, and there's no way around it for me. I went through pain, depression, fear, doubt, and all of that was a journey that I was able to write through, and then I wrote when I was coming out of that dark place as well.''' ,'''I'm digesting C.S. Lewis and Tim Keller and so on and so forth, Francis Schaeffer. I'm seeing how they've affected culture and politics and science and so on and so forth, with implicit faith versus explicit faith.''' ,'''In Scripture, when something is repeated, especially a name, it shows an emotional connection, a deeper sense of meaning.''' ,'''The biggest accolades aren't the Grammys for me. It's creating opportunities for people.''' ,'''No matter how bad you mess up, God loves you, and there's nothing you can do about it.''' ,'''People have got to form some kind of unified fronts where you know who your allies are, you know who your friends are, and really begin to work together to create different kinds of infrastructures to protect one another and to help one another thrive.''' ,'''I feel fortunate to have a huge family that is beyond race, creed, culture, and have a Father who shepherds us all. When I think about that, my mind is blown.''' ,'''Whether you think you're jacked up or not, we're all broken people, and until we can admit that, we're not going to progress.''' ,'''I know where my bills get paid from, and that's God!''' ,'''I don't feel any sense of prioritizing white evangelicalism.''' ,'''You can't celebrate gifts without celebrating the giver of all gifts, so I want to celebrate Jesus.''' ,'''I think every artist reaches a place where they want to transcend genre.''' ,'''I spent some time in Cairo, and you see these Coptic Christians and Muslims holding hands. They got a rich history together of working together and cohabitating. You couldn't pay to see that in America.''' ,'''Being an outspoken Christian in the music industry means always feeling out of place. It's like whatever you have accomplished is less credible because of your faith.''' ,'''Many people don't know that all Grammy awards are not created equal. An unspoken hierarchy exists in many circles, and some categories are more respected than others.''' ,'''Gandhi said it; Frederick Douglass said it. A lot of people have probably said 'It's not Christ that I have a problem with, it's his people.' And that was my struggle: it's God's people. I felt disenfranchisement. I felt so much abuse from organized religion because I'm walking in a direction that a lot of them couldn't fathom and can't understand.''' ,'''I think of people like Ray Charles, Otis Redding, and Isaac Hayes. They all came out of the South, and they followed a certain tradition and energy. That's no knock to groups like The Temptations or The Supremes, not at all, but they were way more polished in how they did things.''' ,'''My views as a Christian means there's a moral plumb line that I'm fighting to adhere to.''' ,'''I think complexity is beautiful.''' ,'''A lot of times, we believe what the media says about us or what our awards or accolades say about us instead of what God says about us.''' ,'''My mother was a - she worked at a halfway house. And one of the former inmates slid me a mix-tape full of different hip-hop songs. And so that was my first kind of experience with rap music.''' ,'''People who've only seen me perform might assume that I'm confident and that being ignored wouldn't bother me - but it does.''' ,'''My mother, my relatives, and closest friends have risked their lives in the area of law enforcement and corrections, so I never have and never will say, 'I hate police.'''' ,'''If you suffocate my blackness, you've got to realize that's supremacy.''' ,'''In order to cry out for my black brothers, I had to hate the police.''' ,'''Christians have no idea how to deal with art.''' ,'''I'll put it to you like this: You can only go as mainstream as people will let you go.''' ,'''My mom was big on education, big on reading, so she was always pushing books on me: 'The Autobiography of Malcolm X,' like, 'Read these books.' And it was like, man, I'm learning stuff that I just can't get anywhere else.''' ,'''I would say before I dedicated my life to living for God, I was really your average thrill seeker.''' ,'''I hate systemic oppression in America.''' ,'''I'm in a very comfortable place, and some of that comes from the shackles of not having to be what people want you to be.''' ,'''When God's hand is on you, there's nothing anybody can do to stop that.''' ,]
+++