+++
author = "N'Golo Kante"
title = "N'Golo Kante Quotes"
quotes_len = "80"
description = "the best 80 N'Golo Kante Quotes"
keywords = "n'golo kante,n'golo kante quotes,n'golo kante quote,n'golo kante sayings,n'golo kante saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I play football and I want to be considered as a footballer.''' ,'''I've never been someone who loves a car and when I was young I didn't have the ambition of a car or something like that.''' ,'''My English is improving because I learnt it in one year at Leicester, before it was just in school and on holiday, but I have to learn more, I don't understand it all.''' ,'''There are millions of ­people out there, who every day want to get the opportunity to do the work we are doing and it's a short career. That is why I give it my all at every given opportunity.''' ,'''The Premier League is a competition that suits me, which is perhaps more praise to myself. It's more direct, more rhythmic than Ligue 1.''' ,'''I can talk with my team-mates, understand them and it's better for understanding the coaching staff and the game itself. If someone's making a run and they shout for the ball, I know now.''' ,'''I can always improve. Maybe score more goals and more assists, always help the team the best I can.''' ,'''I think I can improve in my attacking role, I can do more.''' ,'''At first, I was playing in front of 10 people in a park, then 1,000, then 10,000, then 80,000 and you are on television. I have done it step by step, so it is not a problem. There is no lack of confidence to be on the field, in front of many, many people.''' ,'''My first season in English football was very special. I hope to go on to achieve even more as a Chelsea player.''' ,'''The way we stop Mesut Ozil is as a team. He's a good player but only as a team can we stop him.''' ,'''I made the right choice to come to Chelsea.''' ,'''Football is like this: after every game you have to do better in the next and the season is the same.''' ,'''I've seen new experiences and new challenges every year. I take them step by step.''' ,'''I need to keep improving tactically, defensively and offensively for the last pass, the last shot.''' ,'''I came to Chelsea to work, to keep learning and to keep improving.''' ,'''Playing in the Champions League is a big dream of mine. When you are a player and have a chance to play in it, it's a good thing.''' ,'''It's good for me to stay at Chelsea.''' ,'''We have to work together for the good of the team, for trying to win games. That is what we train to do.''' ,'''When you play cards and find yourself in a tricky situation, you'll use some little strategies - and that is what I have done from time to time. That is why my national teammates have called me a cheat. They are not completely right, as I am not the only person to have done it. But they are not wrong either.''' ,'''Among the clubs that most wanted to recruit me were Marseille and Leicester.''' ,'''I try not to get carried away and to only focus on the team goals to keep winning, to keep performing to the best I can.''' ,'''I am how I am. I cannot explain it well, but I don't feel the nicest person, on the football pitch or in life, I'm just myself.''' ,'''I play with some talented players like Cesc Fabregas, Nemanja Matic and Nathaniel Chalobah. They have different styles and I can learn from everyone.''' ,'''I chose Chelsea because I spoke with the manager here and when I did that, I felt the capacity of the manager and that is why I made my decision. And of course I like Premier League football and that is why I decided to stay in the Premier League.''' ,'''I can't be the same as another player. I am just my way and I will try to improve on that at Chelsea.''' ,'''The professional world makes a lot of young amateurs dream, and to go from one to the other can inspire others, like me, when I heard stories of Didier Drogba and Adil Rami, who went from being amateurs to becoming pros.''' ,'''There have been a lot of French midfielders at Chelsea, but they did it their way and I do it my way and I hope I can do good things at Chelsea.''' ,'''I saw Claude Makelele play in the French national team but before when he played at a club I didn't watch him a lot.''' ,'''I am happy to make my debut in the Champions League.''' ,'''When I first went into the senior game I was more of an attaching player to begin with.''' ,'''We have some great players at Chelsea and the most important is the goal to win.''' ,'''I give my best for my team-mates. At Leicester it was like that and everyone was focused for the title and we did it. Here at Chelsea it's the same.''' ,'''I have worked with different managers in the past and different systems.''' ,'''I got my qualification in accountancy, but now I prefer to concentrate on football.''' ,'''We will fight against good teams.''' ,'''I don't want people paying too much attention about what I am outside of football, what I'm doing, and asking: 'Who is N'Golo?'''' ,'''No, I don't think I'm especially one of the best players in the league.''' ,'''For two or three years I played on the wing, when I went to Boulogne in 2011, I started playing in the middle as a central midfielder.''' ,'''I think what is important to fight for winning the ball it is the spirit. I have had that since I started playing football, so it is the spirit but I need to be fit for doing it.''' ,'''The main thing is how we play and how we work in training.''' ,'''Like everyone I am sometimes tired, but if I need to run I will try to run.''' ,'''My team-mates at Chelsea have told me about the 'Kante-facts.' It is just a bit of fun. I obviously do not cover 30 per cent of the surface of the earth.''' ,'''To be honest, it was only when I was first in the French Ligue 1 that my manager and other people started to say, 'Okay, N'Golo recovers a lot of balls.' Before that, I didn't consider it to be my job in the team.''' ,'''It is my club, I am a Chelsea player.''' ,'''With Arsenal there was an interest but not a big as other clubs. That is why I didn't go to Arsenal and went to Chelsea.''' ,'''I try to speak with my team-mates a lot because I need them everyday.''' ,'''I am not one of the best midfielders in the world or something like that.''' ,'''We are lucky to be playing football for a living. For me, this is what I have always wanted to do.''' ,'''I came from amateur football.''' ,'''Win, win, win. We will fight for everything.''' ,'''Sometimes I can help the team to score, to make the last pass or to get more chances and try to score. Maybe I can do this more often.''' ,'''We seem to have some quite good 'FIFA 17' players at Chelsea.''' ,'''I have always been discreet in my life.''' ,'''It was amazing to have Mourinho call me, even though I'd been warned before how he would appeal to me. I listened to his arguments about why I should move to United. But at that time I was hesitant between staying at Leicester or leaving for Chelsea.''' ,'''Whatever you did in the past is quickly forgotten.''' ,'''My favorite thing is when we lift a trophy. Afterward, we can have a picture of us lifting a trophy. And that picture shows a lot of work, a lot of difficulty and a lot of sacrifice together.''' ,'''I grew up just as my friends did until 19 before leaving home, and it's because of that I am who I am now.''' ,'''To represent one's own country is one of the biggest achievements a footballer can get.''' ,'''It is true that I receive a lot of praise and that is flattering. But I try not to let it affect me.''' ,'''To win the World Cup in our colours was beyond my dreams and something I will never, ever forget.''' ,'''It's a huge honour to be named player of the year... and I want to thank everyone who voted for me.''' ,'''I am not a superstar or an ego. I am just the same as I always was: Someone who plays football.''' ,'''I play with team-mates and when the team is good you have a good result.''' ,'''It is good to win awards but the most important is to win together.''' ,'''I was at Boulogne, in the second team - the sixth, then the fifth division. I wasn't professional, so I kept studying because I wasn't sure if I would be able to make a living as a footballer.''' ,'''It is always special to play against my old team.''' ,'''I'm happy to help the team win.''' ,'''Ask me about my football, and not too much else. I just want to be a player among the players.''' ,'''The opportunity to work with Antonio Conte, a brilliant coach, and some of the best players in the world was too good to turn down.''' ,'''My failures were something for me - my first contact with professional football. Though it didn't go all that well, it's not a regret, it's just like that. But looking back, those failures helped me consider football differently, consider the professional game differently.''' ,'''I am at Chelsea and I still have aims here, what is said elsewhere is not important.''' ,'''I think Eden did an amazing job, had an amazing time with Chelsea.''' ,'''I sometimes should be more decisive.''' ,'''There have been beautiful achievements of winning titles with my team-mates.''' ,'''When we have to defend, I just try to recover the ball for the team because it's important, but I always try to go forward when we have the ball.''' ,'''When I arrived at Chelsea, I was at Leicester and I had just won my first title with a club.''' ,'''I know how it feels to handle the pressure and keep working for the win.''' ,'''I am lucky to get the ­opportunity to play for France and that alone is a huge motivation for me, whenever I go on the pitch.''' ,'''It's always special to come to a new club.''' ,]
+++