+++
author = "Rani Mukerji"
title = "Rani Mukerji Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Rani Mukerji Quotes"
keywords = "rani mukerji,rani mukerji quotes,rani mukerji quote,rani mukerji sayings,rani mukerji saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As a child, I remember I always wanted to make my parents happy and give them everything in their lives.''' ,'''When I turned 30, I realised the value of time and with it, the other important things in life. That's when I did up my house, started spending time with my family and friends and did all that a normal girl would do. All these things I was balancing with my work.''' ,'''Though I technically come from a film family, my father had stopped making films even before my brother and I were born. So I did not really grow up in a filmi environment. And when I was growing up, becoming an actress was still quite a taboo. And you may not believe this, but even my father did not want me to join films.''' ,'''I just want to be at peace with myself, personally and professionally. I want to lead my life the way I want to without having to worry about what the other person may be thinking. Professionally again, I would like to be able to just do films that I want to without having to explain my reasons to my friends, family and fans.''' ,'''We are not saints, gods, spiritual human beings that we can sit and decide whether a film will do well or not. It is not in our hands.''' ,'''Not all offers I get are exciting and inspiring. I would rather sit at home and not work than jump into mediocrity for the sake of just moving ahead. If it's a good script, I would sacrifice my personal time and grab it.''' ,'''I think there is a lot of space for people to love who they love, and a lot of space for actors to carve a niche for themselves.''' ,'''I'm happy that people have loved my film and my work. I have always let my work do the talking, and I guess I have proved to my critics that I'm not over.''' ,'''People miss those who they love. It brings tears to my eyes to see the longing for me. But it's my decision to do fewer films and more protagonist-based roles. For me to take up something, it has to make a lot of sense to me.''' ,'''Marriage happens; it can't be planned. When it has to happen, it will happen. Normally, what we always believe is that however prepared you are, if it's not meant to happen, it won't. And however much we have not planned, it will still happen if it's destined.''' ,'''I would not want to be a part of any project that I feel would not work. An actor like me always wants to work to get appreciation of the audiences. And appreciation can only come if people will come to watch the film.''' ,'''It could get saturated or monotonous if I would do the same characters again and again. That is why, to save myself from that feeling, I take time out to choose roles that excite me.''' ,'''When I plan to settle down, I will announce it to the world. Marriage is an occasion to celebrate. I'll celebrate it when it happens, letting everyone know about it.''' ,'''I think the first thing I consider is whether I like the script. Once that is done, the next thing I look for is my part in the movie. Many a times you come across good offers, but the part they are offering might not be challenging. So, I don't take up that film.''' ,'''A filmmaker chooses an actress keeping the best interest of the film in mind. If he doesn't cast you, it doesn't mean there's a personal agenda. Change is constant, and if you have agreed to be part of this industry, you will have to go with the change. The films and filmmakers, even the audience has changed.''' ,'''Every actor is alive because of his/her fans. I'm glad that my fans love me so much. I have an immense responsibility towards them. That's why I'm careful while signing a film. What is also important is to judge whether I would like to watch the film as an audience or not.''' ,'''I don't really get stuck in a time warp where, if my film is a success, I have to keep partying till the next one releases, or if my film is a flop, I keep wallowing in sorrow until the next comes my way. My hard work in each film is always there.''' ,'''I'm not bothered about what people say behind my back. I don't need to know about it. I believe in living my life and doing my work. God will give you success. And even if He doesn't, there's a lesson to be learnt.''' ,'''It's not humanly possible for anyone not to go through changes. Change is a constant in everyone's life, even in mine. I have enjoyed the change at every stage of my life.''' ,'''I love romantic films and love drama. Any film that has romance or romantic element is my comfort.''' ,'''The one person whom I would like to be is Meryl Streep. Even at her age, she sits alongside the younger heroines at the Oscars with her name in the nominee list, and others around her wonder whether they still stand a chance.''' ,'''I think the success of a film is very important to an actor. It depends on how many people go to watch your movies; the more the merrier. Nobody wants to do a film for five people. You work so hard that millions of people watch the movie; this is directly related to box office success.''' ,'''I've heard that we come on earth in pairs, get separated only to meet once again through marriage. So whoever is there on this earth for me will eventually get paired with me. Till then, I'll enjoy my singlehood.''' ,'''In reality, throughout your career, you have to make yourself interesting enough for people to be waiting to see your films. In my case, people are longing to see what I come out with next. That's my success.''' ,'''I am quite a dreamer. I think we all are dreamers. We all don't like to live a practical life all the time. There is a thin line between our hopes and dreams.''' ,'''My understanding of films was just as much as any young girl who watches Bollywood films. I had no idea about the whole process of filmmaking, about dialogue writing, scripts, screenplay etc. I had probably gone to two or three film shoots in my childhood.''' ,'''You work with some people, you see a spark in them and you can't help praising them. But everyone has their own destiny. No one can make anyone. Who reaches where and when, is all written.''' ,'''Every role is easy. As an actor it is my job to make my job easy. If I start hyperventilating about my roles, then how will I do it? So, with all my roles, somewhere I feel comfortable about them, and that is why I play them.''' ,'''I have wisdom of a 60-year-old. Also it takes a lot for me to respect a person, so when a person has a body of work behind him, it draws my respect.''' ,'''Love is a great emotion, but I believe it's not just about romance; it could be love for nature, people, for relationships.''' ,]
+++