+++
author = "Trisha Yearwood"
title = "Trisha Yearwood Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Trisha Yearwood Quotes"
keywords = "trisha yearwood,trisha yearwood quotes,trisha yearwood quote,trisha yearwood sayings,trisha yearwood saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You start out playing in kitchens, and you end up playing in kitchens.''' ,'''I get satisfaction out of making a meal for people that I love and having them enjoy it. But there's not really anything in my life that I do that's just for me that feeds my soul like music does.''' ,'''Songs are like movies to me, and so you put yourself in the movie. You become a character in the movie.''' ,'''The kitchen is the heart of our home.''' ,'''I want to sing because I want to sing.''' ,'''I have adopted an 80/20 rule when it comes to my delicate relationship with food: 80 percent of the time, I make good choices; 20 percent of the time, I let myself splurge a little.''' ,'''When you're sick, nobody takes care of you like your mom.''' ,'''Music is my No. 1 passion. If you made me choose between music and food, it's definitely music.''' ,'''As long as I can sing and hit the notes, I want to do that.''' ,'''I lost my mom to breast cancer about three years ago, and it has changed me forever.''' ,'''I finished high school, moved to Nashville for college, and set out to break into the music business. Every night when I called home with news of my experiences, my mom and dad would encourage me to keep taking those small steps.''' ,'''I keep in touch with these people who knew me long before I got a record deal.''' ,'''People who truly love to sing have to do it all the time.''' ,'''I think if I tried to be the stern parent, we would have slipped into Cinderella mode - with me as the evil stepmother!''' ,'''Garth Fundis is a song guy. He is in it for the right reasons; he's about the music. He doesn't ever try to talk you into recording something that you shouldn't. He gets it.''' ,'''Every health expert tells you to eat breakfast. I had the mentality, 'I'll save those calories!' But then you are starving, and you overeat.''' ,'''One that I know people really like is my Crock-Pot mac and cheese. It's comfort food that's good for Super Bowl parties and easy to make.''' ,'''It's cool when your husband starts to sing some old Merle Haggard song and I can pop in with a harmony and it doesn't sound too bad.''' ,'''I'd been doing circuit training and Pilates for years, but I was not consistent with food. I'm not a disciplined person. I was indulging all the time.''' ,'''I never want to record something that I'm not proud of just because I think it might be a big hit. There's no positive about that because if you record a song you hate and it's a big hit, then you're singing a song every night that you hate. And if you record a song that you hate and it isn't a hit, then you sold out for no reason.''' ,'''If I start trying to make a record for what I think could possibly get played on radio, I'm dead.''' ,'''I don't interest myself that much.''' ,'''I'm as surprised as anybody. I never would have thought I'd be here talking about having a cooking show on the Food Network. It wasn't on my list of things, but it's fun, and I'm having a good time.''' ,'''The thing that people have said over and over again, especially people who don't cook, is, 'I watch your show, the food makes me hungry, and I think I can make that.' That's exciting because we've heard that a lot of people watch cooking shows but don't make the food.''' ,'''Music is so intimate and so personal that when you can find somebody that feels the same way about it that you do, it's magic. It can be. It really can be.''' ,'''I have not heard a Martha Stewart album yet. But, you know, it could happen.''' ,'''I like a gooey cookie.''' ,'''I hope I never have to pick between all these things I get to do.''' ,'''I never dreamed that they would ask me to do a TV show. I'm the most surprised person of all.''' ,'''I was raised Southern, where every meal had meat on table, but I don't eat that way in life. I've been experimenting with a lot of vegetarian and vegan food.''' ,'''I'm not really a runner. It does not bring me joy. The runner's high thing - I have no idea about that! I especially hate it on a treadmill.''' ,'''If you're doing this because you feel like you have a burning desire to do it, then you'll find a way to do it, no matter what. If you're doing this because you're thinking, 'Hey, this will be really cool. I'll be famous. I'll be on YouTube,' then you'll probably quit, because it's not easy to do for the long haul.''' ,'''The most important thing I want to get across is that maintaining weight loss is just hard. It takes a dedication to exercise and eating right most of the time.''' ,'''I'm 47, You learn life is short and it's not worth doing something if you don't enjoy it.''' ,'''After 'Real Live Woman,' I wasn't sure I'd ever want to make another record.''' ,'''What's meant to be will always find a way.''' ,'''I love Southern rock; it's because I grew up on it, and no matter where I am, I'll always be a Georgia girl.''' ,'''Martha Stewart was the one who really did show everybody that you can do everything.''' ,'''You want to sell records, but if you want to call yourself an artist, your job is how you express yourself.''' ,'''Sometimes, life just gets in the way, and you have to forgive yourself for putting on a few pounds.''' ,'''And one of the reasons that I wrote the cook books was so that I could be at home more than being on the road.''' ,'''I wrote a book with my mom and my sister for fun. I had no idea it would be a 'New York Times' bestseller.''' ,'''When I made my first album, there was no indication that anybody other than my parents were going to buy it.''' ,'''I have a lot of friends who, especially in Tennessee, were looking forward to getting married who wanted to wait until it was legal in the state that they live in to get married.''' ,'''The best thing that I bring in my live show is that it's not scripted. It's more of a conversation with my audience. And that's what people like about the show - it's very real. There are mistakes and laughter.''' ,'''The reality is that you think you're going to have all this time out here, to do all this stuff, and the truth of the matter is, you just don't. If we're on the road, and we stay in the city we're in, I'm going to try to get up in the morning and get a workout in.''' ,'''Potato salad is very personal: everyone makes theirs differently.''' ,'''I'm like everybody: I gain the Christmas 10 or so, and then I try to exercise more and dial it back.''' ,'''When I was a little girl, I always dreamed of being a country music singer, but I never dreamed I'd be a member of the Grand Ole Opry.''' ,'''One thing my mom taught me was that when you're making deviled eggs, flip the eggs over the night before. They've been sitting in the carton as they're transported, so the yolks settle on bottom. If you flip them, then the yolks aren't skewed to one side.''' ,'''I've patterned myself after my musical heroes.''' ,'''Get your education, and if you see small opportunities, take them. Each one could be a stepping stone to something bigger.''' ,'''I love potatoes - they're my favorite food.''' ,'''I'm not saying I don't enjoy the days that I'm not eating chocolate cake. But I do particularly like those days when I am eating chocolate cake.''' ,'''Nobody who cooks does it with full hair and makeup in front of a TV camera.''' ,'''When people say, 'You seem so grounded; you seem so normal,' I think it's the way I was raised and the way my sister and I were brought up by our parents.''' ,'''When we got married - almost 10 years ago now - we made a commitment to really be together, which means we hardly ever spend a night apart. And being madly in love is important, but I think it's equally important to be in deep like! I like this guy... we talk about everything, and we laugh a lot. Life is good!''' ,'''I was very dramatic - very, like, 'It's never going to happen. My life is over at 16 because I'm not already famous. I'm not going to get my record deal. I'm not going to be able to sing for a living.'''' ,'''I have to say, I've never been the girl that's had the five-year plan, the 10-year plan, and I'm still not.''' ,'''Standing behind a kitchen counter telling people about what ingredients to put in a pot didn't feel right.''' ,'''If you believe in astrology, I'm a Virgo, so I'm very controlling; I'm very neat, and I'm very organized.''' ,'''If you're a painter, you don't go, 'Abstract's really selling, so that's what I'm going to do.' If you're really truly an artist, you have to think what you're meant to paint.''' ,'''Before the show, there's about two or two and a half hours of meet and greets with radio stations, promoters, people who I need to see and thank and talk to to make sure they remember me. And then, I get - out of all that day of talking and smiling and shaking hands and getting photos, I get to sing for two hours.''' ,'''If you record a song that you love, then you're going to win.''' ,'''I almost never make stuff out of cookbooks because they're either too complicated or there's an ingredient in there that I can't find.''' ,'''My upbringing did not create a healthy affection for confrontation. I'd love it if everyone always got along, and nothing ever got tense.''' ,'''I was an A student and I liked creative writing.''' ,'''I wanted to be Cher for a long time, but not for the singing. I just thought she was so cool. I wanted her long hair, and I wanted to weigh five pounds.''' ,'''I really like Miranda Lambert. She has a great voice.''' ,'''You find what makes you happy, and it's usually being with the person you want to be with.''' ,'''I've been blessed to live a lot of dreams.''' ,'''I'm not the singing cookbook lady.''' ,'''I don't think you can name one diet I haven't done.''' ,'''What I've learned, traveling the country and doing book signings, Mama's biscuits - you know, somebody in Montana's got their version of Mama's biscuits, somebody in California's got their version - so it made me realize that we're not as regionalized as we think we are.''' ,'''I absolutely refused to make out with the gorgeous male model.''' ,'''It's not about giving back if you're successful or a celebrity or how much money you have: it's about your responsibility as an adult to help others.''' ,'''Divorce is so common and accepted in America that beating myself up over it may sound ridiculous. But I was raised to believe that divorce wasn't an option; to me, divorce equaled failure. I wasn't able to change that equation until I found myself in the right relationship.''' ,'''You have to focus hard on recording songs that you believe in.''' ,'''Boiled peanuts are a Southern thing.''' ,'''I don't sign every check anymore, but I have my checks, my balances. I like the people I work with very much, but I check on them.''' ,'''I'm just trying to be the next Trisha Yearwood.''' ,'''I love cookbooks, and I have a ton. I have shelves of cookbooks.''' ,'''I think about food all the time, so making peace with eating is a daily battle for me. I won't say I've completely figured it out, but I will say that right now, I win that battle more days than I lose it, and I believe that's the key.''' ,'''Of course, I want to sell records, and of course I want to get played on radio, but it has to be about making the record that I'm proud of.''' ,'''When people compliment my cooking, it's like somebody telling me that they like my music. And it's great to be known for something else.''' ,'''For me, cooking is very connected to my family and friends.''' ,'''Education was a given, only because of the way I was raised. Truth be told, I thought, at 15 years old, I should go and get a record deal and drop out of school, and my parents would have had none of that. I'm grateful now that my parents were pushing me in that way, because I wasn't mature enough on so many levels to do that.''' ,'''You sign your life away, basically, when you sign a record deal, and if you have a platinum album, then you go back in and renegotiate.''' ,'''The first award I ever won was for Best New Artist from the ACMs, so they always will hold a special place in my heart.''' ,'''I don't spend time wondering what might be next; I just focus on trying to savor every day.''' ,'''I grew up in Georgia, so I grew up listening to the Allman Brothers.''' ,'''I gotta say, I'm a huge Chris Stapleton fan.''' ,'''I get up in the morning. I usually do a radio interview early in the morning. I usually do a book signing, because I'm also a cookbook author, so I'm at some store, at a Walmart or a Williams Sonoma, for three hours, standing up, signing autographs, and taking pictures for three hours.''' ,'''We play everybody's Christmas records at our house, and sometimes you think, 'I'm not gonna play my own record; I'd be embarrassed.' But I'm gonna play our record this Christmas, because I love the songs!''' ,'''We sat together as a family for dinner at night. And my mother had a job. My dad had a job. But there was always a meal on the table at 6:00, you know.''' ,'''My mom and sister and I all cook.''' ,'''It's always a balance, and sometimes I'm on the good side of that scale, and sometimes I'm on the bad side.''' ,'''Music, from the time I was probably about five years old, was my obsession. I was going to say 'passion,' but I really was obsessed; I really didn't want to do anything else.''' ,'''I did Scarsdale. I did Weight Watchers. I did Atkins.''' ,]
+++