+++
author = "Raymond Carver"
title = "Raymond Carver Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Raymond Carver Quotes"
keywords = "raymond carver,raymond carver quotes,raymond carver quote,raymond carver sayings,raymond carver saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you're writing fiction or poetry... it really comes down to this: indifference to everything except what you're doing... A young writer could do worse than follow the advice given in those lines.''' ,'''For a long time I wanted to do the kind of work my dad did. He was going to ask his foreman at the mill to put me on after I graduated. So I worked at the mill for about six months. But I hated the work and knew from the first day I didn't want to do that for the rest of my life.''' ,'''Life and death matters, yes. And the question of how to behave in this world, how to go in the face of everything. Time is short and the water is rising.''' ,'''When I'm fishing, I feel guilty that I'm not writing, and when I'm writing, I feel guilty that I'm not fishing. But when push comes to shove, I'll always take the writing.''' ,'''When I'm writing, I write every day. It's lovely when that's happening. One day dovetailing into the next. Sometimes I don't even know what day of the week it is.''' ,'''I guess my writing has changed as my life has.''' ,'''In the beginning, when I was trying to write, I couldn't turn off the outside world to the extent that I can now.''' ,'''A great danger, or at least a great temptation, for many writers is to become too autobiographical in their approach to their fiction. A little autobiography and a lot of imagination are best.''' ,'''I think marriage is one of those things that writers draw on, one of those emotional reservoirs that go way back.''' ,'''The fiction I'm most interested in has lines of reference to the real world.''' ,'''Most of my stories, if not all of them, have some basis in real life. That's the kind of fiction I'm most interested in. I suppose that's one reason I don't have much respect for fiction that seems to be game playing.''' ,'''It's something that I feel I know about, relationships between men and women. I like to write from the woman's point of view now and again, to get inside her head, to feel what she's feeling.''' ,]
+++