+++
author = "Sam Rockwell"
title = "Sam Rockwell Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Sam Rockwell Quotes"
keywords = "sam rockwell,sam rockwell quotes,sam rockwell quote,sam rockwell sayings,sam rockwell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Anjelica Huston and Kelly MacDonald are both really special. Anjelica has such a fresh point of view about acting and doesn't seem jaded at all. She seems more like a student and yet she is veteran actor who really brings it.''' ,'''I remember being very influenced by 'Taxi Driver', and also Tommy Lee Jones in 'Coal Miner's Daughter' a little bit.''' ,'''I grew up on films.''' ,'''I used to break dance. I can do some good James Brown footwork. But now I think I've danced too much. My girlfriend made fun of me: 'Enough with the dancing.'''' ,'''I think of myself as a journeyman actor. I've got some talent and I work hard, but people like Brando or Pacino - those people are touched by God.''' ,'''Well, you know, it's fun to sign autographs still for me. I don't sign that many.''' ,'''I did some martial arts training for 'Confessions of a Dangerous Mind,' since the character was an assassin.''' ,'''Money is power and power gives you choice.''' ,'''Clark Gregg and I are around the same age. He has been an actor and is a writer. But with a first-time director, there is a way to talk about things they might not know. Because Clark was an actor, though, he knew more about the process than most first-time directors.''' ,'''It's hard to make a good movie in four weeks. It's hard. I've done it, but it's not easy.''' ,'''Hollywood constantly wants to label you and type you into a certain category, 'Oh he's a comedy guy,' or the weirdo character guy or the villain.''' ,'''I'm originally from San Francisco. I might move there some day. But, I like L.A., I have fun in L.A. It's a fun town if you've got money in your pocket. It's a good town.''' ,'''I've done so many independents for so many years. Leads that nobody's seen.''' ,'''I took a break after 'Confessions.' I was real picky. And then I suddenly realized I hadn't worked in a year. And I was sort of, like, not really happy. I think people are happier when they have structure, you know? You realize that as you get older. You have to have rituals and structure.''' ,'''I don't keep secrets from my parents, really; it's pretty open.''' ,'''My parents were both actors; my dad sort of quite early on. My mother acted for a while, and now she's a painter.''' ,'''I have memories of films that nobody ever saw, that I was very proud of, and those are still great memories.''' ,'''It's fun to improvise, but I still think it's better to have a great script, you know, like a Charlie Kaufman script.''' ,'''I've studied a technique called the Sanford Miesner technique, that teaches you how to focus. It's mainly about daydreaming. And the technique's really about imaginary circumstances. Using your imagination to sort of daydream about stuff. It makes you emotional in a scene.''' ,'''Good acting is good acting, however you learn it. Some people who haven't studied are amazing. Some people like Leonardo DiCaprio are naturally gifted - he's learned technique by working with people early on.''' ,'''I have a constant sort of melancholy approach to acting that fuels me. I want to do everything.''' ,'''I've been in more than 20 movies. You just do the best you can and try to make a living.''' ,'''One thing that bugs me in comedy is when somebody does a fake cry, you know, like they fake cry in a comedy. But in a drama they'll really cry. That bugs me.''' ,'''After 40, you want to reverse the ageing process. That's complicated for me because I spent so many years wanting to be older.''' ,'''I think a lot of theater actors that were great, like Walken or Glenn Close, later became film actors.''' ,'''I do everything I can to have a diverse career because I just want to have options. I know that I can do Hamlet or I can do Stanley Kowalski, you know.''' ,'''I had a great time with John Duigan; he's pretty amazing.''' ,'''I always do drama. It's just that some people laugh at it and some people cry.''' ,'''I think any good actor is an anarchist. They have to be.''' ,'''I'm happy that I'm finally getting some lines in my face. I always looked too young for the kind of roles I wanted. It was constraining. My face didn't fit my innards until I reached 40.''' ,'''I had those kind of parents where I watched all of these very sophisticated movies: 'Five Easy Pieces', 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.'''' ,'''Some actors don't want to, but I prefer to. I like to collaborate. Sometimes you have to keep it to yourself, and people want to do their own thing.''' ,'''I've done a lot of sorts of films that are under the radar.''' ,'''I try to steal from the best. Suck it all in. 'Taxi Driver' is really a bible for film actors, a master class. A lot of emotional power, a lot of emotional depth but it's contained and you just see the tip of the iceberg.''' ,'''You hit 41 and you don't burn calories like you used to.''' ,'''I saw things at an early age because my mom was a theater actress. I did a play with her when I was 10 years old.''' ,]
+++