+++
author = "Sam Esmail"
title = "Sam Esmail Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Sam Esmail Quotes"
keywords = "sam esmail,sam esmail quotes,sam esmail quote,sam esmail sayings,sam esmail saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know when it comes to TV, the writer is king, but to me, the filmmaker is king.''' ,'''I rip off of every movie and TV show I've ever seen in my life.''' ,'''It's strange not to allow the actor some input and breathing room into what was written on the page - it is their job to make it come alive.''' ,'''Do I want a character who just has the best motives and the best intentions, zero flaws, and is doing things for the right reasons? No!''' ,'''I've always said that the first season was the first act of my feature, so this is what I meant. I wanted the story of 'Mr. Robot' to be Elliot actually accomplishing his goal, setting the world into chaos. What would happen to society if something like this occurred where, basically, if the consumer-debt industry were to be erased?''' ,'''I went to film school to direct.''' ,'''Any time I approach a scene, it's not just what's on the page - it's how the camera's going to show or not show what's on the page. It's which character are we going to align with and what music is going to be playing.''' ,'''This is the great thing about TV is that when you discover certain strengths in an actor, you can then begin to exploit them in really fun ways.''' ,''''Pi' was one of my favorite films growing up because I thought it employed paranoia and voice-over, and also because it used this unreliable narrator in a very fascinating way.''' ,'''I always suspend logic for emotion. If it feels real, or it feels like what I'm going for, we should abandon reality a little bit and go for that. I'm not a documentarian. We're not trying to shoot things for naturalism.''' ,'''Aren't all people flawed?''' ,'''I don't cover my scenes. We approach it visually. Sometimes we go out of our way to do awkward blocking so that we can tell whatever the emotional heartbeat is of that scene in the most interesting way possible.''' ,'''Tone is very important to me.''' ,'''I'm not here to say that I want to change the TV industry.''' ,'''I'm not a huge fan of very plotty shows. I'm much more of a fan of character-driven stories.''' ,'''Movies and television show build on top of each other, succeed one another. In a large way, in terms of filmmaking aesthetics, they evolve because they can't help but be a consequence of all the movies and TV shows that came before it.''' ,'''The 2016 election, I'm sure, wasn't the first one to be hacked; it was just the first one that was made public.''' ,'''I took Pascal, and I was terrible. And then, when I went to NYU, I minored in computer science. I just couldn't code. I just didn't have the patience for it.''' ,'''I don't mind Twitter. I think it's a lot of nonsense, but at least, to me, Twitter is just more of a public forum to have conversation.''' ,'''I always thought the writing process for movies and TV shows was just a blueprint. The making of it was the thing.''' ,'''I'm controlling over anything I create. I'm very precious about it.''' ,'''I was a nerd, growing up, I was really into computers and technology, and most of my friends were basically in that world as well.''' ,'''I did not love going out to parties or even get-togethers, really - I went to the movies, which, if you think about it, is an isolating experience anyway - and this was because I had anxiety about interacting with people.''' ,'''It's weird; my fascination with tech was kind of combined with the fact that my parents would never pay for anything. It got me more involved because I would have to find clever ways to get things for free.''' ,'''Even great actors who transform who they are still go to a really honest place; I think that's sort of that special skill that actors have.''' ,'''The story of 'Mr. Robot' is really about this guy who's lonely - who's alone and feels so disconnected from the world.''' ,'''When I first created the world of 'Mr. Robot,' I thought it would be a niche television series with a small, cult following.''' ,'''The world is so heavily influenced by technology, and it has started to feel like it's not on solid ground. The world has become unreliable, unknowable. Facts are vulnerable, and things you have come to rely on are no longer there.''' ,'''With some actors, if I have upward of 10 notes, I don't want to give them all 10 notes and overwhelm them. I usually parse them out three or four at a time.''' ,'''I'm very protective of my online life, and I try and take as many security measures.''' ,'''I have tremendous social anxiety.''' ,'''Music is everything to me. It's the heart and soul of a movie or TV show to me because it can be such an injection of tone, and I think tone is everything to a story.''' ,'''It's not necessarily bad that you have angst or you have anger - it's what you do with it, how you interpret it into something profoundly moving.''' ,'''I absolutely don't deny that I was inspired by 'Fight Club,' among many other television shows and films. I completely not only acknowledge it, I own it and love to nod to them as much as possible.''' ,'''One of my favorite Tarantino films is 'Jackie Brown,' and 'Jackie Brown' does it so well, where I'm watching the back half of that movie, and I don't know which side Jackie Brown is playing. I think it's really ingenious for Tarantino to keep us in the dark on that.''' ,'''What resonates with me whenever I watch a great movie or TV show is the balance of inevitability and unpredictability. And it's a very delicate balance.''' ,'''I've always been fascinated by this idea of who we are versus who we want to be.''' ,'''You don't even know if the person you're communicating with online is actually that person. And your persona on your social media - your Facebook or Twitter - may not be the person you are in real life. So then, who is the real person? Is it somewhere in between?''' ,'''I use voiceover just like I use dialogue. There's a way to give out information or give out insight to the character or give out their worldview, and maybe you have to slip in exposition, but it's all about how you write it.''' ,'''I never look at twists as a way to trick the audience. Obviously, I think a good story has surprises and unexpected turns, and you always want to do that with an audience. But it has nothing to do with conning them or making them believe so strongly in one thing and then kind of going the other way.''' ,'''I'm not a fan of these very cutty, handheld-y kind of films or TV shows, where a cut is just every half second or every two seconds, where you're desensitized to it. To me, a cut should say something and be impactful.''' ,'''I have a brilliant sound design team who's been working with me since 'Mr. Robot,' and one of the things we always think about - and it's also something we think about with cinematography - is how we get inside the characters' heads and how do we place the audience where we want them to be or how we want them to feel at any given moment.''' ,'''I don't want to watch a show or a movie about the guy who doesn't have any problems, who is sort of a goodie two shoes and just does everything morally right, because that's not the person I relate to. That's not who I am. That's not what anyone is.''' ,'''I think there is more cohesion when you have one director on set.''' ,'''When you don't have a main character that's flawed, I don't know how you relate to that person.''' ,'''I'm not in the business of adapting things that are popular for the sake of just getting it on the screen. I think there has to be a vital reason.''' ,'''Sound design is always critical, especially when you're doing a thriller with a lot of suspense and tension.''' ,'''I'm not saying I'm a control freak, though I'll admit that I am at times.''' ,'''Looking back at 'Taxi Driver' or, really, any of the Martin Scorsese films, he really filmed New York City in a way that I saw New York City.''' ,'''You have to have that core creative team around you who's going to support your vision, and challenge and evolve it.''' ,'''I think people are more than their heritage or their skin colour or their name or how they grew up.''' ,'''Girls rejected me a lot.''' ,'''Before we started shooting 'Homecoming,' we were in the writer's room for 'Mr. Robot.' I was also editing Season 3 of 'Mr. Robot' while I was prepping for the 'Homecoming' shoot. So yeah, it's a lot of hats.''' ,''''Fight Club' is great in its spirit of anti-establishment.''' ,'''I used to hold Stanley Kubrick film festivals at my house in high school. These are not cool things.''' ,'''Reality, in general, in my opinion, has gotten blurred.''' ,'''There are some critics that will just write provocative stuff to get attention, but I would say most of the time that's not the case.''' ,'''People thought I looked weird, that I talked weird.''' ,'''I think I was told numerous times in the industry that nobody wants to watch a guy on a keyboard.''' ,'''I had a funny last name, and I didn't look like everybody else, and I got faced with a lot of racism.''' ,'''My parents were very strict Muslims, and they weren't shy about showing it.''' ,'''If your loved ones are far away, and they're uploading pictures, you feel like that's enough: these loose strands through email, through social media, are going to supply this connection you have with that person. And I think that's keeping us isolated and lonely in a way that's very dangerous because we're unaware of it.''' ,'''I love reading about other people's world view.''' ,'''The fact you can manipulate people because you can hack them and learn everything about their personal lives - that's an immense amount of power.''' ,'''When events like the Sony Hack or the news of the Russian hack of our election, we're not shocked by such events, but they are troubling.''' ,'''When I started thinking about 'Mr. Robot,' I thought about it as a movie, and I thought about the complete arc, and that is the one story I'm going to tell.''' ,'''On 'Mr. Robot,' because I run the writers' room and know every decision behind every line of dialogue, I'm able to be nimble and adapt with the scripts and the moments. I never have to question what I'm doing as I'm directing the actors or going through the scenes.''' ,'''I never let the technical stuff get in the way of the storytelling.''' ,'''That's what I did growing up. Other than being on the computer, I was watching TV and movies. I make no apologies.''' ,'''I've lived a very isolated life.''' ,'''I've seen shows that start to go down the path of fan service, and it really diminishes the quality.''' ,''''Taxi Driver' is one of those films that is groundbreaking in how much you're inside this character's head. It uses voice-over in a revolutionary way where the audience is invited as a co-conspirator to the whole story line.''' ,'''I don't care if you're a Democrat or a Republican or a conservative, the election of Trump is a national tragedy for multiple reasons. It will go down as one of the worst tragedies in American history. But he's not a dictator. This happened because we either allowed it or voted for it.''' ,'''I used to want to be a critic. I think it's an awesome job. You get to watch all this stuff and then write about it and analyze it and give insight into it. That's an amazing job. I was terrible at it, though.''' ,'''I did have friends who have suffered from schizophrenia and mild dissociative identity disorder, as well as more extreme cases of social anxiety disorder.''' ,'''With acting, a lot of it has to come from that real, honest place.''' ,'''I never try and tune anything out. I think that's a mistake. You want to bring all the honest stuff that's going on inside you into your work. Otherwise, you're keeping a lot of authenticity out.''' ,'''If you think about it, just the psychology of the superhero is, 'Because I can, I should protect people, and I should put bad guys away, and I should defend society.' But you're forming your own justice. There's no judge and jury here: you are it. That, in and of itself, is a very complicated way of looking at morality.''' ,'''A lot of unexpected things do happen on 'Mr. Robot.'''' ,'''I don't think it's political to dislike Trump. I don't think it's controversial to say he's a bad president. He's clearly a bad president. He's clearly not equipped to do the job.''' ,'''I'm a film nerd.''' ,'''I love when a protagonist and antagonist can find common ground.''' ,'''I love voiceover. I never understood this idea that it was lazy. Well, yes, there are those movies or TV shows that use it as just a way to get out exposition. But you know what? That's just bad writing.''' ,'''I went to NYU undergrad, then went to AFI for grad school.''' ,'''In a weird way, I never wanted - I don't consider myself a very good writer. I consider myself okay; I don't consider myself great. There's Woody Allen and Aaron Sorkin. There's Quentin Tarantino. I'm not ever gonna be on that level. But I do consider myself a good filmmaker.''' ,'''With TV season structures - and I'm a huge TV watcher - you look at shows like 'Breaking Bad,' which is my favorite show of all time, and 'The Sopranos,' which is pretty high up there as well, and there was that thing where, every season, Walter White would go up a level, but there would be a new bad.''' ,'''Typically, whenever you're envisioning how you're going to shoot something, you have a location or a set that you're going to build, and it's going to be built to specifications.''' ,'''I think technology gives the illusion that you are connecting with people, social media particularly.''' ,'''B. D. Wong is one of my favorite actors.''' ,'''For shows that are hyper-serialized, it just seems to make more sense to follow a feature film model than follow a television model, which was set up more for a procedural type of show.''' ,'''The one thing that I know from the personal experiences that I've had with hackers and from people in tech who are brilliant at this thing, is there's a lot of angst.''' ,''''Mr. Robot' is more directly about technology, and 'Homecoming' deals more with the pharmaceutical industry, but I think they're all part and parcel of this growing sense that things are happening behind the scenes at our expense, and we're not aware of it.''' ,'''We frame things in an off-kilter way because it's unsettling. In the 'Mr. Robot' world, that's the norm, and it's the norm for the point of view that we're looking for, which is Elliot's. With our compositions and our visual language and camera movements, it's important to always evoke that unsettling feeling underneath every scene.''' ,'''Growing up, my parents were very much about the Egyptian culture. They never really wanted to assimilate in American culture.''' ,'''I was anti-conformist.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of 'The Watch,' and I've also been on a few times. It's Andy Greenwald and Chris Ryan's show on The Ringer. It's just a great podcast about television.''' ,'''I remember growing up in suburban New Jersey, and all the computer stores were like, 'Motherboard Mayhem' and all these cheesy names.''' ,'''I could watch 'There Will Be Blood' all day long, and Daniel Plainview is a terrible person - but he's still compelling to watch. That's what makes me want to engage and see what happens next.''' ,'''The experience you're going to take the audience on is as important as the story you're trying to tell. And that experience needs to excite me so much that I am desperate to share it.''' ,'''I'm Egyptian, and my parents stupidly decided to move us down to South Carolina when I was five, which was pretty brutal.''' ,]
+++