+++
author = "Tony Leung Chiu-Wai"
title = "Tony Leung Chiu-Wai Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Tony Leung Chiu-Wai Quotes"
keywords = "tony leung chiu-wai,tony leung chiu-wai quotes,tony leung chiu-wai quote,tony leung chiu-wai sayings,tony leung chiu-wai saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Acting has always been a way for me to express the emotions I had buried. If I hadn't acted, I would have gone insane. In my acting class, I could let out my real tears and everyone thought it was the character. But no, it was me.''' ,'''As an Asian actor, I would like once in my life to do just one Hollywood movie. It would be a memorable experience.''' ,'''I always believe that Kar-Wai has a complete script: he just doesn't show it to us. He wants us to experience and explore the character. He gives you a lot of space, and you know every time will be a very long journey. You just live in the character, and that's very different from other directors.''' ,'''John Woo is a very nice and kind person; he gives almost no direction at all, trusting me to come up with the character. But when I think of him, I think of explosions!''' ,'''I'm shy. I'm not sociable. I'm very insecure.''' ,'''Once I'm committed to a role, I will go very deep into it, even when I'm not at work. I'll keep on studying the script, maybe 40 or 50 times. I might call a scriptwriter at three in the morning to say I've thought of something new.''' ,'''If I want to experience the life of an ordinary person, I cannot do it in Asia.''' ,'''Ang Lee is very precise. He will show you everything, and will let you know what he is thinking about the whole project. There are a lot of rehearsals before shooting, and you already reach a certain standard. Then he will ask for more.''' ,'''My parents broke up when I was six. Before, I was a very active, naughty child, but after my father left me, I stopped talking. I became very good at hiding my emotions. I felt so ashamed of telling others that I didn't have a father, because that was not common in the 1960s.''' ,'''Fans say I have a lot of sorrow in my eyes. It's true.''' ,]
+++