+++
author = "Mel Rodriguez"
title = "Mel Rodriguez Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Mel Rodriguez Quotes"
keywords = "mel rodriguez,mel rodriguez quotes,mel rodriguez quote,mel rodriguez sayings,mel rodriguez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The great thing about 'Breaking Bad' was they were able to write themselves out of anything.''' ,'''There's nothing like 'Enlisted' fans. I mean, they really loved us.''' ,'''I've been going to school, did theater for a long time, been plugging away for 10, 15 years. I was told earlier in my career, it's all laying track... one day, all that track is going to come together in some way, and it has.''' ,''''Goodfellas' has kind of got it all. That was probably one of my favorite films as a kid, so I carried a picture of 'Goodfellas' in my wallet.''' ,''''Last Man' is different from anything I've ever seen or done.''' ,'''My mom is very practical, and she originally wanted me to have something to fall back on. She was a little fearful of my becoming an actor because she didn't see it as a way to make a living. My dad, who was born and raised in Cuba, was really cool with it.''' ,'''My life could have easily gone another way. But I had this one teacher who gave me direction and got me into performing. She got me into touring with an educational play called 'The Inner Circle' along with Pedro Zamora from MTV's 'The Real World.'''' ,'''Without sounding too cliche, my part on 'Getting On' is the best role I've ever had. It is so rich, it is so well rounded, and I am happy to be right here. I feel like I lucked out and got one of the richest characters on TV because he is so complex.''' ,'''I do know how life can go one way or another and that it's not all just black and white, and there are many different situations and twists and turns in life.''' ,'''I still get a lot of people coming up to me and recognizing me as Nunez, because 'Community' fans are really hardcore.''' ,'''I am half Cuban American.''' ,'''I really love 'Bicycle Thief.' That just reminds me of my relationship with my father.''' ,'''I used comedy to deflect a lot of situations; if you make someone laugh, they don't want to punch you in the face.''' ,]
+++