+++
author = "Scott Patterson"
title = "Scott Patterson Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Scott Patterson Quotes"
keywords = "scott patterson,scott patterson quotes,scott patterson quote,scott patterson sayings,scott patterson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Popstars really draws you in. It's fascinating. It's interesting to watch people thrown together in that kind of a situation. Even if the egos weren't involved and they weren't trying to be world famous. It's the Real World, only better.''' ,'''I think L.A.'s terrific. You fly an hour and a half and you're in the mountains in three feet of powder. I also think it's a much better city if you're working as an actor. If you're not working and you don't see your dreams coming true, there can be a lot of heartache.''' ,'''I'd like to settle down eventually, but acting is emotionally draining.''' ,'''I get bored very easily.''' ,'''I never worked in a coffee shop and I don't drink coffee, so I never thought I would become a coffee pusher on TV.''' ,'''My accountant worships me because I'm so cautious with my money.''' ,'''In 10 different takes, you can do a scene 10 different ways.''' ,'''I write a lot of music in my time off and I compose most of the songs on guitar. I've actually gone into the studio and recorded a few things, but it's tough trying to sell a song. It's all about finding that hook, that melody.''' ,'''Passion is the thing that sustains you in acting. If you're doing it for fame and money, don't even bother because it will never happen. The last thing I ever expected was to be paid for this.''' ,'''I throw the best parties.''' ,]
+++