+++
author = "Floor Jansen"
title = "Floor Jansen Quotes"
quotes_len = "71"
description = "the best 71 Floor Jansen Quotes"
keywords = "floor jansen,floor jansen quotes,floor jansen quote,floor jansen sayings,floor jansen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am a humble person.''' ,'''Everybody needs to take a little distance from things.''' ,'''To be honest, I deliberately tend not to post things like 'I'm having a relationship' or where I live. I'm a bit reluctant to keep this kind of information up to date because people are inclined to see things like that as statements, and I rather keep a little bit of privacy, if possible at all.''' ,'''I never really thought of myself as somebody to move abroad. It just came on my path.''' ,'''When you used to be able to express yourself as an adult in your own language, or as I can do in English, for instance, it's sometimes hard to switch back to very simple talking, like I am forced to do in Finnish. So a real conversation, when I really wanna tell something, I can't do it in Finnish.''' ,'''People think that when they come up to me, screaming things into my ear, that I will respond according to what they want. I'll turn around and smile and take the photo. But I'm not somebody's marionette.''' ,'''Who on earth would expect a band such as Nightwish, to give you, of all people, the phone call, 'Hey, can you come and join us now?' Yeah, that turned everything upside down.''' ,'''Both the guys in Nightwish and I have experiences with previous band breakups and all emotions that come with it. It's almost like dating.''' ,'''Everybody meets a lot of idiots in their line of work, not just in music.''' ,'''I tried to learn the Finnish language, which is really, really, really hard, and I realized that if I want to really learn it, I need to move to Finland.''' ,'''A good glass of red wine or maybe a little bit too much every now and then is just fine. Heavy boozing, not so much, because you don't recover enough from it.''' ,'''I've studied classical singing, but not to a great extent.''' ,'''I joined a metal band with only guys when I was 17.''' ,'''I'm very happy with what I can bring into Nightwish, but I will probably want to keep on writing things. And that can take many forms as well.''' ,'''My Finnish is... I'm sounding like a three-year-old, at my best. It's super hard to really have a conversation, unfortunately. I know a lot of words, and so reading signs and stuff is becoming better, or going to a supermarket. But some specific words, of course, you don't get in your first year.''' ,'''If you are waiting for this thing that might happen tomorrow, it probably will never happen. You need to activate it now! No one else is going to do it for you, and ten years are going to go by before you even know it.''' ,'''Making an album is always a puzzle: you start by seeing a lot of different pieces, and they all need to come together into one picture.''' ,'''The whole social media thing is ridiculous. Everybody gets to say what they want all the time. That's fine in theory, but it's not civilised. Imagine going into a bar, and everybody in that bar is talking like people do online. They'd just get their teeth punched in.''' ,'''I have creative energy in me that needs to come out one way or another, but that's where Revamp comes in.''' ,'''My Finnish, it never really happened, but I'm good in Swedish.''' ,'''The success of Revamp is clear. We've sold a lot of albums, we've done very good tours, and wherever we play, we get a very positive response, and that's something that would be very nice to keep.''' ,'''I might move to Finland, at least for a while, to learn the language a bit better, 'cause you don't learn any language better than in the country itself.''' ,'''But not to have music would be unnatural to me.''' ,'''There's only so much planning you can do when it comes to pregnancies, y'know.''' ,'''We are all entitled to our own opinion.''' ,'''I didn't like progressive jazz or anything. Rock was something I like to listen to.''' ,'''Nightwish is my band, and so is Revamp. They both get my 100 percent, which is why I also cannot do them both at the same time. They're both my babies.''' ,'''I had the idea to spend the year off in 2008 and start writing a rock album. I wanted to do something else other than melodic metal after more than ten years of After Forever. I thought it would be nice to sidestep into rock.''' ,'''There is a project that I did back in 2008 with a Norwegian guitar player, Jorn Viggo Lofstad, who plays in Pagan's Mind. We wrote a rock album, and we never released it.''' ,'''No... I don't like Slayer.''' ,'''When a pregnancy begins, those cells begin their mitosis, and during the first three months, everything from limbs to organs to the brain and neurological system is being developed, and I never realized that would consume so much energy: it drains every bit of energy you have, and your hormonal status is changed dramatically!''' ,'''Thinking Slayer's music is not my thing doesn't mean I don't respect the band for what they are and what they've done. I just won't play it. As I can imagine they won't listen to mine either, for that matter.''' ,'''Unfortunately, life unfolds as it does, and you can't do everything at the same time, and you can't do some things if you can't spend the time.''' ,'''If I'm happy, you can tell, and there's no way of faking it.''' ,'''Sometimes, I would love to record a super-quiet album, but for some reason, I never really got to that because my heart lies with the heavy stuff.''' ,'''When After Forever stopped, I didn't want to first find a band, then see if I could write with them, figure that whole thing out, then record an album. Instead, I worked with people I knew would be good songwriters out of an idea how I thought it would sound like.''' ,'''I don't have a poker face at all - I have a very, very expressional face, and I have no control over that.''' ,'''Make music when I want to in whatever style I would like to. That is something that I know that I'm not the only Nightwish member who has that. That's a luxury we can take, and we will.''' ,'''I have been fortunate enough to see many places of this earth and most certainly a lot of art, but I would be more interested to see more of the natural wonders of the world.''' ,'''You always speak the language you hear most.''' ,'''For me, I'm way more at home in heavy metal than I am in classical music.''' ,'''There seems to sometimes be an entire genre called 'female-fronted metal.'''' ,'''Musically, I have little ambition. The only real ambition I have is to make music and do music whenever I feel like it, without any real ambition or planning.''' ,'''It's good to reflect on life and take a step back and sit and relax and do something else.''' ,'''I wasn't personally that familiar with the Classic Rock bands. That is where Jorn Viggo came in: he played me tons of that stuff - Deep Purple, Led Zeppelin, plus a lot of bands with cool songs, riffs, vocals, etc. We really listened to tons of music.''' ,'''Not everyone is as equally as adventurous as me. I get that.''' ,'''Why should we bother making a super high-quality, expensive album if nobody is going to pay for it anyway and will just download it for free as an MP3 that has no depth whatsoever because of the small file size?''' ,'''I agree that it's a macho world, metal, but it's also a very, very social world, where people are loving music in respect for one another, female or male.''' ,'''I cannot work on a Revamp album when I tour with Nightwish. And I cannot do any Nightwish stuff when I'm touring with Revamp.''' ,'''I don't need to be the singer of Nightwish 24/7 when I'm not touring or when I want to go to the supermarket in my comfy pants.''' ,'''I don't always have to be the best. Things don't always have to be perfect.''' ,'''It's not so surprising that there are more women in metal bands. And they're not just fronting them. There are drummers and guitar players, bass players.''' ,'''I'm studying Finnish, and it's one of the five most difficult languages in the world. And the more I learn, the more I realize that's definitely true.''' ,'''I do know I will enjoy family life. What I've seen from moms, or heard stories from people who became a parent, it's such a consuming thing; it's such a wonderful thing. I consider it an extreme luxury to have that time and to not have to do anything else, and just be with my kid.''' ,'''Even though Nightwish is my life and I love what I do - I could do this every day - to not do it really makes you desire even more for it again.''' ,'''Arch Enemy is a female-fronted metal band, but so is Delain. They don't sound alike at all. The only thing they both are are metal bands, but the style within metal is so massively different that it doesn't really say much whether there's a girl singing or not. So it's really not so important.''' ,'''I think every physiotherapist will tell you that it's not a very good idea, and there are many musicians in the metal scene who have suffered severe damage - like, the guitar player from Iced Earth, Jon Schaffer, had severe neck problems due to headbanging.''' ,'''Living in Finland as a singer of Nightwish, I'm used to having people around me all the time that know who I am. In the Netherlands, people never really knew or cared or whatever.''' ,'''I find the opera part in 'The Greatest Show on Earth' challenging.''' ,'''Now, when you've been in the band for three years, you get used to the position, in a sense. I don't think about it every day like, 'Oh my God, I'm the singer of Nightwish!'''' ,'''Revamp is a band that would deserve the hundred-percent devotion a band needs, and at this moment, I don't see any future for another band next to a band such as Nightwish, and with the ambition to become a mother, I will have to let Revamp go, which is a very sad decision.''' ,'''I didn't think of my pregnancy as a handicap for one minute, but having said that, I think the only big challenge was being so tired all the time.''' ,'''Actually, I consider both Nightwish and Revamp equal.''' ,'''The most metal? Some would say Slayer, but I think they're a dreadful band. Unbelievably boring. Terrible. Apparently it's not metal to say that, but it's a personal opinion.''' ,'''I always feel I need to do well regardless of the level of the band.''' ,'''I really like to meet people, but only when I have the energy for it.''' ,'''I had a general burnout: I got extremely tired; I couldn't do anything anymore. I canceled tours; I cancelled everything in my life. For a year and a half, I was completely sick; I couldn't do anything. So yeah, I wanted to write about it in my lyrics. 'Anatomy Of A Nervous Breakdown' is really about that, the inspiration behind it.''' ,'''When I have the opportunity to meet fans that support me, I always try to do so.''' ,'''I'm not the kind of singer that's always super, super careful.''' ,'''Meeting fans and taking pictures is an extra I would like to offer when time and energy allow it. It's not something a fan can presume to have.''' ,'''Since the moment I joined with Nightwish, I have been working non-stop.''' ,]
+++