+++
author = "Lorne Greene"
title = "Lorne Greene Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Lorne Greene Quotes"
keywords = "lorne greene,lorne greene quotes,lorne greene quote,lorne greene sayings,lorne greene saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't believe in retiring. Your mind stops working then.''' ,'''I played a loving but stern figure of authority and it seems the kids who write me want that kind of a parent instead of one who is a 'pal' to them.''' ,'''I was typecast in 'Bonanza.' NBC officials - didn't realize this for about a year - had seen me in a 'Wagon Train' as a patriarch with a son. So when we started 'Bonanza,' they had me playing the father as a 65- year-old.''' ,'''Even 'Bonanza' was derivative of other westerns and, of course, other westerns were derivative of 'Bonanza.'''' ,'''It's too bad that television needs so much material and does not leave time for quality writing. That's one of the things I have against television.''' ,'''It's not an easy job, but the satisfaction an actor feels when he has done a good job and the money make it worth while.''' ,'''My wife, Nancy, and I like to meet new people, renew old friendships and accept new challenges. At home we like to have small dinner parties. Sundays we have buffet brunches.''' ,'''I played Big Brother in a Studio One presentation of '1984,' and that should have marked me as a villain to American producers. But I went straight from that to placing a saint - St, Peter in 'The Silver Chalice,' which may have been one of the worst movies ever made.''' ,'''The Cartwrights happen to be a family that other families want to be like.''' ,'''When NBC switched the series in September to Tuesday nights opposite 'Maude' it died. 'Bonanza' had become too familiar with a Sunday audience. Tuesday just wasn't the day for it.''' ,'''Getting old doesn't frighten me. But I've got to take care of myself.''' ,'''In one part of my mind, I regret that there were 15 years spent not acting. But in the other part of my mind, I have no regrets. If I had been acting, I wouldn't have been able to do so many of the things I have done.''' ,'''In 'Battlestar' I'm the military and spiritual leader as well as a father. As a military commander I can treat Apollo only as I treat everyone else. At certain times, Adama has to be the commander and give the necessary orders, no matter how much it may pain him to do so.''' ,'''My very first major job in the United States was a heavy.''' ,'''A character in a TV series tends to grow and take shape as you go along.''' ,'''That's the joy of acting, to bring something to it. That's what makes acting exciting. Just saying lines is not terribly exciting.''' ,'''I played every kind of role In Canada except that of a villain.''' ,'''Wildlife photography takes a long time because you have to wait for things to happen.''' ,'''Acting has been my profession for more than 40 years and I can't retire.''' ,'''I wanted to do a wildlife series. I kept remembering those days in Algonquin Park, drifting along in the bottom of a canoe, and I wanted to transfer that feeling to the viewers.''' ,'''I make the 'New Wilderness' for the drama. I want people to sit on the edge of their chairs. I want them to laugh, smile, cry.''' ,'''When I get a letter that says, 'I'm 18 and have always been attracted to older men,' then it usually means that girl has no father.''' ,'''I learned then that an actor must always be himself, and must not be influenced by the people with whom he works.''' ,'''I think the hearing loss started with 'Bonanza.' Sometimes the director would put us in a box canyon and have us fire our guns. The sound would really reverberate in a box canyon. It took me a long time to realize what was coming on me.''' ,'''We're long on conversation in our house. Therefore, I don't like going to restaurants too much. There are too many distractions.''' ,'''Characters make a show.''' ,'''I've never gotten into a heated argument with people. Heat diffuses reason.''' ,'''Bonanza' has given me the springboard to dive in so many other things. You'll hear no complaints from me. Certainly, there are times when I would like to have one spoonful of clam chowder before being asked to sign autographs, but that's part of the price.''' ,'''We used our brains to create and program them, and now we have to continue to use our brains to prevent computers from taking over our lives.''' ,'''I find that the harder I work, the younger I feel.''' ,'''It's a sad commentary when children feel they can talK to a stranger better than their own parents and ask him to solve their personal problems.''' ,'''I hope that people will watch 'Griff' to see how I handle a role like this.''' ,'''I'm vice chairman of the American Wild Horse Protection Association and honorary chairman of the Wildlife Federation.''' ,'''Learn about life and when fate takes you by the hand, go. Do it. Dare to do.''' ,'''My daughter has a couple of those small calculators, but she never uses them. I think they're fine if you need to double-check your figures, but people really shouldn't let them replace basic math skills.''' ,'''Slavery wasn't something that grew up in the American South. and black people were not the first to be slaves in America. Before them there were 'indentured laborers,' taken out of jails in England and Scotland and so forth and brought to the colonies to work out their terms in the fields and then be set free.''' ,'''I think one of the worst things to ever happen to American man is that he was told he was going to retire at age 65.''' ,'''In my youth I wanted to be a concert violinist.''' ,'''Do I drink in public? Certainly I drink in public! Ben Cartwright wouldn't, but I do.''' ,'''I received a considerable personal response to my part in 'Roots.'''' ,'''A woman, by nature, is more emotional than a man and is not equipped to approach certain responsibilities with the authority that has been inherent in man.''' ,'''Bonanza' was never a violent show, yet it is set in an era when men wore guns and violence was a fact of life.''' ,'''I was a Shakespearean actor, and a well-paid one.''' ,'''The world is not the prettiest place in this planetary universe.''' ,'''People go to see Shakespeare plays over and over, not because the story is new, but because they want to see how a certain actor will perform in a role that is familiar to the audience.''' ,'''If someone had asked me when we started 'Bonanza' what was Ben Cartwright like, I couldn't have articulated very much.''' ,'''I don't know whether I could ever match my father as a person, but as an actor I try to be like him.''' ,'''I don't mind hard work.''' ,'''Galactica' resembles 'Bonanza' because it's all theater.''' ,'''Too many creative people never get to see the light of day because shows hang on too long.''' ,'''If I were following trends, I would never have done 'Ringo.'''' ,'''I have always been interested in the whole spectrum of the outdoors.''' ,'''I remember going out alone in a canoe. Somebody told me to lie in the bottom of the canoe and just drift. It was a small lake and I was perfectly safe. So I did that, and I drifted. It was quiet and peaceful. Suddenly, I heard a loon cry the first time I ever heard that marvelous sound.''' ,'''I lived with my 'Bonanza' family for 14 years. On 'Battlestar,' we jumped right in and got to know each other later. That's just the way television is.''' ,'''The father-son relationship is the strongest there is. It's been the basis of drama all the way back to the Bible. Notice, Abraham wasn't told to sacrifice a daughter.''' ,'''I am a man who likes work. It's not a matter of financial security.''' ,'''There's a million and one things an actor can do with a villain. He can go for all kinds of quirks and tricks. The hero is much harder to define for an actor. When you play a straight role or a hero, you're kind of stuck, It's much more difficult to give a good guy interesting qualities or to make him unusual.''' ,'''Yes, 'Bonanza' has made me very comfortable. I have a big four-level contemporary house in West Los Angeles and a modest summer home in East Marion, LI.''' ,'''A detective story is just the premise for conflict, as a Western is.''' ,'''Children are keenly aware of every situation where mother figuratively wears the pants in the home, and they're scornful of her for it. By the same token, the same attitude on the part of their father commands respect, even If it may at times engender fear.''' ,'''One world government has to happen.''' ,'''I finally got help after a tennis match with my wife. I couldn't hear her across the net. She finally smashed her racket against a rock. That got my attention. I didn't know I was going deaf, I thought people were talking too softly.''' ,'''I was dragged kicking and screaming into a high-school play then discovered it was fun!''' ,'''I feel energetic when I'm working.''' ,'''My little girl was born in Los Angeles, and my wife was born in Bethlehem, Pa.''' ,'''Competition sparks excellency.''' ,'''Of great importance to my outlook on life is the opportunuty I get to meet people on various appearances. I suppose I could devote every weekend to appearances and i do try to make as many as I can.''' ,'''When I was 16, I discovered wildlife. My father took me to a place called Algonquin Park in Northern Ontario - it has some 1,600 lakes.''' ,'''If your cat's up a tree, you call the fire department. If someone's hurt, you call the fire department. If there's a mudslide or your house is on fire, you call the fire department. They're our first line of defense.''' ,'''The Smothers Brothers have a good show, bul CBS is going to have to spend an awful lot of money to keep it going with top guest stars. A variety show is very expensive.''' ,'''I've been interested and concerned with wildlife for a heck of a long time.''' ,'''When my father and I were off in the woods or off fishing, we were communicating all the time. We didn't catch many fish and my father was a pretty good fisherman but he just like to take one or two fish and then we would make camp and broil those fish and eat them.''' ,'''Every actor - every human being - looks for security.''' ,'''We still have slavery of all kinds - slavery of thought, slavery of ideas, slavery of cultureand I think 'Roots' exemplifies, in a very strong way, man's need to think for himself, feel for himself, do for himself.''' ,'''What I'd really like to do is make maybe two or three movies a year.''' ,'''I left Canada in 1953 because I could find nothing very satisfying about delivering commercial pitches on camera. I felt the whole atmosphere of TV in Canada was listless.''' ,'''Bonanza' was on too long. I've never believed any TV show should go on that length of time.''' ,'''For 14 years I had that run in Canada as a newscaster. When I decided to quit in 1953 I was making more money than the prime minister. Then I was a freelance actor for six years in Canada, the U.S., and England. Then 'Bonanza' came along and I had another 14 year run.''' ,'''When you have the top show your scripts have to be more than competitive. They should be the best.''' ,'''I look after my car very well.''' ,'''We have such a marvelous interplay between Canada and the United States.''' ,'''I've been on a ranch. I've been in outer space. For a short, unhappy period I was a detective. I've also played Brutus and 14 or 15 other Shakespearean roles.''' ,'''The only way we can reduce the number of these endangered species is to improve and provide additional habitat where they can live and reproduce.''' ,'''A diversity of interests keep me very much alive.''' ,'''I felt that after 14 years we deserved more than just a day and a half's notice. There wasn't even a chance to wind up 'Bonanza' in a blaze of glory.''' ,'''People talk about the energy crisis, but the worst future crisis may be in food.''' ,'''Star Wars' was derivative of 'Buck Rogers' and 'Flash Gordon,' wasn't it?''' ,'''If I look forward to a day when I'm just going to play tennis, I'm kinda sad.''' ,'''Every once in a while I get a fan letter from someone about thinking he or she saw me in an episode of an old western or police series. The writers are probably right.''' ,'''I think we will have terrorism in the United States as it has been in the Middle East and in Europe.''' ,'''The woman who rules her roost is one of two things: she's illogical, therefore spoiling her children, or she's an iron-fisted disciplinarian, adopting the attitude that rightfully belongs to the man and losing the precious softness that is her birthright.''' ,'''I believe in reasoned debate.''' ,'''The average American husband has relinquished his responsibility as head of his household. Though the wife is partly at fault, he is mostly to blame. I'm not suggesting that women should return to the subservient position before their emancipation when they were virtually slaves of their husbands. But freedom for women can be overdone.''' ,'''I don't care how big you are! Big bones don't weigh any more than small bones.''' ,'''In China, the rich enslaved the poor, and in England and Scotland and all over the world, one person, through his power and wealth and standing, was able to enslave others. Don't torget, mankind has had wars where we sent armies to enslave other countries; history is full of slavery.''' ,'''My feeling is that no series should run over five years, but I'm glad that 'Bonanza' went as long as it did. I do resent the fact that in the last year, the network switched us from our old slot on Sunday nights to Tuesdays without much of a promotional campaign.''' ,'''Ben Cartwright was patterned after my father, who never saw 'Bonanza.' In that sense, my father will live for a long time.''' ,'''In 'Galactica' I play a good guy again. But the truth of the matter is that I enjoy playing heavies more.''' ,'''I never had even been on a horse and I thought guns were for the police until 'Bonanza' came along.''' ,'''There are many ways in which man thoughtlessly destroys wildlife habitat.''' ,]
+++