+++
author = "Andrew Robertson"
title = "Andrew Robertson Quotes"
quotes_len = "67"
description = "the best 67 Andrew Robertson Quotes"
keywords = "andrew robertson,andrew robertson quotes,andrew robertson quote,andrew robertson sayings,andrew robertson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Even when I have a good game, you can still do things better.''' ,'''My brother and I had Henrik Larsson posters everywhere.''' ,'''A team like Liverpool you are not going to turn down.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong: it's unbelievable getting linked with big clubs. That's where you want to go; of course it is.''' ,'''At the top end of the Premier League, you have to be ruthless. Even just to get in the top four is hard.''' ,'''Nobody wants the left-back's shirt.''' ,'''You want the world-class players playing at the World Cup, and you want them to do themselves justice.''' ,'''That's why it's hardest to win a Premier League instead of a Champions League - because it's over 38 games. You can't play well in every game, but it's about grinding out results.''' ,'''I had grown up going to Celtic Park with Mum, Dad, and my brother. We had four season tickets.''' ,'''I don't get emotional.''' ,'''I went to St. Ninians, which is the same school that Aiden McGeady went to.''' ,'''I don't like it if I'm not part of the starting 11.''' ,'''It's funny, actually... a few clubs called when I was in preseason with Hull in 2017, but I wasn't really that interested. My missus was pregnant, and we were in the process of getting everything ready for our big arrival - that was our top priority, like any expectant parents.''' ,'''When you get the armband, everyone looks to you to lead, and when things go wrong, then you get criticised the most, and I need to take that on the chin.''' ,'''I've been very fortunate that I've played under a lot of very good captains.''' ,'''There is no point in getting nervous. I get a few butterflies in my stomach, but it isn't really nerves but things that will help your game.''' ,'''I always believed in my ability. I just had to work hard and be patient and, yeah, at times it didn't look likely. You need a wee stroke of luck but every chance I've been given, I've taken.''' ,'''If you're let go from Celtic, the club you support, and go to Queen's Park, people think it's a disaster. I don't think I cried, but I was very upset. As a young boy, your dream has been taken away. But I had good people around me, and it was probably the best thing that happened.''' ,'''Everything I get praised for, I can still work on and get better.''' ,'''When you hear Liverpool want you, you call your agent back in about five seconds.''' ,'''I know when people say I'm some sort of Cinderella Man that it's meant as a compliment. I appreciate that, but to be totally honest, it doesn't feel like one, because it isn't true.''' ,'''I'm not a person who wants to be the centre of attention or anything like that.''' ,'''I've never thought that being Scottish should mean there was any kind of barrier to me getting where I wanted to go, and I still feel like I can keep improving.''' ,'''Going for titles and medals - who wouldn't want that? Trust me, it's a much nicer feeling than fighting relegation.''' ,'''When I got the chance to play in the Premier League with Hull City in 2014, I had lived a lot of real life.''' ,'''Not many things bug me, but if there's one thing that does, it's the idea that my story is a football fairytale.''' ,'''I'm never going to question the fans.''' ,'''Just before I left Dundee United, I captained them for one game, although I think that was maybe to keep me there!''' ,'''I'll never praise myself, because I think there's always improvement to be made.''' ,'''In the long run of the league, the best team always wins.''' ,'''There's not much point breaking records if, in the end, it doesn't mean anything.''' ,'''I have always said that I am one to look forward rather than back; what has happened in the past I can't change now. What is forward, I can.''' ,'''Everyone knows what toothache's like: it's one of those dull pains that just won't go away.''' ,'''A point at Old Trafford is never a bad result.''' ,'''The food bank is something I've always supported because there's no excuse for anyone to go without food.''' ,'''For me, at the level I'm playing at, I would love to finish my career at Liverpool if you gave me that option.''' ,'''You can get lucky in the cups, but you don't get lucky over a 38-game season.''' ,'''No magic wands have been waved in my direction; I didn't win some kind of lottery to land a spot at one of the biggest clubs in the world.''' ,'''Relegation - that's pressure.''' ,'''It seems to be a big thing to people that a Scottish player is going to play in the Champions League final, but hopefully that will become a more regular thing.''' ,'''Sometimes my passes don't find people, but I do try and create.''' ,'''We all need to chip in with goals and assists. It's not just the front three. It's not just the defence that keeps clean sheets, either. It's a team game.''' ,'''I'm not a good spectator; I'm a nightmare when I'm injured and I'm not playing.''' ,'''I don't like sitting on the bench even when it was very rare at Hull to rest during cup games.''' ,'''My ambitions were always to be a solid SPL player.''' ,'''Sometimes, the fact is that you need to think of your health - because what use is it for Ryan Fraser to try and be a hero for one game, then end up out for six months?''' ,'''I was brought up in Glasgow, and I was a big Celtic follower.''' ,'''It always helps when the nation is behind you.''' ,'''Football is full of highs and lows, but when people retire, they often say, 'I wish I'd enjoyed it more.'''' ,'''I like pressure. I put in on myself, and I think I get the best out of myself by doing that.''' ,'''I've never wanted to be a poster boy, but if I'm going to be a poster boy for anything, it should be this. If you don't give up, and if you carry on believing in yourself when others are doubting you, you can make it.''' ,'''My first year at Queen's Park, I just wasn't good enough, but that tough period shaped me.''' ,'''When I moved to Hull and I was playing against players in the Premier League, maybe I pinched myself then.''' ,'''With or without the armband, I would love to pull on the country's colours. That doesn't change.''' ,'''I don't make any secret of it - I hate not playing.''' ,'''A lot of players try to buy penalties, and sometimes defenders can't do a lot about it.''' ,'''Celtic was a part of our family. It still is.''' ,'''Once you get a feeling for trophies and going far in European tournaments with your club, then you want to replicate that with your country.''' ,'''I set myself high standards, and when I drop below them, I'm not happy about it.''' ,'''I think, as a country, that we can be quite harsh on ourselves.''' ,'''There are lots of different people who use food banks - from young parents to older people.''' ,'''Queens Park was amateur, so you do not get paid. You need to make a living, and for the first few years, when I was in the youth side, it was fine because I was still at school.''' ,'''If there's competition in training, then the training is intense, and then you have the pressure of a weekend that if you don't put in good performances, then your place is maybe up for grabs.''' ,'''Look at the English league. Everyone down there backs it. That's why it's so highly spoken of. If Scottish football can do that, it will make it a lot more appealing to some fans who are maybe not coming.''' ,'''The people who sadly stay in on a Saturday - and I include myself in there - look forward to 'Match of the Day.'''' ,'''I just try to take everything in my stride.''' ,'''It's great being a dad. It's like anyone, if things aren't going well at work, and you go home and see your missus and kid, then it cheers you up straight away.''' ,]
+++