+++
author = "Eric Weddle"
title = "Eric Weddle Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Eric Weddle Quotes"
keywords = "eric weddle,eric weddle quotes,eric weddle quote,eric weddle sayings,eric weddle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I brush it, brush it after every practice and stuff, just because it gets tangled. It's just all natural, let it grow, let it be, let it be real.''' ,'''I'm as loyal as anyone and will do anything for people I respect. But if you don't give that back to me in return, you're dead to me.''' ,'''I love the game. But I love my wife and kids more. I can't tell you how many sacrifices I make throughout the season. I leave the house at 4:15 A.M. and get home at 7 P.M. and see my kids an hour every night. It's been sacrificing for nine years. It's not just about what's best for me. It's about what's best for me and my family.''' ,'''When you think of Baltimore, you think of football. You don't think of anything else. This is what I want. I've always wanted it.''' ,'''I love working with the youth. I am just as new to the gospel as lot of the kids, so I get just as much out of it as they do. Just being around them makes it one of the best callings.''' ,'''I think I'm one of the best. If you don't think that, then that's your opinion.''' ,'''Obviously, there is a high standard here of getting into the playoffs and having a chance at the ultimate goal, and that is the Super Bowl.''' ,'''When I didn't go to church during my first two years in the NFL, I didn't know how it would impact me as a person. It was hard to go six or seven months without church.''' ,'''Football is important, but my family and faith are also important, and no matter how good a football player I am, I knew I still needed to be a good member of the church. Having that spiritual connection helped me throughout the season. It brought balance. I felt better about myself and saw improvements in all aspects of my life.''' ,'''If I am running 100 yards, I should be cut. Because then I am getting beat. I do not need to be doing that. I need to be running 20, 30, 40 yards as fast as I can over and over and over at optimal energy and efficiency and speed.''' ,'''I know what my body can do.''' ,'''Going through everything in my mind, I kept waking up in the middle of the night thinking Baltimore, thinking this is my fit, this is where I want to be, and they want me.''' ,'''If teams are doubting me and offering me such a small amount of money, it might not be worth moving my family.''' ,'''Ed Reed is a legend. Ed Reed will always be the standard that, as players, we look up to and strive to be like.''' ,'''I can guarantee you this: We will be the strongest, most in-shape Ravens team that this team has ever had.''' ,'''I think I have respect from players, coaches, and certain media who watch the games. I'm not a youngster anymore.''' ,'''I want to be appreciated, to be loved, to feel wanted.''' ,'''I always try to remind myself, when it's tough, when your body's sore and you're hurting, I try to sit back and tell myself, 'Would you rather be doing anything else in the world at this moment?'''' ,'''Our kids are super outgoing and energetic, and they definitely don't stay in the house at all.''' ,'''I've played in San Diego for nine years and gone against my new team a bunch of times, and I've always envied their success. I've always envied the way they play, the way they go about business.''' ,'''A lot of guys thought I'd bow down to them, but I wasn't like that. I was just trying to play football and do my thing.''' ,'''It's not a selfish desire, growing a beard, but maybe I need to not have the beard, and it'll bring us more wins.''' ,'''I've always been able to overcome things, and to this day, it still bugs me that I couldn't overcome a ball to the face. But I think things worked out for the best.''' ,'''I try to keep a Sabbath perspective.''' ,'''I want to be great. I want to be the best.''' ,'''I wanted to be the best, and I was going to outplay anyone out there. I've always been that way.''' ,'''That irritates me the most - missing tackles.''' ,'''I'm not going to waste time or energy spent on something I can't control.''' ,'''I can sit back in 10, 15, 20 years, when I'm sitting with my kids, I'll be able to say that I'm sitting in Ravens Stadium during a game, and I'm watching one of the best swimmers ever win a Gold for the U.S. You know, as you get older, you cherish those kinds of moments.''' ,'''I live and breathe football.''' ,'''I want to go somewhere I have a chance to win a Super Bowl.''' ,'''I want everyone to do well and to be as successful as you can. Because at the end of the day, this game is about relationships and what you make of them.''' ,'''They welcomed me like I have been a Raven my whole life. It meant a lot to me. I knew what I could bring to the team, on and off the field.''' ,'''I don't really worry or waste my energy on where I rank and this and that. I know where I'm at.''' ,'''I want to continue to show what I'm all about.''' ,'''I went from being one of the best players, batting .550, to not being able to do it mentally, hitting .200. I thought I was mentally tough. But I couldn't hit the ball.''' ,'''Understanding why we are here, what we are supposed to be doing, relationships, and striving to do more other than play football - when you get understanding like that and apply it, it works wonders.''' ,'''When your heart tells you something, you have to go with it.''' ,'''People didn't like me because I didn't take any garbage.''' ,'''I've been the underdog my whole life.''' ,'''I never, ever dreamed that I'd play in the NFL.''' ,'''I have noticed a difference in myself spiritually. I have had a better relationship with my wife and kids. It's because I am putting the gospel first. I just wish it hadn't taken me so long to realize it.''' ,'''We came from a neighborhood that was kind of older, so we didn't have that many kids that would go out and play. We moved into a neighborhood that has, like, 50 kids in it. There are 12 houses where we kind of all share a big backyard, and we're all circled in there. If one kid goes out there, they all go out and play.''' ,'''I want to help my team win, and this is a winning organization, so there's no added pressure.''' ,'''I just wanted to work, build a relationship with my teammates, and earn their trust.''' ,'''I usually take the first batch of some ice cream, eat it, and then about an hour later, at halftime of the Sunday night game, I go after a second serving. So I pretty much get a whole gallon of ice cream Sunday night. It's pretty bad.''' ,'''It's a blessing to know that the church and the gospel are the same no matter where I go. I can find a church and know the services and feel at home there.''' ,'''I just want to go out on a high note, go out on top, and lead my team.''' ,'''Everybody drops balls every once in awhile. I just can't let it happen.''' ,'''I'm a pro. I'm a professional and strive to be the best and try to have fun.''' ,'''There's so much uncertainty within certain players and the organization.''' ,'''The things I felt Baltimore would give me is a team that gives everything for each other and a team that wants to win and has a goal to win a Super Bowl every year.''' ,'''It honestly feels like high school or college all over again. You're comfortable; you see the game. You've seen a lot of ups and downs, a lot of good plays and bad plays. They're all in the back of your head. It's all just experience over the years. There are guys that play well as rookies, but it's hard.''' ,'''I've been to just one AFC championship game.''' ,'''I've never had surgery. I don't drink. I don't go out. My shoulders, back, legs, hip, they're all fine. I think I bring a lot to a team.''' ,'''Great night. Phelps got a gold. How sick is that.''' ,'''San Diego is the best city in the world.''' ,'''If I don't trim the upper lip, my wife wouldn't kiss me. You have to take into account her needs as well.''' ,'''For me, personally, I'm a simple guy.''' ,'''I'm not Ed Reed. I'm Eric Weddle, and you're going to get a great Eric Weddle that does a lot of amazing things on the football field. And there's no pressure; pressure is self-inflicted.''' ,'''Baltimore, it's been an amazing place and experience. It's opened my eyes a little bit just of other organizations. I'm proud to be a part of this team, proud to be part of this group of men that really challenged each other, never pointed the fingers, never turned our backs on each other.''' ,'''There's a love of San Diego that I will always cherish, but this is the East. It's football - these people love rooting for the Ravens, and this gives you extra motivation in life to go get what you want.''' ,]
+++