+++
author = "Vikramaditya Motwane"
title = "Vikramaditya Motwane Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Vikramaditya Motwane Quotes"
keywords = "vikramaditya motwane,vikramaditya motwane quotes,vikramaditya motwane quote,vikramaditya motwane sayings,vikramaditya motwane saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I look back I either feel I did this mistake while shooting or writing. Eventually you try and make sure you do not repeat the same mistake with your next film. I always feel I could have made the film better.''' ,'''It does hurt that your parents are not together and they are fighting. Looking back, I grew up a little quicker than I would have normally. I spent half the week with my mom and half with my dad.''' ,'''I think Raju Hirani and Farah Khan are the only two filmmakers who can balance the multiplex audiences and the single-screen audiences.''' ,'''In 2007, I probably wrote four screenplays in the entire year. Every three months I was writing a screenplay.''' ,'''In this industry, you are as good as your last hit.''' ,'''You can be technically strong, and focus all your efforts on elements like casting, music, cinematography and sets, but they are all just add ons. End of the day, filmmaking is really about how well you tell a story.''' ,'''I was born in Mumbai and brought up between Mumbai and Nashik.''' ,'''In India, it's tough to shoot a period film outdoors. You cannot find mud roads without wires, signage and billboards with ads of mobile phones even in rural areas.''' ,'''Of all the films that I have directed, I think 'Lootera' is the one that could have been better.''' ,'''If you're making a statement just to poke, people can see that. If you're making it to say something genuinely, people can understand that as well. They are smart enough to see the difference.''' ,'''I'm willing to fail, my producers are willing to fail, my crew is willing to fail.''' ,'''Graphic novels are all about fantasies. Superman and Batman started it. It's like a reaction to environment around you. You desire to do things in comic books or films what you can't do in real life.''' ,'''To be a showrunner and a director is beyond exhausting.''' ,'''I relate to all kinds of film.''' ,'''I read pretty much every graphic novel I could lay my hands on. Not only 'Batman' or 'Daredevil,' but random ones like 'Black AF' and '100 Bullets.'''' ,'''Dystopia is a very interesting setting. Whether it's '1984' or 'Fahrenheit 451'... Dystopia is a wonderfully cinematic setting.''' ,'''Trapped' is unique because it focuses on one character who is stuck in an apartment.''' ,'''There should be a certification process to suggest if a particular film is suitable for 12-year-olds, 15-year-olds or 18-year-olds. The same thing I think applies for the Internet.''' ,'''I lock myself up in the apartment when I am writing a script. There's no phone, no Wi-Fi, no distractions whatsoever.''' ,'''You have to be honest about what kind of films you want to make.''' ,'''I love the new Marvel films, but I am not crazy about them. It is no longer a sub-genre or a fanboy genre. It has become so mainstream. You cannot say, 'I love superhero movies.' Everyone loves superhero movies now.''' ,'''I'm happy Lootera has sparked off a discussion.''' ,'''I have not understood till date why we censor adult films. If someone over 18 can get married, produce children and drive cars, why can't they watch a movie?''' ,'''Showrunning is when you're the constant creative voice in the show. For a year-and-a-half, you are working on the scripts, you're fine-tuning them, you're the final say on the edit, the music and the cast.''' ,'''Making realistic films is basically about the style.''' ,'''Make movies that you want to go and watch in a theatre.''' ,'''Trapped' is the story of a guy stuck in an apartment with no food, no water and no electricity, and of his survival based on his primal instincts.''' ,'''You want every film that you make to do well, not just indie films in general.''' ,'''I am not afraid of slowing down moments - if you have the right emotion in the right place at the right time, you can have any length of film you want.''' ,'''Problems just make me more determined.''' ,'''Bombay is the ideal microcosm of India, of that whole sense of inequality where you could have the biggest skyscrapers next to the poorest slums.''' ,'''I love writing but it's a real pain. It's a miserable process - very satisfying but very miserable.''' ,'''When you are working on a movie, you have to ensure that the journey of characters ends in two hours.''' ,'''I try not to read all reviews, but its just that after a point there is nothing much that you can do about it. You can learn and take forward things and use it in your next film. As long as reviews translate into bums on the seat, I think there isn't much I can do.''' ,'''My forte is editing and I am most experienced in that. I love the challenge of playing with material and imagination while editing.''' ,'''I've come to a point where I am less nervous when I am supposed to start a film. I am still super nervous on the day but I've lost a lot of my fear about what kind of perception people have about my film.''' ,'''It is extremely satisfying when you finish a script, but the process of it can be just nerve-wracking.''' ,'''Horror movies make a lot of money in India.''' ,'''Give me a story which I connect with and then I am going to do it.''' ,'''It's always a challenge to adapt a novel for screen, a visual medium.''' ,'''In a certain way, I believe 'Trapped' is far more accessible than 'Lootera.' What makes it accessible is that it can happen to anyone. We all have a fear of getting trapped in a certain place or being locked out of our houses.''' ,'''The job of any artiste is to open the eyes of the public to their surroundings and make them aware of it.''' ,'''Phantom Films is an established production house and it will help to spread awareness about the documentary film 'Katiyabaaz' among the audience. I saw this film and I loved it. Then we decided to support this film.''' ,'''But a lot of 'Bhavesh Joshi' comes from the 'angry young man' - the Bachchan films of the '70s or the Sunny Deol films of the '80s, where there is someone who has been wronged and wants to do the right thing.''' ,'''Personally, the films I love include 'Black Friday,' 'Lage Raho Munna Bhai,' 'Love Sex Aur Dhoka,' and 'Zindagi Na Milege Dobara' because they work at the box office and are complete packages.''' ,'''Of course, you have to think of the audience. You cannot make an obtuse film that only appeals to a small niche section of the audience.''' ,'''It doesn't matter how big the film is - if the story is not good, it will not be accepted. Stardom can maybe pull audiences to theatres but beyond that it is all about content.''' ,'''Both 'Udaan' and 'Lootera' were largely rehearsed. With 'Trapped,' I left room for improvisation.''' ,'''Adapting a book is the most difficult thing because half the time you are wondering what to remove.''' ,'''I like the films that gain awareness at the end - a sort of breakout moment.''' ,'''I would love to direct a documentary film if any good subject comes my way.''' ,'''I like to make something different and interesting.''' ,'''I don't hold grudges.''' ,'''I think vigilantism is a pipe dream, because the larger need is for a justice system that works. Now, Batman cannot be Batman without police commissioner Jim Gordon, because every time he catches a villain, he tries to send them to Gordon. So, the idea is to help the justice system to work. I don't think it can work in real life, though.''' ,'''Bhavesh' is my most accessible film for sure.''' ,'''Box office does matter. One cannot ignore it.''' ,'''You want your film to be seen by the largest audience and stars help in facilitating that. Star-power does work.''' ,''''Udta Punjab' has a brilliant script.''' ,'''If we go back to the birth of 'Superman' and 'Batman' in America in the '30s, they were created because of events like the Great Depression, crime and Al Capone, among others. Everybody was corrupt back then, and if you can't have a hero in real life, it helps to have one in your fantasies.''' ,'''I think I like reluctant protagonists.''' ,'''Everyone wants their film to do well and I am no different from them.''' ,'''I want to direct more often. The job of a producer brings its own benefit as you start to see the simplicity of film making. But yes there is a constant battle between the director and producer in me.''' ,'''Actors love... at the end of the day, stars are actors. They love performing. And the more challenges I feel that you end up giving stars on the sets, the happier they are.''' ,'''I am very excited about the TV medium and the Amazon-Netflix medium. It has been so liberating to work on these formats.''' ,'''You can assist another director and learn the ropes of the craft over the years, but becoming a director is about finding your own voice, so you've got to experiment.''' ,'''Most films have a relationship or lack of it. They are about human beings.''' ,'''My defining moment was when I finally went to Cannes and saw my name along with international filmmakers.''' ,'''The more shows that there are, the better it is for the industry. The writers are busy, if the writers are busy, the actors are busy.''' ,'''Multiplex cinema culture has created a level-playing field for directors where small budget movies are able to break even, even make profit.''' ,'''What I loved about the 1950s is that there is an aesthetic to even the average film. The way the camera is placed, the way characters move, the way you dressed the sets, the respect for craft and actors, I do miss that in today's films.''' ,'''I prefer directing to producing as it is far more satisfying.''' ,'''I don't think 'Lootera' is slow paced; it's finely paced for its setting and story.''' ,'''I gravitate towards silent characters who don't talk much.''' ,'''I generally respond to any story very organically.''' ,''''Udta Punjab' is a story of four different people merged together. There are four different stories and four different perspectives.''' ,'''My father is a Sindhi and my mother, a Bengali.''' ,'''The most important thing in a love story for me is the intensity and passion that my lead actors bring into playing their characters.''' ,'''I am open to doing comedies, romantic stories, and commercial cinema, but it has to work for me so that I can give a year of my life in making it.''' ,'''We don't have a superhero culture. Comic books and superheroes are part of American culture. We have 'Amar Chitrakatha,' etc.''' ,'''I've never lived anywhere else in my life, I have a massive love-hate relationship with this city. I grew up in the western suburbs in the '80s and for everything we had to go to south Bombay - so you lived the whole city, in a sense.''' ,'''I had problems my entire life trying to make films. Problems come but you have to find a solution.''' ,'''Indian audience has a mindset that a movie which does well at film festivals will necessarily be slow and boring.''' ,'''I hope I never get complacent and continue to give my 100% to every film I make.''' ,'''I knew exactly what I wanted out of my actors - the film stars Ranveer Singh and Sonakshi Sinha in lead roles - and how each shot should look. A large part of 'Lootera' has been shot under tough conditions.''' ,'''I think because of social media and YouTube things are changing. Today people have a judgement about films.''' ,'''While writing 'Bhavesh,' I pretty much chewed up every single graphic novel I could get my hands on, so all the way from the entire 'Batman' series, Frank Miller's 'Batman,' Ed Brubaker's 'Batman,' Scott Snyder's 'Batman,' all the way through 'Daredevil' to '100 Bullets,' through so many other graphic novels.''' ,'''It is okay to put as much money as you want in a story, as long as it is justified.''' ,'''Harshvardhan Kapoor is very sincere, somebody who wears his heart on his sleeve.''' ,'''I take criticism very positively if it's genuine.''' ,'''Hard-hitting films are remembered for a long time.''' ,'''I am drawn towards the sort of characters who are in situations where they don't want to be in. But that's a staple in pretty much in any hero's journey because if you have non-reluctant protagonist then how is there any conflict?''' ,'''If you are irresponsible as a parent and don't know what your kids are watching, that's your problem. It's not the creator's duty to create every show in a way that a six-year-old can watch it.''' ,'''Post my parents' divorce, when I was 10, my mother, Deepa Motwane, took up a job as a line producer with documentary filmmaker Shukla Das, who was a cousin of hers. When I was 17, she did a TV talk show and I helped her with research and assisted her as she was also producing that show.''' ,'''Writing takes too much patience and it takes too much out of you for me to want to attempt it too often.''' ,'''Nothing should be banned. I think it is just not good.''' ,'''I like to have the actors do their thing. And then brief them what to do differently in take two.''' ,'''My earliest childhood memories are just of me falling and getting injuries.''' ,'''If you don't take a risk then what's the point. We can't keep making films in the same space.''' ,'''Censorship is a stupid thing. There should be certification, and not censorship. People are smart enough to understand that if a film is meant for kids, then kids will watch it and if a film is meant for adults, only adults will watch it.''' ,'''A filmmaker has to have faith in talent.''' ,]
+++