+++
author = "Joey Fatone"
title = "Joey Fatone Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Joey Fatone Quotes"
keywords = "joey fatone,joey fatone quotes,joey fatone quote,joey fatone sayings,joey fatone saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Performing in front of a live audience can be pretty intimidating, so having a full head of hair was important to me.''' ,'''I may be able to concentrate on a move, but it may not look exactly how I need it to look like, as far as in the ballroom world. Hip-hop is different; it is a lot more flowy with ballroom.''' ,'''I'm Italian. I love to cook Italian food, so I learned from my dad how to make sauce and meatballs and all that stuff. With my wife and kids, I started making homemade pasta. The very first time, I didn't have a pasta maker, so I had to cut it with a knife, the old-school way! The noodles were all jacked up, but it was fun.''' ,'''I think for me, as far as cooking, some of it came naturally just from watching my dad. My dad was more of the cook than my mom was, so it's just handing it down from generation to generation. I just love to cook and have fun. And as performers, we love to cook, and we love to entertain people.''' ,'''I have kind of an iron stomach.''' ,'''Some days I'll cook, and then some days my wife will cook. For me, obviously on Sundays a lot of times we do the sauce and the meatballs and pasta, the whole thing.''' ,''''My Family Recipe Rocks' is on the Live Well Network, and we go to people's homes and watch them cook.''' ,'''If you combine good flavors, food turns into an orchestra.''' ,'''It's fun to be able to have a fun palate, and the way I say that, you think about it and it sounds funny, but it's true.''' ,'''It's tough for those celebrity couples. It's really hard. My wife wasn't in the limelight, which made it easier... the key is to keep it happy, light, and fun.''' ,'''People can sense when someone is fake or real on TV.''' ,]
+++