+++
author = "Jorge Ramos"
title = "Jorge Ramos Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Jorge Ramos Quotes"
keywords = "jorge ramos,jorge ramos quotes,jorge ramos quote,jorge ramos sayings,jorge ramos saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not seeing tough questions asked on American television. I'm not seeing those correspondents that would question those in power. It's like a club. We are not asking the tough questions.''' ,'''The new rule in American politics is that no one can make it to the White House without the Hispanic vote.''' ,'''Young Latinos have been telling me that they want to register to vote because of Donald Trump. Not because they want to vote for him but because they want to vote against him.''' ,'''When it comes to racism, discrimination, corruption, public lies, dictatorships, and human rights, you have to take a stand as a reporter because I think our responsibility as journalist is to confront those who are abusing power.''' ,'''I don't think I win most interviews. For instance, with Fidel Castro, I only spoke with him one minute and three seconds. But I think he won because I couldn't get anything from him. With the former president of Venezuela, Hugo Chavez, it happened exactly the same thing.''' ,'''I don't like to put labels on anyone. I'm a reporter. I'd rather observe and describe and question.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to ask the question as if it's going to be your last question - as if it's going to be the last time you talk to that person.''' ,'''I go out on publicity tours for my books, and, you know, Latinos, they bring everybody in the family to everything, even little kids. So I always ask the kids, 'Who wants to be the first Latino President?' It used to be no hands went up, or maybe one or two. Now, with Obama, many of the little hands go up. It will happen in my lifetime.''' ,'''My only advice is, follow your dream and do whatever you like to do the most. I chose journalism because I wanted to be in the places where history was being made.''' ,'''Trump seems to think he can win the White House with only the white vote. I believe that the only way to win the White House is with the Latino vote. If the Republican candidate cannot get 33 percent of it, he cannot win the White House.''' ,'''The future of TV is not on TV. It's on the smaller screens we are all using in front of the television set.''' ,'''It's a privilege to work as an anchor for Univision, but more important, I am amazed by how Latinos are transforming America.''' ,'''The United States gave me opportunities that my country of origin could not: freedom of the press and complete freedom of expression.''' ,'''Immigration is the issue that tells us who is with us and who is against us; there's no question about it. And it's very simple to understand why - half of all Latinos over 18 years of age were born outside the United States. It really makes no sense to attack them and criticize them if you want their vote.''' ,'''As journalists, we cannot swallow the official line without question. We should challenge almost everything that dictators, presidents and officials say.''' ,'''Once you are an immigrant, you never forget that you are one.''' ,'''What I'll say is that Cuban-Americans don't have to deal with the same immigration issues as other nationalities because of the 'wet feet, dry feet' policy. For Cubans, one year after you touch United States territory, you can become a legal resident.''' ,'''We in the Hispanic community are truly tired of both the Democrats and the Republicans promising all of these things during the campaigns and then forgetting about it after the campaigns are over.''' ,'''I will go to a nice restaurant in Miami, and no one sitting at the tables will notice me or even know who I am. Then everyone in the kitchen comes out and wants to take a picture.''' ,'''Hate is contagious. A few seconds after Donald Trump has told me something hateful, somebody else repeats it. He has legitimized what people only dare say in their kitchens and bedrooms.''' ,'''Trump's characterization of undocumented immigrants is, of course, absurd. Not only do the facts, well, trump his assertions, but his prejudiced views demonstrate a deep ignorance about Mexican immigrants in the United States.''' ,'''You wouldn't expect ABC or any of the mainstream networks to take a position on immigration, health care, anything. But at Univision, it's different. We are pro-immigrant. That's our audience, and people depend on us. When we are better represented politically, that role for us will recede.''' ,'''I have been asking if I'm an activist or a journalist. And my answer is very simple. I'm just a journalist who asks questions.''' ,'''My only weapon is the question.''' ,'''You turn on the TV, and you see very bland interviews. Journalists in the United States are very cozy with power, very close to those in power.''' ,'''I think as journalists, we have to keep our distance from power.''' ,'''We need not only one Cesar Chavez; we need a thousand Cesar Chavezes.''' ,'''The Italian journalist Oriana Fallaci used to say that for her, an interview was like a war. I get the sense that we've forgotten that here in the United States. You turn on the TV, and you see very bland interviews. Journalists in the United States are very cozy with power, very close to those in power.''' ,'''What I find most interesting about the U.S. is this idea of equality. That's what I'm trying to do with immigration. If what the founding fathers said is true, that we are all equal, then let's fight for that.''' ,'''You have to show reality as it is, not as you wish it to be.''' ,'''What I find most interesting about the U.S. is this idea of equality.''' ,'''There's a huge migration of eyeballs from television screens to cellphones, tablets, and laptops. More and more people prefer to watch their favorite shows at a time and a place of their own choosing. Appointment TV only happens when you are waiting for the doctor.''' ,'''There used to be a tradition within the Hispanic community that, regardless of your political party, you would support undocumented immigrants. That ended with Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz.''' ,'''Mexico will never accept U.S. military intervention. Mexicans always remember 1848.''' ,'''The most important responsibility we have as journalists is to question those who are in power. I honestly believe that.''' ,'''Neutrality is for referees in a football game. You have to take a stand. The really, really good journalists always take a stand with those who have no power, with those who have no rights, and with those who have no voice.''' ,'''When you talk to a Latin American president, they make you feel so tiny right from the beginning, right from the moment when they shake your hands.''' ,'''I sent Trump a handwritten note requesting an interview with my cell-phone number in it. That was a huge mistake. You should never, ever give your cell-phone number to Donald Trump. You know what he did with it? He put it on the Internet.''' ,'''I don't think we've asked the right questions, the tough questions, at the right time, in Washington.''' ,'''Happiness for me is the people whom you love, love you back.''' ,'''When journalists forget that our job is to question and annoy those in power, there can be huge consequences.''' ,'''You have to go through a mental and emotional process to recognize who you really are. I finally recognized that I cannot be defined by one country.''' ,]
+++