+++
author = "Ruth Jones"
title = "Ruth Jones Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Ruth Jones Quotes"
keywords = "ruth jones,ruth jones quotes,ruth jones quote,ruth jones sayings,ruth jones saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's a huge compliment to be seen as a dramatic actress and not just a comic actress.''' ,'''I don't want to make generalisations here, but I think that most women and maybe men are not comfortable with being overweight. It's a tricky issue.''' ,'''Fleabag' is genius: there's something so brave about a character voicing what we're all thinking but are too embarrassed to say.''' ,'''Surely there's a difference between cocky and lively and entertaining.''' ,'''You have a different, much more intimate relationship with the characters in a novel than when writing a screenplay. You're able to get inside their heads in a different way. You can understand their motivations more.''' ,'''I have decided to stop dieting because it doesn't work for me and I am annoyed with myself for ever trying. I have decided to enjoy the body I have. I tell myself how lucky I am to have a body that functions so well.''' ,'''I was brought up in Porthcawl and I enjoy going back there.''' ,'''I applied to only one drama school - if I didn't get in, I would give up the whole notion. That's how much of a chance I was giving myself.''' ,'''I get so upset about news stories and the cruelty in the world. I can't process it. And I just think there's enough of it out there. It doesn't need me to add to it. Nobody needs Ruth Jones's take on nasty.''' ,'''I adore all the 'Planet of the Apes' films.''' ,'''The worst experiences I've had are hotels that profess to be four or five star, when evidently they aren't.''' ,'''I think comedy drama is a tricky one. But it's like in real life: often really tense, dramatic situations can be punctuated with the mundane and banal, and that's what we try to capture in 'Stella.'''' ,'''It's just wonderful to be able to write about what my characters are thinking.''' ,'''I love talking about 'Stella.'''' ,'''Young people need a boosting up really, a bit more encouraging and less looking down on them.''' ,'''I'd like to visit the Faroe Islands and at some point take a boat trip along the Caledonian Canal in Scotland.''' ,'''I love living in Wales.''' ,'''I like to observe people, and I find people pretty fascinating. So I think character is my strength.''' ,'''I've probably been guilty of assuming people from by-gone generations were stuffy, two dimensional and a bit dull. But my trip on 'Who Do You Think You Are?' has proved the opposite to be true.''' ,'''I wouldn't go out of my way to go to a big celebrity bash. You have to make an effort to dress up and I'm a bit lazy really.''' ,'''I enjoy it when characters love each other. It's more interesting, actually - it's less predictable.''' ,'''I will never, ever turn down a foot massage.''' ,'''Before 'Gavin & Stacey' I'd won a BBC short-story competition.''' ,'''I can understand why people want to know who 'the real Ruth Jones' is. That's human nature. But do you ever get that from an interview?''' ,'''When I re-read my diaries, it's the self-doubt that seems to be prevalent.''' ,'''I loved character actresses like Julie Walters and Alison Steadman, films like 'Nuts in May' and 'Educating Rita.' And I never get tired of watching Larry David and 'Curb Your Enthusiasm.'''' ,'''I love looking at old photographs. I don't know if it's something that gets more appealing as one gets older and you're trying to get a sense of your place in the world and the little area that your life has taken up.''' ,'''I knew I wanted to write about female friendship. I've got a few friends I've known since we were teenagers, who have spanned the decades, and I do find that a fascinating thing, that friendship can last that length of time.''' ,'''Lavatorial humour is just not my cup of tea. But, having said that, I'm really of the mind that comedy is so subjective and whatever makes you laugh makes you laugh. If it doesn't make you laugh, don't watch it.''' ,'''I've always been a bit of a drama queen. I was into make-believe and dressing up.''' ,'''I used to think I could only run if I was a certain weight. It was a revelation when I accepted that thinking like that was daft. I told myself if I enjoyed it, just enjoy it!''' ,'''I love 'Gogglebox,' that show really makes me laugh.''' ,'''All my life I've had this belief that other people are better than me.''' ,'''The characters in 'Stella' wake up and they want to have a good day. They don't set out to make someone's life a misery.''' ,'''I wanted to write a book about female friendship, because it's a constant that goes right through to the end of our days. Over time, romantic love changes and often becomes something different, but friendship stays pretty much the same.''' ,'''I don't think anyone really has a clue what they are doing in their 20s and, in a lot of cases, their 30s.''' ,'''I just don't do the celebrity hangout thing.''' ,'''I'm a hugely proud Welsh person. I just love it - it's something very special, being Welsh.''' ,'''I did get a really weird fan letter from a bloke in prison. I think it was when I was doing 'Fat Friends.' He said he'd be happy to do an exercise routine for me, to go through a fitness regime for me. I didn't take him up on the offer... dunno why?!''' ,'''I adored 'The Young Ones,' then I grew into 'French and Saunders' and Victoria Wood.''' ,'''I grew up in the seaside town of Porthcawl in South Wales, the third eldest of four children. We weren't overly bookworm-ish but I found the library magical - and I thought librarians earned their wages from book fines!''' ,'''I have facials and I love spas, but that's more about the pampering.''' ,'''I am never going to like sci-fi or horror.''' ,'''When I was five, my uncle bought us a tape recorder and my dad tried to record us kids talking and singing, stuff like that. There's really quite a lot of me in a really Welsh accent going, 'Can I tell a joke? Can I sing a song?' - really annoying and brattish.''' ,'''I'm trying to learn to ask myself: 'Before you dive in are you sure you are right?' It's always safe to assume I'm wrong.''' ,'''I get into a bit of a routine on holiday with buffing and body lotions. After a long day's hard sunbathing, there's nothing better than feeling all shiny and clean.''' ,'''The characters in 'Gavin & Stacey' do like each other.''' ,'''I think people are naturally funny.''' ,'''Without 'Gavin & Stacey,' 'Stella' wouldn't exist.''' ,'''I always love stories that do a big time leap where the past informs the present, where you find out what became of some characters years later.''' ,'''Of course I always immediately apologise when I realise I'm in the wrong.''' ,'''Since I turned 40, I've become less self-doubting, but it still happens.''' ,'''I do think the Welsh have a special enthusiasm for death. My father's always going to funerals of people he doesn't know very well.''' ,'''I literally found myself weeping when I was reading 'After You.'''' ,'''I ran 10k once. I've got a medal.''' ,'''I've turned up to auditions and seen faces that I recognise and I think I know them. Then I realise I know them because they are on the telly.''' ,'''Writing a novel is solitary, but I don't mind that.''' ,'''Of course I've been in love and I married the man that I love. It was love at first voice because I spoke to him on the phone before I met him. I did fall in love with his voice.''' ,'''I like really, properly detailed, described characters.''' ,'''I'd never judge anyone who did Botox, it's a personal thing. But I wouldn't do it.''' ,'''Writing a novel can be solitary at times compared to screenwriting, but I don't mind that.''' ,'''I am nervous about how my debut novel will be received, because there's always that feeling that somebody might say something negative. I say I won't read the reviews, but I probably will. But just because somebody says something negative, I don't have to believe it.''' ,'''I like pampering, relaxation and somewhere comfortable to read on holiday. I consume books when I'm away because it's the only time I get to read for pleasure. Perhaps that makes me a beach vulture.''' ,'''The first thing I remember writing was a poem - about a princess who sat on a hill and sang all day - when I was eight.''' ,'''I think drama in schools shouldn't be about, 'Let's put 'Annie' on this year' - not that there's anything wrong with that - but it's a good way of getting kids to interact, and it can be a good communication tool.''' ,'''None of us are going to get younger, there's no point in trying to chase that dream because it won't happen.''' ,'''Every day you read these awful stories in the papers that make you want to weep. You think, 'Why has this happened?' But at the same, people can also be lovely to each other.''' ,'''We all put on very different faces in public and in private.''' ,'''I love Cardiff and love living in Cardiff - you don't have paparazzi in Cardif.''' ,'''I can't do bleak, I always prefer to focus on the positive.''' ,'''Marks & Spencer's in Cardiff is a really good place to get recognised.''' ,'''I do my job because I love it. And a necessary part of the job is that you talk about the show you've done.''' ,'''With TV-writing, you write scenes and those scenes pretty much stay as they are when you come to filming them. Sometimes you might change things on the day because of the location or the actors' availability issues.''' ,'''In some ways, I was confident as a teenager - I didn't mind standing on stage in front of loads of people - but innately, I didn't believe in myself. I would always put myself down before anyone else could.''' ,'''I've obviously witnessed the world of TV production, and I'm just a bit fascinated by people being a bit awful.''' ,'''Even when bad things happen, you always want to move forward.''' ,'''I got a part in the film 'Emma' in which Gwyneth was playing the lead. She was going out with Brad Pitt at the time. I asked her if, with a name like Gwyneth, she had any Welsh connections. She wasn't terribly friendly.''' ,'''You never do know what will happen to you.''' ,'''I can't be bothered to put make-up on - I certainly don't wear it day to day.''' ,'''There were times when the first thing we'd talk about in the morning was 'Stella,' and the last thing we'd talk about at night was 'Stella.'''' ,'''Gavin and Stacey' really seems to have been taken into people's hearts and we're really thrilled about it.''' ,'''I think community and connection with people around us - and feeling that we belong - is really valuable.''' ,'''Whenever someone asks for my autograph, I still think, 'Do you really want it?'''' ,'''I really love 'The Windsors' - and I hope the royal family love it, too.''' ,'''I love 'Armstrong & Miller.'''' ,'''I think it is easier to put yourself down before anyone else does. Or to laugh at yourself before anyone else does.''' ,'''I just go broad Welsh when I'm nervous.''' ,'''I love multigenerational sagas.''' ,'''I love fallible characters.''' ,'''I thought I would be married with four children when I was 24 because that's what my mother did. But it didn't turn out like that. There's no reason why. It just didn't happen.''' ,'''I loved my 40s but my 50s have been even better.''' ,'''If you'd asked me when I was younger what life would be like in my 50s, I'd probably have imagined someone like my grandmother. I'd have looked like a little old lady who went for a shampoo and set every week. But it's funny - when you get to your 50s it's not like that at all because apart from a few aches and pains, I feel like I'm in my 30s.''' ,'''I feel really lucky, I love doing my job.''' ,'''I have been very fortunate to play parts that have not been just, 'Oh, you need a fat person to play this part.' It's been a secondary thing or we made a feature of it.''' ,'''Self-loathing is a waste of time.''' ,'''I'm blessed by having very long-term, solid friendships, and they're such joyous things.''' ,'''Certainly in 'Stella' there weren't really any baddies. And if there were, they were quite ineffectual baddies. And the same is true of 'Gavin & Stacey.' I like people to be redeemed.''' ,'''At a personal level, I rather like it if you can create characters and storylines that don't have to rely on being crude and swearing.''' ,'''I think perhaps I'm a bit of an idealist.''' ,]
+++