+++
author = "Vikas Swarup"
title = "Vikas Swarup Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Vikas Swarup Quotes"
keywords = "vikas swarup,vikas swarup quotes,vikas swarup quote,vikas swarup sayings,vikas swarup saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Global terror does not respect national boundaries.''' ,'''For me, the day job comes first. That's why I call myself a diplomat who writes, not a writer who masquerades as a diplomat. If the day job demands it, I won't write at all. I write in what I call 'the crevices of my day job', and that comes only on weekends.''' ,'''Twenty20 is cricket on speed. In an era of hectic lifestyles and falling attention spans, it gives spectators more drama and intensity in three hours that they would get from a whole-day match. And even though it is a heady cocktail of money, entertainment and media, at its core it is cricket.''' ,'''Just because someone has gone to an elite school and college does not make him smarter than the person who has grown up on street knowledge.''' ,'''Tokyo may have more money and Kyoto more culture; Nara may have more history and Kobe more style. But Osaka has the biggest heart.''' ,'''The writer's is an interior world, a world of the mind.''' ,'''India may be the soul of world cricket, but IPL is its commercial heart. Just as 'Who Wants to be a Millionaire' changed the ground rules for quiz shows by injecting a massive dose of money into the equation, IPL has changed the dynamics of the cricket economy.''' ,'''Writing is a very lonely occupation. To write you need to concentrate, to concentrate you need to lock yourself away. No distractions; you want your stream of thought uninterrupted.''' ,'''I am neither a Bengali nor am I from Delhi's St Stephen's. I am an Allahabad boy.''' ,'''It is in the genes of cities to bounce back from disasters - whether natural or man made. The denizens of suburbia have no choice but to survive and move on. But it is the manner in which different cities respond to emergencies that sets them apart.''' ,'''I get invited to many more literary festivals than I used to because I'm associated with 'Slumdog Millionaire,' the brand. Many more doors have opened up for me as a result of the global success of the film, although I believe that I'm the same person that existed before it.''' ,'''People don't just want a mindless flick with a superstar; they want to connect more deeply.''' ,'''I am the luckiest novelist in the world. I was a first-time novelist who wasn't awash in rejection slips, whose manuscript didn't disappear in slush piles. I have had a wonderful time.''' ,'''I'm the opposite of those writers who believe that my work is sacrosanct and cannot be touched.''' ,'''My books may highlight corruption, brutality and venality, but they also show that if these things come to light, there is rectification. The voiceless do have a voice; democratic mechanisms and accountability do exist.''' ,'''I need to meet people to be able to write.''' ,'''I became completely addicted to 'Angry Birds' for a while.''' ,'''The fight against international terrorism isn't just a fight against a bunch of misguided extremists; it is a fight to defend the values that we hold dear.''' ,'''Sometimes street knowledge can be as important as book knowledge.''' ,'''I am not into the unrealistic realm of magic realism where birds talk.''' ,'''I did not go to any creative writing workshop; I did not major in literature. If I can write, anyone can write. All it needs is imagination.''' ,'''The first thing you have to understand is that I was not desperate to be a writer. I was never a closet writer filing away notes in a cupboard.''' ,'''My first novel was a challenge to myself. No one had an inkling that I was working on it.''' ,'''The slums are not a place of despair. Its inhabitants are all working towards a better life.''' ,'''Indian writers have appropriated English as an Indian language, and that gives a certain freshness to the way we write.''' ,'''My books are about ordinary people placed in extraordinary situations who are able to draw upon their inner reserves to challenge the status-quo in life and navigate compelling human relationships.''' ,'''I don't look at myself as a writer; I am a storyteller.''' ,'''I write fast. But it takes me a while to get going. It's very important for me to see my whole plot. I have to see the end first because I like a surprise in the end. Which is why I let characters and plot gestate in my mind.''' ,'''All I can say is that I am not one of those writers who want 100% of their book in the film. I recognize that film is a different medium and the filmmaker must have the right to bring some new elements to the table, provided the soul of the book is preserved.''' ,'''I am very interested in human-interest stories emerging from modern India. I get my inspiration and daily dose by reading the 'Hindustan Times.'''' ,'''I want to show that the underdog can win. I believe we're all the same: you, a slum girl, my mother.''' ,'''I think mobility is very important, not only to discover opportunities elsewhere but at times, also to appreciate better what your home town has. Allahabad, for instance, has the feel of a small, tightly-knit community where everyone participates.''' ,'''Mumbai may not be my city. But it is my kind of city.''' ,'''Knowledge is not just the preserve of the educated elite. Just because someone has not had a formal education, that does not mean he does not have wisdom and common sense.''' ,]
+++