+++
author = "Nick Rhodes"
title = "Nick Rhodes Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Nick Rhodes Quotes"
keywords = "nick rhodes,nick rhodes quotes,nick rhodes quote,nick rhodes sayings,nick rhodes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you look at the content of songs people write, it's usually about the things they know best.''' ,'''I find that the older you get, the more helpful eyeliner is.''' ,'''Obviously with every new album we make, we always have to believe in it and feel we've gone in the right direction.''' ,'''Style has always been very important to us. We grew up in the '70s. Music was glam rock, punk rock and a very stylish movement.''' ,'''I got this idea about being afraid to let go of something and being afraid of sinking into a state of almost anesthesia, where you have to trust other people. Just the paranoia of it all. And it seemed to suit the frenetic track. So I just wrote it out and, you know, said it.''' ,'''I'm sure I'm a schizophrenic. The problem is I can't tell the difference between which one's which, which one is the real me.''' ,'''My ultimate style icon is Grace Jones.''' ,'''A lot of other bands have tried to go out there and say we've got views on this and views on that. But some of it I've found opportunist. Duran Duran has always been honest about everything. We've always laid everything out.''' ,'''I'm fascinated with genetic science, and I have been for a very long time. I always look at science and technology because I think that the developments in my lifetime have been so remarkable - and we're only at the tip of the iceberg with projects like decoding the human genome.''' ,'''I felt very grown up when I was wearing makeup, thank you very much.''' ,'''MTV didn't exist in 1980, but by 1982, it had gotten to be a force to be reckoned with.''' ,'''I love pop culture. I love to be inside of it, and step outside and look back in.''' ,'''I think maybe my attention span is too long to tweet.''' ,'''Women's fashion is more interesting than men's.''' ,'''I still love music - that's never gonna go away.''' ,'''The most stylish country in the world is Italy.''' ,'''You can only sleep in one bed at a time.''' ,'''You listen to a piece of music and it will remind you of something - it might make you happy, it might make you sad, but it is very emotive. And I think that Duran Duran have always understood that.''' ,'''The Internet is the greatest tool for any artist to have interaction with any audience.''' ,'''I think pop culture is the greatest subject matter out there - 'Other People's Lives,' as we wrote about on the last Duran Duran album. Most ideas for great songs come from real situations, something your friend said to you the night before, the girl that just left, or something traumatic in your life.''' ,'''For me, a bit of anthropology in the evening is always better than staying and watching the telly.''' ,'''I suppose that I'm fairly comfortable with the clown hat on.''' ,]
+++