+++
author = "Frank Sinatra Jr."
title = "Frank Sinatra Jr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Frank Sinatra Jr. Quotes"
keywords = "frank sinatra jr.,frank sinatra jr. quotes,frank sinatra jr. quote,frank sinatra jr. sayings,frank sinatra jr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's only one Sinatra. But don't forget that there's only one Sinatra Jr., too.''' ,'''Of course, it's human nature for people, when they meet me to have some preconceptions about how I look, how I sing, how I behave. I can understand that. And I've realized you can't do anything about human nature except to ignore it.''' ,'''I'm an individual.''' ,'''When you're the son of someone who is very famous and you enter the same business, you got to work three times as hard as anyone.''' ,'''I mean, Frank Sinatra is one of the great performers in pop music history. Why shouldn't I be delighted to carry on his tradition?''' ,'''Sinatra had deep loyalties to his friends for years.''' ,'''I don't think a man should be alone all his life. But I want to be ready for marriage I want it to be a lasting thing.''' ,'''I believe that when you keep yourself working, you keep yourself alive.''' ,'''Nelson Riddle was really something. Just something else.''' ,'''I studied music from the time I was 5.''' ,'''I enjoy what I do so much. There's people out there who don't like what they do, but I'm fortunate. I have nothing to complain about.''' ,'''As a young singer, a record company wanted me to be a rock singer. I told them I couldn't because I didn't understand the music.''' ,'''I began to become very infatuated at the creation of my own music rather than someone else's and my piano teacher used to get really cross with me because of the fact that I wasn't studying my lessons, I was writing things of my own.''' ,'''It's regrettable that some people have to make a substantial living at others' expense.''' ,'''My father was the kind of man who liked to hang out.''' ,'''My father is a really big man.''' ,'''There is no demand for Frank Sinatra Jr. records. There never has been.''' ,'''I'm very happy to have people say I sound like Frank Sinatra.''' ,'''Rap is the pulsation given by some, usually an electronic rhythm section, without any tonality, and you have someone reading high-school poetry.''' ,'''I have to do what I have to do like everyone does.''' ,'''That's what I do: I'm a singer. I have many arrangers, but I usually conduct for myself.''' ,'''In my own career, I used to do a Sinatra medley in every show, or at least sing one of his songs.''' ,'''It's a learning experience to work with my father.''' ,'''I'm a singer, not a talker I took singing lessons, not talking lessons.''' ,'''I have never been a person to build empires.''' ,'''When I was younger, sure, I wanted to have some degree of, shall we say, identity. But it never came.''' ,'''My father never had to deal with a territory band.''' ,'''It's OK if people say I sound like Frank Sinatra. I just don't want them to think I am Frank Sinatra.''' ,'''This business of fame - when people ask me what it was like growing up in this famous family, I say, 'When you take it seriously you're in a lot of trouble.'''' ,'''Before the State of Israel became a reality, Sinatra was a strong supporter, knowing that Jews were being denied access to the Holy Land. Sinatra met and had a friendship with Israel's first Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion. Ben-Gurion gave Sinatra a beautiful Old Testament bible that was a proud possession that my father kept all his life.''' ,'''For a thoroughbred to age is never a graceful process.''' ,'''Elvis Presley was rock 'n' roll, I thought that was pretty mediocre. But since that time, the succeeding steps in music has been down, just more degradation. Then we got into punk rock, and now we are into rap music, which is a total oxymoron.''' ,'''When I work a nightclub, I dress up in evening wear. There's a certain elegance to it all and I like that.''' ,'''Van Heusen understood Sinatra's style of singing; Sinatra understood Van Heusen's concept of melody.''' ,'''When I started as a kid, I wanted to be a piano player and songwriter. I only became a singer by accident.''' ,'''In the impetuousness of youth, when you're 21 years old, you want results yesterday.''' ,'''The first time people come to see me, it's usually because they're curious. Then maybe some of them return. I look out in the audience and see the same faces, the same wonderful, loyal faces.''' ,'''Jimmy Van Heusen was a top security test pilot in World War II as well as being a great songwriter. He was absolutely incredible. Van Heusen inspired me to write music.''' ,'''It pleases me that Frank Sinatra's music still has an audience, because many people who have come into the music world and then passed out of the music world are long since forgotten. He has been able to enjoy this great longevity.''' ,'''I'm just down to earth.''' ,'''When I was a kid in the 6th grade and first learned how to dance with a girl, we had a record called 'Shake Rattle and Roll,' made by a group called Bill Haley and His Comets: 'Get out in that kitchen and rattle them pots and pans.' It was all about mundane things.''' ,'''I'm studying musical arts, all the way to composition. But I'm also studying theater arts, stage directing and acting.''' ,'''KKJZ is a very famous jazz station and there aren't many more around like them.''' ,'''Look, as a child growing up it occurred to me that I had everything I could have wanted: a roof over my head, education, food. All of it because my father provided... My way of giving back was being that invisible guy. Giving something back from a lifetime of taking.''' ,'''I was never a success.''' ,'''It's not an easy task, believe me. How the hell do you replace Frank Sinatra? There's no way anybody can do that. But as far as I'm concerned, if there is music to be made and I have to wear somebody else's clothes, I can't think of anybody's I'd rather wear.''' ,'''Sinatra was bothered with issues of anti-Semitism and racism all his life. The song and film he made 'The House I Live In,' was a deep message against prejudice and he was very proud to have recorded the song.''' ,'''When I was working at the Flamingo I took slides of people standing in front of the Flamingo with the highway behind them. Across the street you can see these tumbleweeds. That is now Caesars Palace.''' ,'''Frank Sinatra Jr. has never been particularly popular as a record seller.''' ,'''By the end of Pop's life I wanted to give something back and when I came on board as his musical director he needed me. I wasn't the greatest conductor of the orchestra, but I was hired to conduct Frank Sinatra. He was slowing down, his memory wasn't what it had been. But his audience never stopped loving him. He had teleprompters.''' ,'''The best way to get noticed is to take someone that everyone loves and admires and knock him.''' ,'''I'm just a traveling musician.''' ,'''If I can just continue to work and be at least requested to work, I consider that a victory.''' ,'''It depends on the material. Sometimes I sound like him, sometimes not. There are certain tunes we do that are so familiar to the audience that to perform them without making them sound like Frank Sinatra would be wrong.''' ,'''When Sinatra was alive and singing, he was constantly changing orchestrators from one album to the next because he said he didn't want every record to sound like every other record.''' ,'''Originally, what we call rock 'n' roll was nothing more than an attempt of very bad white performers to sound like black rhythm-and-blues performers. They did their best to emulate, they did their best to paraphrase. And that started what later became rock 'n' roll.''' ,'''There is a common misconception that when you're a singer working for a recording company you get to pick everything you're doing. Very few people have been accorded such a luxury.''' ,'''On the road I don't shave until the evening before I go out on stage.''' ,'''If you don't work your brain turns to cheese.''' ,'''A lotta years I was out there on the road pulling one-nighters. Then I got hired to sing in Sam Donahue's band in 1963. I was 19 years old.''' ,'''Very few people rise that high, to be a performer known as only one name. Caruso... Valentino... Hitchcock... Garbo.''' ,'''I was with him, coincidentally, on the evening in 1979 when they had buried John Wayne. My father cried like a baby when he went to see the Duke.''' ,'''The idea of the duets albums was the people who joined Frank Sinatra in each song were themselves successful record artists, I never was. I felt a certain apprehension at the time that some people thought my being there was pure nepotism. I felt kind of out of place about that.''' ,'''I'm just an itinerant singer.''' ,'''It's amazing the number of young people who are interested in Frank Sinatra.''' ,'''I like the Suncoast so much. It is miles from the Strip. It reminds me of the old Vegas atmosphere when things were a little more personal.''' ,'''Heidi Fleiss I befriended because she and I went through something of the same nature. And when word reached the tabloids, bless their little hearts, they decided here was something they could make money with.''' ,'''Life is not positive or negative; it's a mixture.''' ,'''You can only guide children so far.''' ,'''I just try to fit into society the best I can. Be unobtrusive, be smooth. I don't want to hurt anybody, or be hurt.''' ,'''I spend a lot of time visiting friends, watching video cassette movies, and things like that.''' ,'''I just hope that people remember what I did well, that I gave it everything I had.''' ,'''They used to have a saying among the musicians on staff when I was with him, 'Sinatra never does anything the same way once.' He was a perfectionist, he was a taskmaster and he knew exactly what it was he wanted because he understood how to deliver his message to the audience; never was there a greater example of that than that man.''' ,'''The Beatles never got through to all ages, nor did Elvis Presley, or any of the other monuments of mediocrity that we've had.''' ,'''The recording companies are continuing to look at ways to buy short and sell long. So now they give recording deals to groups of people who we refer to as 'garage bands' - they are amateurs who are bought for nothing and it's really a shame.''' ,'''The way I see it, before I can sell an audience Frank Sr, I have to sell them Frank Jr first.''' ,'''Over all these years, I have never had a hit movie, never had a hit television programme and never had a hit record. To my way of thinking, that means success has not been achieved. I have made no mark of my own creation. This is something to be considered.''' ,'''My father doesn't dislike all newsmen. He has many friends among them. The trouble is the ones who hate him make the headlines.''' ,'''I think in my generation, when I came along in the early '60s, the type of music that was in vogue in society in those days had moved on to another kind of music. I was trying to sell antiques in a modern appliance store.''' ,'''Mo Ostin was a great money-maker, but he had the aesthetic interest of a fire plug.''' ,'''I wanted to be a composer.''' ,'''We went through rock 'n' roll, which then became just rock, then punk rock, then the worst disease of all - rap music. It's an oxymoron, because rap is not music.''' ,'''I don't really look for material with the idea it might make a hit record.''' ,'''My work happens to be singing, and I love bringing great songs to the attention of my audiences.''' ,'''Rock 'n' roll, for me, is another award for underachievers. It is nothing but a testament to mediocrity.''' ,'''I know that somewhere deep down I have the ability to act. I just need a chance to prove it.''' ,'''I'm just grateful to have a job. There are an awful lot of talented performers out there who are out of work.''' ,'''Since my father's death, a lot of people have made it clear that they're not ready to give up the music. For me, it's a big, fat gift. I get to sing with a big orchestra and get to sing orchestrations that will never be old.''' ,'''I never felt that it was in anyone's best interest to be looked at differently by other people because of a name. I kept to myself a lot.''' ,'''I think the dirtiest word in the English language is retirement. When you do that, you get old and you get sick and you die.''' ,'''Ever since I've been old enough to shave I've been playing clubs.''' ,'''I've been hanging around movie sets and recording studios since I can remember.''' ,'''Growing up in California, my best friend was Morris Rabinowitz and we often went to the Yiddish Theater.''' ,'''I envy guys who can write funny.''' ,'''When I was a young person, they used to refer to it as Christmas time. Course now it has to be politically correct and call it the holidays.''' ,'''Never had a hit movie or hit TV show or hit record. I just had visions of doing the best quality of music. Now there is a place for me because Frank Sinatra is dead. They want me to play the music. If it wasn't for that, I wouldn't be noticed. The only satisfaction is that I do what I do well. That's the only lawful satisfaction.''' ,'''My son has no interest in music other than as a listener. He teaches English to Japanese students.''' ,'''I always loved the motion picture scores and the great film composers like Elmer Bernstein.''' ,'''I'd love to have my own T V. series so I could stay put for awhile.''' ,'''Frank Sinatra will go on forever.''' ,]
+++