+++
author = "Gary Woodland"
title = "Gary Woodland Quotes"
quotes_len = "75"
description = "the best 75 Gary Woodland Quotes"
keywords = "gary woodland,gary woodland quotes,gary woodland quote,gary woodland sayings,gary woodland saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's men and women who sacrifice and do so much for us so I can go out and play a game of golf and live my life under freedom.''' ,'''I feel I'm a top player, I do.''' ,'''Life's not always going to be bells and whistles.''' ,'''I rely on my ball striking more than anything.''' ,'''You just have to drive it in the fairways. If you miss fairways, it's easy to make big numbers.''' ,'''I don't know if I spent any time on a putting green when I was a kid. I was too busy hitting driver.''' ,'''My dad worked nights. When I got home from school I was able to go hang out with my dad and play some golf.''' ,'''I love to play three-quarter iron shots. They take a lot of extra movement out of the swing, which increases my chance of hitting it solid with the face square to the target.''' ,'''Adrenaline is a huge deal. All of a sudden you start hitting the golf ball a little bit farther. You learn to stay within yourself and what you have to do to calm yourself down and stay within your game plan.''' ,'''I'm becoming a more complete player where I believe I can compete more week in, week out, especially in major championships.''' ,'''But being a father is as good as it gets.''' ,'''It's been my experience that success in golf comes from not letting your mind wander from the shot you're about to hit.''' ,'''I thought the opportunity to play golf 12 months a year would give me a chance to go where I wanted to go.''' ,'''I was Graeme McDowell's neighbour for eight years in Orlando.''' ,'''My grandfather was in the military, and I've been part of the Folds of Honor Foundation since 2009, so having the opportunity to wear Puma's Volition America collection is the perfect fit for me.''' ,'''Enjoy the pressure. Enjoy the stress. Enjoy being uncomfortable. And don't shy away from it, embrace it.''' ,'''I wouldn't be where I am without my dad.''' ,'''I can't play video games because I have that addictive personality. If I started playing video games I wouldn't stop.''' ,'''It was hard growing up because there was nothing close. I never went to a golf tournament.''' ,'''If I'm not driving the golf ball, now I can rely on something else to really get me through. It took me a while to get my game to that position, but I feel like I'm comfortable doing that now.''' ,'''I think I proved what I always believed. That I'm pretty good.''' ,'''I've always believed in myself.''' ,'''For years, I felt like I was just whacking at the ball, trying to see how far I could hit it, especially with the driver. Whatever the coach I was working with at the time told me to do, I would just go along with it.''' ,'''It's frustrating not to play well.''' ,'''Basketball, you're not always going to have your best, but you find ways. If I'm not shooting well, I can pass, I can play defense. There's other things I can do. I can take that to golf.''' ,'''My dad had me on the golf course. It was just something I could do with my dad.''' ,'''I'm not going to abandon the power game, but I'm going to be sure use it to my advantage.''' ,'''I'm a huge sports guy, so getting messages from guys I grew up watching and following - Scott Van Pelt, Chris Paul, Charles Barkley, Adam Schefter - was really special.''' ,'''I love to be at Topeka Country Club. It's where I grew up. That's one course I'd play every day.''' ,'''I've always been a pretty good ball-striker, I've relied on my ball-striking in my whole career, my athletic ability. But the short game and putting has kind of held me back in majors.''' ,'''I'll never forget where I came from, and I'll never forget who I am.''' ,'''There are going to be bad things in your life, a lot of ups and downs, but the only thing you can control is your attitude. And if you do that, in the end good things will happen.''' ,'''I can hit a lot of drivers, be aggressive, and attack from the fairway.''' ,'''I can control my attitude, and I can control my game.''' ,'''I'm comfortable playing aggressively.''' ,'''I don't know if I've ever had the autograph requests that I've had. It's hard to say no, especially when somebody's out there and they're asking. It would have been hard for me to hear no when I was a kid, so you try to make time and prepare for that, I guess.''' ,'''My dad never forced me to do anything. But if I did it, if I decided to go play catch or basketball, he was hard on me. You had to do it the right way if you were going to do it. He never let me win.''' ,'''People probably growing up said U.S. Open wouldn't suit me, because I'm a long hitter, I'm a bomber.''' ,'''If I'm hitting 3-wood and everyone else is hitting driver, it's a level playing field. If I'm hitting driver straight, then I think I'm playing at a different level than everybody else.''' ,'''Being a father now puts life in perspective. My whole life it's all been about trying to win. And now I'm trying to make a better life for my son than I've had.''' ,'''I'm always thinking and so even if I'm not on the golf course I'm mentally thinking.''' ,'''I'm trying to get better on and off the golf course at all times so I think it's a work in progress all day long.''' ,'''I don't have to be perfect with my ball-striking, because I have other things that can pick me up, that's been a big confidence boost for me, knowing I don't have to be perfect; I can still contend and have a chance to win.''' ,'''I'm becoming a more complete player. I have more shots. I can rely more on my putting, rely on my short game.''' ,'''I come from Kansas; we're steak-and-potato boys. I grew up on meat.''' ,'''Taxes are nice in Florida.''' ,'''I love Quail Hollow. I think it's one of the big boy golf courses we play. I just don't think there's really a bad hole on it.''' ,'''My dad never let me win. I didn't beat him at golf until I was 13. I didn't beat him at basketball until I was 15. When we played each other, he was big and mean.''' ,'''I always just wanted to be successful. I didn't know what it was, what I was going to do.''' ,'''I know what it takes to win.''' ,'''Obviously I have no problem wearing pants in competition, but sometimes we're out here in the summer and it's so hot.''' ,'''I played other sports, so when I played golf, I wanted to have fun. And hitting it far is fun.''' ,'''Obviously I rely on my driving.''' ,'''It's nice to see the results. You work so hard and you want to see results to back up the work that you've done.''' ,'''When I got hurt and had surgery on my left shoulder, my arm was in a sling for over a month but I could play Ping-Pong right-handed. I started playing and got addicted.''' ,'''I've never played Cypress. And everybody says it's amazing. That's one course I'd like to play.''' ,'''I could handle the basketball but I wasn't quick enough to move defensively. Offensively, I was fine. I could get around, I could do stuff, but defensively I wasn't quick enough. I couldn't keep up. That was the biggest thing. And that was at the Division II level.''' ,'''I worked my whole life and dreamed my whole life of being a professional athlete.''' ,'''No matter what I've done, from when I was a young kid, I always believed I would be successful.''' ,'''Obviously, if you make birdies, you can move up quickly.''' ,'''I've trained since I started walking, I've played sports, I've competed. I've learned how to win, even if I haven't done it as much as I'd like.''' ,'''I never let myself get ahead of myself.''' ,'''And the question about if I ever dreamed of making the putt on the last hole of a U.S. Open when I was a kid, no, I didn't. But I hit a lot of game-winning shots on the basketball court when I was a kid.''' ,'''I like to play aggressively, and it just lets me go for even more shots.''' ,'''When I see the ball going in the hole, I'm a completely different player.''' ,'''My short game was really what was really bad, to be honest with you. And so my whole deal was I had to hit chips off putting greens all the time, and there were some times where superintendents weren't a huge fan of me.''' ,'''I went to school to Washburn to play basketball, and I always believed if basketball didn't work out I could fall back on golf.''' ,'''I make 18 three-footers after every round. It's just something that helps me focus on routine, and helps me hear the ball go in the hole. It's something I do every day.''' ,'''I think of all my iron shots as punches - not punch shots, but how much pressure I'm applying to the hit.''' ,'''I loved baseball, and I was the best at basketball. Golf was sort of third on my list.''' ,'''I always wanted to play at the highest level. I didn't care what sport it was; I just wanted to play at the highest level.''' ,'''It took me a lot to learn to control adrenaline; and other sports you use adrenaline to your advantage.''' ,'''Everybody expects you to play well, and when you don't have the results, that's tough.''' ,'''I kept hearing about my 54-hole record and I kept telling myself that records are made to be broken.''' ,'''I have a boxer and I'm getting another boxer. I have a girlfriend, Gabby Granado, who lives with me as well.''' ,]
+++