+++
author = "Jackson Katz"
title = "Jackson Katz Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Jackson Katz Quotes"
keywords = "jackson katz,jackson katz quotes,jackson katz quote,jackson katz sayings,jackson katz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The best thing I can say is professional football is a business. When they are recruiting football players, they are not recruiting model citizens. Everybody has to be aware of this. What's being selected for the NFL is the ability to play and perform on Sunday afternoons. Everything else is secondary.''' ,'''As governor of California in 1970, Reagan endeared himself to millions of conservatives nationwide when he publicly rebuked the anti-war movement that was exploding on college campuses.''' ,'''For millions of women and men around the world, the playwright Eve Ensler is a beloved figure. She represents the epitome of the politically engaged artist, someone who uses her creative brilliance to illuminate injustice and give voice to the voiceless.''' ,'''The whole gun debate needs to be infused with a discussion about manhood. It's frustrating to hear debates about gun rights vs. gun control, and yet very few people say what's hidden in plain sight: It's really a contest of meanings about manhood.''' ,'''Most people aren't familiar enough with what actually goes on in professional wrestling to know just how badly women are treated in WWE narratives.''' ,'''The concept of power we admire is power over someone else.''' ,'''In the alternate universe of conservative talk radio, the killing of Bin Laden coincidentally happened on Barack Obama's watch. He had to be kicked dragging and screaming into authorizing it, and even then he made lots of mistakes.''' ,'''A society that respects women needs to elect leaders who care more about women's lives than they do about their or their company's bottom line.''' ,'''Most male victims of violence are the victims of other men's violence. So that's something that both women and men have in common. We are both victims of men's violence.''' ,'''Men are every bit as gendered as women.''' ,'''Advocates of 'free speech' often repeat the mantra that the best response to bad speech is more and better speech, not the suppression of the bad stuff.''' ,'''Whether one admired or was repulsed by the positions he took on matters foreign and domestic, it is undeniable that Reagan's ability to project anger was highly attractive to his most passionate supporters on the far right - and crucial to his political success.''' ,'''If the KKK was smart enough, they would've created gangsta rap because it's such a caricature of black culture and black masculinity.''' ,'''Many young men in the 1960s and 1970s came to reject some of the traditional ideas about manhood that many of their fathers tried to pass down - like unquestioning respect for authority even when that might mean killing and dying for questionable or unjust causes such as the Vietnam War.''' ,'''When media coverage sets up a binary opposition between 'the accuser' and 'the accused,' there is no longer a victim or even an alleged victim - a flesh and blood person who was harmed by the violent act of another.''' ,'''Calling gender violence a women's issue is part of the problem. It gives a lot of men an excuse not to pay attention.''' ,'''In corporate culture, in sports culture, in the media, we honor those who win at all costs.''' ,'''In real life, women don't enjoy being degraded and treated like objects/receptacles.''' ,'''During his runs for the GOP presidential nomination, Mitt Romney has done a good job of mimicking Reagan's anti-government diatribes and 'better days ahead' rhetoric.''' ,'''Elite athletes learn entitlement. They believe they are entitled to have women serve their needs. It's part of being a man. It's the cultural construction of masculinity.''' ,'''Media play a powerful role in establishing and perpetuating social norms.''' ,'''Typical news accounts and commentaries about school shootings and rampage killings rarely mention gender.''' ,'''The major political battles about guns in our society concern handguns and assault weapons, not long arms like hunting rifles.''' ,'''How many more school shootings do we need before we start talking about this as a social problem, and not merely a random collection of isolated incidents?''' ,'''Ben Roethlisberger is a proven winner in athletic competition. But the measure of a true leader is how they conduct themselves 24/7, not just during a winning touchdown drive or a goal-line stance. Leadership isn't something that gets switched off because the game clock expires.''' ,'''If journalism is the first draft of history, then talk radio provides an early glimpse into how the meaning of political events will be spun for ideological and partisan purposes.''' ,'''Language usage always has a political context.''' ,]
+++