+++
author = "Maria Shriver"
title = "Maria Shriver Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Maria Shriver Quotes"
keywords = "maria shriver,maria shriver quotes,maria shriver quote,maria shriver sayings,maria shriver saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Part of what Special Olympics is trying to do is break down stereotypes that still exist for people. There is still a lot of fear.''' ,'''The gift my mother gave me was the gift of possibility. From an early age, she instilled in me a belief that I could do anything I wanted to do. It wasn't a matter of, 'Can I?' or 'Should I?' It was just, 'You can, you must, you will!' She wanted me to believe that anything was possible.''' ,'''It's always inspiring to me to meet people who feel that they can make a difference in the world. That's their motive, that's their passion... I think that's what makes your life meaningful, that's what fills your own heart and that's what gives you purpose.''' ,'''You don't wanna walk around and say, 'I'm somebody's niece, I'm somebody's cousin, I'm somebody's daughter. Who are you?' And I think that's always the challenge when you grow up in a well-known family, is ultimately, you have to face yourself in the mirror and say, 'Who are you? What have you done?'''' ,'''I feel very blessed to have four brothers. My brothers always say, 'Oh, you know, we prepared you for the world of journalism. We prepared you for Arnold. We prepared you for everything.' And in a way they're right. Because you know, they take no prisoners. They were very tough.''' ,'''I think everybody has tragedy in their life. Everybody has hurdles in their life. Everybody has tough things to overcome. My kids say to me, 'This isn't fair.' I said, 'Life isn't fair.' Everybody has their issues. It's how you handle your issues that distinguishes you.''' ,'''Women somehow get portrayed as one type. You're either a feminist or you're not. You're a working woman or you're not. I'm raising two girls, and I say to them, 'I need you to be strong and soft. You can be smart and beautiful... You can be all of these things.'''' ,'''I think that public service is tough on a family - no ifs, ands, buts about it. I have my own personal wishes, but they're not always front and center.''' ,'''I made the mistake of thinking that external accomplishments would bring me peace. I thought it was about the job or a book or making a name for myself.''' ,'''One of my greatest joys is poetry. I read it almost every day, and I've even taken a stab at writing some of my own. A poem I wrote for my mother when she was dying really helped me get through that hard time.''' ,'''When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands.''' ,'''I was happy being a journalist. I didn't realize losing my job, my identity went with it.''' ,'''We all know what happens to first ladies who shoot their mouths off.''' ,'''Poetry has always been made to seem kind of cultish. But the truth is, everybody really loves it! It's much more mainstream than anyone thought.''' ,'''I like to make jokes; I consider myself a funny person. I just think making jokes about people who are in a situation beyond their control is not funny to them or their families.''' ,'''I appreciate your support, particularly this year, for sticking with me.''' ,'''If you want to be an architect of change by raising great kids, God bless. If you want to do it by raising money for your kid's school, great. If you want to build a garden - whatever it is. Women like myself - they're complicated, and they have a lot of different interests and qualities within them.''' ,'''Our mothers give us so many gifts. They give us the precious gift of life, of course, but they also leave treasured lessons that can guide us along our journeys even when they are no longer with us.''' ,'''You can spend the rest of your life trying to figure out what other people expect from you, or you can make a decision to let that all go.''' ,'''I thought I had to show people that I would get in early, stay late or even all night, work on holidays. I didn't want to be the rich kid who was along for a free ride.''' ,'''My mother's death brought me to my knees. She was my hero, my role model, my very best friend. I spoke to her every single day of my life. I really tried hard when I grew up to make her proud of me.''' ,'''I lost myself in the process and I realized how much I had identified myself with Maria Shriver, newswoman. When that was gone, I had to really sit back and go, 'Well, actually, who am I today?'''' ,'''I like cookies, any cookie you put in front of me - animal cookies, sugar cookies, anything crunchy.''' ,'''My father never was and isn't a mean man. You know, he never was ruthless. And he succeeded in life without sticking it to anybody. And that's a great example for a man, a strong man, a man's man, to give to his children. You can succeed, you can be successful, without walking over somebody.''' ,'''No matter who you are, what you've accomplished, what your financial situation is - when you're dealing with a parent with Alzheimer's, you yourself feel helpless. The parent can't work, can't live alone, and is totally dependent, like a toddler. As the disease unfolds, you don't know what to expect.''' ,'''At work, you're replaceable... but as a parent, you're irreplaceable.''' ,'''I decided that I was going to be the Kennedy who makes her own name and finds her own job and works like a dog. My comeuppance was when Arnold got elected - I became the Kennedy who was married to the governor.''' ,'''I don't believe in gutter politics. I don't believe in gutter journalism.''' ,'''I, I am my own woman. I have not been, quote, 'bred' to look the other way. I look at that man back there in the green room straight on, eyes wide open, and I look at him with an open heart.''' ,'''Don't think of him as a Republican. Think of him as the man I love, and if that doesn't work, think of him as the man who can crush you.''' ,]
+++