+++
author = "Jimmy Swaggart"
title = "Jimmy Swaggart Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Jimmy Swaggart Quotes"
keywords = "jimmy swaggart,jimmy swaggart quotes,jimmy swaggart quote,jimmy swaggart sayings,jimmy swaggart saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's a humorous statement that doesn't mean anything. You can't lie to God - it's ridiculous.''' ,'''I've never seen a man in my life I wanted to marry.''' ,'''I don't appreciate a preacher who commits adultery and then goes out and blames me.''' ,'''Evolution is a bankrupt speculative philosophy, not a scientific fact.''' ,'''You can't lie to God - it's ridiculous.''' ,'''I get amazed, I can't look at it but about 10 seconds, at these politicians dancing around this, dancing around this, I'm trying to find a correct name for it, this utter absolute, asinine, idiotic stupidity of men marrying men.''' ,'''I gave my heart to the Lord, and I remember the incident vividly. The Lord spoke to me. I know that sounds funny. It was not an audible voice or anything of that nature.''' ,'''Evolution is a bankrupt speculative philosophy, not a scientific fact. Only a spiritually bankrupt society could ever believe it. Only atheists could accept this Satanic theory.''' ,'''I'm knocking our pitiful, pathetic lawmakers.''' ,'''Christians are supposed to be the most forgiving people on the face of the Earth.''' ,'''If you look hard enough, you'll find something good about me and say it.''' ,'''I'm gonna be blunt and plain, if one ever looks at me like that I'm gonna kill him and tell God he died.''' ,'''I'm not knocking the poor homosexual, I'm not. They need salvation just like anybody else.''' ,'''You can find things about me you don't like. And frankly, I don't want to hear it.''' ,'''Philosophies change by the day while God never changes, simply because, being perfect, He does not have to change!''' ,'''The minister of the Gospel is really the yardstick by which the nation measures its morals.''' ,'''The Media is ruled by Satan. But yet I wonder if many Christians fully understand that.''' ,'''If I do not return to the pulpit this weekend, millions of people will go to hell.''' ,'''I have sinned against you, my Lord.''' ,'''I feel like it's my responsibility and my obligation to stand up and to say that which I believe to be the truth.''' ,'''Only a spiritually bankrupt society could ever believe it. Only atheists could accept this Satanic theory.''' ,'''I'm knocking our pitiful, pathetic lawmakers. And I thank God that President Bush has stated, we need a Constitutional amendment that states that marriage is between a man and a woman.''' ,'''I have sinned against You, my Lord, and I would ask that your precious blood would wash and cleanse every stain until it is in the seas of God's forgiveness.''' ,]
+++