+++
author = "Teddy Bridgewater"
title = "Teddy Bridgewater Quotes"
quotes_len = "63"
description = "the best 63 Teddy Bridgewater Quotes"
keywords = "teddy bridgewater,teddy bridgewater quotes,teddy bridgewater quote,teddy bridgewater sayings,teddy bridgewater saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Put on the game tape. The game tape speaks volumes because I'm in live action, I'm out there making reads, going through progressions, redirection protection, signaling hot routes, getting the offense in and out of the right play.''' ,'''I hope that my story can motivate someone.''' ,'''I'm very confident. I wouldn't go out on that practice field if I wasn't.''' ,'''I'm a rare breed.''' ,'''In order to have a testimony, you have to have a test.''' ,'''To play this position you have to have durability.''' ,'''Some people might say, 'It's training camp, the grind of things, can't wait to get to the regular season. Things will be easier.' But I look forward to it.''' ,'''I've been advised by guys who have played in the NFL and guys who have my best interests.''' ,'''The greatest feeling is coming away with a victory, seeing all of your hard work in training camp paying off. That's the best feeling.''' ,'''We're playing real football here, and doing what it takes to win games.''' ,'''My faith is strong, my faith is unwavering and my vision is clear.''' ,'''I don't make decisions with my heart, I use my brain to think things through.''' ,'''I'm just going to continue focusing on becoming a better football player, attacking the offseason with the mindset of getting stronger and doing everything that I can to show that when the time comes, I'm ready to play football.''' ,'''I'm just confident in myself and my capability to be able to play this position.''' ,'''I shy away from celebrity status because I don't want to be known as that guy. But I had a chance to partake in the events and the festivities of the Kentucky Derby, and that was a huge honor.''' ,'''My entire mindset is about getting better and growing.''' ,'''You play the game to compete and you want to be a starter, but at the same time you don't want to rush yourself to be in any situation that could possibly lead you back to where you are today.''' ,'''I really don't care about fantasy football.''' ,'''I try to just maximize every rep I can get and every opportunity I can take.''' ,'''I love Coach Zimmer. He's a tough head coach who stands behind his players 100 percent.''' ,'''Embrace the grind because it was once taken from me.''' ,'''I'm eager to just get better each and every day.''' ,'''You can't change what people think or say.''' ,'''Don't have to do anything extra, don't have to put any S's on our chests, capes on our backs. We just have to do our job and do our job well.''' ,'''Basically, I have to stop overthinking.''' ,'''Honestly, for me, I'm a businessman but I'm a smart businessman.''' ,'''The comparison to Willie Beamen - that was pretty harsh, but everything happens for a reason and like I said, you can't control it.''' ,'''Go out there and let it rip and don't worry about overthinking things and trying to be perfect. Because when you try to be perfect, that's when you make mistakes.''' ,'''When I'm tough on myself, I'm never satisfied.''' ,'''Each game is important.''' ,'''I know that if something isn't open down field I can take advantage of my legs and make a play.''' ,'''When I was in third grade, I promised my mom that I would get her a pink Cadillac Escalade.''' ,'''I want to have an aggressive mentality but a relaxed presence.''' ,'''Nothing bothers me. You can set my hair on fire, I'm still going to go. I'm just one of those guys.''' ,'''I'm just going to go out and prove that I'm the best guy.''' ,'''As a competitor you want to be out there starting and competing.''' ,'''I hate to consider myself a celebrity.''' ,'''I feel Teddy Bridgewater is an accurate passer. He's a leader who wants to make everyone else around him better. Someone who's a hard worker, someone who smart with the football and takes care of the football. Someone who competes at a high level on a consistent basis.''' ,'''If I could be like any other quarterback that played in the National Football League, I would have to say Brett Favre is the guy. Besides the injuries and the hits and everything, he had a pretty successful career. He's a Hall of Famer for sure, multiple Super Bowls, and that's something that I look forward to doing.''' ,'''I'm one of those guys that trusts my preparation.''' ,'''I try to take as many reps as I can, whether it's on a video game, playing EA 'Madden Football' or in the playbook, just drawing it or just visualizing it in my head.''' ,'''I'm just tough.''' ,'''You can't let the game become too big.''' ,'''Sometimes you do get too tough on yourself and you do think the impossible, but that's just the way I want to be.''' ,'''I welcome pressure.''' ,'''I had that mindset that I feel that I am the best prospect in the draft, but everything happens for a reason.''' ,'''I come from amazing DNA, I watched my mom fight and win against breast cancer.''' ,'''Prior to the draft I met with the Vikings about four or five times.''' ,'''I was the face of Louisville, as a freshman.''' ,'''I've talked to Frank Gore, Willis McGahee - different guys who had similar injuries to me. Those guys have been great mentors to me and kept me motivated.''' ,'''I'm not going to go out there and throw the ball all around the park and throw it to the other team.''' ,'''I play for my passion. I could care less about first-round money to seventh-round money.''' ,'''My purpose will not be denied.''' ,'''Approach each day with the same mindset that your opportunity can come within a blink of an eye.''' ,'''Whatever happens, happens. It's all a part of God's plan.''' ,'''I really don't get angry.''' ,'''I want to think that I can do the impossible. I'm just going to continue to think that way. I'm just going to continue to think that way and motivate myself.''' ,'''I know that I have the ability to keep a play alive.''' ,'''Been dealing with pressure since I've been playing sports, so that's why I play the position. It's a pressure-packed position and I love it.''' ,'''My background has made me the person I am today. It's made me a mentally and physically tough guy.''' ,'''Basically, I look at every day as a blessing and a new opportunity.''' ,'''I'm only human.''' ,'''I don't try to make any decision of the impulse of my heart. I think things through and go from there.''' ,]
+++