+++
author = "Howard Bloom"
title = "Howard Bloom Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Howard Bloom Quotes"
keywords = "howard bloom,howard bloom quotes,howard bloom quote,howard bloom sayings,howard bloom saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''New questions can produce new scientific leaps. They can tiddlywink new flips of insight and understanding. Big ones. Paradigm shifts.''' ,'''How does a cosmos without a bearded, bathrobed God in the sky pull off all the things that a bearded, bathrobed guy in the sky was supposed to have pulled off? If there was no God who said 'Let there be light,' where did we get all that light?''' ,'''Our planet has a peculiar wobble - its precession. And that precession produces upheavals in our weather, weather alterations we cycle through every 22,000, 41,000 and 100,000 years.''' ,'''Divinity is an emotion of being lifted out of yourself and being part of something much bigger than yourself that makes you go, 'Oh my God.' And that sense of awe? It's the second rule of science.''' ,'''Nearly every tribe and nearly every human being has gods. Belief in gods is all over the place. It's universal. It squeaks and squoozes from every pore of humanity.''' ,'''Climate change is not the fault of man. It's Mother Nature's way. And sucking greenhouse gases from the atmosphere is too limited a solution. We have to be prepared for fire or ice, for fry or freeze. We have to be prepared for change.''' ,'''In the two million years during which we climbed from stone-tool-wielding Homo erectus with sloping brows to high-foreheaded Homo urbanis - man, the inventor of the city - we underwent 60 glaciations, 60 ice ages.''' ,'''I'm a stone-cold atheist.''' ,'''How does the cosmos create? That's not just any question, it's 'the' question. It's the God Problem.''' ,]
+++