+++
author = "Alexandre Pato"
title = "Alexandre Pato Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Alexandre Pato Quotes"
keywords = "alexandre pato,alexandre pato quotes,alexandre pato quote,alexandre pato sayings,alexandre pato saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I remember my first time in the Champions League. I was 18, and it was Arsenal against Milan at The Emirates. The night before, I remember I put my music on my iPod. I was lying in bed, and I listened to the Champions League music. That was my Champions League debut, my first time. It was beautiful.''' ,'''My special thing is my speed. I'm fast.''' ,'''I don't think the physical part of English football would be a problem. When you get the ball, you need to be ready. The defenders here are very tough. I like that.''' ,'''I went to Brazil to learn more about my body and my physique: what to do before training, during training, after training, even after the match.''' ,'''I follow English football a lot and Ancelotti.''' ,'''I could play, scored a goal; I showed that I can play in Europe, in England. Because many say that England is very difficult.''' ,'''When I arrived in Milan, I found myself surrounded by many fantastic footballers.''' ,'''I arrived in Milan when I was 18. But my time in Italian football helped me to mature.''' ,'''I'm a professional, and I have to always do my job.''' ,'''Talent is a feeling that you want to play.''' ,'''I really want to play in Chelsea.''' ,'''Before I came to Italy to play for Milan in 2007, I saw in the papers that my name was mentioned in connection with some English clubs.''' ,'''Playing in Milan for me meant being able to play alongside players who were idols to me as a kid. Playing alongside David Beckham - his long passes are perfect for me.''' ,'''I have a very good relationship with my peers both on and off the pitch.''' ,'''I like the emotion in the English league. You look at the TV, and you see the stadium and the fans.''' ,'''I have friends who play for Chelsea, Liverpool, and Manchester United.''' ,'''Chelsea received me very well.''' ,'''In football, nothing is certain, so it's no problem to return to Corinthians.''' ,'''I want to write a new story in Europe, to make a new history. I want to come to win the championship and play again in the Champions League.''' ,'''I loved Milan. I was there for six years and made my stories there.''' ,'''Thanks to my fans for support on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook.''' ,'''I just try to do as well as possible.''' ,'''I am working and improving every day, and I am happy with my work.''' ,'''When I was getting injured so much, I spoke to my family and my manager and said, 'I need my body to recover.' The first thing I thought was that I needed to stay upright. When I went back to Brazil to play, after a few months, my body was perfect.''' ,'''I love English football.''' ,'''To play for Chelsea is a blessing.''' ,'''I played very well in AC Milan, but I had two years of injury problems. I needed to change team and the city for my mentality.''' ,]
+++