+++
author = "Logan Marshall-Green"
title = "Logan Marshall-Green Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Logan Marshall-Green Quotes"
keywords = "logan marshall-green,logan marshall-green quotes,logan marshall-green quote,logan marshall-green sayings,logan marshall-green saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not responsible enough to have puppies.''' ,'''I don't need to be liked, but I need to be vital - on set or on stage - and I think that probably would be my advice: Stay vital. It's about saying 'no' and asking the tough questions and believing in yourself when no one else will, but you have to know the rules to break them.''' ,'''I just always wanted to be a baseball announcer. I'm a huge Mets fan, and I wanted to be the next Bob Murphy. As far as careers go, that was the first career that I really thought about. Well, before that, I wanted to be a Mello Yello truck driver.''' ,'''My first real acting gig was probably playing Mamillius in my mother's 'Winter's Tale.' My mom and dad are both in theater, so I grew up acting and being a little theater brat as well.''' ,'''I'd be honored to be in the same sentence as Tom Hardy. I've been a twin since the day I was born - fraternal, but we look a lot alike - so I've already been mixed up with another man my entire life.''' ,'''My mom introduced me to science-fiction.''' ,'''It takes awhile for writers to get to know actors rhythms, not just as actors, but what they bring to the characters. I think it takes a few episodes for the writing room to catch up to the actors and vice versa.''' ,'''When your father directed your mother in 'Orpheus Descending,' the kid's going to be a theater nerd.''' ,'''When I was told that I was being offered a role in 'Miss Julie,' I already knew I wanted to do it.''' ,'''I just think the more we're observed by other people, the less we can observe them in order to play them and find their true condition.''' ,'''Being vital means knowing the rules and being brave enough to break them.''' ,'''My intention of making acting a career was about being onstage.''' ,'''If I was discovered by anyone, it would be Stephen O'Neil, who saw me in a play at Williamstown and introduced me to my team who I'm still with today. He was the first person to introduce me to the film and TV world. Other than that, I just assumed I would be a theater actor my whole life.''' ,]
+++