+++
author = "Lars Von Trier"
title = "Lars Von Trier Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Lars Von Trier Quotes"
keywords = "lars von trier,lars von trier quotes,lars von trier quote,lars von trier sayings,lars von trier saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Actors need bricks to play with, and in fact we rejected all the improvised fragments we had made without a plan. Improvisation without a plan is like tennis without tennis balls.''' ,'''When I show a film at a festival, I am showing myself. Everything is at stake for me.''' ,'''It's always been a lie that it's difficult to make films.''' ,'''Far be it from me to force anyone into either chess or dressage, but if you choose to do so yourself, in my opinion there is only one way: follow the rules.''' ,'''I had an almost fetishistic attraction to film technology.''' ,'''You could say that when you introduce humour to your work, you also step back a little from it. You create a distance.''' ,'''You know, I really do have some morals. I do actually care about people. And I do have a political standpoint.''' ,'''More than anything, there are more images in evil. Evil is based far more on the visual, whereas good has no good images at all.''' ,'''Political correctness kills discussion.''' ,'''If you want to provoke, you should provoke someone who is stronger than you, otherwise you are misusing your power.''' ,'''I grew up in a culturally radical home, where strong emotions were forbidden.''' ,'''When I was younger, I was fascinated by David Bowie, for example. he had created an entire myth around himself. It was as important as his music.''' ,'''I am not very tough with raising my children, but you can argue that to be more tough will help your children.''' ,'''Only a fool does not fear actors, but you can't beat them, and if you can't beat them, join them, as they say. As I've got older I've become very interested in that part of the work.''' ,'''When I was in film school, it was said that all good films were characterised by some form of humour.''' ,'''My films are about ideals that clash with the world. Every time it's a man in the lead, they have forgotten about the ideals. And every time it's a woman in the lead, they take the ideals all the way.''' ,'''That's the great thing about entering a convent: There are things that you simply can't do, so you don't have to worry about them.''' ,'''I'm happy that I'm alive. I feel like someone coming back from Vietnam, you know; I'm sure that later on I'll start killing people in a square somewhere, but right now, I just feel happy to be alive.''' ,'''I'm having a vacation, and it's so beautiful, and maybe I'll never get another film idea in my life.''' ,'''If I made a musical in the beginning of my career, it would have been crane shots and tracking shots and people coming out of cakes and whatever, but these techniques are something that I've left behind me.''' ,'''Basically, I'm afraid of everything in life, except filmmaking.''' ,'''I sit there pouring out my woes year after year, coming up with one enormity after another about my mother and the way she let me down; but it doesn't make me any the less fearful.''' ,'''I always do something that I've never done before.''' ,'''I would say that I am a poor Christian; I'm not a believer. It was this idea very early in my life that life on Earth, nature or man could not be a creation of a merciful God.''' ,'''I know that I cannot be with a person for three hours without saying at least ten things that would kill me.''' ,'''I think it's important that we all try to give something to this medium, instead of just thinking about what is the most efficient way of telling a story or making an audience stay in a cinema.''' ,'''If one devalues rationality, the world tends to fall apart.''' ,]
+++