+++
author = "Tina Knowles"
title = "Tina Knowles Quotes"
quotes_len = "79"
description = "the best 79 Tina Knowles Quotes"
keywords = "tina knowles,tina knowles quotes,tina knowles quote,tina knowles sayings,tina knowles saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In the music business, if you're not a fighter, you will get walked all over.''' ,'''Everybody has their pain.''' ,'''Sometimes people hear that you help somebody or you said something that really resonated with them that they really needed to hear. Sometimes people get motivated to go and do stuff. That makes me feel really good because I feel like I'm affecting people in a good way.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of Motown. When you saw them on stage, you saw sparkle... you saw attitude. They didn't have on t-shirt and jeans.''' ,'''At 58, I knew I had to get a divorce. At that age, it's an almost impossible thing to go through. I had been married 33 years. I had been married for 33 years. I didn't know anything else.''' ,'''When my kids were young, we used to go to a place called The Shrine of the Black Madonna in Houston. It was an African-American bookstore where they sold paintings, but they also had a room that was an all-purpose center. If you wanted to have a dance recital or anything that was related to the community activities, you could have it there.''' ,'''When I talk to people, I always try to figure out what their talents are, what is wonderful about the person. You do the same with kids.''' ,'''Everything in my life happened for a reason. Even when I thought they were the worst things in the world, they turned out to be the best things in the world.''' ,'''My ex-husband is my family.''' ,'''I decided I would never let anyone decide who I was.''' ,'''You can find love at any age. You just have to go for it.''' ,'''Take the time to get your clothes to fit. It makes a difference.''' ,'''I grew up with Cher and Motown, beautiful costumes.''' ,'''I was from this small town, and my parents were poor.''' ,'''I taught my girls to pick up their own suitcases. Pretty is as pretty does.''' ,'''Haters gonna be haters, and there's nothing we can do about that.''' ,'''When I look at me, I think I'm a good catch. Why wouldn't somebody like me for me? I'm a pleasant person. I'm an intelligent person. I'm a good person. I'm not bad looking. Why wouldn't I be able to get somebody to like me?''' ,'''Being in the music business, if we couldn't pull the fashions from designers and if designers couldn't use artists to show off their fashions, where would we be?''' ,'''You want to have a relationship with a man, but, at the end of the day, you have to have some good ole girlfriends. When you are at your lowest, they are going to be there.''' ,'''When you get to be a certain age, you want to wear your tops a little longer or pants that are more generous in the back area.''' ,'''Hair color is just an expression of something different that you want to have, or something creative.''' ,'''Beyonce knows what looks good on her and what doesn't. She likes fitted dresses. They flatter her curvy figure. Baggy tops don't work. But for everyday wear, she really prefers jeans and a fitted jacket.''' ,'''I am very fortunate that I have such close relationships with both of my daughters.''' ,'''As a teenager, my brother's girlfriend came into my life, and I just thought she was the bomb. I followed her around, and she could just say anything, and it would influence me. She took me to my first nice restaurant, bought me my first nice handbag, and took me to my first Alvin Ailey show when I was 14, which changed my life.''' ,'''When I went through my divorce, I decided that I was going to pray this time for someone. Then, God sent me someone. I prayed for the specific qualities I wanted in a man, and I wasn't going to settle for anything less.''' ,'''My 'Book of Prayer' is the most important thing I carry. If I'm tense about something or need to pray for protection for my kids, it always helps.''' ,'''Diana Ross... she's the bomb.''' ,'''My grandkids are amazing.''' ,'''As a designer, I believe in the power of fashion. It has the ability to not only change how you look but also how you feel about yourself.''' ,'''There's a misconception that you have to match your shoes and your bag. It can be so cool to add a patterned or off-color heel.''' ,'''I not only enjoy a really great friendship with both my girls but also a close mother-daughter bond as well.''' ,'''I've heard complaints from women all over the country that plus-size clothes aren't sexy enough. You know, I'm a grandma, but I don't want to look like a grandma! I want to feel confident and sexy in the clothes. I like my stuff tapered and well-fitted, not all boxy.''' ,'''You can dress sexy without going too far.''' ,'''I'm a grandmother, but I don't want to look like a grandmother. I still want to look sexy and sophisticated.''' ,'''Nothing makes me happier than for a woman to come up to me saying, 'I started exercising, and I lost weight, and I got a new man,' and you know, I get chills thinking about it. It's my purpose; I feel like I found my purpose.''' ,'''My mother was a very amazing woman. She was a very strong, remarkable woman.''' ,'''I think that everybody, at one time or another, has been betrayed and lied to, and it's about the pain, and it's about the healing process, and it's about how do you get past that and move on.''' ,'''When I owned a hair salon back in Houston, I did a lot of makeovers. Women would come in for a new hairstyle and go out with a whole new look. I know what looks good on a woman.''' ,'''I don't understand women who don't love women. I love women. I just think they are magnificent creatures.''' ,'''We can still be sexy and vibrant, fashionable, classy, and fly until the day we die!''' ,'''I don't post pictures of my grandchildren unless I get permission. I'm really respectful about that. If I feel like anything is invasive of someone's privacy, I don't do that, either. Sometimes I have great pictures, but I'm like, 'Eh, maybe this is not right.'''' ,'''The music business inspires designers, and designers inspire the music business.''' ,'''My girls do a lot of philanthropic work, but they are very private about it.''' ,'''When we say, 'We are starving,' we have to remember that there are people who are literally starving. If everyone fed one person, one meal, we could make a huge difference.''' ,'''Every woman deserves to look fashionable, whether a size 2 or 22.''' ,'''Yves Saint Laurent mascara is the best I've ever tried.''' ,'''I've read some things where people are like, 'Beyonce wants to be white' because she has blonde highlights in her hair, but it's ridiculous. You know, she is who she is, and she's a very proud black woman. I know people with natural hair that are the least black inside; you know, it doesn't matter.''' ,'''People always accuse us of being overprotective with Beyonce. But I was the mother saying, 'You gonna go hang out? You gonna go to this party?' She was always just so durn easy, so durn mature.''' ,'''The whole thing about dating was the scariest thing in the world. And I would tell my friends, 'I'm never going to find anyone. Where am I going to find someone? By now, I'm 59 years old. Where do you meet men?' It was really funny. So I just focused on myself.''' ,'''Beyonce has long, muscular legs but is tall, thin, and very curvy, even voluptuous.''' ,'''Artists are blessed to travel all over the world. They see the trends before they even come out.''' ,'''I loved Diahann Caroll growing up. I love a sophisticated, classy woman.''' ,'''In high school, I had a singing group, and I designed the outfits and made my friends' prom dresses.''' ,'''You want kids to dream big.''' ,'''Our lives haven't been picture-perfect.''' ,'''If you hold onto stuff, it holds on to you. It just weighs you down, and it's a waste of energy. Why would I waste my energy on being bitter and hating when I could be using it to go out and do some really good stuff, you know?''' ,'''Shoes can change an outfit.''' ,'''Red is my signature color.''' ,'''I enjoyed a close relationship with my mother, who set a wonderful example. As such, I have always tried to be as open and honest as possible with the girls growing up. I let them know they could always come to me with anything - and I would be there to support them.''' ,'''When Beyonce began singing in earnest, she was 10 years old.''' ,'''I'm the makeover queen. I love to do makeovers on people.''' ,'''There was a time when I doubted if I would find love again. But I was determined to be happy.''' ,'''I think, when you value yourself and respect yourself, everything else just falls into place.''' ,'''Louisiana is a special place in my family's history, and we are committed as a family to never forget the city and the people of Baton Rouge.''' ,'''We pray before everything - videos, onstage, TV shows. I think that has a lot to do with being successful.''' ,'''It's easy to make clothes for a model, but when you can put them on real women and real curves, that's the test.''' ,'''I'd like to reinforce that fact that if you put out positive stuff that that's what you get back.''' ,'''We have always been a family that's given back. We just don't make a lot of noise about it.''' ,'''I'm always ready for more grandbabies.''' ,'''Beyonce was very shy around children, and one of the reasons we put her in dance classes was so she'd have some little kid friends.''' ,'''I believe in the power of great clothing. It can evoke confidence, beauty, and a sense of glamour.''' ,'''When I mentor girls, I'll go around the room and ask them what they want to be or do. I've heard so many kids say, 'I don't want to be anything,' which is really shocking, but it's because no one has sat down and asked them.''' ,'''If you want to go high-end, that's great, but my dream has always been to make fashion affordable enough so you're not limited by your budget.''' ,'''I never asked my children to do something I didn't show them that I could also do.''' ,'''I always have Trident gum with me because I talk to people all the time.''' ,'''Beyonce, Solange, and my adopted daughter, Kelly Rowland, and I have always bonded over fashion.''' ,'''My mother, Agnes Dereon Beyince, was a seamstress and designer, and her passion passed down to me.''' ,'''If you're easily overwhelmed when you shop, remember that store employees know what's in stock, and they love to give fashion advice. Working with one is like having your own stylist.''' ,'''If you're going through something, just know that you're gonna come out on the other side. You're going through it - you're not stuck there forever.''' ,]
+++