+++
author = "Jackie Shroff"
title = "Jackie Shroff Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jackie Shroff Quotes"
keywords = "jackie shroff,jackie shroff quotes,jackie shroff quote,jackie shroff sayings,jackie shroff saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Indian cinema has completed 100 years. How many new stories can you bring every time? It's not possible.''' ,'''My father was a journalist. He used to write for 'Blitz' tabloid.''' ,'''It is not a lead part, but you could definitely say that 'Devdas' wouldn't move forward if it wasn't for me.''' ,'''India is the biggest democracy. We have the right to say what we want to say, and people have the right to protest.''' ,'''My father said that I will be an actor, but I scoffed at him.''' ,'''Can there be any other gift in the world greater than the blessings and goodwill of people?''' ,'''I have always given my 100 per cent to the characters I believed in.''' ,'''After 'Grahan,' you'd be nuts to think I'd try producing again!''' ,'''I couldn't dance to save my life.''' ,'''I work instinctively. If I like something, I do it.''' ,'''I don't drink anymore.''' ,'''I know I was known as a ladies man and all that, but even the thought of holding my heroine's hand made me break into a sweat.''' ,'''After doing the Bengali 'Antar Mahal,' I felt I should work with all Indian languages.''' ,'''I've done a host of Tamil and Telugu films, a Bengali one, too.''' ,'''Everyone has lied for some reason or the other.''' ,'''I am all-giving like my mother and practical like my father.''' ,'''If someone out there gets his 15 minutes of glory by using my name, so be it.''' ,'''I developed a passion for cars when I was a kid. I found a tyre on the street, and I figured that I could roll it successfully. That made me love wheels.''' ,'''Winning is a different thing, but even being nominated for an award like Filmfare is an honour.''' ,'''God is in my heart; I see God in my daughter and my mother.''' ,'''I don't use supari at all, as that gets stuck in your throat.''' ,'''There was Rajniji, Subhash Ghai, Dimple Kapadia, Anupam Kher, and a few other friends at my wedding. That's it.''' ,'''I don't believe watching dreams but like to stick to reality. Reality is all about flood, hunger, illness.''' ,'''I have my mother's heart and father's face.''' ,'''Mukta Arts and I were born on the same day. I am still growing with Mukta Arts.''' ,'''I wanted to be a chef; I became a hero.''' ,'''What I treasure the most is people coming up to me in the elevator and saying, 'You really did a great job': neighbours who congratulate for a job well done or little fans who hug me and say they want to be like me.''' ,'''A good film is a good film.''' ,'''We never splurge on Diwali. How much can you spend on yourself? As it is, we do that throughout the year, so why not do something for others during Diwali?''' ,'''I have a good ear for music.''' ,'''Working with Subhash Ghai is always a different experience. Subhashji is my mentor. I'm always glad to work with him.''' ,'''Drinking makes people go out of control.''' ,'''I am what I was before joining films. Nothing has changed, and I hope nothing will ever change. I'll always remain the way I am.''' ,'''The love in the old days had a certain grace, quintessential feel to it. Now everybody is busy in their phones.''' ,'''All my life, I have lived in the chawls. They are my people.''' ,'''I don't know myself why directors are offering me negative roles, although I did 'Yaddein' after 'Mission Kashmir' in which I played a very positive character, but people don't remember that.''' ,'''No one should tolerate indecent behaviour; it's an absolute no.''' ,'''Nobody can take away your talent.''' ,'''Every day online is a new discovery.''' ,'''I have acted with Rajinikanth as his elder brother in 'Uttar Dakshin,' and since then, we have been close.''' ,'''I celebrate Diwali in a way that spreads happiness to those around me.''' ,'''I've always played variety of roles and don't want to get typecast.''' ,'''Madhuri should do more films. She should do a film with me where she is romancing me.''' ,'''I love Hyderabad. People here always given me a warm welcome.''' ,'''Documentary is reality. It shows the truth.''' ,'''When it comes to doing anything with Rajnikanth, one doesn't ask questions. One just does the needful.''' ,'''Youngsters should go to the hills and the seaside once in a while.''' ,'''My father was a Gujarati and my mom Turkish.''' ,'''I have always wanted to work with Rekha - she is one of the most gorgeous actresses of our time.''' ,'''I don't want to get any bigger - what does a 'big star' mean? I just want to be loved.''' ,'''The key is to be Zen-like and be happy with what one has.''' ,'''When I go out, a lot of people and their tiny tots call me Tiger Shroff's daddy.''' ,'''My father Kakabhai Haribhai Shroff was an astrologer.''' ,'''I follow the faith of all religions. My mother gave me abundant love when I was a child. She taught me the ways to lead life, and I have been a firm believer in all religions since then.''' ,'''During my younger days, I used to massage my mother's feet every day and receive her blessings.''' ,'''Believe it or not, I always found intimate scenes hard to do.''' ,'''I follow the work of my contemporaries. I love their work.''' ,'''If there are things that some think are wrong, then people have the right to speak up.''' ,'''I've got more than half of Mumbai addicted to the Internet.''' ,'''I can work with both the old, revered filmmakers and new directors. It is amazing how they see me in their world, and then I adapt accordingly.''' ,'''Danny Denzongpa knows exactly what to wear on what occasion. He is one of the most immaculately dressed people we have in the industry.''' ,'''I was born with two left feet.''' ,'''I was someone who was trying to make it into the world of glamour. On the other hand, Tiger has also been an athlete and a sports person. He is making his own choices instead of being under my shadow.''' ,'''I can't stand people who have all the money but do not even bother to help innocent children in any small way they possibly can.''' ,'''I am the most senior actor in 'Devdas,' yet I was not invited to Cannes. I guess these things happen in the industry.''' ,'''I never thought I would become an actor. When I started out, I never thought I would come so far. Acting was not my passion. When I experienced the highs of being an actor, I started liking it, and it gradually became my passion.''' ,'''I keep surprising myself with films like 'Mission Kashmir,' 'Albela,' 'Farz,' and 'Bas Itna Sa Khwaab Hai.' All the roles are very different.''' ,'''I went to a hotel to become a chef and then tried becoming a flight attendant, but no one took me. I then worked in a travel agency and got into advertising and modelling after someone spotted me. So I started doing ads. I did 'Charminar' ad, because of which I got two films.''' ,'''One must eat fruit and drink water before meals rather than after eating. Water dilutes digestion, and that's not a good thing for the body.''' ,'''K. Thiagarajan is a painfully shy young man. But he is the human personification of the idiom 'Still waters run deep.'''' ,'''The South is a place for music, dance, and culture.''' ,'''Actors have to maintain their physique, or they will fizzle out!''' ,'''There are no places better than Mahabaleshwar and Khandala to spend one's free time.''' ,'''Tiger is free to explore the world himself. He is a man whose persona is totally different from what I had during my initial days. There can't be any comparison between the two of us, since he is absolutely different.''' ,'''It's easy to say that he/she is a star kid and has had it easy in Bollywood, but being a star kid is the real pressure. You have to undergo a lot of pressure, as you are being constantly compared to your parents.''' ,'''I get online anywhere: at home, in the car, at a shoot.''' ,'''If you ever ask me what my all-time dream character is, my answer will be Mia Tansen, the great composer-musician in Hindustani classical music. And ideally, the film should be directed by a person like Bhansali who is a great director and has a marvellous sense of classical music.''' ,'''Salman Khan is doing really well in his career. I know him since the time he was growing up.''' ,'''Tiger is a sincere and hard working actor. I have always found him passionate about his work. He is not the kind to believe in taking short-cuts to success.''' ,'''What's there in a name! Some people call me Jai, while others call me Jaggu, Kishan, Jackie, or Bhidu.''' ,'''My work is my break. It takes me to different parts of the world, and I get to meet different people.''' ,'''If you desire, you are restless.''' ,'''As a child, I have seen what poverty is, and I try, to the best of my limits, to ensure that no kid should be deprived of his ambitions.''' ,'''I believe in my mother's blessings. And as far as Sai Baba is concerned, I believe there is only one God.''' ,'''I like to chat either at my site or, sometimes, through MSN and ICQ. And even if I do reveal my identity, there are a lot of times when no one believes me.''' ,'''I love paan. I have been having it since I was a teenager.''' ,'''I nearly got killed in a film, 'Patthar Ke Insaan.' I nearly lost my eyes another time and have been in many accidents in my career.''' ,'''There are many similarities between Sai Baba and me. He believed there is only one God, and so do I. He loved Sufi music; so do I.''' ,'''I never ask for a script when it comes to Subhash Ghai. I just do whatever he asks me to.''' ,'''I have never been choosy throughout my career.''' ,'''Just because you have given five successful films doesn't make you God.''' ,'''Telugu heroes are made into demi-gods. The fans here are sincere, and even if the film is bad, they will see it and stand by the actors they like.''' ,'''The lot that I came with is really versatile. We people can blend into any role we get. We are like wine. We grow better with age.''' ,'''My birthday is generally a very quiet affair.''' ,'''Rituparno is a very simple director. I have never seen Ritu shouting at anyone. The whole atmosphere on his sets is so relaxed that you don't feel that you are working.''' ,'''I want to pursue farming, and what better place to do it than at a hill station, which has a cool climate almost through the year.''' ,'''I still work with my heart.''' ,'''Everybody knows Sai Baba. Being an actor, I had to be extremely convincing while portraying the role.''' ,'''I always believe whatever is written in your fate will happen.''' ,'''It isn't easy being a star kid that way when you have to tackle all the pressure and still make your mark.''' ,]
+++