+++
author = "Glenn Gronkowski"
title = "Glenn Gronkowski Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Glenn Gronkowski Quotes"
keywords = "glenn gronkowski,glenn gronkowski quotes,glenn gronkowski quote,glenn gronkowski sayings,glenn gronkowski saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love being a part of the family and all that. I can't complain about it.''' ,'''I've always been labeled... people think things are handed to me.''' ,'''I can play a lot of positions, but obviously I haven't had a lot of practice at those different positions.''' ,'''I can do it all, and I want to do it all. Put me on special teams. Ask me to block. Hand off. Catching passes.''' ,'''I've actually never played with any of my brothers before. They've always been too old for me.''' ,'''I have no problem lining up running back, tight end, or fullback.''' ,'''We've been training since we were small. You definitely got to love it to be part of this family. We like to have fun. We like to work hard, and always staying out of trouble and always doing the right thing.''' ,'''I'm very versatile, very dynamic, and I can work around in a lot of places.''' ,'''I've never been in trouble with the law.''' ,'''The Patriots are known for winning and all that, so coming to a team like this, the atmosphere is just awesome around here.''' ,'''I was mainly a blocker in college. I mainly lined up in the backfield at fullback.''' ,'''Obviously, you're being evaluated every single week, and you want to perform every single week. It's just going out there and doing everything possible to help the team win.''' ,'''I'm intense. I play hard, and I love to show that.''' ,'''When it's time to go to work, it's time to go to work.''' ,'''I want to play a big role on special teams, too.''' ,'''To get my master's, obviously that would be something special.''' ,'''If you go off the Senior Bowl, that's basically what I can do. I played H-back, I played fullback, I played tight end, I played slot receiver, I ran routes, I caught some balls, blocked, just doing that stuff.''' ,'''You have to have fun in life.''' ,'''Versatility and being dynamic in the NFL is what you need to have because there are only so many roster spots. So, being able to help out in a lot of spots and on special teams is key.''' ,'''It's definitely fun being a part of this family.''' ,'''I just try to come out here, do my best, and try to help the team anyway I can.''' ,'''Just listen to your coaches; pay attention to what they're telling you to do.''' ,'''There's always people that say stuff about you. I just want to go out there and prove them wrong, and that's what motivates you.''' ,'''All my brothers, they deserve all the respect they get from everybody. I've seen all the hard work they put in first hand. The deserve everything they got.''' ,'''To have five brothers be successful in sports is awesome.''' ,'''I'm not doing anything dumb; I'm not getting in trouble.''' ,'''Work hard, never stop, do anything.''' ,'''Football's not forever.''' ,'''I was only used as a fullback at K-State - I wish I was used more.''' ,'''I consider myself more of a hybrid player than just a fullback.''' ,'''I didn't really fight with any of my older brothers. Mostly just Rob. Basically, all the memories I have are getting beaten up by him.''' ,]
+++