+++
author = "Rami Malek"
title = "Rami Malek Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Rami Malek Quotes"
keywords = "rami malek,rami malek quotes,rami malek quote,rami malek sayings,rami malek saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't use emojis. I go vintage.''' ,'''I think people have a hard time thinking that I could've done a sitcom.''' ,'''I always loved Hanks in 'Philadelphia' and 'Forrest Gump' and watching how versatile he was. That shaped my impression of what someone was able to do. Of course, everything De Niro came up with was always something I was taken by.''' ,'''Not long after 'The Pacific,' I began shooting the comedy 'Larry Crowne,' which was also with Tom Hanks, who also directed and plays the title character.''' ,'''I love film. I've always been enchanted by doing film. It's something I grew up watching - classics and directors I admire - so that's something I've always been passionate about.''' ,'''Everything has become so easy. It's great that it's at your fingertips, but I miss those good old days. And we're connected, but it can be very alienating. There is this distance between all of us because we're speaking to each other through cameras and monitors and icons and Emojis.''' ,'''On films, you have the liberty of working out the details, the psychology, taking maybe more risks and takes than you can in television just because you can't be figuring things out on the day.''' ,''''Twilight' fans are different. They're very civil with one another. It's a respect because they're all in this together and they all appreciate the same things.''' ,'''I'm very fortunate to have the privilege of working with directors like Bill Condon and Paul Thomas Anderson, who I think is one of the greatest filmmakers of our time.''' ,'''There's fears in everyone's job. Ours are in the limelight, and people think we're incredibly privileged or nuts to do what we do for a living.''' ,'''Being on a Paul Thomas Anderson film, the best decision an actor can make is to listen to Paul Thomas Anderson. Because he's probably not going to steer anyone in the wrong direction. I would always say go with your gut on any other movie set, but with Paul, I would say go with Paul's gut.''' ,'''Mara Casey gave me my first job. I saw something online, and it was for a part in a 'Gilmore Girls' episode, and I thought I was right for it.''' ,'''I would say 'The Master' was one of the most inspiring things I've ever got to work on.''' ,'''I get to delve into some of the most creative experience I've had as an actor on 'Mr. Robot.' I think there's a wide opportunity for actors to do that now more so than ever on television.''' ,'''I'm drawn to projects where I play these really complicated characters, but also where I can have some type of influence on affecting what we see as societal norms.''' ,'''I have to extend my admiration and respect for Sam Esmail, who is a visionary with what he's done with 'Mr. Robot,' and this brilliant resurgence of Christian Slater only helped us get where we are today - very talented individual.''' ,'''People used to think of me as a comedy actor.''' ,'''I'm just trying to play against ethnicity. I got to play a guy from Louisiana in 'The Pacific' named Merriell Shelton, and now I'm playing Elliot Alderman.''' ,'''Of course I would never compare myself to someone who actually went through a war, but I definitely matured shooting 'The Pacific.' I'm more calm and I have more patience.''' ,'''My sister is an ER doctor, and my brother is a teacher.''' ,'''I used to spend a lot of time alone as a kid, creating characters and doing voices in my room, and I thought to myself, I'm either going to go absolutely nuts, or I'm going to find something to put that energy into.''' ,'''I'm constantly questioning the effects technology has had on our lives and the effect that monetary debt has had on all of us. We keep this as a dark little secret: 'This is how much interest I owe.'''' ,'''I usually find myself hiking in a place that not a lot of people go hiking, just trying to find some solitude. I like being out in the middle of nowhere. Not always, but it's a good place to go to just reflect and think, and it's something I really enjoy.''' ,'''Every guy should be the owner of a really nice pen. When you put your thoughts down, or whenever you're going to share something with someone, it means something if it bleeds out in a nice ink.''' ,'''All you 'Twilight' fans, can't thank you really enough for being so supportive. You're real cool people.''' ,'''It's funny to think that when you get done with an acting job, you're considered unemployed. There are definitely times when those checks don't last forever. I went to college at a private school, and I racked up quite a bit of debt. I was very slow to pay them back.''' ,]
+++