+++
author = "Hannah Murray"
title = "Hannah Murray Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Hannah Murray Quotes"
keywords = "hannah murray,hannah murray quotes,hannah murray quote,hannah murray sayings,hannah murray saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One of the hardest things to do in acting is to stop thinking about yourself and stop being self-conscious.''' ,'''Turns out you have a really fun time if you go to work every day and focus on being silly and funny and happy!''' ,'''You can tell when people think they're a little bit special, and it's quite fun to laugh at them, and I think it's good to laugh at them, because then you can deflate their egos a bit.''' ,'''I really loved animals when I was little - my friend and I had an imaginary vet's office; we would mime doing surgery on animals. We treated more injuries than illnesses - fixing with a baby bear with a broken leg, removing a tumor. Of course, our surgeries would take about five seconds; that's how good we were.''' ,'''Was I in a nativity play? I think I was an angel; I was a very blonde child, so I tended to get typecast. I have a vague memory of wearing wings.''' ,'''I've always loved musical films; I find them really thrilling and exciting; it was part of what made me want to be an actress, that feeling of being really transported.''' ,''''Skins' is about a group of teenagers in Bristol, and it's all about what they get up to and all the different things they do. I think it's a good show because it's come from a very real place, and there's a lot of young people involved in the writing.''' ,'''I wonder if I maybe have a natural floatiness that comes through in everyone I play.''' ,'''No one in my family is in entertainment. They thought acting was a fun hobby, and when I got a degree, I'd settle down.''' ,'''I can't think of any shows I've watched about teenagers that has the same spirit that 'Skins' has, the same honesty about it.''' ,'''I really hate being recognised. I'm quite a shy person, and I'm not very good at talking to strangers. So when people come up to me in the street, I just find it quite awkward. I don't really know what to say to them.''' ,'''I really like all of the characters in 'The Secret History' by Donna Tartt, especially Camilla, the one girl. I find her fascinating.''' ,'''I'm not a trained singer at all. I've auditioned on occasion for proper musical theatre-type stuff, but I can't read music, and I wasn't particularly good at it.''' ,'''I don't think there's any show comparable to 'Game of Thrones' in terms of the way it does the fantasy element to such a high standard: everything is created with so much care and detail. You really feel like you are transported into this entirely other fictional place.''' ,'''Stuart Murdoch is a really special human being - really creative, but also really kind and gentle.''' ,'''Do people ever ask me to say 'Wow?' Never in interviews, but a few times on the street. I don't do it. I try to get away from them as quickly as possible and explain that I'm not a performing seal.''' ,'''I can remember on the first day on 'Chatroom,' it was just one scene for the whole day, which was a really nice luxury to have.''' ,'''On 'Chatroom,' everyone was so nice, and we had a really great time together; we were around the same age and got on really well.''' ,'''There are so many female roles - particularly for young women - that are just somebody's girlfriend or somebody's daughter, or that are accessories to the main story rather than being three-dimensional characters.''' ,'''I never, never lend any of my own clothes for parts any more because you lose your clothes; they become the characters' clothes, and you can never wear them again.''' ,'''I really like singing, although I'm embarrassed about doing it.''' ,'''Cambridge is really understanding and helpful, so that's been good, and it's just a case of trying to get stuff done when I am there and just being efficient with managing my time.''' ,]
+++