+++
author = "Jennifer Palmieri"
title = "Jennifer Palmieri Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Jennifer Palmieri Quotes"
keywords = "jennifer palmieri,jennifer palmieri quotes,jennifer palmieri quote,jennifer palmieri sayings,jennifer palmieri saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The first time I met Elizabeth Edwards, she greeted me at the door of her home juggling a yogurt in one hand and a Diet Coke in the other.''' ,'''I think that all men and women both, particularly women, hold back on parts of ourselves because they don't fit into the traditional workplace model.''' ,'''Many have observed that Elizabeth Edwards could be a political figure in her own right. She has never had an interest in that.''' ,'''We can't just cut our way to prosperity. Even as we look for ways to reduce deficits over the long term, we must grow the economy in a way that strengthens the middle class and everyone willing to work hard to get into it.''' ,'''As president, Trump does and says outrageous and false things every week, from ordering arbitrary travel bans to accusing President Obama of illegal wiretapping with no evidence.''' ,'''Here's what I've learned about Hillary Clinton: She will be criticized when she speaks; she will be criticized when she doesn't speak. And so I think she should speak her mind.''' ,'''If you start with the premise that whatever you want to be is going to happen, it changes the way you think about it.''' ,'''My dad was a Republican. My mom - my mom was mostly a Republican, although she voted for McGovern over Nixon. She was really proud of that. She also did, however, work for Trent Lott.''' ,'''I think that there should be an assault weapons ban.''' ,'''Women hold themselves back because they don't think their perspective matters. I'm here to tell you that you're not just robbing yourself when you do that: you're robbing all of us.''' ,'''America is not going to side with the people that think our best days are behind us. It's not going to side with the people that think we pit people against each other, even if they believe at their core - which I think some of these people do - that, you know, ultimately Trump would make things better.''' ,'''I am more proud of Hillary Clinton's alt-right speech than any other moment on the campaign because she had the courage to stand up.''' ,'''I know how to be a gracious loser.''' ,'''I am more proud of Hillary Clinton's alt-right speech than any other moment on the campaign trail.''' ,'''Just as somebody who lived through that campaign, I do believe that there was probably collusion. At least between the Trump campaign and WikiLeaks... The Trump campaign was just way too ready to jump on whatever leak happened each day.''' ,'''The more media interviews you do, the less any one interaction matters.''' ,'''When I worked in the Obama White House, people in national security positions had been uneasy making broad public arguments, particularly about political matters.''' ,'''A lot of Democrats like to play the 'If we were Republicans' game. I usually hate it; I don't want to behave like the Republicans do.''' ,'''The Democratic Party is always going to be a diverse group of people who are yelling at each other and fighting over what's the best way to do something.''' ,'''Comey is a particularly infuriating character, and I think what he has always been about, from when he was the deputy attorney general under President Bush, is about protecting his own reputation.''' ,'''If you're a minority party that doesn't control any branch of government, you're more likely to be ignored.''' ,'''I think that crying is a way women and men express frustration, anger, or passion. And we should not feel compelled to mute those emotions.''' ,'''I was born in Pascagoula, Mississippi, lived there a couple of times. My dad was in the Navy. So, we lived in Mississippi and South Carolina until I was 11, and then I moved to California, went to, you know, high school there in the Monterey Bay area.''' ,'''The possibility of collusion between Trump's allies and Russian intelligence is much more serious than Watergate. It is a constitutional crisis. It represents a violation of our republic's most sacred trust.''' ,'''You hear people say, 'Well, I was going to say this, but I knew I couldn't get through it without crying.' Well, like, think of all the great things we didn't hear because of that.''' ,'''We've made so much progress in the last 100 years, and I think it's easy for us to think that women in the workplace, women in politics, isn't that big of a deal. And when you step back and look at it from the scope of human history, from thousands and thousands of years - it's a radical idea for a woman to be in charge.''' ,'''If Trump expects the Americans who did not vote for him to accept him as president, he needs to show that he accepts all of them as Americans. He needs to show that he understands their concerns and hears their fears.''' ,'''It's common for information previously considered unclassified to be upgraded to classified before being publicly released.''' ,]
+++