+++
author = "Toni Braxton"
title = "Toni Braxton Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Toni Braxton Quotes"
keywords = "toni braxton,toni braxton quotes,toni braxton quote,toni braxton sayings,toni braxton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had a 23 per cent blockage in my micro-arteries. At first the doctors thought I needed a heart transplant, then they said I have microvascular angina, which means I will be on medication for the rest of my life.''' ,'''I'd lose my mind if I heard my kid call the nanny Mommy.''' ,'''Although becoming a singer was my plan A after first hearing Whitney Houston when I was 17, I started off with plan B by going to the teacher-training college that my dad went to. It was a slow coming of age.''' ,'''But I don't want to be out there anymore; I don't want people asking me about my health issues, about my kids. I choose not to be a public paparazzi girl on purpose.''' ,'''I take an active role in my imaging and how I look.''' ,'''I love my family, I'll do anything for them.''' ,'''I can live a totally normal life and do everything I want to do just as long as I take my medication. My body will give me signals if it gets weak or fatigued, so I know when I need to take a break.''' ,'''My ideal kinda guy, if I was really gonna go there even though he's married, is Mark Wahlberg. To me he's a little black and white, the kinda guy who would understand if I pull my weave out.''' ,'''To do what you love can sometimes be stressful.''' ,'''I know for works for me - those wonderful sad love songs.''' ,'''I'm a businesswoman who's serious about her money. I want an empire.''' ,'''I'll probably be 80 years old and still performing. Music is like fashion, it changes. But some things will always be the same.''' ,'''If I'm uncomfortable, you'd never know.''' ,'''I've been advised not to have any more children for medical reasons, so that's it - the shop has closed, even though I would have loved a daughter.''' ,'''If you break your knee, you have therapy on your knee, and it's the same for your heart.''' ,'''I love dishes and house things so I kind of lost it a little bit on the house ware. One-thousand thread-count sheets, that's what I indulged in.''' ,'''Like Scarlett O'Hara, I won't be broke again.''' ,'''I can't record in the morning because I sound like Barry White.''' ,'''You don't want a whole bunch of yes people around you.''' ,'''Dating is different when you get older. You're not as trusting, or as eager to get back out there and expose yourself to someone.''' ,'''I was a 10 million-plus selling artist.''' ,'''Performing live is the greatest high in the world. That's why I do what I do.''' ,'''I'm not a diva. I'm a tadpole trying to be a frog.''' ,'''In a broken marriage, it can be challenging and tough to get that work/life balance. I love performing but I also love being a mum, and I hate having to choose between them.''' ,'''I'm in love with kid's stories and animation.''' ,'''Grammys, American Music Awards, successful albums, I'd pick my kids any day over any of it.''' ,'''I am fed up with men who use sex like a sleeping pill.''' ,'''I do have height envy. I'm 5'1 and my sisters are giants so I do have height envy.''' ,]
+++