+++
author = "Pablo Casals"
title = "Pablo Casals Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Pablo Casals Quotes"
keywords = "pablo casals,pablo casals quotes,pablo casals quote,pablo casals sayings,pablo casals saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Let us not forget that the greatest composers were also the greatest thieves. They stole from everyone and everywhere.''' ,'''Each person has inside a basic decency and goodness. If he listens to it and acts on it, he is giving a great deal of what it is the world needs most. It is not complicated but it takes courage. It takes courage for a person to listen to his own goodness and act on it.''' ,'''We ought to think that we are one of the leaves of a tree, and the tree is all humanity. We cannot live without the others, without the tree.''' ,'''To retire is to die.''' ,'''You must work - we must all work to make the world worthy of its children.''' ,'''Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart.''' ,'''The most perfect technique is that which is not noticed at all.''' ,'''To retire is to begin to die.''' ,'''Man has made many machines, complex and cunning, but which of them indeed rivals the workings of his heart?''' ,'''The child must know that he is a miracle, that since the beginning of the world there hasn't been, and until the end of the world there will not be, another child like him.''' ,'''The love of one's country is a splendid thing. But why should love stop at the border?''' ,'''Music will save the world.''' ,'''The heart of the melody can never be put down on paper.''' ,'''The art of interpretation is not to play what is written.''' ,'''I feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance.''' ,'''The first thing to do in life is to do with purpose what one purposes to do.''' ,'''I am perhaps the oldest musician in the world. I am an old man but in many senses a very young man. And this is what I want you to be, young, young all your life, and to say things to the world that are true.''' ,]
+++