+++
author = "Julia Garner"
title = "Julia Garner Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Julia Garner Quotes"
keywords = "julia garner,julia garner quotes,julia garner quote,julia garner sayings,julia garner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love romantic comedies so much.''' ,'''There were no secrets in my house. I always knew what was going on.''' ,'''I loved old movies. And I like imitating people.''' ,'''If a person feels like 'They're not acknowledging me'... That's a very important feeling in life, even if it's not romantic.''' ,''''When Harry Met Sally'... is probably my favourite movie.''' ,'''I think that the most important thing for me is, how is the character that I would be reading for? Is it interesting? Is there stuff to do? Are there things that you can do with the character? How can you play it out? Just those kinds of things that are very important for an actor. Also, a good director and good dialogue.''' ,'''If you feel like you're doing terrible in a scene, that usually means that you're not listening because you're too preoccupied with yourself... you're not listening to your scene partner. If you listen, you're naturally going to get that response that the camera's going to pick up because you just react.''' ,'''I think the hardest thing about doing an accent, especially with a Missouri accent, is making sure that you're not mumbling with the words so your diction is clear.''' ,'''I hate rodents. I cannot stand rodents. I couldn't even watch 'Ratatouille,' which is an animated film.''' ,'''If you really love something, just continue doing it.''' ,'''When a child knows there's a secret, they don't know what it is, but they know it's there, and they know they're being lied to.''' ,'''My first film festival and my first film that I've ever been in, 'Martha Marcy May Marlene,' that was at Sundance.''' ,'''I don't want anyone to expect anything from any of my films; I just want them to see it and then tell me what they think.''' ,'''I do weird parts - there's always something wrong with my character, or they are in a really weird situation.''' ,'''I didn't grow up, really, in the film business, even though my parents are both artists. I grew up in New York City. They would never put me into acting. I just kind of wanted it, and I told them that.''' ,'''You have to add some sort of dimension to each of your characters because everyone has their own layers.''' ,'''Every part that I do has to be different from the last part that I did so I don't become a stereotype.''' ,'''I just want to continue to learn as an actor and as a person.''' ,'''I remember my mom being very scared the first few auditions. My parents are very supportive, but they're also very realistic, which is great.''' ,'''I think Matthew Rhys is great. I think he's a phenomenal actor.''' ,'''I'm very good in letting things go; there's always new things, and I'm a big believer in 'everything happens for a reason' kind of thing.''' ,'''I go wherever the good story is.''' ,'''People are intrigued but also scared about things that are uneasy.''' ,''''Beetlejuice' used to scare me.''' ,'''I'm the worst liar - I can't lie for my life. And I don't lie at all, because I'm the worst liar - but as a kid, I thought I was a great liar, so I would lie all the time, but everybody knew I was lying.''' ,'''I'm from Manhattan. I'm some Jewish girl from the Upper West Side.''' ,'''For my senior year, I'm home schooled. It's working well with the acting. Juggling school with the acting is hard, but you know, what can you do?''' ,'''I started taking acting classes when I was 14. That's when I knew I wanted to try it professionally. Before that, I watched movies, always, but I didn't think it was a real job. I watched Turner Classic Movies with my parents. I've always loved the old classics.''' ,'''The thing that I look for in a script - I'm not looking for anything next because you never know where life's going to take you, so you can't just expect, 'I want to do this next.' So I'm not expecting anything; I'm just hoping.''' ,'''I have a journal, and every character that I play, I write as the character: how I feel about things and how I'm going to play it.''' ,]
+++