+++
author = "Hailie Deegan"
title = "Hailie Deegan Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Hailie Deegan Quotes"
keywords = "hailie deegan,hailie deegan quotes,hailie deegan quote,hailie deegan sayings,hailie deegan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think the people who just stay in line fall into a segment of average drivers and I don't want to be average. I want to be different; I want to be unique for my driving style and my abilities.''' ,'''There's nothing I hate more than an over-cocky person. I have friends that'll be all cocky and then go out and get their butt whooped. They're the worst.''' ,'''The hardest thing for me was just getting crew chiefs and people to believe in me.''' ,'''If you're any type of driver, you want to win - end of story.''' ,'''I've been in a lot of fires.''' ,'''I feel like in NASCAR, there's not many personalities that take up social media. Most of the time, it's just the media person doing it for them, and you don't get that connection with the fans when you do that.''' ,'''I think what is most important to me is to be competitive week-in and week-out - not winning a race one week and then not finishing.''' ,'''That's what stock-car racing is. You hit someone, or you get hit. That's something I had to learn. It's a key factor in why I'm so aggressive. I don't want to have to hit you. But if you're going to hit me, I'm going to hit you.''' ,'''I'm not going to go out there and set the world on fire and win my first race. People have to understand that. It's going to take time. It's going to take a lot of learning. I think eventually we'll obviously get better with time.''' ,'''You're never going to make everyone happy. There's always going to be someone who says something about you on Twitter. You just focus on all the people who do support you. With negative people, it's not me who has the problem. It's them.''' ,'''Usually when I talk with other drivers, it's about past races, what they did, tips for different tracks, especially others in the Ford family.''' ,'''A lot of drivers don't put that stuff on social media because they're scared they might get criticized or whatever, and there will be people who say I can't drive. I just don't let it get to me and do my own thing.''' ,'''I try to keep it really real on my social media, whether it's me training or working out, whether it's me practicing or failing at something.''' ,'''Dirt has given me a really good car control ability, but it would have been an easier transition if I'd been racing pavement my whole life. But off-road has given me such a good foundation for car control when the car is loose, because the competitions are so intense - basically 30 minutes of utter chaos.''' ,'''Even in the ARCA race we have scheduled pit stops. You're already rolling with everyone; you can't lose any spots. But in the trucks, you can lose or gain a ton.''' ,'''Being over at Ford offers a much clearer path in my development.''' ,'''You have to bump or throw a block sometimes. Even when it goes wrong, how many times has it worked? I think it's a matter of picking and choosing your battles. You gotta do what you've gotta do to try to get a win.''' ,'''When there's a goal ahead of you, you want to move past it, and make a new goal for someone else.''' ,'''You don't feel accomplished when you get that first step on the ladder. You feel accomplished when you're on top of the ladder. I want to be on top, and I'm going to do everything in my ability to get there.''' ,'''I think NASCAR racing comes down... to going for those last-lap passes, making those risky moves. That's what makes drivers unique.''' ,'''I love social media. I think people in NASCAR don't use it enough and there's so much you can do with it.''' ,'''I like Kyle Busch, I love his driving style. He might not have the most positivity off the track, but I do like his driving style.''' ,'''I run all my social. I post everything, all the videos and stuff.''' ,'''I'm trying to build relationships with the drivers trying to figure out who is going to help, who is not going to help and who I can trust.''' ,'''Off-track, I do a lot of physical training, I work out a lot. My dad grew up in the motocross scene, where it's intense and everyone's in really good shape. That's the lifestyle that I grew up around, so I might work out more than other racers do.''' ,'''I'm never really just satisfied with where I'm at. I always just want to get better, improve more, learn as much as I can because obviously I have a lot to learn and a lot to get better at so it's all about improvement to me.''' ,'''Do I influence people? Maybe.''' ,'''Definitely, road courses are something where I lack experience.''' ,'''My parents can't always travel with me because my little brother is a world champion on dirt bikes.''' ,'''When you get to stock racing, you have to be a little more patient and 'save your stuff' to be there at the end.''' ,'''Any opportunity I get to get into a car, no matter what kind of car it is, I will drive. Driving all of those different cars helps your abilities.''' ,'''My dad has pretty much taught me, he's built this thing with me, he trains with me, practices with me, goes to the gym with me, we battle each other at the go-kart track. We're so competitive with each other, and I feel like we both make each other better because we're so hard on each other, just trying to be the best we can.''' ,'''I'm so used to being in this racing world. This is what I want to do. I don't like doing anything else.''' ,'''I try really not to focus on what I've accomplished, but what I need to do next, what I'm working towards.''' ,'''I don't think you should compare yourself to anyone else because everyone is in a different situation.''' ,'''To be a part of NASCAR, to have the name behind me is such a big deal.''' ,'''People wonder where I get my aggressiveness. Since I was 8 I've been racing that way.''' ,'''But it's hard for people to give you a chance until you prove to them that you're worthy.''' ,'''Because at the end of the day, you really only have one reputation and one shot, and once you kind of get that bad reputation and don't have some good results, then it's kind of over. It's really hard to build it back.''' ,'''I didn't really know what I was going to do when I was 15, or where I was heading.''' ,'''Winning is kinda the cure to all things; to getting followers, fans, success. You've just gotta win.''' ,'''I have raced trucks in the off-road world but to now have the opportunity to race trucks next season in the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series is a dream come true.''' ,'''I saw these little trucks that I was obsessed with, and my dad got me one for my eighth birthday. That was the start of my racing career.''' ,'''I don't want to be cocky, but I want to win a championship and feel that with my team, I have the ability.''' ,'''I'm trying to build a good fanbase, a good army behind me of people and supporters.''' ,'''You don't see guys being compared with other guys, you base people on your roots in racing. You would think I'd get more compared with people who do dirt racing.''' ,'''In the end, I'm a racer, I'm not a model, obviously. I lost about a foot of my height for that. And in the end, I'm not trying to be one. I'm trying to be a real person. Try to be a racer.''' ,'''I take every race like my ride is on the line, like it's my last. I don't get sponsors when I finish second. My sponsors aren't happy when I finish second. They're happy when I win.''' ,'''I'm still learning how to flip that switch on and off. I want to make the most of every opportunity with the least amount of collateral damage. In every race you make smart moves and you take risks.''' ,]
+++