+++
author = "Emerson Fittipaldi"
title = "Emerson Fittipaldi Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Emerson Fittipaldi Quotes"
keywords = "emerson fittipaldi,emerson fittipaldi quotes,emerson fittipaldi quote,emerson fittipaldi sayings,emerson fittipaldi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think with new president Chris Pook of CART, he is very active and strong.''' ,'''The racing driver's mind has to have the ability to have amazing anticipation, coordination, and reflex. Because of the speed the car goes.''' ,'''I wanted to be the best in the world.''' ,'''You have to visualize a second or two ahead of your car what line you are taking, what you are going to do, before you get there because it comes too fast.''' ,'''I am very happy because motor racing is very important outside the states, very big all over the world.''' ,'''A racing driver has to be a good driver.''' ,'''I have to accept risk as a racing driver.''' ,'''There are many young talents in Brazil. There is a lot of hope in Felipe Massa. It is very difficult to judge him in his first year, but by the end of the end we are going to have a better position how he does in Formula One.''' ,'''I based in Brazil, Sao Paulo, but I come very often to the states, and I travel all over the world.''' ,'''To race Formula three is very high risk and I am not going to take a chance. Thank god I am not doing it!''' ,'''Indy car racing is much more aggressive.''' ,'''You are going in one second the length of a football field. That means you brain is receiving information from your body what the car is doing physically, bumping, balance, performance.''' ,'''I was extremely aggressive from the start.''' ,'''I was extremely lucky. I had some huge crashes and yet I am still here, thanks to God.''' ,'''You had to decompress the pressure before the race. I taught my heart to relax. I lay down before the race. It gave me more energy just before the race.''' ,'''Gary Smith, when I came to America, taught me a great deal about racing.''' ,'''Also, I am very religious. It gave me peace of mind all my career.''' ,'''I go to see grand prix every year, and I watch every race on TV for sure. I probably go to three or four CART races and three or four Formula One races.''' ,'''I know if someone is coming from my right side. I could feel it.''' ,'''When I came to America Al Unser, Jr. was very difficult. And Bobby Unser.''' ,]
+++