+++
author = "Hannah Storm"
title = "Hannah Storm Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Hannah Storm Quotes"
keywords = "hannah storm,hannah storm quotes,hannah storm quote,hannah storm sayings,hannah storm saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I literally couldn't get anyone to hire me. Having a woman do sports was seen as too risky.''' ,'''The sports space is so full of opinion that you aren't hearing from the athletes just speaking for themselves. We are such a Twitter-oriented society with radio talk shows, TV talk shows and social media - what you are missing is the authentic, unfiltered aspect of who these people are.''' ,'''J.J. Watt is larger than life and Houston's newest sports hero, in every sense of the word. He is a guy who spends NFL Fridays at high school football games and actively seeks out those in need of his kindness.''' ,'''People are much more loose if you are having fun. I had a basketball player who was really soft-spoken, and then we played Connect Four with him, and he really opened up!''' ,'''At key crossroads in his life, Vernon Davis has continued to make a conscious choice to grow as a person and player. His determination through adversity since his childhood days is commendable.''' ,'''It's no surprise that I ended up in sportscasting. I lived this world with my father, Mike Storen. Dad was a sports executive for most of my childhood.''' ,'''I was in Charlotte, N.C., when they launched the NBA team there, the Charlotte Hornets. And the first guy to roll into town was Carolina native Michael Jordan.''' ,'''I love my kitchen. On the weekends, we have friends over, the kids are buzzing around, and we cook and talk.''' ,'''If your child is born with a port-wine stain, they should be seen immediately by a pediatric dermatologist. Your pediatrician does not understand these birthmarks as well as a specialist.''' ,'''ESPN is a very anchor-driven network, which I love.''' ,'''I've been out of my comfort zone a lot, and it makes me more vulnerable, but I have to draw the line somewhere, and don't think I would go skydiving!''' ,'''Despite his NFL pedigree, Clay Matthews had to fight every step of the way to get to the NFL. Once there, he's had a unique appreciation of what it took to succeed.''' ,'''My father's peripatetic career also gave me critical perspective when it came to my own career choices.''' ,'''I was a huge ham in school in Atlanta.''' ,'''My birthmark essentially looks like I have a black eye. It isn't that bad, so you can imagine if it has been this big a part of my life, think of what it must be like for children with more serious birthmarks that cover half their face.''' ,'''Secretary of State Colin Powell, thank you so much, as always, for joining us this morning.''' ,'''Every burn on my body has had its own different personality. And all of them needed different things.''' ,'''I believe in tackling things you're afraid of.''' ,'''Vin Scully has been my broadcasting idol for a long time. He is so humble - he has the exact same work ethic that he had 65 years ago. His family is what he cares about the most, and at the heart of his whole being is his marriage and kids.''' ,'''I loved the glamour and excitement of the games and, in particular, knowing the names of each and every one of the referees - that's because my mom, a former basketball player, would yell at them from our front-row seats for making bad calls!''' ,'''As I got older, I became so self conscious about my birthmark that I was very hesitant about going to a pool party, because I didn't want my makeup to rub off.''' ,'''Even when I lost my job at CBS News, I set up shop in my youngest daughter's bedroom and started Brainstormin' Productions and the Hannah Storm Foundation. And guess who was there, visiting me and enthusiastically making business charts and graphs that covered my entire kitchen table? My dad, of course.''' ,]
+++