+++
author = "Mikey Madison"
title = "Mikey Madison Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Mikey Madison Quotes"
keywords = "mikey madison,mikey madison quotes,mikey madison quote,mikey madison sayings,mikey madison saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm just a sucker for a good script and people that are passionate about it. I love independents.''' ,'''I got to spend a week with Lenny Kravitz while we were filming his arc, which was very exciting. This guy is so cool and amazing that beforehand I felt so uncool and nervous.''' ,'''My parents are psychologists. My father is a specialist with schizophrenia and my mother works with mostly children.''' ,'''I'm the only actor in the family. My little brother does Parkour. My sister married a writer, so I think that's what sparked my interest in acting.''' ,'''You never know when you're going to have to make a daisy chain.''' ,'''Me and my brothers all have different personalities and we definitely clash over living together in a small space.''' ,'''I read somewhere that your voice towards your children becomes their inner monologue. That was so interesting to me, and I think that pertains to 'Better Things' as well.''' ,'''When I was 14, I had no idea who I was, and it was so confusing. So to see strong, confident girls, that I get to be around all the time, it's so amazing. It's reinvigorating for me.''' ,'''I was just painfully shy. I couldn't talk to anyone. Going up in front of class, I would have to mentally prepare myself to raise my hand.''' ,'''I definitely gravitate toward characters that have a lot of integrity and it's so important to be to be working on shows that tell great stories.''' ,'''I always wanted to have younger sisters growing up.''' ,]
+++