+++
author = "Sulli"
title = "Sulli Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Sulli Quotes"
keywords = "sulli,sulli quotes,sulli quote,sulli sayings,sulli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't commit any crimes.''' ,'''I hate people who 'gaze rape' me.''' ,'''There were times when close people... Some of my closest friends have left me. People hurt me, so everything fell apart. I didn't feel like I had anyone on my side or anyone who could understand me. So that's why I completely fell apart.''' ,'''When I met people in the past, even before saying hello, I felt like I should explain myself: This isn't who I am!''' ,'''I felt something like a sense of achievement while acting.''' ,'''My life is actually empty, so I feel like I'm lying to everyone by pretending to be happy on the outside.''' ,'''IU and I hosted a music program together, and she had told me that she would be writing a song for me. My fans call me 'Peach,' so when her new song came out, I called to ask her about it, and she confirmed that the song was for me.''' ,'''Social phobia, panic disorder... I've had panic disorder ever since I was young.''' ,'''I was under so much pressure. I often felt scared.''' ,'''I think I have a lot of ambition when it comes to acting.''' ,'''It's because I feel comfortable that way... not wearing a bra looks more natural and prettier.''' ,'''I wish people would look at me and think, 'Well, someone like that exists!' Accept the difference.''' ,'''I'm not a bad person.''' ,'''Going braless is one's freedom.''' ,'''I have never bought a swim suit because of my fear for water.''' ,'''I didn't know I would cry when I actually cut my hair, but I felt empty when something kept dropping and disappearing.''' ,'''I had looked forward to the day I would cut my hair because I wanted to change my style when I couldn't before. When the day came to actually cut my hair, however, I felt so empty my eyes teared up on their own.''' ,'''Even close people left me - I was hurt by them and felt there was nobody who understands me, which made me fall apart.''' ,'''I did not have chance to buy swim suits because I did not go swimming at all. If I ever get a chance to buy one, I want to try one in white or with ribbons.''' ,'''Bras are like accessories to me.''' ,'''When I first posted pictures of me braless, there were so many different reactions. I could have been frightened and hide, but I didn't. I wanted people's prejudices to disappear.''' ,]
+++