+++
author = "Hildur Gudnadottir"
title = '''Joker' is, of course, a character of my generation grew up with, and it's a character you know really well and have strong opinions about. He's been a larger-than-life character in fiction. He's one of these rare characters that have had such strong performances.'''
description = '''the best Hildur Gudnadottir Quote: Joker' is, of course, a character of my generation grew up with, and it's a character you know really well and have strong opinions about. He's been a larger-than-life character in fiction. He's one of these rare characters that have had such strong performances.'''
slug = '''joker-is-of-course-a-character-of-my-generation-grew-up-with-and-its-a-character-you-know-really-well-and-have-strong-opinions-about-hes-been-a-larger-than-life-character-in-fiction-hes-one-of-these-rare-characters-that-have-had-such-strong-performances'''
keywords = '''Joker' is, of course, a character of my generation grew up with, and it's a character you know really well and have strong opinions about. He's been a larger-than-life character in fiction. He's one of these rare characters that have had such strong performances.,hildur gudnadottir,hildur gudnadottir quotes,hildur gudnadottir quote,hildur gudnadottir sayings,hildur gudnadottir saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation'''
+++
Joker' is, of course, a character of my generation grew up with, and it's a character you know really well and have strong opinions about. He's been a larger-than-life character in fiction. He's one of these rare characters that have had such strong performances.
