+++
author = "Trevor Jackson"
title = "Trevor Jackson Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Trevor Jackson Quotes"
keywords = "trevor jackson,trevor jackson quotes,trevor jackson quote,trevor jackson sayings,trevor jackson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Kevin Gates is probably the smartest person I've ever worked with. He's cool, he's crazy, but he's genius.''' ,'''Every time I'm ever in L.A., if I have anytime off - which is rare - I'll go straight to the basketball court and play. That's a way for me to escape and get my mind off everything. I'm so competitive, so if I'm playing basketball, all I'm thinking about is winning.''' ,'''You can only give someone your best opinion.''' ,'''That's what you have to learn with life. It's your life at the end of the day. There's really no right or wrong way to do things. Everybody has a way they think you should do it. So why not do it your way, you know what I mean, respectfully.''' ,'''You take the job, you learn from it, and you move on.''' ,'''I can't be around someone who is negative because I am such a positive person. If you are mean, then we don't speak.''' ,'''Tap dancing and basketball started at the same time, and when I was eight, I just kind of made the decision that entertainment was really where I wanted to be.''' ,'''I totally respect fraternities.''' ,'''If you enjoy yourself, then people will enjoy you.''' ,'''I love to play any character that isn't close to my personality.''' ,'''I feel like people are so closed-minded at times.''' ,'''Through my work, I've learned that if I love it, whether it's music, acting or any type of entertainment, I can overcome any of the obstacles that come my way.''' ,'''I'm that type of person that if I feel like I'm doing the same thing in life, then I'm stuck. Always gotta be moving and doing something different.''' ,'''There is no point of doing anything if you're not going to do it all the way.''' ,'''Every night, I don't care if I'm doing interviews that day or photo shoots that day, what's most important is that I'm making sure I'm right and tight for the show. These people all come out to see me, so I have to perform and make sure that they never forget it.''' ,'''You can't be afraid of rejection. That was one of my problems when I was approaching girls: I was always afraid of what they were going to say to me.''' ,'''Before I started writing for myself, I was writing country records, and they were coming out dope.''' ,'''If I write a song, I'm gonna end up singing it. If I sing it, I gotta dance to it.''' ,'''When I'm acting in TV or movies, I'm a character. But when I'm doing music, I'm Trevor Jackson.''' ,'''The things I connected with Zurich about were that he is a selfless person; he wants the best for everybody. He wants to see everybody win. And he's a strong person. A lot of the time, he doesn't wear his emotions on his sleeve because he wants to stay strong for his line brothers, his family, his mom, everybody. I feel like I can relate to that.''' ,'''I'm in Atlanta all the time shooting and recording. That's why I stayed.''' ,'''I feel like we sometimes let our emotions and anger get in the way.''' ,'''When you say 'R&B,' people's minds automatically go in a place. How about I just say, 'Here's a tape; you can check it out on iTunes. You tell me.'''' ,'''I want to influence the younger generation to know that we have the ability to make a change and bring us all together. Black Lives Matter.''' ,'''There's nothing better than to work with somebody who appreciates you as an artist.''' ,'''Any project that I put out, I never want it to sound like the first one. It can have some vibes or stuff that matches, but I want it to be growth, progression, and you can't be comfortable when you're growing. If it feels good and it sounds good, it's good.''' ,'''I don't come from any type of entertainment. I come from a basketball family. My dad still says, 'Trevor, are you sure don't want to play basketball? You can play in college and go to the NBA!' But I did play.''' ,'''I think purpose is the most important thing because once you understand that, everything else becomes easy.''' ,'''People say things they'll never do but then do them because they want to be a part of 'this great thing.'''' ,'''We're always evolving. It forces us to grow.''' ,'''There are so many people telling you no, but if you love what you do, no one can stop you.''' ,'''I like a girl who can be a girl but also ready to play basketball.''' ,'''I know everything that I do is going to be more powerful and touch more people in a positive way than if I go out there and cause havoc.''' ,'''I want to be the Denzel of acting and the Michael Jackson of music.''' ,'''I've been given the tools necessary to be a great musician, a great entertainer, and great person that's gonna inspire everyone.''' ,'''Girls... they test you, and I don't like that. I don't get it. They do things, and then when you respond, they get mad. It's so confusing, I can't even explain it.''' ,'''It's weird because if I'm not doing anything, I get antsy. I feel like I always have to be doing something.''' ,'''Whatever I'm doing at that moment, I try to only focus on that because I'm already ADD.''' ,'''Don't ever silence your morality to be a part of anything.''' ,'''Most importantly, I don't do music for people to want to be a singer, actor, or dancer. I do it because I love it and I want to show others you can accomplish goals.''' ,'''You gotta be great - you have one life.''' ,'''I just get so hype - I love performing. I love performing whether someone's there or someone isn't there.''' ,'''I've been trying to sing for a long time. I didn't realize that's what I wanted to do until I was about seven or eight. I tap danced since I was three years old, and that's all I did.''' ,'''Disney has been really good to me, so if a role comes up, I hope they'll keep me in mind.''' ,'''I feel like a lot of people have a hard time finding what they do, or they have a job or career and not a passion. That's miserable for me. Just find your purpose; understand that you have one life to live.''' ,'''I can't see myself doing anything else. I feel like I can touch more people with music.''' ,'''Zendaya is a truly supportive friend and has a sweet tooth like I have never seen, ha ha.''' ,]
+++