+++
author = "Benee"
title = "Benee Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Benee Quotes"
keywords = "benee,benee quotes,benee quote,benee sayings,benee saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not a naturally funny person, and I also can't dance, so I feel like I'm lacking the key things that you need to make a good Tik Tok video.''' ,'''I started posting a few covers on SoundCloud in 2017, and that got me into contact with my producer who I still work with, Josh Fountain.''' ,'''I think it's nice to have New Zealand as a base for me... it's this little island on the bottom of the Earth. It's this nice, quiet place.''' ,'''I always take notes on my phone of lyric ideas.''' ,'''I want everything to build and create a massive artwork composed of different songs, colors, physical art and visuals.''' ,'''I love making videos for my music, you can literally do anything. It's like you can write a song about anything; you can also write a video that is the weirdest thing you can relate to the song, and I find that quite cool.''' ,'''I don't eat eggs.''' ,'''I played around with GarageBand before, but I'd never actually made a proper song. So it was getting into the studio with him where I made my first proper song. I've always loved creative writing, so I had done that as well.''' ,'''Honestly, I'm the worst storyteller ever. Like, I just take so long.''' ,'''I call everything Steve. Since I was little, I'd go on, like, holiday and call hermit crabs Steve. And I still do. I'll name a snail Steve. Everything is called Steve in my world. My car is also called Steve.''' ,'''I think that BENEE definitely has this newfound confidence in me where I love to do whatever I want and have fun making art.''' ,'''There are songs from dreams that I had. Relationships, I get a lot of inspo from those. I mean, I've written a song about a spider. It comes from everywhere.''' ,'''I think the States is a huge part of the music industry worldwide. There are so many other artists and music industry people here, so I think to be working my audience here is definitely a go.''' ,'''I love to play around and have fun with my lyrics, but sometimes the messages are raw, and I also like to get emotional with them.''' ,'''People often reach out and comment on how they relate to my lyrics, which makes me feel very warm inside.''' ,'''I think some songs on the EP, especially one called 'Blu', I've allowed myself to become vulnerable and express more of my sadder emotions.''' ,'''I'm inspired by Jackson Pollock; splashing layer upon layer, using different materials, experimenting with new methods to produce something fresh. I'd love to be able to create in this way!''' ,'''There's always space for me to grow and I think that experimenting and making mistakes is gonna get me to this position where I'm trying to be is always changing.''' ,'''I wrote 'Evil Spider' about wanting someone that's already taken. I guess it was based on a personal experience, but I went a lil extreme on the theme... me being a spider trying to snare someone. In real life, I was just observing!''' ,'''Being able to chuck ideas around and bounce ideas off each other with anyone I'm working with is just something I love to do, that's how most of these ideas are formed.''' ,'''Taking risks is the best thing ever, and that's what gets you anywhere.''' ,'''I like the idea of experimenting with all sorts of themes and just feeling free creatively.''' ,'''I like the idea of blending genres.''' ,]
+++