+++
author = "Reginald Veljohnson"
title = "Reginald Veljohnson Quotes"
quotes_len = "6"
description = "the best 6 Reginald Veljohnson Quotes"
keywords = "reginald veljohnson,reginald veljohnson quotes,reginald veljohnson quote,reginald veljohnson sayings,reginald veljohnson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Black lives certainly do matter - that's one thing. But, it's just that in every profession, there are bad, as well as there are good. I think it's wrong to make cops - or any group - out to be the enemy based on a generalization. Stigmas and generalizations about groups are what get this world into such turmoil.''' ,'''I don't know what it is about me and this cop thing, but I get a lot of cop offers. Everyone always assumes that I'm someone on the force, but as long as they are paying me, I will play a cop until the day I die.''' ,'''You have to believe in yourself. You have to go out there and love what you are and who you know you are in terms of your craft.''' ,'''When 'Family Matters,' and 'Full House' were on, back then it was a simpler time.''' ,'''My years on 'Family Matters' were precious to me. During the run of the show, I saw many births, deaths, weddings... The actual family on the show became my family.''' ,'''I couldn't be a police officer. It's a very difficult job to put your life in the face of danger for someone else, and that is extremely selfless. To now vilify cops is not really the way I think it should be looked at.''' ,]
+++