+++
author = "Robert Woodrow Wilson"
title = "Robert Woodrow Wilson Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Robert Woodrow Wilson Quotes"
keywords = "robert woodrow wilson,robert woodrow wilson quotes,robert woodrow wilson quote,robert woodrow wilson sayings,robert woodrow wilson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''An antenna collects radiation from a desired direction incident upon an area, called its collecting area, and focuses it on a receiver. An antenna is normally designed to maximize its response in the direction in which it is pointed and minimize its response in other directions.''' ,'''My collaborations with V. Radhakrishram and B. G. Clark were especially fruitful.''' ,'''During my pre-college years, I went on many trips with my father into the oil fields to visit their operations. On Saturday mornings, I often went with him to visit the company shop. I puttered around the machine, electronics, and automobile shops while he carried on his business.''' ,'''I consider myself so lucky.''' ,'''I kind of liked the idea of a universe that always was and always will be.''' ,'''I joined Bell Laboratories at Crawford Hill in 1963 as part of A. B. Crawford's Radio Research department in R. Kompfner's laboratory.''' ,'''Following Rice, I went to Caltech for a Ph.D in physics, without any strong idea of what I wanted to do for a thesis topic.''' ,'''A radio telescope pointing at the sky receives radiation not only from space, but also from other sources including the ground, the earth's atmosphere, and the components of the radio telescope itself.''' ,'''My grandparents moved to Texas from the South after the U.S. Civil War and settled on small farms in the Dallas-Ft. Worth area.''' ,'''I spend many evenings reading or continuing the day's work, but I also enjoy playing the piano, jogging, and traveling with the family.''' ,'''Radio Astronomy has added greatly to our understanding of the structure and dynamics of the universe. The cosmic microwave background radiation, considered a relic of the explosion at the beginning of the universe some 18 billion years ago, is one of the most powerful aids in determining these features of the universe.''' ,'''A radiometer is a device for measuring the intensity of radiation. A microwave radiometer consists of a filter to select a desired band of frequencies followed by a detector which produces an output voltage proportional to its input power.''' ,'''I attended public school in Houston. I took piano lessons for several years, and in high school, I played trombone in the marching band. I remember especially enjoying two seasonal activities: ice skating with the Houston Figure Skating Club in the winter and visiting an aunt and uncle's farm in West Texas in the summer.''' ,'''My high school career was undistinguished except for math and science. However, having barely been admitted to Rice University, I found that I enjoyed the courses and the elation of success and graduated with honors in physics. I did a senior thesis with C.F. Squire, building a regulator for a magnet for use in low-temperature physics.''' ,]
+++