+++
author = "Jessica Stroup"
title = "Jessica Stroup Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Jessica Stroup Quotes"
keywords = "jessica stroup,jessica stroup quotes,jessica stroup quote,jessica stroup sayings,jessica stroup saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was raised in a strict Southern household in Lexington, South Carolina, and I remember sneaking off to watch 'Pet Cemetery' as a kid. After seeing those animals reincarnate, I screamed and couldn't sleep for weeks, but watched it again and again.''' ,'''I'm just a huge fan of smells, first of all. I have a bit of an obsession with smells.''' ,'''I'm Southern, but I need to be out making my own money, and impacting the world outside of my house.''' ,'''I was raised by boys. I can hold my own, I can fight, and I love horror movies - simply for the scare factor and the surrealism.''' ,'''For meals, I'm big into quinoa or rocket salad with a protein like shrimp of chicken added to it.''' ,'''When I was 15, I got a job at the first Hollister that opened up.''' ,'''I love getting to work with the stunt coordinator. It's like choreography, like a dance.''' ,'''I'm such a tomboy - I was raised in the South - and I also really wanted to work in New York, being so different from California, though it was a freezing-cold winter.''' ,'''I was in, like, nine schools by ninth grade, so I moved a ton of times when I was younger.''' ,'''On set, I have a lot of coffee... so I try to chug water before going for that next cup.''' ,'''If you watch '90210,' you see my hair changing every episode - I've chopped it off, and I've kept it long. I've done it all to my hair on that show.''' ,'''I was a part of that Beanie Babies generation. I had, like, 400 of them... OK, maybe not that many, but I had a lot of little stuffed animals that I liked to make talk. I was a big dork, and I still am.''' ,'''Circuit training is a great way to go. Keeping the reps high and the weight low, you'll tone your muscles without bulking up.''' ,'''When you don't feel healthy, stop the excuses and do something. Just go outside, walk, breathe. Life's too short to fall into a rut. You are in charge of you - treat yourself well, and it'll show.''' ,'''I love 'Gossip Girl.' I used to hang out with Blake Lively and Jessica Szohr. I'm also addicted to Bravo and reality shows like 'Top Chef.'''' ,'''Hair on a guy is something that attracts me first; if you've got a good head of hair, and you're able to style yourself in a way that's presentable, I think that's really important.''' ,'''Women rule men's lives - every decision a man makes is based on a woman.''' ,]
+++