+++
author = "Mark Consuelos"
title = "Mark Consuelos Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Mark Consuelos Quotes"
keywords = "mark consuelos,mark consuelos quotes,mark consuelos quote,mark consuelos sayings,mark consuelos saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a father of three Mexican-American kids.''' ,'''To me, marriage has nothing to do with anybody but me and my wife.''' ,'''My wife is so funny and talented and never lets anybody fail next to her.''' ,'''My father came here from Mexico.''' ,'''We have dinner every single night, Monday through Friday, with our children. We sit down around 6 or 6:30 and it's a family dinner - it's time to check in, just to be around each other.''' ,'''As a father, you immediately become uncool, especially the older they get. The older you get, it's inevitable that, as cool as you think you are, you're probably just as lame in your kids' eyes.''' ,'''I hope gay marriage will be legal in every state.''' ,'''For a couple of years, I focused more on producing because I wanted to be close to home, after traveling a lot for work.''' ,'''When you're a parent, you're automatically the most uncool person that exists.''' ,'''There's a lot of great things to see here in the United States. Those times spent together with maps and old cups from the diner you went to, those are really important as a family.''' ,'''I like things to have rules, I like order and I like schedules.''' ,'''I am pretty standard, the way I dress, but matching the belt to the shoe - you know, brown belt, brown shoe, black belt black shoe - that's completely out of the window! I had no idea.''' ,'''I'm pure old-school Cardinals fan.''' ,'''I've never been traditional, and I hate conforming to anything.''' ,'''Any time you get a chance to do something different or get away from your appearance or get away from what people are used to seeing, I think it's always good.''' ,'''I have career ADD, he says. I have career dissatisfaction. Even as a young kid, I'd have that. I'd get really passionate about something and then I'd realize, 'I don't want to do that!''' ,'''Sometimes we're at hotels, and I'll answer the phone. They'll say, 'Mr. Ripa, your breakfast is coming upstairs.' And I'm like, Is my father-in-law here? But, obviously, I'm proud either way - Ripa or Consuelos.''' ,'''My default answer to most of the questions my kids ask me is 'no.' I just start with 'no.' I let them fight for it a little bit.''' ,'''If we can survive being married and working on a soap together, commuting back and forth when we lived in New Jersey, and we didn't get divorced then, we're never gonna get divorced.''' ,'''My kids are fans of 'Riverdale.'''' ,'''The Yankees are my team.''' ,'''I'm claustrophobic. I can't go into haunted houses. They have these tight, dark, enclosed space. I freak out. That's my phobia. It gets me out of stuff. Someone asks me to do something and I tell them I can't because I'm claustrophobic.''' ,'''I think every actor would probably say that it's always a collaboration. And if you ask directors, they'll tell you that they expect the actors to bring something. They don't want to be thinking for everybody.''' ,'''I've played a lot of jerks, actually - my daughter seems to think there's a trend there, but I'm not so sure!''' ,'''If two people live together, one has to be patient, and typically, the other one is very annoying.''' ,'''With most good scripts and good shows, they expect the actor to bring some of their ideas to the backstory of the character. It's always a good collaboration between the actor and the writer and the director to try stuff out during the process.''' ,'''People always ask me, 'Why did your wife take that extra job?' What they don't know is that four out of five days a week she's going to be home having dinner with us by five o'clock.''' ,'''I'm bananas over my wife.''' ,'''I am very traditional, and I am the disciplinarian.''' ,'''I got extreme street credibility from my high school-aged son. He's like, 'Dad, the fact that you're in 'American Horror Story' is absolutely cool!' I was like, 'Okay, but I'm not sure if it's appropriate for you.' And he was like, 'Dad, come on! I'm a New York City kid - in high school.'''' ,'''I'm doing 'I Hate My Teenage Daughter' with Katie Finneran and Jaime Pressly.''' ,'''I retweet. I do retweet a lot. I don't have a lot of very original things to say.''' ,'''We found that our kids enjoy those simple adventures we take as a family. I'm driving, my wife's the copilot and we give one kid a choice of what they want to go do. We eat a lot of bad food and sleep in some interesting hotels.''' ,'''There are certain projects that you love to be involved in, no matter what the capacity, and there are certain projects that I probably wouldn't even consider getting behind.''' ,]
+++