+++
author = "Brea Grant"
title = "Brea Grant Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Brea Grant Quotes"
keywords = "brea grant,brea grant quotes,brea grant quote,brea grant sayings,brea grant saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I shaved my head when I was 14 - is that bad? I asked my dad's permission first. He said, 'You're gonna look like a boy.' And I said, 'OK'... then I did it anyway. All through high school, I had a shaved head and I'd dye it crazy colors - it was fun.''' ,'''I need poise. I'm just so clumsy that it would kind of save me a lot.''' ,'''Sometimes shows get into their 5th and 6th season and you're like, where can you go? But 'Dexter' is still so strong, it's really refreshing.''' ,'''On 'Heroes' I got to work with Greg Grunberg all the time and Masi Oka, and they both are just wonderful actors. I don't know - you learn so much by watching people like that, I guess.''' ,'''I'm really into gardening.''' ,'''I'm always excited to work and excited to be on a show as good as 'Dexter,' for sure.''' ,''''The Invisibles' by Grant Morrison is my favorite series of all time.''' ,'''There's something really amazing about watching an actor like Michael C. Hall or Jennifer Carpenter, who are completely professional and do everything so brilliantly, but yet can have a really great time on set.''' ,'''Oh my God, I'm so excited. I love Comic-Con, it feels like a weird nerd camp. All my nerd friends are there and all the comic book writers I know and then a lot of actors, too, and you hang out with these people for just a few days, but you hang out with them all day, every day. It's like camp - it's like a weird camp. I love it.''' ,'''I ended up on 'Heroes' because I auditioned for the part like everybody else, but the writers were writing the role of Daphne, which was originally called Joy.''' ,'''I was once doing an improv show and it was my turn to jump on stage and I fell on my face. It's a really terrible way to start a show.''' ,]
+++