+++
author = "Kurt Warner"
title = "Kurt Warner Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Kurt Warner Quotes"
keywords = "kurt warner,kurt warner quotes,kurt warner quote,kurt warner sayings,kurt warner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have been very blessed in that I have been completely fine. No headaches, no depression... absolutely no signs of post-concussion syndrome.''' ,'''Having seven kids, you love being in a position where you know how you act, what you say, and how you help someone can ultimately impact their long-term success or belief or confidence.''' ,'''The president of the United States, his role is to uphold and to fight for the rights of every person, every American.''' ,'''The thing that I appreciate so much about my career and journey is that I do believe everybody can relate to it. There were highs and lows, obviously, before I got to the NFL. And then I got there and won a championship.''' ,'''The one thing I always say to myself is I want to make sure that when a team invests in me that they get their investment's worth.''' ,'''I have seven kids. I want to watch my kids grow up. I want to participate in their activities. There's a lot I wanted to accomplish beyond football. It all starts with making sure my heart's healthy.''' ,'''I had to play arena football for three years. I had to work in a grocery store for a while to make ends meet. I had to go to Amsterdam to play.''' ,'''I really feel like my story in modern day times is very similar to a biblical story: you know, somebody that nobody expected, that everybody said couldn't, and by God's grace and power, I was able to accomplish a lot.''' ,'''The Biggest Loser,' 'The Voice,' and 'American Idol'... they're giving people opportunities to do what they've always dreamed of doing... to me, that's great reality television.''' ,'''When I played, I didn't have the strongest arm, and in a game, I never threw it as hard as I could, either.''' ,'''That's part of the deal. You're going to be criticized. I always welcomed that. Not everyone believes what I believe. And I welcome the criticism, not because I like it, but because it means they're watching you. It presents an opportunity to share your message and share your faith.''' ,'''My religion, that's who I am.''' ,'''I've been nervous a number of times. Your first start. Playing in the Super Bowl. Your first Super Bowl. Very nerve-racking. The one thing that you can always fall back on is that you know what you are doing. You know how to play the game.''' ,'''Sports have an amazing way of banding people together from all walks of life, building relationships that would have never happened.''' ,'''I believe that I've got a unique knowledge and understanding of this game, and I'm able to see it differently than a lot of people.''' ,'''I don't think there's any question that the Arena League allowed me to flourish. I played three years in a league where the quarterback wasn't supposed to be stopped. We never wanted to kick. When I went into the NFL, I had that same mentality.''' ,'''Nothing is a guarantee at all.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it's not about starting a game in the NFL, winning a Super Bowl, or getting to the Hall of Fame. It's about representing yourself in a way that represents your faith.''' ,'''As far as success, I have always felt that success is determined by competitiveness.''' ,'''On the football field, I keep my emotions tied up inside, but when I'm with my family, I let them out.''' ,'''I grew up in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, so in Iowa, we didn't have a pro sports team, so it was all about the Hawks, and everybody was a Hawkeyes fan, and everybody had their black and gold and had something Hawkeye related.''' ,'''The thing I'm most proud of in my career was to be able to help two organizations go someplace that they've never been before. Not many people get that opportunity to do it with one.''' ,'''If the hall of fame happens, what a tremendous honor. But it's just icing on the cake.''' ,'''If you can play the game later in your career very similar to how you played earlier in your career, then it bodes well for you to play longer and play better longer.''' ,'''A lot of people, when they see my career, they hear or remember, 'Sat on the bench four years in college, got cut by the Packers, worked in a grocery store, and then won the Super Bowl.' That's kind of the timeline the people see when they hear 'Kurt Warner.'''' ,'''I was a Cowboys fan growing up.''' ,'''It's a great game, and it's done great things for me and my family, but the bottom line is when I'm done, I want to be able to walk away and be everything I need to be for my family.''' ,'''It's hard for me to sit still.''' ,'''Kurt Warner is not who he is without the city of St. Louis.''' ,'''I remember one of my first prayers when I became a Christian was simply, 'God, provide a job for me. I don't care how hard I have to work, just provide a job and opportunity so that I can take care of my family.' And you know, that was really all I asked from Him.''' ,'''The greatest impact you can have on people is never what you say but how you live... You set the standard with your actions. The words can come after.''' ,'''My brother was a Chargers fan, so we watched Dan Fouts a lot growing up.''' ,'''Any time you make a change, and a major change, as you try to establish something, there's a lot of question marks there on what's going to happen moving forward.''' ,'''Sometimes guys peak early. They get drafted higher, and they make it to the NFL, and they don't have a lot of growth.''' ,'''If you can stand up for your faith when you're on top, you can stand up for it now that you're at the bottom.''' ,'''I've had a great time making the transition from playing to talking about the game, and there is no better place to talk football than NFL Network.''' ,'''I believe that the only way to truly be fulfilled, the only way to truly be the person that God created us to be, is to live in our passion, is to do what we're passionate about. It changes everything about us.''' ,'''No matter how badly you play, you want to come out healthy.''' ,'''I would love to be a creative offensive consultant where I could help design and help create plays and ways to attack other teams without having the coaching schedule.''' ,'''People think that whatever happens on the football field should define me way one or the other. A lot of people say, 'I can't believe you don't think more highly of yourself, two-time MVP, Super Bowl MVP,' but it's like, whatever. It just happens to be what I do. I want to be defined by what I believe in, by who I am.''' ,'''I was content playing Arena football. If a better opportunity hadn't come along, they would've had to throw me out of the league to get rid of me.''' ,'''When I look at my situation, yes, there were a lot of things... small school, didn't play much... but I knew that when I played, I won. And I also played in more of a pro system, so I understood the game of football. That helped me translate when I finally did get my opportunity.''' ,'''There's a huge yearning in our culture for something more... it's being more in touch with God... and what we were created to be.''' ,'''I've done things that people in this league will never do.''' ,'''I look terrible in caps.''' ,'''I was a receiver until I was a freshman in high school. I didn't play quarterback until I was a freshman.''' ,'''The great ones have the ability to focus and tune everything else out and see more than the others. Average quarterbacks have tunnel vision. They see what's in front of them. The better you get, the more that tunnel expands, and the more guys on the field you see.''' ,'''So many guys come onto the scene who aren't supposed to be there. You pull for one, and then you see there's another and another and another, and you start to say, 'Who cares where a player was drafted? He can play football, and he can play at this level.'''' ,'''There is nothing better than playing for the championship at any level of football.''' ,'''You have to learn how not to be defined by failure.''' ,'''Faith lives inside of us in every circumstance.''' ,'''I became a Christian at about 26 years old as I was going through the process of playing Arena football and trying to get back into the NFL and pursue my dream.''' ,'''I always felt like wherever I was, I'd be successful.''' ,'''Of all the awards given to NFL athletes, the Walter Payton Man of the Year is the one that stands out above the rest to me because of what it represents.''' ,'''The thing about the Super Bowl is, once you got to the Super Bowl City, it was non-stop football, 24/7. You couldn't get away from it. You couldn't leave your hotel room and not get bombarded by fans. You couldn't go have a nice dinner and relax. Friends and family weren't there, so the normalcy of life changed.''' ,'''I think, a lot of guys, when they get, you know, those hits or those concussions, they think, 'OK, well, I'm just going to kind of play through it here for the short term, and it's going to get better.' I would venture to say probably 100 percent of the guys that played my sport in the NFL have been there.''' ,'''For so many years, I wished it could have been different. I wished I could have gotten the opportunity sooner. I would have loved to see what had happened had I got to the NFL right out of college and all of those different things.''' ,'''My story is more real life than most. Most Hall of Famers have great careers before they get inducted. I'm not supposed to be part of this conversation.''' ,'''I want people to know that you can chase your dreams no matter where you are in your life, and it can work out. I know. It happened to me.''' ,'''I don't think anyone has a bad perception of me. Just a limited one. Everyone thinks I pretty much sit around and talk about Jesus all the time. But I'm normal. I'm just a guy. Yeah, I love Jesus and do things a bit different, but I have the same conversations and share the same thoughts as anyone else.''' ,'''I was lucky enough to play in three Super Bowls and two Arena Bowls.''' ,'''There's a compelling reason why I belong in the Hall of Fame, but I understand the argument against me. My career didn't go like most, and I'm 100 percent fine with that because that's what resonates with people.''' ,'''It's not the way I threw the football - it's not particular games that I won - but that they remember that here's a guy that believed, that worked hard. Although things didn't always go in his favor, he continued to press through, and with his faith in himself and his faith in God, he was able to accomplish great things.''' ,'''I wanted my faith to look the same to everyone else and to be the same for me regardless of what was going on - whether I was on the Super Bowl podium holding the trophy or when I was being benched two years later and people saying that I would never play again.''' ,'''Anytime you mention Jesus or faith, people are turned off. I think it scares a lot of people.''' ,'''When people look back at my career, I want them to see a fierce competitor, but more importantly, I want to be remembered for my consistency of character and the legacy I hope to leave through my First Things First Foundation.''' ,'''One thing I know is if I have my best player, I'm not going to let another team take him out of the game so I can throw to somebody else. I'm going to find a way to get my best player involved so they can't take him away.''' ,'''I never doubted myself.''' ,'''One thing faith always did for me is it gave me perspective that, yeah, I was to maximize my gift and talents in the area of football, but it was always a means to glorify God and represent God.''' ,'''Joe Montana was a guy I enjoyed watching.''' ,'''Part of high cholesterol is that you can look at yourself in the mirror, and you can feel great and think there's no issues. But silently, they can be affecting your heart.''' ,'''I love first chances, but unfortunately, first chances don't always work out for everyone, and I'm a perfect example of that.''' ,'''I am humbled the Lord has given me such an amazing life to impact others.''' ,'''I didn't corner the market on great stories. I'm not the only one who can do something like work at a grocery store and then win a Super Bowl. Other people can do it. You hope people will see that and say, 'Hey, that will be me.' They're going to chase after it like I did. And they're going to be the next one.''' ,'''It did not matter whether it was preseason, regular season, my first playoff game, or the Super Bowl, I was nervous. And all that meant was that it always mattered to me. Anytime I was putting myself on a line, it didn't matter what it was, it was okay to be nervous because it was important to me. It was important to do my job well.''' ,'''I still feel a heavy responsibility for the people of Missouri because of the respect they have for me but also the things they've done for me.''' ,'''People are going to forget that I won a Super Bowl, but they're never going to forget the kind of impact you had on them personally.''' ,'''You can take off a football jersey, but you can never take off your faith. That goes with you everywhere.''' ,'''I'd love to be a consultant and help design an offense. That's my true passion, and I want to find an outlet where I can do that.''' ,'''I could see myself doing more color in the future - I love being able to analyze game by game and share the stories with the players.''' ,'''The road to our dreams has many detours.''' ,'''My wife had been a Christian since twelve years old.''' ,'''If you have a dream, never stop preparing for that.''' ,'''I think life is too sacred to ever take it in any circumstances, even for the cure of a disease or something like that.''' ,'''I think a lot of people miss out on opportunities, they miss out on achieving their dream, and they miss out on doing what they love to do because they're allowing something else, something outside of them and outside of God, to dictate what their life's going to look like.''' ,'''I would love to coach and teach people about football. It's just that the time constraints are so tough to coach, especially when you have seven kids and they are growing up. I'm just in too blessed of a situation to spend from five in the morning until 12 at night coaching and not watching my kids grow up.''' ,'''I've always said, if everything was equal, from money to retirement to endorsement opportunities - all that stuff - if everything was equal, I'd play Arena football over the NFL. It was built for quarterbacks. It was just backyard football.''' ,'''Any time you're comfortable or familiar with something, it's easier than something you're not familiar with.''' ,'''I felt like there were always people who said football should be over here and faith should be over there. But that drove me.''' ,'''That's what you kind of see with Matthew Stafford. He makes some incredible plays, even with his arm in different positions. But the consistency's not there that you need at the position to be one of the top quarterbacks in the league, and I think that's where cleaning up the technique will help.''' ,'''For me, as a pocket quarterback, there wasn't much adjustment as I got older.''' ,'''I think, a lot of times, where people see they're insufficient or lacking in certain areas, they feel they're being judged even when they're not. And they condemn themselves more than anyone else does.''' ,'''I'd love to be placed in a position to make a difference in regards to my faith, in regards to speaking for Jesus, whether that's some type of ministry platform, being in a big-time position where I could make a difference.''' ,'''The reality is you don't have to be the No. 1 pick to make it big anymore.''' ,'''When I'm talking about one of the things that define my career and what is most special to me, stats, they are what they are. The bottom line is you want to impact the place you go and the people you're around, and I hope I've done that in my football career, both on and off the field.''' ,'''If so and so would have given me the right opportunity, or if this person would have encouraged me - I could have made a million excuses on why I wasn't playing in the NFL. You have no more excuses... what do you do from now until your opportunity presents itself? It's all up to you.''' ,'''You have to live life for today and for this moment.''' ,'''My game is more a game of thinking than anything else.''' ,'''The farther we go down a negative path, which we see every day, the more we yearn for the positive.''' ,'''If you love something, if you're passionate about it, that's where you're going to have the greatest impact on the people around you: by living in those passions and sharing that passion with other people and sharing your gifts and what God created you to be.''' ,]
+++