+++
author = "Hallgrimur Helgason"
title = '''My three years in Manhattan were sort of my university years. I was learning by myself, and it was a tough time. That's when I began writing articles for newspapers back home about life in New York. This interest took over, and I moved from painting to writing.'''
description = '''the best Hallgrimur Helgason Quote: My three years in Manhattan were sort of my university years. I was learning by myself, and it was a tough time. That's when I began writing articles for newspapers back home about life in New York. This interest took over, and I moved from painting to writing.'''
slug = '''my-three-years-in-manhattan-were-sort-of-my-university-years-i-was-learning-by-myself-and-it-was-a-tough-time-thats-when-i-began-writing-articles-for-newspapers-back-home-about-life-in-new-york-this-interest-took-over-and-i-moved-from-painting-to-writing'''
keywords = '''My three years in Manhattan were sort of my university years. I was learning by myself, and it was a tough time. That's when I began writing articles for newspapers back home about life in New York. This interest took over, and I moved from painting to writing.,hallgrimur helgason,hallgrimur helgason quotes,hallgrimur helgason quote,hallgrimur helgason sayings,hallgrimur helgason saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation'''
+++
My three years in Manhattan were sort of my university years. I was learning by myself, and it was a tough time. That's when I began writing articles for newspapers back home about life in New York. This interest took over, and I moved from painting to writing.
