+++
author = "Chris Weidman"
title = "Chris Weidman Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Chris Weidman Quotes"
keywords = "chris weidman,chris weidman quotes,chris weidman quote,chris weidman sayings,chris weidman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Rankings don't mean much to me but I'm working towards being the pound-for-pound best in everyone's mind.''' ,'''When I speak and say I am the best in the world and have the capability to dominate everybody in my weight class, I really believe that.''' ,'''A lot of these players, if you listen to the Islanders or the Rangers, they get interviewed in the locker room right after the game, it's very structured answers. They're very protected.''' ,'''To become a world champion, to defeat Anderson Silva, to accomplish my goal in one night, it was a super surreal feeling.''' ,'''To walk around and people ask me who the champion is in my weight class and I have to say Michael Bisping, it's a little embarrassing, but that's just the way it goes.''' ,'''I think there's times where I'm introverted, and there's times where I'm extroverted.''' ,'''When I started and first got to the MMA gym the guys would start and say, 'You're like the All-American kid.' It was because, I don't know, I go to church every Sunday, I got married young and I've always been an All-American in college having gone All-American all four years.''' ,'''I grew up getting bullied and fighting a lot.''' ,'''Getting hit is part of the job. You don't want the first time you're getting punched to be in the fight because there's a lot of shock and awe and you won't react well. I like to get hit in sparring. I don't want to get concussed, or I don't want to be getting knocked out, but I want some shock treatment to prepare me for the fight.''' ,'''I know I'm the best in the world.''' ,'''I took my first fight in the UFC on short notice. I took my first big fight against a top-five guy on ten days notice.''' ,'''When I'm getting ready for a fight - when I'm in that locker room or I'm making that walk and I finally get to the Octagon - it's all spiritual.''' ,'''That's why everybody loves to tune in and watch these fights, because at any given moment, any given fight, any given fighters, anything can happen. A fighter could win nine out of 10 times, but there's always that one time.''' ,'''I've wrestled my whole life.''' ,'''A lot of my career I'm out of the gym, I'm injured and I'm blown up.''' ,'''We bought a dog, and we financed it - a $1,400 dog. We had no money, so me and my wife had to put our names together with our credit just to finance a dog.''' ,'''I think any type of setback you have, any tough time you've got, getting through it is what makes you who you are. It makes you a tougher person. I think whatever you've been through in your life makes you a tougher person. I'm very grateful for the background I have, every tough situation I've been through because it's made me who I am.''' ,'''Keeping my focus on what's important - inside the Octagon and out - is never lost on me.''' ,'''Money, autographs, I had no desire to even do that. I fell in love with fighting and those types of things became attached to it.''' ,'''Everybody has a sinful nature pulling them at every turn.''' ,'''Every single time I defended the belt, it was against the best guy in the world.''' ,'''You want to help people and make the world a better place in whatever way you can. I've tried to share the things I've learned, and for me it really is all about being a role model.''' ,'''I didn't think I was much of a public speaker.''' ,'''When I was at 205, it was kind of weird eating whatever I want and not getting trimmed and not really being disciplined with my diet. It was kind of weird.''' ,'''I want a rematch with Mousasi more than anything.''' ,'''My training varies so much. There's no such thing as a typical day.''' ,'''When I'm spiritually in the right place, there's no stopping me.''' ,'''Winning the middleweight title was an amazing feeling.''' ,'''I've never had anything. I just wanted to one day live comfortable. Like, be able to go out to lunch with my friends without being like, crap, I don't know if I can afford this bill right now. I shouldn't be doing this. That's all I really wanted.''' ,'''I feel like smaller countries, other countries, they cheer, they support their people no matter what. We need to get a little bit more supportive of our people.''' ,'''People gotta realize as a fighter you want to become a champion because you get paid way more money. So the belt is very intriguing for that reason.''' ,'''You don't wanna peak too early in training camp, but you don't wanna be out of shape or not to the point where you're able to peak. It's a science to be able to find the happy medium where your body and mind are at their best.''' ,'''I'll never underestimate 'GSP.'''' ,'''I want to beat people who people think I can't beat.''' ,'''I've beaten Anderson twice, then Lyoto Machida and now Belfort. I'll be proud to have taken down three all-time legends in a row.''' ,'''If you get into the habit of cutting corners, they start to add up.''' ,'''I hit adversity when I was at the top of the world. Most people hit adversity when they're just at the beginning, when they're just getting started. I hit it when everybody was watching, and everybody had comments and everybody was doubting me. It was a tough situation to be in.''' ,'''I remember watching Anderson Silva fight Dan Henderson at UFC 82. I had never really watched MMA, but I looked up to Dan Henderson. He was a wrestler, like me, but also a tough, powerful mixed martial artist.''' ,'''I really like Cain Velasquez. I like his pace that he puts on; he is mentally and physically breaking everybody he goes with. He's just tenacious and relentless. I like Anderson Silva, too. I like his style. He's very relaxed.''' ,'''When you get hurt it's hard to judge when it's the right time to pull out of a fight.''' ,'''Boxing, Jiu Jitsu, some good old-fashioned wrestling and plenty of cardio. You name it, it's part of my routine.''' ,'''It's an entertainment sport, and we go out to entertain the fans, but at the end of the day, what really matters is your influence on others.''' ,'''I grew up in a decently tough neighborhood.''' ,'''There's always going to be people talking so you just have to focus everyday and be the best fighter you can be in the Octagon on the day of the fight.''' ,'''I want to fight the best possible people.''' ,'''I have a Gracie background and a Matt Serra background so I've always used jiu-jitsu but it takes a while to reach black belt level.''' ,'''I wanna get myself in such good shape that no matter how much I push myself in a fight, I know that the other guy is gonna be a little bit more tired.''' ,'''It's a very tough sport. It's a fickle sport. The fans are definitely tough. But it's also kind of motivating.''' ,'''There's times where you get the loud, crazy comments from me, and there's times where I say basic things, and stay quiet because I don't want to cause any drama. Sometimes I'm in the mood where I'm just going to tell it how it is, and have fun. And whoever doesn't like it, OK.''' ,'''I put a lot of pressure on myself to be the best.''' ,'''We have a lot of great stars and so many different things, some of the other countries don't have that. So when they get somebody, they support them to the death. America, I kind of think we take it for granted sometimes.''' ,'''I grew up taking the Long Island Railroad from Baldwin, New York into Penn Station and walking upstairs to Madison Square Garden. Those are some of my favorite memories.''' ,'''Training is my life. It's all I've known since I was in second grade, when I started wrestling.''' ,'''I was living out on Long Island in Baldwin, New York when Hurricane Sandy hit. With the storm surge, the whole first floor of our house was under about three feet of water. We lost a lot of valuable stuff - sentimental stuff like pictures and Christmas ornaments. Nobody expected flooding that bad.''' ,'''The first thing I do when I book a fight is I go to the Internet and I print out a picture of the guy and put it on my refrigerator.''' ,'''I've kind of grew to enjoy fighting legends that I got into the sport watching and admiring.''' ,'''My ultimate goal was always that I want to be known as one of the greatest of all time. The first step was obviously to be UFC champion.''' ,'''When I've trained as hard as I possibly can through training camp and I come to the end, where my body is worn out and I'm tired, I know I'm ready to peak.''' ,'''I'll never be outworked.''' ,'''People forget, I was 9-0, I was fighting Anderson Silva. I was fighting the best guys this sport has ever seen, one after the other, with no experience.''' ,'''The thing about mixed martial arts is you have to know every single martial art in the world or you're at a disadvantage. So, there's so much to learn. I have to know wrestling. I have to know kick boxing. I have to know boxing. I have to know karate.''' ,'''When you're so physically and emotionally invested in something - like you have to be in MMA - there's nothing like having your friends and family there to support you on fight night.''' ,'''I think wrestling is the one of the greatest sports there are.''' ,'''Look at the guys I've fought. Anderson Silva. Lyoto Machida. Vitor Belfort. All those guys are much quicker than Luke Rockhold and I did just fine.''' ,'''Being the guy that ended the run of the greatest fighter ever will always be attached to my name.''' ,'''I feel like anyone at middleweight, when I have a full training camp, I'm going to go out there and finish them. That's my mentality.''' ,'''There's only so much you can control when you're fighting, so the things you can control - like your fight song - are pretty important. So you want to pick that wisely.''' ,'''You don't want to fix things that aren't broken, so that kind of stops you from make changes.''' ,'''For me, preparation is all about the physical, the mental and most importantly, the spiritual. If I'm not spiritually in the right place, I'm a mess.''' ,'''Any time you're banged up, your body hurts, you don't really feel like going to the gym. That's when I feel like you really have to push through it. That's when you really make the leaps and bounds in your game. So, pushing through those days is never easy, but that's what gets you good.''' ,'''Wrestling background, you never talk trash.''' ,'''I want to have the biggest challenges in front of me and conquer them. That's why I wanted to fight Anderson Silva when nobody else wanted to fight him.''' ,'''There's bad apples in every type of job, whether it's sports or normal day-to-day jobs.''' ,'''I think the best guys in the world should fight.''' ,'''My brother was probably one of the toughest kids from my neighborhood and he didn't make it easy on me. He made sure I was getting beat up as much as possible growing up. If he wasn't beating me up, he was making his friends beat me up.''' ,'''My 'if it's not broken, don't fix it' type attitude might have held me back and made me complacent.''' ,'''I never even imagined having my own shoe.''' ,'''I've fought all these top Brazilians. They're all supporting their people, Anderson Silva, they're supporting him. Lyoto Machida, they're all supporting him. I didn't have the full support of America. Not everyone American was rooting for me because I'm from America. If they were rooting for me, it's because they were a fan of me.''' ,'''From the very beginning, every time I trained for a fight, I didn't train to beat the guy I was fighting. I trained to beat Anderson Silva.''' ,'''As I got older, I lived right next next to the Long Island Railroad, so in junior high and high school I'd just jump on the train with friends and head to the city. We'd run away from the conductors, hide from them in the bathroom. It was just what you did.''' ,'''For me to be able fight in my home state of New York would be a dream come true.''' ,'''I struggle just like everybody else struggles. It's always a struggle in life to overcome temptation. I just try and get through it. No one is perfect.''' ,'''I've been blessed enough to live some of my dreams.''' ,'''To win the belt from Bisping, the hardest problem for me would be to train hard for him because he stinks. I'm just kidding, he's really good... No, I'm lying.''' ,'''I've been through so much damn adversity, I've had so much critiqued on me. From being the undefeated world champion to never really getting the love or the respect I feel I deserved when I was on top and then finally getting knocked down and then everybody jumping on top, trying to kick me while I was down.''' ,'''I'm open-minded and never think I know everything. I actually feel like I know nothing, and that allows me to learn on a different level.''' ,'''I wanted to be champion. I know fame comes with that.''' ,'''It's been a dream of mine to fight at MSG.''' ,'''I love competing.''' ,'''It's just an honor to be part of an apparel brand like Reebok.''' ,'''I try to have the same mindset in my practices as I would for my fights.''' ,'''I grew up in a rough neighborhood, so I fought a lot. Even when I was wrestling, if I lost a match, I always thought, That guy would never beat me in a fight.''' ,'''You're always trying to feel confident and to feel good about yourself, but what it comes down to is really giving up to someone else. Having faith.''' ,'''I watch something in the gym, try to do it and may not get it. When I go home that night and my wife is talking to me and I'm not answering her, it is because I'm visualizing that thing I'm working on. I'll do that all day long. Before I go to bed I'm still thinking about it, and that happens until I can see myself doing it.''' ,'''I put a lot of pressure on myself.''' ,'''I'm going to win the belt at middleweight and I'm going to go up to 205 and win the belt there after I dominate the middleweight division for a little bit - that will happen.''' ,'''I love 'Jacare.' I'm a fan of 'Jacare.'''' ,'''I like to compete. So, any time I get to go live - which means go all out - that's what I like to do.''' ,'''Coming off all my wins I had a lot of criticism.''' ,'''I expect the worst of every situation, so if it does happen I'm prepared for it.''' ,]
+++