+++
author = "Masego"
title = "Masego Quotes"
quotes_len = "68"
description = "the best 68 Masego Quotes"
keywords = "masego,masego quotes,masego quote,masego sayings,masego saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel like anything with my music can be traced back to a woman.''' ,'''Every time I have a conversation with a woman, I gleam something from it.''' ,''''Melanin Man' was inspired by the words of an Uber driver in L.A. Before I got out of the car he said, 'They're scared of you young man. You're a king and they all know it. They want your culture, your soulful element and your style. You're Melanin Man, a super hero. Be safe out here.' Then I got out the car and took that all in.''' ,'''I'm on the Internet heavy. I'm on YouTube like it's nobody's business. That's where I discovered a cat like Reggie Watts. By learning that music, I became the black sheep in the group, like 'Here comes Masego with all that weird music.'''' ,'''Gospel influences your soul. If you've had church in your background... it's just a part of your musical DNA.''' ,'''I travel more than anybody I know.''' ,'''Everything that I'm doing, it's like a future jazz, future trap house movement.''' ,'''With 'Pink Polo,' I wanted something I could listen to when I was doing different activities during the summer and also bring a message in it.''' ,'''My mother had this huge binder of CDs from everyone she loved, like progressive gospel artists. You know, she loved like how Yolanda Adams was kind of R&B, but it was, like, still gospel.''' ,'''I'm a textbook Gemini. I just need variety and I'm random.''' ,'''I remember I was a freshman in high school the first time I heard OutKast.''' ,'''Something I do naturally is I just involve women in my professional work. I hire them, I pay them, I put them in the workplace I'm involved in.''' ,'''I started playing sax when I was fourteen because I'm like a real competitive person when it comes to winning girls attention. And there was this girl that I really wanted the attention of and I found out she really liked jazz.''' ,'''You're allowed to be a little bit weird and still get massive attention. The fact that a Solange can work or a Daniel Caesar can work or even how far Kendrick Lamar has gotten. People are getting more comfortable.''' ,'''I've always loved fashion, but when you're broke, you're wearing whatever your dad gave you.''' ,'''I like how hip-hop is just shocking and fun.''' ,'''I like to dress well, I like to look good, I like to smell good.''' ,'''To be able to be at the level that I perform onstage, I have to embody everything I've made my music about. Which is me.''' ,'''I was joked by a lot of older musicians because I was playing saxophone over trap beats or future bounce beats, and it just wasn't what you do. They were just like play some John Coltrane and get in the corner. But that's just not how I work.''' ,'''I feel like it's my responsibility to contribute to a good vibe in the world and to do what I can, when I can.''' ,'''I learn things myself. I call it YouTube University; YouTube has taught me more than anything. I learned how to tie a tie, all my pick-up lines come from YouTube reruns of 'Fresh Prince.'''' ,'''With 'Lady Lady' I wanted to tell a story bluntly, and that's what happened. The goal is to get Erykah Badu-ish with it because she super bares her soul and she's so blunt.''' ,'''I smile too much to be in a gang. I don't got that 'hit somebody' vibe.''' ,'''There's not a lot of thinking in my music. I freestyle a lot of things and organize it later, and then it becomes a song.''' ,'''Seeing Ed Sheeran make a beat from scratch when I was in college changed my life.''' ,'''My father's from Jamaica.''' ,'''I'm an athlete. I play basketball and football and all that with a bunch of other men, but that doesn't impact me emotionally.''' ,'''I don't want to Kanye it, but I listen to myself a lot.''' ,'''You can't really choose what influences you. You can't choose what sparks something inside you.''' ,''''Black Love' made my mama cry, so this is one of those song songs. When I hear it, it makes my heart do some things.''' ,'''I'm used to not staying anywhere for too long. I've always had it in my DNA to go to different places.''' ,'''Full circle: 2014 I go from playing on the street to getting invited to play on stage, now 2016 I'm headlining.''' ,'''From a shallow standpoint, I like nice things.''' ,'''I'm going to be the first person to do every creative idea he's ever had in his head.''' ,'''Virginia is a place that's so boring, you find friends and do cool things.''' ,'''I don't want to create music or do a partnership because of the money. I don't want to be money-influenced.''' ,'''I don't watch the news too much, and I don't look too deep into bad news about artists.''' ,'''If you're really chosen for music, it just comes to you and you just let it pass through. That's how I create.''' ,'''I just do very old man, adult things.''' ,'''I remember my first trip to Toronto. There was this street musician playing an instrument I've never seen before - like, he had a hang drum on the left side and this random bagpipe, bodhran stick type of thing. It was the craziest thing ever! So I sampled it for a beat.''' ,'''I do old man things by default, just stay in the hotel room, eat oatmeal, and drink tea.''' ,'''I have two sisters, so there was no brother to beat up on. As a result, I've never hidden from emotions.''' ,'''I'm black so I've been getting eyed by cops my whole life.''' ,'''Jazzy Jeff is somebody who taught me what I really wanted to do for other people. He has the big ol' house where musicians can come there, stay for a while, create music, eat, reset.''' ,'''There's something special about the influence a woman has on me.''' ,'''Everyone communicates with music in a different way. With some people, if there's not sheet music, they're not playing it.''' ,'''Anyone I have musical chemistry with, I recruit, and we do shows and create drum kits together and make tunes for the SoundCloud.''' ,'''In college, this cheerleader put me on to this artist called Kimbra, and that was huge to me because that's the first time I saw somebody looping. She sampled her voice and made a song with that, and that just blew my mind.''' ,'''I hate politicking. I'm not the type of dude to like get around 13 guys and talk about who's next. I can't stand that. I like to take action.''' ,'''Women who care about your health is such a cool thing. Your homies won't remind you to not eat gluten.''' ,'''I started on the drums when I was eight.''' ,'''I was about to leave L.A. because I didn't find enough soul in the musicians. Back in Virginia, it was just leaking soul everywhere.''' ,'''When things line up, the music just flows.''' ,'''I'm Jamaican, so I come from a very whip with two belts background - being sensitive isn't really part of my culture.''' ,'''When I was about 15 years old, I used to have a lot of jam sessions at my house. And all the kids would kind of come over, and I would kind of deejay some music that I discovered that month.''' ,'''It's really easy to hide in metaphor or hide in a solo or instrumentation, but when you're saying explicitly this is how I feel it's a bit different - it makes you a more vulnerable person.''' ,'''I've always been attracted to something that's a little bit left - Korean R&B, South African hip-hop. I'm really curious about my homies back in Jamaica, what are they listening to? I'm always searching.''' ,'''Most of my music is reflective, imaginative. A lot of it is about how I'm going to feel in the future.''' ,'''I didn't get to have a girlfriend, bring her over to the house. I'm a lot slower understanding some of those things, but I never see it as a disadvantage.''' ,'''I think for the culture I gotta collaborate with Pharrell. He's from my area, that'd be amazing - what he would pull out of creatively.''' ,'''I thought I was cool until I left the country. I went to Tokyo, and I was like, man, why am I wearing these jorts?''' ,'''The West Coast really allows you to understand who you are. You come across so many talented people you have to look back at yourself and see what makes you unique.''' ,'''I like to produce music and put it out and hopefully it can help people through whatever crisis they have.''' ,'''The moment you're not worried about adult problems and you get to just make music, then I've made it to some extent.''' ,'''I listened to gospel music because that was just our culture, you know? My parents are pastors.''' ,'''I love nature and botanical gardens.''' ,'''I write about love so I can keep focused on the true goal: to be with my lady, lady and travel with her and have my li'l family unit.''' ,'''When I don't know all the rules, I just break them all. And it becomes like a higher level of music because of that.''' ,]
+++