+++
author = "Lele Pons"
title = "Lele Pons Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Lele Pons Quotes"
keywords = "lele pons,lele pons quotes,lele pons quote,lele pons sayings,lele pons saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Don't try to stand out that much for prom. Be yourself.''' ,'''Engagement is the most important thing about Instagram, and you can lose it if you miss a day.''' ,'''Most of the time, I am wearing sweatpants and sweatshirts.''' ,'''People tell me all the time when they meet me, in comedy, they say 'You have that type like Sofia Vergara; you can be like her.' She's beautiful, but she can be ugly, too; she can make ugly faces. She doesn't care. She's very outgoing.''' ,'''I've always felt connected to music. There was always music playing at home, and I'd just dance and sing.''' ,'''The inspiration for my Vines comes from thinking about funny and relatable experiences from my daily life.''' ,'''The message that you're portraying, that's what drives the type of people that follow you.''' ,'''Ariana Grande was on a TV show, and then she started her career singing. If I'm offered a TV show, I'm going to pursue that and then see if I can push my singing. And then if I push my singing, awesome. My biggest goal, though? Be an actress in movies. I would love to have a career like Meryl Streep's someday.''' ,'''The best advice for anyone trying to grow on social media is to be real and to be consistent. People will connect more with you if you stay true to yourself and who you are.''' ,'''For high school, everything is about what you wear, how you come to school, and in high school, a lot of people judge you. So fashion is something that can save you - at least, it saved me.''' ,'''I spend 6 hours filming a Vine.''' ,'''Camila Cabello did an amazing job with 'Havana.' It's Spanish, but it's English.''' ,'''I am someone that is very hard to handle. I'm very picante, intense... Sometimes I'm very outgoing and spontaneous and super hyper. Latinas, we love to touch each other - like, cuddle. That's why a lot of people are intimidated.''' ,'''It is important to know where you come from.''' ,'''The more followers you have, the more you can promote your movie. You know? It's all, like, a business thing.''' ,'''I started making skits, and I started, like, getting more followers, and, like, my friends told their friends, like, 'Oh, she actually be funny.'''' ,'''To be a successful Viner, you have to find your own style and be consistent. That will help you stand out from the rest.''' ,'''When you think of a Vine video, it's like thinking about an experience you've had, which people can relate to.''' ,'''Dedicate a lot of your time creating Vines and try to post daily.''' ,'''People threw food at me and sang songs about how ugly I was.''' ,'''Some people kind of are afraid of me.''' ,'''It's okay to make mistakes as long as you learn from them.''' ,'''I am very proud to be a Latina, because that's also something that makes me very unique.''' ,'''I love Shakira!''' ,'''I went to high school, and I started getting bullied because I was very weird. I mean, freshman year I went to school in a pirate suit - I just didn't care. I'm not like the cool girls - I'm the other girl. The one that's basically a nerd, but proud of that.''' ,'''I sang opera for over four years when I was younger.''' ,'''As long as I'm always myself, my looks don't matter.''' ,'''I was very shy and socially awkward.''' ,'''I measure success depending on the brands that come to you, the opportunities that you get, also the feedback that you get from people.''' ,'''I think everyone likes to play dress up from time to time.''' ,'''A large demo of my fans are younger, and I try to be the best role model possible and tell them that if you work hard and believe in yourself, you can create amazing work.''' ,'''Music is everywhere, and it's an amazing and creative way for people to express themselves, so I love it.''' ,'''I was always the last one on Facebook, Instagram - everything.''' ,'''We don't curse at Shots Studios, and we send a very positive message.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a singer. I was going to finish school and go to Berkley, and then Vine came out, and I felt like I could finally show people my talent. I can even sing in the Vines. It's honestly changed my life. I don't know where I would be right now without it.''' ,]
+++