+++
author = "Eiza Gonzalez"
title = "Eiza Gonzalez Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Eiza Gonzalez Quotes"
keywords = "eiza gonzalez,eiza gonzalez quotes,eiza gonzalez quote,eiza gonzalez sayings,eiza gonzalez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel I have a great responsibility to be an active Latina. I've been rallying for DACA, and in the summer, I'll be rallying again so that people are aware that if certain senators are elected they can help impeach Donald Trump.''' ,'''Any neuroscience book is the death of me. I'm currently obsessed with 'The Moral Landscape' from Sam Harris. He's a controversial writer addressing science and religion while talking about the deep undertaking of your brain.''' ,'''I love being Latina. I love our values, the way we're so in touch with others, our dark humor, how fun we are, how relaxed we are. I love how hard working, independent, and ambitious we are.''' ,'''I always say that what's between you and your success is yourself.''' ,'''I studied in American school, so yes, I grew up speaking English and Spanish. Obviously, Spanish is my first language.''' ,'''I want Latinos to be seen as the hard-working people that we are. We'll take the hardest jobs that no one wants to take, and we'll do them with dignity.''' ,'''I lost my father very young, but not young enough to not be aware of what was going on. My father and I had an amazing relationship. We were very close.''' ,'''My last audition for 'Baby Driver,' I had to meet with Jon Hamm and go through the scenes. I was a bit nervous: 'What if Jon Hamm dislikes me? This is the end.' I also watched 'Mad Men' religiously, so that didn't help with my nerves.''' ,'''I love written books and novels, but I really love graphic novels and comic books!''' ,'''I get a blood test every six months to narrow down what could be causing fatigue, exhaustion, dark thoughts, and obviously, eventually, how to be in my top shape. Blood doesn't lie. From vitamins that I'm lacking to natural foods, it's an educated guide to connect my physical internal and external look.''' ,'''My mom was very much alpha. I admired her because she was the working mom on the go. She's such a boss. She's an OG, as they say.''' ,'''Never suntan! Ten minutes in the sun on a daily basis is good to get vitamin D, but sun tanning is terrible for your skin. It dehydrates your skin, creates sunspots, and can give you skin cancer.''' ,'''I use a lot of sunblock, which is something I learned from my mother at a young age - to stay out of the sun and be careful of skin cancer. We live in a time where global warming is at its maximum level. The ozone is destroyed, and our skin is exposed to sunbeams on a daily basis.''' ,'''I can have an accent and not have an accent, so it's really cool. I can play with it. I can be very Sofia Vergara, too, so it's really cool.''' ,'''I'm happy and I'm focused on my work... it's incredible to be able to work with 20th Century Fox and to keep opening doors for Mexicans and Latins in the United States.''' ,'''I like to tell little girls that not every day is going to be your best day and that you won't look pretty every day either and that that's OK. But it is important to take care of yourself.''' ,'''I'm a perfectionist, which is bad at times but very good at other times.''' ,'''It blows my mind - whenever you're stuck in one place, you think this is how the world is, and then you walk out and see there's so many layers to everything.''' ,'''When I was a girl, there wasn't anything in Spanish in the movies until you saw it on DVD.''' ,'''I'm born and raised in Mexico. I only spent eight months in the States, but definitely English is a really big part of my life, and I love it. Thank God my mom put me in American school because I'm able to be working in the States, and it opens a lot more doors being half and not being only one. It's cool because I get to turn it on and off.''' ,'''I speak Italian and a little bit of French. I moved to Trento, Italy, when I was around 10 to learn Italian. I have family there. I'm trying to restart my French. And then I want to get into Mandarin.''' ,'''This sounds crazy, but I was born in the fashion industry. So, I probably wore heels by the age of two. When I was two, I would steal my mom's heels.''' ,'''It's really hard to have your voice heard in a man's world. People are always comparing women and bringing them down - that, I'm completely against. We have an obligation as women to not pit ourselves against each other, because men are going to do it for us.''' ,'''When my father passed away, my mom didn't really know what to do and how to deal with it for me, so she put me in extracurricular classes, one of them being theater.''' ,'''I'm an actress that's game for anything. I would love to do a movie like 'Winter's Bone.'''' ,'''When my father passed away, I learned to be unattached to physical things. At a very young age, I was able to roam the world and be emotionally connected but physically disconnected. I'll get homesick in that I miss my mom. My grounding rock is her and my family.''' ,'''Rock climbing and surfing are two of my favorite things in life.''' ,]
+++