+++
author = "Heather Watson"
title = "Heather Watson Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Heather Watson Quotes"
keywords = "heather watson,heather watson quotes,heather watson quote,heather watson sayings,heather watson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Even with not having that many matches under my belt, I handled the match against Svitolina well. When I was younger, not having that many matches under my belt, I might not have done that.''' ,'''I did everything - swimming, dancing, and badminton as well as tennis. It was always tennis that I really loved, though.''' ,'''Everybody believes they can win now. That's why there are so many upsets in the Grand Slams.''' ,'''Winning titles is a big thing for me.''' ,'''There's always going to be people saying stuff.''' ,'''You don't just have to be skilled and talented at tennis, but you have to be so physically strong.''' ,'''For me, Wimbledon is such a special tournament. I feel at home when I play there, and the grass is perfect.''' ,'''If you don't feel hunger, you don't succeed at anything.''' ,'''I'm working on staying aggressive in my game and fixing all the little details.''' ,'''I've learnt I can compete with the best in the world.''' ,'''I know lots of people who climb very high in the rankings without winning a single title.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it's just a tennis match. It's not the end of the world.''' ,'''I think I'm realising that careers for tennis players are very short. On the women's side now, players are starting to peak later on, but the average age is about 31, 32 when you finish playing, so I want to make the most of it while I'm young, fit, and healthy. I don't want to waste any time.''' ,'''I'm trying to be a complete player and have every shot in the game.''' ,'''I've learned that I can compete at the top level.''' ,'''I just need to improve.''' ,'''That winning feeling, it's great.''' ,'''Every draw's a tough draw.''' ,'''People ranked No. 80 or No. 90 in the world are tough to play.''' ,'''In the men's game, there are three, four, five dominant players who pretty much win everything, but in the women's, anyone can.''' ,'''With tennis, no one's going to give it to you. You have to be determined.''' ,'''Wins and losses just blur into one as you move around the world playing matches.''' ,]
+++