+++
author = "Richard Hell"
title = "Richard Hell Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Richard Hell Quotes"
keywords = "richard hell,richard hell quotes,richard hell quote,richard hell sayings,richard hell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A memoir takes some particular threads, some incidents, some experience from a person's life and gives an account of it.''' ,'''It's really interesting with art-movies too, but art especially - to see how your attitude toward artists and works and your level of appreciation of them is always shifting and changing over the years.''' ,'''Poetry's always dead, you know? You don't realize how good poetry is until 15 years later.''' ,'''I love a good play, but they're too hard to find.''' ,'''I'm usually alone or asleep, at home.''' ,'''It used to be that artists thought of nature as their environment. Now media is our environment. It has been for the past 50, 70 years. It's what you see on TV, on the computer, what is in the magazines and newspapers.''' ,'''When you're young, you don't especially think of yourself as being young. You're just alive and everything's interesting and you don't think of things in terms of age because you're not conscious of it.''' ,'''I felt just overwhelmed by input: the Vietnam war and the collapse of the '60s and the proliferation of media' it just felt like everything was too much to handle and you just tuned out.''' ,'''Well, I thought the Sex Pistols were the cream of the crop. They came in and topped everybody, for sure. They took all the existing strands and made a perfect package out of them.''' ,'''An autobiography is a life story. It starts when you're born and continues until the end.''' ,]
+++