+++
author = "Robert Forster"
title = "Robert Forster Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Robert Forster Quotes"
keywords = "robert forster,robert forster quotes,robert forster quote,robert forster sayings,robert forster saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I decided I would open this little actors' workshop I always told actors to look for. That gave me something to do on Wednesday nights, and after about a year of that, I realized that some of the things I was saying to actors probably had broader application. I ran into a magazine called 'Speakers For Free.'''' ,'''If you're willing to do it as good as you're willing to think up to do it, that's what your mind is there for, and you deliver excellence right now, now being the only moment you can control or do anything with or be creative with.''' ,'''You've got to internalize the character. You've got to learn the words. These are separate things, but they work together.''' ,'''I never have that 'we were robbed' feeling when looking around now at where some of our contemporaries are.''' ,'''Every shot is unique, even if it's just a close-up, an insert of your hand. You've got to work with the guy behind the lens to get it right, focus in. Those are critical little nothing things, but you've got to work with the people who are trying to put it down, in order to get it.''' ,'''I do try to be resentful, I really do, but I just can't bring myself to do it.''' ,'''It's what you do every time. You isolate what you know, and you create a mental image of what you're doing. Every time you speak you don't have to think about it. Words come out of your mouth based on what you know. That's the same job every time.''' ,'''The job is trying to create movie shots that have depth, that have the meanings you need them to have, and then good enough so that they will add something to the final picture. They will make the picture; they'll get into the picture, and give them what they need. It's an interesting job.''' ,'''First time I ever played a bad guy. I didn't want to do it. I got stuck in bad guys for 13 years after that.''' ,'''You can win it in the late innings if you never quit.''' ,'''I liked Jim Carrey from the very beginning.''' ,'''I had four children, we all had to struggle to get up and get educated, and they all did their part, and we all did the best we could, and that's what a family and a parent is supposed to do.''' ,'''Well, normally we don't think all that hard about titles.''' ,'''Mmm, well that whole thing about having to look tough has never left Australia.''' ,'''If you're holding onto negative stuff from before, you cannot deliver excellence.''' ,'''Well, you know what? The actor still gets up in the morning, if he's still got something to work with, you go out there and you do it. Never quit!''' ,'''If you deliver excellence right now, that gives you the best shot at the best future you've got coming.''' ,]
+++