+++
author = "Stan Lee"
title = "Stan Lee Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Stan Lee Quotes"
keywords = "stan lee,stan lee quotes,stan lee quote,stan lee sayings,stan lee saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always sympathized with the people who did work for hire; I was one of them.''' ,'''America is made of different races and different religions, but we're all co-travelers on the spaceship Earth and must respect and help each other along the way.''' ,'''Every kid wants to be an actor. When I was a kid, I thought, 'Oh, it'd be great to be like Errol Flynn. I want to be an actor.'''' ,'''Marvel Studios has depicted the Marvel superheroes so beautifully that the whole world loves them.''' ,'''I've been the luckiest man in the world because I've had friends, and to have the right friends is everything: people you can depend on, people who tell you the truth if you ask something.''' ,'''I wouldn't mind, if Peter Parker had originally been black, a Latino, an Indian, or anything else, that he stay that way. But we originally made him white. I don't see any reason to change that.''' ,'''I love Marvel and the people there. I'm glad I'm still part of it.''' ,'''I think I've never stopped feeling like a kid.''' ,'''I was stupid in a business way. I should have been greedier.''' ,'''I like being with people. I like talking to them. I like everything about my life, so it's fun.''' ,'''The experience of reading a printed comic book will never change, but now, thanks to the digital age, there are many different ways to enjoy the same story. Digital comic books, of course, can be interactive in many different ways, allowing the reader to feel like a participant in the story.''' ,'''I always wrote for myself. I figured I'm not that different from other people. If there's a story I like a lot, there's got to be others with similar tastes.''' ,'''All of the characters at Marvel were my ideas, but the ideas meant nothing unless I had somebody who could illustrate it.''' ,'''I have always included minority characters in my stories, often as heroes.''' ,'''When I was a kid, Disney was one of my gods. I just loved movies like 'Snow White' and 'Pinocchio.'''' ,'''I always felt the 'X-Men,' in a subtle way, often touched upon the subject of racism and inequality, and I believe that subject has come up in other titles, too. But we would never pound hard on the subject, which must be handled with care and intelligence.''' ,'''Because I've spent most of my life with such a beautiful, talented, challenging female, I feel I've gained - and am still gaining - a great deal of knowledge about the feminine mystique and about personal relationships - knowledge which is so important to a writer.''' ,'''Sooner or later, if man is ever to be worthy of his destiny, we must fill our hearts with tolerance.''' ,'''I don't sound disloyal, but I've never had a pair of Marvel pyjamas or underwear. I do have a lot of Marvel figurines at home in a cabinet. Every time they make a new Marvel figure I put it in my cabinet.''' ,'''For years, kids have been asking me what's the greatest superpower. I always say luck. If you're lucky, everything works. I've been lucky.''' ,'''I have never had a lap dance in Tampa or any other part of Florida. If I ever did have a lap dance, I don't think I would be discussing television ideas with the girl that was giving it to me.''' ,'''When I was a kid, my favorite superhero was Robin Hood.''' ,'''We live in a diverse society - in fact, a diverse world - and we must learn to live in peace and with respect for each other.''' ,'''My mother was the greatest mother in the world. She thought I was the greatest thing on two feet. I'd come home with a little composition I had written at school, and she'd look at it and say, 'It's wonderful! You're another Shakespeare!' I always assumed I could do anything. It really is amazing how much that has to do with your attitude.''' ,'''I grew up in New York City during the Depression. My earliest recollections were of my parents talking about what they would do if they didn't have the rent money. Luckily, we were never evicted. But my father was unemployed most of the time.''' ,'''I think the world has a place for gay superheroes, certainly.''' ,'''If I'm half as good as everybody said I am, I'm far too good to be wasting time with ordinary people. But I seem to be spending my life with ordinary people, who are the best people in the world.''' ,'''It's totally irrational, patently insane to condemn an entire race - to despise an entire nation - to vilify an entire religion.''' ,'''The pleasure of reading a story and wondering what will come next for the hero is a pleasure that has lasted for centuries and, I think, will always be with us.''' ,]
+++