+++
author = "David Lindsay-Abaire"
title = "David Lindsay-Abaire Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 David Lindsay-Abaire Quotes"
keywords = "david lindsay-abaire,david lindsay-abaire quotes,david lindsay-abaire quote,david lindsay-abaire sayings,david lindsay-abaire saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Class is something I know about. I've lived it every day of my life, and it shaped me in my identity.''' ,'''I don't want to work on a musical if I'm not the lyricist.''' ,'''I've been pretty well treated by the critics, but the critics who didn't like my comedies hated them with an unbridled passion, and then I would see these same people writing very respectfully about ordinary naturalistic plays.''' ,'''From a young age, I was rubbing elbows with a very different kind of person and social class, and I felt a lot of tension and conflict in my identity because of that.''' ,'''The Pulitzer has nothing to do with me; it's more about people's perceptions of me, whatever they may be. I'm not being humble - I honestly do not and cannot think about that. It's a lovely piece of crystal on my bookcase, but that's all it is to me.''' ,'''Pretty much, the writer's in charge in theater. Of course you're in charge with the director, but no one can change your words. People can give you notes, but you don't have to take them. In Hollywood you take them and you cash your check and that's your job. It's very different.''' ,'''I've worked really hard, but I know people who have worked even harder but didn't have the chances I've had.''' ,'''With studio work, I'm always the bottom man on the totem pole.''' ,'''I'm going to do whatever interests me. Look, writing 'Rabbit Hole' came out of an interest in diversifying my portfolio, frankly.''' ,'''Film is mostly a visual medium, and so the director has much more control in terms of painting pictures and painting a performance. For theater, the director does everything he can and then says, 'Out you go,' and the actors are in charge of that stage every night.''' ,'''I'm just writing about people. People are dark and complicated. I'm trying to tell the truth; that's all that I do.''' ,'''I'm not saying people shouldn't apply themselves and work hard. You do have to try to make your own luck. But I know people firsthand who worked incredibly hard, who were really smart, who never got into trouble, and still didn't get a break.''' ,'''Having deadlines helps because people are constantly breathing down my neck, and tapping their toes waiting for pages. So I just have to work nine to five. If I didn't have deadlines then I might be more of a golden hour kind of guy, writing from eight to noon and calling it a day, but that's just not the way I work right now.''' ,'''We have this myth that if you work hard, you can accomplish anything. It's not a very American thing to say, but I don't think that's true. It's true for a lot of people, but you need other things to succeed. You need luck, you need opportunity, and you need the life skills to recognize what an opportunity is.''' ,'''I didn't go into 'Rabbit Hole' wanting to write about class. I think because of who I am it somehow found its way into it.''' ,]
+++