+++
author = "Hayley Hasselhoff"
title = "Hayley Hasselhoff Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Hayley Hasselhoff Quotes"
keywords = "hayley hasselhoff,hayley hasselhoff quotes,hayley hasselhoff quote,hayley hasselhoff sayings,hayley hasselhoff saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Find what makes you feel comfortable. The confidence you wear your clothes in is what's really going to shine.''' ,'''We're getting to this amazing place where the average size in America is a 14-16, and we're starting to see that represented in the fashion industry, and it's becoming more accepted.''' ,'''Everyone loves good looks, but personality is what sells for me. I want someone to have fun and go on adventures with. I do like guys with tattoos, though.''' ,'''Who you are as a person is more special than trying to be someone you're not. Don't get me wrong - I have bad days, everyone does, but I know if I'm feeling insecure today, I'll move on tomorrow. I'd tell girls to realise it's OK to have bad days to get to the good ones.''' ,'''I'm an over-packer 100 percent. I can't do it; I physically can't under-pack.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it just means 'curvy.' That's why I think the word 'plus-size' in the industry is very different from people's mind view of what 'plus-size' really should mean.''' ,'''I just like talking, and I'm really truthful. Sometimes things come out of my mouth, and I think, 'Maybe I shouldn't have said that,' but at the end of the day, I am who I am! When I'm not acting, I'm going to be fully Hayley Hasselhoff, and that's what you're going to get. And I enjoy that.''' ,'''My parents always told me I'm beautiful the way that I am, and I never thought to myself that I needed to be skinny because there's a magazine out there that said, 'Oh, size two,' or, 'Oh, this girl's beautiful because she's skinny.'''' ,'''My first shoot was on a rooftop in swimsuits with two plus-size models who were curvy and voluptuous and beautiful, and they taught me so much about being beautiful in any shape or size.''' ,'''An Australian girl size 12 and a Swedish girl size 12 are completely different, just because of the way they're formed. It's becoming this worldwide movement because people are getting it. We all have two different parents; we're not supposed to look the same. It's ridiculous.''' ,'''Working out, for me, gives me energy in the day and just makes me happy.''' ,'''It's all about confidence and how you feel about yourself. There's no such thing as a perfect woman. I like imperfections - that's what makes you unique.''' ,'''Plus-size girls can look to the Plus-Size Fashion Weekends and feel like it's special - it's something for them and for their bodies.''' ,'''We're fit, we're healthy, we eat right, we work out. 'Plus size model' does not mean that we're not healthy. Plus size is not glamourising obesity: it's about empowering. The message behind the fashion is feeling confident in whatever you're wearing.''' ,'''I live my life with positivity, so even if there was a low, I'd find a positive in the situation. It's how I am with everything in life. With acting, I don't love the celebrity side of it and the tabloids, but at the end of the day, I love what I do so much, it overrides all that.''' ,'''People dwell so much on the little things, but why should they hold you back when you have the big things to look forward to? By exuding positive energy when dealing with your problems, you will exude it in your being in general. Treat yourself with love and you will exude love to others.''' ,'''People have this conception of plus size models as girls who aren't fit or don't work out or don't really take care of their bodies.''' ,'''I've never worn plus size brands, and I never had to because I found what worked for my body type. So my advice is to find what works for you.''' ,'''Straight sized boards are models size 0-6. Plus size boards are models starting at a 10. If a size 8 girl was 5' 11 and curvy, she'd be on the plus sized board, because there's nothing in between.''' ,'''I'm comfortable with being a voluptuous woman because I'm not going to be a size two and that's ok with me.''' ,'''Fashion can always be a part of your life no matter what shape or size you are. You don't need to feel like you have to fit into a box because you aren't a certain size that your favorite designer carries.''' ,'''The plus size movement is not just about fashion; it's about body image, and if we're doing a shoot, they won't retouch us at all. That's the cool thing: there's no retouching at all because we want to give girls the truth, not a fabrication.''' ,'''I love the idea of embracing your curves and loving yourself while expressing it through fashion.''' ,'''I'm so glad teenagers can look up to young girls and realize it's okay to be voluptuous.''' ,'''The message behind every brand that's plus size is about making a woman feel confident in any shape or size. Now straight size, it's all about the signature brand and how to look good in that one brand, and not necessarily how to look good for yourself.''' ,'''The clothes at Style369 are fashionable - and have a great sense of fit for curvy girls.''' ,'''I am comfortable with who I am as a person. I've never felt that pressure of feeling like I need to fit into something else or be something else because that's not me. I work out and I'm healthy, but that's not to lose weight; that's just to feel good.''' ,]
+++