+++
author = "Andriy Shevchenko"
title = "Andriy Shevchenko Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Andriy Shevchenko Quotes"
keywords = "andriy shevchenko,andriy shevchenko quotes,andriy shevchenko quote,andriy shevchenko sayings,andriy shevchenko saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In England everyone puts a lot of pressure on you when you have cost a lot of money.''' ,'''I would like to thank everyone who supported me to be fit for the Euros. I had some fitness problems before the tournament, but I am here now!''' ,'''When I was a child, it was my dream to be a professional footballer. When I was 14 I visited Milan's San Siro stadium and remember thinking how unbelievable it was. From then onwards I vowed that one day I would be playing there - and I am very proud that I achieved this and also for everything else I have managed to achieve in football.''' ,'''My fitness is good. I hope to improve it even further during training.''' ,'''Each game we approach like a final. Today it was the opening game at home, we won and showed outstanding football qualities. We will be preparing for the next game the same way.''' ,'''There is a great responsibility on the team to perform well, because our supporters and the whole of the country are expecting us to do just that.''' ,'''I still follow Chelsea's fortunes.''' ,'''I feel less adrenaline in my body now, but more in my head. I tried to be at my best, and I succeeded.''' ,'''I had a hard time at Chelsea mainly because I was injured much of the time. Every time I recovered from one injury I seemed to get a new one and it set me back again.''' ,'''We are playing at home, with full stadiums and passionate fans. It will be very special moment for me.''' ,'''It will be hard for us and it will be an achievement just to get out of the group stages and through to the quarterfinals, but I am personally dreaming of reaching the final!''' ,]
+++