+++
author = "Junior Dos Santos"
title = "Junior Dos Santos Quotes"
quotes_len = "63"
description = "the best 63 Junior Dos Santos Quotes"
keywords = "junior dos santos,junior dos santos quotes,junior dos santos quote,junior dos santos sayings,junior dos santos saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Rules are for everyone.''' ,'''It's always interesting to see Brock Lesnar fighting - and getting beat.''' ,'''I've always done my best inside the Octagon, fought the best there is, and win or lose, I've done my best in my fights.''' ,'''I'm always thinking to myself about getting the belt back.''' ,'''I'm an MMA fighter, and I'm really confident in all areas.''' ,'''Miocic hits really hard.''' ,'''What's the point of fighting in the UFC if it isn't to become the champion?''' ,'''Jon Jones is amazing; he's so confident. He uses his elbows very well, and I think he's a great talent.''' ,'''I was just want to get some good fights and as many as possible.''' ,'''I don't pick opponents. I don't care about who I'm going to fight.''' ,'''My first MMA fight was July 2006 here in Brazil. I won a few fights here in Brazil, and then I got a chance to fight in the UFC, but they put me against the number one contender for the title at that time. It was Fabricio Werdum.''' ,'''I am truth. I was made of truth.''' ,'''I love Adele.''' ,'''Miocic has that knockout punch. I was completely dizzy a few moments when we fought.''' ,'''If I wanted to eat all the protein I need from food, I would have to eat something like 10 chickens per day. That is impossible.''' ,'''The ground game of Derrick Lewis isn't that good.''' ,'''I'm a very positive guy.''' ,'''My game plan is always my punching.''' ,'''In the beginning of my all my camps, I do just boxing.''' ,'''Brock Lesnar is a very big guy.''' ,'''If I put things together inside the Octagon, I have everything to be No.1 in the world.''' ,'''Before my career comes my family.''' ,'''Winning is the most important thing, especially in this sport, because when you lose in this sport, it's very hard because you go back, and you have to rebuild your chances to fight for the title.''' ,'''I like Katy Perry.''' ,'''What I really want is to keep myself active.''' ,'''I have a Plan B, Plan C, but my Plan A is working, so I'll keep doing that.''' ,'''Considering myself as a true number one in the UFC, I think Cain Velasquez is the number two.''' ,'''It's very unusual for me to take a punch.''' ,'''My coach used to tell me I've got pretty heavy hands, so I try to use them at the start of the fight because it's a good time to use my power because I'm 100% in the moment.''' ,'''For sure, the UFC and MMA became way bigger than boxing.''' ,'''You know me: I'm a knockout guy. I'm always looking for the knockout.''' ,'''Fedor is the greatest, no doubt. For me, in a matter of admiration, he is the greatest of all time. He is a heavyweight who beat everybody. He certainly was 'The Baddest Man on the Planet.'''' ,'''I actually want to face Daniel Cormier.''' ,'''When I had long hair, I used to tie it back, so the guys would say I would look like the 'Gypsy.' I used to hate that, but the less you like a nickname, the more it sticks.''' ,'''I am not a cheater.''' ,'''I love who I am, and I want to stay in MMA.''' ,'''I really believe in my hands and my power to knock people out, and I will try to keep looking for that, for knockouts.''' ,'''If you say an athlete doesn't need supplementation, that he can get everything through food, you're wrong.''' ,'''I'm a good actor.''' ,'''I love to train boxing, and I think I have enough skills in boxing.''' ,'''It's my biggest goal to become champion. I think it's everybody's goal here in the UFC.''' ,'''Ben Rothwell is a beast like he says he is. He's very, very tough.''' ,'''Every athlete in the UFC, I think they want to fight for the title. I'm no different.''' ,'''I don't care that much about rankings, and that doesn't matter that much in the UFC, too.''' ,'''I have combinations, and I work on my combinations all the time.''' ,'''Daniel Cormier is a different champion. He has achieved some amazing things in his career, and for me, it would be very nice to be facing him.''' ,'''I see the takedowns; I see the opportunities to take people down or even try to submit them or something like that. But man, I prefer to stay on my feet. That way I'm confident.''' ,'''I have to know jiu-jitsu and wrestling, but I'm a boxing guy.''' ,'''Wladimir, the Klitschkos, they're amazing. I like to watch them fight, especially Wladimir, but it's kind of boring. They are really good at what they do, but they are very careful.''' ,'''I like to fight here in Europe.''' ,'''Whatever UFC wants to do or any opponent they want to give me, I'll be ready for that.''' ,'''I really believe I can knock anyone out in this world.''' ,'''I like to move a lot and throw some hard punches.''' ,'''This thing where Daniel Cormier wants to fight Brock Lesnar; I know he wants to make money, but it doesn't make any sense. The only one who wants to see that fight or make that fight is him. Nobody else wants to see that.''' ,'''The heavyweight division is always very intriguing. These are the heavy hitters, you know? Every time when you do a mistake, it's the end of the fight. So you have to be careful all the time, and this is what makes this division so intriguing, so exciting for the fans.''' ,'''I'm chasing my goals, and I haven't been able to make things happen the way I want them to happen. It doesn't feel good, but the answer is simple: I just have to work hard and to focus on cutting down the number of mistakes I make.''' ,'''I don't like to use - I never use - any kind of drugs to help me in my fights. I don't like that. I don't like drugs.''' ,'''He puts on a great show every time he fights, so I enjoy seeing Mark Hunt fighting, and I'm glad he's still fighting; he's 44 and still fighting in a high performance, so it's good to see someone like this always putting on a great show and giving us, MMA fans, these great fights.''' ,'''Forget about jiu-jitsu and wrestling - I'm a boxing guy.''' ,'''I'm not worried about trying to guarantee a fight for the belt, because that's automatic; it will happen.''' ,'''When you become the champion, you become a target.''' ,'''I say it all the time: it's different when two heavyweights, especially when they are the size of Ben Rothwell, face each other in the Octagon. Even the leather - right in the back seat of the arena, they will be able to hear the sounds of the punches.''' ,'''I really believe if I put my mind in the right place, if I train very hard, if I have good support by my side, I can be the champion again and stay there for a long time.''' ,]
+++