+++
author = "Steve Bullock"
title = "Steve Bullock Quotes"
quotes_len = "59"
description = "the best 59 Steve Bullock Quotes"
keywords = "steve bullock,steve bullock quotes,steve bullock quote,steve bullock sayings,steve bullock saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm happy at home when Trump's not doing good for Montana to point out he's not doing good for Montana.''' ,'''We expect elections to have contribution limits, and we expect to follow them.''' ,'''I don't listen to that many podcasts when I fly.''' ,'''When I was growing up the National Rifle Association was gun safety and hunting organization. Now it's nothing more than to try to divide people.''' ,'''I'm personally committed to improving Montana's economic future.''' ,'''Residents expect their state leaders to deliver solutions for the people of their state.''' ,'''The opportunity I had growing up in Montana isn't the opportunities for a whole lot of people.''' ,'''The only way I can get progressive things done is working with Republicans.''' ,'''Ultimately, the decision to expand Medicaid is one of common sense and necessity; the facts make it clear that it is good for state economies, good for hospitals, and good for the people who need healthcare coverage.''' ,'''I believe states should have the right to be the masters of their own elections.''' ,'''We have our work cut out to make sure our outdoors will always remain accessible.''' ,'''As governor, I'll put Montanans first.''' ,'''Yellowstone wildlife is treasured. We understand that. We'll manage them in a way that addresses that sensitivity.''' ,'''I was not an athlete in college.''' ,'''George H.W. Bush said we will lead on climate change, and we'll lead from the top. That was 30 years ago. And now Republicans can't even acknowledge that climate change is human caused or real because of the outside spending in our elections.''' ,'''You could arm-chair quarterback what the president did or didn't do, or was asked to do or asked not to do. I guess I'm more focused on what's going forward.''' ,'''It's hard to make a clear line between what is political business and what is state business.''' ,'''I've got to tell you, I haven't received any $500,000 checks lately.''' ,'''Above all, spend time in places where people disagree with you. Reach out. Show up and make your argument. People will appreciate it, even if they are not inclined to vote for you.''' ,'''In Montana, whether you're a farmer, whether you're a fisherman... you know that the climate is changing, and we need to do something about it.''' ,'''In Montana, no one, including out-of-state corporate executives, has been excluded from spending money - or 'speaking' - in our elections. Any individual can contribute. All we require is that they use their own money, not corporate money that belongs to shareholders, and that they disclose who they are.''' ,'''I've been able to bridge divides in a very partisan time and get Republicans and Democrats to work with me to try to improve people's lives.''' ,'''My administration will continue to engage the private sector to increase economic opportunities and look for ways to improve our already top notch business environment.''' ,'''There is no doubt that Montanans support our nation's efforts to enhance national security.''' ,'''My administration is focused on continuing to grow our economic foundation while ensuring emerging industries have the infrastructure and workforce they need to succeed in the global economy.''' ,'''I want to make sure that ours is a party that is focusing on both middle class issues and not becoming a party of our two coasts.''' ,'''At one time in Montana, our elected officials were literally bought and owned by companies.''' ,'''I remember a humorous episode from Bill Clinton's presidency in which his advisers prevailed upon him, one summer before his re-election campaign, to spend his vacation in Montana and Wyoming instead of the usual Martha's Vineyard. The theory was that he'd benefit from hanging out someplace a little more down to earth.''' ,'''What I said when Otter Creek came up is that we in Montana have a history of giving away our resources. We need to make sure Montana is getting its share.''' ,'''It's called the Governor's Cup. It's this big race. People from all around the state. And actually, we had 40 different states - representatives from 40 different states, thousands of people show up. And both my 12-year-old and my 14-year-old beat me in the 5K.''' ,'''Senator Walsh has a long history of fighting for Montanans, both at home and in combat. He deserves respect for his courage on our behalf.''' ,'''Not on my watch will we sell or transfer our public lands.''' ,'''Worker and worker protections, figuring out how someone can have a better shot in a global marketplace, has always been the stepchild of trade.''' ,'''To create jobs in Montana, we must find ways to reduce the cost of health care delivery.''' ,'''I mean, I got reelected in 2016. Donald Trump took Montana by 20 points. I won by four. Twenty-five to 30% of my voters voted for Donald Trump. And that's not, for me, changing who I am.''' ,'''I think Donald Trump tapped into something where folks didn't think the economy and the political system was working for them.''' ,'''It's no accident that Montana is the most fiscally prudent state in the nation.''' ,'''People across the nation know Montana as 'Big Sky Country' or the 'Last Best Place' thanks to our stunning landscapes, blue-ribbon trout streams, and welcoming communities. Fewer people recognize that Montana has one of the most competitive business climates to go along with our exceptional quality of life.''' ,'''We all know we're probably the only industrialized nation that doesn't provide health care.''' ,'''We have to take immediate and durable action on climate change.''' ,'''There are many different ways we can choose to reduce our carbon impacts.''' ,'''Political grandstanding might make for great soundbites for the evening news, but it will do nothing to help the people that go to work every day knowing that they're one health emergency away from bankruptcy. It will do nothing to help the hospitals struggling to keep their doors open under the crushing cost of uncompensated care.''' ,'''If you're not geographically diverse, it's hard to even speak a language that makes sense to folks in faraway places. That's especially a problem in the West, where voters have always mistrusted the federal government.''' ,'''People want to believe that you're going to wake up each day and fight to make their lives better.''' ,'''You know, there's a great discussion - I think that groups like the NRA have been really, really good at trying to divide us by fears, that the ideas that, well, Democrats want to take everybody's guns away. And that's not true.''' ,'''Tattooed across NASCAR drivers' jumpsuits and over every square inch of their cars are the logos of the companies sponsoring the teams, underwriting the costs, paying their salaries. Everyone can see who the drivers represent and who is footing the bill.''' ,'''It's too bad American electoral races aren't as transparent as NASCAR races.''' ,'''How do you focus on jobs and creating opportunities for the next generation if it's just essentially a war on public employees and others?''' ,'''As a Democrat in a red state, I often spend days among crowds where there are almost no Democratic voters in sight. I listen to them, work with them and try to persuade them.''' ,'''You want to be somewhat cautious inasmuch as you can't use the state email for political or campaign business.''' ,'''I don't have any tattoos.''' ,'''The oil boom is providing Montanans an opportunity for good paying jobs.''' ,'''When I defend our right to hunt and fish on public lands, rivers and streams. Or work for better schools. And more good paying jobs that can support a family. Those aren't political issues to me. They're personal.''' ,'''The truth is Floridians and Montanans have more in common than you might think. Both are fed up with partisan gridlock in D.C., and look to their state leaders to find common ground, pursue compromise, and move forward solutions that improve the health of their economy, their communities and their residents.''' ,'''Well, I think that, you know, there's often two ways to become a scientist. One is to actually get your Ph.D. and then the other is to run for office.''' ,'''Maybe I'd raise my visibility substantially if I was out yelling about President Trump. I don't know that would advance anything that I hope to get done in Montana or around the country that much more.''' ,'''There are folks out there, especially during the political season, that'll try to twist and turn economic statistics for their own personal benefit, to pick and choose talking points in order to tear Montana's progress down.''' ,'''When laws are literally written now to make donors happy, we've got a problem.''' ,'''I'd never presume to understand what it's like to be in a community I've never been a part of, but I can show up, listen and learn.''' ,]
+++