+++
author = "Charo"
title = "Charo Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Charo Quotes"
keywords = "charo,charo quotes,charo quote,charo sayings,charo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The family of my mother had a lot of money; the family of my father, nothing.''' ,'''If you believe in what you do, you are immortal. The day that you don't believe it, the day you're taking other people's opinion, you better go to Tijuana.''' ,'''I love audiences. They are my oxygen. I only breathe with audience. When I'm alone, I am normally a miserable you-know-what.''' ,'''I haven't changed. My family and I live as we did in South Spain. I've had loud music, chickens, birds, and a bull in my backyard.''' ,'''I'm so stupid because I refuse to think that I'm getting older. I get up in the morning, and it's like, 'La, la, la, I'm so pretty.' I still mingle with a lot with young people. I even go to college campuses to talk to them because I know how they think. They don't think I'm boring, either. They think I'm cool, but I want them to think I'm hot!''' ,''''Jane the Virgin' is one of the most original shows that's been presented in the United States.''' ,'''I had no regret to the 'cuchi-cuchi' show. It showed me the way to the bank. It's a gimmick. It's fun. It has nothing to do with sex... it's energy and fun... If it wasn't for 'cuchi-cuchi,' I would be selling tomatoes in Tijuana.''' ,'''Around the world, I am known as a great musician. But in America, I am known as the cuchi-cuchi girl. That's okay because cuchi-cuchi has taken me all the way to the bank.''' ,'''I am a person who has to move. I'm like a shark - if it doesn't move, it dies. I'm in good shape.''' ,'''In 1988, Christmas, that was my last performance because I moved to Hawaii to raise my son.''' ,'''I can tell you, to me, Lady Gaga is Madonna with diarrhea.''' ,'''My neighbors are quiet. I am not. I don't know if they're dead or alive.''' ,'''When you are Spanish girl, you got to grow up in a convent if you want to get married.''' ,'''When I learned Japanese, they say that I sounded like a Chinese with diarrhea!''' ,'''My English is actually getting worse. We talk Spanish at home and switch to English only when we need it. Like when we go to the bank to get some money.''' ,'''My goal is to try new things, to make people forget their problems, make them laugh, and for them to talk about it the next day.''' ,'''In Spanish, we have a saying: 'The woman and the frying pan belong in the kitchen.' Ohhhh, I hate it!''' ,'''We used to have a bull. A real bull. At that time, Jennifer Lopez was my neighbor. God bless her, she took it. But other neighbors did not like it, that we have a bull.''' ,'''I used to run about two miles every day, but now with 'Dancing With the Stars,' the running is over.''' ,'''Many people think I am an idiot. I think I am a genius.''' ,'''Listen, even if you go wild, I like class. Everybody in show business never should forget that there is a line, and that you should have class.''' ,'''My costumes are the same measurements they were when I was 19, 20 years old. I eat pizza and ice cream, but whenever I gain three or four pounds, that sets off a red alarm.''' ,]
+++