+++
author = "Stephanie Sigman"
title = "Stephanie Sigman Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 Stephanie Sigman Quotes"
keywords = "stephanie sigman,stephanie sigman quotes,stephanie sigman quote,stephanie sigman sayings,stephanie sigman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not a fashionista, definitely. I'm an actress. I have a great team working with me.''' ,'''I personally think Prague is more romantic than Paris. If you have a girlfriend, take her there.''' ,'''It feels like a dream come true, being a Bond girl. I feel like a princess. It's hard to believe it when I say, 'I'm a Bond girl.'''' ,'''I'd love to be in a real boxing match, but I can't because of my face. I'm an actor!''' ,'''Birthdays are just weird! I like to have something simple like a dinner with friends and family if possible.''' ,'''Travelling is hard, but travelling and still having style is even harder.''' ,'''When I was a little girl, I wanted to be a rock star. I wanted to be Steven Tyler. It was really strange, but as a little girl you think anything is possible, and it is. I never even thought about being an actress.''' ,'''I grew up in baseball stadiums. It was my two brothers and baseball around me all the time. I knew nothing about film or acting or theater when I was young!''' ,'''Films are a very personal experience - just like a martini - so I try to think about what I like, what projects I like to be in, and make sure I feel proud about it because, at the end, I'm the only one that's going to look back and feel proud or not about what I was doing.''' ,'''Who isn't difficult? I'm difficult as an artist.''' ,'''Trust is important in any relationship, not just a romantic one.''' ,'''I'm pretty spoilt when it comes to having a glam team.''' ,'''I want to do a lot of different characters - definitely not always the same kind of character. I love that life provides so many choices, and I want to be able to experience that.''' ,'''I was in a modeling contest when I was 16. People don't think it's different, modeling versus beauty pageants, but it is. As a model, you're still an individual. When you are crowned a Miss, you are representative of a lot.''' ,'''It makes a big difference when men respect women. There are a lot of men who don't, so that's the main quality that would make a good man a great man.''' ,'''I'm really into Spider-Man, in particular. Since I was a little kid.''' ,'''My grandma loves beauty pageants, like most of Latin American culture, but it's not for me.''' ,'''Every Bond girl has a certain charm, and sometimes - almost every time - that charm is more important than beauty. In the films and in life.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with being on time. If you say, 'Let's meet up at 10 A.M.,' I will be there 15 minutes early. Always.''' ,'''I started doing independent films. My first one was 'Miss Bala,' which was very well-received at film festivals.''' ,'''I've been learning a lot about how to make a martini and all the variations that you can have with a few ingredients with Belvedere.''' ,'''I try not to think about the expectations of other people because there's always going to be expectations.''' ,'''I saw 'Y Tu Mama Tambien' with my mom. It was really awkward.''' ,'''I box two to three times a week. I don't like going to the gym because it's boring. I really like boxing because you have to combine concentration and imagination. I feel like I'm actually learning something that's useful.''' ,'''I think in general, and in the film industry, that idea of having only one type of girl is changing. There's more variety because it's the world we live, and we want to portray that.''' ,'''I don't use a lot of products. I don't even like to wear make-up when I'm not working.''' ,'''I would love to do a romantic comedy - a good one.''' ,'''I'm in a Bond film directed by Sam Mendes, with Daniel Craig. I want it to be perfect.''' ,'''Martinis are glamorous but also so simple because they only have a few ingredients, and you can really taste the vodka.''' ,'''I would say that the energy on set is always the energy of the director because he's the boss.''' ,'''I liked the whole process of creating on set. It's almost like creating magic. The work that the camera guys are doing at the same time, the lighting... all of the people working in their departments to make one thing.''' ,'''I enjoy talking to people about what I do - about films, music, directors, and art. It's very strange, having to talk about yourself.''' ,'''Sometimes being scared of something can be good because it can give you strength. A great example for me would be acting in English! Basically, whenever I'm scared of a project, I know it's worth it.''' ,'''The thing with fashion is that when I see something that I like, I just go with it. I don't really go towards one designer or the other. It's just what I like. It could be expensive, it could be cheap. If it fits me, and it's my style, I'll wear it.''' ,'''We can use films and art to express what is happening around all of us.''' ,'''When you're 16 years old, you're not afraid of anything.''' ,'''That's the best way to work on a project: talk to the director. In the end, it's the director's idea of how they perceive the movie and how they perceive the characters.''' ,'''You know who I think is very sexy? Nora Jones.''' ,'''When I met Christophe Waltz, I was so shy! I was like, 'Oh, hi! Um, I'm Stephanie!' He's one of my favorite actors.''' ,'''I wash my face with soap and water. I use whatever I have. I will even wash my hair with the hotel shampoo, so I don't use anything special. I try to keep it simple.''' ,'''I started as a model in Mexico - I was traveling, but my base was in Mexico City. And then I studied acting for three years.''' ,'''I like running, and I like boxing.''' ,'''I just feel like sometimes people don't want to hear the truth. It's hard when you hear the truth. People want to hear what they want to hear. Sometimes I have a hard time with that because I'm very honest.''' ,'''Every project is a new challenge for an actor. If it's not, it's boring.''' ,'''As an artist, you have to do what you feel passionate about. It has to be something you can connect with.''' ,'''Oh, breakfast is my favorite thing in the world. I always eat a big breakfast. It's the most important meal of the day, and I need energy.''' ,'''I am learning how to dance hip-hop. I'm a good dancer when I dance salsa.''' ,'''You cannot expect to make an action movie without getting bruises.''' ,'''I remember admiring my aunt's - my mom's sister's - fashion, which was very feminine and sexy, but always sophisticated.''' ,'''I would love to work with Morgan Freeman. I love him.''' ,'''I wear tennis shoes over and over again, and my black jacket. I always try to be comfortable. It's very important to me to wear comfortable shoes, which are hard to find - beautiful and comfortable at the same time.''' ,'''I like difficult people because that means they're perfectionists and they're passionate.''' ,'''I love Calle 13 - they are Puerto Rican; some songs sound like Reggaeton, but it's not Reggaeton; it's good urban music.''' ,'''There are much more important things than a man going to the gym. Of course they have to take care of themselves on a certain level, but it's not essential. I think men do it more to impress other men.''' ,'''I knew I was going to be in 'Spectre,' but I didn't realize I was a 'Bond girl' until they announced it.''' ,'''I want to continue working in Mexico, but I'd also like to work in other countries eventually, too. Working behind the camera is interesting for me, too.''' ,]
+++