+++
author = "Claire Bloom"
title = "Claire Bloom Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Claire Bloom Quotes"
keywords = "claire bloom,claire bloom quotes,claire bloom quote,claire bloom sayings,claire bloom saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't think actresses' lives in general are very good.''' ,'''I learned from watching and I learned form doing.''' ,'''When I was in England doing Romeo and Juliet as a child star, I was interviewed by the British press, who are even more vicious and cruel than the Americans. So I have been extremely guarded ever since.''' ,'''In my day, people didn't do nude scenes. I mean they didn't exist.''' ,'''I've spent my life pursing excellence as an artist, which is what I always wanted to do anyhow.''' ,'''I started on a very high note and I was alwasy able to choose. I want to be able to do that until my last breath. And to do that, you have to have money.''' ,'''My face has always been my fortune anyway, not my body.''' ,'''I had a burning ambition. Otherwise, I wouldn't have accomplished it.''' ,'''I remember seeing some little wrinkles in my early 30s and thinking they were interesting. But you know the horror of it is that the screen image has to be perfect.''' ,'''I am interested in the art. I'm a professional woman.''' ,'''I don't enjoy the life of an actress, but I don't want to go into that.''' ,'''You can't pretend to be a Sharon Stone or a Marilyn Monroe. You really can't fake that.''' ,'''Film is different for me now. If the money is good and it's not totally revolting, I'll do it.''' ,'''I have no intention of discussing my private life with anyone.''' ,'''In any of the arts, you never stop learning.''' ,'''In my book, I was trying to get into my own soul.''' ,'''There are several paths one can take, but not every path is open to you.''' ,'''Security has no place in the life of an actress.''' ,]
+++