+++
author = "Huey Newton"
title = "Huey Newton Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Huey Newton Quotes"
keywords = "huey newton,huey newton quotes,huey newton quote,huey newton sayings,huey newton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My mother and my father have been married 50 years, and he's just started to understand that something's wrong with the system. He accepted the whole thing, you see. Yet this industrious kind of engagement didn't bring him the success, according to American terms, that he wanted. I was probably affected by this very much. In fact, I know I was.''' ,'''You can jail a Revolutionary, but you can't jail the Revolution.''' ,'''We have two evils to fight, capitalism and racism. We must destroy both racism and capitalism.''' ,'''My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning.''' ,'''If you stop struggling, then you stop life.''' ,'''You can tell the tree by the fruit it bears. You see it through what the organization is delivering as far as a concrete program. If the tree's fruit sours or grows brackish, then the time has come to chop it down - bury it and walk over it and plant new seeds.''' ,'''I think what motivates people is not great hate, but great love for other people.''' ,'''Black Power is giving power to people who have not had power to determine their destiny.''' ,'''We've never advocated violence; violence is inflicted upon us. But we do believe in self-defense for ourselves and for black people.''' ,'''No one can say, 'I have dropped out - I am no longer in the system.' When you're in prison, you're even closer to the system: you feel it more, and you might be in there for whatever reason. You don't transform the system as an absolute thing.''' ,'''I didn't get trained by the school system like other kids, and when I did concentrate on learning, my mind was cluttered and locked by the programming of the system.''' ,'''I do not expect the white media to create positive black male images.''' ,'''I read Plato's 'Republic.' I read it through about five times until I could actually understand it.''' ,'''The first book I ever really read was Plato's 'Republic,' and then I had to go over that five times or something.''' ,'''Sometimes if you want to get rid of the gun, you have to pick the gun up.''' ,'''The revolution has always been in the hands of the young. The young always inherit the revolution.''' ,'''The policemen or soldiers are only a gun in the establishments hand. They make the racist secure in his racism.''' ,'''The first lesson a revolutionary must learn is that he is a doomed man.''' ,'''Any unarmed people are slaves, or are subject to slavery at any given moment.''' ,'''I have the people behind me and the people are my strength.''' ,'''There's no reason for the establishment to fear me. But it has every right to fear the people collectively - I am one with the people.''' ,'''Malcolm X was the first political person in this country that I really identified with. If he had lived and not been purged, I probably would have joined the Muslims.''' ,'''There will be no prison which can hold our movement down.''' ,'''The walls, the bars, the guns and the guards can never encircle or hold down the idea of the people.''' ,'''I expected to die. At no time before the trial did I expect to escape with my life. Yet being executed in the gas chamber did not necessarily mean defeat. It could be one more step to bring the community to a higher level of consciousness.''' ,]
+++