+++
author = "Mohamed Sanu"
title = "Mohamed Sanu Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Mohamed Sanu Quotes"
keywords = "mohamed sanu,mohamed sanu quotes,mohamed sanu quote,mohamed sanu sayings,mohamed sanu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I mean, who doesn't love one-on-one match-ups?''' ,'''I play football, that's what I do, and people can bet on me if they want to, and if they don't, then their loss. Then they don't get a share of the wealth.''' ,'''I feel like I bring the juice and the squeeze.''' ,'''Just go out there and play football. Don't make it bigger than it has to be.''' ,'''I want to be a successful businessman outside of football.''' ,'''Get out of the house. A lot of kids play video games and aren't active, and that's one thing I like to do - keep them active and having fun, interacting with other kids.''' ,'''Yeah, I loved playing in Atlanta, I enjoyed it.''' ,'''I would say a lot of it came from a lot of different drills that Coach Fleck put me through. That's my man. He taught me a lot, a lot, a lot about receiver play. And he taught me a lot about catching the ball and just hand placement.''' ,'''I love pressure. I don't know why, but I love the pressure of, 'oh it's third-and-five' or it's the two-minute drill and someone has to make a play. I'm that guy.''' ,'''Ain't nothing going to hold me back.''' ,'''I can move, I'm very shifty and at the same time I'm big.''' ,'''When you drop the ball, it's not about, 'Oh, he can't catch,' or none of that. If you put time into something, of course you can catch. I wouldn't have got drafted if I couldn't.''' ,'''Usually halftime's only like 15 minutes.''' ,'''I know I want to do something with kids and help them become better mentally, physically and emotionally. They're the future after we're gone. So we have to prepare kids to be adults.''' ,'''I think I just need to be consistent in everything that I do.''' ,'''I love the bonds you get to build with your teammates, your brothers.''' ,'''I know what I think of myself and the standard I hold myself to.''' ,'''That's what they pay me to do is catch the football, so I'm going to do my job.''' ,'''If we're all talking about something that doesn't matter, it can be bean talk. If we're talking about something that we're talking about together, it could be bean talk.''' ,'''The book Relentless' is an awesome book. It taught me a lot about just staying consistent, being level-headed, being relentless at what you want to do.''' ,'''It ain't about catching 20, 30 whatever. If I catch two I catch two, if I catch 10 I catch 10, as long as we win, that's all that matters to me.''' ,'''I just pray that us as a country and a world can just be united as one.''' ,'''I can't control what people think about me or how they choose to remember me.''' ,'''I still want to play where I'm valued.''' ,'''Whatever's called I'm going to do my part. If the ball comes my way it comes my way.''' ,'''Part of my craft is catching the ball, so I definitely put a lot of pride into it.''' ,'''There are a lot of guys who football is all they have. And I love football to death, it got me here, it's what I've been doing since I was nine years old, but football ends at a point in time and you've got to be prepared for life after football.''' ,'''The NFL is a business and I accept it for what it is.''' ,'''The NFL is a brotherhood - if you think about all the millions of people that live in America and there's 1,900 people in the NFL. That's not that many, so everybody knows each other.''' ,'''My name's Mohamed, a lot of people know I'm Muslim, but I'm here because of my football talents, not because I'm Muslim.''' ,'''I play because I love the game. I love the process, I love the work, I love playing football.''' ,'''Throughout COVID, I just consistently grinded at my craft. I didn't let COVID get in the way of my goal and the goal is to be the best me that I can be for the team.''' ,'''That's how people get better. Keep progressing, keep competing, and good things will happen.''' ,'''I'm grateful for my time in New England. It taught me a lot. It just didn't gel out how I wanted.''' ,'''I'm just focused on what I've got here in San Fran. I'm excited just to be a part of this team.''' ,'''You put a lot of work into something, a lot of time, a lot of sacrifices, and the time you put in, you want the same result from it.''' ,]
+++