+++
author = "Miranda Cosgrove"
title = "Miranda Cosgrove Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Miranda Cosgrove Quotes"
keywords = "miranda cosgrove,miranda cosgrove quotes,miranda cosgrove quote,miranda cosgrove sayings,miranda cosgrove saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do text a lot. Sometimes, at night, my thumbs hurt because I've texted so much, so I definitely text too much.''' ,'''Sometimes I get kind of bored if I go like a month or so and I'm not doing anything. At first I'm like, 'Cool, I'll have a little time off and I'll get to hang out with friends,' but then after a little while goes by I'm like, 'Oh,' and I really wish that I could go back and start doing work again.''' ,'''I've seen all the Judd Apatow movies, and I'd love to have a really funny little part in one of them some day.''' ,'''My dad went to USC and it always had been very important to me and my family.''' ,'''I love entertaining and making people laugh. It's my favorite thing to do.''' ,'''I do home schooling. I went to regular school until fifth grade, and then I started doing home schooling, which it's completely different. I have a teacher on set with me and I just work with her, one-on-one.''' ,'''Even with college, the reason I wanted to go so badly is because I wanted to major in film. I want to take screenwriting classes and learn more about behind the scenes stuff, because I love people like Steve Carell and Kristen Wiig who are able to write a lot of their own material and be so involved in everything they do.''' ,'''I had to take the driver's test twice. And they don't make you parallel park anymore, but you can't hit the curb when you're backing up. And I hit the curb.''' ,'''I write songs all the time in my room. I play them for my friends and family.''' ,'''Everybody in L.A. wants to be an actor. I just wish I could meet somebody who doesn't act or sing.''' ,'''I love getting my nails done. My mom's best friend is a manicurist. When I was little, she'd do little paintings on my nails, like flowers. She comes to our house. It's the best.''' ,'''When I was 5, I started taking singing lessons, and then, after 'School of Rock,' I started taking guitar lessons. I would always write songs and play them for my friends, and I would play my guitar on the set a lot.''' ,'''I love theater. Like, every time I go to New York, I see a play.''' ,'''I definitely have guys that I'm friends with that I have a crush on, and you don't want to ruin the friendship.''' ,'''I feel like I hadn't given that many classic films, like, a really good chance. I watched 'Casablanca' a really long time ago when I was like, 12. I didn't like it that much, and then when I saw it again in class, I loved it.''' ,'''I want to go to college, and I want to keep acting and singing.''' ,'''My two best friends have gone through break-ups that were really hard, and I remember thinking, 'How could this be so hard and important to them?' Literally for months they were really upset and they couldn't get over it. I had no idea what it was like. And now that I've been through it, I totally understand.''' ,'''I've been acting for a while, but theater is pretty different. I've never been in a play.''' ,'''Some of my favorite movies are just movies that are just good stories, and aren't necessarily big budget movies or anything.''' ,'''My mom is a really good cook. I didn't get the cooking gene, but she cooks this really amazing dinner every Christmas, and that's always really fun.''' ,'''It scared my mom to death when all my friends started driving. She always told me she wanted me to drive, but I think she kind of felt lucky that I didn't get my permit when all my friends did. I think that's been the hardest thing for her, watching me go out with my friends and literally drive away.''' ,'''I'm more into, like, colour than, like, the type of car and stuff. I don't know much about cars, so I'm just more into picking the right color.''' ,'''With the 'iCarly' soundtrack, I didn't get to write any of the songs. I just picked songs that meant a lot to me that I really liked.''' ,'''I'm on the Web a lot. I like to play games online. Sometimes I play Sims.''' ,'''I've had journals ever since I was really little. Sometimes I write poems and stuff, but for the most part I write down what happens to me during the day that I don't want to forget. So I have books filled with little things like that.''' ,'''I like James Franco. I think he's really cute. I remember a while ago there was a rumor going around that he was getting married and all my friends and I were freaking out. Yeah, I think he's cute!''' ,'''I've feel like I've been doing TV shows most of my life.''' ,'''As far as movies, I love 'The Notebook.' I always say that I wish I could play Rachel McAdams' character. She's amazing. That's the movie every girl wants to be in.''' ,'''I love getting my nails done. My mom's best friend is a manicurist. When I was little, she'd do little paintings on my nails, like flowers.''' ,'''I've only had one serious boyfriend, but we dated for three years.''' ,'''I don't have any siblings, but I have best friends that I have known since kindergarten that I'm protective of. If they call me and tell me someone was mean to them at school - I want to go to school and be mean to that person and try to stand up for them.''' ,'''I like the old, classic scary movies. I love 'Psycho,' 'The Sixth Sense,' and 'Poltergeist.'''' ,'''My friends and I have always loved the Neutrogena brand and their ability to help inspire confidence. So when I found out I was actually going to be part of the Neutrogena family, I was really excited.''' ,'''I'm a big tandem bike rider... I've had a tandem bike since I was 12, and I wanna be a competitive tandem bike rider one day.''' ,'''Growing up, my next door neighbor was my best friend and an only child too.''' ,'''The first time someone called me a role model, I remember thinking, 'What does that mean?' But I feel aware of it when I'm reading scripts.''' ,'''I'm not that rebellious. There's a part of me that wishes I was that.''' ,'''My ideal guy would be funny and fun to be around.''' ,'''A big part of why I wanted to go to college is to meet people and make friends.''' ,'''My room is never clean. I play 'Guitar Hero' all the time and throw things around my room.''' ,'''I'm lucky because my two best friends are from kindergarten so they never thought that it was a big deal that I was in acting; they don't even ever talk about it. They still act all confused, like, 'What's going on?' when we go places and people come up to me.''' ,'''I really love music but I've always wanted to act.''' ,'''I think the Beatles are a lot of people's favorite band.''' ,'''I love making 'iCarly' - it's so much fun, and I love getting the script every week and not really knowing what insane thing I'm going to be doing. It's just like an adventure every episode; that's really fun.''' ,'''I love entertaining people and making them laugh. It's my favorite thing to do.''' ,'''I want to get the message out that everybody can make a difference.''' ,'''My parents never said I had to be 16 to date, but that has been the rule for all my friends.''' ,]
+++