+++
author = "Constance Marie"
title = "Constance Marie Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Constance Marie Quotes"
keywords = "constance marie,constance marie quotes,constance marie quote,constance marie sayings,constance marie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Sometimes I regret waiting so long to have a child, but I don't make the rules. The universe decided it was going to take me a while to get to be a mom!''' ,''''Wonder Woman' was on TV when I was growing up, and I knew Lynda Carter was part Latina. It gave me a great sense of pride.''' ,'''The easiest way to get your body back after baby is to not gain too much weight during your pregnancy!''' ,'''While you're pregnant, I suggest that you eat like you regularly do. Yes you can eat a little more, but eat healthier for as long as you can.''' ,'''If stores and vendors know there is a demand for organic products, they will make them. The more they make, the more the cost comes down.''' ,'''Okay - before I even had a baby, I would dream of the day I could make ponytails on my kid. I don't know why. I somehow got it in my head that it would be such a cool thing.''' ,'''My family was dubbed the loud family, but that was mostly because of my mother.''' ,'''I eliminated coffee and fish from my diet. The pesticides in coffee and fish, as well as the mercury in the latter, are considered possible contributors to birth defects in fetal tissue.''' ,'''I was a tomboy as a child! I wanted my daughter to be a scrapper and not so dainty.''' ,'''I learned so much about the toxicity of our environment while trying to get pregnant, I didn't want to do anything to mess up the kid now that she was finally here.''' ,'''I was 38 years old when we started trying to have a baby. I thought it would be no problem, but the 3 years it took us was the most difficult period of my life.''' ,'''There were some jobs I wanted that weren't necessarily right for me at the time. The ones I thought I'd never get, I got. As long as I am doing the best work I can possibly do at any given time, I can't do any better than that.''' ,'''It took me three and a half years to become a mom, so it makes me feel so good to know I'm giving my baby the best chance I can to develop a strong immune system and live a healthy life.''' ,'''My name is Constance Marie, and I am anti-princess.''' ,'''The deaf community and the hearing community, there's not always a ton of interaction.''' ,'''I get as much sleep as possible. When I get home, I have just enough energy to lay out my clothes and go to bed.''' ,'''I never felt ready to have a baby until I was about 37 years old. I knew I always wanted kids someday, but I needed to be 'ready,' ya know?''' ,'''Actually, I failed drama in high school because of nerves. I wasn't able to memorize the words. I had complete stage fright.''' ,'''I have learned that I have to slow down and appreciate that my daughter still needs me, still wants me to help her negotiate everything in her life.''' ,'''I totally support women working on their relationships, their careers, or whatever they need to do to be healthy moms, but it's also important to realize you may not have as much time as you think.''' ,'''I'm no stranger to weight issues. I've had cellulite since I was about nine years old. I have enjoyed the uber support of Spanx many times.''' ,'''The working mothers of America deserve medals.''' ,'''After having a baby, there will inevitably be something on your body - a mark, a scar or some loose skin - that wasn't there before.''' ,'''Life is dramatic and comedic at times. Sometimes in the most dramatic situations, there is comedy. And good comedy comes from a sense of reality.''' ,'''If Luna Marie is at the park, my child is not happy unless she's on the highest bar of the jungle gym or the tallest branch of a tree or jumping over the biggest, deepest hole.''' ,'''I started as a mommy blogger, and it's been really great.''' ,'''I am serious about my sleep.''' ,'''I just remember all those days in the unemployment line, stressed out over when my next job was coming.''' ,'''Family to me is foundation. It's the people that you can call on whether you love them or hate them. When push comes to shove, they're there for you, and that's kind of how this family is.''' ,'''Motherhood is nitty and gritty and brutal and wonderful, but everything I read is about the wonderful parts. Sometimes, you're really in the trenches!''' ,'''I'm very supportive of women getting to a place in life when it's right for them to start a family. It's important for women to take their time to come into their own. I only want to say we might not have as much time as we think we have.''' ,'''As any mother knows, we just want our babies to feel better quickly, and we all do whatever we have to do to help them - no matter how much it inconveniences us or hurts our backs!''' ,'''I don't want to treat my little girl like she's made out of glass or wrap her in bubble wrap or anything! And I also don't want to be constantly correcting her or warning her. Or my least favorite, reprimanding her.''' ,'''I feel for all the parents whose babies just keep waking up for years. My heart and back go out to you guys! You are my heroes, and I am not fit to walk in your shoes!''' ,]
+++