+++
author = "Analeigh Tipton"
title = "Analeigh Tipton Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Analeigh Tipton Quotes"
keywords = "analeigh tipton,analeigh tipton quotes,analeigh tipton quote,analeigh tipton sayings,analeigh tipton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I kind of do this awkward body language because, growing up, I had a really hard time expressing myself vocally.''' ,'''I am not graceful.''' ,'''I moved to L.A. to write and direct. I had no intentions of being in front of the camera.''' ,'''I'm not a fighter. If there's something going on that I really feel strongly about, I'll certainly stand up but I pick my battles.''' ,'''I don't really believe in regret or mistakes. I try to take everything as it is, be comfortable with myself.''' ,'''The life of a working model in L.A. kind of sucks.''' ,'''To me, it's a little odd to ever think 'model into actor.' I modeled once. I was about as far from a decent model as you can possibly be. I did not enjoy the world at all. I fell in my stilettos quite a bit.''' ,'''There's a lot of things I nerd out over. Quantum Mechanics. I also love Dungeons and Dragons. I want to be an astronaut.''' ,'''I dress like a boy most of the time because I like what's comfortable, so sometimes when I have to wear dresses and makeup, it's kind of comedic.''' ,'''I'm a big music person. I compare a lot of my emotions to how something sounds.''' ,'''I went to USC for writing. I was judgmental of actors and their Starbucks and fancy cars.''' ,'''My favorite band is probably The Cure. We can throw Talking Heads in there too, I listen to them a lot. But The Cure.''' ,'''I dress like a boy most of the time because I like what's comfortable, so sometimes when I have to wear dresses and makeup, it's kind of comedic. I take lots of pictures on my cell phone: 'Look, I'm dressed like a girl! Surprise!'''' ,'''When you're acting, you're a person. When you're modeling, you're a hanger.''' ,]
+++