+++
author = "Jennifer Tilly"
title = "Jennifer Tilly Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Jennifer Tilly Quotes"
keywords = "jennifer tilly,jennifer tilly quotes,jennifer tilly quote,jennifer tilly sayings,jennifer tilly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had a problem with cops pulling me over all the time for speeding. When I was doing Hill Street Blues, the cops said how much they loved the show as they were writing me up; meanwhile my insurance went through the roof.''' ,'''I met my boyfriend, a pro poker player, at a tournament. He tried to dissuade me because it's a seedy gritty world. Listen, I've played till 4 in the morning. I've played with a half million dollars on the table.''' ,'''That Hollywood thing, where everybody hugs and kisses everybody else - I always stiffen. It's an assumed familiarity. It's phony.''' ,'''If I was like some of the characters I played, I'd probably be dead by now.''' ,'''Everybody knows that love goes away.''' ,'''A way you can get really good abs in film is you get your makeup artist to paint shadows - faux washboard. But if you see me in a movie and I have great abs, it means I have a great body double.''' ,'''I still haven't made a film that defines who I am.''' ,'''If you have Julia Roberts in a movie you're never really afraid for her because you know she's not going to die.''' ,'''I have my cards read every time I pass a tarot-reader booth. I would be so embarrassed to have one of those 900 numbers appear on my phone bill, because I don't know how I would explain it to my business manager. It would almost be like saying, 'Okay, I'm white trash.'''' ,'''I would rather be loved by somebody who respected me.''' ,'''Everyone said that if you want to be a real actor, go to New York. If you want to sell out, go to LA. And I thought - I want to sell out!''' ,'''I have to tell you, I'm not like Demi Moore, where the tears trickle prettily down my cheeks. My whole face screws up and it's like, 'Oh please, get a room.'''' ,'''My mother had all these maxims - like, classy girls never chew gum, never read comic books, never get their ears pierced, never get their hair dyed.''' ,'''I won $100,000 in Vegas, which buys furniture for my beach house. That takes nerves. You can't think if I'm wrong I'll blow $30,000.''' ,]
+++