+++
author = "Kelsey Chow"
title = "Kelsey Chow Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Kelsey Chow Quotes"
keywords = "kelsey chow,kelsey chow quotes,kelsey chow quote,kelsey chow sayings,kelsey chow saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''Pair of Kings' is so much fun, literally. It is a very physical show with loads of stunts and green screen work, and you never know what great adventure is ahead of you! It's also a nice change in terms of being of similar ages to Doc Shaw and Mitchel Musso.''' ,'''I'm very lucky to have a strong support system with my friends and my family. They have kept me grounded.''' ,''''Run' is exciting, about family secrets, the mystery surrounding them and the outdoor sport of parkour. The story itself is full of intrigue and action, but the parkour takes the story to another level. It was an absolutely incredible experience, working with experts from all over the country.''' ,'''I enjoyed the drama of 'One Tree Hill,' and the opportunity to be one of the comedic aspects, initially.''' ,'''I definitely want to study global health. Right now I'm working on all the prerequisite core curriculum that Columbia has. So getting all of that out of the way. And I definitely want to pursue something along the lines of public health.''' ,'''The more you love a person, you more you should respect that person. Encourage her to be the best she can be, and you'll both be happier.''' ,'''My 94-year-old grandmother has always been so inspiring to me. She is kind, smart, brave, and independent. After graduating number one in her medical school class at a time when it was extremely rare for women to attend medical school, she worked with the World Health Organization in North Africa to eradicate tuberculosis.''' ,'''I like vintage dresses that I can just slip on.''' ,'''I was really young when I started on 'One Tree Hill,' and the encouragement from my friends and family has been crucial in my development as an actress. I'm also continuously surprised and humbled by the kindness and generosity of the fans.''' ,'''I want to do roles that will challenge me. I'm definitely interested in period pieces. But I definitely don't want to limit myself. I'm very open to different roles.''' ,'''I love mixing prints. The costume designer for 'Pair of Kings' and I have actually incorporated the trend for my character 'Mikayla.'''' ,'''I wish I could read minds. It's a dangerous superpower, so I'd wish for it to come with a switch where I could turn it off if I wanted to. You'd learn a lot about people, that's for sure!''' ,'''When you're young, you don't think about your career or your future - you perform because you love it.''' ,''''One Tree Hill' was my first television experience, so naturally I was nervous initially. There is no rehearsal, you get your script a few days ahead, and you work. I was also the youngest actor, 13, on set at that time, but it was amazing to be able to 'learn the ropes' with such a supportive group of people.''' ,'''I've always wanted to work with Sean Connery - there's something about his style, and his calm, cool demeanor that I find intriguing.''' ,''''One Tree Hill' will always be very, very special to me. It was my first television show. And my first gig in the business. It was surreal. I booked the role when I was 13. I had just started high school, and literally, I think, a week into high school, I found out I got the role. It was unimaginable! I learned so much from that show.''' ,'''It's fun to get away from myself for a while when I take on these roles that have very different personalities from my own. I get to say things I normally wouldn't say or act in ways I normally wouldn't act. After all, such roles are more challenging because you really have to immerse yourself in the character.''' ,''''The Wine of Summer' is a beautiful film about love lost and found, and the complexities of life while discovering who you are. It was filmed primarily in and around Barcelona, and the imagery is breathtaking.''' ,'''Dance and theatre afforded me the opportunity to discover my passion for acting, for telling stories.''' ,'''I enjoy having the ability to play a variety of ethnicities. Being ethnically ambiguous allows me to explore many roles, and I enjoy being free to be whoever I want to be.''' ,]
+++