+++
author = "Jermall Charlo"
title = "Jermall Charlo Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jermall Charlo Quotes"
keywords = "jermall charlo,jermall charlo quotes,jermall charlo quote,jermall charlo sayings,jermall charlo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've worked very hard throughout my career. I haven't been given anything.''' ,'''George Foreman is back and he's in the middleweight division. That's the way I feel about fighting in my hometown.''' ,'''The Toyota Center is a great place for us to fight, with us being from Houston. We love Los Angeles, too. The fans are always great. Anywhere they put us, we'll make it work. Brooklyn is definitely one of our favorite places to fight, though.''' ,'''We wouldn't have anything to prove fighting each other. And I'm pretty sure the fans and the people around the world wouldn't want to see twin brothers that train with each other and have the same tactics fight each other. So I'm not really entertaining the fact that a lot of people have been asking will me and my twin brother fight each other. No.''' ,'''Jermell and I made a similar agreement to each other that we will take to whatever division we grow into and hold titles there.''' ,'''Houston deserves a champion, and I want them to know they have one in Jermall Charlo.''' ,'''It's not like it's a competition; it's almost like mirror motivation. My twin brother's always pushing me to get better and better, and I'm doing the same thing for him.''' ,'''I'm working with Al Haymon, who is the best in boxing and he manages my career, and every time I fight he tells me, 'Look, you're only getting better and better, smarter and smarter, keep trying and one day we're going to get that big shot.' And sure enough, it happened.''' ,'''No matter what, people have to respect my accomplishments.''' ,'''I got the best jab in the business and I'm going to keep using it because it's feeding my family.''' ,'''Every fight is tough.''' ,'''I want to make it to the top. I'm going to be the best in boxing. And as far as me and my brother being together, we're going to be the best together.''' ,'''I'm a real champion.''' ,'''You don't know how to take losses. It's tough.''' ,'''As long as I keep doing what I'm doing, I'll get the fights I need and get the legacy that I always dreamed of.''' ,'''I'm not an easy fight for anyone.''' ,'''I love y'all, Houston.''' ,'''Moving forward at 160 pounds, I feel like this where I should have been the whole time.''' ,'''I try not to let anyone outwork me in the ring or in the gym.''' ,'''It was great being the first twins to win titles in the same division, and I'm so proud of my brother. I knew he could get the job done.''' ,'''There's only one H-Town.''' ,'''Lions only forever.''' ,'''I always look at it like favor isn't fair.''' ,'''I plan to take care of business at 160 just like I did at 154.''' ,'''The key to my boxing is my lateral movement. I keep moving side to side and keep pumping my jab and right hand.''' ,'''I'm here to fight whoever. You have to make the right decisions and do it at the right time. That's what it's all about.''' ,'''The idea of being a two-time world champion is a big goal for me.''' ,'''It's great to be headlining a big show with my twin brother in Brooklyn.''' ,'''I watched Floyd growing up and I never thought I'd be able to meet Floyd. I've been on some of his undercards and I've watched his skills, watched his demeanor. Floyd is one of the best fighters to ever step in the boxing ring.''' ,'''Leading up to this fight Julian Williams talked, and I held it in. I did what I had to do to become the champion of the world and I deserve my respect. He disrespected me all the way up to the fight. I said I don't want your congratulations, I want your apology. I don't care what they say, I knocked him out.''' ,'''Although I do have advantages in the division, 154 pounds is getting kind of tough to make.''' ,'''I'm a strong fighter but I never look for the knockout.''' ,'''It's just part of the game that we just have to get used to. Sometimes it goes our way, sometimes it don't. But it's still a sport, and you want to be undefeated.''' ,'''Centeno needs a fight like me on his resume, so I have to be on my A-game to shut his gameplan down.''' ,'''My goal is to show everybody that I'm the best middleweight in the world.''' ,'''Canelo has done a great job of being a champion so I have to take my hat off to Canelo. GGG has done so, as well.''' ,'''I'm a grown man, a professional, and a world champion.''' ,'''Me and my twin brother, we always going to ride with each other. We always going to be down for each other, no matter which way it turns.''' ,'''I'm best at my jab and counter movement.''' ,'''I'm a real lion and I'm going to show it.''' ,'''We prayed before we left the house no matter what.''' ,'''I made it through 2019 and we're going to 2020 with 20/20 vision.''' ,'''A lot of fighters don't like to critique other fighters because this is a fighting sport. But just like when you have good days and bad days, we are OK to talk about it. It's not so bad for me and my twin brother to critique each other because we have been criticized by everyone else too.''' ,'''Derevyanchenko is a come forward fighter. He's going to bring a lot of power and speed with good technical skills. He calls himself 'The Technician' but we'll see how technical he is once I start putting my jab in his face.''' ,'''Korobov is a different kind of fighter than Willie Monroe, but I am prepared to fight against any style.''' ,'''I never go for the knockout, but the knockout comes because I train as hard as I do.''' ,'''I'm actually more focused on beating Heiland than I've probably been even in fighting Trout.''' ,'''I'm ready for whatever and whoever.''' ,'''I'm the best middleweight in the world.''' ,'''I'm a lot more comfortable knowing that like the body frame, like these 160-pounders, I'm still a lot bigger than those guys. I'm stronger, I'm faster.''' ,'''We are going to work it out and one day, me and Canelo will fight.''' ,'''I'm a clean boxer. You don't have to worry about any dirty tactics.''' ,'''The goal is just to get better and better and expand in different weight divisions and continue to be successful.''' ,'''I'm in no rush to be the one of the greats. I am one of the greats. I consider myself to be one of the greats of my division.''' ,'''My brother and I like to swim. We've been doing that our whole lives. Swimming and jump rope are two of the main things we do.''' ,'''No fighter Jermall Charlo fights will ever be the same after we fight.''' ,'''Only way to be a star is to beat a star.''' ,'''I'm telling those other middleweights to buckle your seatbelts. It's lift off. Everyone that doubted me, everyone who wants a chance, you'll get your turn. I'm running the show. You just stay locked in.''' ,'''I'm steady learning and growing and stepping up in competition.''' ,'''Every kid growing up who takes to boxing, their goal is to win a belt. I've been doing this since I was eight years old.''' ,'''Fighters like Broner and Gervonta want all of the spotlight and when they see another fighter getting that natural spotlight, they seem to get aggravated or frustrated about it unless you are a part of their camp. I don't care what they say about us or try to bring out to the table.''' ,'''I worked my whole life to become a world champion.''' ,'''I'm very competitive.''' ,'''Every fight is a hard fight, so I don't judge a fight until you get in there and get done with it.''' ,'''Me and my brother are both hungry. We want the fans and everyone to know that we're the best in the world.''' ,'''Willie Monroe is one of those fighters that will get me to the level I need to for all those great fights. And believe me, we'll get them.''' ,'''We're two different people, and we're two different fighters in the ring. You can look at my tattoos and say, 'Oh that's Jermall.' Our tattoos separate and identify my brother and I.''' ,'''I think having even more patience in the ring is going to help step my game up even higher.''' ,'''I'm so proud of my brother.''' ,'''Golovkin and Alvarez are two of the most attractive fighters in boxing and they're in my division.''' ,'''You have to make the right decisions and make it at the right time.''' ,'''I feel like an elite fighter. I have an elite team behind me.''' ,'''Centeno is a tough fighter. He'll be a hard test for someone who isn't at my level. I'm not taking anything away from him, but he's just another fighter that's in my way.''' ,'''My twin brother is the same build as me, same strength as me. We've been through the same thing.''' ,'''I haven't fought with crystal-clear vision my whole life.''' ,'''I want to prove I'm the best junior middleweight in the world.''' ,'''Staying focused is key. You have to focus on your opponent and make sure you're training right so your body and mind are ready.''' ,'''I'm not taking him lightly at all. I mean, Heiland, he's a good fighter. He's strong. He comes to fight every time.''' ,'''Everybody has a job to do when they get up in the morning and mine is to go and fight.''' ,'''You get the title, you defend it. That's the motto.''' ,'''We really be grinding and training every day.''' ,'''All my life I've always wanted to be a world champion.''' ,'''I'm in love with my jab. I use it to get started, then use different punches from my arsenal to finish.''' ,'''I guess I fight better in the cold.''' ,'''The faster you try to move in the water, the faster you'll move when you're out of the water.''' ,'''I'm going to keep fighting everyone they put in front of me. I'm going to knock them out one-by-one until Canelo or Golovkin have to face me.''' ,'''Nobody else is going to draw the attention that the Charlo twins will.''' ,'''I really love fighting in Brooklyn and at Barclays Center. The fans in Brooklyn always show me a lot of love.''' ,'''The whole world understands that I can fight in there with the best of them.''' ,'''We differ in our speed. My brother always had more power than I did in the amateurs. He would punch for power and I would punch for speed. But as we turned pro and we developed with each other, we became more alike. I use a little more power now than I used to.''' ,'''If I'm the best in the world and if I have the best jab in the world, why not risk a little bit of that for someone who needs it?''' ,'''Carlos Molina is a great fighter. He's a world champion. I give him all the credit for even just choosing me to fight him and giving me the opportunity. I'm going to be well-prepared, well-disciplined in the ring when it's time to go.''' ,'''Danny Jacobs as a father, as a man - he takes care of his kids and his community and everything he has been through. I have always kind of like had a little respect for him.''' ,'''I've had a lot of hard fights.''' ,'''Everything happens for a reason.''' ,'''Every fighter has their own type of cardio workout they like to do.''' ,'''Austin Trout is just a name to me. He beat Cotto, so what?''' ,'''Obviously, I want the big fights.''' ,'''Maybe by me delivering statements, I'll get the fight I deserve. And the only way I can deliver that is keep fighting top competition and being explosive.''' ,'''I want to fight the best in the world, so hopefully they're up for the challenge.''' ,]
+++