+++
author = "Hollis Stacy"
title = "Hollis Stacy Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Hollis Stacy Quotes"
keywords = "hollis stacy,hollis stacy quotes,hollis stacy quote,hollis stacy sayings,hollis stacy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was a little girl in Savannah playing, there were never enough hours in the day or holes on the golf course. I just loved the game so much.''' ,'''Why do we work so hard to feel so terrible.''' ,'''I can't see anyone coming out, because the players feel it is no one's business. We all stick together. We're a very tight group. It would be too hard for just one person to do, too stressful. And why should it make a difference? The LPGA is about golf.''' ,'''Coming from a big family, I learned a lot. Things don't have to be perfect. You can do okay with 'almost.'''' ,'''Have a blast while you last.''' ,'''The LPGA is basically corporate America's dinner party, and they can invite whomever they want. They're not ready for people getting up and making declarations. The bottom line is corporate America is pretty homophobic.''' ,'''I was a hotshot as a junior. When I was 18, I really got into fiddling around. I completely lost interest in golf, and I guess all I could think about was going to college, getting married and having babies.''' ,'''I have lived the American dream in every aspect, and now I hope to make a very big impact in helping the planet.''' ,'''The competition I played against was fantastic, but golf is a different game now. The courses have shrunk because the equipment has gotten better. They're hitting the ball 10 to 15 percent farther because of the changes in the golf ball.''' ,'''I think people feel threatened by homosexuality. The problem isn't about gay people, the problem is about the attitude towards gay people. People think that all gays are Hannibal Lecters. But gay people are sons and daughters, politicians and doctors, American heroes and daughters of American heroes.''' ,'''Women's golf definitely hit a bump in the road. We lost some tournaments due to a combination of things led by the downturn in the economy.''' ,'''When I get on a course that's not very good, that's not tough, I fall asleep. Mentally I must be lazy, like a little kid, but I always seem to do well when there's a tough situation.''' ,'''The Internet is a game changer. I'm hopeful I can make a contribution by providing a way to learn about the game of golf free of charge.''' ,]
+++