+++
author = "Fred Funk"
title = "Fred Funk Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Fred Funk Quotes"
keywords = "fred funk,fred funk quotes,fred funk quote,fred funk sayings,fred funk saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I still pinch myself that I had the career that I had.''' ,'''Augusta is a very unique golf course. It's a long hitters' course; main reason is because the greens are so severe, and the areas where they put the pin is such a small area. The little plateaus and undulations mean it's incredibly important to be close to that pin so you can be aggressive.''' ,'''I'm not here just to walk two rounds or four rounds and just show up. I want to be able to be competitive, and I truly believe I can still be competitive when I'm playing well and feeling good.''' ,'''We have two tractor-trailer rigs on the Tour. One is a therapy truck, and one is a workout truck. If everything is going well, you're walking in the workout truck, and when things aren't going well, you're walking in the therapy truck.''' ,'''The PGA Tour has a lot of interaction with our military, and I've grown to have an incredible respect for our troops who are coming home with these horrific injuries, as well as any organization that can not only help them get healed up, but help them get integrated back into society.''' ,'''A couple of weeks before the 1992 Houston Open, I was probably as low as I could get confidence-wise. I didn't think I was going to go any further, and then, out of nowhere, I won that week. That kind of got me going.''' ,'''Stryker was a company that allowed me, when I had my knee replaced and I got the Stryker GetAroundKnee put in, to get my career back and get my life back.''' ,'''I would agree to some extent that on the Champions Tour that there is a greater premium on putting than the regular tour because of the course setups.''' ,'''I don't want to rest on my laurels. I still feel like I'm learning a lot about the golf game and the swing. There are so many different little facets of golf that there is always something to learn.''' ,'''People are going to paying attention to him whether they love him or hate him. So I think Tiger is a huge focus point on a stage that is as little as golf.''' ,'''You worked your paper route, mowed the lawn, then played golf all day.''' ,'''I had never heard of staph until I got it. Didn't really know what was. Still don't really know what it is, but I know you just don't want to have it.''' ,'''I'm going to be wearing the Stryker hat because I'm a walking testimonial to the fact that you can get your knee replaced and still play at a really high level and get your life back.''' ,'''My career progressed slowly. Real slow at a time. The irony of it was I had the best part of my career between when I was 45 and 49 years old. That's when most people are in their twilight, waiting to get to the Champions Tour. And that's when I made most of my hay.''' ,'''I don't want to go out there and show up. I hate losing. Everybody hates losing. But I hate losing.''' ,'''I would say that my downswing mirrors the path of my backswing pretty closely.''' ,]
+++