+++
author = "Joe Mantegna"
title = "Joe Mantegna Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Joe Mantegna Quotes"
keywords = "joe mantegna,joe mantegna quotes,joe mantegna quote,joe mantegna sayings,joe mantegna saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a character actor so I've jumped around to all kinds of things.''' ,'''I've loved it, but I have a wife and two children.''' ,'''You learn that not all things fall into a certain kind of pattern that can be predictable and that can be understandable and that's going to be easy, you know.''' ,'''There's good and evil going on. We have cops. We have robbers.''' ,'''For every Mother Teresa, there's a Jeffrey Dahmer.''' ,'''That's why I really don't play cards or gamble. Because I'd crack.''' ,'''If at the end of the day, people look at it and say, oh, yeah, I liked his stuff, or for the most part I liked his stuff, or I've enjoyed watching some of the things he's done, that's all I can hope for.''' ,'''But what I will do is I'll acknowledge it and if it can be of any help the fact that I do acknowledge it then maybe other people will benefit from it because I do have somewhat of a public forum being in the line of work I am.''' ,'''I've spent the better part of the last twenty-five years doing a lot of traveling.''' ,'''I reached that day that I always thought might happen, where I say to myself I don't want to do this anymore. I'm looking for some stability. I want to stay home.''' ,'''They put me in the drama class, and that's the path I've taken.''' ,'''When they were small and my wife really had no other responsibilities, except taking care of the family and all of us, it wasn't that big a deal. It was fun. Hey, we're going to Moscow. We're going to Italy. We're going to Toronto. We're going to New York.''' ,'''I mean, believe me, I'm not for censorship.''' ,'''I mean, it's the life lessons that I suppose you learn that nobody gets a free ride and that you do the best you can with the means that you can and try to open yourself to as much knowledge and all that that you can.''' ,'''You know the way I play golf, it's a good I do these things for charities.''' ,'''I'm in the wrong racket if I didn't want a public life.''' ,'''I wouldn't be surprised if some day, they put the Simpsons in the Smithsonian. It's become part of our culture, those characters.''' ,'''When I played Dean Martin, he was dead when we made the movie but there would have been nothing better than to spend a week with Dean Martin if I could have.''' ,'''For the last thirty years in my career I never know what I'm doing next.''' ,'''Whenever you're going to play a real person, you run the risk of well, everybody in the world kind of has an image of what that person is and who he should be and so you really have to do your homework.''' ,'''If you're going to believe in a God, then you also have to equally believe that there's a flip side to this.''' ,'''Dean Martin is one of my heroes.''' ,'''You talk to the real cops and they say ninety percent of it is paperwork.''' ,'''There are a lot of people who will come to me for advice or whatever.''' ,'''But we're still in somewhat a Puritanical society in a lot of ways.''' ,'''I did plays and movies and whatever all over the place.''' ,'''There's now a Fat Tony doll, which cracks me up. But you feel honored that they asked you to do a voice.''' ,]
+++