+++
author = "Marcelo"
title = "Marcelo Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Marcelo Quotes"
keywords = "marcelo,marcelo quotes,marcelo quote,marcelo sayings,marcelo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The best come to Madrid and I would love to play with Neymar.''' ,'''It is very complicated to play here at Camp Nou.''' ,'''Zizou was very good to me as he was a professional, and I did everything for him; I ran, I fought, I played injured. Practically, I gave everything for Zidane.''' ,'''Real have given me everything, just like Fluminense did when I began my career.''' ,'''I've been working since I was 17, when I started playing for Fluminense, which helped me a lot, I grew a lot there and even more at Real Madrid.''' ,'''The most difficult opponent is Neymar.''' ,'''Cristiano always works hard, he's a top professional with a huge desire to learn and help the team.''' ,'''Benitez is an amazing coach, very competetive.''' ,'''Way back as a child playing football on the beach, you dream of being a player representing your national team on the big stage - and now I get to be the captain. It's something money can't buy.''' ,'''When the best team loses it is a failure.''' ,'''It costs to win, you need patience.''' ,'''If you go in with intensity and fight for the ball it gives you more confidence in the game and you can play better.''' ,'''Having Neymar at Real Madrid would be a huge pleasure. Madrid have to do everything to sign the best players in the world and his past at Barcelona would not be a problem.''' ,'''I have always said and I am going to keep saying, Raul is an example for everyone. It's not necessary for me to praise him because the fans can see for themselves how incredible he is infront of goal.''' ,'''Roberto Carlos has always been my idol, even before I actually met him.''' ,'''I'm always trying to get better.''' ,'''I go to work with humility and I don't give my opinion about the way other people work.''' ,'''Being captain of Real Madrid is an honour and a big responsibility.''' ,'''I've always been motivated and I've never lost my smile.''' ,'''When I arrived, Madrid taught me to fight until the end. You win the finals. I've learned a lot with Real Madrid about this.''' ,'''I had a very good relationship with Cristiano, his family and his girlfriend.''' ,'''Would Neymar fit at Real Madrid? He would fit, for sure. It would be great if he came to Real Madrid. In my opinion the great players have to play at this club.''' ,'''I know that Dani Alves is a very good player and I always enjoying playing against him.''' ,'''You always have to play with desire at Real Madrid.''' ,'''I would prefer to win not playing well than to lose while doing so.''' ,'''Leave? Only if Madrid throw me out. I want to stay in Madrid, I want to continue my life in Madrid.''' ,'''I want to be at Madrid for many years.''' ,'''He is a world star. Every fan would like to have Neymar in their team.''' ,'''In my head I always had the idea of giving my best and playing for the Selecao.''' ,'''Everyone expects a lot of things from El Clasico.''' ,'''It is easy to play with Cristiano Ronaldo. He knows where he has to give you the ball and does it perfectly. He helps the team out in defence and on top of that provides assists and great passes.''' ,'''I'm eager to keep improving in every match and every training session.''' ,'''One day you're on top and the next day everyone is putting you down but for me Zidane is the best trainer in the world.''' ,'''Traveling for club football wasn't very realistic for my family. Maybe people in America or England won't understand this, but gasoline in Brazil, especially back when I was a kid, was very, very expensive.''' ,'''Ancelotti has allowed us to enjoy the games and also to improvise.''' ,'''We know what Cristiano brings to Madrid. He deserves a lot of credit for all he's done at Madrid and we know that when he has to show up, he does so.''' ,'''I enjoy every moment of playing for Real Madrid and naturally, I give it everything I've got. I do all I can to make sure the fans enjoy the football and that Madrid are always at the top, which is where they belong.''' ,'''The history of Real Madrid is impressive, and Cristiano Ronaldo added a piece more to the history of this club, but Real Madrid can't stop. The player changes club, stops playing, retires and Real Madrid will still be here.''' ,'''To be at Real Madrid, it means that you're a mature player, even if you're very young.''' ,'''I wanted little kids in Brazil to look at me like I used to look at Roberto Carlos. I wanted them to start growing their hair out because of Marcelo, you know?''' ,'''People want to see Madrid win and we will always try.''' ,'''I look for a goal and I try to keep my focus on it.''' ,'''I've read that some people believe I don't respect the fans' opinions, but that is not true.''' ,'''We know that Morata always has been a great player.''' ,'''Everyone knows what Cristiano is like. He is not obsessed with beating records, but rather he aims to help the team to win.''' ,'''The Brazilian team is made up of great players who are also great friends.''' ,'''When the fans whistle, it's clear that you have to change something and the fans have every right to do it.''' ,'''Cristiano is a fantastic player, maybe the best. For me it is a great honour to play with him. You just have to pass him the ball and he does the rest.''' ,'''Football demands patience. Keep working and you will be rewarded.''' ,'''Zidane is a great coach. We are with him until death.''' ,'''For me, nothing bad can happen on a football pitch. You could be growing up in chaos, everything could be going crazy around you, but if you have a ball at your feet, you stop thinking. Everything is quiet, peaceful.''' ,'''There are some days when the ball doesn't want go in, but our goal is to win every game.''' ,'''I used to go to the beach everyday in Rio!''' ,'''I am a professional who works hard every day to improve and I work for my club, my family and my fans.''' ,'''Lots of people hide behind social media to spread ridiculous rumours and cause problems where they don't exist.''' ,'''I feel a lot of love for Real because for me it is the biggest club in the world and my home.''' ,'''Playing with Neymar is completely different to playing against him.''' ,'''The Brazilian national team will always be special in the career of every player. Only those who make it by here can imagine what it feels like to see your name in the squad.''' ,'''Leaving Madrid has never crossed my mind, I trust myself more than any other person and there is no reason to leave.''' ,'''I trust in myself, in my work, but if the day comes when Madrid do not want me, I'm going.''' ,'''I always try to do my best.''' ,'''People always want to talk about Cristiano. He always works a lot. For many people he is the best in the world, but many try to take away that merit.''' ,'''Life is made up of challenges.''' ,'''Mourinho has taught me to be especially aggressive on the pitch, and now I'm going crazy trying to win every ball.''' ,'''Real Madrid grow in finals. We have a mentality for this kind of match and at the end you see your friend giving everything and you have to give it too.''' ,'''I'd love to play for Botafogo one day, it would be incredible.''' ,'''The people of Madrid are very affectionate with me and the fans are usually nice to me at the stadium.''' ,'''I still remember the first time I stepped out on the pitch at the Bernabeu. It was a spectacular moment - from another world.''' ,'''Even the good things don't go to my head and I don't let the bad things affect me.''' ,'''Whistles are part of football. It can't all be wonderful.''' ,'''Eden's a top player.''' ,'''Ronaldo is a machine.''' ,'''Every season brings new challenges and we always need to give our best.''' ,'''I have known Casemiro for a very long time and in those years he has gained a lot of experience.''' ,'''Real Madrid are favourites in every championship and in every game, but we will stay humble in order to earn a victory.''' ,'''As athletes, it is our responsibility to be role models. But we are not superheroes.''' ,'''We know that Xabi Alonso has done a lot for Real Madrid, but this is Real and when a good player leaves, another good player comes in.''' ,'''Penalties are like the lottery and you miss them when luck is not on your side.''' ,'''When I first got to Madrid, Cannavaro helped me loosen up a lot. The rule was that I could attack as long as I sprinted back. But if I was late? Man, then it got real. The man could yell.''' ,'''Pepe is a phenomenal player, everyone knows that.''' ,'''I think the Real fans would love to watch Neymar playing for Real Madrid.''' ,'''Neymar and Ronaldo are great players, that can score in decisive games.''' ,'''I am delighted with the fans at the Bernabeu.''' ,'''Since I joined Real Madrid I was taught to fight for the team.''' ,'''There are a lot of people who come to the Bernabeu who want to frustrate us, but that's normal.''' ,'''I help where I can, but I am a left-winger.''' ,'''If we can win playing well then that's great but the most important thing is to get the victory.''' ,'''I don't care who you are, if you're not feeling anxious before playing in a final, you're not a real person. I don't care who you are.''' ,'''Madrid is a club that gives big players what they need.''' ,'''It's hard to play when you're whistled but you have to train like Benzema does, face it like he does.''' ,'''Neymar is an unpredictable player. When defending when you have anticipated something, he has already thought of something else and it's impossible to defend.''' ,'''I love going to the theatre.''' ,'''Paul Pogba is a revelation and my idol is Lillian Thuram. I'm inspired by the best and he was always a quick and safe defender.''' ,'''At Real Madrid you have to fight until the end.''' ,'''Cristiano is not obsessed with scoring goals. Goals always come in the end when he works hard and the team works hard, too.''' ,'''Playing with Kaka is easy, as is Raul. They are very intelligent and they know what to do at each moment. With these types of players, with such quality, it is easy to get in tune with.''' ,'''Cristiano and Messi are different. Each one has their own history and credit.''' ,'''Everyone wants to talk about Ronaldo. I see him work every day and I think he's the best.''' ,'''Luckily, my grandfather was willing to sacrifice everything for me.''' ,'''Until I was 16 years old, I didn't even know there was a Champions League.''' ,]
+++