+++
author = "Nicole Krauss"
title = "Nicole Krauss Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Nicole Krauss Quotes"
keywords = "nicole krauss,nicole krauss quotes,nicole krauss quote,nicole krauss sayings,nicole krauss saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I read like an animal. I read under the covers, I read lying in the grass, I read at the dinner table. While other people were talking to me, I read.''' ,'''I take almost no notes when I write. I have one notebook - this old green leather notebook that my dad gave me a decade ago.''' ,'''I used to think that if I had a choice between writing well and living well, I would choose the former. But now I think that's sheer lunacy. Writing weighs so much less, in the great cosmic equation, than living.''' ,'''I am always coming up with architectural metaphors when I think about writing. But I think one of the things that draw us to literature is that it gives us this very attractive illusion that there is meaning in the world - things connect.''' ,'''Getting a book published made me feel a little bit sad. I felt driven by the need to write a book, rather than the need to write. I needed to figure out what was important to me as a writer.''' ,'''I think of novels as houses. You live in them over the course of a long period, both as a reader and as a writer.''' ,'''My first novel, 'Man Walks Into a Room,' is about a man who's lost his memory and has to start a second life. On one level, it's about how we create a coherent sense of self.''' ,'''The accolades, just like the scrapes and bruises, fade in the end, and all you're left with is your ambition.''' ,'''To me, this is the singular privilege of reading literature: we are allowed to step into another's life.''' ,'''I have realised just how important it is to readers to feel that fictional stories are based on reality.''' ,'''The more freedom I allow myself as a writer to wander, become lost and go into uncertain territory - and I am always trying to go to the more awkward place, the more difficult place - the more frightening it is, because I have no plan.''' ,'''I'm the opposite of someone like David Grossman, who knows how his characters walk, and how they smell. I don't allow myself to imagine what mine look like at all. My sense of them comes from the inside. They remain, by necessity, physically vague in my mind.''' ,'''I have always written about characters who fall somewhere in the spectrum between solitary and totally alienated.''' ,'''What interests me in writing a novel is taking really remote voices, characters, and stories and beginning to create some kind of web.''' ,'''You can't imagine how hard I am on myself. Nothing pummels me like my own doubts, the feeling of how far I still have to go.''' ,'''I'm very interested in structure, how multiple stories are assembled in different ways; that is what memory does as well.''' ,'''To hike out alone in the desert; to sleep on the valley floor on a night with no moon, in the pitch black, just listening to the boom of silence: you can't imagine what that's like.''' ,'''I always wrote little things when I was younger. My first opus was a book of poems put down in a spiral notebook at five or six, handsomely accompanied by crayon illustrations.''' ,'''That powers my desire to write: the sense of how quickly everything on the surface of life can be cut away and you can suddenly be inside the most inner part of the most inner life of a person. What does it feel like there, and what are the regrets and sensations and longings, and what is the music of it?''' ,'''When the word 'nostalgia' was coined in the 18th century, it was used to describe a pathology - not so much a sense of lost time, but a severe homesickness.''' ,'''If the book is a mystery to its author as she's writing, inevitably it's going to be a mystery to the reader as he or she reads it.''' ,]
+++