+++
author = "Govinda"
title = "Govinda Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Govinda Quotes"
keywords = "govinda,govinda quotes,govinda quote,govinda sayings,govinda saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's no alternative to hard work.''' ,'''I am not that kind of a person who can written off.''' ,'''I am not worried about failure. I have made my career in this industry, so it does not scare me.''' ,'''If you know that you've given the right upbringing and knowledge to your children, you have already won half the battle.''' ,'''It was my dad who encouraged me to come into films.''' ,'''When I was late for shoots and press meets, my films did well.''' ,'''I have many dear friends in the film industry, but finally, the roles come to me on merit, not because of personal equations.''' ,'''I don't think the failure of one film means the end of your career.''' ,'''I feel like covering my children's eyes when they watch television. It's better that they spend their time doing something constructive.''' ,'''I have always listened to elders in my life.''' ,'''I want to be associated with good entertainment.''' ,'''It's a tough job being a politician.''' ,'''Jaipur is the hometown of my religious guruji. It has a special place in my heart, and I have been here several times.''' ,'''I'm attracted to everything, and that's what keeps my mind alive always.''' ,'''It doesn't make a difference to anybody if I accept or quit a film.''' ,'''Nobody is allowed to make money by defaming me. I may forgive, but I'll never forget.''' ,'''Each person creates boundaries and walls around the self - this often keeps even happiness at bay.''' ,'''I don't think much about how my past films have performed at the box office.''' ,'''I know that whatever God does is for my betterment.''' ,'''Romantic scenes are a part of Bollywood cinema, and if the script demands some kind of intimacy, I have no issues with my daughter doing those scenes.''' ,'''I have my own ideas when it comes to making cinema. My films should be of my liking and suit my convictions.''' ,'''As a producer, you want your product to reach the maximum people. That has become a system, and to work on it has become a necessity.''' ,'''From a very young age, my dad did not have work, so mummy would look after the house. She would go and sing bhajans and do thumri performances to support the house.''' ,'''In Indian politics, deception seems a byword. I'll have none of that.''' ,'''No one works with an actor or a director for friendship.''' ,'''My mother is responsible for whatever success I have achieved today.''' ,'''If the film is good, it will work whether it has a star or no star.''' ,'''My mother was my world.''' ,'''I don't mind playing even a grandfather provided the role is good.''' ,'''I know there are some powerful people in the industry who don't want me to do well.''' ,'''I chose the Congress for its thoughts, its acceptance of people of all opinions, and its wide perspective. Another reason for joining the party was my family, which is attached to the Congress for a long period of time.''' ,'''If you've been associated and successful with a particular kind of acting for so many years, then it's wise to continue in the same direction.''' ,'''I am the superstar of the masses.''' ,'''My father Arun Ahuja was an actor, and he did films as a hero.''' ,'''The success of 'Bhagam Bhag' was very important.''' ,'''When I believed in astrology and numerology, people made fun of me, but today there are so many channels just dedicated to astrology and numerology. I now regret that I didn't start a channel on this. But then, I am happy in life. I don't dwell upon it.''' ,'''It feels great to know that someone from the younger generation is following me.''' ,'''My approach has always been to work so that I can support my family.''' ,'''I want to get away from my comic image. Not that I won't do any more comic roles, but I won't opt for the usual 'Govinda' type of comedies.''' ,'''All of us start from zero. We take the right decision and become a hero.''' ,'''Nothing comes easy in life, but politics is incredibly difficult.''' ,'''There's a great satisfaction in humanitarian work.''' ,'''Sometimes, you have to sacrifice your talent to please the public.''' ,'''I have realised the importance of being fit and healthy.''' ,'''I think I am a better son than a husband.''' ,'''For anything or anyone to grow, a conducive atmosphere is required.''' ,'''I have a flexible body.''' ,'''Politics was never in our blood and in our family... I will never return to it.''' ,'''Laughter is beyond truth - the ultimate happiness.''' ,'''I was told by many well-wishers not to do the film because my role was just a cameo. But it's very important to be part of big, successful films like 'Holiday.'''' ,'''I tried working with the best of directors and producers. I tried being selective, but things didn't work out. Now, I am open to working with anybody and everybody who is good. Or I'll try to make it good. That suits me.''' ,'''My mother once used to be a Congress leader.''' ,'''I want my son Yash to do better work than me.''' ,'''Music is the life of a film.''' ,'''The people in my family couldn't adjust to the political atmosphere around me. I didn't want my political ambitions to cause stress or trauma for my family. I didn't want any name, fame, or money at the cost of my family.''' ,'''Your writings should reflect wise thoughts.''' ,'''I am a great Nadeem-Shravan fan.''' ,'''An artiste can only be happy when he is true to his art.''' ,'''I have worked with producers like Saif Ali Khan and Salman Khan, and there have never been any complaints about my late-comings.''' ,'''I never planned my movies. I never selected subjects to win the National Award. I did films that made the masses happy.''' ,'''I weighed 107 kilos when 'Sukh' was released. I had become like a South Indian comedian.''' ,'''I look after my body.''' ,'''Dancing comes naturally to me.''' ,'''When I saw 'Shola Aur Shabnam' and 'Aankhen,' I did not anticipate that they would become such hits. They looked like B-plus projects.''' ,'''I have been an actor for more than 125 films now. People see me every day, every hour, be it on TV or in newspapers.''' ,'''I don't get depressed.''' ,'''I think I'm quite okay in 'Bhagam Bhag.'''' ,'''I have no plans of doing a series of 'Raja' films.''' ,'''I've been learning martial arts - nothing specific, as then it becomes one-sided - but basic exercises.''' ,'''I want to get rid of the image that I never turn up on time, because everyone always complains about this habit of mine.''' ,'''Work satisfaction is important to me.''' ,'''I have got into the habit of gyming regularly.''' ,'''I want to do quality work in both cinema and politics.''' ,'''I think and write whenever I want an outlet.''' ,'''When a person thinks that you are not competent enough to do his film or work with him, one should not ask for work from that person.''' ,'''I try to make my wife happy, but I know my efforts aren't enough.''' ,'''My mother inculcated wisdom in us, and I want to preserve her wisdom in writing.''' ,'''I believe every actor gets some chance or the other to show his capability.''' ,'''I've a track record of successful comedy films spread over more than a decade.''' ,'''I was such a mama's boy that no one imagined that I could come into the film line. She wanted me to do a bank job.''' ,'''Happiness cannot have boundaries.''' ,'''A film becomes hit with the equal participation of every actors and crew members.''' ,'''Screen-pair magic doesn't come with two people. It comes with 10 people.''' ,'''I am thankful to my audience, parents, and the media who have supported me over the years.''' ,'''I loved 'Mr & Mrs Iyer.'''' ,'''I do not have any regrets of having joined politics. Though the experience was bitter, even that taught me a lot of things. Only after I entered politics did I realise what it is.''' ,'''People liked my performances in 'Kill Dill' and 'Happy Ending,' but I was hardly there in them.''' ,'''A woman is very sensitive and knows exactly when she is loved or not. Mere words don't work.''' ,'''I don't like it when people act extra-familiar and pretend that they are my best friends when they are actually not.''' ,'''When your work speaks, you don't need to speak at all.''' ,'''By God's grace, 'Abhinay Chakra' has shaped up very well.''' ,'''I don't think a film has ever worked at the box office because of a star.''' ,'''When you join a political party, you are attaching yourself with an organisation of skilled people. And when you work with an organisation, your working capacity becomes double. One can perform better with the help of an organisation to implement their thoughts.''' ,'''I joined politics at the behest of my seniors and considered it my duty to do so.''' ,'''Ranveer Singh and Varun Dhawan both have a body like Salman Khan. But they can't say it. If they call themselves as Salman Khan, then they won't get films. They can't afford to be against Khan. This is how the filmy world works.''' ,'''Working with Jagmohan Mundra was a treat. His sense of humour is incredible.''' ,'''I am doubtful about reuniting with David Dhawan.''' ,'''There are massive camps in Bollywood. I never belonged to any camps, but I think it was a wrong move. I should have had. It affects your career. It's one big family.''' ,'''I entered politics from a filmi background and had no idea about that world. Slowly, I realised that it did not suit me, and that's when I decided to get out of it.''' ,]
+++