+++
author = "Pat Morita"
title = "Pat Morita Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Pat Morita Quotes"
keywords = "pat morita,pat morita quotes,pat morita quote,pat morita sayings,pat morita saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's been a career filled with very low valleys and some wonderful, high peaks.''' ,'''Hip Nip just sounds groovy. A drummer laid it on me.''' ,'''I never was able to do karate. That's calling me a good actor. I act like I can do anything.''' ,'''I still have a young attitude.''' ,'''I began in an era where four-letter words were not allowed.''' ,'''Only in America could you get away with the kind of comedy I did.''' ,'''You may have heard that back in the States there are some people who are smoking grass. I don't know how you feel, but it's sure easier than cutting the stuff.''' ,'''I went from being an ailing child to a public enemy.''' ,'''I've been working on my autobiography, just pecking away in longhand. The more you write, the more you remember. The more you remember, the more detail you recall. It's not all pleasant!''' ,'''A lot happens in 20 years.''' ,'''I'm awkward at these things. Just being nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for Karate Kid was a real surprise and I was a little uncomfortable.''' ,'''The idea of a Japanese comedian was not only a rarity, it was non-existent.''' ,'''I'm in semi-retirement, but what am I going to retire to? I don't ride horses, I don't golf anymore. I shoot a game of pool every now and then.''' ,'''Thanks to the Japanese and Geronimo, John Wayne became a millionaire.''' ,'''I don't know of any other creature on earth other than man that will sit in a corner and cry because of some painful experience in the past.''' ,'''I didn't have a childhood.''' ,]
+++