+++
author = "Andrea Jeremiah"
title = "Andrea Jeremiah Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Andrea Jeremiah Quotes"
keywords = "andrea jeremiah,andrea jeremiah quotes,andrea jeremiah quote,andrea jeremiah sayings,andrea jeremiah saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was a youngster, I and people like us, who are educated and progressive-minded, did not take interest in politics. But then I realised that half of the parliament is being run by politicians with criminal records.''' ,'''I am not supposed to reveal much about my role in 'Thiruppangal.' But I can say that I am playing a journalist. It is a beautiful story, and I have got a meaty role to play. Sharadha Narayanan is shaping up the movie in an interesting manner.''' ,'''It's no big secret that 'thinking' women, since they are already gifted with fully functioning brains, are more than happy to have a yummy not-so-smart man in their lives. All we ask for is a sense of humor, a sense of hygiene, and the sense to not cheat.''' ,'''I firmly believe marriage should happen as a by-product of love.''' ,'''Should I be offered the right kind of script, I will be doing a straight Telugu film.''' ,'''When I am talking about politics, it is not about reading a book, theories on policies, but awareness on what is our right as a citizen of a democratic country.''' ,'''I'm the type who minds my own business and am not keen on giving interviews on my mom's birthday, or my dog's birthday.''' ,'''I say no to songs more often than I say yes.''' ,'''Everyone has their good and bad days. You just have to go with the flow and make the most of whatever comes your way.''' ,'''I have never thought of myself as an actor.''' ,'''I am not a method actor. I would call myself a spontaneous actor.''' ,'''I have always been open about the way I live my life, because hiding skeletons in the closet and presenting a picture-perfect image is not my style.''' ,'''I'm happy to be getting accolades for my role in 'Endrendrum Punnagai;' I'm getting powerful roles and would star glamourously if the script demanded so.''' ,'''I'm not a person who chases down things.''' ,''''Maaligai,' where I play a dual role of a cop and a princess, initially was to be made as a Kannada movie. My producers from Mumbai and director Dil Sathya felt that it should be made as a bilingual in Tamil also, as I have a good market in K'town.''' ,'''I wish someone would make an Indian equivalent of 'Kill Bill' with me. That would be awesome.''' ,'''I was almost on the verge of studying medicine. But then, I realised I would have to give up singing. That is when it dawned on me that I could have a career in music.''' ,'''People still make all sorts of assumptions about me. I've just gone past the point of caring.''' ,'''After my experience working with Kamal Haasan sir, the 'Aval' team was the most professional and well-planned group I've come across. They were so meticulous that I completed my portions in just 22 days!''' ,'''As for direction, I definitely do not have the patience or the resilience to make a film. Directing a film is very, very hard.''' ,'''It is male-chauvinistic industry, and there's still a long way to go for the female-centric genre to come to the fore.''' ,''''Taramani' was a very emotionally draining film for me.''' ,'''Like Tamil audiences, the Telugus, too, are welcoming of novelty. The fact that 'Arjun Reddy,' which had no regular songs, became such a big hit, says it all.''' ,'''For an actor with his experience, Kamal Haasan's never shown a complacent 'Been there; done it' attitude.''' ,'''I want to do only such films which will help me grow as an actor.''' ,'''Why does the worth of an actress have to be determined by her co-stars?''' ,'''I am actually scared of even watching a horror movie.''' ,'''I work with big directors. I work with good actors. I act in female-centric films. And I do all this without ever indulging in a casting couch experience. Because I believe in hard work, talent, and blessing.''' ,'''I personally think the male and female roles have changed dramatically in the past few decades. Men are no longer the breadwinners. Financial independence for a woman is a huge thing.''' ,'''There was a time in my life when I used to plan elaborately; not anymore. I gave up when I realised nothing was going my way.''' ,'''Casting couch is not just a man's fault. It is important to say this because we blame the other side always.''' ,'''For sure, I won't go hunting for a guy to love and get married to. But once I'm in love, I'll do what it takes to make it work.''' ,'''Honestly, I feel the films choose me rather than I go after them!''' ,'''Performing was always my thing, so when I act with another co-actor, perhaps that is why I never feel intimidated.''' ,'''I have a heart and am extremely sensitive to what people say about me, both in the press and otherwise.''' ,'''I do not feel intimidated by actors or stars because I was never exposed to films widely.''' ,'''We're only human beings and cannot always be in control of our lives.''' ,'''Actresses are defined more by the roles they say 'no' to it than the roles they say 'yes' to it.''' ,'''I am very much available for singing. There's a misconception that I am too busy with my acting ventures, but, I think, I can manage both.''' ,'''I am a huge romantic.''' ,'''Love means everything to me.''' ,'''I have decided to take on substantial roles. I'm even ready to take on roles which give prominence to glamour; I have absolutely no qualms in doing so.''' ,'''After 'Taramani,' life has changed - in a sense, as we grow, we evolve. My regret was post its release. After giving so much of my effort, blood, sweat, tears and time for a movie... I still didn't get any big offers. That really hurt.''' ,'''Once into films, an actress can't say that she would only take on particular kind of roles.''' ,'''I still remember the moment I signed 'Viswaroopam.' And I will never forget it.''' ,]
+++