+++
author = "Sunil Chhetri"
title = "Sunil Chhetri Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Sunil Chhetri Quotes"
keywords = "sunil chhetri,sunil chhetri quotes,sunil chhetri quote,sunil chhetri sayings,sunil chhetri saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I signed for Mohun Bagan and then I got the news that Bhaichung also joined the club. The first day he met me he told me that I have heard about you and you are doing well. I told everyone in my family and friends that Bhaichung told me that.''' ,'''I was also a junior and I know how you learn from seniors, that's how you follow. Speeches don't work.''' ,'''Ordinarily, players fine-tune their match-fitness during the pre-season.''' ,'''If you win two games, one game or three games, you can still say it's luck. But when you win a championship over 18 games, it's not luck.''' ,'''Football is a team game and none can survive or excel without the help of the other.''' ,'''I used to play a lot of different sports. Now when I look back, I understand that it really helped with my hand-eye coordination.''' ,'''The worst thing is for a player to come to a club and not be able to play.''' ,'''I'm always hungry to score.''' ,'''I just want to do well with the national team.''' ,'''Losing is not an option in Kolkata. It's not easy, a lot of players even quit.''' ,'''To share the dressing room of club and country with Bhai was an amazing experience. I learnt a lot from him and other senior players like Renedy Singh.''' ,'''Whoever the coach is, my job is to talk to him, understand him and be a better player under him and give my best.''' ,'''Little by little, not by making big promises, I need to be calmer, read more, spend more time with my loved ones, and be more mindful about nature and environment.''' ,'''Bhai was my hero and he had immense influence on me.''' ,'''Egos are never nice. I have been a victim of it a lot of times in my career. Whenever I have used it, I have failed.''' ,'''There are phases in life which surface at times, and it makes you understand that despite you working hard, everything what you are doing is probably not enough. That's when you need to look around, and beyond.''' ,'''The joy and love that I get from playing football are unbelievable. It is such a feeling that I want to give everything that I have got. I just enjoy it, I am living a life that I never even dreamt of.''' ,'''I am criticised for not celebrating my goals enough. I am very happy from within, very calm. I just don't celebrate. I celebrate inside.''' ,'''With Kansas, I had a four-year deal. The initial two months were real tough. I had to adjust a lot. Then, things started looking up.''' ,'''I like the celebrations when I see my teammates do it, when I see fellow footballers on the international scene do it. I think it looks good, it suits most of them, if you know what to do, synchronise, then do it.''' ,'''Bob Houghton is a great coach and I am confident that the national team will do well under him.''' ,'''I like my fair share of board games.''' ,'''As long as I am playing competitive football I am happy.''' ,'''At the end of the day, we started playing football because we loved it.''' ,'''When you are young you tend to do so many things that are not needed. When you get experience, you know what exactly what works for you and you tend to do things that you want.''' ,'''The Ronaldo who came to Manchester United had a lot of dribbling, trickery, playing more on the wings and making more assists.''' ,'''You can sometimes play some really good football and not score.''' ,'''I idolised IM Vijayan and Krisanu Dey when I started watching football. After that, it was Bhaichung Bhutia in India and Brazilian Ronaldo abroad.''' ,'''When I was a young kid, I did not even dream about playing for my country. It was such a farfetched thing to play for India.''' ,'''Football is all about fans.''' ,'''When I was in Portugal I hardly played six-or-seven matches. Although I would train daily to keep my shape. Even then it was really difficult when I came back to get in shape and represent my country.''' ,'''If the team keeps changing then everything has to keep changing.''' ,'''You can say that 2016 was my finest. It went well for the national team, started by winning the SAFF Cup, we reached the finals of AFC Cup, we reached the semis of ISL. I think it was a fruitful season.''' ,'''I am fortunate to have played 15 years for my country.''' ,'''I don't let even a day go by wherein I don't give at 100 per cent.''' ,'''In India, people are really glued to the Premier League and La Liga.''' ,'''My family supported me a lot and my father flew in to stay with me from time to time.''' ,'''We want to play the AFC Cup every year.''' ,'''It doesn't matter who you are - if you dream big and if you work really hard, you can achieve unimaginable results, and that's really good for the nation.''' ,'''I just enjoy it, I am living a life that I never even dreamt of.''' ,'''What we achieve individually is important but it's never ever more than the team does.''' ,'''I listen to these comparisons with Cristiano Ronaldo, I'll be happy and then forget it in five seconds.''' ,'''Training and resting takes up most of my time.''' ,'''The older you get, the better you get.''' ,'''Ego is only fine when it is working for your motivation.''' ,'''In my opinion, rankings are a very fickle measurement of one's success and it is best to not get carried away by it.''' ,'''Over the years, all my coaches and my teammates have contributed a lot to shape my career. I can never forget their contribution and help.''' ,'''Even the best and biggest teams in the world do not reach finals of tournaments.''' ,'''The day I think I'm not enjoying the game and contributing the way I would like to, I'll hang up my boots.''' ,'''I always believe that there should come a time when your energy, speed, stamina should combine well with your brains.''' ,'''I take my sleep very, very important.''' ,'''Even if soccer is not number one in the United States, they do things very well here. There's much our country can learn from the U.S.A., because we all know that soccer is not the main game in India. We can still do more things, like provide better facilities for the players so they can perform well.''' ,'''Personally yes I want our country to have one league. When it's going to be one league, which we all are hearing, it has to be abiding by AFC rules.''' ,'''We need IMG-Reliance in Indian football as they are an important sponsor.''' ,'''I don't think I will ever be content. I am somebody who is always hungry.''' ,'''When you are younger, you want to do everything, and you go haywire.''' ,'''When you are in good form, you keep hitting the target. You may have the best match but you may still not have the goals. But scoring is most important and it feels so good that I have been knocking them in. It really boosts the morale.''' ,'''I want to believe that I am improving. This is something that I take really seriously.''' ,'''Talking to a player helps, but in our sport the majority of learning happens from watching another player. You pick up things like being punctual, being nice to everyone, making sure you give your 100 per cent even in training.''' ,'''I've married somebody who I knew for 14 years. So, I'm just living with a friend. All through my ups and downs in football, from winning the I-League to losing the ISL final, she has been a source of great support.''' ,'''I have been a youngster and I know speeches are boring.''' ,'''Without sounding biased, 70 days of football is not enough. Even if Messi plays 70 days he cannot be in the national team. You need to play around the year to be in contention for the national team.''' ,'''There can never be any stop to learn about different cultures by travelling to different places. And whatever comes your way, continue the healthy eating habits.''' ,'''Lot of players lose hope because of lack of motivation.''' ,'''To go to the field and train and understand when days are less, that's where experience helps.''' ,'''Playing in MLS was a great experience. It has boosted my confidence and I feel I have matured as a player.''' ,'''I aspire my country eventually has a league where all players play 50 games.''' ,'''I don't know about the 2026 World Cup. But I would love to see Anirudh Thapa sending a cross to Jhingan and I would love to watch it from the stands.''' ,'''Sitting idle at home is the most painful experience for a footballer.''' ,'''You need to understand what works best for your own body.''' ,'''If I do the right things on and off the field that's how a player is going to learn.''' ,'''When I was 25 and I was told to eat 6 pieces of potato every day, someday it would be 8, someday it would be 10. Not that it's going to make a big difference. But now when I am told by my nutritionist that you get to eat 6 pieces a day, it's 6. Done!''' ,'''If someone told me I could play two Asian Cup finals, I wouldn't have believed it.''' ,'''I have to keep improving myself and challenging myself.''' ,'''I'm a Bangalore boy.''' ,'''I am happy and proud to play for my country and my club Mohun Bagan.''' ,'''If you are a professional player and you are playing in the top professional league, you are sorted financially, which is good.''' ,'''I don't spend too much time on my phone, laptop or television. However, I do occasionally watch documentaries and shows on streaming platforms.''' ,'''The North East has always been the hub to produce few of the best talents in the country and it is great for the people from the hills to have their own local club to cheer for considering the kind of passion they have for the game.''' ,'''After the 12th class exam results, I got a call from Mohun Bagan. They saw me at Durand Cup when I was playing for City Club of Delhi. I thought they might want me for SAIL Academy. Never ever I thought Mohun Bagan is calling me for Mohun Bagan!''' ,'''When I signed up for BFC, then-coach Ashley Westwood wanted me to play on the left as an attacking midfielder. I was not sure initially but I believed in his vision. For the first six-seven games, I didn't really know what I was doing. I was like a headless chicken. But he kept backing me.''' ,'''I'm all for a good rivalry as long as lines are drawn.''' ,'''Football is a contact sport. So, on the pitch, it isn't possible to maintain distance like you can in an office job.''' ,'''I saw 14 games in two and a half months at Churchill. It was what I really signed for. They were eyeing the championship and also playing the AFC Cup. So I am very thankful for Churchill, the coaching staff and the players.''' ,'''What the ISL has done is create the hype and buzz around football that it very badly needs.''' ,'''I have become vegan - I don't take dairy or meat. It has helped me a lot in terms of recovery and digestion.''' ,'''When I was younger, I used to have more flair, I used to do more tricks, the nutmegs, the step-overs.''' ,'''I do understand it's not easy to run an I-league club. I have been part of many and I know the scene.''' ,'''All the top players in the world play 45-50-60 games. You need that many games, even the strikers need that many games.''' ,'''The good part about youngsters is that they are so fearless. You want to be like them.''' ,'''If anyone remembers me, it's about my hard work.''' ,'''You have to be tough and have a lot of faith.''' ,'''It's hard for a player to plan for the future, especially in a game like football.''' ,'''The influence of Bhaichung is immense. I remember when I was in the ninth or 10th standard we went to watch the Durand Cup in Delhi. Bhaichung was there. We just wanted to touch them.''' ,'''I am very strict about what I eat. I do not consume anything that my body does not require. It takes a lot of sacrifice and discipline. It wasn't easy before but now its second nature for me.''' ,'''When your physical energy and mind combines, it's great.''' ,'''The best part about being in your thirties is you know what works for you.''' ,'''My biggest competitor was my mum. I used to try to beat her at Chinese chequers, chess, carrom, volleyball, badminton, football, wrestling.''' ,'''The first two games for Churchill, I was so jittery that I didn't know what to do. I was running more but didn't know what to do. I've no bones accepting the fact that I didn't know what was happening in the game.''' ,'''I gather from motivation around me - from a lot of personalities who have done well in their respective fields.''' ,]
+++