+++
author = "Gillian Zinser"
title = "Gillian Zinser Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Gillian Zinser Quotes"
keywords = "gillian zinser,gillian zinser quotes,gillian zinser quote,gillian zinser sayings,gillian zinser saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The people in my life are friends I have by choice. I've made a conscious effort to have them in life. I only have the time and energy for so many people, which has cut down my friend group to a handful, but I'm so much happier with fewer good people, who really do know me.''' ,'''I'm always after boys who don't want me, I'll tell you that much!''' ,'''In N.Y. you're always around people, but in L.A. you can go days without seeing anyone.''' ,'''I am mad about hats. I collect them as souvenirs from my globe trotting.''' ,'''I love the way little kids dress themselves! They're completely carefree about how others perceive them.''' ,'''I'm definitely much more of a beach bunny. I prefer the sun over the snow.''' ,'''I was more comfortable with guys growing up, but now I find myself more comfortable in my own skin and open to people, regardless of their gender or popularity or any other label, as a result.''' ,'''I grew up not having very many girl friends. Girls tend to be competitive. I actually went to the school 'Mean Girls' was written about, so you can only imagine what my high school experience was like!''' ,'''I've always been a jeans and a T-shirt kind of kid!''' ,'''I'm inspired by anyone who's honest in their own expression, people who truly beat to the rhythm of their own drum.''' ,'''I'm in love with dream catchers. I collect them from every trip I take.''' ,]
+++