+++
author = "Duane Chapman"
title = "Duane Chapman Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Duane Chapman Quotes"
keywords = "duane chapman,duane chapman quotes,duane chapman quote,duane chapman sayings,duane chapman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was in prison for a charge in Texas, murder one. Back in the '70s in Texas, I was there. I heard the shot. I was in the car.''' ,'''The closest thing to hell on earth is prison. It's the worst experience I've ever had in my life. Besides death.''' ,'''I'm very emotional. That's why I wear shades a lot.''' ,'''If I was Judge Del Rosario, I would say Ili, of all people, you know better.''' ,'''And I used to say, 'I'm black, too.' In other words, I - my whole life I've been called a half-breed, a convict, king of the trailer trash, this and that. I take that and stand.''' ,'''Six men can carry you or 12 men can judge you. You decide!''' ,'''I have a hard problem, being some part Native American - being a Christian: do you get burned, do you get cremated, do you get - let the sharks eat you? How do you die?''' ,'''You can't be afraid to put out a fire if you're a fireman. You can't be afraid to be a police officer and carry a gun if you're afraid to get up and go out there. So you've got to put that fear to the side and go out in faith to overcome that.''' ,'''When I was a child I liked watching shows about bounty hunters and Canadian Mounties. I liked the 'Lone Ranger,' I liked shows where the guy saved the girl from the villain. I just liked those kinds of things and I wanted to be a guy like that, you know, that would save the damsel in distress.''' ,'''My father is the reason I am the way I am today. He's why I acted up and he's why I prayed to be the opposite of him. We made up before he died but I vowed to never raise my kids like how he raised me.''' ,'''I've always taken pride to be the white guy that can talk to the black people, that can refer to them truly as a brother from a different mother.''' ,'''I'm marrying my common-law wife, Beth, the Christian way, with a preacher and all that.''' ,'''I've been a biker, I've been a convict, I've been a husband, father, and son.''' ,'''I'm going to be Dog, and I'm going to be an entertainer. And I'm going to make mistakes.''' ,'''I would have done higher than that... I would have set it higher.''' ,'''Born on a mountain, raised in a cave. Arresting fugitives is all I crave.''' ,'''Dog is God spelled backward.''' ,'''Faith is the substance of hope - of things hoped for and the evidence of things not seen. So if you can hope for it and imagine it, and keep imagining and hoping and seeing yourself driving a new car, or seeing yourself getting that job, or seeing yourself excel, seeing yourself help that person - that is faith.''' ,'''I have the utmost respect and 'aloha' for black people - who have already suffered so much due to racial discrimination and acts of hatred.''' ,'''I love what I do. I love to capture the guy. I love to tell the victim 'Don't worry anymore. They're in jail.' And this is my way to heaven. This is my way to contribute to America what I know how to do best, and that's chase down the predator.''' ,'''As a bounty hunter, I have to dress the part. If I came to the door and looked like Carrot Top, you'd laugh.''' ,'''Everybody's under God's planet, and God is the Almighty, the Beginning, the End, the Alpha, the Omega. He's Big Daddy. He gives out these little soldiers and sons and angels and saints to help everybody else get through to him. I'm not the 'Jesus-only or you're going to Hell' kind of guy.''' ,'''In Hawaii, we have something called Ho'oponopono, where people come together to resolve crises and restore peace and balance.''' ,'''It's just like being a father; you got to show them love and you got to show them the path. I don't like this role-model stuff, though.''' ,'''We believe that God is big enough to give every nationality their own religion, as he's given them their own taste in food, in plants, in furniture, and housing. I think that each religion has their basic Christ-ish way to get to the Everlasting God.''' ,'''When someone is looking down, they're saying no. When they're looking up, they're looking to their brain for memory. When they look to the left, they're looking for a lie or something they memorized. When they look to the right, they're feeling sorry - they don't want to answer.''' ,'''I'm Native American, so it's in my blood to always want brothers and friends. I'm a good brotherhood guy.''' ,]
+++