+++
author = "Bobby Seale"
title = "Bobby Seale Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Bobby Seale Quotes"
keywords = "bobby seale,bobby seale quotes,bobby seale quote,bobby seale sayings,bobby seale saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There is an entire generation of young people who know nothing about how viciously the FBI attacked The Black Panther Party, and why.''' ,'''They came down on us because we had a grass-roots, real people's revolution, complete with the programs, complete with the unity, complete with the working coalitions, where we crossed racial lines.''' ,'''I think the American Dream should be about a greater progressive legislation that allows for what I call a necessary future world of cooperational humanism.''' ,'''Revolution is about the need to re-evolve political, economic and social justice and power back into the hands of the people, preferably through legislation and policies that make human sense. That's what revolution is about. Revolution is not about shootouts.''' ,'''If they had not murdered Malcolm X, there probably never would have been a Black Panther Party.''' ,'''I am not a hoodlum. I'm a community organizer.''' ,'''I have quite a few good friends in Philadelphia who were police officers.''' ,'''You don't fight racism with racism, the best way to fight racism is with solidarity.''' ,'''I'm a progressive. The progression has to be manifested in a new direction in policies and legislation.''' ,'''To develop political and economic power in a capitalist society, you need capital.''' ,'''I'm still a political revolutionary. The fire never went out of me, but perceptions and realizations change.''' ,'''We were like heroes, to stand there and observe the police, and the police were scared to move upon us.''' ,'''Electoral politics was always an objective of the Black Panther party, so Barack Obama is a part of what we dreamed and struggled and died for.''' ,'''The Black Panther Party were not revenge nationalists.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong with being a cop. There's nothing wrong with being a white person. It's about where your heart is... We've got to get everyone beyond the xenophobic isolationism.''' ,'''Money is the medium of exchange, and it's how you make things happen. To say you hate it is some farfetched, idealistic crap.''' ,'''Lots of people think I went to prison. I never went to prison. I was in jail without bail.''' ,'''I'd have no trouble being the barbecue kingpin of America. I'd just add it to all the other things I am: jazz musician, carpenter, architect, engineer and revolutionary.''' ,'''I like Barack Obama.''' ,'''The FBI's Counter-Intelligence Program would work hand-in-hand with police departments, literally planning attacks on Black Panther Party offices throughout the United States of America. They did this over a period of time.''' ,'''The Black Panther party of Self-Defense is a revolutionary party.''' ,'''Fox News never calls up Bobby Seale to articulate a stance in opposition to right-wing conservatives. To me, giving the New Black Panthers a platform on Fox is a subtle tactic to scare people.''' ,'''The Black Panther Party was not a gang. They grew out of a young black intelligentsia on college campuses.''' ,'''I always tried to raise money for the Black Panthers through business schemes.''' ,'''I'm going to have to call up Spike Lee. I did a cameo for him in 'Malcolm X,' and I'm trying to get him to do my life story and the history of the Black Panther Party.''' ,'''You can't call yourself a university and exclude whole ethnic groups.''' ,'''I think I can capture the taste buds of the average right-wing conservative who loves barbecue.''' ,'''On the one hand, the guns were there to help capture the imagination of the people. But more important, since we knew that you couldn't observe the police without guns, we took our guns with us to let the police know that we have an equalizer.''' ,'''People called me a hoodlum and a thug. But they didn't tell you I was a carpenter, an architect, a stand-up comic - even a bartender. And a barbecue cook. But they didn't tell you that.''' ,'''When donors visited the Black Panther Party, they came and saw our real programs, a real clinic, with real doctors and medics, giving service to people.''' ,'''Being so closely related to the South, barbecue was part of segregation and helped defeat it.''' ,'''I consider myself a political revolutionary humanist.''' ,'''The first point was we wanted power to determine our own destiny in our own black community. And what we had done is, we wanted to write a program that was straightforward to the people. We didn't want to give a long dissertation.''' ,'''The first African-American leader was Dr. Martin Luther King.''' ,]
+++