+++
author = "Frank Thomas"
title = "Frank Thomas Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Frank Thomas Quotes"
keywords = "frank thomas,frank thomas quotes,frank thomas quote,frank thomas sayings,frank thomas saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew up in the Boys & Girls Club. That's where I really started playing all sports, and that's why I'm a big advocate for the work they do.''' ,'''When you're going into a game, you're not expected to hit a home run every game. You're just doing everything proper with proper swings.''' ,'''In the South, the food is outstanding. Down south, we eat to get full, and the people up north, they don't do that.''' ,'''I come from good stock. Both of my parents are big - my dad is a big guy; my mom is a big lady.''' ,'''At the Home Run Derby, you're expected to hit home runs. You're up there trying to hit home runs.''' ,'''I think there is a lot of good in making the All-Star Team. People look at your career a little bit differently.''' ,'''I got snubbed about eight times for the Mid-Summer Classic, and I know what type of career I had, and I know that I'm a true All-Star. The selection process is not very accurate.''' ,'''I'm just happy to be sitting right here in Chicago and right here at U.S. Cellular Field, holding my Hall of Fame press conference. I'm proud of that.''' ,'''Doing something the right way is something I take pride in.''' ,'''A Home Run Derby is fun. It's just like taking batting practice, and you just want to go deep. Guys do it every day. Yes, there's a little more pressure when they pull that cage back, but if you practice properly, it shouldn't affect the second half of your season at all.''' ,]
+++