+++
author = "Louis L'Amour"
title = "Louis L'Amour Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Louis L'Amour Quotes"
keywords = "louis l'amour,louis l'amour quotes,louis l'amour quote,louis l'amour sayings,louis l'amour saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Nobody got anywhere in the world by simply being content.''' ,'''For one who reads, there is no limit to the number of lives that may be lived, for fiction, biography, and history offer an inexhaustible number of lives in many parts of the world, in all periods of time.''' ,'''If you write a book about a bygone period that lies east of the Mississippi River, then it's a historical novel. If it's west of the Mississippi, it's a western, a different category. There's no sense to it.''' ,'''A wise man fights to win, but he is twice a fool who has no plan for possible defeat.''' ,'''To disbelieve is easy; to scoff is simple; to have faith is harder.''' ,'''A good beginning makes a good end.''' ,'''A great book begins with an idea; a great life, with a determination.''' ,'''I had begun reading earlier than most because my sister Emmy Lou, no doubt to keep me from bothering her, decided it was easier to teach me to read stories to myself rather than to read them to me, as she had been doing.''' ,'''I'm actually writing history. It isn't what you'd call big history. I don't write about presidents and generals... I write about the man who was ranching, the man who was mining, the man who was opening up the country.''' ,'''I think of myself... as a troubadour, a village storyteller, the guy in the shadows of the campfire.''' ,'''Knowledge is like money: to be of value it must circulate, and in circulating it can increase in quantity and, hopefully, in value.''' ,'''No one can get an education, for of necessity education is a continuing process.''' ,'''Anger is a killing thing: it kills the man who angers, for each rage leaves him less than he had been before - it takes something from him.''' ,'''I think it's time that we have a women's show about the West. The concentration has been on the men and the Indians.''' ,'''I start with a character and a situation, but I don't know what's going to happen until I write it. Sometimes things happen that surprise me.''' ,'''Too often I would hear men boast of the miles covered that day, rarely of what they had seen.''' ,'''No memory is ever alone; it's at the end of a trail of memories, a dozen trails that each have their own associations.''' ,'''All loose things seem to drift down to the sea, and so did I.''' ,'''There will come a time when you believe everything is finished. Yet that will be the beginning.''' ,'''Victory is won not in miles but in inches. Win a little now, hold your ground, and later, win a little more.''' ,'''He might never really do what he said, but at least he had it in mind. He had somewhere to go.''' ,'''The idea of education has been so tied to schools, universities, and professors that many assume there is no other way, but education is available to anyone within reach of a library, a post office, or even a newsstand.''' ,'''Often I hear people say they do not have time to read. That's absolute nonsense. In the one year during which I kept that kind of record, I read twenty-five books while waiting for people. In offices, applying for jobs, waiting to see a dentist, waiting in a restaurant for friends, many such places.''' ,'''I don't travel and tell stories, because that's not the way these days. But I write my books to be read aloud, and I think of myself in that oral tradition.''' ,'''To make democracy work, we must be a nation of participants, not simply observers. One who does not vote has no right to complain.''' ,]
+++