+++
author = "Shenaz Treasury"
title = "Shenaz Treasury Quotes"
quotes_len = "82"
description = "the best 82 Shenaz Treasury Quotes"
keywords = "shenaz treasury,shenaz treasury quotes,shenaz treasury quote,shenaz treasury sayings,shenaz treasury saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do not take up films where I have nothing to do.''' ,'''I have worked for everything. I am self-made and proud of it.''' ,'''We know so many people who have gone into the family business even when they had no interest in it because that was the easiest choice. I feel this is a huge debate in India because it applies to every field and not just Bollywood.''' ,'''I know I'm in a 'jack of all, master of none' situation, but I like it that way.''' ,'''My sister and I were driving at night and were followed by guys on a bike. It was a terrifying experience. The ordeal made us start a chauffeur service.''' ,'''I try to travel light.''' ,'''Yashraj liked my writing style, and they had a concept in mind, so they hired me to write. That's how 'Luv Ka The End' was born. It was fantastic working with them. They are very professional. For the first time, I did not have to ask for my cheque. It was sent home, in time.''' ,'''I watch everything online... I consume so much media through Instagram and Facebook, too.''' ,'''We women are the same: I am always more attracted to the dangerous mystery man with piercing eyes and stubble rather than the clean-shaven 'puppy dog' type who is probably much better for me in the long run.''' ,'''The pictures I take are not regular selfies. I give people a sneak peek into culture and lifestyles and experiences from around the world.''' ,'''Nepotism exists - not just in Bollywood but in every profession in India.''' ,'''Women should be able to choose where they want to work in the industry and how they want to be represented on screen.''' ,'''My followers consistently engage with my content and rely on my recommendations for making decisions about where they travel or how they spend their leisure time. There's no space for trolls.''' ,'''Lee Strasberg taught me different ways in which a scene can be approached so that it is perfect. Acting schools also open you up - you react differently to each scene. It makes you a very reactive person.''' ,'''We live in a very classist society, and it's sad and depressing.''' ,'''I don't dream small. But then, what are we without our dreams?''' ,'''I've been covering all four corners of the country in connection with promoting sustainable and responsible tourism. So not only am I just travelling, I am travelling responsibly.''' ,'''It is really sad, as Delhi is our capital and one of the most beautiful places in India, but if a city can't make its women feel safe, then everything else is worthless.''' ,'''I have had experiences where the director has asked me to meet for a drink or to come party with him or just to 'hang out.' I have lost some roles because I refused to go to Madh Island to hang out.''' ,'''My life has become a series of planes, trains, and automobiles with some occasional downtime at a hotel.''' ,'''Most trolls are seeking attention by trying to get a response. So best is to ignore.''' ,'''A troll is only as powerful as your response to them. Once you respond to them or let them instigate you, then you've given them power.''' ,'''After my first ad, I was flooded with offers, which I took up. Soon, I decided that it could be a lucrative business with a parallel college life.''' ,'''I am not a multi-tasker. When I do one thing, I fully concentrate on it and leave the other thing aside.''' ,'''I started doing American films and TV before Priyanka, but of course I do small roles in big films, and I don't have the publicity machine working around me.''' ,'''Travelling by myself is always more of an adventure: I meet more people. I experience the place to the fullest. I'm on my own schedule.''' ,'''Being just an actor would be quite frustrating.''' ,'''Working on a film is different from working in an office. You spend 16-hour days together; you share stories and become really close. But, when you finish shooting, you don't see each other again.''' ,'''It's boring to be a poser.''' ,'''I have travelled across several countries and continents, but India holds a special place in my heart since every single state has something unique to offer.''' ,'''I have nothing against the film industry, but my mom asked me to do anything but act.''' ,'''For acting, once I am doing a movie, I am fully into that. But I am not one to chase films. When it comes, it comes.''' ,'''Very bad roles were coming my way, and I didn't want to do them. Hence, I was doing small films like 'Delhi Belly,' where, though the footage wasn't long, the role was good.''' ,'''We live in a world where people consume most of their information on the cell phones. Anyone promoting a film or TV series is well served if they can create an active social media experience. It's the reality of the modern world.''' ,'''I don't think people watch too much TV anymore. I don't.''' ,'''Road trips are amazing because you get to see the true India from a street level and interact with people from different states that have so much pride in their local heritage, food, and customs.''' ,'''I have grown to understand that no matter where we come from, human beings, at heart, are the same. Defining ourselves based on race, religion, and ethnicity is like betraying that.''' ,'''I worried about whether acting in Bollywood was my cup of tea - whether I could live up to it. But I enjoyed the filmi jhatkas.''' ,'''I'm fun, vibrant, and full of energy.''' ,'''I am one of those people who go with the flow, and thus, I have no goal in life.''' ,'''I remember, the first few times I modelled, other girls laughed at my big behind. I felt like a fat pig, even though I really wasn't. When you are 15 and other girls nick-name you a 'little piggy' and 'fatty,' you believe them.''' ,'''I don't like travelling in groups. I like doing my own thing. I am quite a loner, actually.''' ,'''I want to host and write a 'Sex in the City'-type travel show.''' ,'''Whether it's Hollywood or Bollywood, sexual harassment is a reality. I've experienced it first-hand, and I know many of my counterparts have as well.''' ,'''I can easily be lying in the gutter with someone kicking mud in my face tomorrow as easily as I can float in the clouds with angels sprinkling fairy dust in my hair. So, I make an effort to treat both success and failure equally.''' ,'''Hosting is pretty natural to me, since I was doing it as a kid.''' ,'''I am travelling to different places and talking to people about travelling litter-free, observing the wildlife, and respecting the host.''' ,'''Whatever money I made, I did not buy an apartment or a car: I bought plane tickets and hotels and experiences.''' ,'''My career as an actress in the U.S. is actually taking off quite well.''' ,'''I'm not a fighter, I'm a lover.''' ,'''When I was a teenager, I wanted to be a screenplay writer or a photographer. First question people asked me: 'Who do you know? Any contacts?'''' ,'''There are Harvey Weinsteins in all walks of life, and especially in the entertainment industry where the power balance is tilted in favour of men.''' ,'''I hate when they portray women as just sex symbols in short skirts, running around playing dumb. I refuse to watch such films or be in such films.''' ,'''I'm a curry and rice girl.''' ,'''I never wanted to be famous; that was not my dream. I just like being creative.''' ,'''I make money not so much from acting but my travelogue.''' ,'''Comedy is one of my strengths.''' ,'''Hate American toilets with only toilet paper and no bidets.''' ,''''Main Aur Mr. Riight' is about a girl who is looking for perfection. She strives for perfection herself and is searching for a partner who is the same. The film is about her journey.''' ,'''From avoiding littering to encouraging local economy, there is a lot each one of us can do that will go a long way in keeping the country's cultural legacy intact.''' ,'''The different foods and cultures and geography and art - I could spend my lifetime traveling around India and still not fully know it.''' ,'''I believe in accepting whatever life offers with a laugh. So if things are dark and terrible, I try to find the funny side to it. Probably that's why I gravitate towards comedy.''' ,'''In college, they taught us to think of a bad smell or simulate a bad taste to start crying. I just think of my ex-boyfriend!''' ,'''Comfort is key for me.''' ,'''TV and appointment viewing is a thing of the past for the youth.''' ,'''I enjoy acting, and I would love to do a play in the future.''' ,'''I'm excited to play any character that is based in reality. And I'd be even more excited if I can add a comic element to my role.''' ,'''I want to be a bi-continental working actor and writer.''' ,'''I do like playing smart women who can be sexy and are taken seriously.''' ,'''I encourage people to take the road less travelled, explore the abundant off-beat locations. Take road trips, soak in some breathtaking experiences, and enjoy the scenic landscapes that our country has to offer.''' ,'''I don't drink coffee: it makes me cuckoo!''' ,'''Actually, acting and hosting shows just happened on the way, and I will do it 'til it lasts and then concentrate on writing.''' ,'''Everyone thinks living abroad is fun... The ideal life. Take it from me - it's tough.''' ,'''I would love to do more Indian films.''' ,'''Everything in my life happened by coincidence. Even my role in 'Delhi Belly.'''' ,'''India is gorgeous. There is no country in the world as stunning and versatile as India.''' ,'''Brands started calling me out of the blue as I racked up over 5 million views on YouTube. And now I make my living being what they call a 'lifestyle and travel influencer.'''' ,'''When you meet people you've previously worked with, it's definitely comfortable.''' ,'''I love acting, but I like a lot of other things as well.''' ,'''I wrote what it was like growing up as a female in India, and I got two and a half million shares, and people came up to me and thanked me for speaking up.''' ,'''I think you should do what you like, and luckily, I am able to make money out of them.''' ,'''I first came to Delhi with my parents when I was 15 years old. We went to see the Red Fort, and I was walking behind my parents, and some guy who was walking along touched me inappropriately. I screamed, but he was acting so cool about it. I did not create any further scene and left.''' ,]
+++