+++
author = "Deepti Naval"
title = "Deepti Naval Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Deepti Naval Quotes"
keywords = "deepti naval,deepti naval quotes,deepti naval quote,deepti naval sayings,deepti naval saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Sai Paranjpye, I, Rakesh Bedi, Ravi Baswani, Saeed Jaffrey... What a team it was!''' ,'''I am a seriously independent woman and I want people to know that.''' ,'''Women no longer look at relationships conventionally, and neither should films.''' ,'''My role in Nandita Das' 'Firaaq' as a woman too impotent to intervene when her community resorts to brutality and violence has struck a chord wherever the film has been screened.''' ,'''I feel that somewhere actors are vulnerable, that they need to be protected and this is why we find ourselves living life much less than more.''' ,'''I have always been fond of painting landscapes.''' ,'''Every decade there's a new trend of films. Something else is more liked by the audience, something else is more popular.''' ,'''I was fascinated with Urdu ever since I was a child.''' ,'''Once you discover Ladakh, I have never stopped discovering new things every time I travel there.''' ,'''I am not a trained actor, and for me, getting under the skin of a character, living their lives, is important, or the audience will catch my lie.''' ,'''I used to walk miles to make a single phone call. Look how things have changed today.''' ,'''I am an artiste and truly a free spirit.''' ,'''It's exciting to step into the shoes of someone you have known and admired.''' ,'''When people reach out to me and say they relate to me through my characters, that's also a reward of a kind.''' ,'''There was a time when Prakash, our daughter Disha, Vinod - who I was seeing then - and I went out to dinner. People thought it was very strange. But I have always felt if you can't work out one equation - the man/woman one - you don't have to lose out on the person altogether.''' ,'''I would have loved to be a part of 'Guzaarish.'''' ,'''Why can't we digest a woman taking the lead in a love scene?''' ,'''I feel envious of people who have been connected to music throughout their lives.''' ,'''I was really keen on making a film on Balraj Sahni. But when I approached his son Parikshat for his consent, he told me he had already given the filming rights on his father's life to another producer.''' ,'''I would love to play a character of a 50 or 60-year-old.''' ,'''When I was shooting for 'Ankahee,' I had to visit the women's ward of a mental hospital to study the role.''' ,'''I was a loner and would constantly find ways to drift away from crowd at social gatherings.''' ,'''I have travelled along the entire Tibetan stretch.''' ,'''Being recognized for your body of work in totality is some sort of an encouragement that everyone looks for. To have actually achieved it, feels amazing.''' ,'''I have been selective from the very beginning. And I did get to work with some big names like Basu Chatterjee and Shyam Benegal, among others.''' ,'''When I take up a role, I start believing that I'm that person only.''' ,'''I love the kind of films Sanjay Leela Bhansali makes.''' ,'''The idea is not to reinvent myself by venturing into different media because my film career has come to a standstill, but I have the urge to interpret life through different media.''' ,'''My painting and writing has always been parallel. That's why probably where my colleagues have done 300 films, I have done only about a 100, out of which I'd say at least 30-35 films I am even proud of.''' ,'''My family has always appreciated and supported me for my choices.''' ,'''Most of my awards come from foreign festivals!''' ,'''I wasn't trained as an actor at all. I had studied painting in America and had no clue about acting when I came back.''' ,'''On a flight, I saw the 'Chashme Buddoor' remake. It did nothing to me. It had no impact. Watching the remake, I missed the original team even more.''' ,'''I always thought I wouldn't do well on stage.''' ,'''Farooque Shaikh was not sick at all. In fact, when we were working together during 'Listen... Amaya,' I was sick but he was totally fit and very energetic and enthusiastic. Nobody had slightest hint that such a calamity can happen to him. His death was such a shattering news, first thing in the morning.''' ,'''Acting was the first thing that obsessed me when I was 8-9 years old.''' ,'''I have been around for more than 30 years and it has been quite a journey. It had its glorious moments on camera and painful moments off camera.''' ,'''When roles that mattered to me started drying up, I took to the brush and camera to connect with myself and the world.''' ,'''Personally, I've always felt that I've enjoyed my work. But there have been times where I've have waited for interesting work to come my way.''' ,'''I love music. I like to sing. But I am not a singer. I hum.''' ,'''In my career, I have made the right choices, but somehow, as an actress, I wish I had done more films.''' ,'''Everybody is an actor, whether you play the main lead or one of the supporting characters.''' ,'''I give a lot of credit to my wanderings. Because it just opens up your mind to life itself.''' ,'''I've had a weakness for Bengali directors, be it Rituparno Ghosh, Aparna Sen, or Goutam Ghose, because of their sensitivity towards cinema.''' ,'''Personally, my favorite Farooq Sheikh performances are 'Bazaar' and 'Garm Hava.'''' ,'''Each and every role I have done has been a conscious decision.''' ,'''I had reached a dead end and that is when I took to trekking which took me to faraway places like Ladakh.''' ,'''I vividly remember my first meeting with Farooque Shaikh. It was in 1975. I had just returned from New York after completing my graduation and was looking for opportunities to begin a career as an actor.''' ,'''I love going off in the wilderness.''' ,'''Rituparno Ghosh was one of the finest filmmakers of India; I had seen his films 'Raincoat' and 'Chokher Bali' and I had always admired his body of work.''' ,'''I put my thoughts through my work - be it painting, or simply writing.''' ,'''I think it's in a way my tragedy that people don't see me for the serious roles I have played.''' ,'''My career has been very spaced out.''' ,'''I became completely enamored of the idea that I would play someone I knew personally.''' ,'''As an artiste, you just continue doing your work and enjoy the process of working... and that's what I've always done.''' ,'''I do believe that my life, career has been fulfilling, I've had my share of disappointments too, but I have nothing to regret.''' ,'''This kind of devotion doesn't exist anymore, that you would spend half your life in love with somebody and you never even see that person. One or two meetings is enough.''' ,'''I don't listen to people who don't matter to me.''' ,'''I love writing. It is the closest thing to me after being an actor.''' ,'''Autobiographies give you the picture of the person behind the image on screen, because that's never really you.''' ,'''I was writing in English since my school days in Amritsar.''' ,'''OTT platforms have opened up a whole new area to explore in terms of content, writing, acting, everything. But I'm not really very comfortable with the four-letter cuss words in all languages, which are now used liberally; I'm a bit old school.''' ,'''Writing my memoir and recalling and recollecting has been wonderfully enriching.''' ,'''Earlier, when actors aged, they were never, ever to be seen again; but times have changed for the better. Now you don't have to go into oblivion just because you've crossed 40.''' ,'''For me, when I am in front of the camera, that's real, that's the moment I want to live.''' ,'''I never run away from things but confront them, and I preferred to stay on the periphery of Mumbai film industry.''' ,'''As an artist, the work that I have done in my career has always and will always make me happy.''' ,'''I have written much more than I have had published.''' ,'''It's okay to do a small role in mainstream cinema like 'Aurangzeb' or 'Yaariyan.' But it's films like Rituparno Ghosh's 'Memories Of March' and Avinash Kumar Singh's 'Listen Amaya' that sustain me as an actress.''' ,'''As I have begun to write my memoirs, I have begun with my childhood; memories which were hidden, suddenly appear before you, finding expression through my writing.''' ,'''Because I had other means of expressions, I was lucky that I didn't go under and start becoming all convoluted in my head. That can happen, if you're a serious actor and you're here to really be a part of cinema, and when cinema ignores you, it can be devastating.''' ,'''My two favorite actors are Naseeruddin Shah and Farooq Sheikh. I am happy that I got to work with them.''' ,'''Where is the need to go deep into the character and all that? Concentrate on one thing - looking beautiful in front of the camera at all times! That was one lesson I could never learn... trade the inside for the outside!''' ,'''I don't mind acting on TV if I have to play a mature, contemporary character. But I can't play a lehenga-clad lady in a saas-bahu serial.''' ,'''I was very introverted as a child and as an adult. But something inside told me that I needed to express myself, and it would be on the big screen.''' ,'''I am fearlessly independent. I have the courage to go against the tide and pay a price for my choices.''' ,'''You can't be in the industry without your share of heartbreaks, disappointments, and frustrations also. But as long as you're able to stick to your guts and pick the roles you really want to do, the whole journey becomes worthwhile.''' ,'''Ever since I was a child, I wanted to be an actress. And ever since I became an actress, I wanted to make a film.''' ,'''Turning to direction is an inevitable branching-out.''' ,'''I became extremely choosy about films.''' ,'''I played the submissive wife in 'Shakti' because I needed the money. But I'm glad I did.''' ,'''I wish I was born 20 years earlier so I could have worked with Bimal Roy, Guru Dutt, and K. Asif.''' ,'''I don't know about the public and the industry, but I am an all-time Sanjay Leela Bhansali fan. His cinema is completely stylized and commercial and yet hugely experimental.''' ,'''I like to read people's gestures and implement them into my acting.''' ,'''I love the solitude of the mountains. I write, take pictures and get inspired by the colors of nature.''' ,'''I have lived alone, by myself, for many years, so I feel I am my best company.''' ,''''Heartless' is a rare commercial film where I have a substantial role.''' ,'''I have never clamored for an award and have quietly done my work over the years and have been as selective as possible.''' ,'''I love old Hindi songs, black and white films.''' ,'''I wanted to belong to the films which were trying to say something.''' ,'''From the 100 films I have done, I can easily write off about 60.''' ,'''Yes, as you age, the roles obviously diminish.''' ,'''Television does not fascinate me.''' ,'''Choosing death is no solution, romancing life is a choice.''' ,'''A lot of youngsters come and tell me they are inspired by me and my films. When we were doing them, we didn't realize it would leave such an impact.''' ,'''When I look back at my journey, I have lived a life full of experiences that I am proud of.''' ,'''Directing the television serial, 'Thoda Sa Aasman,' was a good learning experience and I can empathize better with producers.''' ,'''I like to observe others a lot.''' ,'''I can never turn my back on acting.''' ,'''I loved the cinema of Basu Chatterjee, Hrishikesh Mukherjee and Basu Bhattacharya. Their movies were close to life, yet heart-warming.''' ,]
+++