+++
author = "John Denver"
title = "John Denver Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 John Denver Quotes"
keywords = "john denver,john denver quotes,john denver quote,john denver sayings,john denver saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think more about the family now. That's an interesting progression for me.''' ,'''We must begin to make what I call 'conscious choices', and to really recognize that we are the same. It's from that place in my heart that I write my songs.''' ,'''I think the biggest problem in the world is that we have a generation of young people, and maybe two, who don't think it's going to get any better.''' ,'''We don't teach kids how to feel, we don't give them the words to go by.''' ,'''I ran away from home when I was a senior in high school, and it came out of all the conflicts that happen between parents and their children who can't communicate.''' ,'''Things go up and down. If you can survive the down, it will come back.''' ,'''I get an awful lot of fan mail, and I read all that I can.''' ,'''I wasn't really an alcoholic, but I was losing control. I still go for a beer, but I drink a lot less.''' ,'''I would so much like young people to have a sense of the gift that they are. Not many of them feel like that.''' ,'''I was never trying to write a hit. I was just trying to write good songs and get a message out, and it was my great good fortune to be popular.''' ,'''It's a great big step for me to open my heart up even a little bit.''' ,'''My activities were centered around school and football and church and senior high fellowship, and I got together with a couple bands and started playing parties, proms, stuff like that. It was the music that really worked for me.''' ,'''I don't want to just entertain people. I want to touch them.''' ,'''At times I've got a really big ego. But I'll tell you the best thing about me. I'm some guy's dad; I'm some little gal's dad. When I die, if they say I was Annie's husband and Zachary John and Anna Kate's father, boy, that's enough for me to be remembered by. That's more than enough.''' ,'''I believe that we are here for each other, not against each other. Everything comes from an understanding that you are a gift in my life - whoever you are, whatever our differences.''' ,'''I know I'm incapable of orchestrating an entire film.''' ,'''I started ninth grade a week after everybody else had started, and I didn't know anybody. I was in a chorus class, and they asked me to bring my guitar to school one day, which I did, and all of a sudden, people knew me... in the halls, people would start saying hello.''' ,'''Peace is a conscious choice.''' ,'''My purpose in performing is to communicate the joy I experience in living.''' ,'''There are so many things we are afraid of, thinking that if we confront them, they will kill us. Most of it goes back to your infancy.''' ,'''Heck, I'm no Henry Mancini or Michel Legrand. I just play the guitar and write songs.''' ,'''I've had a deep love affair with skiing for many years.''' ,'''I think that's one of the things that's missing in a lot of people's lives. That's finding out what works for you and doing that.''' ,'''Divorce is just the most awful thing in the world.''' ,'''I just play the guitar and write songs.''' ,]
+++