+++
author = "Sharon Lawrence"
title = "Sharon Lawrence Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Sharon Lawrence Quotes"
keywords = "sharon lawrence,sharon lawrence quotes,sharon lawrence quote,sharon lawrence sayings,sharon lawrence saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Go out there and see where the world needs your touch. That kind of meaning not only makes you feel more connected to your environment on a local scale, but also to yourself - whether you can operate from something beyond the definition that others might place on you.''' ,'''Technology has already opened the door a bit wider for filmmakers, with smaller digital cameras making production less cumbersome. Social media is allowing self-distribution, and girl groups like Spark Summit are leading the way in calling for fewer Photoshop image alterations of girls in print media.''' ,'''I tend to learn things physically - I guess it's my dance training. I never want to make too many choices too soon - so, while I am thinking about the character and thinking about her history, which is very vague in terms of what is given in the text, I am starting to have ideas about what her home is.''' ,'''Because I was a dancer when I was a kid, I have so much empathy for these young girls who are so drawn to something lovely in music and in movement, and yet they encounter a world full of judgment and criticism of 11-year-old artists and bodies.''' ,'''I would like to go back and spend a Christmas with my family and myself when I was five years old and just see what that dynamic would be like. Observe it. I think it would be a magical gift.''' ,'''My interest in Women in Film came from attending the Crystal Awards in 1998 where Meryl Streep and producers Gale Anne Hurd and Lucy Fisher were honored with the annual award.''' ,'''I was comfortable in my thirties playing the romantic partner, the hero that saves the day, or the woman who is facing a world that revolves around younger kid actors.''' ,'''I was the Chair of the WIFF Foundation, which is the philanthropic arm of Women In Film. The foundation runs the several programs including one that provide our film finishing fund. So we help women complete their films with a grant from Netflix. It's great to be associated with award winning films like 'Freeheld' and 'Circumstance'.''' ,'''I am attracted to the complexities and deeper truths of characters, and I can't name a favourite role any more than I can name a favourite food!''' ,'''You always get things that teach you and steps to grow, but there is a confidence that is gained and a deep understanding of what it means to be supported by your knowledge - not by some team that is there to create confidence; it is there within you. That takes time. That takes teachers. That takes taking risks.''' ,'''I'm somebody who takes risks, for better or worse. Fortunately, most of them have been for the better!''' ,'''I didn't like the 'Survivor' shows because of the mean-spirited aspect, and women certainly were part of whatever conflict they would create.''' ,'''I was interested in working on a show that was driven by women.''' ,'''You are an athlete if you are a dancer.''' ,'''My problem is: as a singer and a dancer, if I get it in my body one way, it is harder for me to be open to something new - to something else; to something that is really organically connected to the piece and not just to my perception of it.''' ,'''Women remain dramatically under-represented as characters in film when compared to their representation in the U.S. population.''' ,'''Florence Nightingale was an amazing figure. She created the American Red Cross. She saw the suffering from bad health conditions on the battlefield and in the military hospitals, and she fought like crazy to change the conditions; to make sure that the doctors washed their hands and practiced sanitary measures. She put herself at great risks.''' ,]
+++