+++
author = "Michael Essien"
title = "Michael Essien Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Michael Essien Quotes"
keywords = "michael essien,michael essien quotes,michael essien quote,michael essien sayings,michael essien saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everything is good at Cobham. I really enjoy it here. I always have a bit of treatment in the morning, and then I go training. It's good.''' ,'''I like Singapore; it is very clean. People speak English and are warm.''' ,'''I'm just a normal person out there enjoying his football. If there's anything I can do to make a better life for the kids in Ghana, I will do it.''' ,'''I had a fantastic career at Chelsea. I was here for almost nine years, and it was great. I have nothing negative to say at all. It was all positive.''' ,'''I still feel Ghanaian, but my mentality is more European.''' ,'''My children have to know where they come from and the way of life in Africa.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I always liked playing football, and my mum always took me to football games. I owe her a lot. She was my pillar. She was the biggest influence on me.''' ,'''Milan is good, and I am settling in nicely, which is important. Everyone is friendly at the club and are looking after me well, so I can't complain.''' ,'''I don't think I've still got things to show Carlo Ancelotti. He has seen me play a lot, even before he was our manager, and he knows what I can do.''' ,'''As a young boy, all we used to watch was the Premier League at that time. I know the FA cup is quite important. It's as important as the Premier League in England. And I had a chance to win it over our biggest rival, and it was also in the new Wembley. It was a great moment.''' ,'''Why haven't I retired? I love this game too much.''' ,'''I loved playing at Anfield, but it could be quite intimidating because you come out of the tunnel and see their fans singing 'You'll Never Walk Alone', and it gives you goosebumps.''' ,'''I'm a man of few words. I don't really like talking.''' ,'''Within weeks of the Ebola hoax dying down, the guys at Health Africa International approached my friends George Weah, Mahamadou Diarra, and I to be part of the initiative in using various forms of communication to promote a Ebola prevention education programme.''' ,'''As a kid, I always wanted to play in Europe.''' ,'''It's a big surprise for me because if somebody asked me when I was playing if Frank Lampard would be a manager, I would say no because he's very quiet.''' ,'''Ghanaians and English people enjoy football the same.''' ,'''I'm not a difficult person. I just want to enjoy my football until I hang up my boots.''' ,'''I've played at the highest level, so I'm just looking forward to enjoying the football, so anywhere there is interest, then yeah. I will consider it.''' ,'''I want to give back to my community, little things I think they need. I went there to open a borehole and a public lavatory and give them a book about myself that we wrote with 'Right to Play.'''' ,'''I sleep 14 hours a day. That helps me get the energy you see on the pitch.''' ,'''I've always enjoyed getting forward, pushing up-field to help us in our attacks, but I think you can still do that from a central position, too. You don't have to sit deep all the time.''' ,'''I had an amazing time at Chelsea. I can't pinpoint to a specific event, but the best moment was the honour of signing for Chelsea because I was proud to be at such a club.''' ,'''I've been following some of the coaches, trying to get a little bit more experience, because coaching is very different from being a player.''' ,'''When I was little, my dream was to come and play in the Premier League. So when Chelsea came in, I said yes straight away.''' ,'''Together with Milan and our media team, we released a statement clearly stating it was a hoax and there was no truth in the rumour that I had Ebola. And that's when the whole thing started to die down. Still, it took about two days or so for people to actually stop talking about it.''' ,'''As a child, I always wanted to come to the Premier League, so when I made the move, I was very happy. Chelsea were on the up - they were doing really good - so I was very excited, and in the end, everything went well here for me.''' ,'''Poverty is everywhere, but in Africa, there is more.''' ,'''Highs have to be all the trophies I won with Chelsea over the 8-9 years I was with them there. We had a good group, and we were winners from the goal keeper right throughout the team. These are the highs you never forget as a player.''' ,'''Teams struggle when they come to Stamford Bridge and, if we score one or two, everything seems to open up for us. We need to work hard to get into that position in the first place, but you can see what happens once we are ahead.''' ,'''I had always said I will like to play for Milan at some stage in my career, so when the opportunity came up, I grabbed it with both hands.''' ,'''I like watching tennis and basketball, but it's not every day you can watch it on TV. I don't play them, though.''' ,'''When I'm about to play in a big match, I take things easy.''' ,'''Indonesia was good - and crazy, too! It was a great experience to play there. I enjoyed the football. It wasn't easy. It's very hot.''' ,'''The African greats who were playing when I was growing up inspired me - players like George Weah, Abedi Pele, Tony Yeboah, Kalusha Bwalya, and all the others who made Africa proud.''' ,'''I'm the kind of person who likes to be lonely. I got my head down and focused on getting fit.''' ,'''I always spend my summer in Ghana. I don't go anywhere else.''' ,]
+++