+++
author = "Cherie Currie"
title = "Cherie Currie Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Cherie Currie Quotes"
keywords = "cherie currie,cherie currie quotes,cherie currie quote,cherie currie sayings,cherie currie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Punk hadn't even begun when The Runaways started, at least not in the US. We had our own sound, straight up glam rock.''' ,'''Neal Shusterman is a phenomenal writer, he's known for his young-adult books.''' ,'''Little did I know how much the Runaways had influenced so many people.''' ,'''I went on to become a drug counselor and then I became a mother, which is the biggest gift I've ever had.''' ,'''I met Joan Jett and Kim Fowley in a club, and all of a sudden this amazing offer comes to me. I'm thinking 'This is all I want to do.' I jumped at the chance.''' ,'''My life has always seemed to move at a fast pace.''' ,'''I wouldn't change a thing except I wish we could have got back together. That's my only regret... Being in the Runaways, we were trailblazers, we changed a lot of people's perspectives on what they could or could not do as females.''' ,'''Well, chainsaw art is when you pick up a log and carve a mermaid or a dolphin or dogs or bears or whatever. I saw some people doing it in Malibu in the early '90s and I couldn't get it out of my head.''' ,'''Would I ever recommend anyone working with Kim Fowley? No. But I feel that The Runaways would never have happened without Kim's tough love, which also brought about the demise of the group.''' ,'''I thought the Runaways always got brushed under the rug. The Go-Go's, at least they always gave us credit.''' ,'''I made a record with my sister, which was a mistake. I didn't listen to that voice in my heart that said, 'This isn't right.' I went ahead and did it anyway. It was a mistake, and so it failed.''' ,'''I couldn't even listen to The Runaways' music for about 20 years.''' ,'''We got such abuse on a daily basis. They were trying to harden us to the reality of the rock'n'roll world but how could we possibly know this wasn't the way it was supposed to be?''' ,'''I never get tired of doing those Runaways songs. My mind is still that young girl up on stage, only a lot wiser. I really enjoy it.''' ,'''I had just been to the David Bowie Diamond Dogs concert, and I kid you not: When I watched him onstage, a lightning bolt came out of the sky and zapped me. I knew at that moment, that's what I wanted to do with my life. It was my calling.''' ,]
+++