+++
author = "Masha Gessen"
title = "Masha Gessen Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Masha Gessen Quotes"
keywords = "masha gessen,masha gessen quotes,masha gessen quote,masha gessen sayings,masha gessen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Putin is an uneducated, unintelligent, uncultured man who has no plan.''' ,'''Both Trump and Putin use language primarily to communicate not facts or opinions but power: it's not what the words mean that matters but who says them and when. This makes it impossible to negotiate with them and very difficult for journalists to cover them.''' ,'''It's not just that both Putin and Trump lie, it is that they lie in the same way and for the same purpose: blatantly, to assert power over truth itself.''' ,'''I worked both as a Russian journalist and an American journalist and ran a bunch of magazines in Moscow over the course of about 20 years.''' ,'''There are a couple of ways to use the word democracy, and the way that I think is productive is to think about democracy as not a state that can actually be achieved, but as an ideal.''' ,'''I think Putin's popularity was genuine when he first came to power. He was seen as a welcome relief from the Yeltsin era.''' ,'''I have a little hope that the nuclear holocaust doesn't happen.''' ,'''Fact checking Donald Trump is a really... It is kind of fun but it is ungratifying because nothing checks out.''' ,'''I have no doubt that there are Russian efforts to disturb the fabric of American democracy, but they're disruption efforts. They're troublemaking efforts. They're also not illegal.''' ,'''In 'Chernobyl,' which was created and written by Craig Mazin and directed by Johan Renck, the material culture of the Soviet Union is reproduced with an accuracy that has never before been seen in Western television or film - or, for that matter, in Russian television or film.''' ,'''I had a very humane, what the great Russian poet Anna Akhmatova would probably have called 'vegetarian,' experience of migration. It involved planes and trains - the actual compartments of passenger trains - and not grueling walking and riding on the roofs of trains.''' ,'''I don't have a lot of hope for Russia when Putin goes, because I think that the kind of damage that has been done to that country hasn't been understood. We've never seen a country that has been this battered.''' ,'''I think that Russia was like a lot of other countries, a lot of empires, in being a tyranny up until the early 20th century. Then Russia had something that no other country has had, which is the longest totalitarian experiment in history.''' ,'''By the mid-noughties, I found that I was no longer the only openly gay person in every setting. At one point, a couple of Moscow magazine publishers even got the idea that they should actively headhunt gay and lesbian staff.''' ,'''There is no law that guarantees press access to the White House. Communication was lessening during the Obama years. There was every reason to suspect that Trump was going to create an adversarial relationship and that people were going to be faced with the impossible dilemma between sort-of-complicity and access.''' ,'''To exercise ignorance, racist prejudice, a love of power and total disregard for factual accuracy, one has to inhabit a world where everything can mean anything and nothing is certain.''' ,'''It seems that probably Putin's father maintained some connection to the secret police throughout his life. One sign of that is that they had a telephone, and people didn't have telephones in the Soviet Union in the 1950s.''' ,'''There's the hypothesis that things just keep happening to Russians, things that keep turning them into the same kind of subjects, as opposed to citizens. The more credible hypothesis, I think, is that there is a kind of trauma, a social trauma that is passed on from generation to generation.''' ,'''Dictators fall when they're overconfident; they stay in power when they're paranoid.''' ,'''I think that Russian meddling in the election is an important issue.''' ,'''Putin really assumed that once Trump - who had such clear admiration for him - was elected, it would be convenient for Trump to change the relationship with Russia profoundly and instantly.''' ,'''Where incompetence is prized, it is ever-present.''' ,'''Since 9/11 we have somehow come to accept the 'radicalization' narrative, which basically holds that people become terrorists through a series of consecutive, traceable steps laid out for them by large international Islamic organizations. Reality is messier, and also smaller.''' ,'''When your doctor and neighbours and child's schoolteachers know you are gay, there is no closet for you to hide in.''' ,'''I would much rather engage people in a conversation about deregulation and reversals of women's rights and civil rights and LGBT rights than conversations about Russian interference.''' ,'''There's something structurally integrated with foreign coverage. Reporters often default to thinking of their government as the sort of ultimate authority.''' ,'''If human rights are an attribute of being human, then we must consider the fact that tens of millions of displaced people around the world have been rendered less than human.''' ,'''I think that when you emigrate, when everything you took for granted disappears, it's a kind of loss of innocence. When you're a kid, the world as you know it is just there. Suddenly, you emigrate and that's no longer the case. It's a break in reality that parachutes you into adulthood.''' ,'''Putin has this ritual of having the televised meetings with ministers. Cameras will be allowed in to film the first five minutes of a meeting that is conducted entirely for the cameras. We don't even know whether the meeting then goes on.''' ,'''Soviet mathematics was particularly good in the second half of the 20th century, basically because of the arms race, because the Soviet Union realized... World War II created the conditions for the Soviet Union to become a superpower.''' ,'''To effectively create the image of an enemy you have to show first of all that the enemy is extremely dangerous, but on the other hand less than human.''' ,'''I have experienced power as a journalist. On three different occasions, when I wrote about individual immigrants or refugees, the article - or, in one case, my presence in the courtroom - appeared to positively change the outcome of their cases.''' ,'''Autocratic power requires the degradation of moral authority - not the capture of moral high ground.''' ,'''For years I was the only publicly out gay person who was not a full-time gay activist: my position as a quasi-foreigner gave me a privileged perch, and my ability to earn money by writing for western publications made me almost impervious to discrimination. Other Russians were not in a hurry to come out.''' ,'''In war you're either a collaborator or you're a resistor. I mean you don't get to be neutral.''' ,'''Putin was very careful to gradually sort of rotate people in and out of power, to make sure that he had competent bureaucrats by his side at all times, to keep the machine running.''' ,'''Russia, at the start of the 21st century, at least in its larger cities, very much resembled the United States of the early 1990s: being gay was no longer criminal or shameful, but it was still not a topic for polite conversation or public discussion.''' ,'''Hate has a great unifying potential.''' ,'''Most Russians actually were living much better by the end of the 1990s than by the beginning of the 1990s. Most Russians were no longer confronting food shortages.''' ,'''You know, I don't walk home alone at night. If I drive into our courtyard after dark, I ask my partner to come outside with the dog to meet me. Those are, you know, basic sort of urban precautions.''' ,'''Putin set out to build a mafia state. He didn't set out to build a totalitarian regime. But he was building his mafia state on the ruins of a totalitarian regime. And so we end up with a mafia state and a totalitarian society.''' ,'''Trump, like Putin, has a demonstrably thin skin and short temper when it comes to being criticized by journalists.''' ,'''We learn to think of history as something that has already happened, to other people. Our own moment, filled as it is with minutiae destined to be forgotten, always looks smaller in comparison.''' ,'''Resignation was the defining condition of Soviet life.''' ,'''What Trump is not smart enough to even grasp is that the kind of popularity that Putin has can only be achieved in the context of retro-totalitarianism.''' ,'''Every time I talk to somebody about Putin, it's like, 'But isn't he vastly popular?' Is that really the most important question? I mean, we can unpack his popularity. I think it's manufactured. I think it's manufactured through totalitarian mechanisms.''' ,'''Incomprehensible messaging is a very important part of Russian propaganda.''' ,'''First of all, radical beliefs are not a predictor of terrorist behavior: most people who hold radical beliefs never become terrorists, and some terrorists don't hold radical beliefs.''' ,'''I mean, hunger strike is almost a ritual in a Russian prison colony. It actually has been going back to Soviet times. It's a way of protesting.''' ,'''Trump very much wants to be liked by Putin and I think sincerely admires him. Putin doesn't know how to deal with somebody who positions himself like that.''' ,'''In the 1990s, there was a lot of reform, and there was a lot of forward movement on a lot of fronts in Russia. There was fundamental economic reform. There was a new constitution and an electoral system built from scratch. But the judicial system was probably the most difficult to reform.''' ,'''Violent behavior predicts violent behavior. Obviously not every domestic abuser will become a terrorist. If somebody is prone to violence, and also has radical beliefs, and also feels very slighted, that's when you have the combination.''' ,'''When totalitarian regimes are established, they at least have the illusion of the single-minded purpose. But once they establish the stature that's necessary for a totalitarian regime, they tend to flail.''' ,'''I think that Putin's strategy has been throwing a lot of money, fairly haphazardly, at a lot of projects aimed at disrupting Western relations and undermining trust in democracies. They may have gotten farther in the States than anywhere else.''' ,'''You know, I think that a conversation about what Facebook is - is it a public resource, even though it's a privately owned corporation? Is it a media company? It is certainly not just a platform, as Facebook has claimed repeatedly. I think that is a really important question.''' ,'''Putin, I believe, was actually born to be a KGB agent. And I say born because I think that his father was also an agent of the secret police in Russia.''' ,'''A political conversation is a conversation in which people with different views come to agreements about how they're going to inhabit this society together.''' ,'''It is so impossible to predict how much influence what you write will have, and what sorts of anxieties and imaginaries it will tap into.''' ,'''Donald Trump ran for autocrat, he didn't run for president. The first thing in autocrat does is take over the media, or alienate the media, which is what Trump is doing, he is doing it actively.''' ,'''My hypothesis is that for people who are both trained and inclined to think in rigorously logical ways, it is particularly difficult to adapt to the Soviet system of doublethink.''' ,'''I really can't abide conspiracy theories, because I believe that everything in the world stems from idiocy and incompetence. That's certainly true of most of what's happened in Russia under Putin.''' ,'''I've learned over the years to hear what Putin is railing against in his own railing way.''' ,'''I do a very good impersonation of an American - I went to high school here - but I've spent most of my life in Russia.''' ,'''I looked at Putin and was terrified from the very beginning. That makes me look very prescient because he actually turned out to be exactly the monster that I thought he was.''' ,'''If you grew up in Boston, you actually grew up thinking that Patriots' Day is a major American holiday, sort of like the other Fourth of July.''' ,'''I was a political journalist for a long time. I wrote a book about Putin. I made all kinds of trouble.''' ,'''St. Petersburg, under the czars, had been a grand city. It was a planned city, and it had - there were all these Parisian architects who had been brought in to build the apartment buildings in the center of town.''' ,'''I wanted to show something that Americans don't usually think about when they think about Russia, which is the extreme stratification of Soviet society.''' ,'''It's very difficult to write in Russian for someone who has never been schooled in Russian.''' ,'''There can be a conspiracy, but the presence of a conspiracy is actually not an excuse for conspiracy thinking.''' ,'''The most difficult and, in some ways, the most rewarding thing I've ever been through was emigrating as a teenager.''' ,'''I would not attribute any strategic thinking to Trump.''' ,'''The thing about the Russian secret police and the Soviet secret police is that one never leaves the secret police. Once a KGB man, always a KGB man.''' ,'''Putin has built a mobilisation society, his sky high popularity numbers, which Donald Trump so envies, are fully dependent on being able to mobilise the population against an enemy and that imagined enemy is the United States.''' ,'''Nobody knows what self-radicalized means, and that's one of the weird things about the way that we talk about terrorism. We talk about radicalization as though it were a thing, as though you could sort of track it and identify it, and that's not the case.''' ,'''Russians didn't elect Trump. Even if there was collusion, even if every hypothesis that has - that is at play in the Russia investigation is proved, still, Americans elected Trump, and he is president.''' ,'''Many Americans have been looking for an explanation for Mr. Trump's apparent adoration of Mr. Putin. How can a powerful, wealthy American man hold affection for the tyrannical, corrupt leader of a hostile power?''' ,'''Of course, Oliver Stone is not Donald Trump. But he shares with him a certain way of seeing the world and being in the world - and the luxury of persisting in this way of being, and even making a spectacle of it.''' ,'''I think some people have blind faith in American institutions without knowing a whole lot about them and think they will stand up to Trump and are indestructible.''' ,'''There's nothing effective against Trump. Trump is Trump. Trump is going to lie. Trump is going to act the way he's acting. No amount of reason, no amount of criticism, no amount of anything is going to work to change Trump's behavior. Putin is exactly the same way.''' ,'''Americans voted for Trump. A lot of people in this country feel the system of representative democracy hasn't worked for them for a long, long time. And those are the issues that this election gives us an unfortunate opportunity to engage with. And engaging instead with the Russia conspiracy takes up that bandwidth.''' ,'''Any country is either becoming more democratic or less democratic. I think the United States hasn't tended to its journey toward democracy in a long time.''' ,'''Most Russians believe they've never met an LGBT person in their lives. Also they immediately see LGBT people as 'other,' lending to the success of singling the group out as a 'problem.'''' ,'''Of course, Putin may well have reasons for wanting Trump to be president - not least Trump's apparent skepticism toward NATO and his lack of opposition to Russia's military interventions in Ukraine and Syria.''' ,'''The Soviet system of propaganda and censorship existed not so much for the purpose of spreading a particular message as for the purpose of making learning impossible, replacing facts with mush, and handing the faceless state a monopoly on defining an ever-shifting reality.''' ,'''My family immigrated to the States in 1981, when I was 14.''' ,'''I think there was certainly contact between the Trump campaign and Russians, which is perfectly normal. All campaigns in the modern age have contact with representatives of foreign governments.''' ,'''Abstracted hatred is incredibly potent. There's never the risk of having it challenged by the reality of living human beings.''' ,'''The American justice system administers punishment. It does not conduct inquests and it does not find facts.''' ,'''I think Donald Trump was brought to power by Americans. They voted for him.''' ,'''I kept thinking, I'm not going to do political journalism, because there's no way to keep my principles and be a political journalist, so I'll edit a popular science magazine. This will be my salvation, and I'll emerge with my integrity intact. That didn't even happen.''' ,'''Scholars of totalitarianism talk about the importance of this constant movement, this forever war, this need to do battle on behalf of something that needs protection. In Russia, this something has been postulated as faith and traditional values.''' ,'''Now, academics are not always the easiest people to talk to, and the scholarly papers aren't always the easiest papers to read, but frankly, psychology papers, especially papers and books on terrorism, are very easy to read, and journalists should be reading them.''' ,'''Poverty and scarcity are actually very good for totalitarian societies. They maintain that sense of mobilization that's essential for totalitarian societies.''' ,'''Journalists casually use terms like crossing the border illegally when referring to asylum seekers - when in fact there is no law that says they must use the ports of entry.''' ,'''I realized - I've been an opposition journalist in Russia for a long time. And I've often considered how real risks are and how much of a risk I can take.''' ,'''There aren't a lot of things that are extraordinary about Putin, but his greed is truly extraordinary.''' ,'''After the Soviet Union collapsed, people thought the last Soviet generation was going to be the great hope for democracy. When that failed, their hopes shifted to the first post-Soviet generation, and then the second one.''' ,'''Basically, Trump's significant first moves have been twofold. To marginalize the media, and to start dismantling the federal government.''' ,]
+++