+++
author = "Nick Wooster"
title = "Nick Wooster Quotes"
quotes_len = "89"
description = "the best 89 Nick Wooster Quotes"
keywords = "nick wooster,nick wooster quotes,nick wooster quote,nick wooster sayings,nick wooster saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'll never forget my transition from pleated pants to plain front pants. It was the late '80s. I couldn't get rid of those pleated pants fast enough.''' ,'''In the scheme of things, I'm just a guy who gets my picture taken.''' ,'''I think many men are either time poor or have little interest in going to stores. I love stores.''' ,'''Lardini is my go-to tailor. They work with me on a lot of personal things, which is nice.''' ,'''I really like neck tattoos and hand tattoos. They're just not for me.''' ,'''Anybody can make a thousand dollar garment because you find the finest fabric and the finest mills, and you churn that out.''' ,'''A classic fishtail parka, anorak, mackintosh, windbreaker, pea coat, or jean jacket will get you through every season.''' ,'''I have been a fan of Forty Five Ten since my first visit to Dallas in 2010, when I was working with the hometown competitor.''' ,'''A man in Tom Ford will develop a nice, long relationship with the brand. Ford is very smart about positioning his product. He's a name that is going to remain huge.''' ,'''My advice to young people - wait until it's your turn. Just kidding, sorta.''' ,'''I always say, I have been fired from more jobs than most people would ever have had in their entire career.''' ,'''Fashion comes and goes; prints come and go. Proper camo never really goes away.''' ,'''Men shop for problem solving. They want something familiar. So if it's a new version of something they understand, they are right there with it and, hopefully, loving it.''' ,'''Not all black T-shirts are created equal.''' ,'''Everyone looks better in clothes that skim the body. Items that fit properly make you look better than wearing something oversize.''' ,'''There are so many more people in Tokyo than in New York, but it's pristine. It's so organized, and yet the address system is in complete chaos.''' ,'''Instagram is my 401k.''' ,'''I went through a Billy Idol phase. I had white hair when Peter Rizzo hired me at Barneys.''' ,'''Oh God, I am so pro-shorts. I love shorts.''' ,'''It's a love-and-hate relationship with New York. Much like Hong Kong, it's expensive, crowded, the weather is not so nice. But New York is home, and I love New York.''' ,'''If someone tells me I can't wear something, that's the moment when I want to wear it.''' ,'''You really can't function without a phone or an iPad.''' ,'''I never wear a black belt with a black shoe. It's always the opposite: a brown shoe with a black belt.''' ,'''There's something about the U.S. and Japan: two opposite ends of the planet, two completely different languages, and yet, especially in menswear, they share this kind of idealized way of dressing that is so close to what we do in America.''' ,'''When I was a kid, my parents were happy to buy me clothes; they provided for me.''' ,'''I am probably biased, but I think social media is the great equalizer. It gives everyone a megaphone. Young people who might not have had the platform for exposure can now get their ideas out to a very receptive audience.''' ,'''I have a reputation that was sort of built on suits and boots, so I'm a huge fan of the sartorial equivalent of a mullet, where you're business on top and party on the bottom.''' ,'''I'm really pretty classic.''' ,'''What I love about travel and shopping is seeing how different retailers in London, Paris, and New York interpret the same collection. I like to find the best store in town and take a good look because there will always be a nuance that you just can't get anywhere else.''' ,'''I was 39 when I did, essentially, a three-quarter sleeve on my left arm. It was very late in life, which is good: I can't think of any decision I made at 19 that I'd be happy with at 39 or even now, at 51.''' ,'''Great product trumps all. You can have the biggest marketing budget, the biggest show, a perfect merchandising plan, but at the end of the day, it doesn't mean anything if the design and quality of the product you are offering is not compelling.''' ,'''I still think of myself as a retailer first, but I also know how to make clothes.''' ,'''I got fired from Neiman Marcus and Bergdorfs, and JC Penney didn't work out.''' ,'''I think Hong Kong has always had this tradition of custom-made suits, which I've never done but love the idea of.''' ,'''I think with black tie, you can't really do too much. I think you have to pretty much stick to the rules on that.''' ,'''I happen to have an expensive clothing habit, so, for me, designing clothes is a way to kill two birds with one stone.''' ,'''Yes, there are probably too many tattoos. But there are too many bad haircuts, too many bad shoe choices, too many bad jeans.''' ,'''In Japan, the attention to detail in customer service is an experience that is unlike anywhere else. It's really quite special. I think everyone who's interested in fashion would do well to take a trip to learn about presentation and the way the merchandise is handed to you. These are skills that no one really thinks about.''' ,'''Fit and fabric are paramount. If the jacket fits, it doesn't matter what price you paid for it - you will look and feel fantastic.''' ,'''I did well in school and was able to excel in those areas where I knew I needed to be good at.''' ,'''I carry both a Blackberry and an iPhone. But for my job, the iPhone is essential because of picture-taking and because of picture sharing.''' ,'''I grew up in the '60s and '70s when men were required to wear a suit, shirt, and tie every day to be taken seriously. I was at the tail end of that generation, and it had a significant impact on me.''' ,'''Outside of white button-down oord cloth shirts, Trickers brogues, 501s, and Ray-Ban Aviators, the single item of clothing that I have had in my closet consistently since 1982 is a pair of black-and-white checked Vans. They are the lazy man's shoe - perfect for dog walking and security lines at the airport.''' ,'''Getting dressed, for me, is like a window to my soul.''' ,'''Just about everyone is quick to judge plastic surgery, especially on a man. We've all seen people who end up looking a little scary.''' ,'''I've decided I'm no longer pulling sweaters over my head. Maybe that's sort of an old man thing, but if it is, I'm there.''' ,'''I'm so obsessed with Apple, and the chance to work with the people who really created Apple retail is the retail opportunity of a lifetime.''' ,'''Clothes are an amazing tool. They are an amazing way to hide a multitude of sins; they're an amazing way to be creative. Clothes can do so many things. But at the end of the day, if they don't serve you, it's just a waste of time. Then it is frivolous.''' ,'''Dress for your body type and not your age.''' ,'''Some people are born with a caul. I was born with a jacket.''' ,'''I love the idea of the sartorial mix of fatigues and a great blazer.''' ,'''I love London, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Paris - there are a million places I could imagine I like, but N.Y. is home.''' ,'''A gray flannel suit by Thom Browne or Tom Ford can be worn a billion ways. I'll wear a gray flannel jacket with a white shirt, gray flannel tie, beat-up fatigues, and a dress shoe or Carpe Diem boots.''' ,'''I almost always wear a jacket, but I like different jackets. I also like funny pants.''' ,'''My dad was a mechanic, and I have great style memories of him. He wore, every single day: a blue chambray shirt, Levi's 501s, and Red Wing boots. And that certainly wasn't fashionable at the time; it was basically the opposite. And he wore these horn rim glasses that were very Sol Moscot.''' ,'''I recognize that, to someone who doesn't know my history, maybe I seem like this guy who gets dressed up for the Internet.''' ,'''A Mac PowerBook is a thing to behold.''' ,'''I feel like the menswear blogger is a special breed, and by that, I mean they really have brought menswear out of the closet and into the public discourse where guys are not afraid to talk about style, dressing, clothes.''' ,'''The only pair of trousers a guy needs are grey flannel.''' ,'''I've seen a few lookalikes, and that kind of freaks me out, but then I'm not the first person on the planet to have tattoos, and I'm not the first person to have hair or a tattoo sleeve.''' ,'''I truly find inspiration everywhere. I always tell students, and young people starting out, that the single most important skill, next to listening, is to pay attention. You never know where inspiration will strike.''' ,'''To me, how you dress is a way to show you care.''' ,'''I've always dressed differently. I've always had my own deal.''' ,'''I'm not just a designer; I'm not just a retailer. I'm not just a street style person, whatever that is. I can instead do a little bit of everything.''' ,'''The Japanese are the ultimate students: they analyse things in so much detail... until they have pretty much mastered whatever they are studying.''' ,'''I think that good, great things can come at every price.''' ,'''I would never, ever call myself a createur or a designer. I'm more of an amalgamator or a D.J., taking two things that don't go together and making them go together.''' ,'''I always say that MTV cribs is what brought straight men into the fashion world. Once they sort of saw sports guys and music guys had, like, a billion sneakers, they realized, 'Oh, you mean I can have more than one?'''' ,'''Clothes and fashion should work in people's lives. Period.''' ,'''I understand I'm not everyone's cup of tea, and I certainly don't want everyone to look like me. I really only dress for myself.''' ,'''Texas has a uniquely warm climate. So fabric weights and lengths of coats are always a concern.''' ,'''I actually come from a long line of barbers.''' ,'''I like clothes. When I realized as a child that you had to wear them, and it takes the same amount of effort to look good or not, I figured out long ago that I only wanted stuff that I loved and looked good in.''' ,'''I love Italian food - especially Tuscan-style cuisine.''' ,'''I have to say, I love the summer, but I don't love summer clothes to the degree I love fall clothes.''' ,'''Fire Island Pines is my perfect escape from N.Y.C. on weekends. Beautiful beaches, great restaurants, and fun people - exactly what I need after a crazy New York week.''' ,'''I did this the hard way. I have worked my entire life in this business, and I've done the work - from being on the selling floor to learning to speak Italian to work with manufacturers with John Bartlett. I've done it all. I've paid my dues.''' ,'''I'm a kid from Kansas, so J.C. Penney was where I got all my clothes from kindergarten to around 7th grade.''' ,'''I think a lot of gay kids in the midwest or in places not in New York have to overachieve in order to sort of get through the fear of what they're going through.''' ,'''To me, a Harris Tweed jacket is the kind of thing you should be able to have in your closet years from now - possibly it was your father's jacket or, even better, your grandfather's jacket.''' ,'''Thom Browne is, in my opinion, one of the great minds in men's wear.''' ,'''My face doesn't look the same way it did at 39. My body doesn't look the same way it did at 39.''' ,'''I think the way you dress is a direct reflection out of what you will get out of your day; you make the effort, people will notice. You'll feel better, and those around you will feel better.''' ,'''I'm probably one of the most fearful persons in the world, but not when it comes to getting dressed.''' ,'''Bloggers and stores and publications and brands and houses all need to sort of take a deep breath and relax because no one is going away. The brands aren't going away. The designers, bloggers, publications aren't going away.''' ,'''For me, a Thom Browne suit is an investment.''' ,'''I always treat camo as a solid.''' ,'''I guess I know how to dress myself, and that's probably the only thing I can do, so it's nice that somebody notices.''' ,'''Camo is almost like a solid. It is the perfect uniform: you can wear camo in any application and it is always right.''' ,]
+++