+++
author = "Carlo Rubbia"
title = "Carlo Rubbia Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Carlo Rubbia Quotes"
keywords = "carlo rubbia,carlo rubbia quotes,carlo rubbia quote,carlo rubbia sayings,carlo rubbia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Soon after my degree, in 1958 I went to the United States to enlarge my experience and to familiarize myself with particle accelerators. I spent about one and a half years at Columbia University.''' ,'''In order to be vigorously continued, nuclear power must be profoundly modified.''' ,'''Around 1960, I moved back to Europe, attracted by the newly founded European Organization for Nuclear Research where, for the first time, the idea of a joint European effort in a field of pure science was to be tried in practice.''' ,'''In Italy there's perhaps a little less space than in Spain, but there's certainly as much sunshine.''' ,'''High-energy collisions have led to the observation of many hundreds of new hadronic particle states. These new particles, which are generally unstable, appear to be just as fundamental as the neutron and the proton.''' ,'''Quark-antiquark collisions cannot be realized directly since free quarks are not available. The closest substitute is to use collisions between protons and antiprotons.''' ,'''I have to be where the best work can be done.''' ,'''You have two alternatives. One: you can put your life on hold and wait for the phone to ring. Two: you run ahead as if your life depended on it.''' ,'''We have to be aware that fossil fuel energy sources have an expiry date. A timeframe of 30, 40 or 50 years can seem a long time to get rewards for economic policy, but it's only a short time for implementing a new energy policy.''' ,'''I was born in the small town of Gorizia, Italy, on 31 March, 1934. My father was an electrical engineer at the local telephone company and my mother an elementary school teacher.''' ,'''As a boy, I was deeply interested in scientific ideas, electrical and mechanical, and I read almost everything I could find on the subject. I was attracted more by the hardware and construction aspects than by the scientific issues.''' ,'''In big science, the role of the individual scientist must be carefully preserved. So is the one of original ideas and of contributions.''' ,'''I'm stubborn; I know what I want. I'll dedicate all my efforts to achieving it.''' ,'''A distinction between renewable and not renewable energy is academic.''' ,]
+++