+++
author = "Jocelyn Wildenstein"
title = "Jocelyn Wildenstein Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Jocelyn Wildenstein Quotes"
keywords = "jocelyn wildenstein,jocelyn wildenstein quotes,jocelyn wildenstein quote,jocelyn wildenstein sayings,jocelyn wildenstein saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In the beginning, it's why I stopped correcting my appearance - because the articles were mean and would repeat the image that my ex-husband tried to paint of me.''' ,'''I love my children dearly, they are my blood. I want nothing more to have them back in my life.''' ,'''I never worry for my career.''' ,'''All the riches in the world do not come close to the happiness of having children and being a mother.''' ,'''The lynx has perfect eyes.''' ,'''Africa is a paradise. You meet people who look at life differently. They love the adventure.''' ,'''I am not employed and my only income is Social Security.''' ,'''When I got divorced I was so happy. I love to be spontaneous, I was enjoying my freedom.''' ,'''It's always been like this since I left school - a lot of traveling.''' ,'''I am very good at decoration. I am maybe extremely good at decoration.''' ,'''I did a lot of camping in Africa, because what does it mean to go to Africa if you don't camp along the river and see the animals come to drink at the water?''' ,'''You know, I think plastic surgery is the way you keep your skin.''' ,'''When you reach 50 you like to have a certain freedom because it's really the time you can show you achieved something.''' ,'''I have pet snakes.''' ,'''I think around the world is more fun, no? It's more fun to be around the world.''' ,'''You never know if you're ready for a relationship.''' ,'''When we are young there's a certain freshness we lose with the years.''' ,'''I got a lifetime trust with millions in it.''' ,'''I may one day be the oldest person in the world to have cosmetic surgery.''' ,'''When the children were growing, I didn't want to speak about the family.''' ,'''I have flawless skin.''' ,'''I often turn to friends and family in order to pay my ongoing expenses.''' ,'''One Catwoman in the world! It's amazing because you have to have a sense of humour, it's a must.''' ,'''How can I pay for dental care, doctors, the expenses of my homes or traveling. I have nothing to pay with.''' ,'''If I show you pictures of my grandmother, what you see is these eyes - cat eyes - and high cheekbones.''' ,]
+++