+++
author = "Ralph Hasenhuttl"
title = "Ralph Hasenhuttl Quotes"
quotes_len = "78"
description = "the best 78 Ralph Hasenhuttl Quotes"
keywords = "ralph hasenhuttl,ralph hasenhuttl quotes,ralph hasenhuttl quote,ralph hasenhuttl sayings,ralph hasenhuttl saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Our only objective is to find solutions to get us through the challenges we face each day.''' ,'''Roy Hodgson is a very good manager with a clear plan.''' ,'''We have six teams at the level of Bayern Munich in the Premier League.''' ,'''Music has brought me a lot of emotional moments.''' ,'''I was always a little bit compared to Jurgen because my core of working is working against the ball.''' ,'''My goal is to get my name known in the Premier League. I want to put my footsteps in the snow.''' ,'''Tennis always fascinated me, because it made every demand: technology, tactics, physique, endurance. The competition of one against one has a very special charm.''' ,'''As a player I had a few idols but that's not really interesting any more. I was a striker and focusing on guys like Marco van Basten but as a coach I want to make my own footsteps.''' ,'''If you know my kind of football, you will know I'm about training sessions, working on habits. If you have the chance to do that, okay. If you don't though, it's not so easy to change something about the team.''' ,'''That's the way we want to go. Make smaller targets and then step by step developing.''' ,'''After a disappointing game, we don't want to look back.''' ,'''Statistically, the chance of creating a goal is higher within 10 seconds of winning the ball.''' ,'''Sometimes I forget to shake hands with the other manager. I apologise. I'm learning, but I have a very good relationship with my players and also the crowd.''' ,'''I'm always challenging myself, looking forward I'm not afraid of anything.''' ,'''To be honest helps you a lot to not waste time. It's also the way I help the players most. It doesn't matter if it is the captain or the last reserve player, I try to be honest.''' ,'''I guess they draw the comparisons with Jurgen because, just like him, I tend to live the technical area and I am as emotional when celebrating.''' ,'''I want to be my own character.''' ,'''Every opposition needs to be played in a different way and the formation depends on the opposition's strengths.''' ,'''My talent in playing football was not the highest but I was very hard-working, interested to learn and get better, and this focus made me better and better.''' ,'''Jurgen has a very proactive way to play, he set marks in Germany with his kind of football and that really influenced my style.''' ,'''Gaming is something you have to force actively against and I will do this.''' ,'''I enjoy it very much to work in the best league in the world.''' ,'''When I left Leipzig I was thinking about my next step, and I want to stand in front of a new team, new language, to get developed personally and in my view of football. That's why I made the decision to come to Southampton.''' ,'''I trained with Chelsea for two weeks under Glenn Hoddle when they were in the relegation zone - it was a long time ago. And I also trained for Bolton when I was a young player. I was very clear, very soon, that I was missing a lot for that level.''' ,'''It's about winning the ball, making this step or making the right decision. If you make all of these steps then wins, a final position in the table will come on its own.''' ,'''I think it's not so difficult to get a good atmosphere in St Mary's.''' ,'''I am a very emotional guy.''' ,'''The young players are only thinking about what they can win and that can sometimes be an advantage for you.''' ,'''We have four parts of our game: working against the ball; in possession; losing the ball; winning the ball. If you are good in all four parts, you have a good chance of winning.''' ,'''It wouldn't be the worst thing if you don't play that well but take points.''' ,'''If you want to be in front of Bayern, you have to play a perfect season.''' ,'''The top clubs in the Premier League benefit very much from the fact that there are six teams on a very high level. They have so many games against each other so that they practically play Champions League the whole year. That helps them very much to persist in the international games.''' ,'''I want to bring the players to their limits.''' ,'''I am always challenging myself.''' ,'''It's better to be incognito because otherwise everyone is talking to you because they know you - and you can't concentrate on the training because everyone is talking to you.''' ,'''On the piano, I cover all styles. I turn to it for inspiration in sport, and whenever I need my rest.''' ,'''It would be worse if I have players who are happy if they sit on the bench, because that doesn't mean that we develop our game.''' ,'''I played until 37-years-old and my last three or four years I learnt the most.''' ,'''I know there are no guarantees of winning and the only thing we have is to work on chances. If you want guarantees buy a washing machine.''' ,'''It costs me a lot to stay calm during a game.''' ,'''I have heard of worse fates than succeeding the longest-serving manager in England.''' ,'''I play the piano when I'm alone at home in the evening. Sometimes for friends when we are together, singing together, to create a nice atmosphere.''' ,'''If you want to be ahead of a team that never loses, that's not easy.''' ,'''I think when you invest a lot, you earn your rewards.''' ,'''I am a manager who tries to be respectful and also very demanding.''' ,'''Bohemian Rhapsody' is fantastic. I like to play it, it's beautiful.''' ,'''I play the piano.''' ,'''To work for the team and for the success of the team. That is more important than one ego.''' ,'''To take something in the Emirates Stadium is far away from being easy but we don't think about that.''' ,'''To take over a bottom club is the best thing that can happen to you as a coach. There's a significantly higher chance that you can turn things around than failing.''' ,'''I'm looking forward, not afraid of anything.''' ,'''My goal is to get my name known here in the Premier League.''' ,'''We will have a lot of video sessions and it will get mind-blowing for the guys. The training sessions are forcing you to be really concentrated and therefore I want them to discuss it, for them to come to me. It is all about input, it's about mindset.''' ,'''If you want to be a part of a team I manage, it is important to put your ego to one side.''' ,'''You never stop learning.''' ,'''There are some games that are very special for the fans and they are really looking forward for these games, but for us as a manager in the moment it's not in our focus.''' ,'''The players know what they have with Southampton, what they can expect from us, and that's the main part.''' ,'''I play music from Queen, to Elton John, to classic.''' ,'''We've got to get better and keep making even more progress.''' ,'''We show a player every good thing he does for the team, but if he makes a bad thing for the team, he will also hear about that, in front of the other players.''' ,'''If you play an intense way, an aggressive way, we are good, we can score, we can create chances.''' ,'''Our philosophy is to give the young players a chance for the future because they are our future.''' ,'''I don't know, at times I run a bit too far onto the pitch. But that's only in exceptional circumstances, and Jurgen does it too when a goal is scored!''' ,'''The higher we are, the more the focus will be on us and that means our opponents are going to try even harder against us.''' ,'''For us it's important that we should become a team that is not easy to play against.''' ,'''In football, there are no guarantees.''' ,'''I found my luck in Leipzig. We achieved the goal of playing internationally much faster than we had intended. There are certainly worse destinies than being coach of such a team.''' ,'''I had not so much talent. I was a striker who could score, but running was not my main goal.''' ,'''I can't take a view of the future of every player.''' ,'''I always challenge myself.''' ,'''We are studying the opponent all the time and it is maybe about chess and finding the right move at the right moment and that makes this so interesting.''' ,'''I get enthused by good football because I love this sport. I don't care about which jersey the teams are wearing or which sponsor pays them.''' ,'''I was always in my mind that for the top-six clubs in England my name was not big enough.''' ,'''We are all ambitious but important for me first is to have a stable spine to the team.''' ,'''It was something I always wanted to do: see how other people work.''' ,'''You always have to reflect how you can become an awkward team to play against.''' ,'''It's not about being happy, it's about being successful.''' ,'''I have a wonderful flat in Southampton and sometimes after games I have friends and family round and we have very nice evenings - especially after wins.''' ,]
+++