+++
author = "Vince Offer"
title = "Vince Offer Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Vince Offer Quotes"
keywords = "vince offer,vince offer quotes,vince offer quote,vince offer sayings,vince offer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You gotta learn a lesson as you go through life.''' ,'''To be truthful, not much 'engineering' goes into the ShamWow!''' ,'''Humor has been a major component in our past successes; a good joke and a good product combined can get a lot of people talking.''' ,'''That ShamWow! commercial was really low budget. That cost us like $20,000 to make.''' ,'''Consumers and retailers should always beware of imitators.''' ,'''I had sold products in flea markets before and I thought a cleaning product would be a good idea. So, in 2006, I came up with the ShamWow! I had seen this type of product at fairs, but it wasn't well marketed. And from there, I went to this factory in Germany that made them for me.''' ,'''Save time, save money, save the environment. Forget the environment, save yourself.''' ,'''Fame didn't change me.''' ,'''Just because a product says 'As Seen on TV' and looks like my product doesn't mean it performs like my product or will sell like my product.''' ,'''God slaps you around a little bit when you drink too much.''' ,'''With ShamWow, I had to become my own distributor because no one wanted it. Out of necessity you become something you're not expecting. It was actually a blessing.''' ,'''You know the Germans always make good stuff.''' ,'''People understand you make mistakes in life.''' ,'''Offer is actually my first name. My Dad is Israeli, so that isn't totally made up.''' ,]
+++