+++
author = "Victoria Monet"
title = "Victoria Monet Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Victoria Monet Quotes"
keywords = "victoria monet,victoria monet quotes,victoria monet quote,victoria monet sayings,victoria monet saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Songwriting is such a sensitive energy. It's just a vibration of frequencies.''' ,'''The best records are not perfect. They don't sound digital or like someone applied rules.''' ,'''With pop songs, they usually have a three-month roll out.''' ,'''I feel like I'm representing fem energy as a bisexual black female.''' ,'''In order to talk about what I really want to talk about, people have to know that my sexuality is a part of that.''' ,'''One time I was performing so hard that I chipped my tooth on the microphone. For the rest of the show I was afraid to smile because I wasn't sure how much of my tooth was gone.''' ,'''At first, I didn't even realize how low on the totem pole I am. First of all, I'm a woman. Second of all, I'm of color. Third of all, I'm queer.''' ,'''As songwriters and artists we get a lot of attention and gratification when we write about the moments that have hurt us, and in turn, sometimes we'll seek out more hurt so we can write more things that people like.''' ,'''Freak' was a fan favorite on the Dangerous Woman Tour, so I'm so excited to see everyone creating their own videos of the dance routine and showing their freaky side.''' ,'''I know that social media's said to be a really dangerous place, and it is.''' ,'''You just gotta use the sunset as a reset button and start over in the morning with every chance you get to open your eyes.''' ,'''I want everyone to feel like I'm looking them in the eye, I'm hearing what they're saying, I value their opinion because I do.''' ,'''I'm an advocate for women to become more aware of the different positions in the music industry.''' ,'''People go hard with the scams. Make sure you know who you're working with and what the contract says.''' ,'''I have dreams of working with some of the greatest to ever do it, including Sade, Beyonce, Janet Jackson, Babyface, Smokey Robinson, and Timbaland.''' ,'''So basically, Travis Scott took files from Tommy Brown and took them to Kanye and said he produced them and it was on video. He took a song I had written a hook to and took it to Teyana Taylor for her to do and change a little bit.''' ,]
+++