+++
author = "Julia Louis-Dreyfus"
title = "Julia Louis-Dreyfus Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Julia Louis-Dreyfus Quotes"
keywords = "julia louis-dreyfus,julia louis-dreyfus quotes,julia louis-dreyfus quote,julia louis-dreyfus sayings,julia louis-dreyfus saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We are 5 percent of the global population and consume a third of the total resources - on some level we should all feel guilty relative to the world.''' ,'''I'm particularly fortunate to be in a position where I can bring my child to work and be able to get good child care. Not a lot of women have that.''' ,'''There's a pressure regardless of that to do a good show.''' ,'''If you feel rooted in your home and family, if you're active in your community, there's nothing more empowering. The best way to make a difference in the world is to start by making a difference in your own life.''' ,'''It is, I think, harder for women. I haven't quite figured it out, and all of my women friends haven't figured it out -how the hell do you do this? How do you work and have families?''' ,'''I've actually considered going with my married name, Julia Hall, but all the paperwork.''' ,'''New York is nice, but I don't like it as much as I used to.''' ,'''The schedule of doing a live TV show every week is very difficult.''' ,'''Some people can sometimes really invade your space and kind of never leave you alone.''' ,'''L.A. I could live without.''' ,'''I walk around feeling a sort of existential guilt all the time; and honestly for me this house is a way of feeling less guilty about the universe.''' ,'''My goal is, of course, for this show to do well, and I would love it if people liked it.''' ,'''As an actress, it appeals to me because I love the idea of playing those in-between moments, the sort of behavioral stuff that one might not normally see.''' ,'''The Seinfeld motto: No learning, no hugging.''' ,'''Even my great grand-mother did impressions.''' ,'''The war and terrorism in the Middle East, the crisis of leadership in many of the oil-supply countries in the developing world, the crisis of global warming - all these are very clearly tied to energy.''' ,'''I guess if I wrote a book one day, it would be about hair.''' ,'''I really do like to work. I will work again. But on my terms.''' ,'''I always wanted to perform.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I always thought my hair was messy.''' ,'''I think Elaine would go out with anyone if they showed interest in her. She's nuts. The woman's nuts.''' ,'''Doing a half-hour TV show is a dream.''' ,'''I dropped out of college my junior year to do Saturday Night Live, and I didn't even consult my parents. They were very supportive because they had no choice.''' ,'''Before computers, telephone lines and television connect us, we all share the same air, the same oceans, the same mountains and rivers. We are all equally responsible for protecting them.''' ,'''It's much more acceptable for men to work and father kids. There's an inherent inequality, because we want to do it all, and I don't know how we can do this all.''' ,'''Elaine is just in pain. I think Elaine has become very, very sad woman. She is someone who is in deep need of many hours of analysis and I like to think that I'm not that type of person.''' ,'''I'm not the type to cut back on hot showers, but there's no harm in hot water when it's warmed by the sun.''' ,'''Making a movie is a long, dull process. There's a lot of waiting around.''' ,'''And Seinfeld is so quick: we crank out one show a week, and the hours are very reasonable.''' ,'''I have no agenda except to be funny. Neither I or the writers profess to offer any worldly wisdom.''' ,'''When I got pregnant my foot grew, but I was denying it. I've been denying it for three years.''' ,'''The fact of the matter is that everybody treats me pretty much as one of the boys, which I take as a great compliment.''' ,'''Everybody seems to know me. It's very strange.''' ,]
+++