+++
author = "Aparshakti Khurana"
title = "Aparshakti Khurana Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Aparshakti Khurana Quotes"
keywords = "aparshakti khurana,aparshakti khurana quotes,aparshakti khurana quote,aparshakti khurana sayings,aparshakti khurana saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have always been a person who wanted to act. I have never dreamed about being a hero. I never think of a part as small or big. If I like a script I am offered, I immerse myself into the world it set in.''' ,'''Getting home-made food cooked by mom is a blessing. I feel I inherit my creativity through the food she cooks for me.''' ,'''I know chances like 'Dangal' are rare. It's something that will be difficult to live down. But it's something I'll cherish for a lifetime.''' ,'''Once I failed in cricket, I joined a law course, but when it also did not work out, it was another setback. When you get back-to-back failures, you automatically start to work harder in life.''' ,'''Whenever you try to say something in a sincere way, it gets communicated no matter what the genre.''' ,'''The only thing I have tried to do is be a part of different films and bring out a different side of me as an actor every time I play a character. I would like to be known as a versatile actor.''' ,'''Films are never meant as solutions; they just provide entertainment value.''' ,'''The best thing about working with Tahira bhabhi is her positivity and clarity about what she wants from you as an artist, an actor, and even as a brother-in-law. I think she is very clear about life, and that's what I love about her.''' ,'''I give the credit of my success to my wife Aakriti, who keeps me going in life and inspires me in various ways.''' ,'''There are a lot of people who approached me after 'Dangal' and 'Stree' to do films in lead roles with great money. But I don't want to rush into it. I want you to call me with a happy face that the film is rocking... And that will only happen if I make wise and patient decisions.''' ,'''I come from a theatre group called Drama Tech in Delhi. When its founder Mr. Chopra called me and appreciated my work, that was also satisfying because he gave me my first play.''' ,'''It's more important to be a good person than a good actor.''' ,'''Whenever I meet people, they call me Bittu of Stree or Omkar of Dangal. And I believe not many people know that I'm the brother of Ayushmann.''' ,'''My areas of expertise are acting, comedy, radio jockeying.''' ,'''Whenever you try to preach something, people will not accept or invite it into their lives. But if it is said in a light way, people understand it better, and it is as true for films as it is for life.''' ,'''I would call myself a radio performer who has just jumped in front of the camera and is very happy.''' ,'''When you are making a film, you do not know how it is going to be received by the audience. In fact, if you set out to make a film thinking that it will make 100 crores, it never ends up making that much money.''' ,'''Failure and rejection are important. Otherwise, you won't value success.''' ,'''I do not keep a track of numbers as such, but I am definitely aware of how a film of mine is doing when it is playing in theatres. More than the numbers, it is important to know how the audience is reacting to the film.''' ,'''I believe real brothers or sisters should not do a film together. People tend to compare. They don't think twice before saying anything.''' ,'''My brother was a radio jockey while I was studying law. I have assisted a lawyer at the High Court. But I decided to give it up. I cleared auditions for radio jockey in the first go, and within a week, I was on air.''' ,'''I don't want to play the lead and look like a hero. I am open to do character roles; what is the harm in it?''' ,'''I speak Hindi with a Punjabi accent, not a Haryanvi accent.''' ,'''In 2009, it was the right time to start working in the radio industry.''' ,'''When you start your creative journey after failures, I think you already work to perform and want to give your best. I was blessed to have the right kind of people around me.''' ,'''In acting, one should look at the film in totality. Improvisations should only be made keeping in mind the limits of a character. Always believe in team work.''' ,'''My modus operandi is to become a better actor.''' ,'''My journey is different from other star brothers, kids, or sisters. I think that is one of the main reasons that people don't question me on this. So far, the media and the audiences have not really roped me into the ambit of nepotism.''' ,]
+++