+++
author = "Bradley Wright-Phillips"
title = "Bradley Wright-Phillips Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Bradley Wright-Phillips Quotes"
keywords = "bradley wright-phillips,bradley wright-phillips quotes,bradley wright-phillips quote,bradley wright-phillips sayings,bradley wright-phillips saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you're playing against a European side, you want to show that we can play too. You want to prove MLS is a good league when you're playing against those teams.''' ,'''When I'm out with Shaun people will come up to him for five minutes, sometimes longer, and as they're leaving they'll say: 'Oh, you must be, erm, Bradley.' I don't mind at all.''' ,'''Who doesn't want play with Thierry Henry?''' ,'''I would stay up till 3 A.M. playing Xbox or Playstation, go training at 8:30 A.M., go home and sleep and wake up at a crazy time like 7 P.M. and eat something ridiculous like a pizza and then get back on my computer. I was not living right and I wondered why I was not starting games.''' ,'''A big part of my game is movement. The players that I play with understand that and took the time to see where I like to run, and it's worked out.''' ,'''I know what's good enough for me. I know what makes me happy.''' ,'''I think England has got some great players.''' ,'''I've seen people fall over and get fouls. I don't do that.''' ,'''I remember at Man City when you saw people like Andy Cole walk through the door, you start thinking: 'We can get into Europe.'''' ,'''There's so many things Thierry's taught me, just how you go about being a professional.''' ,'''If you don't win the MLS Cup it doesn't matter, so we know that the big one is the MLS Cup and we'll give our all to win it.''' ,'''I always liked fashion. I like to dress up on days off - the weekend and go out - I have a friend that worked in a hat shop in Soho, and he came to me and asked me to design a logo and a hat. I did and I showed it to him and he loved it.''' ,'''I have relatives in New York.''' ,'''As long as I'm playing well, I'm happy, and happy playing anywhere.''' ,'''I would hope my children do not like NYCFC.''' ,'''It's not one or two player that makes you a good team.''' ,'''It's hard in England. If I didn't score for three games, there was the chance someone would take my place or I would be loaned out.''' ,'''Where I'm from, everyone wore tracksuits. If I was younger and I got a new tracksuit, hat, trainers, you couldn't tell me I didn't look good.''' ,'''I don't really like too much credit. I know nobody's going to believe this, but I'd rather be able to score goals and nobody saw or even spoke about it. That would be just about the perfect world for me.''' ,'''So much of my game is owed to Thierry. We text regularly.''' ,'''Growing up, I wasn't a big guy; I struggled to hold on to the ball.''' ,'''I don't want to go back to Europe. I've said that several times.''' ,'''Every day I train with him I try to learn so even if it don't work out I can take something somewhere else because it's Thierry Henry. I grew up watching that guy scoring goals for Arsenal. I'm very lucky to have played with him. I just try to listen to him on the pitch, and stay close.''' ,'''There are strikers all over the world who wouldn't get the goals if they didn't have a creative midfielder or someone that enjoys making assists.''' ,'''When people say I don't get recognition, it doesn't matter. If I'm scoring, what does it mean? If I'm still playing well and I'm still helping my team, I don't care who thinks I'm amazing or who doesn't.''' ,'''The only thing that matters is the MLS Cup.''' ,'''From the bottom of my heart, I've always found compliments hard to take. It makes me feel awkward.''' ,'''Sean Davis is one of the best youngsters I've been around. He's got an old head on his shoulders and he's a very good player.''' ,'''Anywhere attacking, I will go. Where the manager says to go, I will try and do the job.''' ,'''I'm not Giovinco. I don't get the ball and dribble past three players.''' ,'''I'm not really a big fan of doing interviews.''' ,'''Growing up all I wanted to do was score goals and celebrate with fans - somewhere in that I got lost. Football came second and it shouldn't have.''' ,'''I just try to keep my game simple and just get chances. I try to stay on the defender's shoulder, run behind because they don't like it and when I get an opportunity, I shoot. If it goes in one day, it goes in. If it doesn't another day, it doesn't.''' ,'''I'm not too complicated. I don't think I'm great on the eye. I work hard. I try to outwork defenders, and that's it.''' ,'''Wenger is a legend for Arsenal. He changed the game in England and he changed how Arsenal look.''' ,'''I got a lot of unwanted attention when I was young. I'd be at a tournament at age 9 and there'd be loads of people around me. It always made me feel funny.''' ,'''My dad tells me to ignore any expectation.''' ,'''Making my debut at Man City, playing with my brother, that was a high point and was amazing. Going to Charlton and winning the League One championship. Even when I was at Southampton, my first year there I really enjoyed it.''' ,'''Every striker wants his midfielders to do well. If they play well, more than likely, I'll play well.''' ,'''I grew up watching Arsenal. You don't think you're going to get to play with Thierry Henry. Him breaking my dad's record and now he assists half my goals, it's weird. How'd that happen?''' ,'''The MLS Cup is always the goal. If we don't win that, it's always a disappointment and we haven't won. No matter how well you do in the regular season, it's always seen as a failure.''' ,'''There's been a few great moments, I don't hate my career in England.''' ,'''I get my protein, I get everything I need, I don't feel like I'm missing on anything.''' ,'''When you grow up in the Premier League and grown up watching it, nothing else compares.''' ,'''A loss feels like a loss.''' ,'''I like to get in the box and finish.''' ,'''Any striker like me that likes to run in behind, they could play with Thierry.''' ,'''I loved Plymouth and my time there because it helped me get my life back on track and I started scoring goals. But when I went there, it's not a place you dream of playing. It's not the team you dream of playing for. And you know when you're there, if you don't score goals or play well you're going down there and down from Plymouth is not pretty.''' ,'''I'm realistic. I look for my own target that I set in my head beginning of the season. Once I get there, that's when I start enjoying scoring.''' ,'''If I was younger and I got a new tracksuit, hat, trainers, you couldn't tell me I didn't look good. I thought I was dressed up.''' ,'''I like when people talk negative.''' ,'''I'm lucky enough to play with great players.''' ,'''At the end of the season, goals - they don't matter.''' ,'''I feel like I'm quick enough, and on my day, I can be dangerous in the box.''' ,'''I don't want to define New York Red Bull as one player, or one manager.''' ,'''For me, it's just a decision I made at home with my wife that I'm not eating meat.''' ,'''Of course, I won't lie - I like to break records.''' ,'''I want to win and a lot of things frustrate me.''' ,'''I'm awkward under the limelight.''' ,'''If you score goals, you play. It's as simple as that.''' ,'''In England, your manager is like a boss.''' ,'''It's all fun and games when you're scoring goals but there will be a time when I'm not and I just have to try and keep doing the same things. Hit the target and, you know, see what happens at the end of the game.''' ,'''I have to be myself.''' ,'''I like to just be humble. The more interviews, the more embarrassed I kind of get.''' ,'''I'm laid back.''' ,'''I know if I look back there's a lot of things I look back on and feel proud of in England. My time in MLS has just been better.''' ,'''I hate to go into games thinking about goals.''' ,'''I always wanted to score goals, but sometimes I've scored and been terrible and other times I felt I played well and didn't score. I looked at the statsheet the season where I scored 27 goals and I had one assist and was frustrated.''' ,'''We strikers, when we're scoring, we're confident, and we'll try and hit anything.''' ,'''In England, we're arrogant to everything else.''' ,'''I try to do what I can to help the team.''' ,'''I put a lot of work into what I do.''' ,'''The Red Bulls have done a good job of challenging me to be a leader, not just be a part of team and score goals, but be someone to be counted on.''' ,'''It never surprises me how good Shaun is. Even the coaches are surprised by the things he does and I can understand why. He can strike the ball so hard, yet his legs are only about 12 inches long. But I've been watching him do things like that ever since we were kids. I know what he's capable of.''' ,'''I'm not aggressive enough.''' ,'''I like to play up front.''' ,'''We like to play with a chip on our shoulder.''' ,'''I am always going to play the same way I always have.''' ,'''Sometimes it seemed like it was never good enough, no matter what I did.''' ,'''I can play wing.''' ,'''I'd rather go under the radar and win an MLS Cup. I really don't need to be credited.''' ,'''It gives you confidence when you see new players coming in, it makes you think something is happening at the club.''' ,'''I don't like to go through games not doing anything and then getting a goal. Obviously that's my job as a striker, but I feel almost wasted. I want to do more.''' ,'''In my career I haven't been suspended much.''' ,'''Obviously when you're a striker you need to score. The manager's not going to just play you if you're not scoring.''' ,'''I never used to watch MLS before so I had negative views. I thought it wasn't a good standard. When I got here I was very shocked. It's hard and it's a good level, and they look after you here. I love it.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel like you can toot your own trumpet too much. I don't really like that.''' ,'''I'm the type of guy who gets on the end of things. I need to work on my heading and sometimes my concentration is poor but you need someone to finish off moves.''' ,'''I was brought up to not like Man United.''' ,'''When we were younger we were always at it and, as much as I hate to admit it, Shaun would always win.''' ,'''If you're going to score, you're going to score.''' ,'''Every striker from England I know is the same; they're greedy and they want to get goals.''' ,'''There's players around the world that get assists from number 10s or wingers.''' ,'''I think growing up in England strikers are hungry to just get goals. We have a mean streak in us. We like to get goals.''' ,'''If you've got someone like Thierry Henry in your team, you get him on the ball.''' ,'''I'm a retired MC.''' ,'''I say this every time I get interviewed, I just try to get my shots on target. If they go in, they go in.''' ,'''I wasn't happy with how I left England. I didn't like where my mind was football wise. I felt like football was coming second.''' ,'''If you stop me from scoring, and I don't do anything else, then I've not really played well, have I? You can't score every game, so what are you doing if you're not scoring?''' ,'''I don't choose to be humble.''' ,]
+++