+++
author = "Mack Brown"
title = "Mack Brown Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mack Brown Quotes"
keywords = "mack brown,mack brown quotes,mack brown quote,mack brown sayings,mack brown saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'd like to be a great example for other coaches. That's all I want to be.''' ,'''I love Phil Mickelson. He's a dear friend.''' ,'''When you're the head coach and you do what you do and you're winning enough and you never have anybody leave, you never go visit anywhere else. If you're not careful, you don't get new ideas.''' ,'''When you have a coach-in-waiting, it puts question marks into how long you're going to coach.''' ,'''If you're girlfriend or your wife ever asks you to go on 'Jerry Springer,' don't go. It's not good.''' ,'''If you can imagine digging into something and trying to fit all the pieces together, that's recruiting for us.''' ,'''I learned that a person of color might be afraid to let their children go drive a car, which is awful.''' ,'''This is a game, you're supposed to enjoy it, and I'm afraid a lot of the years I had, I was fighting that.''' ,'''I'm worried because a lot of coaches aren't having fun. They're miserable, worried about getting fired, fighting recruiting.''' ,'''We've often gotten the rep for being a player's coach. 'Talk sweet to 'em all the time.' In reality, we're very disciplined, very demanding. You can only be that way if you're fair and you're consistent.''' ,'''The media is very important, very powerful in athletics today, and we as coaches must try to learn more about what is a delicate job.''' ,'''I don't want to be the athletic director at Texas, that's not my expertise. I don't want to take wins as a football coach and have someone shove me into that position because they'd think I'd like it, that I deserve it or a 'pat on the back.'''' ,'''To sit around and blame myself for everything that goes bad or credit myself for everything that's good, that's stupid.''' ,'''Losing Mom's really tough. I'm just lucky I had her for 58 years.''' ,'''In your life, if you start quitting, then you're a quitter.''' ,'''I couldn't get out of my mind how miserable I'd been at the end of 10-win seasons. I'd gone from passion to obsession the last few years at Texas.''' ,'''Without communication we have nothing.''' ,'''Georgia is one of the best states there is.''' ,'''I don't have anything to prove.''' ,'''The top-tier teams, it's about winning. It's about filling the stands and making enough money to pay for the other sports.''' ,'''When you lose your children, there is nothing worse than that in the world.''' ,'''No, I don't do hypotheticals, I'm in the now.''' ,'''People mouth all the time. I was involved in a rivalry with N.C. State where two coaches tackled each other in the middle of the field after the game. That one was kind of nasty, I thought.''' ,'''When you have 82 plays, you should have more than 21 points.''' ,'''I'd lost the joy of coaching. There were times after a win when I was shouting at my assistants leaving the field because I wasn't happy with the way we'd played. I had lost what I started out to be in coaching: Someone who had a positive effect on the lives of my players.''' ,'''Coaches block out the future because they think if they start talking about the future they're not being fair to their current staff or players. That's a real phobia. In some cases it really hurts your family. During the season your commitment is to your coaches and your team.''' ,'''We talk about building young men so they can be productive husbands, fathers and citizens.''' ,'''We need to all reach out to our parents and say that we love 'em and care for 'em and make sure that they know that. Because we got a hard world out there.''' ,'''I want to go back to North Carolina to do what I started to do in coaching, Not what it got to be at Texas.''' ,'''I got labeled as the guy who didn't coach and sat around and talked. I know what I do, so I don't worry about it.''' ,'''When you lose your children, there is nothing worth that in the world.''' ,'''I would always want to be involved with football in some manner. I love the game. I love coaching, good and bad.''' ,'''Seeing a player return to campus 20 years later with his family and he tells you, 'I'd never be where I am today without this university and this team.' That's everything. That's why you coach.''' ,'''The names, the legends, my heroes, the College Football Hall of Fame is a really amazing fraternity.''' ,'''I realized in the five years off, what I missed was being around the young people, the organization, the practice, the fourth quarter of the game where you're behind, trying to get back to win the game late. It's not about the rings and trophies and money, that's not what you got into it for.''' ,'''I sincerely want what's best for the University of Texas.''' ,'''I would never say anything bad about Texas A&M.''' ,'''What we need to do is continue to learn to tackle better, continue to change the rules so we make it safer.''' ,'''I'm going to coach here as long as I can. As long as I'm effective for North Carolina, I will be the football coach.''' ,'''What I've learned is we need to worry about us.''' ,'''To be successful, you have to be confident.''' ,'''I was making $38,500 and Oklahoma offered me $125,000 to be the offensive coordinator and I thought, 'Hmm, I probably should look at this.'''' ,'''I think that the NFL Players Association has to put more restrictions on the agents like the NCAA has put restrictions on us.''' ,'''If you're not careful, you start trying to be somebody you're not to please everybody.''' ,'''People love for you to care enough about them to remember their name. It's something I've really worked at. It's important. And it's not easy.''' ,'''Most coaches that I saw in my time off weren't very happy in coaching, and I committed to my wife, Sally, if I was going back, I was going to be happy.''' ,'''One day, I just ended up thinking, 'You know what? If we get to 13-0, it's not me. If we go 10-2, it's not me.'''' ,'''I love being around the recruits. I like seeing them in the office. I like having the 1-on-1 conversations with them.''' ,'''Either you came to eat hamburgers and steaks before the game or you came to play. We don't need any hamburger-eaters, we need players. The guys that really have energy and get excited about the game usually can't eat pregame meal.''' ,'''We can't control how the other guys play and we've got to worry about us, and we've got to play to the best of our ability every week.''' ,'''It got to the point the last time, at Texas, where every loss was a tragedy and every win was exhaling.''' ,'''I love football, always have.''' ,'''When you lose at Texas, you're going to be bashed. I accept it.''' ,'''Recruiting is always a snow-ball effect because when you get really good players and they like it, the other players want to play with them.''' ,'''It was really hard to get into graduate school at Texas. We had trouble getting grad assistants.''' ,'''We are lucky in Chapel Hill to have the most brilliant medical people anywhere in the country.''' ,'''I like making people smile. It's fun for me.''' ,'''Communication helps you build up trust and respect... It gets everyone on the same page.''' ,'''Good kids want to stay where their parents can see them play.''' ,'''I didn't even realize I was quite privileged. But I am. I got money. I've never been stopped by a police officer.''' ,'''We want to expect to win every ballgame.''' ,'''When you're the head coach at Texas and you're winning a lot of games, you don't have to have new ideas, you don't have to change and you really don't doubt that much.''' ,'''If a player needs money, and that's a decision he's willing to make to go to college based on name, image and likeness, where he can make more money instead of where he wants to go to school, why don't we give him the choice to go to the NFL if he's ready to go and if the NFL wants him to go? Basketball has done it for years.''' ,'''You've got to protect your quarterback.''' ,'''I don't dance.''' ,'''I always thought I would probably be a high school coach and a principal and then a superintendent. Then it got way off track and it got into college.''' ,'''Sixteen, 17 games in a season is a lot of wear and tear on the body, especially for guys who don't come out when they're playing.''' ,'''When you've got a program like Texas or one like USC, every little thing is scrutinized.''' ,'''I've always liked our rivals.''' ,'''I've been so impressed with Commissioner Goodell.''' ,'''Our goal is to win the conference championship and go to the playoff and win the national championship and we recruit with that attitude.''' ,'''Sick kids getting a little joy out of a football game, it doesn't get better than that.''' ,'''You should never, ever walk by anyone no matter how young or old they are, without stopping and smiling and shaking their hand and taking a picture or signing an autograph.''' ,'''I realized I need to do a better job of opening up other interests because my interests are sports, my family, my faith and my friends. That's it. That's all I got.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong, I always wanted to win, but, after we'd won and won and won, it became more about not wanting to lose than enjoying wins.''' ,'''You went into the business to change kids lives and all the sudden you forget.''' ,'''I think the thing that I learned is I will never let a staff have too much control again, which is a strong statement.''' ,'''I learned that when I go in a store and a person of color goes in the store, that they might watch them because they're afraid they're gonna steal something. They're not gonna watch me because I'm white.''' ,'''I'm not gonna coach just because I have to coach, but if it's right and it was fun I'd love to make another run.''' ,'''When you're in a ballgame where you're getting beat, there is some frustration.''' ,'''When a coach comes in and takes over a new program, he's adopting 125 new stepchildren. Some of them love the place but a lot of them love the coaches, they came for a different offense, they came for a defense, and every coach is different. All have some similarities but all are different.''' ,'''I don't need any more recognition. I don't need any more money. I don't need any legacy.''' ,'''Any recognition I've received, or been considered for, honors all of the coaches, players and staff that have been a part of our program for many years. They are the reason my name is on the College Football Hall of Fame ballot, so most importantly I thank them.''' ,'''I have never given myself credit for anything.''' ,'''I'm way too competitive and have way too much pride to leave something bad.''' ,'''You need to compete.''' ,'''If you're going to coach, you need to have fun coaching.''' ,'''I want to run the ball, be physical and be able to throw it deep.''' ,'''I love going into a home and talking to a family that knows nothing about recruiting - about the whole process. I love selling who we are and what we are, and that's something I really missed when I was on TV.''' ,'''By listening to others, you better understand their needs and you can then better communicate with them.''' ,'''I've never been a guy that hated our rivals.''' ,'''I just want to win.''' ,'''You get into coaching because you love the game and you love the players. And if you're not careful, you win so many games it becomes about the wins more than anything else.''' ,'''I want to help young coaches have an experience like I've had. But mostly, I want to take the prized possession of every parent by taking their children and helping them grow and helping mentor them and helping them teach me.''' ,'''I like being nice.''' ,'''I'm not going to offer and take a guy at North Carolina that I don't meet. And if I don't like him, I'm not taking him.''' ,'''No one wants to see a player lose his credibility in college, lose his chance to play and obviously maybe not have the right guy to prepare for his future.''' ,'''I like people.''' ,'''All of us have to win games. Whether we like it or not, the graduation rates and all the things people are talking about aren't as important as winning.''' ,'''When you're a young coach you just want to work hard and prove to everybody that you're smart.''' ,]
+++