+++
author = "August Alsina"
title = "August Alsina Quotes"
quotes_len = "74"
description = "the best 74 August Alsina Quotes"
keywords = "august alsina,august alsina quotes,august alsina quote,august alsina sayings,august alsina saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not a rapper. I stay in my lane.''' ,'''I'm a human being and I'm a man, so don't disrespect me.''' ,'''We live in a crazy world. You don't know what's going to happen.''' ,'''It's easy for people to talk about the negative.''' ,'''We all battling different things. Me? I'm just able to channel that through my music.''' ,'''Always stand 100 with yourself.''' ,'''Nobody can say anything to take what's for me away from me. And I live by that.''' ,'''As an artist, I struggle with how much of myself to give to the people. How much I want my personal business to be judged.''' ,'''What's perplexing to me is that I never think it's anybody's business to know my business.''' ,'''My mom used to work two jobs to take care of me, my brothers, and my sisters. She worked hard to take care of us. Back in the day my mom was actually a dental assistant.''' ,'''I feel older than I really am. It's because of the cards I was dealt.''' ,'''Having life taken away from you for a little while forces you to be more open-minded and to go live.''' ,'''I'm so focused that sometimes I feel like I don't need to eat.''' ,'''No one is doing what I'm doing and I'm not doing what they're doing.''' ,'''Reality is I'm sick all the time.''' ,'''Whoever wants to be caught up in my life, first of all, you should be living yours because I'm damn sure not worried about your life.''' ,'''Nothing is held back on 'Testimony.'''' ,'''All I have is my truth, and all I have is my truth to stand on it.''' ,'''Just one night at a show in New York, I literally passed out and fell off the stage.''' ,'''I had over 10 seizures.''' ,'''Every lesson man, every, every relationship, every experience is a blessing. You learn from it, whether good or bad.''' ,'''I'm pretty expressive. And when I love something or love someone, I express that.''' ,'''When I do music, I'm really getting the devil up off me.''' ,'''I just tell the truth.''' ,'''I like Kendrick a lot.''' ,'''I think more than anything, my health issues were the biggest eye-opener for me. I'm doing better with taking care of myself, but I don't do my best.''' ,'''When I started singing, I was going to school. I remember some of the people in school singing, and they had a choir. I would just watch and listen. Finally I started at least attempting to try to do what they was doing. When I was younger, we started going to church. I can't say that we were always, you know, the most church-going people.''' ,'''I'll tell you what bothers me. This music business is so crazy. They think everything is a game, or everything is a fad or trend to win. I see people saying, 'My next album is going to be my honest album, the whole truth, nothing but the truth, my deepest secrets, the soundtrack to my life.'''' ,'''I always had a love for music, but I was watching 'Sister Act 2' with Lauryn Hill, and I heard her sing, and I was just like, 'Man, I want to do that.' The whole movie overall was an inspiration for me.''' ,'''I'm always so overly transparent that sometimes I'm like, damn, am I saying too much? Should I say this? Should I not say this?''' ,'''I'm always actively working on being a better me.''' ,'''Of all my childhood memories, I don't have any good ones.''' ,'''I think there are small treasures and blessings inside of our imperfections. But there are so many people in the world that oppress you for being an individual if you don't fit in with the rest of the crowd, if you don't run with the herd. It's always perplexing to me when I see people mad at other people for being who they are.''' ,'''I could never say that I regret being given the gift of experience and love.''' ,'''When people hear my story, and see that I came from nothing, they'll see that it's possible for them too.''' ,'''I don't have any reason to lie about anything.''' ,'''There are Black women who die while trying to give life to newborns because Black people are always overlooked, under-cared-for, underprivileged. It's been what it has been since the beginning of time. I know from my own experience dealing with the health-care system, having to spend so much money to go to the doctor and still be overlooked.''' ,'''Nothing scares me. Nothing actually shocks me anymore.''' ,'''That's what media do. They make you out to be a monster.''' ,'''Who influenced me the most? I'd have to say Lauryn Hill, I think she influenced me the most.''' ,'''I just feel like no one is the same.''' ,'''I'll tell you what's crazy: Nobody in my family is musically inclined, no form, fashion, anything. I always had some type of connection to music though. This was long before I ever knew that I could sing, or I ever even tried to start singing. It was something different, man, it made me feel some type of way.''' ,'''People like me don't expect to live past 24.''' ,'''People think that money and fame fixes and changes so much. Money does give you assistance and resources in this life. But you think that life will become easier, and that's not necessarily true.''' ,'''I've always been the underdog, and I've always had to work much harder than the next person just to get a look. But I feel like that's Black people as a whole, to be honest with you. We have to do so much more and work so much harder to get certain kinds of looks within this industry.''' ,'''I'm a man of many emotions, so I'm a human being, and I think that's what people tend to forget sometimes.''' ,'''I want to make music to lift the people.''' ,'''I'm from downtown New Orleans. Downtown consists of the 7th ward, the 8th ward, the 9th ward.''' ,'''People can have whatever ideas that they like. But what I'm not OK with is my character being in question.''' ,'''I feel hurt and pain times a million, all the time.''' ,'''I never want to be the one causing a ruckus. I never want to be problematic in any kind of way.''' ,'''Some days I'm up, some days I'm down. But I think one thing that does get you moving is hope.''' ,'''I know how people see me. People see me as a rebel. People see me as maybe even ignorant. People see me as a threat or rude or whatever. It's a lot of people who just don't know me.''' ,'''Pride definitely causes a lack of communication.''' ,'''When somebody gives their testimony or tells their story, the next person can be motivated or inspired by it. That's all I'm trying to do.''' ,'''It always baffles me how people can lift you up so high and make it seem like they love you then you do one thing wrong and it's all of a sudden you the devil and you evil and everything you do from then on isn't right.''' ,'''When you come into this game and this industry, it's kind of like really being born again, because you don't know too much about it.''' ,'''I have trust issues.''' ,'''Hope - I wanted to give to that to the people. When you do that, you have to be willing to be unpopular. It's not the formula for radio songs.''' ,'''My legacy is that I will hustle and grind. No one will stop me from hustling. I'll be where God wants me to be.''' ,'''My music is a gift from God that saved my life.''' ,'''I feel like I don't fit in. There's not a lot of outlets for urban music, for black artists who don't have that crossover thing going early on.''' ,'''I have a liver disease where my autoimmune system is fighting against itself.''' ,'''Product 1' was really my introduction into the game.''' ,'''I feel like God gave me my life for that reason to share with other people that may be like me or not like me.''' ,'''People will throw stones and hide their hands and then get back and play victim.''' ,'''Contrary to what some people may believe, I'm not a troublemaker.''' ,'''I've had fans break into my hotel rooms.''' ,'''The people that you think are supposed to be there for you and be happy for you - instead they want to tear you down.''' ,'''I don't like drama. Drama actually makes me nauseous.''' ,'''I want to live my life on full. I want to die empty, whatever that means - giving myself to my three kids now, giving myself to love or a relationship, giving myself to my career, devoting myself to being a healthy person. I have to give my full self to something, because that's what makes me feel alive.''' ,'''I came into the game showing you that I'm no angel. I'm not perfect and this is why I tell people off the top.''' ,'''Pride is a big thing that gets in the way of a lot of relationships.''' ,'''So many times we take things like eyesight for granted cause it's so natural. We wake up and we see, we wake up and we walk. It's just so natural for us. So, for me not to be able to see for 2-3 days straight, it was hell.''' ,]
+++