+++
author = "Natalia Kills"
title = "Natalia Kills Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Natalia Kills Quotes"
keywords = "natalia kills,natalia kills quotes,natalia kills quote,natalia kills sayings,natalia kills saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm sick of running away from things.''' ,'''I like a dramatic eye and a bold lip.''' ,'''Every bad thing that's happened to me has defined me, has shaped, has moulded me.''' ,'''It's good to actually cry. Trust me, I've had a lot of practice over the years!''' ,'''I love Audrey Hepburn, early Brooke Shields, and Madonna's eyebrows. I think it's beautiful if women look soft and touchable instead of hard, sharp and aggressively groomed.''' ,'''Artists are definitely, like, under a sort of microscope of scrutiny more than others.''' ,'''I make the music my ears want to hear, I wear the clothes my body wants to wear and the ones boys call me back for, and I generally make the songs that my feet dance to.''' ,'''I don't listen to music, actually. Obviously I go to clubs; I stand in elevators; a lot of my friends are musicians; I hear music all the time. But I don't have my own collection of music.''' ,'''I was born in Bradford, a city in the north of England that God forgot about. A place where most people never leave, but if they do, they certainly never go back.''' ,'''I didn't really like being on television at all.''' ,'''I had been writing songs for other people for a while, and I made a demo and I put it on my Myspace, which Perez Hilton found and blogged about on his site.''' ,'''I definitely like performing to a crowd that's there to see a female hero.''' ,'''A lot of the time we think finances are immediately linked to experience, opportunities, image, and all sorts of important things that can progress us in life. Sometimes they're not. Finances can be completely irrelevant if you allow yourself to feel like things are going well.''' ,'''The entire value of a person is subjective to your relationship with them.''' ,'''I really can't break away from wearing black and leather!''' ,'''I feel like trouble has followed me from the day I was born.''' ,'''The worst mistake a woman can make is to emulate a man.''' ,'''I always put on a brave face when I was the most terrified, the most trapped and out of control.''' ,'''I don't really know what 'a dark place' means. I have windows in my house, and I'm generally an upbeat person! A lot of people throw that word at me because I wear a lot of black and leather.''' ,'''I feel like all Londoners relate more to New York - L.A. doesn't feel like a 'city' city. It's like a sleepy town.''' ,'''I will never censor myself to please anyone.''' ,'''When I was a kid, my mother used to film all of our holidays and all of the good times, and I kind of associated the camera with everything being okay and everything being happy.''' ,'''I definitely feel excited to be able to put really hard beats - like hip-hop beats - behind my music, more than I did before.''' ,'''I make music because I like making music.''' ,'''All the best parts of art come from pain turned to celebration.''' ,'''My grandma told me never, ever, ever to use soap on my face. But I do use lotion.''' ,'''My song-writing has always been just about my life - usually my worst moments.''' ,'''My dad went to jail for a long time. We lost everything, and the situation never resolved itself. My parents had this sort of passionate, disastrous desire for each other - not ideal to grow up in.''' ,'''If you allow yourself to feel fabulous, you are fabulous.''' ,'''Nothing is more important than when you see someone for the first time, and you get that feeling where you can't move or speak or do anything until you know that person and take a sense of who they are with you.''' ,'''When I was in my early teens, I joined a cult. And we weren't allowed to listen to secular music or anything that wasn't made by us. So I spent a lot of time not listening to music, and by the time I could, I just didn't get into it.''' ,'''If people go into music with the idea of competing with other artists, then they're doing it for all the wrong reasons.''' ,'''Guess what, I'm the opposite of a role model!''' ,'''I realized that, all along, my theory was right: Make music that you want to hear, and instead of having fans that one day might criticize or abandon you, your fans aren't even fans. They're people with tastes similar to yours. They're friends you haven't met yet.''' ,]
+++