+++
author = "Ashish Vidyarthi"
title = "Ashish Vidyarthi Quotes"
quotes_len = "76"
description = "the best 76 Ashish Vidyarthi Quotes"
keywords = "ashish vidyarthi,ashish vidyarthi quotes,ashish vidyarthi quote,ashish vidyarthi sayings,ashish vidyarthi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My father is a Malayalee, my mother is a Bengali.''' ,'''None of my visits to Bangalore go without a visit to Gandhi Bazaar's Vidyarthi Bhavan. Grabbing a dosa and a coffee there is a must.''' ,'''Once there was this Telugu film about a ghost. It sounded too hackneyed. 'Probably it will turn out fine,' I told myself and went ahead and... it was a disaster.''' ,'''The concept of 'DAM999' is very interesting, which director Sohan Roy has written. The entire idea was to capture or encapsulate the nine rasas depicting different human emotions in the backdrop of dam disaster.''' ,'''Well, acting on stage is very different from acting on screen.''' ,'''There are many roles and I haven't had the opportunity to do any of them. I jokingly tell people 'Sometimes I wonder, is the film industry waiting for me to die and then say it's sad. He was a good actor. He was underrated and didn't have enough chances.'''' ,'''All the actors go through ups and downs in their careers and in their lives.''' ,'''We make life difficult, and then we try to solve it. My methodology is to simplify things and share them with life examples.''' ,'''Theatre is known as a beautiful form of art where an actor expresses his emotions and feelings without any re-takes.''' ,'''The youths of Bihar are second to none when it comes to talent, hard work and perseverance.''' ,'''I would be lying if I say I don't find it scary each time I come on stage.''' ,'''Shivajinagara' is set in Bangalore's Shivajinagar. We shot most of the film on those busy streets.''' ,'''I owe my career in the South to Tamil films.''' ,'''I'm essentially a traveller. I love to do many things.''' ,'''I can speak English, Hindi and Bangla.''' ,'''It has been more than 31 years for me in the cinema industry but I am still learning and my motto is the same as that of late Apple Co-Founder Steve Jobs - Stay Hungry, Stay Foolish!''' ,'''I was in a school called Shiv Niketan, run by Elizabeth Gauba, where she gave a lot of importance to people expressing themselves in whatever way they wanted - some could draw and answer, some could dance and answer, while some could act.''' ,'''Sometimes we think roles define us. One can emerge beyond the confines of their roles to make an impact on society.''' ,'''I was a 'bathroom actor' and people used to laugh at me, listening to my lofty aims and ambitions.''' ,'''Ala Modalaindi' is a labour of love and leaves me with a smile when I look back.''' ,'''When people ask me where I am from, with artificial simplicity, they don't understand how convoluted an answer it may sound.''' ,'''You never know which film will work when.''' ,'''I decided to engage in life conversations through my programme 'Avid Miners.' This is all about sharing experiences and spreading positivity. The audience range from school students, colleges and even corporate employees. And this journey has been quite an experience for me, I must add!''' ,'''When we grow older, we start getting caught up with ourselves. We try and live up to an image.''' ,'''Doing anything with dedication impacts life positively.''' ,'''All of us play different roles in our chosen career. I play the role of an actor. But I realised I am also an actor apart from various roles I play in my personal life.''' ,'''Roshan Sherchan is a grey character and that's the challenge. He's not all bad. Even though people will hate him, they'll still wonder why he did what he did. I enjoyed playing this character a lot because he will make the audience choose between things.''' ,'''It's a funny thing that when things happen in an actor's life, at some point it's just a performance, at another, it's a part of your life.''' ,'''It is a rich universe and because people come from different backgrounds, ethos and unique strengths, just because they don't look like us doesn't mean you need to amputate them from your life.''' ,'''No actor is totally happy with the roles they get.''' ,'''I am never satisfied and always willing to learn.''' ,'''So many of us have moved to another city, and it's across strata, economic divides, educational status etc, but we have found ourselves in a new city with its new challenges. So there is something about 'Dayashankar' that people connect with.''' ,'''I have done 200 plus films in other languages.''' ,'''My Marathi is indeed very bad and whenever I try to call my friends Sandeep Kulkarni or Sayaji Shinde, they immediately recognise my weird accent and all my efforts to surprise them go down the drain.''' ,'''Gossip is the biggest enemy in a healthy relationship and creates distrust.''' ,'''I like to be a creative variable rather than sticking to a dogma.''' ,'''Either I am rootless or I have my roots spread out so much that I cannot spot my primary root. I believe in Camus' philosophy - It is important to be a traveller without a baggage.''' ,'''Hindi film industry has not proved to be a viable alternative for me, hence, I shifted my focus towards South, where I have created a market for myself.''' ,'''My connection with South films began with a Kannada film and with producer Ramu, in particular.''' ,'''My mother-in-law is an awesome cook, but I have grown up eating the food cooked by my mother. I must say that both of them have their own area of specialisation, when it comes to cooking.''' ,'''I did a film called 'Nightfall,' based on Isaac Asimov life, which was directed by an American director. However it was a short film.''' ,'''The exciting part is the journey of an actor. Each destination in my life is something that I celebrate.''' ,'''It's a great joy for me to work on television after a long time.''' ,'''We have only one life to decide which path would suit us the best.''' ,'''It's equally interesting and challenging to work on stage as much as movies.''' ,'''There is immense power in acknowledging the contribution of every human being in our life. One must constantly make the effort to absorb this power by getting the blessings of all human beings.''' ,'''I do manage to make others laugh.''' ,'''Redemption happens in many forms. It happens when one takes responsibility even when one need not.''' ,'''I never like to call myself as a celebrity. I am an actor and that's the only title I am proud to own.''' ,'''I have plenty of memories from my stint in the Kannada film industry.''' ,'''For me, the ever smiling face of my father was an enigma which I understood later in life.''' ,'''What I tell people usually is - don't look at others and be like them. Instead, find out ways in which you can augment yourself and increase your capabilities and use it in different ways.''' ,'''I love to meet people and interact.''' ,'''I'm a restless kind of guy.''' ,'''I am tired of getting typecast.''' ,'''You won't ever get clarity in life. You have to overcome the hazy path yourself.''' ,'''I am available as an actor across languages.''' ,'''Life doesn't happen like we plan. We need to make the most of it.''' ,'''It's a dystopian world where things aren't connected. But life feels light when we can communicate, joke or laugh on ourselves.''' ,'''I gained my inspiration from former U.S. president Barack Obama, because he tries to do things differently, things which other people do in an ordinary manner.''' ,'''Even as we continue our life, what is important is that, we must keep hope for the future alive.''' ,'''An actor has to continuously reinvent himself. So my plea to all directors and scriptwriters is please look at me out of the box.''' ,'''Try to be creative in everything you do, then only you will get recognized by the society.''' ,'''But it's the love of audience that encourages you to try out better things each time and I feel elated that I have the opportunity to work across so many languages.''' ,'''As an actor, I have travelled, met people and discovered that the only thing that matters is how we treat life, not complaining nor wanting better things.''' ,'''Over time, I have realised that it is important to stay grounded and keep in touch with reality.''' ,'''I am not very good with languages. So, in spite of working in films in 17 different languages, I only follow my passion to act without getting worked up about the language.''' ,'''I personally don't believe in waiting for things to change.''' ,'''I always look for innovative casting and that's why I seek directors, whether in Bollywood or regional films, who are keen to make something different.''' ,'''I can understand Tamil and Telugu when a conversation is aimed at me, but I cannot hold a conversation.''' ,'''For me acting is just a profession. As much passion I have for my profession, I always seperate profession from life.''' ,'''Once I sign a film, irrespective of whether it is a small production or a large one, I make it mine and give my best.''' ,'''Actors too need directors who can fire their imagination. The fire needs to be stoked.''' ,'''If you love your work, you will try out different kinds of roles with perseverance in order to sustain in the industry.''' ,'''Nothing is off the table... never for an actor. An actor is continuously looking for challenges.''' ,'''My mother Reba Vidyarthi was a Kathak dancer while my father Govind Vidyarthi was a theatre personality. Later on, he worked for Sangeet Natak Akademi and documented many dying art forms of India.''' ,]
+++