+++
author = "Samantha Fox"
title = "Samantha Fox Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Samantha Fox Quotes"
keywords = "samantha fox,samantha fox quotes,samantha fox quote,samantha fox sayings,samantha fox saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's different cultures that make the world go 'round at the end of the day.''' ,'''You can't be taught to be brainy. You've either got it or you don't.''' ,'''It wouldn't be fair to drag a child round the world, touring.''' ,'''When I was a model, everybody was scrutinising me and I felt I had to go to the gym because my figure had to be fantastic. Now that I'm a singer, I've got a different kind of body - it's more athletic.''' ,'''As a kid, I dreamed of being a pop star, a glamorous woman and traveling the world. And I've done that all my life.''' ,'''At 20, I didn't know what suited me. I had terrible fashion sense and awful make-up.''' ,'''All my life, it's been the same with men. Being a woman who is famous and adored by men is very hard for any boyfriend to handle. All my boyfriends end up insecure.''' ,'''I kept thinking I was always going to meet the right man, but I never did. Kept waiting for this knight in shining armour. 'When's he coming? He's taking a long time, isn't he?'''' ,'''I've got ten pairs of trainers. That's one for every day of the week.''' ,'''I can't beleive I'm here to tell the tale, this was my first brush with death, and God must have been looking after us and obviously, it wasn't our time.''' ,'''I am very domesticated. I find I really enjoy it.''' ,'''I consider myself sexy. But the sexy image doesn't bother me, and I don't think it detracts from my singing.''' ,'''I still keep my accent.''' ,'''I'm an outgoing girl, and I can't help the way I look.''' ,'''I don't have a problem with my image; it's other people who do.''' ,'''Listen, it's very easy not to be ripped off, you know. Get yourself a lawyer.''' ,'''I still consider myself a working-class girl and would send my kids to public school.''' ,'''The simple things in life make me very happy.''' ,'''When somebody wants me to sign an old picture, it's like looking at another person.''' ,'''Gay guys love women who are tough, who are survivors. They always call me a diva. And I am a survivor; I've pulled through everything and I've not become bitter about it.''' ,'''I always wanted it, the fame. When it come, I didn't want to let it go.''' ,'''I wanted to get a taste of what it would feel like to be a mum. I've always had a strong maternal instinct and ideally I would love one of my own.''' ,]
+++