+++
author = "Shantel Vansanten"
title = "Shantel Vansanten Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Shantel Vansanten Quotes"
keywords = "shantel vansanten,shantel vansanten quotes,shantel vansanten quote,shantel vansanten sayings,shantel vansanten saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My style is dependent on my moods, so I feel like it's all over the place.''' ,'''When I'm on set filming 'One Tree Hill,' I get up and work out four to five days a week.''' ,'''The minute you feel secure about yourself and own the fact your dreams are honest true, other things fix themselves.''' ,'''Despite my mother saying I have been destined to be an actress my whole life, I remember being the kid who grew up not knowing what I wanted to do with my life.''' ,'''I was 17 when my body started changing, and I worried about what I did wrong. I went through a period where I didn't eat at all. I also had someone who was encouraging me to take diet pills. I pushed myself to the extreme because I woke up one day and had hips - and a butt - and thought, 'Oh my gosh, I'm getting fat!'''' ,'''Our bodies are exploited so much in the media, I feel like everyone is made to feel like they're not worthy or beautiful.''' ,'''I would want to travel the world and write about it. To be a famous writer.''' ,'''I'm, like, super-clumsy and weird and funny and dorky.''' ,'''Being on a television show and having so many fans is something that I've never experienced before, and it's really neat when they come up to you and are like, 'That storyline is amazing and really spoke to me in my life,' and it's really cool. I really enjoy it.''' ,'''For me, having greek yogurt and some granola is the perfect start-up breakfast because it has many benefits. Its filling, healthy and gives me energy to start my day.''' ,'''I modeled from the time I was 15 until I was 20.''' ,'''Why the heck do we allow the media to ever tell us someone is gross? It makes me so mad. 99% of the world has flaws.''' ,'''I went to an all-girls' school with 43 people in my class, so dances were small. I always went with girlfriends or a blind date.''' ,'''For a long while, I was really against Twitter. I mean, who cares if I'm in an airport or had broccoli for dinner?''' ,'''I am happiest when I'm sitting on my parent's couch with the fire place on and talking to my family.''' ,'''Kate Hudson is my style icon.''' ,'''When I was in the eighth grade, I wrote this huge long paper about how I had no idea what I was gonna do with my life, but that I wanted to make a difference and touch even if it was like one person's life... inspire them.''' ,'''I did a Clean & Clear commercial. I did a series of them. I used to be the Clean & Clear girl!''' ,'''If you believe in yourself, somebody will find you that believes in you just as much, if not more.''' ,]
+++