+++
author = "James Carville"
title = "James Carville Quotes"
quotes_len = "105"
description = "the best 105 James Carville Quotes"
keywords = "james carville,james carville quotes,james carville quote,james carville sayings,james carville saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I actually thought Pope Paul VI was the most tragic figure in the modern church, like Lyndon Johnson was a very tragic figure in politics in some ways.''' ,'''My favorite Saturday, outside any Saturday that Louisiana State University plays football, is the Kentucky Derby.''' ,'''I've had enough of giving millionaires like Dick Cheney and myself tax breaks and giving America's kids a mountain of debt.''' ,'''I had a remarkably happy childhood; whatever scars I have are self-inflicted.''' ,'''It is undeniably the duty of the opposition party to field a credible slate of candidates for the nation's highest office.''' ,'''I always find it offensive when people say God showers riches on you if you're good.''' ,'''I grew up in Carville, Louisiana.''' ,'''Over the course of history, governments, political regimes, and leaders have done some stupid things despite all arguments to the contrary, at times even against their own self-interest.''' ,'''My populism doesn't extend to my choice of hotels.''' ,'''I like being on the side of healthcare consumer.''' ,'''I've had enough of the blowhards on cable TV and the self-righteous anger I hear from people whose only accomplishment in life is their ability to turn the dial on an AM radio.''' ,'''If you want to believe that the government's coming for our guns or that being gay is a choice and a sin or that ObamaCare signals the end of civilization or that cutting taxes for rich people is the path to a better America, that's your choice. I'm never going to believe in any of that.''' ,'''Every day Catholics prove that you can be a good Catholic and a good Democrat and have a different position from the Church on abortion.''' ,'''I have people ask me if I'm going to convince my daughters to be Democrats, and I say, 'I have yet to convince my daughters to close a door.' I don't how in the world I would ever convince them to be in a political affiliation.''' ,'''If you want to be angry at Gore, be angry at him for not fighting harder in Florida.''' ,'''The thing to remember about Obama is he doesn't care if you like him or I like him or somebody else does. He literally would rather do homework with his kids than be around other politicians. Does this make him unpopular at times? Yes. Does it make him ineffective? Most certainly not.''' ,'''Right-wingers don't want public education to succeed.''' ,'''With the all-volunteer military, we, as a society, have become disconnected from our armed forces. And our military, like almost everything else in our country, has been outsourced.''' ,'''When you dehumanize a group, there's lasting consequences because they know that they're being dehumanized.''' ,'''During my time as a political strategist, one of the most vexing problems was figuring out why so many people vote against their perceived interests.''' ,'''After all of my years in politics, I've learned that sometimes things that are said are true, and other things that are said are less than true.''' ,'''Ideologies aren't all that important. What's important is psychology.''' ,'''I think Ralph Nader is the biggest liar in American politics when he said it didn't matter who was president.''' ,'''The thing I love about politics and sports is that there is an end goal - winning - and there are indeed winners and losers.''' ,'''I tell my students that the single most powerful thing that we have in this country - something that literally harbors no dissent and no questioning - is the all-powerful elite narrative.''' ,'''Mitt Romney is to presidential campaigns as the Delta House grade point average was to Faber College - the worst in history.''' ,'''My blood's not red or blue - it's brown.''' ,'''I point out the Democratic party won two world wars and beat the depression, cut out the poverty by two thirds, and was responsible for the same sustained prosperity that we've had in the United States. What the hell do we have to apologize for?''' ,'''When I was sixteen, I borrowed a copy of 'To Kill a Mockingbird' from the mobile library. Democrats and Republicans were standing for very different principles, and I could see which side was going to represent me.''' ,'''When I was a kid and L.S.U. lost, you didn't read the papers until, like, Thursday.''' ,'''We don't know each other. Democrats don't know Republicans, Republicans don't know Democrats.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I always had the dream of being an analyst for a minor league baseball team or something like that.''' ,'''Like a lot of people, I pray for a sick relative or that kind of thing, but I don't pray to make my next flight connection at the airport. I find prayers before sports contests to be insensitive and kind of demeaning, at least when someone prays to beat the other team or something like that.''' ,'''Bill Clinton is a person who causes a lot of passion both ways about people, and there's certainly a lot of turmoil if you look back at the eight years. But there was a lot of good, too.''' ,'''Back when I went to Louisiana State University a million years ago, we got the Baton Rouge paper. But if you wanted to read 'The New York Times' or 'The Wall Street Journal,' you had to go to the reading room of the student union, and you got the edition several days after it had been published, and you had to read it on a wooden stick.''' ,'''It's better to be married to someone who hates your politics than someone who hates your momma.''' ,'''As with mosquitoes, horseflies, and most bloodsucking parasites, Kenneth Starr was spawned in stagnant water.''' ,'''It is literally painful to watch Rick Perry as a candidate.''' ,'''What has always made the Clintons great politicians and better people is their unyielding commitment to expanding the middle class for everyone.''' ,'''I love to walk into places and have what I think is, like, the prettiest, smartest wife in town. I kind of enjoy that.''' ,'''Most of the stuff I've ever said is pretty insignificant and, by and large, has been said off the cuff and without much thought to the potential consequences.''' ,'''The American psyche has not recovered, and likely will not ever fully recover, from the profound and relentless incompetence of George W. Bush's disastrous, multitrillion-dollar war.''' ,'''I grew up in a French-dominated Catholic part of the country. I was an altar boy. I went to Catholic school. I have a cousin who is a priest - it's part of my DNA. It's kind of hard to separate me from the church, to try to say where one starts and the other stops.''' ,'''I would describe myself as having a healthy income, but I sure wouldn't describe the son of a postmaster and an encyclopedia saleswoman as upper class, by any stretch of the imagination. I would describe myself as decidedly middle class. I think I'm extremely fortunate.''' ,'''The only thing I'm running for is the state line.''' ,'''Some comments are within bounds, while some are not. But by whining about every little barb, candidates are trying to win the election through a war of staff resignation attrition, and Americans are losing the ability to distinguish between what is fair game and what is not.''' ,'''As Mike Tyson says, everybody has a plan until they get hit in the mouth. The one thing we know about American presidential politics is you're going to get hit in the mouth.''' ,'''The case could be made that Rick Perry is the worst debater to ever run for president.''' ,'''My mother, Ms. Nippy Carville, was a woman of many talents.''' ,'''If you didn't have some sense of idealism, then what is there to sustain you?''' ,'''But I'd rather not predict. I'd rather affect.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a sports broadcaster.''' ,'''We say there are people who have worked in campaigns who say that they have lost some - and we call those folks operatives, managers, strategists, consultants; and then there are people who work in campaigns and say that they have never lost, and we call them liars.''' ,'''I was against gay marriage until I realized I didn't have to get one.''' ,'''Democrats cluster in cities, and Republicans don't.''' ,'''Cajuns eat Italian on Sundays.''' ,'''The teachings of the Church line up more with the Democratic Party than the Republican Party.''' ,'''I've worked on enough campaigns to know that the most aggrieved candidate rarely emerges victorious.''' ,'''When one has retired from the ranks of American domestic political consulting, as I have, you are not really allowed to just quit. You become emeritus, of counsel, senior status, and God knows what.''' ,'''Politics is a messy business, but campaigning prepares you for governing. It prepares you to get hit, stand strong, and, if necessary, hit back.''' ,'''You have to have sharp elbows if you want to change something.''' ,'''When I was wrong about the 2002 elections, I dumped a garbage can on my head. When my John Kerry prediction didn't pan out in 2004, I smashed an egg on my face.''' ,'''Democratic strategists and operatives should not design a strategy based off today's conditions. They should be setting a strategy for where the trajectory of polling is headed.''' ,'''You know there's nothing a Hill Democrat would rather do than criticize another Democrat. It is their favorite activity. Then they can read about how honorable they are in an Op-Ed piece, how bipartisan.''' ,'''When George W. Bush was president, his daddy was raising money for the Bush library. I thought that was fine. When Bob Dole was Majority Leader, Elizabeth Dole was the president of American Red Cross. I didn't say anything.''' ,'''I love young people. I identify with them. It never was a goal of mine to grow up.''' ,'''I have always loved the college atmosphere - sometimes too much, which is why I spent so long at LSU.''' ,'''The 1980 Republican presidential contest might have been as good a roster of candidates as ever fielded by any party.''' ,'''This idea that somehow or another, every idea on its face, because it's an idea, has some validity is ludicrous.''' ,'''I'm a 'just the facts, ma'am' kind of guy.''' ,'''Politics is a rough and tumble business, and yet there seems to be an effort by the commentariat to sanitise American politics to some type of high-level Victorian debating society.''' ,'''Politics has become the great spectator sport of the United States.''' ,'''I knew that manual labor wasn't the career for me.''' ,'''Sometimes the right thing gets done for the wrong reason and sometimes, unfortunately, the wrong thing gets done for the right reason.''' ,'''When you run for president, and become president, they just rip you apart. Every facade of privacy that you have is gone. I think everybody believes that, to some extent, you can maintain privacy. And I think in the end, everybody gets proven wrong.''' ,'''No one will ever accuse James Carville of taking himself seriously.''' ,'''I made the argument that every growing demographic in this country - nonwhite voters, younger people - is trending Democratic. It's a ticking time bomb for the GOP. That's why I felt safe in saying that 'Republicans have no hope of making serious inroads into Democratic advantages in 2010 or likely 2012 or 2014 and so on.'''' ,'''Conservatives literally view it as a kind of a weakness to talk to people other than their own. Nothing would bore me more than to sit around talking and listening to a bunch of liberals all day.''' ,'''There are many Republicans who hardly even know a Democrat. And there are just as many, if not more, Democrats who don't know a Republican.''' ,'''Campaigns are about adjustments.''' ,'''Punditry is like weather forecasting: the winds can shift without warning. I remember when nobody would bet a McDonald's Quarter Pounder that Bill Clinton would win the White House.''' ,'''Democrats, myself included, tend to respect and value expertise and find that people who have established a record of accuracy and developed a model that's proven to be beneficial over time should be people accorded great deference when they opine on a topic that they have demonstrated past mastery over.''' ,'''It's our heritage: we Democrats, we dream a lot.''' ,'''We should not run away from religious teachings. We should run to them.''' ,'''My high school job was putting insulation in attics - in Louisiana in the summer. It must have been 95 degrees every day, and the insulation used to get all over me. It was not fun. But I didn't know any different. It wasn't like I was spending summers on Cape Cod.''' ,'''I'm not sure the people who are voting for Trump want to be pulled together with the people who are voting for Clinton and vice versa.''' ,'''I believe that loyalty is a cardinal virtue. Nowhere in the world is loyalty so little revered and tittle-tattle so greatly venerated as in Washington.''' ,'''One of my favorite aspects of basketball is good passing.''' ,'''I think the Democratic Party has the chronic problem of appearing to be weak, of not standing and fighting for what it believes in, not fighting for its own.''' ,'''When you become famous, being famous becomes your profession.''' ,'''To be a contrarian, you've got to be a contrarian against your own people.''' ,'''Romney is an accomodationist technocrat who is an ideological pretzel of a man.''' ,'''If a statesman is one who looks to the next generation and a politician one who looks to the next election, a political consultant must be one who looks to the next tracking poll.''' ,'''When I was a little bitty boy, I was a fan of boxing. But in Louisiana, it's football, football, football, and then everything else.''' ,'''The only person that ever stumbles is a guy moving forward. You don't stumble backwards; you stumble forward, and you never stumble when you're stationary. So don't worry about stumbling. Keep pushing it forward.''' ,'''Some of these people think the universe is five thousand years old, and they say it with a straight face. If somebody had an explanation saying why they thought the earth was five thousand years old, there's only two possible explanations: you're really stupid, or you're really cynical and trying to get really stupid people's votes.''' ,'''Momentum has always counted for something, not everything, but it's always perceived as being something that matters in American politics.''' ,'''In 1992, the most treasured voter was a voter that would sort of swing back and forth, one that might vote for Republican for president, Democrat for governor. The voter that didn't have that strong of a partisan ID. These were the voters that we targeted.''' ,'''My dad was actually a college boxer at L.S.U. and a good one, too. He was the captain of the boxing team.''' ,'''Drag a $100 bill through a trailer camp and there's no telling what you will find.''' ,'''I think that America will not trust a party to defend America that isn't willing to defend itself.''' ,'''I have always respected how Bobby Bowden would go out and challenge any opponent, and he produced some legendary games against the University of Miami and Notre Dame.''' ,'''I know a bit about selling books, and you need a good title - a catchy concoction with a little Cajun spice, something that will make folks stop in the aisles, turn away from the Grisham novels and the latest crazy diet fad, and pick up your masterpiece.''' ,'''Honestly, I enjoy nothing more than two Republicans going after each other.''' ,'''I was a little-known political consultant until Bill Clinton made me. When he came upon hard times, I felt it my duty - whatever my personal misgivings - to stick by him.''' ,]
+++