+++
author = "Roberto Alomar"
title = "Roberto Alomar Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Roberto Alomar Quotes"
keywords = "roberto alomar,roberto alomar quotes,roberto alomar quote,roberto alomar sayings,roberto alomar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To my mom, I don't know how to describe my mom. She is the most wonderful person in my life. She gave me love. She took me to the ballpark when I was just a little boy running around, hanging around.''' ,'''When I was a little boy, I didn't know what the Hall of Fame was. I was just playing the game of baseball, and I wanted to be just like my dad.''' ,'''A ballplayer doesn't make excuses.''' ,'''John Hirschbeck is a wonderful person with a wonderful family. I'm so glad that we have become friends.''' ,'''I always believed no matter where you are, as long as you're doing what you love doing, you're going to be happy.''' ,'''When I started playing the game of baseball, the more I played and the better numbers I got, the more I started thinking about the Hall of Fame. But I never thought I had a chance to be there.''' ,'''My heart is half Puerto Rican, half Canadian. That is how I feel.''' ,'''Everything I learned about the game of baseball, I learned from my dad.''' ,'''I'm proud of everything that I've accomplished since I was a little boy. That was my dream - to be a ballplayer. I didn't dream to win so many Gold Gloves, or Silver Bats or play in All-Star Games or World Series. I was just dreaming to play the game.''' ,]
+++