+++
author = "Lauren Ambrose"
title = "Lauren Ambrose Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Lauren Ambrose Quotes"
keywords = "lauren ambrose,lauren ambrose quotes,lauren ambrose quote,lauren ambrose sayings,lauren ambrose saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I saw 'Food, Inc.' last night - it was like a horror movie. I'm definitely thinking about my food supply now and how I want to grow my own.''' ,'''I think a woman can come into her power at any age.''' ,'''It's the nature of the freelancer: you never know where you're going to be. You get great opportunities, and you miss great opportunities all the time.''' ,'''I wanted to be on stage. That was kind of my plan as an actress in the beginning.''' ,'''New York is so dry.''' ,'''Norbert Leo Butz is a master class in energy.''' ,'''I never thought about being on a series before. It seemed like such a big commitment. But I love going to work every day. This is not about ego, it's about work, and that's refreshing in this town.''' ,'''I think that the story of a woman who is coming into her powers can really happen at any age.''' ,'''On 'Six Feet Under,' I never really had much to do with the actual business, with the embalming stuff. That wasn't really my role.''' ,''''My Fair Lady' and Eliza Doolittle will go on long after me, and someone else will step into it for their moment. That's what's so beautiful about revivals: There have been so many interpretations, and we're just giving it what we can.''' ,'''Yeah, I've always sung, and I always try to find a way for music to be in my life.''' ,'''That's the thing about 'Torchwood': It will pull the rug out from under you. It goes along being cute and campy and gay, and then, all of a sudden, it'll nail you.''' ,'''Being an actress is similar to trying to fit in with the popular kids in high school. You're expected to drive the right car, wear the right clothes and say the right things.''' ,'''Right now I just want to chill for a while. Take a hiatus from all the craziness. To clean my house, see my family. Just see some movies and pick some strawberries.''' ,'''I like eclecticism. To feel comfortable and not overdressed. I still like thrift store shopping, and I don't like to put a lot of effort into what I'm going to wear.''' ,'''I'm a little Italian girl from New Haven who, as an actor, gets to jump classes through language.''' ,'''I used to be really wild and dissatisfied and angry and had a journey toward becoming a lady; I think that's with anybody coming into their own power.''' ,'''I need to have an outlet, and so I go and make up characters and act and sing and dance like a crazy monkey clown.''' ,'''I really did always want to do theater.''' ,'''I would like to own the Red Sox.''' ,'''I think I need a little break. I've got a two-year old. I'll be part of The Leisure Class for a while.''' ,'''I love the process of working on a play. I love rehearsal so much. New York can be so tough, but the community in the theater is so warm and glorious.''' ,'''I'm an actor before I'm anything else.''' ,'''It's a miracle that any job comes together.''' ,'''The idea is that we're doing it just for the joy of the actual physical experience. We may record something just for the fun of it, but the idea is just to be truly joyful and truly fun, especially for me, because I take myself too seriously all the time.''' ,'''Having my son, I mean, I feel already that it makes me a better actress. Just the feeling and the love that expands in my being is more than I ever thought possible.''' ,'''I studied classical music in high school.''' ,'''Harry Hadden-Paton is just a lovely actor and an incredible person.''' ,'''We played one warm-up gig at this bar that was kinda like that bar in 'The Blues Brothers' with the chicken wire. This place called The Brick House, in Housatonic. I really can't believe we're going to play for people in New York City. I'm terrified, but it's a small enough room. But it's really just supposed to be for the fun of it.''' ,'''I hope to someday be a great actress and a wonderful performer.''' ,'''I just really love having dinner parties and hanging out.''' ,'''I came to L.A. to work and become a better actress, not to be a star.''' ,'''I would love to do a musical. Something old-fashioned, probably.''' ,]
+++