+++
author = "Matthew Morrison"
title = "Matthew Morrison Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Matthew Morrison Quotes"
keywords = "matthew morrison,matthew morrison quotes,matthew morrison quote,matthew morrison sayings,matthew morrison saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In all the shows I've done, I'm always the first to leave - it's in my make-up.''' ,'''I've had people following me home or standing outside my house. It's strange. I just don't think people were meant to be worshipped or idolised.''' ,'''You don't want to play a perfect person; no one cares about that.''' ,'''Most of the songs I wrote are personal.''' ,'''Everyone thinks I'm a nice guy, which is not a bad way to be perceived.''' ,'''I wouldn't be where I am today without the amazing public arts education that I had.''' ,'''Once you're famous you can't go back.''' ,'''I'd like someone who challenges me, someone who is more beautiful in the inside than they are on the outside.''' ,'''My favourite place in the world to run is Stanley Park in Vancouver. One loop around there is perfect.''' ,'''I grew up singing and dancing, so people have been calling me gay since fifth grade. I've heard everything you could possibly hear about it. But I do love gay people, so I'm not going to act like I was insulted or angry about it.''' ,'''I actually grew up break-dancing. When you break-dance you listen to hip-hop and rap, so I've been listening to that music since I was a kid.''' ,'''Music has the ability to comfort people.''' ,'''I'm a dancer, so I love to dance.''' ,'''It's pretty amazing being me.''' ,'''I grew up as an only child. My parents weren't great conversationalists. We had a quiet house. I'm not very verbal.''' ,'''I want to be Gwyneth Paltrow when I grow up! She's been able to have such a great career, such a great family and she stays so humble and so real.''' ,'''My friends hate me because I do pick up things really quickly.''' ,'''I run probably 35-40 miles a week, and I think 80 per cent of your body is what you eat. The biggest part is just eating well.''' ,'''Cooking is always very romantic!''' ,'''I'm not gay.''' ,'''Running has been almost my savior.''' ,'''I don't think anyone can get away from high school unscathed.''' ,'''My dad is a nurse midwife, one of about only 50 male midwives in the U.S., I think.''' ,'''I guess I was one of the popular kids. I played soccer, I was class president - I even dated the homecoming queen.''' ,'''The paparazzi is kind of crazy here in L.A., but it's nothing like it is in London. They are animals over there, it's insane.''' ,'''I love London and British women.''' ,'''On a TV show, you don't know where the character is going.''' ,'''I'm a huge Bob Marley fan; I remember going to Jamaica for the first time when I was a kid and I got so obsessed with the steel drums.''' ,'''I love candlelit dinners.''' ,'''I speak a little Spanish but I am so impressed by people who can speak a lot of different languages.''' ,'''I think every great show has that kind of romance that people just kind of yearn for.''' ,'''In high school, I had two friends that were suffering from cancer. I would go and sing for them while they were in hospital, and I sang at their services after they passed.''' ,'''I'm an awful golfer.''' ,'''I'm a great bowler. I was in a couple of leagues as a kid.''' ,'''I don't like to go out to parties or clubbing, and I kind of like my anonymity.''' ,'''I want my shows to be very classic and timeless.''' ,'''Fame, you know, it's like a handgun - in the wrong hands, it's dangerous.''' ,'''I'm a mellow guy, and I feel like my music is mellow.''' ,'''I like pushing myself, and usually if I'm not good at something I just won't do it because I'm a perfectionist.''' ,'''I don't get as much female attention as you'd think, because I never go out.''' ,'''There are so many stage actors on TV but you wouldn't know they were stage actors. And film and TV actors are going to the stage as well, so the crossover is great now.''' ,'''I've had way more rejections than I've had jobs.''' ,'''I know what it takes to be a good boyfriend. Time, first and foremost. To be there for someone and be involved in their life.''' ,'''I'm happy being single but I definitely want someone in my life. I want to eventually get married and have kids.''' ,'''More people saw the pilot of 'Glee' than saw me in my entire 10-year career on Broadway.''' ,'''I don't think anyone wants to be in a role forever.''' ,]
+++