+++
author = "Kathryn Newton"
title = "Kathryn Newton Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Kathryn Newton Quotes"
keywords = "kathryn newton,kathryn newton quotes,kathryn newton quote,kathryn newton sayings,kathryn newton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My generation is so motivated to tell their own stories because we have so many that need to be heard.''' ,'''When I got the audition for 'Big Little Lies,' I knew this project was going to be different than anything I'd ever done. That didn't change the way I approached the role.''' ,'''I've never looked at acting like a job. It's never been like that.''' ,'''I find that I relate to most of the characters that I play on a really personal level, just because we're the same age, we're girls, and we're growing. I can find myself in those roles, so it makes it easy to connect to. But all of them are their own person - they're all hard to understand and hard to figure out, just like I am.''' ,'''I'm just so comfortable with my hard work that I'm not worried about if I didn't get a job, or I didn't get that movie, or they didn't like me. It's like, 'It's OK. I can go play golf now. Have a great day.'''' ,''''Supernatural' fans are amazing. The people I've met from being on that show - I think those interactions have changed my life.''' ,'''I don't know if I have good style; I just know what I like.''' ,'''I remember the first time I saw 'Frances Ha' and was like, 'This is what I want to do.'''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of Greta Gerwig, and working with her was also a dream come true. She was one of those directors who, when people asked me, 'Who do you wanna work with one day?' I'd say Greta Gerwig. I've always been a fan of mumblecore and her films, and so to work with her was just so much fun.''' ,'''I'd say 230 yards off the tee is my average. Short game is a strength. I don't three-putt often. Actually, I'd say my mental game is probably the best. I'm very good at staying positive and focused on my game.''' ,'''I play golf with my dad all the time.''' ,'''I don't know whether to call myself a golfer who acts or an actor who plays golf.''' ,'''I've gone to real school my whole life.''' ,'''I have two poodles - I'm a poodle person.''' ,'''Golf is such a big commitment, and so is acting. Sometimes you have to give up something to do something else, although, when I'm working on location, I always take my clubs.''' ,'''I loved 'Paranormal Activity.' It was one of my favorites before. It was a tradition; my friends and I went every year.''' ,'''I've never really been a rebellious teen.''' ,'''The thing I love about golf is that it's all on me. I can't blame another player, the wind, or even blame a bad round on one chunked shot. It's not subjective at all. Meanwhile, acting is very subjective. I can be the best actor and not get the job.''' ,'''I love putting. I love to practice my short game.''' ,'''Reese Witherspoon made me better. Just working with her, being with her, I learned so much. I want to be like her.''' ,'''I wanted to be a Broadway star.''' ,'''I just love to watch people get scared. It's like, 'Yes, I accomplished my goal!'''' ,'''I've been really lucky that I've kind of gotten to flow from project to project, because I find it's very important that when you're on a project, you are so invested in it.''' ,'''You have so much freedom as an actor in your character's choices, and I really learned to take advantage of that.''' ,'''I'm really close to my parents.''' ,'''If you have something to say, a movie is a really great medium to say it. It doesn't matter what the message is.''' ,'''I was on a sitcom called 'Gary Unmarried' for 37 episodes, and then I was in 'Bad Teacher' with Cameron Diaz and Justin Timberlake.''' ,'''As an actor, you audition a lot for 'the girlfriend' or the 'hot girl.'''' ,]
+++