+++
author = "Billy Mays"
title = "Billy Mays Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Billy Mays Quotes"
keywords = "billy mays,billy mays quotes,billy mays quote,billy mays sayings,billy mays saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Hi, Billy Mays here for...''' ,'''Life's a pitch, then you buy.''' ,'''The best things in life are free - and $19.95.''' ,'''It's important for me to sell a product that works.''' ,'''One of the things that we hope to do with 'Pitchmen' is to give people an appreciation of what we do.''' ,'''I'm a pitchman, my business comes from the pitch, nothing else.''' ,'''When I'm up against a wall, that's when Billy Mays performs best.''' ,'''My voice, my likeness is my livelihood. That's it. I keep it simple. I pick good products.''' ,'''The infomercial business has been good to me.''' ,'''Just had a close call landing in Tampa. The tires blew out upon landing.''' ,'''You know what, rip me off once, shame on me. But twice? I'm coming after you and taking back what's mine.''' ,'''Is it demonstratable? Does it have that wow factor? Is it easy to use? Is it priced right?''' ,'''Broken! Busted! Everybody has something to repair. Before buying new, let Mighty Putty fix it for you.''' ,'''I enjoy what I do. I think it shows.''' ,'''I've done well for myself.''' ,'''Long live your laundry!''' ,'''Stuck in the plane on the runway. You can always count on US Air.''' ,'''I love beautiful wood.''' ,'''I don't take on a product unless I believe in it. I use everything that I sell.''' ,'''Before you throw it away, let Mighty Mendit save the day.''' ,'''It's a funny business. I kind of compare it to baseball. I'm always looking for a home run.''' ,]
+++