+++
author = "Danny Amendola"
title = "Danny Amendola Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Danny Amendola Quotes"
keywords = "danny amendola,danny amendola quotes,danny amendola quote,danny amendola sayings,danny amendola saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Sometimes, things don't go your way. Sometimes, they do.''' ,'''You want to make as many plays as you can just to help your team to get points on the board. If that happens you're going to naturally gain confidence.''' ,'''Every game in this league is close, and it's going to come down to making plays at the end.''' ,'''My favorite player growing up was Wayne Chrebet, and the day I met him was one of the best days of my life. It's something I'll never forget, no matter who your role models are, no matter who you look up to.''' ,'''I don't have any regrets in my career.''' ,'''I've played a lot of football in my life. I know the tempo and speed of the game.''' ,'''I lost my aunt to breast cancer.''' ,'''When I was on the practice squad, it felt like I was just a guy who came in off the street three days a week to help actual NFL players get better. It was unsettling, unfulfilling and there were a few times when I wondered whether I would get my shot. But I kept showing up and kept competing. I was too stubborn to stop believing in myself.''' ,'''The toughest injury I've played with was I tore my planter fascia in my foot. As a receiver, as a skill position, anytime you get your wheels, so to speak, messed up, it's hard to play like you want to play.''' ,'''I feel like pace is a huge part of being successful through preseason and then on into the season.''' ,'''I wish I could play Blackjack really well.''' ,'''If athletics wasn't an option, I'd probably work at like a surf shop in Hawaii on the beach, just dishing out surf boards.''' ,'''I'm just trying to make sure if I get the ball in my hands I do something with it.''' ,'''You practice hard, you play hard and hopefully you play good.''' ,'''It's a physical game, and it's honestly a fight out there every play.''' ,'''I've been on teams that never made it to the playoffs. It wasn't fun playing meaningless football.''' ,'''You can learn from your mistakes but you can't harp on the bad things, the negative things that have happened. But you definitely have to learn from them and get better and improve and progress as a football player.''' ,'''Obviously Tom Brady is a great quarterback.''' ,'''I like to go full speed all the time.''' ,'''You've got to deal with adversity throughout the season, whether it's injuries, losing a game where you don't play well.''' ,'''I'm not the biggest dude, and I'm not the fastest dude.''' ,'''You've just got to get open and catch the ball.''' ,'''My dad is a high school football coach in Texas so I've been around this game for a long time.''' ,'''I've always wanted to throw a first pitch out, and nothing like doing it near your hometown where you live.''' ,'''Here in Austin, Texas, we live in sort of rolling hill country. And I get on my mountain bike, just cruise the hills, get on the trails.''' ,'''You come in on practice squad and you know you're not going to play in the game, you know you're not going to get any reps. It's frustrating... you don't want to just practice your whole life. You want to practice to play.''' ,'''It's what makes everybody better, that pressure for a spot and competing.''' ,'''I remember my first practice, from Pee Wee football when I was, like, 10, and I didn't know what was going on.''' ,'''Every play I'm competing my tail off to try to win the route, win the block or whatever my job is on that play.''' ,'''There's a difference between being injured and being hurt.''' ,'''My inspiration on the field is Tom Brady. My inspiration off the field is Gronk.''' ,'''If you can't hold yourself accountable and get your job done then you're not going to be successful.''' ,'''Boston is an unbelievable city, and for any athlete looking to become involved in the community, this is the perfect place.''' ,'''I've been blessed to surround myself with good parents, and good people, and I think that's the secret: Surround yourself with people that are positive influences in your life that want to help and want to care.''' ,'''I want to be part of something great.''' ,'''All games are huge, especially division games, and the ones at the end of the year matter the most.''' ,'''My job is just to get open and catch the ball.''' ,'''Boston will always have a place in my heart. I'll always call Boston home, regardless of what city I'm living in or what team I'm playing for.''' ,'''My job is just to get open and catch the ball so I don't really focus on who the quarterback is. But I try to build a rapport with whoever is calling the plays.''' ,'''My favorite Christmas gift as a child was - I had a ninja turtle skateboard.''' ,'''Everybody has a job to do and I'm no different.''' ,'''I want to play good football for a long time.''' ,'''When guys talk about going to the league in college, they're thinking about flash and bling. But my first taste of the NFL was a relatively small non-guaranteed contract, a crappy room at an extended stay hotel and a sense of panic every time my phone rang because it might be the cut guy.''' ,'''I love playing special teams. It's fun, it's like 'Braveheart' sometimes but it's a lot of fun.''' ,'''I've played a lot of people in ping-pong. I had a table growing up.''' ,'''I understand what it feels like to be tired in a game because I was tired in practice, and I understand what my body can go through and how I can push my body mentally and physically, and that's something I really relate to.''' ,'''Positive thoughts - get where you need to go by thinking you're going to get there.''' ,'''I learned a lot of different offenses in this league.''' ,'''However you can affect somebody positively is what you should aspire to do.''' ,'''Height is definitely an advantage no matter what position you are at.''' ,'''As much as it hurts to work out after a game, it helps that much more.''' ,'''I think back into when I was in college coming out, what I had to go through, the steps I had to make. And I still play with that chip on my shoulder to this day and I always will, so that's something that'll always stay with me.''' ,'''Every team communicates differently. Every verbiage is different on each team.''' ,'''Cancer is a very real thing. it takes a lot of lives every year. It's something we can always pursue and try to find a cure, and try to raise money.''' ,'''You want to start fast in each game, you want to start fast in each season and take it a week at a time.''' ,'''Every team in the league is always looking to upgrade its talent.''' ,'''Teams like the Patriots stress situational football moreso than a lot of other teams in the NFL.''' ,'''I was huge Steve Smith fan watching him play for Carolina.''' ,'''I come into each and every game and every season with a chip on my shoulder.''' ,'''For me, if I wasn't going to get a full scholarship to go to school, I was going to go to the Army or Navy so I could avoid debt.''' ,'''I love playing football.''' ,'''Coach Gase is one of the guys.''' ,'''No question, I love the path I've taken.''' ,'''Whatever my role is on each play, that's just what I have to do. I have to do my job. That's pretty much it, regardless of whether it's inside or outside.''' ,'''Accountability is huge and everybody has a job to do on every play and that's the really only thing you focus on.''' ,'''We feel that if you - practice habits turn into game realities.''' ,'''I've never played for my dad. I played against my dad actually in high school. That was fun, but he taught me how to play the game the right way. Respect the game, give it all you've got and regardless of what happens, have no regrets.''' ,'''That's what I've learned the Patriots Way being: holding yourself accountable and attention to detail. It doesn't matter who you are, how long you've played, whether you're the nutritionist or starting quarterback, you're going to be held accountable, and you have a role.''' ,'''Strengths, I believe deep down that I am a football player, just have to do whatever it takes to win games, whatever it takes to fulfill my role on the offense and help my team win games.''' ,'''It is a business, and at the end of the day, I'm very lucky and very thankful and blessed to have the ability to play this game and be compensated as much as I do anyway.''' ,'''I just love playing the game. I learned it from my father, and he taught me to play every play as hard as you can, whether it's a run or it's a pass. I'm not going to be able to play forever, so I might as well go all out when I am.''' ,'''I always drove the crappiest cars out there.''' ,'''It's a business. Everybody treats it like a business. You love playing football, you love being around the locker room, and that's really the most important thing for me.''' ,'''You have to finish the season strong and you have to come out ready to play regardless of the situation you're in.''' ,'''Everybody is going to face adversity at some point, definitely when you leave college and try to get into the real world so to speak and get your first job.''' ,'''I believe that, deep down at heart, I'm a football player.''' ,'''I've been on a 1-15 team.''' ,'''Patriots Nation is loud, they have sick accents.''' ,'''The way I operate as a football player and the product that I put on the field in relation to the business that I conduct, I want it to be as tough as possible in practice so when I get into the games I've been there before.''' ,'''I'm just trying to build a rapport with whoever is calling the play. That's my job.''' ,'''The grind never ends.''' ,'''I like clothes that you can't tell what era it is, clean, and something I can look back at in ten years and not say, like, 'what the hell was I thinking?!'''' ,'''All my family's from Boston.''' ,'''I believe the NFL is a land of opportunity. As soon as you figure out you can find your little niche, you can find your role on an offense, in my position at receiver, I feel like you can develop an identity and go from there.''' ,'''There's always adversity to overcome.''' ,'''Even though I'd been invited to the combine, I didn't test particularly well. That didn't really surprise me, I had I no expectation that I'd shock people with an insane 40 time. But I knew things weren't looking good when I started getting asked a lot of questions about the size of my hands.''' ,'''Wind, weather, everything comes into play when you're in the kicking game - how far the ball is going to traveling in the air, where it's going to travel with the wind.''' ,'''I like to make my training sessions harder than an actual game with very high intensity workouts, lots of sprints and plenty of weight room lifts.''' ,'''I love every aspect of football, so getting out on the field is fun for me.''' ,'''When you come to work you're expected to be professional.''' ,'''I want to play football at a high level.''' ,'''Philly was a great opportunity because I met Pat Shurmur. I was very grateful for that. Unfortunately I wish I had more football memories there. I didn't play in any regular-season games, which sucks because I wanted to play.''' ,'''Baseball didn't really fit my personality as well as football does.''' ,'''Returning punts is one of my favorite things to do in the whole world. It's awesome. It's like playing on the highway.''' ,'''I feel like the best of the best in any sport not only plays well, but they get everyone around them to play really well, and the best they can.''' ,'''We've got to win. That's the goal each week.''' ,'''I learned how to be a smart, tough, fundamentally sound football player.''' ,'''Without a doubt, one of the toughest football players to ever play the game is Tom Brady.''' ,'''I tried to convert all my friends back in Houston to Patriots fans, which was successful to a small degree.''' ,'''I'm just encouraging students to read. It's something you can do daily. It's something you can do whether you're sitting at home reading a newspaper or ordering something online. It's endless.''' ,]
+++