+++
author = "Nancy Pearcey"
title = "Nancy Pearcey Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Nancy Pearcey Quotes"
keywords = "nancy pearcey,nancy pearcey quotes,nancy pearcey quote,nancy pearcey sayings,nancy pearcey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Homeschoolers are the ultimate do-it-yourselfers. They are self-motivated and self-directed, independent-minded and creative. They are not content to turn their education of their children over to the government.''' ,'''No matter how much you like your local school teacher, he or she is a government agent.''' ,'''Literary theory has become a parody of science, generating its own arcane jargon. In the process, tragically, it discourages love of literature for its own sake.''' ,'''The defense of marriage is the defense of freedom. Neither of which is obsolete.''' ,'''Beginning under the Roman Empire, intellectual leadership in the West had been provided by Christianity. In the middle ages, who invented the first universities - in Paris, Oxford, Cambridge? The church.''' ,'''My aim in homeschooling is to give my children the ability to be an adult learner, a skill set that will last the rest of their lives.''' ,'''Indigenous people have discovered that Christianity is not inherently Western but universal - 'translatable' into any cultural idiom.''' ,'''During the first 13 centuries after the birth of Jesus in Bethlehem, no one thought of setting up a creche to celebrate Christmas. The pre-eminent Christian holiday was Easter, not Christmas.''' ,'''America has always welcomed anyone willing to assimilate to its national character. But radical Islam rejects assimilation and is bent on the conquest of our national character.''' ,'''America is a knowledge-based society, where information counts as much as material resources. Therefore those with the power to define what qualifies as knowledge - to determine what are the accepted facts - wield the greatest social and political power.''' ,'''To be intellectual does not require one to be alienated and oppositional.''' ,'''If pro-abortionists want to commit intellectual suicide and deny scientific facts, that's their problem. But there's no reason a civilized society should fund their anti-scientific outlook - or accept its inhumane consequences.''' ,'''Modern secular thought has its own dualism: It treats only the physical world as knowable and testable, while locking everything else - mind, spirit, morality, meaning - into the realm of private, subjective feelings. The so-called fact/value split.''' ,'''We do not create marriage from scratch. Instead, in the elegant language of the marriage ceremony, we 'enter into the holy estate of matrimony.'''' ,'''The genius of the American Founders was to create an intricate system of balanced powers both within the state and between state and society - a system that has fostered unprecedented political, social, and intellectual freedom.''' ,'''The word 'tolerance' once meant we all have the right to argue rationally for our deepest convictions in the public arena. Now it means those convictions are not even subject to rational debate.''' ,'''Visit a typical science classroom and you will discover far more than empirical facts being taught. The dominant worldview among scientific intellectuals is evolutionary naturalism, which holds that humans are essentially biochemical machines.''' ,'''Pro-lifers have long been castigated for bringing private values into the public square. But actually it is the pro-abortion position that is based on merely personal views and values.''' ,'''Americans have grown impatient with the relentless politicizing of every area of life.''' ,'''Many journalists are influenced by a myopic multiculturalism that is suspicious of anything Western, while giving the benefit of the doubt to non-Western societies.''' ,'''Public education grants secular worldviews an exclusive monopoly in the classroom.''' ,'''America faces a fundamental choice: either the blessings of liberty or the servitude of liberalism. In the political struggle for survival, one or the other is headed for extinction.''' ,'''The Tea Party has imparted political energy to common-sense American constitutionalism.''' ,'''The more we learn about life, the less plausible is any evolutionary theory that relies on blind, undirected, piece-by-piece change.''' ,'''In Gnosticism, the physical world did not ultimately matter - which meant physical suffering did not matter either. Seeking 'enlightenment' meant cultivating an attitude of detachment, even indifference.''' ,'''Urban areas tend to attract members of the 'knowledge class' - people who work with ideas, data, information.''' ,'''The costs of marriage breakdown are borne by the entire society, and therefore it is reasonable for the entire society to demand support for marriage - to insist that it is privileged both culturally and legally.''' ,'''Schools ought to teach students to challenge secular ideologies masquerading as science in the classroom.''' ,'''The human mind inherently seeks intelligible order. Thus the conviction that such an order exists to be found is a crucial assumption.''' ,'''Competition is always a good thing. It forces us to do our best. A monopoly renders people complacent and satisfied with mediocrity.''' ,'''The White House should always be a friend to American freedom.''' ,]
+++