+++
author = "Danny Masterson"
title = "Danny Masterson Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Danny Masterson Quotes"
keywords = "danny masterson,danny masterson quotes,danny masterson quote,danny masterson sayings,danny masterson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My job is summer camp. I come and talk and try to make a TV show funny.''' ,'''When you have another actor as your boss, they understand how to communicate easier sometimes than just a writer.''' ,'''I'd rather do movies 'cause I am better at movies, but I do shows 'cause the opportunities have come forward.''' ,'''I love the DJ scene out in the clubs. It is a great way to party and make people happy, the atmosphere is one that I use as an escape from reality.''' ,'''I am a hip-hop fanatic, and rock fanatic.''' ,'''I have done about 15 movies so far and am on my 5th season on That '70s Show.''' ,'''I was modeling since I was four and acting in commercials since I was five - this was when I was in New York. I then moved to LA when I was 16... but before that I had done a play on Broadway.''' ,'''Plenty of people are raised Catholic and then aren't Catholic anymore, like any religion.''' ,'''Spin-offs were never really my thing.''' ,'''I then moved to LA when I was 16... but before that I had done a play on Broadway.''' ,'''If I could make millions of dollars being a softball player, I would quit acting in a second.''' ,'''See, my strumpf is in my hair. Now, I don't know what strumpf means. It's just a term some brothas gave me.''' ,'''Sometimes I wonder if I would've been more successful if I wasn't acting and I concentrated on other things. But I love being on set. I love working with my 100 crew members.''' ,'''I really like fashion, but I'm not a fashionista by any means.''' ,'''I have to say that one of the most important things Scientology has given me is the ability to keep my integrity together. I understand how people can get into unethical situations, and Scientology has always helped me keep my head clear and be in present time.''' ,'''Unless something real cool comes along, I will probably be doing features, so long as I can make a living doing that. Otherwise, I will do another show.''' ,'''I am really into '70s music, like The Rolling Stones, The Doors and what not.''' ,'''The best thing ever is when some guy in his 50s taps me on the shoulder and says, 'I just want to let you know I hate my job, I hate my wife, and I come home and I watch reruns of your show and it's the only half hour of the day when I laugh and I forget how miserable life is.'''' ,'''I generally will answer any question about anything.''' ,'''Before I finished another level of Scientology auditing, I had a very hard time with being wrong and I always had to have my own way - and not in a good sense. After auditing, I was able to have my thoughts, communicate them and not have to be right all the time.''' ,'''When I was 15, my parents left town for a month. They hid the keys to the car, but I found them. That month, I drove my stepdad's Thunderbird Super Coupe into Manhattan every day, and I would crank Cypress Hill as I flew around the city, racing the taxis.''' ,'''If I'm working, I'm not D.J.'ing. And if I'm not working, I'm D.J.'ing all the time.''' ,]
+++