+++
author = "Danny Welbeck"
title = "Danny Welbeck Quotes"
quotes_len = "96"
description = "the best 96 Danny Welbeck Quotes"
keywords = "danny welbeck,danny welbeck quotes,danny welbeck quote,danny welbeck sayings,danny welbeck saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am never happy if we are not winning.''' ,'''When you score, you've got to be happy. It's only normal.''' ,'''Once I get into the box and get the opportunities, I have got faith in my ability.''' ,'''Every day, in every single walk of life, you can do something good, and people will have something bad to say about you. You just get on with it and do your job as best you can.''' ,'''It's not great to lose your best players.''' ,'''It's always good to be competitive.''' ,'''There's no better feeling than scoring in front of the Stretford End.''' ,'''Striker is my favourite position, but once I get on the pitch, whether it's out on the wing or in the middle, I just want to enjoy my football and try and produce as good a performance as possible.''' ,'''In your mindset, you just have to know there's going to be another opportunity, and you have to keep focused.''' ,'''There were plenty of people who didn't know that I played for United. I'm not one of those people that puts themselves out there. And I was never satisfied to be playing for United at 14 or 15; I wanted to play for Manchester United's senior team.''' ,'''I am one of those people that if you are going to say something, just say it. I take it on the chin.''' ,'''I've loved my time at Sunderland. It's benefited me so much, as I've just gained invaluable experience playing week-in, week-out in the Premier League and mixing it with the big boys.''' ,'''If you get a big injury, it is not easy at all to deal with it.''' ,'''My parents made me who I am. They are kind, generous, loving people.''' ,'''Football's football. You're going to come across the good and the bad, but you've got to take it all in your stride.''' ,'''Getting injured is a massive setback. When you look back at it, it makes you a better and a stronger person today, but at the time, it's hard to deal with.''' ,'''Once we are on that pitch, the main thing is getting that win.''' ,'''Obviously, you want to win a trophy and finish as high up the table as possible. But it's important to focus game-by-game.''' ,'''There were a lot of people in Manchester that I was connected to, so it is a bit different coming to London and not knowing as many people.''' ,'''I'm not just a fighter; I like to give love as well. I'm a lover, too.''' ,'''To be given the chance to play for United is a dream, and I'm always willing to go when asked.''' ,'''If you are playing on the left of a four-man midfield, there are a lot more defensive duties to do, so you can't find the times to keep attacking. But if you're on the left of a 4-3-3, I find that position really good as well.''' ,'''Jack Wilshere is a prime example of how things work. He went to Bolton and did really well, then he went back to Arsenal and really kicked on. It is something quite a few of the young boys look at and think, 'If he can do it, so can we.'''' ,'''I think it can be quite frustrating at times for anyone playing out of position, but you've just got to deal with it.''' ,'''To get a first goal for England was something I've dreamed of since I was a little kid.''' ,'''I prefer to play as a striker, but I will do my best and try to win the game for my team as long as I am on the pitch.''' ,'''For United, I'm more likely to be left wing of a four-man midfield with only two centre-mids, so it's a bit more difficult for me to maybe make those runs to get in and score those goals when I've got to think about my defensive duties as well.''' ,'''There's going to be bumps along the way, in any walk of life, not just as a professional footballer with injuries. You've got to be resilient with it and keep pushing through. It'll make you stronger as well.''' ,'''Obviously, Thierry Henry is someone I have looked up to ever since I started playing football.''' ,'''It is good for any footballer to get a run of games.''' ,'''In professional football, there are always going to be critics.''' ,'''Mum and dad worked so hard to help me and my brothers grow up as good people. They were both social workers, working with kids with learning disabilities. They are just great people. It means so much to me to make them proud.''' ,'''If you're getting goals and getting a run of games in your preferred position, your confidence is going to grow, and performances are going to grow as well.''' ,'''It hurts a lot to see United not winning.''' ,'''When I get on that pitch, I want to make an impact. That's all I can say.''' ,'''Sometimes things are said on the pitch that people won't see at home. There's a bit of banter on the pitch as well.''' ,'''Obviously, I wasn't born when Pele was playing at World Cups, but I have watched plenty of videos, both of him and other great players.''' ,'''I just want to keep on getting better and improving. Those extra hours on the training pitch, whether it be with the boys or individually, I am just looking to improve.''' ,'''I've been at United ever since I was a little boy, and I had a great time there.''' ,'''I've been playing for England at every single youth team level, so it's like a natural progression into the seniors, and I'm obviously delighted with my progress.''' ,'''I got Osgood-Schlatter disease in my knees because my bones were growing quicker than my muscles, and it's hard to get out on the training pitch; then, afterwards, you're in agony every single time you play football.''' ,'''I've never asked or demanded a penny from United.''' ,'''It's football: sometimes you're fit, and sometimes you're not.''' ,'''I have played up front for England, been away to tournaments, and scored goals there, so I know once I get into those positions I will put the chances away.''' ,'''People can say I've not scored enough goals, but you see the best strikers on the wing in a four-man midfield and see if they score goals. Nobody can really criticise my finishing because they don't really see me playing in a forward position too often.''' ,'''I'm a centre forward, and that is my preferred position. But I'll play on the wing or in midfield, wherever the manager wants me to play.''' ,'''Obviously when a new manager comes in, he's got to instill his own ideas within the team and with his set-up for the games.''' ,'''My mindset's just focused on looking forward, bettering myself, getting on the pitch, on the training pitch, doing what I can do to improve myself.''' ,'''There is no better feeling for a Manc kid than scoring for United.''' ,'''I think there's a lot of hidden talents at the big clubs that aren't getting the chance to showcase their ability.''' ,'''I've played in a few Champions League matches and got into quarter-finals - sometimes unluckily knocked out - but you have to prepare like any other football match: you have to play the game, not the occasion. That's been instilled in me since I was a kid.''' ,'''You can't be looking into the past too much about what you could have done; it is about making things right and learning from that experience and taking it into the next game.''' ,'''I think, first and foremost, Wayne Rooney is a class player. Wherever he is on the pitch, he can make an impact.''' ,'''Playing for United is all I've ever wanted to do - it's the club I've supported all my life.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I play better for England, but my goals-per-game ratio is definitely better.''' ,'''I don't really play off nerves. I just want to win.''' ,'''I'm really lucky that my occupation is something I love.''' ,'''We are a religious family. My mum still goes to church every Sunday. There was a time when I was younger when I started getting games on a Sunday, so it came down to a choice between going to church and playing football. I think my mum knew what I really loved, and she did not stop me from going to football.''' ,'''Once you play regularly, it just becomes second nature to do things on the pitch.''' ,'''There is always room to improve.''' ,'''Ever since I was a young kid, I've been playing for an academy with scouts all over the world that are looking for top players to come in.''' ,'''Obviously, at Manchester United, I want to be working hard, and I have been doing that ever since I was a young kid.''' ,'''England against France is such a massive match; you can't get much bigger than that in European football. It's a huge rivalry.''' ,'''Sometimes you go into Nando's, and you want to tuck into the chicken wings with your fingers, but you know someone is watching you, so you don't. I'm sat there thinking, 'If these chicken wings were at home, they would get demolished!' But I've got to use a knife and fork, and you end up saying: 'Could I get a bag to take these home, please?'''' ,'''As a player, you have to focus on the match and not too much on the surroundings.''' ,'''I go into every game like I'm playing at school!''' ,'''Fans are so important to football clubs, and you have to respect that everyone has got an opinion, but we have got to do our stuff on the football pitch.''' ,'''People around me would never let me get too big-headed. At the end of the day, you're just another human being.''' ,'''If I was to play on the left, I'd rather play there if there was three in midfield.''' ,'''It is always good to be away with a few of the older lads because you pick up so much from them every day. You see how they prepare for games, how they rest, and how they train.''' ,'''It is well known I prefer to play through the middle, so when I get my opportunity, I just want to show what I can do.''' ,'''It is good to get goals, but it is quite depressing if we don't win.''' ,'''That's the most important thing - once you're on the pitch, you need to do your job properly.''' ,'''Being at United, you always get quite disappointed if you don't get all three points, as you believe you can go into every single game and win it.''' ,'''I've grown up at Manchester United and been professional all through my career, and I always do extra work.''' ,'''When you are playing regularly, you feel a lot sharper on the pitch.''' ,'''That's Manchester United for you, a never-say-die attitude as you see time and time again.''' ,'''The teacher would say, 'Not everybody makes it as a footballer, so what do you want to be?' I'd say, 'A footballer.' The teacher would say, 'But not everybody makes it. So what do you want to be?' I'd say, 'A footballer.' Every year that happened! Nothing was going to get in the way of me being a footballer.''' ,'''Each manager has their own ideas that they want to get across to the players, and how to do it.''' ,'''Some of the centre-backs are 90 kg. I'm only 70-something kilos - so I need to be strong.''' ,'''Going on loan really benefits you.''' ,'''I started growing late, so I was a late developer.''' ,'''Things move on in life, and I think you've really got to make the right decision in the situation that you're in at that moment in time.''' ,'''You play football for a reason... I am passionate about it.''' ,'''It's really important at United that you've been brought up with that winning mentality.''' ,'''I used to get two buses to school, and you'd see more or less everyone in the city centre, so I kind of knew everyone around my age group.''' ,'''When I'm on the pitch, I just want to give as good a performance as possible.''' ,'''It's the same for everyone - when they are being played out of position, they don't really like it.''' ,'''Growing up at United and training with him day-in, day-out, you learn a lot from him. Wazza is always there, and you can talk to him. He has been through a lot of experiences in his life, and he is always happy to pass that experience down to the younger players.''' ,'''Sunderland was a turning point where I changed from a boy to a man. It was definitely the right thing for me to go on loan to another Premier League club. It helped me beyond words.''' ,'''At Arsenal, we're not short of combination football, and I like to join in on that and get in behind defenders and try to get shots off at goal.''' ,'''Fletcher Moss was where it started for me and a lot of other players as well.''' ,'''Manchester United is a club that means so much to me.''' ,'''You have competition throughout your whole life, and it only makes you better. That competitive edge gives you extra motivation.''' ,'''What would I have studied at university? Football!''' ,'''I've been through seasons where I've not played a lot of games, and its been difficult due to injuries and stuff like that.''' ,]
+++