+++
author = "O. J. Simpson"
title = "O. J. Simpson Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 O. J. Simpson Quotes"
keywords = "o. j. simpson,o. j. simpson quotes,o. j. simpson quote,o. j. simpson sayings,o. j. simpson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'd like to get back to my family and friends - believe it or not, I do have some real friends.''' ,'''Don't feel sorry for me. I've had a great life, great friends.''' ,'''I've always thought I'd been pretty good with people, and I basically have spent a conflict-free life, you know?''' ,'''I've been very clear. I won. I didn't commit the crime.''' ,'''What do you mean you have my children at the police station? Why are my kids at the police station?''' ,'''The Oscar or the Emmy says you've reached a level of competence in this business, and I would love to have one.''' ,'''I've done my time. I've done it as well and as respectfully as I think anyone can.''' ,'''I had one fight in my adult life. I had the famous '89 fight with Nicole, which she admits that she initiated the physical part.''' ,'''I'm not a guy that ever got in a fight on the street and with the public and everybody.''' ,'''I really have reached a point where I can write a book about all of this.''' ,'''The day you take complete responsibility for yourself, the day you stop making any excuses, that's the day you start to the top.''' ,'''If there wasn't no fight, there wasn't no weekend.''' ,'''I had some problems with fidelity in my life but pretty much got along with everybody.''' ,'''I don't know how often I can discuss one incident in my entire life, but I'll continue to do that.''' ,'''Nobody ever accused me of pulling any weapon on them. I would never, ever pull a weapon on anybody.''' ,'''Money takes wings. The only thing that endures is character.''' ,'''I didn't beat her. I just pushed her out of bed.''' ,'''Nicole will come up in conversations where it's in a part of the conversation. Or we may be somewhere and I would tell some story about their mother and I. You know, we always honor her birthday.''' ,'''I'm absolutely, l00 percent, not guilty.''' ,'''I tend to watch a little TV... Court TV, once in a while. Some of the cases I get interested in.''' ,'''I always put my fantasies in the realm of goals.''' ,'''I believe in the jury system.''' ,'''I'm enjoying the money, the big house, the cars; what ghetto kid wouldn't?''' ,'''Oh my God, Nicole is killed? Oh my God, she is dead?''' ,'''I have always wanted to be liked and respected.''' ,'''I could not tell you the date of my mother's death. I could not tell you the date of my dad's death. These are not dates that I find significant.''' ,'''My NFL pension can barely pay my son's tuition. You know, it's very little money.''' ,'''I tell inmates all the time, 'Don't complain about your grind. Do your time.'''' ,'''I think I've been a great citizen.''' ,]
+++