+++
author = "Faye Marsay"
title = "Faye Marsay Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Faye Marsay Quotes"
keywords = "faye marsay,faye marsay quotes,faye marsay quote,faye marsay sayings,faye marsay saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everyone is entitled to their opinion, and you like what you like. But I felt like with 'Pride,' certainly when it was released in America, there were certain things that went on with the marketing where I though we're pandering to whatever the vibe is of that area.''' ,'''Even though I have Twitter, I only use it to say, 'Oh, this is coming out.' I would never voice anything about me, really.''' ,'''Nothing is impossible on 'Game of Thrones.'''' ,'''Football is my true love. I played with boys until I was 11 and then for a girls' club in Middlesbrough until I was 16.''' ,'''It's terrifying, social media. It terrifies me.''' ,'''My grandad was a miner. My father, brother, and uncles all work in industry.''' ,'''I just like playing people.''' ,'''I really loved making 'Love, Nina.' I was in every scene, which was amazing. Bloody hell, what a job!''' ,'''There were no theatre facilities at the comp that I went to, but I did have amazing teachers who never stopped encouraging me.''' ,'''It's part of the magic of 'Game of Thrones,' all the secrets.''' ,'''My feet are always on the ground. My family and friends make sure I stay there.''' ,'''I like that about London. It comes together when it needs to, and it has magic.''' ,'''I've been lucky enough to sort of go over different mediums, different vibes and genres.''' ,'''I'm from a salt-of-the-earth, working-class, northern background. My dad's a steelworker and a firefighter, and my mum is a secretary for the NHS.''' ,'''I feel passionately that the opportunities I have had should be available to everyone.''' ,'''I think, with 'Pride,' I always knew that was something amazing because of the people who were in it and the story and the way it was written and who was directing. Anyone in that cast knew it was special.''' ,'''We are a typical working class northern family, big into our football... no one in the family was into acting. But I remember seeing a panto when I was about six and thinking, 'Yeah... I wouldn't mind doing that.'''' ,'''I just like doing my job.''' ,'''I worked in a restaurant and in a nightclub cloakroom.''' ,'''I'm from the north, so I'm anti-Thatcher.''' ,'''I constantly think I'll be found out any second. Some of the crazy stuff that goes through your head. Once you've moved on from the scene, that's it: it's going in the telly and there's nowt you can do about it! It's really scary.''' ,'''I never expected that I'd be doing as many jobs as I did. I know everybody says that, but I thought I'd be sat in my pants waiting for someone to ring me. Then maybe within five years I might get something.''' ,]
+++