+++
author = "Buddy Murphy"
title = "Buddy Murphy Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Buddy Murphy Quotes"
keywords = "buddy murphy,buddy murphy quotes,buddy murphy quote,buddy murphy sayings,buddy murphy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Don't take no as an answer - anyone can achieve anything.''' ,'''Calling yourself the 'Best Kept Secret' is a die on your own sword.''' ,'''Being the first Australian to ever actually hold a WWE promoted championship - it is a huge honour. It's something that can never be taken away. Words can't describe it.''' ,'''One of my favorite things about traveling is experimenting with different workouts in different gyms. If I can't get to a Gold's Gym, and I'm stuck in a small hotel gym, and it's only got a medicine ball and a treadmill, how am I going to make sure I get a decent workout from this environment? I love that challenge.''' ,'''Dropping 25 pounds was something I was unsure about. It seemed like a pointless adventure, in a way.''' ,'''You don't need lots of friends; you only need a couple of good ones.''' ,'''I've never forgot my roots and where I came from, and I'd not change a thing about my journey.''' ,'''I always watched '205 Live' on the sidelines. It's more my style: I like the quick and innovative moves. I just thought the brand was going to thrive, and I wanted to be a part of it.''' ,'''Obviously, it's very exciting to be able to wrestle in my hometown.''' ,'''I'll be the first Australian to compete in the WWE.''' ,'''As soon as I put my bags down in the hotel, I'll do a search on my phone to find which local gyms are in my area.''' ,'''I was obviously in NXT for a while and had some success, but then I found myself lurking in the shadows and not really doing much.''' ,'''I started watching wrestling when I was eight, and I only watched the WWE as a kid.''' ,'''I remember, one teacher in Year 11 asked the class what everyone wanted to do when they grow up, and I said, 'I want to be a professional wrestler.' The teacher laughed and said to be serious.''' ,'''Obviously, it was a dream to get signed by WWE, and that, by itself, was huge for me.''' ,'''I'm looking forward to wrestling Tony Nese, defending my title, and cementing my legacy as the greatest cruiserweight of all time.''' ,'''I captured what I said I was going to capture, the Cruiserweight Championship, and I did it in front of my friends and my family.''' ,'''I just looked in to stuff to do to keep me occupied. Alright, I'm gonna start dieting. I'm gonna start working out more. So then I started to lose weight, and then I started to see some results, and I started to drop some weight.''' ,''''205' should be called 'Buddy Murphy Live.' The championship is on my shoulder, and so is the show.''' ,'''Sometimes I stop, take a step back, and realise how good I've got it.''' ,'''It's always been one of those dreams, to make it to the WWE.''' ,]
+++