+++
author = "Normani Kordei"
title = "Normani Kordei Quotes"
quotes_len = "65"
description = "the best 65 Normani Kordei Quotes"
keywords = "normani kordei,normani kordei quotes,normani kordei quote,normani kordei sayings,normani kordei saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think it's all about people loving each other and having compassion, accepting one another and educating themselves.''' ,'''Together, we can put an end to the hate and promote only positivity and love.''' ,'''My mom is my hero, and I wouldn't be the woman I am today without her.''' ,'''Cancer has touched my life and the lives of those I love, and now I'm ready to help all that I can in the fight.''' ,'''Confidence does not come easy, that's for sure.''' ,'''I have so much in me that people don't even know, and I can't wait to offer it to them.''' ,'''I love apple sauce. I have an addiction - I don't know what it is, but I just love the texture of it. It reminds me of baby food. Not that I like to eat baby food.''' ,'''We performed at the VMAs, which is crazy because we grew up watching that show and all of our inspirations and idols were there.''' ,'''It's really important to look at yourself in the mirror and have a conversation. Tell yourself you're beautiful every single day. Even if you're not feeling that great in an outfit, but you like how your hair looks, focus on that.''' ,'''Unfortunately, there is a lot of abuse and negativity online.''' ,'''I shouldn't have to worry any time my father walks outside the front door of our home.''' ,'''Each and every one of us is amazing in our own way. We have five beautiful women who exude talent, and I am blessed and honored to be one of those women. For me, the bottom line is it's all about respect and love, and I have both for Fifth Harmony.''' ,'''I love how full my lips are.''' ,'''I know you can do anything you put your mind to and the exterior doesn't matter.''' ,'''I love how confident she is, plus we also come from the same hometown, Houston, Texas. Her name is Beyonce Knowles. I love her so, so, so much. I love how hard she works.''' ,'''I think that it's just about balance, keeping myself centered, and being happy and healthy.''' ,'''I could never repay my parents for always pushing me and believing in me as much as they did.''' ,'''Being a woman of color, I can truthfully state that I don't feel safe around those who are sworn to honor and uphold the law.''' ,'''The only person holding you back is you.''' ,'''You can't allow someone's hate to dictate your life.''' ,'''People think that celebrities are this untouchable thing, and they forget that we're people with emotions and feelings. They don't realize that it affects us when they comment on pictures on Instagram or Twitter, saying mean things, just as it would affect anybody.''' ,'''What I normally do before going on stage is pray - normally we do a group prayer with the crew or whoever is around, like our security guard, our tour manager and whoever else is back there and wants to pray with us.''' ,'''No one has the right to make where you go or what you do uncomfortable.''' ,'''Fifth Harmony is its own entity.''' ,'''I remember seeing my father shaving my mother's head in the bathroom after her chemo treatments; It was so traumatizing.''' ,'''For me, beauty really does come from within, and that may sound cliche, but it's true.''' ,'''I put my all into performing so people can walk away knowing a bit more about me and feel the passion in my story.''' ,'''Destiny's Child I grew up on hard core. Like, I can't tell you how much I love the three of them so much and what they had to offer.''' ,'''My mom was actually diagnosed with breast cancer when I was five.''' ,'''I used to be really nervous to perform in front of people. I would cry.''' ,'''Dancing is more than just moving body parts; it is a pathway of expressing your deepest inner thoughts.''' ,'''I feel I'm most beautiful when I have less makeup on and I'm at home with people surrounding me that support me, and I know they will never judge me or try to change me.''' ,'''I hate the fact that people can judge based on something that isn't fully given to them. Like, this isn't the full product.''' ,'''It's important to stand up to all forms of bullying, and it's even more important for those who are around you to be just as courageous and stand with you!''' ,'''Any relationship has its strengths and weakness.''' ,'''One thing I look forward to is seeing new places and new people.''' ,'''I was inspired by Solange's album, 'A Seat At The Table,' from the moment that I heard it. She has clearly taken the time to create a unique body of work and emote through her music from a true place.''' ,'''If we always stay true to ourselves, people will always see that.''' ,'''There's always room for growth. I feel like I'll never get to the point where I'm 100 percent happy with where I am with my career.''' ,'''I am so honored to be working with A Place Called Home as their ambassador to bring awareness to the incredible services and programs which benefits kids in the Los Angeles community.''' ,'''I think that a lot of the time, we get in our own heads and make up what other people are thinking, but no one actually cares about the thing you think they care about. You just gotta take that weight off your shoulders and be nice to yourself and be yourself. People will fall in love with who that is.''' ,'''I love Aaliyah, I love Brandy, I love Monica.''' ,'''I grew up dancing, so that was always my first dream. But I also have a passion for acting. I would love to step inside of a character and be somebody that I'm not, because I feel like it just gives me an outlet to express myself without being me.''' ,'''I've been through so much, especially coming from New Orleans where there was Hurricane Katrina in 2005. I had to pick up. We had to move, make new friends, and I think my family was just strong for me as well because we had to start completely over again.''' ,'''Knowing that you're not alone really does make all the difference in the world.''' ,'''It's hard for me to believe that the KKK still exists, especially knowing all my ancestors have been through. I feel like the history and meaning of all we have been through has been trashed.''' ,'''I'm originally from New Orleans, Louisiana, and I just feel like it's something that always been inside of me.''' ,'''Honestly, you cannot go wrong with being yourself.''' ,'''When I dance, I escape the present and become one with my soul.''' ,'''It's all about believing in yourself and knowing your worth and being optimistic and really just loving yourself for who you are.''' ,'''After Fifth Harmony succeeds to the fullest of its capacity, one day we can go off and do our individual things.''' ,'''Ever since I was little, I looked up to Destiny's Child so much; I looked up to the Spice Girls and En Vogue. A piece of me wanted to be in a girl group.''' ,'''The way I see it, my blood, sweat, and tears are not just for me; it's for Fifth Harmony as well. We have been blessed. Most groups have lead singers, but we don't.''' ,'''I love Alicia Keys, Chris Brown, Usher, Mariah Carey... all that stuff.''' ,'''I remember being young in the backseat when my grandma would take me to school, and I would be literally singing and belting out Tina Turner at 3 years old.''' ,'''Society tends to pin women against each other, but we need to treat each other with kindness and compliment one another instead. Because women's voices are the strongest when they're together.''' ,'''When I get on stage, Beyonce is my alter ego. The way that she's Beyonce in real life and then Sasha Fierce on stage, I'm Normani in real life, and then I pretend to be Beyonce on stage. I just love that she's constantly reinventing herself but stays true to who she is as a person - and she wears so many hats in her life.''' ,'''It is a great day anytime I can bring a smile to a girl or boy, knowing that I am helping to inspire them to always dream big.''' ,'''I think there's a contrast between being vulnerable and, you know, 'Girl Power!' I think it's important to have that balance because you don't have to be strong all the time.''' ,'''I started off in dance. That was actually my first passion, which introduced me to music, which people don't really know.''' ,'''I kind of have to take pieces of myself to fit what it is that radio wants.''' ,'''For me it's hard, especially being a young African-American woman. My dad doesn't look like what you might call the 'safe' African-American male that America would accept, if you know what I mean.''' ,'''I was that kid that did dance, singing, pageants. I did everything pretty much across the board, so it was kind of an adjustment solely doing music.''' ,'''It's impossible for five people to have the exact same ambitions all around.''' ,'''I really love scary movies, so I'm all about Halloween.''' ,]
+++