+++
author = "Mike Cernovich"
title = "Mike Cernovich Quotes"
quotes_len = "89"
description = "the best 89 Mike Cernovich Quotes"
keywords = "mike cernovich,mike cernovich quotes,mike cernovich quote,mike cernovich sayings,mike cernovich saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I use trolling tactics to build my brand.''' ,'''You can't disbar unethical journalists.''' ,'''We live in an age of micro aggressions where people are deemed racist or sexist of phobic for making one wrong tweet.''' ,'''I say never trust a man who combs his hair so as to cover his shiny dome and then flaunts a wife young enough to be his daughter. Oh, Trump has issues all right.''' ,'''I look forward to breaking huge stories on InfoWars.''' ,'''I'm doing real journalism.''' ,'''The only difference between me and my critics is that I don't lie to the world about who I am. People are complicated and often seemingly hypocritical. Embrace the diversity of your mind.''' ,'''I troll, I'm trolled.''' ,'''I certainly don't support billionaires bankrupting media organizations. Even if you don't like the people involved, that sets a dangerous precedent.''' ,'''I care about national sovereignty of America.''' ,'''Not everybody is a party boy or was a party boy like I was.''' ,'''I'm a nationalist and populist.''' ,'''I'm sufficiently complex that there's no one truth about me.''' ,'''My identity is based around being a writer. I can't not write. It's a compulsion.''' ,'''I want to do journalism on journalists. I want to do the stories on stories that aren't being told.''' ,'''Everything I do is alchemy. That's why I believe in magic. Not black magic, not the satanic magic that they practice in Hollywood and that the deep state practices and that the media practice. I believe in good magic, light magic, alchametic magic.''' ,'''I want people to know we throw real parties. We don't need more boring libertarian or conservative conferences.''' ,'''I didn't have the same biases on Trump that others had. I read his books and saw a man who had a strong mindset, a track record of succeeding, and who would make strong and sometimes offensive comments as a way to get media attention.''' ,'''I know how to sell books.''' ,'''With social media, I can say to the people, 'Here's me live on video for an hour. The full thing, raw and uncut.' So it bring the message directly to the people. It bypasses intermediaries in the media.''' ,'''Am I a ranting maniac on Twitter? Yeah, but I'm also a pretty mellow, married guy who's into hiking and walking his dog.''' ,'''Antifa are the left-wing version of Nazis. They are very violent; they are terrible people. They cause a ruckus and property damage.''' ,'''Backing Trump has been bad for business.''' ,'''There's no unifying brand about me other than I'm a writer who shares my thoughts. Sometimes my thoughts are designed to help people, and other times, my thoughts are designed to change the political system and challenge those who need a good fight.''' ,'''The media needs to do some soul searching on itself and ask why they continue to spread provably false stories, and stop projecting their own dishonesty onto others.''' ,'''Trump... has the 'strong father' masculine energy.''' ,'''People who hate me call me a Twitter troll, which is laughable given my extensive body of work, which you can find on Amazon in the form of books like 'Gorilla Mindset' and my documentary on free speech, 'Silenced.'''' ,'''Logic is pointless.''' ,'''I want people to think of me as a 'Mindset' guy, a journalist, a commentator, a social media personality, a filmmaker, an author, but I got to - I have to pivot so far away from anything pro-Trump, I just got to keep going that way.''' ,'''If a girl you're on a date with expresses ideals similar to those expressed by social justice bullies, end the date.''' ,'''There's no books out there articulating what the alt-right is. If they're such great philosophers, and they have such good ideas, and they're on the vanguard of intellectualism, where are their books? They don't have any.''' ,'''A lot of people are afraid to lie to me.''' ,'''The only tweets I feel bad about are the fat-chick ones.''' ,'''My view of the alt-right was that it was a big tent.''' ,'''Why is the Right so afraid of being called racist? Why do they attack their allies on the Right, even calling us racist?''' ,'''I'm not sensitive about my lisp, but a lot of people are, and it's not the type of trait people should mock.''' ,'''If I could push a button and get rid of all these dumb people flying Nazi flags and have them never show up - They are a big problem for the Right.''' ,'''I view myself as having an adversarial approach to the media.''' ,'''Let's be completely honest: the Trump campaign's social media was a joke.''' ,'''I believe in strong borders, including keeping out Islamic terrorists. If people think that's inherently racist, fine - but I'm an American nationalist, not a white nationalist.''' ,'''I release my scoops strategically.''' ,'''I consider myself a writer, foremost - a nonfiction writer.''' ,'''I'm not alt-right.''' ,'''The two pillars of feminism are narcissism and entitlement.''' ,'''I don't take anything Hillary Clinton is going to say at all as true. I'm not going to take her on her word.''' ,'''Gawker started out speaking the truth to power, and then it became about bullying anyone who didn't conform to their social justice orthodoxy. They wanted to inflict pain on people with no platform simply for the sake of inflicting pain.''' ,'''Netflix is a pro-SJW business, so it pains me to give them $8 a month.''' ,'''The new right-wing movement is a wide group of people committed to free speech, anti-war, trade. It's sympathetic to whistleblowers.''' ,'''We're not alt-right, and we're not old-school, National-Review-boring Right - we're aggressive. We're in a meme world - we're in a world where you have to be catchy, punchy.''' ,'''Nobody tells you how to be famous.''' ,'''Most super PACs are a money-laundering operation that exists solely to enrich the members or its founders.''' ,'''Trump must've been an extraordinary father to have raised well-adjusted kids.''' ,'''I enjoy just the raw human visceral reaction of jumping into the arena and just swinging the hammer and seeing what is left over afterwards. Twitter is just modern-day gladiatorial combat.''' ,'''Civil rights cases are hard to win.''' ,'''Can I take on the Republican Party machine? Get real. No. Zero percent.''' ,'''Check your testosterone levels. Every study on evolutionary psychology has correlated testosterone levels with dominance.''' ,'''I pivoted from a pro-Trump guy to more of a journalistic guy, and I'm going to keep making that pivot. So whenever people think of me as, like, a pro-Trump guy, I don't want people to think of me as a pro-Trump guy anymore.''' ,'''I wouldn't say all journalism is activism, but I would say most journalism is activism.''' ,'''I definitely deserve to be trolled.''' ,'''It takes a great deal of courage to give me a public shout out, that's for sure.''' ,'''The blockchain is a distributed network that solves all the problems that we have of finance, but more broadly, it's like a philosophy. It's a way of life.''' ,'''Anything with Soros, I lay low. People kind of just roll their eyes when you bring him up.''' ,'''Alchametic magic is 'How do I create something out of nothing purely through manifesting my will through power and light, which is value.' That's white magic. That's alchametic magic.''' ,'''The reason that I'm so fast at what I do is - I'm not saying that I'm getting stories that nobody else has - the difference is that if a tip goes out to five people, and I know that it's a reliable source, I just tweet it out. If you're at a respectable news organization, that would be considered irresponsible.''' ,'''I never disavow things I've said.''' ,'''We're moving from a centralized understanding of the world to a decentralized understanding of the world.''' ,'''When you get things wrong in life, it is important to talk about them.''' ,'''Women want to be tamed.''' ,'''There's tremendous SEO value in Gawker.''' ,'''I knew my reporting would be validated eventually.''' ,'''When you're telling the truth and ahead of the mainstream media - like The Daily Caller, Breitbart, Cernovich, and other truth-tellers - then they're going to think you're wrong, because they can't see what you see.''' ,'''Democracy doesn't mean I always get my way. It doesn't mean we always get what we want.''' ,'''In the jungle, size is king. Women like big men. That's just evolution.''' ,'''Until the Right wins for once, I have no interest in arguing with the alt-right or disavowing anyone.''' ,'''People want a little excitement. I tell the truth, but I do it theatrically.''' ,'''People bring up tweets that I don't even remember, and my general response is, 'I don't know if I said it. I probably said it.' It's just part of what I do.''' ,'''None of us are good or evil, and that frustrates us because we want to see others as wearing a white hat or black hat. My hat is grey.''' ,'''With the SEO value of Gawker, I could sell anything, including 'Gorilla Mindset' books. I would self-monetize. The way Alex Jones does it.''' ,'''My first marriage was ruined by feminist indoctrination.''' ,'''If you're in the fake news, I'm reading your emails.''' ,'''Although I'm great at political commentary and journalism, it's not my passion. 'Gorilla Mindset' is.''' ,'''Trump has hired people who have sabotaged him.''' ,'''I don't want anyone to think of me as a pro-Trump guy. I'm going to specifically reject any kind of branding about pro-Trump or whatever.''' ,'''The Harvey Weinstein case showed us that Hollywood is rotten to the core.''' ,'''The alt right is a disinfo group designed to discredit Trump and to frustrate his agenda, which is why David Duke and all those guys go around saying they're pro Trump.''' ,'''The alt-right has become about white identity politics. Obviously I'm not a white-identitarian, so the alt-right can do their thing.''' ,'''I talk to everyone - Uber drivers, bartenders. On Twitter, people see me as some mean guy, but in real life, I am out there asking questions.''' ,'''Nobody in media and journalism knows more about 'deep state' than I do.''' ,'''I think it's great when people accuse me, almost always falsely, of promoting conspiracy theories, because that shows how effective I am at messaging and how effectively I can use social media.''' ,]
+++