+++
author = "Chiang Kai-Shek"
title = "Chiang Kai-Shek Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Chiang Kai-Shek Quotes"
keywords = "chiang kai-shek,chiang kai-shek quotes,chiang kai-shek quote,chiang kai-shek sayings,chiang kai-shek saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Externally China desires independence, internally she seeks to maintain her existence as a nation; China therefore strives to loose the bonds that bind her people, and to complete the establishment of a new State.''' ,'''China, with her five thousand years of history, her vast territory and her enormous population stands like a mountain peak among the nations of the world. Her contribution to the civilization of mankind is imperishable. She has been a keen lover of peace; she has had a deep respect for international justice.''' ,'''I should like very much to go to America. I have heard so much of the great industrial and economic development of that great land, and I wish to see things for myself.''' ,'''We must teach our people the greatness of China's historical culture. In our educational program we must stress Chinese history and geography so that all may know and appreciate China's civilization of five thousand years and the far-flung boundaries of our ancient race. This will engender a greater faith in our own future.''' ,'''For a period of 17 years - from the age of 9 until I was 25 years old - my mother never spent a day free from domestic difficulties.''' ,'''You must all be aware that modern war is not a mere matter of military operations. It involves the whole strength and all the resources of the nation. Not only soldiers, but also all citizens without exception, take part.''' ,'''My good health is due to a soup made of white doves. It is simply wonderful as a tonic.''' ,'''Dr. Sun Yat-sen, Father of the Republic, made it his great aim in his revolutionary leadership to secure freedom and equality of status for China among the nations of the world.''' ,'''Patriotism demands of us sustained sacrifice.''' ,'''Contempt for China on the part of the enemy is his weak point. Knowledge of this weak point is our strong point.''' ,'''I have often said China is not lacking in material resources. The question is whether we can make full and good use of them.''' ,'''Our late Leader, Dr. Sun Yat-sen, with his universal sympathy for all oppressed and his profound understanding of Jesus' revolutionary spirit of love and sacrifice, carried on his revolutionary work for forty years and brought about at last the liberation of the Chinese people.''' ,'''My long struggles as a soldier of the Chinese Revolution have forced me to realize the necessity of facing hard facts. There will be neither peace, nor hope, nor future for any of us unless we honestly aim at political, social and economic justice for all peoples of the world, great and small.''' ,'''My impressions of the Russian Revolution can be divided into two periods. The first period was when I showed deep sympathy. My second period is one of disappointment. This change was the result of close observation on the spot.''' ,'''We become what we do.''' ,'''China has no desire to replace Western imperialism in Asia with an Oriental imperialism or isolationism of its own or anyone else.''' ,'''As a boy, the very words 'Liberty Bell' and 'Independence Hall' fired my imagination and made a profound and lasting impression on my mind. Throughout my struggle to secure national freedom for China, I have continuously dreamed of the day when she would assume the full stature of an independent, democratic nation.''' ,'''Only a fighting nation can make itself responsible for world peace, and such a nation must organize its material resources and manpower with the highest possible degree of efficiency.''' ,'''Landowners and influential men of all kinds, especially members of political councils, ought to set an example to the people. The young members of rich families should offer themselves for military service. If not one of two sons, at least one of three sons should be ready to do so.''' ,'''There are three essential factors in all human activity: spirit, materials, and action.''' ,'''China not only fights for her own independence, but also for the liberation of every oppressed nation. For us, the Atlantic Charter and President Roosevelt's proclamation of the Four Freedoms for all peoples are corner-stones of our fighting faith.''' ,'''I have implicit faith in Sun Yat-sen, not because I am his blind follower, but because he really arouses the deepest respect in everybody. I do not know of another person in China who has such a broad and international outlook, whose ideas are so constructive, and who has such deep faith and confidence in his own mission.''' ,'''Because of my intense hopes for the youth of China, I feel very keenly my responsibility for their future success or failure. The fate of China lies in their hands. The responsibility for organizing and training them to become worthy citizens of China, able to undertake the tasks of Resistance and Reconstruction, is mine; I cannot evade it.''' ,'''The aim of the Revolution is, so far as the interests of China herself are concerned, the restoration of her original frontiers and, in regard to the rest of the world, a gradual advance of all nations from the stage of equality to that of an ideal unity.''' ,'''The idea of universal brotherhood is innate in the catholic nature of Chinese thought; it was the dominant concept of Dr. Sun Yat-sen, whom events have proved time and again to be not a visionary but one of the world's greatest realists.''' ,'''In ancient China, self-government was highly developed both in community life and in personal life. The custom of mutual protection and assistance was widespread. The organization and regulations of local self-government were clearly defined and strictly applied. Individual self-control was even more strongly emphasized.''' ,'''War is not only a matter of equipment, artillery, group troops or air force; it is largely a matter of spirit, or morale.''' ,'''What we have seen of recent American action in the Pacific, the bombing of Tokyo and the engagements in the Coral Sea, off Midway Island and at Dutch Harbour, has been sufficient indication that America is beginning to discharge her supremely important duty in the Pacific.''' ,'''Prayer is more than meditation. In meditation the source of strength is one's self. When one prays he goes to a source of strength greater than his own.''' ,'''For many centuries Chinese society has been free of class distinctions such as are found even in advanced democracies.''' ,'''Democracy is liberty - a liberty which does not infringe on the liberty nor encroach on the rights of others; a liberty which maintains strict discipline, and makes law its guarantee and the basis of its exercise. This alone is true liberty; this alone can produce true democracy.''' ,'''The rise or fall of Shanghai means the birth or death of the whole nation.''' ,'''We Chinese are instinctively democratic, and Dr. Sun's objective of universal suffrage evokes from all Chinese a ready and unhesitating response.''' ,'''Japan cannot conquer China with America in her rear, Soviet Russia on her right and England on her left - her most powerful enemies in the South Sea all flanking her. It is this international situation that constitutes one of Japan's great weaknesses.''' ,'''If we are to give the people of China complete self-government we must first solve the problem of livelihood for all, and give real freedom to the races within China. If the foundations of democracy are secure, then true equality can be achieved.''' ,'''My father died when I was 9 years old. The miserable condition of my family at that time is beyond description. My family, solitary and without influence, became at once the target of much insult and abuse.''' ,'''The modern world is one wherein every nation has to develop the strength of which its citizens are capable. The independent status of the individual, his thoughts and actions become a thing of the past.''' ,'''I have always told my subordinates that when they commit any mistakes, the blame must be laid on the superior officers.''' ,'''China is the largest and most ancient of Asiatic countries, but it is not for us boastfully to talk of her right to a position of 'leadership' among those countries.''' ,'''If imperialism is not banished from the country, China will perish as a nation. If China does not perish, then imperialism cannot remain.''' ,'''Modern warfare is by no means merely a matter of military operations. Economic affairs stand together with them in the first rank of the factors of importance.''' ,'''The final outcome of a war is often determined by the degree of initiative shown on each side.''' ,'''Government acquisition of food supplies in time of war is no less important than conscription. Equity is the fundamental principle applicable to both these essential phases of war administration.''' ,'''In the early days of the Russian Revolution in 1917, I was completely in sympathy with it. I felt that it established a new era in the history of the modern world. I was so overwhelmed by it that, if people made any unfriendly comment, I would vigorously defend it. If people condemned the Communist party, I would speak in its defense.''' ,]
+++