+++
author = "Phillip Phillips"
title = "Phillip Phillips Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Phillip Phillips Quotes"
keywords = "phillip phillips,phillip phillips quotes,phillip phillips quote,phillip phillips sayings,phillip phillips saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I get scared as crap to perform but I push myself to do it. I don't know what I would be doing without it.''' ,'''I've written with people who aren't like me, then I've written with people who totally get it. It's like a blind date, and you never know what's going to happen. But it's really cool because they learn from you, and you learn a little bit from them. And sometimes it works out, and sometimes it doesn't.''' ,'''Some songs are just going to be acoustic with just maybe some light background stuff going on and maybe violin or something like that. Or sax - I mean, I'm definitely having some sax. That's just what I love. It's going to be jazz-rock stuff. That's what I'm aiming for.''' ,'''A couple days ago, I saw a lot of people tweeting, 'Oh, it's so cool 'Home' is being used in the Olympics!' We don't really get to watch much TV, man, with the concerts every night, but I wish I could have seen it. I really just found out through Twitter and my management texting me. I thought it was really awesome.''' ,'''I never thought I'd be traveling the world supporting my music. Everybody seems to really enjoy the music because it comes from me, and I'm proud of it.''' ,'''My sister has a non-profit organization called Mission Change. It helps the homeless and kids.''' ,'''It's different every time you write. Sometimes it might be harder than it was the day before. I don't like forcing it, but sometimes, if you force it a little bit, it helps you to push forward, and you get inspired in a way. I've written songs in an hour. And there are songs that have taken me six months.''' ,'''I hate performing on live television. It's so scary, because, if you screw up, you don't really get any retakes. So when I do television shows now, having been on 'Idol' really helps me mentally to just kind of take it all in. So I learned a lot from it.''' ,'''I love chicken and anything to do with chicken. I love anything that's homemade. Oh, and BBQ. And I love green beans. There is so much good food. I can go on and on and on.''' ,'''When people write things on the Internet about me that aren't true, it's tough to deal with. Even if you're the most mellow person in the world, stuff like that bothers you eventually.''' ,'''In my opinion, it seems like music is taking a bit of a turn. Look at Mumford and Sons, and the Lumineers. It seems like people and music fans are enjoying the more artistic side of music, and that popular music is taking a turn and accepting that, so I appreciate that.''' ,'''I'd rather sell 10,000 records that represent me than 2 million that don't represent me at all.''' ,'''I'm into zombie movies like 'World War Z' and the shows 'Breaking Bad' and 'The Walking Dead.'''' ,'''Live shows are really big for me. I want to do as many of those as I can.''' ,'''I have two belly buttons.''' ,''''Idol' was a great experience. It was a great stepping-stone. I got to meet a lot of amazing people through that and learn a lot of great things. But afterward - that's what I tell a lot of people - it's up to you to represent it as an artist.''' ,'''Cooking, to me, it's kind of therapeutic. It's completely different from music as well. I'm not amazing at it, but I can cook myself a good meal. And I'm not just saying this, but anytime I'm on the bus or at home, I'm watching Food Network or cooking on TV just 'cause it's interesting to me.''' ,'''I have no idea why I won, man. I guess some people liked the music that I was doing. I'm just lucky. I was just doing my thing each week.''' ,'''Not many artists or bands go platinum every year, from what people have told me, so it's an honor to have so many fans. A million people, that's a lot of people! Taylor Swift, Justin Bieber, and Justin Timberlake sell a few million, and so hopefully I'll make my way up to that.''' ,'''I'm not some cute guy who is trying to be successful off that. I really want the music to come first.''' ,'''I didn't even want to sing, honestly. I started thinking about how long the journey was, how far all of us had come - me and Jessica Sanchez, Hollie Cavanagh and Josh Ledet and everybody. It's insane, man. It's not as easy as you think.''' ,'''I'm a guitar player first. So my first hero was Angus Young from AC/DC. I used to copy every move that he did, play every lick that he would. I knew I wanted to be some kind of a rocker, back in the day.''' ,'''I'm not big on dark chocolate, but I do have a sweet tooth, so it gets me in trouble. I love warm chocolate chip cookies with ice cream. Then there's this chocolate pie my mom makes for me every year for my birthday. She's been making it since I was younger, and there's nothing like it. It's really so, so good!''' ,'''It started last year, during the summer. I went to the doctor and they found out it was kidney stones, so they had surgery done to help get those out and to pass them... More just kept coming in. So I had all together before the last show... I had like five surgeries.''' ,'''I'm from South Georgia, so my mom, she always cooked some dang good food when I was growing up.''' ,'''I'm nervous, but once I get a guitar on and start a song, after the first few seconds, I can feel it ease. I don't have to worry about anything other than the music.''' ,'''I know what my sound is. I'm just trying to get it out there how I can explain it. I'm not trying to write or put out some music that doesn't represent me.''' ,''''American Idol' was just really a platform. What you do after that is what separates you from the show. And I've been working really hard, touring constantly, and building those fans. You've got to work hard.''' ,'''I am very grateful for the opportunities provided to me through appearing on 'American Idol.' The value that the fans and the show have given to my career is not lost on me. However, I have not felt that I have been free to conduct my career in a way that I am comfortable with.''' ,'''I'm always writing. It might be a bad song, but I'm always writing.''' ,'''I get scared to death every time I have to play. I always get nervous because you never know what to expect. The crowd could be awful, or it could be amazing. You just never know what you're going to get until you get out there and do it. I just do my best and have fun.''' ,'''I've just been recording mostly acoustic stuff, drums, and sax, and electric guitar. I'm just still writing songs and what not.''' ,]
+++