+++
author = "Judy Reyes"
title = "Judy Reyes Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Judy Reyes Quotes"
keywords = "judy reyes,judy reyes quotes,judy reyes quote,judy reyes sayings,judy reyes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As Latinas, we tend to be overly partial considering stereotypes. I'm interested in being naughty and edgy.''' ,'''My mother was a very hard-working maid, and their stories are worth telling.''' ,'''Something as unique as 'Scrubs' is a tough act to follow. It's hard to find something that good that you want to really make a commitment to.''' ,'''I've never loved spending time on the machines at the gym. But I have discovered an exercise regimen I can dedicate myself to: yoga. It's changed my body.''' ,'''Like everyone, there are times when I just don't feel like exercising. When that happens, I'm a bit more careful with my diet. But on days I really want a treat, like chocolate, I work out a little harder. I don't believe in beating myself up for not being 'good.'''' ,'''As I feel this life growing and moving inside of me, all of a sudden everything else is not as important. There's a level of perspective that is changing.''' ,'''For years I exercised to be thinner, and I never got the results I wanted. When I finally started working out to be healthier, I saw a transformation. I've even quit weighing myself so I don't obsess over the numbers.''' ,'''Television has been very good to me. I grew up on it, and it had quite an impact on me. I'm entertaining opportunities that are coming my way.''' ,]
+++