+++
author = "Vitali Klitschko"
title = "Vitali Klitschko Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Vitali Klitschko Quotes"
keywords = "vitali klitschko,vitali klitschko quotes,vitali klitschko quote,vitali klitschko sayings,vitali klitschko saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I understand that people believe that they are impotent and can do very little.''' ,'''My little brother and I, we're just in our generation. We're doing the best job we can do. There were champions like Mike Tyson who fought everybody, and not everybody was just as good.''' ,'''Sports has given me the opportunity to travel around the world and see new countries and meet so many different people. I've gained new perspectives.''' ,'''I have experience of boxing. I know what it is like to be hit. Half my life is boxing. I start fighting when I am 16.''' ,'''My brother Wladimir will be responsible for further sporting successes.''' ,'''I want to thank the WBC and its president, Don Jose Sulaiman, for the support in our fight for democracy and freedom in Ukraine.''' ,'''I will be the personal bodyguard for every investment in my city. If Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Hungary can transform, then so can Ukraine.''' ,'''The money is important in life, but the money is not everything. I don't want to sell myself for money. I don't want to sell my reputation for money.''' ,'''I spent a lot of time in Europe. I spent a lot of time in United States, I know what is modern standards of life... and always, if I return to my home country, I ask my country why very simple things that works everywhere else in the world doesn't work in Ukraine.''' ,'''Boxing life is very interesting life; it opened many doors for me around the world, but now I am ready to invest my energy and my experience and my power for the future.''' ,'''Everybody wants to see Ukraine - one of the largest countries in Europe - stable with a stable economic situation, because instability in Ukraine can bring instability in the whole region.''' ,'''Sport has made me realise that you have to be stubborn and to persevere to get the results. It might take longer in politics, but once you have the right goal and desire, you will reach it.''' ,'''I feel like I am the strongest man in the world.''' ,'''The Soviet system is how everything here works. It's very difficult to break the system. The system is big and inflexible, uneffective, and also corrupt. And that is our main goal: to change the system, to break the system, to make it modern.''' ,'''In sport, you only see the fighter, but it's teamwork. Without a good team, you will never be the best. In boxing, you have to work with the best coach, the best lawyer, the best manager, the best doctor. Exactly the same principle applies in politics.''' ,'''The one who punches doesn't win. The one who dodges punches wins.''' ,'''Danny Williams broke my dream. Iron Mike, for me, was the dream. For many years, I would see Tyson and say, 'Mike, I want to fight you.' He was on his way back, and we were making conversation about a fight between me and him. So I was very surprised and disappointed when he lost.''' ,'''Right now, my full concentration is on politics in Ukraine, and I feel that the people need me there.''' ,'''I am very proud to have the strongest brother in the world. We helped each other. I want to say thank you very much, brother, for everything what you did for me and your support. Younger brother, I'm more than sure you will also be here.''' ,'''A lot of people want to see a last fight, but I am now engaged in a different fight - one that is much harder, much more vicious, and much more important to me. I am fighting for democracy and fighting for Ukraine.''' ,'''My whole life, I was told that the U.S. was a horrible country.''' ,'''I think that Wladimir is more talented than I, and he has tremendous punching power. He's younger. He's the one. He's better than me.''' ,'''I am thankful for this title of champion emeritus and proud I never lost my title.''' ,'''It's an exciting time in the world - democracy, in all its different shapes, is rolling around to new countries all the time. To have a chance to shape the democracy in my home country is an honor.''' ,'''I feel great. I feel like I'm in my 20s. I did have a lot of injuries, yes, but I feel great now. I think the path that I had did good things to my body and also my mind. I came back very motivated.''' ,'''I am happy to defend my title. It was a good performance from Chisora. I don't want to make excuses - it was not easy - but I saw every punch from Chisora. I am upset because I wanted to finish the fight before 12 rounds.''' ,'''In order to land a punch, you need to bring your fingers together into a fist. We need to join all of our forces together. That is the only way that we can win.''' ,'''Politicians remain in power although they violate the rules.''' ,'''Many people want to be the president - many people. But it's not enough. If some candidate doesn't have support of people, it's no more than a wish.''' ,'''We are trying to make politics more open. It became a Ukrainian tradition to make decisions behind closed doors.''' ,'''I didn't expect one day I become world champion in the United States. I'm very proud to be together with boxing legends. It's a dream to be in with Muhammad Ali.''' ,'''Politics is a dirty game. We have our rules in boxing. In politics, no rules. Especially a young democracy like Ukraine. It's more like MMA.''' ,'''The biggest challenges are fixing the problems, to put all the puzzles together.''' ,'''Ukrainian politics is like a fight with no rules. They are trying everything to take me out of the presidential election. I am the biggest danger for the people in power right now.''' ,'''In sports, you get disqualified if you violate the rules, but in Ukrainian politics, no standards are at work.''' ,'''The people are not defending political interests. They are defending the idea of living in a civilized country.''' ,'''I remember the day Ukraine became independent. I was 20; now I am over 40. It was like one second - time goes so fast. If we wait, the next 20 years will go by. We have a choice to wait or to fight for the better future of our country. I know better than anyone: no fight, no win.''' ,'''I have respect for Chisora as a fighter but not as a human. He set a bad example for boxing and all fighters. He came from Great Britain, but he is not a gentleman.''' ,'''It was and is a great honor to hold the WBC title, and I've always done it with pride.''' ,'''I remember the Soviet Union and when the Iron Curtain fell down in 1991. I was just 20 years old, and everybody had a dream to live in a modern democratic society, in a modern country. More than 15 years passed, and nothing changed. There's a saying I like very much: if you want a thing done well, do it by yourself.''' ,'''I know there is trouble in boxing. People say it is no longer good. But I cannot take responsibility. I am not a missionary for boxing.''' ,'''Corruption is Ukraine's main enemy; we must destroy it. It's really painful to hear that Ukraine is the most corrupt country in Europe.''' ,'''I understand that I'm not 20 anymore, but I feel great, like in my 20s. I don't know what it is, but in our generation, people last longer.''' ,'''I tell you very openly: it's much easier to be the heavyweight champion of the world than to be the mayor of Kiev.''' ,'''It's just not normal when one after another opposition politician ends up in jail.''' ,'''We want the police to be young, educated, and have a completely different outlook.''' ,'''I'm a big expert in boxing, but in politics I'm a beginner, so I try to use other people's experience. I read books; I'm not afraid to ask for advice.''' ,'''Lennox Lewis after the fight promised to give me rematch, and I very appreciate I have a chance to fight the great champion, great fighter that's Lennox Lewis.''' ,'''In boxing and politics, you cannot predict results. You should be ready to go 12 rounds. But if you win in the first round, you should be ready to be the winner quickly.''' ,'''My brother is much stronger, faster, and when he becomes heavyweight champion again, I will be in his corner. One Klitschko may be gone now, but not the Klitschko name.''' ,]
+++