+++
author = "Armaan Malik"
title = "Armaan Malik Quotes"
quotes_len = "95"
description = "the best 95 Armaan Malik Quotes"
keywords = "armaan malik,armaan malik quotes,armaan malik quote,armaan malik sayings,armaan malik saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's always a pressure on performing the best.''' ,'''Music has always been a large part of my life, and I'm very fortunate to be able to start a career doing something I love.''' ,'''I want to lead the pack in the process of making Indian singers bigger than actors internationally.''' ,'''Outside India, Chris Brown, Bruno Mars, Beyonce, and Rihanna are my favourites. I also like Justin Bieber. I like Western jazz and pop. Been a classical singer, I have sung a song 'Auliya,' a fusion of Western and Indian classical.''' ,'''I think recreations are a good thing if done right because it can be very dangerous also. If you do something which goes wrong, then people probably won't like it because they are attached to that old version of the song... So, recreations can be a little tricky.''' ,'''I think pressure exists in a situation only when you are unsure of your talent and people are expecting a lot from you due to your lineage.''' ,'''What matters is that you do great work, and you will definitely be remembered for that for years to come.''' ,'''Around eight or nine years back, I participated in 'Sa Re Ga Ma Pa.' The point of coming on the show was that a person coming from music family can also compete with people from all over India.''' ,'''Whenever I go out, I have to have a jacket on. I prefer casual ones for a party and semi-formal ones for events.''' ,'''I am a very romantic person, and I love 'love' - however cheesy that sounds!''' ,'''We love food. After our studio session, we devour dal makhani, butter chicken, and butter naan.''' ,'''Music is a very integral part of my life because I was born into a musical family, and it's not just a passion... it's everything for me.''' ,''''Foolishq' from 'Ki & Ka' gave me a chance to work with renowned composer Ilaiyaraaja and Shreya Ghoshal.''' ,'''Catchy lyrics are being given more importance.''' ,'''It feels surreal to know that people out there know me, know my songs, and give me so much love.''' ,'''In this filmy world, you will have success today but may not have it tomorrow. But if you are prepared to face the challenge it throws, that's when you should venture in this industry. I was ready for this and had all sorts of support from my parents.''' ,'''I am focusing more on overseas gigs, as my international fans do not get a chance to be a part of my live concerts, as they visit India once in a blue moon.''' ,'''I got my first break in 'Bhootnath,' solely on my credit, and went on to sing for around 20 films for all the leading music composers.''' ,'''Singers are definitely getting their due in Bollywood. I feel that music composers, on the other hand, tend to lose out on the popularity, fame, and success that singers usually enjoy.''' ,'''At the end of the day, a playback singer has to depend on live shows as their source of income.''' ,'''I've never believed in competition. Everyone's here to do their own thing and become successful in that respect.''' ,'''I love Casio G-Shocks. My dream is to have watches in all colours. I also love gold watches. I'd like to have a diamond-studded gold watch some day.''' ,'''My dream is to go big someday internationally.''' ,'''I want to be in a more natural state while doing acting.''' ,'''I am undoubtedly a 100 percent Bollywood product, but my heart truly lies in making music for the world and taking India global.''' ,'''All the appreciation I have been receiving has been very encouraging. It pushes me to do better.''' ,'''If you look at Arijit Singh, Divya Kumar, and Benny Dayal, they aren't competing with each other. They have their individual standing and distinct space of work. I want to create that kind of niche for myself.''' ,'''I love dabbling in various genres and languages.''' ,'''I would love to do a complete EDM album.''' ,'''When 'Main Rahoon' released, it became a hit with the youth.''' ,'''Amaal is a music composer, and I am singer, so I think we compliment each other rather than competing with each other.''' ,'''There are many people who are behind whatever I've achieved so far. My dad, Daboo Malik, is my mentor and guiding light who supported and influenced me. Without him, I wouldn't have been able to be what I am today. Besides him, Salman Khan is yet another important person who is my biggest and constant inspiration.''' ,'''Even I would be unhappy if the final track did not sound good to me, which is why I stay in the loop with the music team till the song is ready.''' ,''''Sorry' just fit the bill for the crossover that both Lost Stories and I were attempting to do musically.''' ,'''It is very important to highlight the young talent of India.''' ,'''I like 'love' songs, however cheesy that might sound.''' ,'''For the outside world, it may seem easy to enter into the industry if you belong to a film family, but, trust me, it's even harder, as you have to not only prove your talent but also carve your own niche and identity.''' ,'''Personally, I love music, as it's my first love, and if I ever act, it has to be something close to music. That's when I will feel great about doing it.''' ,''''Tum Jo Mile' came as a surprise. Vivek and Kumaar sir, who has written the song, sent me the track just to listen. I was in London at the time for my world tour. I heard the song, and I fell in love with it instantly.''' ,'''English and world music were something that I had immense love for, and to get together with a fellow Indian and bring this sound and vibe to the world feels great.''' ,'''People don't think music to be a reliable source of income or career, which I will agree, in a way, because Bollywood is a very risky place to be in.''' ,'''In my case, of course, people had a lot of expectations, but that didn't pressurise me because I'm pretty confident about my musicality and my talent.''' ,'''I like Badshah's songs, as they are very cool, catchy, and very young. I think that's very important... It's connecting with the youth.''' ,'''I don't see Arijit Singh as a competition at all. That's because we both have a very different style of singing. In fact, I really appreciate what he's been able to bring to the playback singing industry.''' ,'''Tollywood has a special place in my heart because Telugu is my mother tongue, and when I sing in the language, my mom feels really happy.''' ,'''Amaal and I have some sort of magnetic connection. I am my brother's first assistant. So I have sung the scratch versions of all his songs. We make music at home, jam every day.''' ,'''When you have your own identity as a singer, you don't have competition.''' ,'''Since music is so important to me, I don't need to put in any extra effort to do this; it just flows for me. It's as simple as drinking water and having food, so definitely, music is one of the main purposes of my life.''' ,'''I like Honey Singh. I love the music that he does.''' ,'''The simple rule I will follow to sustain in the industry would be to adapt to these ongoing changes and be a versatile artiste.''' ,'''When you are presenting yourself, confidence is very important.''' ,'''As an artist, I am for non-film music as well. I want that to shine as much as Bollywood.''' ,'''It's better if a singer disconnects from the original and brings something new to the version.''' ,'''I always wanted to sing English songs, ever since I was, like, 10 or 12 years old.''' ,'''My mother is a Telugu, so I have been familiar with the language since childhood.''' ,'''There is no physical activity. All entertainment is happening in phone. Films can also be seen in laptop, so no one is visiting cinema halls.''' ,'''It will be amazing to collaborate with my dad. It will be special.''' ,'''I am a huge romantic at heart.''' ,'''I think that live shows are more important for singers than composers, because composers still get a lot of recognition as compared to a singer.''' ,'''Technology is growing in all possible ways. It is affecting our lifestyle also.''' ,'''The stalkers can get a little scary at times, but I guess all these things are a part of being famous.''' ,'''I won my first singing award with 'Auliya.'''' ,'''It's a dream come true as I await the release of my debut single 'Krazy Konnection' with Salim Merchant and then my debut album!''' ,'''In our country, singers are known as the voice of actors.''' ,'''I can sing in various genres, but my heart truly lies in singing romantic songs. This has been my forte ever since I was 8 or 9.''' ,'''As a child singer, I never sang a single track for my father or uncle.''' ,'''Though I'm getting a lot of acting offers, I'd like to enter only when I'm ready. My first love will always be music.''' ,'''If I do something related to English music, it will be definitely in the direction of R&B and pop.''' ,'''As a performer, I groove to my own songs.''' ,'''There was absolutely no pressure from the family. It was my choice to pursue a career in music. I always wanted to do music, which has been close to heart. In fact, I was dead sure about it.''' ,'''I have myself been on the other side of the table being a participant of a singing talent hunt. Hence, it is weird but awesome at the same time to judge a pool of talent that our nation has.''' ,'''Guys are known to be lazy shoppers, but for me, it is extremely important to look good. I am very finicky because I hate repeating clothes.''' ,'''When it comes to advice, I always consult my father regarding everything, as he has seen the industry inside out, and he is the best person to guide me.''' ,'''I am not sure if India is the right place to promote such music. I don't think there are still enough people who listen to English songs.''' ,'''For an individual, playback singing is not enough to sustain a career, and it is not really a main source of income.''' ,'''While I can't speak Telugu, I do understand the language.''' ,'''Ultimately, it's your talent that counts.''' ,'''It is very important that we take care of our health.''' ,'''As far as Indian artists are concerned, I really like Mohammad Rafi and Sonu Nigam.''' ,'''I am quite private about my personal life, and I don't talk much about it.''' ,'''People think it comes easy to us because we are from a family full of musicians, but I feel it's all about talent.''' ,'''I grew up in a musical atmosphere at home.''' ,'''It's tougher to work with Amaal, as the brother equation comes in between. We fight like any other siblings and have creative differences. I work harder when I am singing for him, as he is a taskmaster.''' ,'''Emoting songs onscreen comes naturally to me since we do emote in the studio behind the mike as well. But acting in a full-length Bollywood film is a completely different ball game.''' ,'''I had done a cover of the song 'Nenani Neevani' and put it up on Sound Cloud, which Sunny M.R., the music composer of Rowdy Fellow, came across. He liked it and approached me for 'Yedho.'''' ,'''Salim-Sulaiman have always been my favourite. It's just an absolute pleasure working with them, and there's always something new you get to learn just by sitting in their studio and absorbing all that's happening around you.''' ,'''You may come and go, but the real test is to see how long one can manage to stay in the game.''' ,'''I like collecting fedoras. Whenever I go abroad for shows, I always look to buy one.''' ,'''I'll be more interested in acting only when it has to do something with who I am in real life. More like playing a singer or musician on screen like in 'Aashiqui' or 'Rockstar.'''' ,'''I love the attention. I love how I am so loved by the people, especially the girls.''' ,'''I understand our audience loves to see some drama on TV, but even they have got bored with similar patterns of carrying out reality singing shows.''' ,'''My training has been in Hindustani classical, and I have done a six-week course in English vocals at Berklee. The holistic learning has helped me a lot.''' ,'''Nowadays, we have become so busy in our work, especially in our phone, that we don't go out for workout. It creates a lot of health problems.''' ,'''It has been a dream of mine to be a singer, and now I'm living this dream, singing some beautiful songs and winning people's hearts with my voice.''' ,'''In the West, Rihanna, Chris Brown, Justin Bieber are the face of their songs.''' ,]
+++