+++
author = "Tobias Menzies"
title = "Tobias Menzies Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Tobias Menzies Quotes"
keywords = "tobias menzies,tobias menzies quotes,tobias menzies quote,tobias menzies sayings,tobias menzies saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not sure I had the legs for togas.''' ,'''Love is a very big word.''' ,'''Scripts can be slick and structured, but do they always contain the truth?''' ,'''The success of 'Rome' was in making the history accessible and giving viewers everyman characters through which they can connect to historical figures. It stops the story from being too remote.''' ,'''I suppose that's why we watch dramas: to see the stuff that in real life you'd end up in prison for.''' ,''''Rome' plays on universal human emotions that hopefully people can relate to. Historians are always going to be offended by it.''' ,'''In general, I am more interested in the darker characters when I watch or read stories.''' ,'''Do I think the West End relies too heavily on star names? Yes, I do, and it can result in miscasting and sub-standard stuff. Not always, but occasionally.''' ,'''I quite like sort of being able to walk down the street with no one noticing.''' ,'''I live or die by how well I act.''' ,'''I remember auditioning for 'Moulin Rouge!,' the part that Ewan McGregor played. I was so young: I was literally just out of college.''' ,'''I'm largely interested in people who are just great actors, and they're not necessarily hugely famous.''' ,'''I like what I do, and a lot of these projects have really interesting material and interesting people to work with. I feel lucky.''' ,'''I've been really lucky to have had a variety of roles, and I don't think I'm in danger of being typecast as the romantic lead. I think there's honour in working as constantly as you can. That isn't easy. And I'm no matinee idol.''' ,'''I love little theatres because it's very intimate, and you can have a very easy rapport with the audience. Everyone's in the same room.''' ,]
+++