+++
author = "Orlando Jones"
title = "Orlando Jones Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Orlando Jones Quotes"
keywords = "orlando jones,orlando jones quotes,orlando jones quote,orlando jones sayings,orlando jones saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Someone I met years ago explained to me the difference between a personality and an actor, a personality being Eddie Murphy or Roseanne Barr, and an actor being Morgan Freeman and Alfre Woodard or Marlon Brando.''' ,'''There was a guy that was friends with my father, a very well-known and powerful hustler on the Eastern seaboard. He was a very interesting guy who would literally rent a passenger van and would take the poor kids from the ghettos and black neighborhoods down to the sporting goods store and just spend money. Buy them whatever they want.''' ,'''I'm tired of cookie-cutter monolithic representation of black folks.''' ,'''It wasn't until 'Double Take' that I was in a movie as the leading man, in a character that was more straight and less broad than the other character, and where the story is really about him.''' ,'''I sort of fell in love with the idea that we all love things that we're not supposed to, and that, often, that love is also 'tainted.' I wrapped it in sort of a graphic novel theme, and out of that came 'Tainted Love.'''' ,'''You give the guy an Image Award three years in a row and then turn on him like that? If that's the role they want to fulfill, they need to send a clearer message.''' ,'''My father marched in Selma. My father was there in Alabama. That's where I was born. My birth certificate says 'colored.' It does not say I'm African-American or black. So for me, those are real realities that are not subject to opinion.''' ,'''Machinima has just been stupid-amazing. They're incredible. It's been exciting to work with them, and I hope to do it for a long time.''' ,'''When I was on 'Mad TV,' I figured my parents were watching, and that was it. It wasn't 'Saturday Night Live,' so it didn't really have the same high profile.''' ,'''People choose whatever projects they've seen that I've done over the years, and whichever one is their favorite is the only one they care about. But I realized that none of those were my voice or representative of what my thoughts and feelings were.''' ,'''Most of my friends between 21 and 31 are at different stages of figuring out what the hell they are going to do with their lives. It's a big part of our generation. What is the next step?''' ,'''Graphic novels and comic books, by and large, as you know, have cover art, and they have interior art. The interior art is never as detailed as the cover art.''' ,'''The Internet, to me, is about rebel culture, and I've always loved it. When I think of rebel culture, I think of rock-and-roll or hip-hop, and for a long time now, it's been the Internet.''' ,'''That was one of the things that interested me about the character. He doesn't want to be a hero, and has no real desire to save the earth or discover aliens. He's sniffing around looking to see what will fall in his lap.''' ,'''The only reason I wanted to do 'MADtv' was because I grew up reading 'Mad Magazine' because I'm a comic-book nerd.''' ,'''In New York, people are pretty cool, and you don't catch a lot of grief. But in certain spots, man, it's over. If I stand in the same place for more than 20 minutes or 10 minutes or something, there'll be 40 people standing there, all screaming something different.''' ,'''Sometimes I'm more inspired by stuff that tells a story and less inspired by stuff that's not a natural extension of what I'm already doing.''' ,'''I walked in thinking, 'I have ten movies under my belt and now they want me to go back to making commercials?' I said, if I do that, I want it to be funny.''' ,'''I want to see as many black professionals as possible.''' ,''''Sleepy Hollow' was really the first thing I'd done that gave me the opportunity in the modern age to build an authentic relationship with an audience that was a lot more like what happens in theater.''' ,'''If you come on the set of 'Sleepy Hollow,' and you go, 'So, is this a 'Once Upon a Time' spinoff?' That's right when we start slappin' people. It's right then. Now if you came on the set, and you were like, 'I like this show. It kinda reminds me of 'Supernatural,'' that gets you a high five.''' ,'''Religion is a tool to stamp out oppression, repression, and tyranny. It's to save the oppressed. That's what religion is for.''' ,'''I think it's impossible to be a young black male from the South, born to an era I was born in, and not have a clear sense of what race really means in the country.''' ,'''Belly was not a bad movie. It was visually very interesting.''' ,'''Anytime you have a family member getting out of prison, there's always drama.''' ,'''I've been in fandom for a really long time. Back in the day, you had to go to a con to engage in fandom, and that was really the only way.''' ,'''With 'The Replacements,' it was insane. I'd never done a movie that opened up and made, like, seven million dollars. I'd never been part of, like, a four-day press junket for a movie that was international and domestic.''' ,'''I became acutely aware of how important it is to separate the difference between who you are and who the character you're playing is.''' ,'''Ultimately, the core premise of 'American Gods' is, 'What do you believe?' And how your beliefs can be manifested into reality.''' ,]
+++