+++
author = "John Salazar"
title = "John Salazar Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 John Salazar Quotes"
keywords = "john salazar,john salazar quotes,john salazar quote,john salazar sayings,john salazar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Across the country, people are willing to tighten their belts and sacrifice. The president should ask the oil industry to do the same.''' ,'''How do you tell troops who volunteered to fight for our freedoms that the country they fought for won't take care of them when they come back? In the time of war our troops and their families are supposed to be our number one priority.''' ,'''All communities have a right to clean water. The taxpayers of Pueblo should not have to carry the burden of the clean up cost simply because they live downstream.''' ,'''It shouldn't take an emergency for this Administration to deal with the health care needs of our nation's heroes. Funding the VA and our bringing our troops home safely should never be treated as an afterthought.''' ,'''By increasing the use of renewable fuels such as ethanol and bio-diesel, and providing the Department of Energy with a budget to create more energy efficiency options, agriculture can be the backbone of our energy supply as well.''' ,'''We took the insurance companies out of the driver's seat.''' ,'''We need a president who understands the contributions and values of rural America, a president who understands the men and women who are up at 5 a.m. every day to grow the food that we put on our tables.''' ,'''I haven't forgotten where I came from.''' ,'''I have always said there is only one thing that can bring our nation down - our dependence on foreign countries for food and energy. Agriculture is the backbone of our economy.''' ,'''I always am a firm believer in you compensate people for their job, and so I did give them bonuses. We accomplished a lot in Congress, we passed health care reform. There were threats against their lives; they had a tough two years. They'd forgone any cost-of-living increase or any bonus before.''' ,]
+++