+++
author = "Lin Dan"
title = "Lin Dan Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Lin Dan Quotes"
keywords = "lin dan,lin dan quotes,lin dan quote,lin dan sayings,lin dan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Being a professional athlete, we all want to win the title.''' ,'''Win or lose, I believe in giving my best and that is what I always do.''' ,'''I hope to spend more time with my family.''' ,'''When I decided to come back, I wanted to prove to the rest of the world I'm still the best.''' ,'''I have played against many players, but I will always consider Lee Chong Wei as my toughest competitor.''' ,'''I have never considered any player as my competitor; each one of them is good and talented, and my job is to beat them.''' ,'''The gold medals from world championships and National Games prove the efficiency of my daily training.''' ,'''I have admired Taufik Hidayat for being exceptionally talented and Hendrawan for being a great player only because of his hard work and dedication. I have always looked up to them as players.''' ,'''It should not all be about badminton.''' ,'''Badminton is a cruel sport.''' ,'''I am no genius; I just worked hard like my other teammates, and I believe all my teammates can win the title as they work hard, too.''' ,'''It is hard to compete with other sports. Badminton is a sport which, when compared with football and tennis, still needs promotion.''' ,'''Team competition is my priority.''' ,'''I love badminton, and representing China is an honour for me.''' ,'''I'm no longer young, but I still enjoy the competition and the feeling of that.''' ,'''When you fully focus in the match, you don't think too much about the atmosphere and the climate. Even if the temperature goes up, we will both sweat the same.''' ,'''Every time I am not playing, I am training harder to keep myself fit.''' ,'''It is difficult to single out any one player, as I aim to give my best against every single player that I have played so far against.''' ,'''Of course every player wants to go from good to better, but one should not be obsessed with it.''' ,'''It is our responsibility, but not burden, to be champions.''' ,'''I just want to play my game.''' ,'''I invite Mr. Lee Chong Wei to visit China frequently.''' ,'''The biggest problem for badminton is wind direction and lighting. If those problems are not solved, it seriously impacts players' performances on the court. If a high-level player's performance is affected by these factors, they suffer setbacks and cannot be fully satisfied on the court.''' ,'''I have worked very hard to achieve this. If others also work hard, they can also achieve as much.''' ,'''I am training 8-9 hours a day and will give my best shot for Rio.''' ,'''I am pleased with the fitness that I have.''' ,'''Marriage has changed things. I have my own family now.''' ,'''I hope wholeheartedly that badminton will be as popular and respected as tennis one day.''' ,'''Many people, including those from the BWF, don't really understand what the main problems in badminton are and what it most needs because many officials are not competitors.''' ,'''I still want to see the Lin-Lee rivalry; those games always bring great fun for the fans.''' ,'''If you play a match, then you got to give it all to beat the opponent; there is nothing like playing against a great or a non-great player. I treat them all as opponents and aim to beat them.''' ,'''I will take every match seriously and respect every opponent.''' ,'''I don't need to prove myself through competition anymore.''' ,'''Of course, in China, there's already plenty of people who like badminton. I'm hoping more foreigners, Americans, and other countries can get into this sport.''' ,'''It is for me to realise my value and put in the effort to win big tournaments.''' ,'''I want to enjoy the life.''' ,'''I need to practice every day to be at my best for winning the third gold at the Rio Olympics.''' ,'''During the off-season, I try to increase my practice sessions, and I am also training with my coaches.''' ,'''At every Olympic Games, anything can happen that nobody can predict, so I did my best to win.''' ,'''Lee Chong Wei is no doubt the best men's singles opponent I've played, and this gives me extra motivation to raise my game each time I play against him.''' ,'''In the past, my family made a lot of sacrifices. We never got to spend much time together because I was always training. I think now I need to spend as much time as I can with them. This is the life I should have.''' ,'''I hope to play well and get better and better.''' ,'''There is no secret. It is all about doing the same things time and time again. It is all about doing the best every day.''' ,'''You don't just need skills and talent, you also need luck.''' ,'''Lee is such a brilliant rival. I treasure the opportunities we have to play each other.''' ,'''I hope Lee's scandal isn't real.''' ,'''Before I turned 30, through a lot of hard work and support, I won many badminton titles. But after turning 30, Lin Dan should change that mindset and start in a new direction and do things that are more meaningful.''' ,'''Badminton is not only about winning. What is important to me is about playing hard, doing my best and putting up a good show for the spectators.''' ,'''Success is not judged by just success in a particular championship.''' ,]
+++