+++
author = "Kevin James"
title = "Kevin James Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Kevin James Quotes"
keywords = "kevin james,kevin james quotes,kevin james quote,kevin james sayings,kevin james saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think I invented the phrase 'Don't overdo it.'''' ,'''Teachers have a chance to mold someone, inspire them. I hope all teachers realize that.''' ,'''You think school ends when it ends, but it doesn't.''' ,'''I've always had something in my heart where I root for guys who struggle with women.''' ,'''From there, I tried out for a community theatre play, joined an improv group... it all started opening up.''' ,'''I try to connect with the everyday, every guy.''' ,'''I never played a musical instrument growing up but I knew kids who did and took it very seriously.''' ,'''I just want to put some positive stuff out there. If it works, great. If it doesn't, no problem.''' ,'''Every few months I'll pop into a comedy club or go to Vegas.''' ,'''Every time I do a movie where it gets physical, I say never again.''' ,'''Thanksgiving, man. Not a good day to be my pants.''' ,'''Once a year my back will go out and it'll be... it's like a sciatic thing and it's the smallest thing. Like I could be leaning over the sink to brush my teeth in a weird way and it happens.''' ,'''I took a public speaking class in college and managed to make the class laugh a little bit.''' ,'''I want to do movies that I'm proud of where my kids, at some point, can see and I can feel comfortable sitting there watching it with them. And just that move people. That make people feel a little bit better about themselves when they leave the theatre.''' ,'''I would always love to be an athlete, but it's got to be a tough day when you have to hang up those cleats.''' ,'''A song can take you to a special time in your life.''' ,'''Just me onstage with a mike having an intimate relationship with the audience. I don't get nervous for that. I just get excited.''' ,'''There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap.''' ,'''My favorite movie of all time is 'Rocky.'''' ,'''Now I'm starting to jog. But every time I do jog I have 9-1 pressed into my phone, with the next '1' ready to be launched in case I drop.''' ,'''I don't want to be known as this goody-two-shoes who can only do comedies where puppies are licking peanut butter off my face.''' ,'''I'm not a Hollywood guy.''' ,'''If I do a movie where I have to have a son and it's a chubby kid, my mother is always like, 'You were never like that.' She gets so upset about it.''' ,'''I had many teachers that were great, positive role models and taught me to be a good person and stand up and be a good man. A lot of the principals they taught me still affect how I act sometimes and it's 30 years later.''' ,'''I had my boy in Boston on Easter Sunday. That kills me, from a sports perspective. He's a Boston baby and I'm a New York guy.''' ,'''I could never be James Bond.''' ,'''For some reason and I don't know why, but I don't think that I'm funny in California. So I always want to do my movies east somewhere.''' ,'''I really wasn't a class clown.''' ,'''I never played music, but it's an important thing ... the studying, the inspiration.''' ,'''I've always been the guy who doesn't necessarily get it with women. A woman would have to say, 'I like you, I want to go out with you, you can ask me.' And still I would question it. Did she mean it?''' ,'''As American as an apple is and as American as baseball is, they don't go together. You can't be chewing an apple at a baseball game. You've got to let go of the diet that day.''' ,'''Back in '93 I saw my first UFC fight and just became enamored by it then.''' ,'''It's always cool to meet people who can do things that you have no capacity to do.''' ,]
+++