+++
author = "Rashard Lewis"
title = "Rashard Lewis Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Rashard Lewis Quotes"
keywords = "rashard lewis,rashard lewis quotes,rashard lewis quote,rashard lewis sayings,rashard lewis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've never watched a race live from Ascot. I used to make sure I didn't miss Black Caviar run, but that wasn't at Ascot.''' ,'''My favorite horse was Zenyatta. She got me hooked.''' ,'''It's not about guys getting minutes or scoring 20 points or getting playing time. To me, it's about if you've got to make one 3-pointer to win that championship, we need you to make that one 3-pointer. Whatever it takes.''' ,'''Nothing's promised. You got to go out there and earn it.''' ,'''I've been criticized my whole career. When I got drafted in the second round in the green room, they said I wouldn't even make it in the N.B.A.''' ,'''When I was playing in Seattle and Orlando, I did a lot of work with the Ronald McDonald House. I've always had a special thing for kids, and I know how important it is for kids to have good role models. They push us to that next level.''' ,'''If athletes went to the races more and to the backside in the morning, I think more people would get involved because, as an athlete, we can relate to what the horses go through. Training routine, injuries, massages, etc.''' ,'''I was just 18 years old, excited about being drafted to the N.B.A. I felt like all of Houston was watching me. My high school was watching me. I think they had a draft party at my coach's house. I'll never forget that day, being in the green room with my family and my agent.''' ,'''I know a lot of people say New York is the basketball mecca, but to me, it's Seattle.''' ,'''When I feel like it's time for me to say something and it's time for me to speak up and allow my emotions to get into the games and practice, then I will say something.''' ,'''I remember growing up as a kid in Houston, playing 3-on-3 in my grandmother's driveway. I was lucky to be the youngest of four kids, so we had each other to keep ourselves busy and out of trouble. Not all kids are that fortunate.''' ,'''My father was in and out of jail throughout my childhood. He really wasn't in my life at all. Thankfully, I had two strong role models who guided me through those years.''' ,'''I have to say that sports is what kept me out of trouble. No matter the circumstances, my mom kept us playing sports. She worked hard to provide for us and even harder to make sure we always stayed active. Whether it was football or basketball, we were playing one sport or another year-round.''' ,'''A lot of people don't understand that playing in the NBA, the toughest thing is to win an NBA championship. I was in the NBA 15 years. I'd been in the playoffs. I'd been in the Finals. But it took me 15 years to finally win one.''' ,'''Coming off the bench or starting doesn't matter to me one bit. I just want to win.''' ,]
+++