+++
author = "John Michael Higgins"
title = "John Michael Higgins Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 John Michael Higgins Quotes"
keywords = "john michael higgins,john michael higgins quotes,john michael higgins quote,john michael higgins sayings,john michael higgins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''That's how I relax. I love singing with my castmates.''' ,'''My parents were not at all backstage parents. We had none of that in the family. It was just very clear right away that I was an actor, even from 4 years old. I've never waited a table. I taught some - I'll teach classes in improv or Shakespeare, but there's some motor in me that needs to do that.''' ,'''People who can dance and sing are often very good at comedy.''' ,'''I'm a Navy brat. You find that a lot of stage actors are Army or Navy brats, because they have the ability to make a big impression, make friends, and then leave just a few months later.''' ,'''I was a stage actor for 20 years or so; I was leading men in classical things. 'Shakespeare,' you know. And now, I never play leading men. I'm that kamikaze comic that comes from the left, turns the table over, and leaves, or the hyper-intelligent yuppie scumbag if it's a drama.''' ,'''I can't tell you why I keep getting asked to play gay characters, but I never really considered 'gay' as an adjective, as a playable thing. Maybe it's an element of the character, but it just describes a preference.''' ,'''Comedy has to do with holding and releasing tension; it's very technical. It's more technical than drama.''' ,'''I do miss sometimes being onstage, because when I do film and television, it's usually so brief and funny.''' ,'''I'm not a huge fan of improv theater or improv sports or whatever, because it still just looks like a tool. It looks like a technique to me.''' ,]
+++