+++
author = "Henry Reed"
title = "Henry Reed Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Henry Reed Quotes"
keywords = "henry reed,henry reed quotes,henry reed quote,henry reed sayings,henry reed saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It was Jung who first said to explain the symbol as if talking to a man from mars who knew nothing about our life on earth.''' ,'''People don't think their dreams amount to much, but when I ask them to examine them for common themes, they surprise themselves at how accurate they are! They see that their dreams have value.''' ,'''How do you know, right now, that you are aware of being aware, or conscious?''' ,'''I published in 1978 a report on dreams in the Journal of Clinical Psychology. It was the first study of its kind to demonstrate that it is possible for people to make constructive use of their dreams to improve their lives.''' ,'''The sixth sense is at the core of our experiences. It is what makes experiences out of events.''' ,'''It is easier to learn to interpret dreams if you have a reason to use them for something constructive. You apply your dream insights to making constructive changes in your life.''' ,'''People are learning to feel more comfortable hearing one another's dreams. It used to be that if you told a dream in public, someone had to make a joke to relieve the tension introduced by that alternative reality.''' ,'''The usual comment from psychologists and psychiatrists was that it's best not to encourage people to look at their dreams because they are liable to stir up problems for themselves.''' ,'''Hugh Lynn Cayce, Edgar Cayce's son, is quoted as saying, The best interpretation of a dream is one you apply.''' ,'''When we fall asleep, we withdraw our awareness from its hypnotic fascination with physical sensation, thereby enabling us to listen with our now awakening sixth sense.''' ,'''If there is any truth to my parenting the dreamwork movement, it comes from the power of the press.''' ,'''Dreams seem to have a will of their own.''' ,'''There is something very basic to the sense of listening. The sense of hearing is the only one that operates totally from vibrations, without other physical or chemical reactions to receive the sensations.''' ,'''As we abide in sleep, intuitively resonating with the sum of all our experiences - this life and beyond - we gain refreshing perspective on our efforts and have an opportunity to remember what we know.''' ,'''If there is any one truth from the legacy of the Cayce readings, it would be that there is a spiritual dimension to humans, something beyond time and space.''' ,'''Because there is a larger awareness that transcends time and space, an awareness is available after death.''' ,'''What is it like to fall asleep? What happens? Where do we go? Why don't we remember? Since childhood most of us have wondered about the mystery of sleep.''' ,'''Freud published The Interpretation of Dreams in 1900. It introduced the notion that there existed certain predictable and identifiable processes by which dreams were formed.''' ,'''Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.''' ,'''The things that concern us during the day are going to influence what we experience during the night.''' ,'''Dream study impacts culture. We are put in touch with the inner poet who dreams. We hear our inner, subjective response to the outer world. That helps spiritualize our lives.''' ,'''All human beings are interconnected, one with all other elements in creation.''' ,'''We each have a sixth sense that is attuned to the oneness dimension in life, providing a means for us to guide our lives in accord with our ideas.''' ,'''Dreams have always expanded our understanding of reality by challenging our boundaries of the real, of the possible.''' ,'''What we hear while we are asleep continues to resonate with us upon awakening.''' ,'''It makes a difference what we choose to experience during sleep. Many of us think of sleep as a chance to get away from it all. But sleep is also a chance to return to the joys of our spiritual heritage - our universal awareness.''' ,'''When we awaken, we cannot account for the time spent. We simply don't remember. About the only evidence we have of experiences while we were asleep is when we happen to remember a dream.''' ,'''There is both a skill factor and an effort factor in dream recall. People can develop dream recall skills, such as lying still in the morning and writing down whatever comes to mind.''' ,]
+++