+++
author = "Louis Zamperini"
title = "Louis Zamperini Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Louis Zamperini Quotes"
keywords = "louis zamperini,louis zamperini quotes,louis zamperini quote,louis zamperini sayings,louis zamperini saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've got to say that is - the highest emotion of the human experience is going down in a plane knowing your going to die!''' ,'''I couldn't speak English. I'm in kindergarten, and the only reason I got through to first grade is because I cheated.''' ,'''If you hate somebody, it's like a boomerang that misses its target and comes back and hits you in the head. The one who hates is the one who hurts.''' ,''''Unbroken' was published as a help to society.''' ,'''Hate is self-destructive. If you hate somebody, you're not hurting the person you hate. You're hurting yourself. And that's a healing. Actually, it's a real healing, forgiveness.''' ,'''Every soldier should learn survival on land, sea, and in the air.''' ,'''When you're on a raft, you pray like in a foxhole.''' ,'''I ended up in the Army Air Corps in the Pacific, operating out of Ayuka field in Hawaii.''' ,'''That's one thing you learn in sports. You don't give up; you fight to the finish.''' ,'''All I did was pray to God, every day. In prison camp, the main prayer was, 'Get me home alive, God, and I'll seek you and serve you.' I came home, got wrapped up in the celebration, and forgot about the hundreds of promises I'd made to God.''' ,'''I was a rotten kid. My excitement came from seeing what I could get away with.''' ,]
+++