+++
author = "Jacob Collier"
title = "Jacob Collier Quotes"
quotes_len = "67"
description = "the best 67 Jacob Collier Quotes"
keywords = "jacob collier,jacob collier quotes,jacob collier quote,jacob collier sayings,jacob collier saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have lots of strange ideas in the back of my mind.''' ,'''As a member of a generation who have been subjected to much over-stimulation, it's hard to say I fit into any one category.''' ,'''It's hard to say that one way of doing things is the best for everybody all the time.''' ,'''The thing with music education is that it is good at teaching technique, but not texture. You only learn about that from listening to music and experimenting on your own.''' ,'''The way my brain works, it created me thirsty. From the off, I was a sponge for information that had emotional connotations, I think that was it. I was brought up to see the world as emotional, and anything that I could get my hands on that helped me explore that emotional stuff, I was fascinated by.''' ,'''So the language of musical harmony is an absolutely extraordinary one. It's a way of navigating one's emotional frameworks, but without the need to put things into words, and I think that, as with many other languages, it doesn't matter how much you know about a language.''' ,'''There's one song that I recorded called 'Saviour' and every single sound from that song was actually recorded in a shipyard on my iPhone.''' ,'''The world of Stevie Wonder - in particular, the kind of overflowing joy that exists in every single thing I've ever heard him do, every note he sings - that is so deeply inspiring to me in every way.''' ,'''I'd say that I'm a really quite a joyful person in general, but I think the idea of joy can be extremely complex, and rich and varied.''' ,'''It's a really interesting situation, because when you make music at home all the energy goes into the process, and touring's all about the energy going outward. I had to learn how to do that transition, but once I figured that out it's so much fun.''' ,'''There's an amazing power that music has, and it definitely had its power over me as a boy. I just saw fit to keep exploring it.''' ,'''There are a whole bunch of instruments I'd like to build.''' ,'''I suppose technically I could say I'm based in jazz, just because it's the school of thought that I've been encouraging myself to operate within.''' ,'''I always created things, layered things on top of each other. That hasn't changed at all. With this first album, it was basically a celebration of that process of inventing and building sounds.''' ,'''I suppose my job is to describe spaces that are honest to me. And the goal, I suppose, is that the listener can hear themselves in some way in that song and also, in some way, hear me. And so if the listener is able to identify with my honesty then I'm being the most helpful I can possibly be.''' ,'''For me, jazz is an understanding of music, rather than an end in itself.''' ,'''I want to write orchestral music. I want to get a group of singers together and sing William Byrd songs.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of voice memos. I put down many ideas there and sometimes I even use some of those audio files in my actual recordings. You get this really raw energy from voice memos that you can't get when you sit down in a studio with a microphone. There's this sense of immediacy, which I'm really drawn to.''' ,'''With the Internet you can research anything.''' ,'''Having an idea is easy, courting one can be difficult.''' ,'''The whole life of a song doesn't end with the way that it sounds on the record. How does this song grow? What works live? What do people like to sing along to?''' ,'''It was a challenge with 'In My Room,' because I was the only person in that room making the record, to maintain perspective.''' ,'''Really, I was brought up with music as a second language. My mother was extremely encouraging of the sensitivities of my brain. It was this sense of curiosity but never pressure.''' ,'''I enjoy exploring music so much.''' ,'''I find it difficult to stand up for what you are and what your essence is, and seeing that clearly can be an unbelievably hard thing to do.''' ,'''Parents write to me, or come up to me after shows and ask me 'How can we get our children to be as excited as you obviously were as a child?' It's not necessarily what they want to hear when I say, 'Don't make them practise!'''' ,'''I grew up in this room filled with musical instruments, but most importantly, I had a family who encouraged me to invest in my own imagination, and so things I created, things I built were good things to be building just because I was making them, and I think that's such an important idea.''' ,'''The Proms are everything life is all about: people coming together, and joy and music and celebration and togetherness.''' ,'''D is a wholesome key. It's not bland, like C. It's not neutral. It's probably on the bright side.''' ,'''I just became accustomed to being all the members of the band. That was something that was really exciting to me.''' ,'''Djesse,' essentially, is this spirit. It's this sort of character, very much with some childlike energy, which permeates all of this music... The first album represents kind of pre-dawn, to that moment at the end of the morning when everything's very much alive.''' ,'''I was given this music programme called Cubase, one of the first multi-layering programmes, when I was seven, and I graduated to Logica at 11, and that became my primary instrument.''' ,'''I suppose for me, with 'Djesse,' I realized fairly early in the process that I also needed a character to walk this path, which in some ways is me, and in some ways is not me. I think of Djesse a bit like the infinite child who can see everything and walk into everything as light as a feather and just alchemize.''' ,'''It's funny, I guess when I was growing up, I didn't really think about being an instrumentalist, per se. I didn't think, well, I want to be a piano player, or, I want to be a guitar player, or even, I want to be a singer. I just wanted to be a musician.''' ,'''I always wanted to, at some point, sit down and consider how to plot out one piece of work, one album, from start to finish.''' ,'''Music is like cooking for me: you mix the ingredients together in one big pan and see how they end up. Through experimenting, you find what you really like and stick with it.''' ,'''I think that the journey of self to truth is always kind of a gnarly one.''' ,'''Making music with other people feeds spontaneity, and lends ideas to your solo work.''' ,'''Woke Up Today' is a number of different sections compounded together. There's the melodica solo section which is three divisions; there's the really funky thing in eleven before that, there's the chorus and verse and there's the ending which slows down and speeds up.''' ,'''It just so happened that I had this place called YouTube where everybody in the world could do exactly what they wanted to do and it's potentially one of the most exciting times I've discovered in the history of anything ever.''' ,'''The only reason I create something is because I'm chasing a feeling. You can use a bunch of musical or psychological operations to achieve that result.''' ,'''You can't make music on your own for your whole life.''' ,'''I'm a firm believer that embracing the imperfections of making music is so much of what makes something groove. Getting rid of these imperfections runs the risk of removing a lot of the magic that makes this music really special, and diminishes music's ability to connect with us as human beings. We are all imperfect, after all.''' ,'''Even if nobody was listening to it, I'd still be making music.''' ,'''Music is one whole force. And I think the Proms have always represented very clearly that music is a universal language, one that everyone can speak. I've just followed my goosebumps in every direction and have found a recipe for what my music feels and sounds like.''' ,'''I think of what I do for work as playing/jamming. Music for me is so much fun so I don't take my work very seriously in terms of not being humorous, but I take it absolutely seriously in terms of taking the time to make it as rich and glorious as possible.''' ,'''It's not like I wake up and think, 'Now I'm going to go to work.' It just feels like a continuing exploration.''' ,'''I've spent so much of my life examining the smallest details. In some ways, it's where I feel most at home. For me, it's super-important to understand all of the different nuances of light and shade. But if you can't paint in primary colours, no one's going to listen to your songs, because they need to feel like something.''' ,'''The whole 'Djesse' project is, like, the paramount example of something that has evolved alongside me creating it. It started as one album, and then I realized that I had too many ideas for just one album.''' ,'''I've always wanted to keep my own personal creative space, and do everything myself.''' ,'''The bottom line is you need to be authentic, you have to be really honest to yourself.''' ,'''My mother was this force of nature when it came to both communication with people and the whole of learning music. She's a champion.''' ,'''I'm a firm believer in the saying that goes, 'If you want to make god laugh, tell him your plans,' kind of approach.''' ,'''I'm one of those people that's listened to so much music, I feel like I've soaked it all and not rejected anything, so it's all present there when I'm in my inventing room.''' ,'''Music is just another language, but it's very special because it crosses everyone's borders.''' ,'''I was sort of brought up to sing from the age of two or three I was definitely giving it a go.''' ,'''A lot of the music that I really love, and a lot of my favourite music and a lot of my favourite things and a lot of my favourite people, these can be experienced on many levels.''' ,'''I love songs with, like, six or seven or eight different things going on at once, and that's just me.''' ,'''I love the interaction with people online, I love engaging with the fans.''' ,'''In my experience, my music has drawn people of all ages, which is a real wonderful thing. And at my gigs you get everyone from six year olds to 90 year olds. And I find that really quite moving, actually.''' ,'''You can get people to follow very intricate pathways of musical information, but it feels like a nursery rhyme or a children's story.''' ,'''I love to zoom in and study why a chord is making me feel a certain way, but then I've learnt to zoom out again. Because if I'm not actually feeling it, there's not much point making it in the first place.''' ,'''It was what I did after school. I'd learn a song in choir that day and I'd sing it, all the parts.''' ,'''I jumped into a world of musical learning that was very much led by myself and then I drew from the music that was all around me.''' ,'''AI as a tool in music-making is fine, but it's always going to be the humanity in music that makes people want to listen to it.''' ,'''I can support my sound from the diaphragm, I can project and I can enunciate and things like that. But I was definitely singing from a lot younger than that.''' ,'''You always have those moments of standing outside your own life and thinking, 'This is kind of bizarre and quite wonderful.' And I think those moments always catch you off guard.''' ,]
+++