+++
author = "Isabelle Adjani"
title = "Isabelle Adjani Quotes"
quotes_len = "65"
description = "the best 65 Isabelle Adjani Quotes"
keywords = "isabelle adjani,isabelle adjani quotes,isabelle adjani quote,isabelle adjani sayings,isabelle adjani saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've suffered too much to hide my feelings.''' ,'''I went on French television for 20 minutes. It was very embarrassing to have to say, 'I'm not dead. I'm well. I'm not ill, and I don't have AIDS.' I hated doing it, because it was so insulting to those who really did have AIDS.''' ,'''One believes that if nothing happens, one disappears. That is not true.''' ,'''Nothingness not being nothing, nothingness being emptiness.''' ,'''I think we have to get back the value of behavior that is consistent with being taught: that's to say, respecting teachers, listening, and not always expecting your opinion to take precedence.''' ,'''One can be emptied out and be filled up.''' ,'''Passion surprises. One doesn't search it. It can happen to you tomorrow.''' ,'''If I don't work very often, it's because what I read is written for formidable actresses, but actresses who make a habit of playing with their cup half full.''' ,'''For me, being an actress is not just a profession but a profession of faith.''' ,'''I like working emotions that can take you beyond your life. And yet you have to resist them in order remain within your life. Otherwise, you're burned. I like that fight. It's more of a fight with yourself.''' ,'''You have to believe yourself to be the centre of the world, or you believe nothing. You start to treat yourself very badly.''' ,'''But no one frees himself from being in love in three days.''' ,'''If I had not passed through trial - through passion, one could say - through these years so painful and so rich, I don't believe I could take on my life and my career as I do today.''' ,'''I like to go see films that give me courage and hope.''' ,'''You must take the risk to disclose yourself in order to become more real, more human. And even if the price is high.''' ,'''One can not love without opening oneself, and opening oneself, that's taking the risk of suffering. One does not have control.''' ,'''Simply, the majority of the most interesting filmmakers are the ones confronted with difficult situations. Their creativity blows a hole in the wall and lets in the light.''' ,'''Today I trust my instinct, I trust myself. Finally.''' ,'''To leave in search of yourself, of your real needs, is easier when you don't have to justify yourself to anyone, when there are not too many people bestowing you their attention.''' ,'''I like films that rest in the memory, so I try and choose parts which have some kind of social or emotional force.''' ,'''When you hold a baby in your arms, you don't want to put it in a basket right away. You want to keep the baby close.''' ,'''Algeria keeps me awake at night. What about you?''' ,'''It's exhilarating to read something that tells you that people saw something and felt something that you thought was so discreet. When they relate you to some of their own fantasies of who or how some actresses should be in movies. That's really kind of sweet!''' ,'''Before, for me, peace could have been synonymous with boredom.''' ,'''The soul preserves beauty.''' ,'''Life has brought me work to do on myself these past two years.''' ,'''I took the test for AIDS. I began to hate people who were not sick. Those people are monsters, I would think, believing that they are well because of moral superiority, because they are good. I identified with the loneliness of the sick. I felt that there was something pure about them.''' ,'''You protect your being when you love yourself better. That's the secret.''' ,'''I think that we all carry the divine within us.''' ,'''I've never felt like a French actress.''' ,'''It's funny how people fantasise about your life sometimes. But it's so much quieter than they think.''' ,'''I have a lot of friends in Paris, and I love to get away from home.''' ,'''There has already been the karmic work: that what life has transformed in me, this initiation brought on, of necessity, by trials.''' ,'''We can't forbid women from going to the beach because of a costume, even if it is rightly seen as neo-fundamentalist, backward, and shocking.''' ,'''To change, that is the most difficult thing to accomplish.''' ,'''I find the heated political debate over the burkini both ridiculous and dangerous.''' ,'''The newspapers were saying, 'You have AIDS.' They actually said I was dead. I just threw myself into my work when the whispering campaign turned really ugly.''' ,'''I am a follower of hyaluronic acid - always in small doses, of course - to fill wrinkles and fine lines.''' ,'''I loved my freedom as an adolescent, and I'd love to be an adolescent again.''' ,'''Passion is very destructive.''' ,'''American hypocrisy consists of thinking that everything is serious; French hypocrisy is to think that nothing is serious.''' ,'''In love, one should simplify, choose persons worthy of their promises and leave them if they don't keep them.''' ,'''For me to get up and feel the urge to go to the set and all that, I have to feel there is something tremendously vibrating to achieve there. I need to lose sometimes a consciousness of the person and the reality in order to be happy to come back into the reality and happier to live it for this cause, to be an artist in this life.''' ,'''I have no fear of being less beautiful, I've always been afraid of not being beautiful.''' ,'''There has also been much love, joy, evidence of admiration, there has never been one without the other.''' ,'''If my life hadn't itself been a modern adaptation of 'Les Atrides,' I probably would never have left the theatre.''' ,'''I'm a public figure. It's up to me to take the initiative to explain things. It's my responsibility.''' ,'''I talked about the persecution of Algerians and told about racism in my childhood. And it was as if, after that, I wasn't French anymore.''' ,'''One is never ready for success. It consecrates and looses you at the same time.''' ,'''I'm in an agreeable state: busy, enthusiastic, curious.''' ,'''It doesn't need to be that violent and crazy and wild. Having experienced it, you don't belong to yourself anymore. You belong to the passion... It's something you have to go through to learn what passion is about.''' ,'''I believe that when you work on yourself, you are attracted by different, more positive beings.''' ,'''There are people who never experience that, who remain closed until death, from fear of change.''' ,'''I take risks, but I don't lose respect for my real self. Because what's going to happen afterwards? How are you going to get back? Is there going to be a train, or will it be after midnight and you can't go home again?''' ,'''I've learned that to expose yourself, to reveal yourself is a test of your humanness.''' ,'''I believe in angels, so it's simple.''' ,'''I do not want to work to correspond to an image.''' ,'''Journalists are still inventing things that never existed about me. Before, it made me cry, but now I laugh about it.''' ,'''Someone who is an artist can say, 'I can create and can make what I create disappear.'''' ,'''Passion is all but soft, it's not tender, it's violence to which you get hooked by pleasure.''' ,'''People tell me I'm doing all these intense women and that I should lighten up. Then I do a comedy that I'm not happy with, and I think, 'Let's go back to heavy, heart-breaking drama; it's so much more fun.'''' ,'''I don't think of it at the moment, but the roles that interest me are those of young people.''' ,'''If you are in a gym class with other women, and even if you are in shape, you feel like, 'Do they think my legs are not right?' Since you are supposed to be the perfect one, they look for the defects. It's such an embarrassment.''' ,'''I'm a very secretive person. That's how I grew up. My father was very secretive.''' ,'''My limits will be better marked. Both the limits I will set, and my own limits.''' ,]
+++