+++
author = "Michael Strahan"
title = "Michael Strahan Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Michael Strahan Quotes"
keywords = "michael strahan,michael strahan quotes,michael strahan quote,michael strahan sayings,michael strahan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''That's one of the great things about Thanksgiving: Football's on!''' ,'''When you're a 20-something-year-old athlete and you're getting a six-figure check every week, you're not thinking about next week. You're not thinking, 'I'm going to be broke,' or 'I'm going to need another job.' But I'll tell you, there are a lot of broke athletes out there - I know plenty - and I didn't want to end up as one.''' ,'''Well, I've been a fan of videogames all my life.''' ,'''I grew up mostly in Germany, but my favorite summer trip was driving from North Carolina to Texas in a camper with my parents and us six kids.''' ,'''Camp is always all business.''' ,'''Few people know that I grew up in Germany and that my family still lives there.''' ,'''The fact that we're in the playoffs doesn't mean anything to us, to be honest with you. Hopefully, we can accomplish our goal of going into the playoffs on a winning note.''' ,'''Tim Lewis is great, he's a great coordinator.''' ,'''We're sympathetic, but once you step on the field, football's football.''' ,'''My ultimate goal is for that next generation coming up, who didn't see me play, go, 'Oh, he used to play football?'''' ,'''I hate leg exercises. I hate one-legged squats. I hate the hurdles and the split squats. I hate all the leg exercises. I know they help me, and I'm able to move around and don't have knee problems, and my hip doesn't hurt anymore, but when my trainer tells me I have to do them, I almost feel like my body goes into convulsions.''' ,'''This is who I am. I'm not perfect. I don't want to try to be perfect.''' ,'''Memorizing a playbook is like memorizing a script. When they change the script at the last minute it's like changing a play in a game.''' ,'''I believe in my kids 100 percent. When you have confidence in them, they have confidence in themselves.''' ,'''German women love American men. That's why a lot of American servicemen go to Germany - and never come back.''' ,'''When it comes to the camera, I can do my thing. But I'm bashful.''' ,'''As an athlete, you're brought up with that mentality that you finish everything you start. If you're going to start a meal, you're going to finish it until the plate is clean. I had to change that mentality to one of where, 'I eat until I'm full and leave the rest.'''' ,'''You know, you want to win and you want a ring. But when you win and you get the ring, you never really wear it.''' ,'''You never know who will win and I think that is the great thing about this league (as a player) because it gives you a lot of hope that this could be your year.''' ,'''Even though the weight I'm lifting isn't what it was when I was playing, it's not like I'm not lifting weights that are heavier than the common person would lift. I think a lot of people look at that and say, 'Whoa!'''' ,'''People are always warning me that I'm going to burn out. But the truth is, the only thing that tires me out is hearing people tell me that. Opposite shows, opposite coasts, opposite demographics, opposite everything - I love it, man!''' ,'''I've always been the locker-room jokester, the fun guy, the guy who keeps it loose and easy. But also, on Sundays, the guy in that huddle jumping up and down, telling guys, 'Hey, get it going. Let's go.' Firing everybody up. So I'm part relaxation therapist and part Red Bull.''' ,'''If your kids see what you eat, they will probably eat it, too. I'm not going to use the old-school policy of what my mother did and say to my kids, 'Well, if you are hungry enough, you will eat what I put on the table!' I think my kids have an understanding that if they see what their parents do, they should follow, too.''' ,'''I'm not an adulterer. I'm not gay.''' ,'''As the game gets bigger for the fans it gets bigger for the players.''' ,'''When I finish playing football, I would like to work with kids and sleep!''' ,'''Even though I'm not with their mother, it's important for my kids to see adults in a committed and happy relationship. They need to see a strong relationship. You don't have to settle.''' ,'''I have the biggest sweet tooth! You name it, I will eat it. My all-time favorite is my mother's butter cake. Every time I go home, my mom will already have the cake made because I love it so much. This makes my siblings mad because they think she favors me. I don't care because she probably does!''' ,'''They don't tell you how to be on TV - they put the camera on you, and they turn it on, and you sink or swim.''' ,'''I'm an excellent dancer. I keep up with whatever's hot. I've been break-dancing and pop-locking since back in the day.''' ,'''With the players Madden is definitely king and that's probably why it's been one of the top selling games all these years and will probably continue to be.''' ,'''All camps are hard, that's what they're intended to be. They make you focus when you're tired, when you don't feel like doing things, and to see how long you can retain and pay attention.''' ,'''I definitely believe in marriage.''' ,'''The team that is the most focused and executes the best is the team that wins. That's usually the team that can handle the pressure of the situation.''' ,''''The Notebook' gets me every time. It's a great love story. Boy from the wrong side of the tracks. They get on each other's nerves, but they can't live without each other. It almost makes me shed a tear.''' ,'''I always have a lot of personal goals, but primarily my main goal each year is to obviously win a Super Bowl.''' ,'''Tom Coughlin is great with the players and he is what you see with the media. He's a good guy and he's a fun guy, but at the same time he's a serious guy when it comes to winning and it comes to football.''' ,'''I love being the person my kids depend on to learn. Everything they learn, for the most part, comes from you - how they treat people, how they look at the world, how they process things. I love being that example for them, just like my parents were for me.''' ,'''It's not easy to do morning TV. A lot of people think you just show up and be yourself, but one of the hardest things to do is be yourself when the camera comes on.''' ,'''No matter how loud the stadium is, once you're on that field and that offense walks up to the line, it's silent. You can only hear the guys on the field. It's amazing how much concentration you can have when it's required and how powerful your mind is to give it to you.''' ,'''At the same time, it makes me feel like I have to prove myself to the new guys coming in as well as prove myself to the coaching staff, which is a good bit of motivation for me.''' ,'''By the time I left college, I had won every award you could win - I was Mr. Man! Then I got drafted by the Giants, and you step in that locker room, and you feel inferior in every way. You just have to stick around long enough to give yourself the opportunity to build your confidence.''' ,'''My brothers used to call me Bob. They'd laugh at me, and I didn't get it. I'm 13 years old at the time, and then one day my brother's friend says, 'You know what Bob stands for? 'Booty on back.' You're fat.' Like my butt was so big I could reach for my wallet over my shoulder. And I broke down.''' ,'''I started working out with my father the summer I was 13, which was incredible for our relationship. Those were my summers: working out with my dad, hanging out with my brothers, riding my bike. Pretty simple.''' ,'''So I'd rather have a defense that's successful where everyone's comfortable in their positions.''' ,'''Thing is, I don't really like free time. People are always warning me that I'm going to burn out. But the truth is, the only thing that tires me out is hearing people tell me that.''' ,'''This acting's serious! And I really respect those actors. It's a tough business to be able to be something you're not and be natural and convince people on camera.''' ,'''I think this can be a championship team. But we do have to take it one game at a time. You can't look at the end of the road before you get the next foot in.''' ,'''The great thing coming from sports is you understand the concept of a team. It leaves no room for being selfish, and that's something I picked up from home.''' ,'''My craziest ambition is to take John Madden's job and salary.''' ,'''We're our own worst enemy. You doubt yourself more than anybody else ever will. If you can get past that, you can be successful.''' ,'''My goal had been to win a championship, work toward the Hall of Fame, have my jersey retired by the team and I'd go in as a lifelong New York Giant, but I'm now resigned to the fact that this won't happen.''' ,'''I'm not perfect; I've never professed to be, and I don't want to be. How much fun is that?''' ,'''If you're not the one cooking, stay out of the way and compliment the chef.''' ,'''I don't do anything I don't want to do. There are so many opportunities that come my way, but if there's something out there that I don't want to do, I truly don't do it, because I have to maximize my time. If there's truly an opportunity to be quiet and be by myself, I do it.''' ,'''I have the best memories as a kid eating ice cream. It was a family tradition that I had with my father. It was nice.''' ,'''My hobbies and leisure activities include cars and golf.''' ,'''You've got to be very conscious of what people see. If I saw somebody every day, I would get sick of them. Most guys think, 'If I can get on TV every day and give that quote, I'm going to be golden.' It's not about that. It's about showing people you can be yourself.''' ,'''I grill all the time - burgers, ribs, chicken, steak, and fish.''' ,'''Growing up, we had 30, 40, 50 people coming through the house some Thanksgivings. Sometimes there was a kids' table; other times, the plate was just sitting on your lap. You get in where you fit in at that house.''' ,'''At first, I didn't know what to expect but I do say that I love our defensive coordinator, Tim Lewis.''' ,'''I started playing Madden back in 1993 because that was the first year I actually made it into the game and that was a big thrill. When you're in Madden, you've made it, baby.''' ,]
+++