+++
author = "William Baldwin"
title = "William Baldwin Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 William Baldwin Quotes"
keywords = "william baldwin,william baldwin quotes,william baldwin quote,william baldwin sayings,william baldwin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew up as one of six kids.''' ,'''A strong economy causes an increase in the demand for housing; the increased demand for housing drives real-estate prices and rentals through the roof. And then affordable housing becomes completely inaccessible.''' ,'''When you become famous, you start getting invites to parties where there are famous athletes and famous rock stars, politicians, people who have tremendous power and affluence. It's not in my DNA, but certainly I have been exposed to it.''' ,'''I always equate wrestling to having been in the Marine Corps.''' ,'''My dad was a high school teacher and made no money.''' ,'''In terms of instilling the values of mental toughness and work ethic, discipline is the gift that keeps on giving.''' ,'''I love to utilize my celebrity status in a responsible and constructive and substantive manner. I like to get my hands dirty rather than a photo op.''' ,'''I was an activist long before I even entertained the possibility of being an actor.''' ,'''A community is a group of people who have come together, and they work and they live to try and improve the standard of living and quality of life - and I don't mean money.''' ,'''Wrestling is a team sport, and an individual sport all rolled into one.''' ,'''I look for an interesting and often times, fresh character. Something different that what is done all the time or than I've done recently. I look at who is directing. Those two variables as well as a third, which is the content and the quality of the screenplay. I look at the arcs of the scenes and characters and relationships.''' ,'''I could count my modeling jobs on my hands and toes. When I graduated from college, I moved to New York specifically to study acting, and I needed to pay the bills, and it's better to make a couple thousand dollars in one day than to wait tables six days a week.''' ,'''When I wrestled in College, my team was very good.''' ,'''Acting is my career and activism is my passionate hobby. But acting is my livelihood.''' ,'''My dad was my Little League coach and my Cub Master.''' ,]
+++