+++
author = "Tina Turner"
title = "Tina Turner Quotes"
quotes_len = "59"
description = "the best 59 Tina Turner Quotes"
keywords = "tina turner,tina turner quotes,tina turner quote,tina turner sayings,tina turner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to tell people how to live spiritually. After you've bought all your houses and your clothes, you want something bigger.''' ,'''I regret not having had more time with my kids when they were growing up.''' ,'''I'm not wise, but the beginning of wisdom is there; it's like relaxing into - and an acceptance of - things.''' ,'''Sometimes we need help from a god.''' ,'''Delhi came as a shock. There were so many people, and oh, the traffic.''' ,'''In Buddhism there are words you can say... as you say the words with rhythm the conscious tells the subconscious.''' ,'''I'm perfectly fine now if I never went on stage again.''' ,'''I always had long legs. When I was young, I used to think, 'Why do I look like a little pony?'''' ,'''I believe in prayer and in strong belief.''' ,'''My greatest beauty secret is being happy with myself. I don't use special creams or treatments - I'll use a little bit of everything. It's a mistake to think you are what you put on yourself. I believe that a lot of how you look is to do with how you feel about yourself and your life. Happiness is the greatest beauty secret.''' ,'''I've never bothered about my color. I never had that thing about being black. If the whole world was like that, maybe there would be more harmony and love. Maybe. I don't have a problem with being black in a white country or being with my people.''' ,'''But I believe we have a higher level of mentality within us, but we have to use the power in the right way.''' ,'''My mother and father didn't love each other, so they were always fighting.''' ,'''I never put a lot of praise on myself because of my relationship with Ike. I was just happy when I started to like myself - when I divorced and took control of my life.''' ,'''I heard stories from my mother's mother who was an American Indian. She was spiritual, although she did not go to church, but she had the hum. She used to tell me stories of the rivers.''' ,'''You wouldn't believe that I still have the bikers with the caps to the side at my door, ringing the doorbell.''' ,'''I didn't worry about it because I kind of felt I left a good message and memory with the people in terms of my work, and I always felt with a good record, I could always come back.''' ,'''When my parents went off to Knoxville to work, I lived with my father's mother. She was strict - the kind who starched and ironed dresses. I had to sit more than I played. Oh, I was miserable. I liked being out with the animals. I'd come in the house with my hair pulled out, sash off the dress, dirty as heck. I was always getting spanked.''' ,'''I never close a door on any other religion. Most of the time, some part of it makes sense to me. I don't believe everyone has to chant just because I chant. I believe all religion is about touching something inside of yourself.''' ,'''I need that on stage. I need a burst of life. That's entertainment for me.''' ,'''Sometimes in a restaurant you'll see a lady dressed very nice, she picks up a menu or something... a little fan is always a little bit nice.''' ,'''In fact, my parents were church people; my father was a deacon in the church.''' ,'''I never had that thing about being black. If the whole world was like that, maybe there would be more harmony and love.''' ,'''In the USA there is no female equivalent to god.''' ,'''I don't hate myself anymore. I used to hate my work, hated that sexy image, hated those pictures of me onstage, hated that big raunchy person. Onstage, I'm acting the whole time I'm there. As soon as I get out of those songs, I'm Tina again.''' ,'''It just feels like Erwin and me... even at night I don't feel I have to look pretty in bed.''' ,'''For me the goddess is the female of God, She is powerful if different.''' ,'''As I grew up, I learned what worked for me. That's where the short dresses came from. And you can't dance in a long dress.''' ,'''I am attracted to myths.''' ,'''My legacy is that I stayed on course... from the beginning to the end, because I believed in something inside of me.''' ,'''I don't like to dwell on the past.''' ,'''My parents separated when I was younger.''' ,'''Sometimes you've got to let everything go - purge yourself. If you are unhappy with anything... whatever is bringing you down, get rid of it. Because you'll find that when you're free, your true creativity, your true self comes out.''' ,'''I will never give in to old age until I become old. And I'm not old yet!''' ,'''I don't want to be dragging myself on stage, year in year out, until someone else tells me it is time to go. There are certain birthdays that make you revalue your life.''' ,'''Ike's problem was that he was a musician that always wanted to be a star; and was a star, locally, but never internationally... so he then changed the name to Ike and changed my name to Tina because if I ran away, Tina was his name. It was patented as you call it.''' ,'''I don't want to act just to be on the screen doing anything and looking any kind of way.''' ,'''You take your problems to a god, but what you really need is for the god to take you to the inside of you.''' ,'''Physical strength in a woman - that's what I am.''' ,'''Success in America - what I find with my homeland, nothing lasts very long. Europe is different. You're right there with them until you come back.''' ,'''Age is no issue to me. I think 50 is the new 30 and 70 is the new 50. There are no rules that say you have to dress a certain way or be a certain way.''' ,'''My career always took me away from home, I was always away from home and I just wanted to be at home.''' ,'''I know the difference between black magic and white magic.''' ,'''I'm self-made. I always wanted to make myself a better person, because I was not educated. But that was my dream - to have class.''' ,'''This is what I want in heaven... words to become notes and conversations to be symphonies.''' ,'''In Tennessee where I grew up, there were animals, farms, wagons, mules.''' ,'''I want to know what the difference between the essence of a man and woman is.''' ,'''People think my life has been tough, but I think has been a wonderful journey. The older you get, the more you realise it's not what happens, but how you deal with it.''' ,'''There comes a point where it is just undignified to be a rock 'n' roll star.''' ,'''So when it came to role models, I looked at presidents' wives. Of course, you're talking about a farm girl who stood in the fields, dreaming, years ago, wishing she was that kind of person. But if I had been that kind of person, do you think I could sing with the emotions I do? You sing with those emotions because you've had pain in your heart.''' ,'''I am a practicing Buddhist. I have been for 25 years.''' ,'''After I moved with my mother to St. Louis, my older sister and I went to see Ike Turner, who was the hottest then. His music charged me. I was never attracted to him, but I wanted to sing with his band.''' ,'''Movies are movies: they take you back in time, and how it still is for some.''' ,'''I was always attracted to science fiction movies.''' ,'''Well, these days, if you're away five years, you might not be able to get back.''' ,'''Greatest hits is easy because one has nothing to do - except that we both, Roger and I, felt that new songs should be there because I've been away for awhile.''' ,'''I'm pleased with my life, with the journey.''' ,'''I believe that if you'll just stand up and go, life will open up for you.''' ,'''I didn't have anybody, really, no foundation in life, so I had to make my own way. Always, from the start. I had to go out in the world and become strong, to discover my mission in life.''' ,]
+++