+++
author = "Phyllis Schlafly"
title = "Phyllis Schlafly Quotes"
quotes_len = "76"
description = "the best 76 Phyllis Schlafly Quotes"
keywords = "phyllis schlafly,phyllis schlafly quotes,phyllis schlafly quote,phyllis schlafly sayings,phyllis schlafly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''How can we protect homeland security unless the government stops the invasion of illegal aliens?''' ,'''The cornerstone of the political correctness that dominates campus culture is radical feminism.''' ,'''Sex education classes are like in-home sales parties for abortions.''' ,'''Feminism has changed the way women think, and it has changed the way men think, but the trouble is, it hasn't changed the attitudes of babies at all.''' ,'''When it comes to determining child custody, however, sexism is the rule.''' ,'''The United States is a giant island of freedom, achievement, wealth and prosperity in a world hostile to our values.''' ,'''Location is the key to most businesses, and the entrepreneurs typically build their reputation at a particular spot.''' ,'''Obviously, Paul Ryan is not an 'America first' guy.''' ,'''Many professors are Marxists or other varieties of radicals who hate America.''' ,'''The real fight is within the Republican Party to get it to nominate grassroots-type candidates who the public wants, and not just some 'echo' of the other side.''' ,'''You can't be an American if you don't speak English. Our public schools should be mandated to teach all children in English.''' ,'''We need a new leader in Congress who will represent the issues that Donald Trump ran on because they were the winning issues.''' ,'''A country isn't sovereign if we can't control who comes in and who's allowed to come in.''' ,'''Our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by Congress.''' ,'''It would be a tragic mistake for Congress ever to adopt any public or tax policy which encourages mothers to assign child care to others and enter the labor force.''' ,'''After Big Media, U.S. colleges and universities are the biggest enemies of the values of red-state Americans.''' ,'''Big Brother is on the march. A plan to subject all children to mental health screening is underway, and the pharmaceuticals are gearing up for bigger sales of psychotropic drugs.''' ,'''I went through college while working a full-time manual-labor job, and I don't regret a minute of it; it was a great learning experience.''' ,'''In politics, it's more fun to win than it is to lose.''' ,'''A lot of people don't understand what feminism is. They think it is about advance and success for women, but it's not that at all. It is about power for the female left. And they have this, I think, ridiculous idea that American women are oppressed by the patriarchy and we need laws and government to solve our problems for us.''' ,'''American women are so fortunate. When I got married, all I wanted in the world was a dryer so I didn't have to hang up my diapers. And now women have paper diapers and all sorts of conveniences in the home. And it is the man and the technology that has made the home such a pleasant place for women to be.''' ,'''Feminists don't honor successful women. You never hear them talking about Margaret Thatcher. Take Condoleezza Rice. She's a remarkable, successful woman. You don't hear the feminists talk about her or Carly Fiorina or Jeanne Kirkpatrick.''' ,'''I think the main goal of the feminist movement was the status degradation of the full-time homemaker. They really wanted to get all women out of the homes and into the workforce. And again and again, they taught that the only fulfilling lifestyle was to be in the workforce reporting to a boss instead of being in the home reporting to a husband.''' ,'''I would not want to be called a feminist. The feminists don't believe in success for women and, of course, I believe that American women are the most fortunate people who ever lived on the face of the earth, can do anything they make up their minds to do.''' ,'''Bite us once, shame on the dog; bite us repeatedly, shame on us for allowing it.''' ,'''Congress should pass legislation to remove from the federal courts their jurisdiction to hear these outrageous challenges to the Ten Commandments and the Pledge of Allegiance.''' ,'''Suppose the pay gap between men and women were magically eliminated. If that happened, simple arithmetic suggests that half of women would be unable to find what they regard as a suitable mate.''' ,'''Feminism is doomed to failure because it is based on an attempt to repeal and restructure human nature.''' ,'''Now that judges embrace forcibly starving someone to death, Congress should use its appropriation power to starve the judicial budget.''' ,'''What you learn from my life is, first of all, that anybody can be a leader. You can be a leader. I wasn't born that way - I developed it, I worked at it. And also that the grassroots can organize and take on all the powers that be and defeat them. That is the lesson.''' ,'''The European nations' loss of sovereignty to the EU should be a warning to Americans.''' ,'''Our public school system is our country's biggest and most inefficient monopoly, yet it keeps demanding more and more money.''' ,'''Anyone with a child knows that children learn about the world through binary options: up or down, hot or cold, big or little, inside or outside, wet or dry, good or bad, boy or girl, man or woman.''' ,'''It is a mystery why any Americans would support the concept of the EU.''' ,'''The feminist movement is not about success for women. It is about treating women as victims and about telling women that you can't succeed because society is unfair to you, and I think that's a very unfortunate idea to put in the minds of young women because I believe women can do whatever they want.''' ,'''In a world of inhumanity, war and terrorism, American citizenship is a very precious possession.''' ,'''It's not the physical location of birth that defines citizenship, but whether your parents are citizens, and the express or implied consent to jurisdiction of the sovereign.''' ,'''The media has bought into the whole social revolution, the Kinsey ideas, and has been completely taken over by the feminists. And the feminists, I think, are the most destructive elements in our society.''' ,'''It is long overdue for parents to realize they have the right and duty to protect our children against the intolerant evolutionists.''' ,'''Boys are more likely than girls to look at the cost-benefit tradeoff of going to college. The imbalance of far more women than men at colleges has been a factor in the various sex scandals that have made news in the last couple of years.''' ,'''If we don't stop immigration - this torrent of immigrants coming in - we're not going to be America anymore because most of the people coming in have no experience with limited government. They don't know what that is.''' ,'''There's no real substitute for the care of the real mother.''' ,'''ERA means abortion funding, means homosexual privileges, means whatever else.''' ,'''Highly placed New York kingmakers work toward 'convergence' between the Republican and Democratic parties so as to preserve their 'America Last' foreign policy and eliminate foreign policy from political campaigns.''' ,'''I don't think the GOP is going to die; I think Trump is going to revive it.''' ,'''While women prefer to have a higher-earning partner, men generally prefer to be the higher-earning partner in a relationship.''' ,'''Putting women in military combat is the cutting edge of the feminist goal to force us into an androgynous society.''' ,'''No country in history ever sent mothers of toddlers off to fight enemy soldiers until the United States did this in the Iraq war.''' ,'''Much of the demand for women in combat comes from female officers who are eager for medals and promotions.''' ,'''What I am defending is the real rights of women. A woman should have the right to be in the home as a wife and mother.''' ,'''The most dangerous area where our laws are not being faithfully executed are the laws designed to protect Americans against the millions of aliens who enter our country illegally every year.''' ,'''One of the favorite tricks of the Democrats is to try to get the Republicans to pass over their strongest candidate and nominate instead a candidate who will be easy to beat.''' ,'''Forcing women in or near land combat will hurt recruiting, not help.''' ,'''National Standards was not a narrative of past events but was leftwing revisionism and Political Correctness.''' ,'''History offers no evidence for the proposition that the assignment of women to military combat jobs is the way to win wars, improve combat readiness, or promote national security.''' ,'''I think the Con-Con issue is really diversionary. I've always been against Con-Con, from the very first the time the idea was raised. Everybody knows that.''' ,'''Men should stop treating feminists like ladies, and instead treat them like the men they say they want to be.''' ,'''Becoming a resident of a state may confer the right to get a driver's license, but it does not and should not confer citizenship.''' ,'''I simply didn't believe we needed a constitutional amendment to protect women's rights. I knew of only one law that was discriminatory toward women, a law in North Dakota stipulating that a wife had to have her husband's permission to make wine.''' ,'''My college degree is from a great university in 1944. I got my master's at Harvard graduate school, completely co-ed, in 1945. My mother got her college degree in 1920. What's the problem? Those opportunities were always there for women.''' ,'''And the first commandment of feminism is: I am woman; thou shalt not tolerate strange gods who assert that women have capabilities or often choose roles that are different from men's.''' ,'''Long ago when I went to college, campuses were about 70 percent male, and until 1970, it was still nearly 60 percent.''' ,'''When I had a baby, I didn't leave the second floor for six months. I nursed my babies. I was a full-time homemaker. I taught them all how to read before I let them go to school. So I gave them that care in the early life that somehow feminists have been led to believe is demeaning and is not worth the time of an educated woman.''' ,'''Birth on U.S. territory has never been an absolute claim to citizenship.''' ,'''I believe that the worst thing the liberals did in this country was the Lyndon Johnson welfare system, which broke up millions of marriages by funneling taxpayers' money solely to the woman. That made the father and husband irrelevant.''' ,'''Remember, those that wait upon the Lord will rise up with wings like eagles, and they will run and not be weary. And don't you ever be weary, because the battle goes on, year after year, and we need all of you young people to join us in the battle.''' ,'''The purpose of our military is to field the finest troops possible to defend our nation and win wars.''' ,'''Any judge who allows an adulterer with a live-in girlfriend to terminate the life of his wife should be impeached.''' ,'''Of course climate changes. Many changes are due to factors over which humans have no control, such as winds, ocean currents, and sun activity. But the liberals want us to believe that climate change is also caused by gases expelled when humans burn so-called fossil fuels.''' ,'''The most frequent complaint I hear from college students is that professors inject their leftist political comments into their courses even when they have nothing to do with the subject.''' ,'''The worst censors are those prohibiting criticism of the theory of evolution in the classroom.''' ,'''Sexual harassment on the job is not a problem for virtuous women.''' ,'''Every country that has experimented with women in actual combat has abandoned the idea, and the notion that Israel uses women in combat is a feminist myth.''' ,'''There are thousands of Ten Commandments plaques or monuments all over the country, and lawsuits to remove them have popped up in more than a dozen states.''' ,'''Since the women are the ones who bear the babies, and there's nothing we can do about that, our laws and customs then make it the financial obligation of the husband to provide the support. It is his obligation and his sole obligation. And this is exactly and precisely what we will lose if the Equal Rights Amendment is passed.''' ,'''People think that child-support enforcement benefits children, but it doesn't.''' ,]
+++