+++
author = "Robbie Williams"
title = "Robbie Williams Quotes"
quotes_len = "82"
description = "the best 82 Robbie Williams Quotes"
keywords = "robbie williams,robbie williams quotes,robbie williams quote,robbie williams sayings,robbie williams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you want to sell the most records, duet with me. If you need someone to come in and bless your record sales, I'm your man.''' ,'''I've been asked many times if I considered myself a narcissist, so I looked up the real meaning of the word, and I came to the conclusion that indeed I am one. I think of myself as better than other people, not every person, but many, unique and talented, and I aim to success.''' ,'''I don't know about an awful lot of stuff. I'm not educated. I left school when I was 16, with no qualifications. The thing that I do know about is my feelings and what I think of the world and what I think of me.''' ,'''People say you've got to be OK with your own company, but tell me why?''' ,'''I am not as bad as people would suggest. Not as good as I would like to be.''' ,'''I have only one ambition, which is to be famous.''' ,'''I've deliberately tried to calm myself down because eventually I want to be a good role model to my kids.''' ,'''Some of the best times in my life happened under the influence of drugs... I'd still be doing it if I could make good judgement calls. I'd still be doing it if I didn't blow up to the size of an aircraft hangar, because it was a great time.''' ,'''I like to be comfortable, but I do enjoy being a British gent and dressing up a bit.''' ,'''I'm mainstream, and I have pretty chart-tastic tastes. I don't often veer away from a big melodic song with big words for big stadiums.''' ,'''Do I believe in aliens? No. I think there could be. Do I believe in God? No, I think there could be. Do I believe that Jesus actually existed? No. I think he could have done. A few things I've seen. A few things I've read. A few things I've watched have sparked my interest. Do I think it could all be rubbish? Yeah. I do.''' ,'''With the war and everything that's going on, unless you're Susan Sarandon, the best route is to keep your mouth shut. For me it is, anyway!''' ,'''When I'm awake, I don't want to go to sleep. I don't want the hassle of turning the light off, putting my head down and then all the thoughts. I don't want al those thoughts... thoughts feed on thoughts feed on thoughts feed on thoughts feed on thoughts and I'm: 'I don't want this'. I have to knock myself out to go to sleep.''' ,'''I refuse to totally grow up. I've always been someone who says and does things that push politically correct boundaries.''' ,'''People change. I wouldn't like to be accountable for the interviews I've done, or the person I was when I was 20, 21.''' ,'''The entertainment industry and my place in it is a place where you burn brightly for as long as you can.''' ,'''I did the rock 'n roll-pop cliche of getting burnt out. I'm not the first person that happened to, and I'm sure I won't be the last.''' ,'''I think there are ghosts. I haven't seen or heard anything. I've definitely felt something, but it's not scary.''' ,'''There aren't many great adverts for marriage or parenthood. It always looks so stressful, and that's what I've been scared of. What you don't realise is how much you're going to get back.''' ,'''Scientology, Buddhism, the Kabbalah... if it makes people's lives better, and easier, then I'll do it. Why not? People scoffed at Christianity 2,000 years ago, didn't they?''' ,'''The thing about drugs and sex is that you lose all your inhibitions. I've had sex in trains, planes, wine bars... and quite a few car parks!''' ,'''There is a lot of snobbery towards pop music, to me and pop in general - it's kind of a despised art form.''' ,'''Everybody who's anybody has been competitive and over-sensitive and a bit silly. Look at Paul McCartney, look at Elton John. They're jealous of Justin Timberlake. I'm sure they were jealous of me when I was in my imperial phase.''' ,'''I'm still looking for the rules of what is and isn't pop music. I'm pop. I mean, of course I am. What isn't pop? There should be a pop amnesty where everyone reclaims it.''' ,'''I'm really, really enjoying myself, I seem to have a lot of purpose in my life. I'm enjoying what I'm doing, you know, and people are liking it. So, it's great, you know.''' ,'''I enjoy nakedness. I am a bit of a naturist at heart.''' ,'''I can't complain about the support I've been given over the years, but I don't like it slipping away. Nobody says 'I'd like to be a bit less successful next year, please'. Nobody on the planet wants that, and I certainly don't.''' ,'''I have a gigantic ego and need to be at the top of the pile and be doing amazingly well; also, at the same time, I'm just pleased to be anywhere.''' ,'''It's success, not fame, that is quite addictive. I'm addicted to a lot of things and, as it happens, success is one of them.''' ,'''I think you're very lucky to find somebody you can coexist with without straying or going mad or being angry. That's whether you're Liam Gallagher and Nicole Appleton, Robbie Williams and Ayda Field, or Tim and June from down the road.''' ,'''I'm conscious of age, but I'm more suspicious of it than anything.''' ,'''On an emotional level, success in America would be terrible for me; it would be insane. I really, seriously, never want to be famous here.''' ,'''I've had to make friends with an awful lot of bad fashion choices.''' ,'''I've been watching what I eat. When I was putting on all the weight, I was drinking Guinness and not eating. I didn't have room to because I was drinking all the time.''' ,'''I'm a bit hesitant to do anything because I'm actually kind of lazy and I'd like an easier life from now on. The world's a massive place with lots of early mornings and late starts when you're working.''' ,'''An awful lot of gay pop stars pretend to be straight. I'm going to start a movement of straight pop stars pretending to be gay.''' ,'''I'm quite obviously not the world's most handsome man - I'm the second world's most handsome man!''' ,'''When people come out of rehab, they usually go to secondary rehab for another six months and then enter back into society gradually. But I came out and did Top Of The Pops straight away!''' ,'''In Los Angeles, I feel connected to a hubbub of strangeness. And I enjoy that; I like strangeness.''' ,'''I show off - I'm a very good show off. It's what I do, it's what I'm good at.''' ,'''I want a hit. I don't think anybody spends 12 months writing and recording an album, making something cool, and says, 'Great, I hope this doesn't sell.' I don't understand that mind-set. I want hits: a big bunch of them.''' ,'''You know, I am a mainstream person with mainstream tastes, and I want to hear the hits.''' ,'''It's a huge responsibility being a solo act.''' ,'''My dad sent Frank Sinatra a dollar bill to autograph, and when it came back, signed, he had it framed: it was always up on the wall in whatever flat we were in.''' ,'''Perhaps I'm absolutely bonkers and don't know it. Perhaps I'm psychotically mental.''' ,'''There used to be a huge hole in my life that I wrote many albums about. I didn't realise it was a wife-and-daughter-shaped hole. They've plugged that gap. Everything I do, I do for them now. When daddy goes to work, it's daddy going to work, not Rob going to work. I feel like there's a purpose to everything.''' ,'''I'd make a better U.S. president than George W. Bush. Bush is an idiot. I'm a better public speaker than him. It makes you wonder about the voters.''' ,'''I think dysfunctional people are being funneled into very corporate behaviour. Look at the Brits... no one's fighting, and it's boring.''' ,'''I think that, to a lot of people, they don't like my brand of whatever I do. And I think that people - the ones that like me, at least - see me as their brother or their older uncle or their friend or their next door neighbour. I am the quintessential boy next door; I feel that way.''' ,'''To be honest, I don't want No. 1's anymore. Now, don't get me wrong, I wouldn't mind the odd few, but I'd also like a record going in at eight and staying around.''' ,'''I've never, ever, raised a fist to anybody in my life.''' ,'''I like listening to good music - and I can't stop playing my album.''' ,'''Do I think I'm a national treasure? I don't see why not? I don't see why I shouldn't be. I'm a good lad, really.''' ,'''I still find trusting people quite hard. I've got a couple of mates that I do let in, but that's it. It's something I've got to sort out - I cut people off.''' ,'''What happens is I speak to people outside of my circle of friends and they have already formed an opinion of me based on the things that people have written. That is the effect of journalism on my life, and sometimes it isn't very pleasant.''' ,'''There's no point regretting things. If you can't do the time, don't do the crime. Life's too short to worry about things I've said.''' ,'''I couldn't live without my music, man. Or me mum.''' ,'''I spent a lot of my twenties wanting a maid, really. I thought I wanted a relationship, but I just wanted somebody to fix and nurse me, and I'd take her hostage for six months. When you're 23, 24, you want to be in a relationship because they look brilliant - you've heard all the songs about it and seen all the movies and it looks great.''' ,'''The problem is, I don't think I've got too much to offer at the minute. I'm busy working on myself. This sounds like real therapy talk, but it's like, you've got to be happy with yourself before you can go out and get yourself a girl.''' ,'''Because I'm no longer a pop star 24 hours a day, I'm no longer bogged down by the stupid stuff that used to cripple me. I don't bruise easily any more.''' ,'''I'm quite open to the fact that I might be a tinfoil-hat freak.''' ,'''I don't have anything that I treasure at all. They're just things. I tend to buy an awful lot of stuff, like clothes and things. But I wouldn't be bothered if my house burns down tomorrow.''' ,'''I don't think it's important to be that good at singing. I think people who are good at singing sing backing vocals for pop stars. It's about how you project. I wouldn't consider myself to be a singer.''' ,'''I'm not educated. I left school when I was 16, with no qualifications.''' ,'''Depression isn't about, 'Woe is me, my life is this, that and the other', it's like having the worst flu all day that you just can't kick.''' ,'''As a 29-year-old, the only thing that I can possibly think is that if I'm still performing at 50, it's because I'll have had disastrous marriages and I have to pay for them.''' ,'''You've got a beautiful country with so many beautiful people and so many beautiful things happening and stuff like that lets it down. I feel sad for them.''' ,'''There is a history of gay people pretending to be straight. I want to balance the sides. I'm a straight person pretending to be gay. I've had a lot of people to imitate. It's easy when you're British; we're camp by nature, anyway.''' ,'''Look at Paul McCartney, look at Elton John. They're jealous of Justin Timberlake. I'm sure they were jealous of me when I was in my imperial phase.''' ,'''I've lived in L.A. for a long time, and they say, 'If you sit in a barber's shop for long enough, you will get a hair cut.' Well, if you live in Los Angeles for long enough, you're going to get some surgery.''' ,'''It would be great to see somebody like Kid Rock kissing a man. But I'm sure that he wouldn't like the prospect of it put to him, and I won't even go there with Eminem.''' ,'''I come from the tradition of a big Irish family that loves to sing. I love to perform.''' ,'''I like me food. I also don't like me exercising. It's something me don't do very well. But it's something I've got to get into.''' ,'''I'm a fan boy when it comes to Michael Buble. He's just so good at 'it'. He's got a voice of this generation, but he's like a time capsule; he's got a voice that could have fit in anywhere over the last hundred years. It's stellar.''' ,'''I'm constantly doing new stuff, and I want it to be received really well. Who knows what's ego, what's business, what's artistic. It all shifts on a day-to-day basis.''' ,'''I'm a born entertainer. When I open the fridge door and the light goes on, I burst into song.''' ,'''I'm sure that when my daughter will bring home her first boyfriend, I'll be so intimidating that he'll run away, but embarrassing as well, just to have a bit of fun.''' ,'''I feel like I'm always having to justify why I haven't kept in touch with anyone from the old days in Stoke-on-Trent, but I'm like that with anybody. I don't let anybody in. I just rely on myself.''' ,'''Inside me there is a fat man dying to get out.''' ,'''I'm trying to not follow fashion. I don't even like the word. But I do like clothes, and I like nicely cut clothes that last and that are built to be worn for the next 30 years.''' ,'''I can do anything I want to do really, I might as well.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a slag... Some people don't think it's very nice, but I don't care... I've got hormones, and sex is there, so why not? Sex is good. Everybody does it, and everybody should!''' ,]
+++