+++
author = "Quavo"
title = "Quavo Quotes"
quotes_len = "80"
description = "the best 80 Quavo Quotes"
keywords = "quavo,quavo quotes,quavo quote,quavo sayings,quavo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Dabbing was a way of fashion that turned into a dance.''' ,'''We just here to do our job.''' ,'''Shout out to my boy Guwop. We came in the game, and we learned from the best.''' ,'''We just feel like history repeats itself. You ain't never going to see nothing brand new; you're only going to see when records are broken. And we're here to just set records and set trends and follow the footsteps that have been shown to us.''' ,'''We laid the foundation before we went to a major label.''' ,'''We make songs like a factory and put them out.''' ,'''Nobody's gonna care about your stuff the way you do.''' ,'''I'd open doors for anyone who opens doors for me.''' ,'''Being spontaneous is a blessing.''' ,'''I got a record with Frank Ocean.''' ,'''The culture means the younger generation respecting the OGs, but at the same time, bringing it all to the older generation to where they can relate.''' ,'''Whatever makes your head nod, that's want we want to give you.''' ,'''Can't even see without my vintage Versace frames. I don't go nowhere without them on. I can't even live without them. Every time I throw them on, I see all the haters, and I see where the money at.''' ,'''It's a blessing to have fans acknowledging your craft, period.''' ,'''The greatest MCs came out of groups; the greatest singers came out of groups. So you can't tell us we're not MCs.''' ,'''Atlanta embraced us. We have so much respect for them, and they have respect for us.''' ,'''We can't stop anybody from doing what they want to do.''' ,'''I done made music with Makonnen, Frank Ocean. We all make great music.''' ,'''Got your mama and sister dabbing.''' ,'''It should take you 15 minutes to make a song, and then get out of there.''' ,'''Girls run the world.''' ,'''We are creating the new Atlanta, along with Rich Homie Quan and Young Thug. We bring the spaghetti, put it in the bowl, mix it together, and we make the new Atlanta.''' ,'''Men always like what the ladies like.''' ,'''Our fashion style is very legendary and very classic. I feel like it's different, and I feel like everybody got our own different style to bring to the table.''' ,'''I couldn't follow nobody's rules.''' ,'''Our first album didn't work because we tried to be something we're not.''' ,'''We want everybody to be bossed up.''' ,'''I want to thank my momma for pulling up. I want to thank my boys who was with me since day one; thank you for pulling up on me.''' ,'''As artists, we're always going to like the songs we just now made over the songs we made a year ago.''' ,'''History repeats itself. So you might wanna pay attention.''' ,'''I'm just willing to try different things. But you gotta keep it all making sense.''' ,'''I used to get butterflies. Now we're always ready to hit the stage and rock out.''' ,'''Every time we get days off, we try to go home and record five or six songs.''' ,'''We just compare our lifestyle to movies so you can relate to them. When I say, 'I bought a carpet from Aladdin so I could finesse and do magic,' that means I had to get me a new whip or I had to get me something in disguise to work my magic, to finesse, to get out of here.''' ,'''In ninth grade, I played wide receiver.''' ,'''I knew I was going to be somebody.''' ,'''I'm a '90s baby.''' ,'''The crazy thing about the dab is like - dance moves, once you create them, they last forever.''' ,'''The plan is to make money, and we know the fans are going to ask for mixtapes, and those mixtapes are going to hit. So when we put a tape out, we have more money coming in, that's why we work hard at it.''' ,'''If you real from the heart, you real from the heart. That ain't got nothing to do with no sex or gender.''' ,'''We're gonna give you a great show.''' ,'''When you do it yourself, you feel better.''' ,'''Offset's the animal out the group. But he ain't no bad guy.''' ,'''You have to take over your town in order to take over your city.''' ,'''There ain't nothing that we need to be worried about. We just need to be in the right lane where everybody else be in the left lane.''' ,'''We not trying to do what everybody else is doing.''' ,'''I was a fan of T-Pain's music growing up. I bought 'Epiphany' and 'Rappa Ternt Sanga.'''' ,'''I ain't going to sit here like, 'My neighborhood was hard, and I had to get out there and grind.' We made it hard for ourselves. We chose to stay on the streets.''' ,'''I feel like we can learn from each other by us, being the young generation, giving knowledge to the older guys.''' ,'''You gotta give everybody a new trend a new wave, something new to do.''' ,'''Our quarterbacks were getting hurt; a couple got kicked out of school. The coach asked who wanted to try out for QB. I went and tried out, and from there on, I was a quarterback. I was ineligible in 10th grade until spring, so I did baseball. I started in left field and pitched.''' ,'''I'll tell ya, when you open up that can of dab, it's always fresh.''' ,'''We need the world to respect us. They consume a lot of hits and just act like it wasn't... I ain't never seen nobody make these many hits and not get notified for it. And change the game like we did and bring the flow to the game the way we did and not get noticed for it, like the the big way - the real system way.''' ,'''On my first day in office as President Quavo, I'd move my whole family into the White House. Second, I'd pull all the troops back. Third, I'd raise the minimum wage to a good, nice amount so people get paid.''' ,'''We're from Athens, GA.; we're big Bulldog fans, and I remember watching A. J. Green, David Pollock, David Greene. We were big Cowboys and Falcons fans.''' ,'''The people we grew up watching and listening to - Outkast, Gucci Mane, Hot Boys, Lil Wayne, Master P - all that type of stuff, we took those styles and made it our own.''' ,'''We gon' be around for a long time.''' ,'''We always did everything ourselves.''' ,'''We always trend set.''' ,'''We had to get serious and hit all aspects. We had to graduate. That's what you got to do: reach all people across the nation.''' ,'''We the voice of the young world. We the voice of the people.''' ,'''If you want the Migos to come to your venue, you need to have security there because of the type of music we're rappin'. We get fans excited.''' ,'''My mama just accepted everybody with open arms. Everybody knew her.''' ,'''Hip-hop was started on groups.''' ,'''All these police treating our people wrong, man. Black lives matter, but we got fans of all different colors, so all lives matter.''' ,'''You got to expand the sound to expand your horizon and your fanbase.''' ,'''We grew up listening to music like that: we grew up on the snap music, grew up off the trap music, grew up on all the South sound.''' ,'''Girls always make our music go. They set the trends. It starts with the ladies.''' ,'''We want you to pay attention.''' ,'''We knew we were going to do a fashion line at some point.''' ,'''My vision and my creative ability is just so broad.''' ,'''We know the fans love us to death, and the people that hear out music love our music.''' ,'''We gave the world dab fever!''' ,'''Wealth is just consistency... I don't want to be rich. I want to be wealthy.''' ,'''People want to know where I'm going, and I just don't ever know.''' ,'''The artists that we grew up listening to was also independent like Master P, like Birdman and Lil Wayne. Those are the people that we wanted to model ourselves after. Throwing on the Cartier frames, the army-style fatigue jackets.''' ,'''Our music attracts the people that we rap about and make music about, and they come out and actually do it.''' ,'''Straight up. You can't mess with Jay when it's time to come play.''' ,'''We kind of like the new Outkast.''' ,'''We always make music and continue to make hits.''' ,]
+++