+++
author = "Philippe Perrin"
title = "Philippe Perrin Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Philippe Perrin Quotes"
keywords = "philippe perrin,philippe perrin quotes,philippe perrin quote,philippe perrin sayings,philippe perrin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''So it's, I think it's quite, quite unique to fly with somebody with so much experience.''' ,'''And, I think, as a kid, I had a strong motivation to do something of my life. And, I think that's the strongest motivation I really got. And, that came obviously from my parents and my grandparents.''' ,'''Shortly afterwards, I did a third one to repair the robotic arm of the station. This arm plays a very important role in the ongoing expansion of the station as well as in the deployment of solar panels.''' ,'''And everything stopped quite rapidly because I knew that nobody in Europe was able to go to space. It was the privilege of being either American or Russian.''' ,'''I think doing something of your life is something that you've got deep inside, whether it's to, whether you want to be an astronaut or a, whether you want to do science, or whether you want to be a movie star, or whatever.''' ,'''And, you run also video because to fly this arm, you're relying mostly on some external camera views that may be coming from the arm itself or from the station.''' ,'''It's only when you're flying above it that you realize how incredible the Earth really is.''' ,'''This mission was the project of a decade's work.''' ,'''Since there always has to be a certain number of astronauts manning the station at all times, one of the main aspects of the mission was to transport a new team to the station and bring back some members of the previous team back to Earth.''' ,'''Especially when I first really started to work with Kenneth and Franklin, who had been in space already. And so, they were able to talk about space and tell me a few things about how things would really happen.''' ,'''I had been here five years already, training very hard, learning about the systems, the shuttle, the station systems. But, everything really became real when I started to work with them.''' ,'''We also had to bring with us some desired scientific equipment over to the station as well as assemble new machines. For that, I had to conduct two space walks.''' ,'''Yes, I see the Mobile Base System really is the shoulder of the arm. The arm is right there, like a human arm. It's really funny to look at the similarities between a human arm and the Canadian robotics arm.''' ,'''Polytechnique is a school whose multidisciplinary, very high scientific level curriculum is invaluable.''' ,'''The student develops an analytical as well as finely blended character. He is able to choose from a wide variety of job fields from which to embrace a career, without having to be a specialist in one particular discipline.''' ,'''I've been as a pilot involved in the Gulf War. And then, in the No-Fly Zone.''' ,'''So, it takes a lot of chance and luck. I mean I was lucky enough to get in the program where people with the same skills never made it to the program. So keep trying.''' ,'''So, for me, I make no difference whether I'm training with my shuttle crew or the Expedition crew. Of course, I think I want to take more care of the Expedition crew, because they're going to stay there for a long time.''' ,'''It's, I mean, for me, it's the same as training with my crewmembers. We share the same first part of the flight. We all go together. It's the most critical part of the flight, the ascent.''' ,'''I think that witnessing ecological problems visible from space is one of the new and essential roles of astronauts.''' ,'''The last thing, and the only one that you cannot physically train for, is the psychological preparation.''' ,]
+++