+++
author = "Joe Thornton"
title = "Joe Thornton Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Joe Thornton Quotes"
keywords = "joe thornton,joe thornton quotes,joe thornton quote,joe thornton sayings,joe thornton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As a line I think you've always got to constantly talk. You talk about playing for each other.''' ,'''Really, who thinks of living in California as a Canadian kid? You just don't. Now when I go home to Canada to play a game, I am like, 'This weather here sucks.' I used to love it as a kid, but now it's like, 'Wow let's get back to California now.'''' ,'''I'm not trying to reinvent the wheel, I'm just coming out and playing my game.''' ,'''Well, I hate needles and stitches. I'm the biggest wimp when it comes to that stuff. Can't stand it. That little needle is the worst feeling for me. I hate it.''' ,'''As I get older, I think I'm going to continue to be a better player and a better captain.''' ,'''You can't please everybody. If you please 70 percent of the people, that's all you can hope for.''' ,'''If you asked me in my first year would I ever get to my 1,000th game - I thought just getting to 100 would be amazing.''' ,'''As I get older, I think there's going to be more pressure on me, and there should be.''' ,'''I want to be captain.''' ,'''Hey, I love seeing the smiles of my teammates when they score.''' ,'''Being in hockey shape is totally different than any other kind of fitness. You can run and bike and work out all summer and then go on the ice for one shift and you're dead.''' ,'''I never remember being self-conscious about my body. That just comes from being in a locker room for so long.''' ,'''For me, I'll think about Gord Downie every day. Every day until I die, probably. I think about him, I listen to him and he's one guy I'll think about all the time. He's that powerful and, yeah... just The Man, what can I say?''' ,'''To have the luxury of passing to two goal-scorers is something I enjoy. You look forward to coming to the rink because you know you've got two finishers on your line.''' ,'''I couldn't be happier in San Jose. They're a class organization.''' ,'''I thought I was going to be a Bruin my whole career, so it was really tough to leave. But you just have to pick up and move on, and I've done that.''' ,'''The Shark Tank was one of the best buildings to play in, and we had a lot of memories there.''' ,'''As a line I think you have to work as a three-man unit.''' ,'''I hate when people litter.''' ,'''I'm just really passionate about the game of hockey. It's all I know and I love it.''' ,'''Nothing comes easy in life.''' ,'''I've been lucky to play with so many great players, to be coached by so many great coaches and lucky enough to be healthy enough for so many years.''' ,'''Growing up close to Detroit, my brother is a huge Red Wing fan, my dad was a huge Gordie fan.''' ,'''I don't have Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or any of that stuff.''' ,'''Growing up, I wanted to play with the bigger kids, so having two brothers, you had to stick your nose in there and try your best; you get the worst of everything, though.''' ,'''I guess I don't think sometimes, and sometimes that's a good thing and sometimes that's a bad thing.''' ,'''I remember all the older guys, when I started playing, telling me how fast it all goes by. I remember being an 18-year-old and going, 'Whoa, this is the NHL. And it just flies right by, so just enjoy every day.'''' ,'''In a day when you can kind of choose where you can play, Northern California is the place for me.''' ,'''Obviously, being a hockey fan, I always bought all of the hockey games, so that makes this 'NHL 2K7' cover even more special to me.''' ,'''I like practicing every day, you get better by practicing.''' ,'''I hate slow drivers and slow golfers.''' ,'''Playing Risk - it's a perfect night before you go to bed.''' ,'''There are a lot of good teams that don't make the postseason.''' ,'''I'm really good. I'll tell you that all day.''' ,'''I don't think there's any less on the line in the Olympics than there is any other time.''' ,'''It's fun playing against world-class players. It makes you compete harder.''' ,'''Just the city of Stockholm was really, really nice. Walking around the city was pretty cool.''' ,'''Now, as a 29-year-old, you're a little bit different than a 26-year-old. But I actually felt really comfortable in Boston. I felt that I was one of the best players in the league at the time. I thought Boston was going to be the home for me for the rest of my career.''' ,'''You need somebody to be firm with you and hard on you and watch you progress.''' ,'''The shootout after overtime is a great idea, so nobody goes home with a tie.''' ,'''I've lived and breathed hockey my entire life.''' ,'''I like winning games.''' ,'''It's one of those things that when you hear about the games played by Gordie Howe, you think it's one of those things that's untouchable. He was part of the League for so long. You wouldn't have dreamed of anybody touching that milestone. So when you're beating one of Mr. Hockey's records, it's impressive.''' ,'''I know I'm a great player.''' ,'''As far as leadership goes, the older you get the more comfortable you feel in your skin.''' ,'''Whenever you put on the Canadian jersey, it's an honor and it would be a huge honor to represent us at the Olympics.''' ,'''I have a big frame to fend off some defenders and buy some time as I wait for guys to get open.''' ,'''I remember being one of the younger guys and one of the older guys would say, 'Hey, boys, you got to enjoy the moment, enjoy the ups and downs, because it goes by real fast.' You never really register that. You're just in the moment.''' ,'''I really do enjoy coming to the rink and working hard, putting the time in as you need when you get older. But the ultimate thing is you want to win the Stanley Cup.''' ,'''Playing in the NHL, year by year, you learn to deal with things a little better.''' ,'''I'm going to play as long as I can because I love coming to the rink.''' ,'''I think playing a long time with somebody, we know each other's tendency in our sleep.''' ,'''I see myself as a Shark.''' ,'''As a young player, you really don't know if players look up to you, and maybe you're not sure how to be in the locker room.''' ,'''I've been playing hockey games since the Sega Genesis way back when.''' ,'''I'm trying to help out with the power play and work hard every night. I'm not the miracle worker.''' ,'''Every line expects to do big things when they're on the ice.''' ,'''I've been obsessed with hockey ever since I can remember.''' ,'''Hockey players are a different breed.''' ,'''I feel the sky is the limit for myself.''' ,'''Sure, I'd like to play until I'm 40 and even maybe a bit older.''' ,'''Leadership comes a little bit easier with age.''' ,'''You get a rib injury and it hurts to breathe. If you sneeze, you think you're gonna die.''' ,'''I always take a shower before I play just to kind of wake up. Then I stretch.''' ,'''You go out and play hard, no matter what.''' ,'''I'm comfortable with my shirt off.''' ,'''For a passer that's probably the key, having the Jonathan Cheechoos, the Glen Murrays, the Joe Pavelskis, the Patty Marleaus, the list goes on and on and on the guys that I've played with over the years who put the puck in the back of the net.''' ,'''It's an honor playing in this League and I have always felt that.''' ,'''I don't know how many years I can play, but I want to retire as a Shark.''' ,'''Obviously, when you don't win, things have to change.''' ,'''I've been a hockey fan since '84, probably.''' ,'''Play with no fear. Just enjoy the game.''' ,'''I've always been really good at staying in the moment my whole career. I just stay within myself.''' ,'''You rarely see any team stay the same.''' ,'''With a team that's tight, that's close, we enjoy playing for each other. And it's going to find success.''' ,'''I'm a quick healer.''' ,'''I like my body. There's nothing great about it, but I'm stuck with it and I don't mind it.''' ,'''I love to play.''' ,'''I was a shy kid and really didn't know how to express myself.''' ,'''Everybody in Canada watches it, everybody in Canada talks about it. Obviously, the NHL is not going on, so when you have an Olympics, the entire focus is on the Canadian team.''' ,'''Me, I like to pass.''' ,'''I care deeply for Patty. He has the biggest heart and an infectious laugh when he laughs. He has a great sense of humor. You just hope that you're allowed to have a friend like Patrick Marleau because it really is special.''' ,'''Found out I'm actually a pretty good teacher.''' ,'''I've never been a guy who is really wound up and out to prove people wrong.''' ,'''I put more pressure on me than anyone else in Boston or on Team Canada.''' ,'''Nothing is won on your first shift and nothing is lost on your first shift, so it's about keeping things in perspective.''' ,'''I think to get first in your division you've got to have a lot of depth, a lot of character, a lot of skill, a lot of competitiveness.''' ,'''The wife is the best cook, so I've been leaving the cooking to her.''' ,'''Without the red line, I think it's going to be a lot more exciting game, and I think you're going to get more scoring chances.''' ,'''I played my heart out for the Bruins every shift, and that's all you can ask for.''' ,'''Every day, just enjoy it. It goes by so fast. But put the work in and you'll be rewarded.''' ,'''I've played with a lot of good goal scorers in my career and a lot of good players.''' ,'''Hockey is definitely a huge sport in Boston.''' ,'''I've been with Team Canada for a lot of World Cups and World Championships, and to be part of an Olympic team would be a huge thrill for me.''' ,'''Boston is the first major city I ever lived in. I spent eight great years there and I grew up there. I wouldn't change it for anything.''' ,'''I wake up every morning and say, 'I get to go play hockey.' It really is that cool for me.''' ,'''When you see pictures of Gordie even at 50, you could see he was just a powerful man. You see Patty Marleau and he's built too. He's very durable because he's so strong, very flexible, but ultimately he puts in the work during the offseason. He doesn't take a day off and he's always trying to get better. He never takes a second off.''' ,'''I love San Jose.''' ,'''In the summer, I would play street hockey every day with my cousins and my brothers. And in the winter we'd play on the backyard rink.''' ,'''The best vacation would be just hanging around and partying with the Cup.''' ,]
+++