+++
author = "Nia Vardalos"
title = "Nia Vardalos Quotes"
quotes_len = "94"
description = "the best 94 Nia Vardalos Quotes"
keywords = "nia vardalos,nia vardalos quotes,nia vardalos quote,nia vardalos sayings,nia vardalos saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do recommend it for all girls, and boys, out there: put on a pair of fishnet stockings and find your inner sexiness!''' ,'''I don't like it if I act anything other than the humble Winnipegger I was raised to be.''' ,'''Let's face it: Russell Crowe is fat and no one ever talks about it.''' ,'''On my daughter's first day of kindergarten, another mom said something that made me realize I had become my own Greek, suffocating mother. She said, 'Just think, in 13 years they'll leave us and go to college!' And I went, 'Gulp.'''' ,'''The white hot publicity that came from 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' was appreciated but not sought, so I was happy to walk away from it and then write.''' ,'''I had worked for ten years in theater; I had worked at Second City in Chicago. Then I got to Hollywood, and I was like, naively, 'Where's my pilot?'''' ,'''Ever since I became a parent, time moves far too quickly. My vision always feels like I'm wearing giant kaleidoscope-goggles.''' ,'''I started in Shakespeare. I'm classically trained, which, how hilarious is that? Then one night, I saw Second City and thought, 'Wow, that's what I want to do.' But I never thought it would morph into screenplay writing.''' ,'''We live in an unsafe world.''' ,'''I have always written from a personal place.''' ,'''We were so unprepared that when my husband took off to get groceries, and we'd adopted a 3-year-old, he came back with baby formula, a steak and a teething ring. We had no idea what we were doing. But you learn. There's no way to fully prepare. Just eyes wide open - jump.''' ,'''My New Year's Resolution List usually starts with the desire to lose between ten and three thousand pounds.''' ,'''If you create a fun environment, people will take liberties and grow and expand. And then you'll get your final screenplay in my favorite style, which is 'tossed away' - as if the actor just thought of it.''' ,'''I've had designers say to my face, 'Oh, I want to dress you now that you're skinny.' And that's really rude.''' ,'''There's this constant guilt that comes with parenting. You always feel like you're never enough. If you're confident in your parenting, you probably suck at it.''' ,'''I'm a private person who doesn't relish making her personal life public.''' ,'''My family knows everything about me. There are no secrets, which can be suffocating, but I also find comfort in it. You can always reach out an arm, and an aunty will be close by to tell you that your skirt is too short.''' ,'''I thought I was attractive when I shot 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding.' Studio executives and movie reviewers let me know I had a confidence in my looks that was not shared by them.''' ,'''I consider myself a fearless idiot.''' ,'''We would not have 'America's Funniest Home Videos' without drunk brides and grooms falling into cakes.''' ,'''I don't temper how I feel. I'm Greek. I've got emotions.''' ,'''I think our skin clears up and we're nicer when you are in love.''' ,'''America was founded on immigrants. The immigrant experience is common to all of us.''' ,'''I was in a fertility situation publicly, so I disappeared. I was very satisfied just being to able to creatively express myself with writing. The white hot publicity that came from 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' was appreciated but not sought, so I was happy to walk away from it and then write.''' ,'''It was a sad process for me to become a mom, and a long process. I felt so embarrassed that I couldn't have a biological child.''' ,'''I think it's almost easier to do a kissing scene with someone you don't know.''' ,'''There are benefits to adopting a toddler. They can tell you what's wrong. And - everything we did with our daughter was a first. Her first tooth fairy. Santa.''' ,'''On November 15th, 2008, in over 300 cities, 4,000 children were adopted in one day.''' ,'''I have had the same person show up in a few cities with flowers. A lovely gentleman who gave me a picture of himself. I came home, gave it to Ian, and said, 'If I go missing, here's the guy.'''' ,'''I thought I was attractive when I shot 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding.' Studio executives and movie reviewers let me know I had a confidence in my looks that was not shared by them. In other words, they labeled me with words like overweight, unattractive, unappealing.''' ,'''I couldn't get an acting job to save my life when I moved to L.A.''' ,'''It wasn't easy to adopt an American child. Actually it's quite simple, but finding out how to do it was the hard part.''' ,'''Like most women, I thought it would be easy once I decided to start a family. I was surprised that Mother Nature kept poking me in the eye, saying, 'Nope, nope, nope.'''' ,'''My favorite part of any playdate comes later when I get to carry my exhausted and sleeping daughter to the car. Is there anything more trusting than a sleeping child completely and utterly leaning into your body?''' ,'''I'm only happy when people are eating.''' ,'''We absolutely have to support our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters. We just must. It's not fair that they don't get to live an authentic life.''' ,'''On the publicity tour of 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding,' I was asked over and over again, if, as the writer, I felt it was a fair depiction of real life to have someone of my er, below average looks, hook up with hottie John Corbett.''' ,'''I was worried if you adopted a foster child, someone from the birth family could still come and take her back. I was afraid that any child in foster care might have suffered such trauma or neglect that she would be impossible to reach. I'm not proud of these fears. But I understand now when others ask me the same questions.''' ,'''When I write something, I constantly rewrite.''' ,'''I have found that every family has a strange remedy for any situation - from 'Use Fantastic to get the scuff off your patent leather shoes!' to 'Soak an aspirin in a glass of water to get rid of a migraine.'''' ,'''I do get approached every day by people who say, 'Why don't you make more movies?' I don't really miss it when I get to go and watch my daughter in the Christmas pageant.''' ,'''I believe that there are moments in everyone's lives where a door flings open, and if you're terrified of what's on the other side, you must walk through it.''' ,'''Women are so many things. We're sisters, mothers, wives. There are so many things we encompass.''' ,'''I believe that you will not get what you want unless you ask for it.''' ,'''Women have to write for each other; we have to hire each other.''' ,'''I write through improvisation. I never card out a movie. You know how people will outline or card? I don't do that. I tend to start with an idea and go.''' ,'''It's called show business for a reason. The theater owners want to make money, and understandably so.''' ,'''When I wanted to go away to college in Toronto, my dad said, 'You can't go.' When I got to Toronto, I bought a couch, and my dad cried for the whole weekend because, as my mum told me, 'Now you have furniture; he knows you are never coming back.'''' ,'''My daughter is a preschooler but I have only known her for a while. She is adopted.''' ,'''I think it's probably a universal experience that all parents think they're not hovering, but perhaps we all are.''' ,'''I feel that the industry can be sliced into two categories - grateful actors and non-grateful actors. I'm always so appreciative that this has happened for me - and against all odds - as a middle child from Canada. I'm very grateful.''' ,'''My blood sugar went out of control. Diabetes runs in my family, so I went to see my doctor. He was like, 'Buck up,' and it was sort of the wake-up call that I needed to hear.''' ,'''There's a feeling sometimes in motherhood that you're alone in what you're going through, and none of us are alone. We're all going through the same thing.''' ,'''My husband is an only child of only child parents.''' ,'''I have no idea how to use social media for anything other than forwarding a good fart joke.''' ,'''Our daughter was not damaged or hurt in any way. She was simply relinquished to foster care by two people who were not ready to be parents. I admire them for giving her the chance for a better life. And I am grateful they gave my husband and me the opportunity to be parents.''' ,'''I think the goal is parity: I try to be pro-woman without being anti-man, and I hope and wish that men could do the same in that when they look at the screenplay, they say, 'Wait, wait, wait - is my daughter represented here, is my wife represented here? Is my sister represented?'''' ,'''What I wish I had, is that I wish I was a little more Greek, in that I wish I could lose my North American driven attitude and that I could be a little bit more poetic and laissez faire.''' ,'''Every time I sign a contract, I donate something to charity and buy a piece of jewelry. Whether the movie gets made or not, it's a celebration.''' ,'''I was a very studious student and usually got A's. I did not like school, because I wasn't popular - I was a nerd.''' ,'''When I used to do musical theatre, my dad refused to come backstage. He never wanted to see the props up close or the sets up close. He didn't want to see the magic.''' ,'''You only get one life so you might as well make it a happy one, and that's why I tend to just jump into things. I'm sort of a fearless idiot that way.''' ,'''And (cue music swell) motherhood turned out to be the most meaningful thing I've ever done with my life. Really.''' ,'''The candid and honest and pure heartedness of children has strengthened my views that we are all equal and should be afforded the basic human rights that we all deserve.''' ,'''I never card out a movie. You know how people will outline or card? I don't do that. I tend to start with an idea and go.''' ,'''I don't card out my screenplays ever. I just have an idea I just sit down and write I don't edit.''' ,'''Absolutely, I don't believe in rules. As I tell my daughter when she is mischievous, 'Well-behaved women rarely make history.'''' ,'''I love romance. I think our skin clears up and we're nicer when you are in love.''' ,'''You're not ethnic enough. You're not fat enough. You're not thin enough. You're not blond enough. You're not dark enough. You're not young enough. You're not old enough.''' ,'''You're as strong as the actors you're working with, your partners.''' ,'''Socially, the issue of men's weight is simply not a big deal.''' ,'''My heroes in real life are definitely my mom for being true to herself, for having a foot in both worlds, for being so very polite - Canadian and also such a traditional Greek woman. I would sum it up this way: the life lesson she would say is be polite while you're breaking the rules.''' ,'''I feel that the industry can be sliced into two categories - grateful actors and non-grateful actors.''' ,'''Lately, I've been in meetings regarding a new script idea I have. A studio executive asked me to change the female lead to a male, because... 'Women don't go to movies.' Really?''' ,'''Socially, the issue of men's weight is simply not a big deal. Let's face it: Russell Crowe is fat, and no one ever talks about it. Alec Baldwin just orders his suits a size bigger, and we continue to swoon.''' ,'''I did go through a bit of a dark time during the years I was trying to be a mom. But I'm basically a very positive person.''' ,'''I think there is a moment in every parent's life where we realize that we have lost ourselves a little bit. It's a moment of looking in the mirror and going, 'I need to put on some lipstick.'''' ,'''I believe that if I come home from a stressful day on the set, I just have to leave it there.''' ,'''The popular girls let me hang out with them because I was funny. They told me that. 'You're not popular, but you're funny.' Now all my friends are funny.''' ,'''I'm not one of those people that can suddenly start running and hire a Pilates trainer; it's just not my thing.''' ,'''In many ways we are all sons and daughters of ancient Greece.''' ,'''I'd been raised by my parents who taught me not to think you're better than you are.''' ,'''It's impossible for success to go to your head with a Greek mom - no way.''' ,'''My mum came to the set of my second movie 'Connie and Carla,' and she had made food for the whole cast, including mini bun cakes with little flowers sticking out of each one.''' ,'''Don't settle; don't compromise. Freeze your eggs, get your sociology doctorate, worry more about war and pestilence and the incredible inequality of geographical birth than finding your soulmate.''' ,'''The media was always so focused on the money a movie makes. But I was in Times Square, and a bunch of Japanese tourists looked at me and started shouting, 'Toula!' I loved it. It's these tiny moments of connection that register with me the most and always have.''' ,'''I grew up looking for myself onscreen and never could find myself. And I believe that I am supposed to be Toula to show people that it's O.K. to be different.''' ,'''You're never too fat for a new purse.''' ,'''We must make choices that are outside of the familial expectations of us, or we'll just be repeating the mistakes. Our parents came here to give us better choices.''' ,'''I don't work that much because I am selective.''' ,'''Because I am a character actor, I thought I would be the fourth or eighth banana on a sitcom, and that would be OK.''' ,'''You can spend an entire summer in Europe, and no one will ask you what you do for a living.''' ,'''I'm not proud of this, but I had a lot of misconceptions about American foster care. To me, foster care meant that a child would be placed with you, then taken away. I didn't want to go through all of that.''' ,'''It's not like suddenly, when you become a working actor all your friends are in the same situation. I have friends who are still handing out flyers for their one-woman show and trying to make ends meet.''' ,]
+++