+++
author = "Nick Swardson"
title = "Nick Swardson Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Nick Swardson Quotes"
keywords = "nick swardson,nick swardson quotes,nick swardson quote,nick swardson sayings,nick swardson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you live the life of a comedian, it's such a state of arrested development. I can't deal with anything very maturely. I'm still really bad at paying bills or doing anything that would be considered semi-adult. I'm really bad at it. It's weird I can create and run a TV show, but I can't pay my phone bill.''' ,'''For me, honestly, one of the first movies I did I was always pounding coffee, and I crashed so horribly. So I've kind of weaned myself off. You keep getting second and third winds. But for me, I've stopped doing energy drinks or any kind of stimulant. I just kind of go natural.''' ,'''I always thought that the fastest way for me to get ahead and get noticed and to do well was to make my act very accessible. When I first started, I talked about family stuff, my dog, my cat. It was all I knew back then; I wasn't forcing anything, but I wasn't like, 'Hey, don't you hate doing homework?'''' ,'''No one will ever be as good as Phil Hartman. He was such an amazing genius, and may be the best sketch performer of all time.''' ,'''If you want to be a comedian, go out. Do a week in Des Moines, Iowa. Try to make those people laugh.''' ,'''Improv plays such a huge role in finding great lines - you'll be surprised at what comes out of your mind inadvertently. A lot of times it's better than a script you've worked out ahead of time.''' ,'''I'm developing more stuff in my voice, more Nick Swardson. It's me as myself in a sense and kind of in my voice, no accent no affectation. I'm growing into my own persona.''' ,'''I started in the club route. I did the alternative scene later on. When I lived in New York, I did the Luna Lounge and stuff, where Janeane Garofalo and David Cross and all those guys worked out of, but I came from a comedy club background. I'm proud of that background. I'm one of the people that really crossed over and did both.''' ,'''Improv kind of goes hand in hand with what I do. I was on 'Reno 911!' for six years, and that was a completely improvised show.''' ,'''Most sketch aficionados have an enormous amount of respect for 'Mr. Show.' I didn't have HBO back then, so I was always trying to find episodes. Bob Odenkirk and David Cross became celebrities, and Jay Johnston - who's lesser known, but brilliant - deserves a lot of credit, too.''' ,'''Comedy is so subjective, you know what I mean? To sit there and technically pick it apart is so stupid.''' ,]
+++