+++
author = "Matt Kemp"
title = "Matt Kemp Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Matt Kemp Quotes"
keywords = "matt kemp,matt kemp quotes,matt kemp quote,matt kemp sayings,matt kemp saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I never got used to getting hurt and watching games on the bench. So, it's a little frustrating for me to sit there and watch my guys go out there and play every day.''' ,'''More money gives me the chance to help more people, to give something back.''' ,'''When I spend money on myself, it's almost always on shoes and clothes. I'm addicted to shoes. I always have been, since I was a kid. When I was young, I could never get the shoes I really wanted.''' ,'''Beast Mode doesn't make excuses. It doesn't complain. Whatever you're doing, go out there and get it done. Keep pushing. If I have a bad game, I think about what I have to do to return to form. Figure it out, go to sleep, and wake up a new man.''' ,'''I don't make excuses if I play bad. I just try to find a way to deal with it. I learned that from my family, to deal with your problems and still be good at what you do.''' ,'''If you do a full-on workout and then eat McDonald's or Wendy's, you're defeating the purpose. If you put good things into your body while working out, you'll see results.''' ,'''A lot of people out there get hounded about things that are going on in their lives. You just find ways to handle it and go on about your business.''' ,'''Everything is repetition in baseball. When you get all out of whack and do something different, you feel weird.''' ,'''L.A. has always been home.''' ,'''Somebody had asked me how it was to be in Atlanta, and I said that Atlanta had always been known as a Braves city, a baseball town.''' ,'''That's what we all play for, is to play in the postseason.''' ,'''When you think positive, good things happen.''' ,'''I've been a Lakers fan since growing up in Oklahoma. My hometown's finally got the Thunder, which is really exciting, but I've still got to stick with the Lakers.''' ,'''I don't do stuff to be a star. I do it because I feel it's important for kids, African American kids, to see an African American face that plays baseball.''' ,'''If I'm in the car after a bad game, I may think about ways I need to improve. But the second I reach home, the game's over. Work doesn't come inside with me. Same thing in reverse - I don't bring my personal life into the ballpark. Learning to keep it all separate has made life easier.''' ,'''I don't think the guys I played with have ever had a problem with me. People can make up what they want to think.''' ,'''If I could do it over, I'd want to come up to the big leagues like Mike Trout. He's exciting and I like watching him.''' ,'''I don't think some athletes understand how big it is to be an athlete, what they can do with just a simple gesture of shaking a kid's hand. It can make a fan's day. It can make a fan's life.''' ,'''L.A. kinda raised me a little bit as a 21-year-old kid from Oklahoma.''' ,'''I'm always telling people baseball needs to be more prominent in the African American community. What a better way to do so, going on these TV shows and appearing on the cover of this or that. Now kids can see how baseball can change your life. Frank Thomas did that for me.''' ,'''I don't go out with the plan, 'Let me find a celebrity to go date.' That's just not something you do. I'm just looking for a good person, someone who can be my friend, and someone I can have fun with. She doesn't have to be a celebrity; she can be a regular chick. She's got to be smart, though. I like smart women.''' ,'''We definitely weren't poor growing up, but we weren't rich.''' ,'''That's just never been me - 'Oh, this is hurt; that's why I'm playing like this.' That's just not the type of person I am.''' ,'''I've always liked shoes. I peep everybody's shoes out to see what they're rocking.''' ,'''People make up things. If you ask the guys in this clubhouse I played with, I've never been a troublemaker. I don't know where that came from.''' ,'''I'm just going to live my life the way I want to.''' ,'''I would never disrespect the fans that helped me get to who I am.''' ,'''Fans - they want to see results. I've been a fan before. I get it. But I see the bigger picture, too. I would never say an athlete sucks after they've been good, because you don't know what they're going through. They might be going through something that they can't shake.''' ,'''I don't think people understand what microfracture surgery is. It's pretty serious. A lot of basketball players get it in their knees, and if they do bounce back, it takes a while.''' ,'''In Hollywood, for me, it's all about the movie stars and the singers. Baseball players don't draw too much attention; we're low key. I'm good with faces and sometimes bad with names, but I'll walk up to somebody if I know who they are... show them some love.''' ,'''Sometimes I forget how much people look at you as their hero. I forget that.''' ,'''I love L.A., but you can get into a lot of trouble out here.''' ,'''I never want to sit out. I want to play baseball games.''' ,'''I get bored real easy. I'm so used to L.A. and the pace that when I go home now I start thinking, 'Something's not right, something's not feelin' right.' I just gotta do what I gotta do in Oklahoma and get back to the fast-paced city.''' ,'''I feel like you can tell a lot by a person's shoes.''' ,'''I love being around kids, and I love to see them happy.''' ,'''There's nothing like Opening Day in Dodger Stadium. You can't really describe it.''' ,'''You never know what God has in his plans for you.''' ,'''Frank McCourt is a great guy.''' ,'''I love looking and seeing what kind of shoes women wear. I think that tells me if a person knows what they're doing. To me, shoes are... If I like your shoes, and you're pretty, that's a good quality. As well as being confident.''' ,'''I've been traded a couple times, but I've enjoyed the experience of new cities and cultures and all types of things.''' ,]
+++