+++
author = "Betty Who"
title = "Betty Who Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Betty Who Quotes"
keywords = "betty who,betty who quotes,betty who quote,betty who sayings,betty who saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want it all. I want the Pepsi endorsement. I want the arena shows. I want Times Square!''' ,'''My intent for EPs - and, really, my philosophy on my music - is that every single song has to be worth it.''' ,'''I still feel like the 10-year-old dancing in front of her mirror, mostly to 'No Strings Attached.'''' ,'''Whether or not cutting my hair was the right decision, it empowered me.''' ,'''I don't do filler songs. I don't get them. They don't make any sense to me. Why would I literally waste my time on a song that doesn't hold up to the same standards as the other songs on the album? I won't play it live.''' ,'''I'm very much half-American - my mom is American. I grew up in Australia until I was 16, then I finished high school over here because I got into this performing arts high school.''' ,'''I'm definitely not pushing to find who can I write with or produce with, but of course I'm open to something if it comes up.''' ,'''To avoid sounding like a cliche, I won't say I want to get proposed to in Paris, but Paris. I want it to happen somewhere public where people can be excited that I just got proposed to, and everyone applauds, like in a restaurant - that, or somewhere totally secluded... in Paris.''' ,'''I think it's so important as an artist to stand up for what you believe in, and I think that if equal rights is something that you really believe in, and you have a voice that people listen to, and you need to share that - I think that's really important.''' ,'''I was always obsessed with other performers doing their thing, and Britney 'Live in Las Vegas' from 2001 is my absolute favorite tour DVD of all time.''' ,'''I don't think of Home Depot as romantic, but I do think the Christmas wonderland they put up during the holidays is magical. That is what Home Depot is to me, and that is the only romantic thing about it.''' ,'''I'm a pretty aggressive girl in general. So if there's a boy that I like, you're going to know how I feel. I just put it out there.''' ,]
+++