+++
author = "Fidel Edwards"
title = "Fidel Edwards Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Fidel Edwards Quotes"
keywords = "fidel edwards,fidel edwards quotes,fidel edwards quote,fidel edwards sayings,fidel edwards saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I haven't tried to model myself on anyone. I have my own action, and that suits me.''' ,'''God is good, and my health is in his hands.''' ,'''I am training a lot harder, gym a lot, more muscle, strengthening my back, my legs, my muscles, my weak areas a lot.''' ,'''I like to let the ball do the talking.''' ,'''I don't bowl to hit people; I bowl to get wickets.''' ,'''One of my aims is to be the fastest and regarded as the best fast bowler in the world.''' ,'''I try to keep the ball up to the bat, and I usually get the ball to outswing, so I get wickets like that.''' ,'''For me, David Warner isn't just the future of Australian batting, he's the future for cricket in general because he can excel in any form of the game. I'm excited just watching him.''' ,'''A team needs experienced cricketers to guide its younger players.''' ,'''It is going to be difficult for the West Indies to get back to the top, but we got to start somewhere, and if playing young players is the way we have decided to go, these young players must be given the chance to mature and develop and not be discarded at an early age.''' ,'''I don't have any complaints. I cannot say I miss playing for the West Indies that much.''' ,'''You have to be smart on your feet. It will be hard on wickets where the ball will keep low. Hopefully, you can get one to fly, and that puts doubts in the batsman's mind.''' ,'''I was away from the game for a few years, and it feels good to be back. I'm bowling quite well and also getting the ball to reverse swing. During the time off, I worked a lot on getting the ball to reverse swing; now it's working well for me.''' ,'''I do enjoy batting - if the bowling's not quick!''' ,'''I felt I bowled well for Barbados, and that helped me.''' ,'''In Twenty20s, you have to bowl a lot fuller, especially at the death, and you've got to be mindful of what you're doing. But it's still cricket.''' ,'''I love to play Test cricket; it's the main cricket.''' ,'''My first love is football. When I get the chance, I play football for fitness.''' ,'''The late Runako Morton had some pretty dodgy clothes.''' ,'''Any win is good for a team that has been losing.''' ,'''I found it quite funny when my teacher at secondary school saw me bowl and wanted me to throw the javelin. So I tried, and I kept hitting the back of my head!''' ,'''Being selected for West Indies actually changed my life.''' ,'''It is good to make my comeback in Jamaica after not playing for so long.''' ,'''My aim has always been to be at the top.''' ,'''Test cricket should be No. 1 for every cricketer.''' ,'''I'm delighted to have signed for such an ambitious club as Hampshire. I'm very much looking forward to my first taste of county cricket. It's also an honour to follow other Bajans like Malcolm Marshall and Gordon Greenidge to Hampshire.''' ,'''I played cricket at primary school but hardly at all at high school. I was more of a footballer.''' ,'''I have some goals I'm looking to achieve, and one thing is to help the team win and move back up the ladder. This is vitally important to the team overall and to the supporters of West Indies cricket.''' ,'''I did a lot of good work with my trainer and the physio in Barbados, and they were tremendous help to me during my comeback period.''' ,'''Taking part and helping West Indies win the World T20 in 2012 - I'll never forget the feeling. The celebrations afterwards were crazy, a massive all-nighter.''' ,]
+++