+++
author = "Bob Parsons"
title = "Bob Parsons Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Bob Parsons Quotes"
keywords = "bob parsons,bob parsons quotes,bob parsons quote,bob parsons sayings,bob parsons saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would say everything in our life in the next 25 years is going to be tied into the Internet, and it's going to be the place for communications, for education, for conducting business and everything.''' ,'''A domain name is your address, your address on the Internet. We all have a physical address; we're all going to need an address in cyberspace. They're becoming increasingly important. I believe we'll get to the point where when you're born, you'll be issued a domain name.''' ,'''The Internet has changed everything. We expect to know everything instantly. If you don't understand digital communication, you're at a disadvantage.''' ,'''I've never worked to make money. I understand we've got to eat and all that, but I never said I want to be a multimillionaire or a billionaire. To me, that's of no significance. I work to have the accomplishment.''' ,'''What I learned from Rockefeller that's off-the-hook important is: You need to know exactly where you stand in a business at all times. Measure everything, because everything that is measured and watched improves.''' ,'''When I started Go Daddy, I tried many things - like building networks and selling education - and none of it panned out. I lost millions of dollars the first couple of years. I made a lot of wrong turns, but that's the process of being successful in business.''' ,'''If you want to uncover problems you don't know about, take a few moments and look closely at the areas you haven't examined for a while. I guarantee you problems will be there.''' ,'''Parents will purchase the dot-com name for their baby. We have been aware of some instances where somebody didn't name their child a particular name because the dot-com wasn't available.''' ,'''I learned at that young age that sometimes a really big chance pays off.''' ,'''Any company has got to reinvent itself again and again.''' ,'''When it comes to the Internet, people like dealing with people.''' ,'''Never stop investing. Never stop improving. Never stop doing something new.''' ,'''You put a tuxedo on me, it's like putting a saddle on a hog.''' ,'''You got to go down a lot of wrong roads to find the right one.''' ,'''Almost nothing works the first time it's attempted. Just because what you're doing does not seem to be working, doesn't mean it won't work. It just means that it might not work the way you're doing it.''' ,'''I am not that smart.''' ,]
+++