+++
author = "Marcel Wanders"
title = "Marcel Wanders Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Marcel Wanders Quotes"
keywords = "marcel wanders,marcel wanders quotes,marcel wanders quote,marcel wanders sayings,marcel wanders saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am quite familiar with Dubai and its design scene. I have been a regular visitor for more than 10 years. It is hard to name an area where hospitality, friendship, culture, ambition, and beauty are so highly regarded.''' ,'''In tech, people want an object for what's inside it, what it does. You need to make a defensive design that people won't walk away from. A chair is aggressive - you want a customer to choose it from many others.''' ,'''A lot of my work is intelligent, a lot of the work is beautiful, but I make ugly things, too.''' ,'''To me, relaxing doesn't mean that we play ding-dong songs and look at a wall of bamboo. It's just completely unoriginal.''' ,'''Some people have a concept of design: that it should be without the maker. I have been educated in this way, the traditional way. But I am not naive. I know that we make my things, and that people want them. I am signing them - and I am winking at them.''' ,'''Everything has been done. It's not possible to create something completely new, something that has never been seen before. It's only possible to make new combinations, establish new connections between things we usually take for granted.''' ,'''As humans, we are not so rationalist as we think we are. I think our biggest quality is indeed that we are human, truly human: if our biggest quality would be rationality, we would lose our soul.''' ,'''Being open to the unexpected allows me to bring so much to my craft.''' ,'''I wanted to go beyond the sentiments and needs of daily life to create a sense of wonder and find a new space for design.''' ,'''If something is functional, you no longer think about it. I care about how meaningful things are.''' ,'''I'm 100 percent sure the love and energy we give to a project will end up inside of it. I think it's important that when we work on something, we do it with positive intentions, because this energy will be sensed in the design.''' ,'''I want to create a world with objects and surroundings that are human, more romantic, and less sterile.''' ,'''Whether or not you like an object, it's the product of an individual person making decisions about things. That's what makes it interesting.''' ,'''I have 60 people working for me in my studio. That's luxury if you ask me. I just dream. Tell those people that I want a certain thing. Those people will then invest days, and sometimes months, in bringing that idea to life. What more could you ask for? That's luxury for me.''' ,'''Designers have been uncreative and very arrogant. They need to listen to people. People have always wanted more exciting, interesting design, but we designers didn't see it.''' ,'''My mom and dad had a store, and sometimes people would return broken stuff. I'd take it apart and reassemble it. At 16, I really understood the architecture of things.''' ,'''The need to express yourself in Los Angeles makes the city so vibrant. If I lived here, it would be lovely to be in a cool new high-rise looking out over a city that is exploding.''' ,'''Luxury is not about the things that you own. It is about something that reflects your personal values, something that shows the choices that you have made in your life.''' ,'''When I wrote my book about Amsterdam, the main objective was to talk about the city's creativity rather than just its design.''' ,'''Normally I don't care so much about food. I'm more interested in the people I'm with.''' ,'''San Francisco is a lot like Amsterdam - free, open-minded and casual - though I expected better weather.''' ,'''The works we do in Moooi are very diverse, very eclectic. That's how we like it.''' ,'''The things I own are sacred.''' ,'''Every project has its own logic and parameters. In some objects, functionality is primary, and in others, it is rather inconsequential.''' ,'''In my studio, I forbid people to work if they have a down day.''' ,'''The very best design, I feel, is that which resonates so deeply that people can't help but discover something within themselves when they see it.''' ,'''Amsterdam lives and breathes creativity. One moment you walk into a building from the 17th century, and the next you find yourself in a hub of creative start-up companies.''' ,'''I want to make sure people are connected with the future as well as the past.''' ,'''Design, by definition, is an eco-friendly activity, as its aim is to create objects which are meaningful and durable. Trends always cost resources, but a true designer creates wares which will remain relevant forever.''' ,'''I like swimming. I like the beach. I like fast cars. I like speedboats.''' ,'''There are many design companies, but there are few designers who organize their own business and open it up to other designers.''' ,'''If I have any basic motivation, it's to inspire people to make their life a masterpiece.''' ,'''An object should elicit desire, and often it happens not because people need it but because they love it.''' ,'''The one thing we should address is how design can play a role in the psychological durability of objects, to think of how objects can be engineered in a way that they will be good over time.''' ,'''Humor has the tendency to be funny once. If I tell you a joke, we're going to have a big laugh. But the second time I tell the joke, it's going to be a bit strange, and the third time you're going to ask if there's something wrong with me. So I am very cautious with jokes, but there is a lightness in my work.''' ,'''There is no one I'd like to exclude when I design. It's not like I'm trying to design for everyone. Probably can't do that. Yet I try not to exclude anyone.''' ,'''Food can be a material, and you can use it as a way to project concepts.''' ,'''I like transparency. I love to have views throughout the house.''' ,'''Food has always been at the frontier of creativity.''' ,'''We are buying stuff we know we don't need, and that is a problem we should face in design. It starts with creating an object that transports through time a valuable idea: that it can live forever.''' ,'''I really feel that design has the capacity to communicate, and I really have concentrated on the communication of positive values.''' ,'''I think what makes me different is that... I am comfortable with expressing my vulnerability. I think designers often want to just put the loveable ideas out there. Ones that are imaginative but not very introspective. It is more rare for a designer to explore his or her disappointments and moments of disillusion and doubt.''' ,'''By training, I'm an engineer, but I don't tell anyone because it bores people.''' ,'''Whatever you put around yourself, you will be the mirror of it. Surround yourself with things you love.''' ,'''Beauty is very important, but it's not the most important thing in the world.''' ,'''I've always liked the idea of making things that last forever, not necessarily in the sense of being unbreakable, but more psychologically permanent. Most people throw stuff away not because it's broken but because their relationship with that object is broken.''' ,'''Ambition is a beautiful thing.''' ,'''I collect memories. I look for opportunities to try new things, go to new places, and meet new people all the time.''' ,'''When I had just finished my degree show, I wrote down the 10 companies that I most wanted to work with, and B&B Italia was on the top of the list.''' ,'''Amsterdam is a breeding ground for new creative pursuits in many areas fueled by a tolerance and openness to ideas unlike any world city I've been to. There is something for everyone here, especially when you dare to go off the beaten path.''' ,'''For me, true kitsch has nothing to do with irony. It's very honest. It represents what people like, their dreams.''' ,'''If I look at my own growth, I started in product design. And we grew and created new products, and we were also able to change the idea of design a few times.''' ,'''I think design is the expression of its time and culture.''' ,'''What's special about Amsterdam is that the city is able to connect worlds that are not otherwise connected.''' ,'''I like to be the jester - he is the only one the king doesn't question.''' ,'''So much in design is presented as a big miracle when it's just a repetition of what's been happening for 80 years.''' ,'''You can go to any second-hand store and get an amazing piece - I have pieces from flea markets at home. You don't need to buy throwaway furniture.''' ,'''To transfer food into a bowl from a pan that you've just cooked in, it's a loss of energy; it's wasteful. People think it's very sophisticated, I don't think it's so smart.''' ,'''A product can live on one great idea. An interior needs 1,000 great ideas to really live, which makes interior design a whole orchestration of this art of juxtaposition, placement, and combination.''' ,'''A good gift celebrates the relationship between the giver and the receiver. When you open that box, you feel like, 'Wow, you really understood me.' At the same time, you think this gift could come only from that person.''' ,'''Function is fundamental to design, of course. If something doesn't work, it's a bad product, and I certainly get frustrated by things that aren't functional. But there has to be more than function. A house has to function, but if that's all it does, you don't love it.''' ,'''I want to create a body of work that is really, deeply important to people. One of the vehicles I use is business.''' ,'''I'm not a person who regrets - it doesn't make me smarter to regret something.''' ,'''I wear mascara sometimes, a little lip gloss.''' ,'''I don't just want to create products. I want to reach into people's hearts and minds. I want to create memories.''' ,'''Nothing grows old faster than the new.''' ,'''I'm not the type of person who feels bad about things before. I choose what to do at the moment, and I have a very good reason for it; otherwise, I don't do it. If later my feelings change, I should celebrate now by being more wise, not feel bad about before.''' ,'''I like to find areas where design has not yet gone.''' ,'''The fundamental dogma of Modernism - that, if the past is irrelevant to the future, then today is irrelevant to tomorrow - has created a throwaway society of disposable objects. That is sick.''' ,'''A lot of companies are able to do without design. A few companies are able to do without creativity. A very few. Creativity is crucial to your business.''' ,'''I can't be boring. If people like my designs, then meet me and find out that I'm boring, they won't want my stuff.''' ,'''Opulence doesn't cost more than boring.''' ,'''I have been a designer all my life, and design, for me, is to share love and trust and show the future in a beautiful way. I have worked on this principle all my life.''' ,'''There is always a reason behind things that are made, and if there isn't, there will be one when they travel through the world. The objects of beauty are used to impress, seduce, overwhelm, make money, support identities, and show power or style, among other things.''' ,'''I listen to a variety of music. I like everything from old Arabic music to Portuguese fados.''' ,'''We should make things that people don't want to throw away.''' ,'''My parents weren't cultured people.''' ,'''Everything has been thought of before... the real problem is to think of it again.''' ,'''When I make chairs, they have legs; they can go anywhere in the world. Interiors are a different responsibility. A house is a representation of where you are, and it has to be right for the place.''' ,'''Great design is so many things all at the same time. It is emotional, functional, and responsive. It creates an unwritten dialogue, a connection, between itself and those who experience it. It is open to interpretation yet created for a specific purpose. It creates meaning and value.''' ,'''Nobody's interested in something that could've been done before.''' ,'''Modernism is an outmoded way of thinking about design: it just doesn't reflect the way we live now. It always puts forward this idea that the past is irrelevant to tomorrow - and tomorrow is all that matters. But the past is part of who we are.''' ,'''M.A.C. stands for makeup, art, and cosmetics. We're about bringing all these worlds together - makeup, design, fashion.''' ,'''The 'Dezeen's of this world are extremely inspirational but have no realistic dimension any more.''' ,'''When you look at the work you do every day, you do see things. But if you look at the work you did for 25 years, suddenly you start to get a more complete picture.''' ,'''I love Milano. Historically, the city is the biggest intellectual design thinking container. It is the cradle of design as well as the hometown of the mothers of its important heroes.''' ,'''If we want a world that is truly sustainable, we have to realize that something old can also be perfect. Otherwise, we'll just throw away our yesterday.''' ,'''Often, I'm sitting opposite a client, and I'm thinking, 'How do I convince him to not copy the best-selling product out there?' And sometimes I don't know. Really, it's smarter to be a thief.''' ,'''If you acquire things, you have to let them go.''' ,'''People like their handbag more than their sofa, and I hate it.''' ,'''I've turned into something of a health nut.''' ,'''My design always has a political agenda. When I borrow components from various cultures and juxtapose them in an object, it is a message that co-existence is indeed possible. Design creates an ideal world where different ideas live close to each other in perfect harmony.''' ,'''I think architects design outside in. Or they design basically outside. They don't get in the building anymore.''' ,'''That word 'fantasy' - I hardly ever hear it in the world of design. And that's very strange. You should hear it a lot. I think fantasy is a very important value that designers and artists should bring to the world.''' ,'''I have a long list of how people call me: 'The Prince of Design,' 'Beethoven of Design,' 'the Dutch Prince of Design' and the list goes on and on and on... and also the 'Lady Gaga of Design!' I am fine with it. I think she is an amazing character who has innovated the music scene and is respected by so many people; she is surprising.''' ,'''I like my products to be smart in a technical way but to show the time invested in their creation, too.''' ,'''When I was a student, my first luxury purchase was a drafting table. It may not seem like a major purchase, but for me, it was the most important thing I could think of to spend my money on.''' ,'''Beauty is only about relationships. Nothing is beautiful on its own.''' ,'''Inspiration has become this word that people tend to talk about as something from the outside. The truth is that... it is inside, like a burning fire: it is the feeling of certainty that your life has a meaning and you'll do something important.''' ,'''Why would you spend your life and your time doing something that's insignificant?''' ,]
+++