+++
author = "William Arthur Ward"
title = "William Arthur Ward Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 William Arthur Ward Quotes"
keywords = "william arthur ward,william arthur ward quotes,william arthur ward quote,william arthur ward sayings,william arthur ward saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The more generous we are, the more joyous we become. The more cooperative we are, the more valuable we become. The more enthusiastic we are, the more productive we become. The more serving we are, the more prosperous we become.''' ,'''The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.''' ,'''Lose yourself in generous service and every day can be a most unusual day, a triumphant day, an abundantly rewarding day!''' ,'''Change, like sunshine, can be a friend or a foe, a blessing or a curse, a dawn or a dusk.''' ,'''A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.''' ,'''It is wise to direct your anger towards problems - not people; to focus your energies on answers - not excuses.''' ,'''Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting.''' ,'''Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning.''' ,'''God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say 'thank you?'''' ,'''When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.''' ,'''Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I will not forget you. Love me and I may be forced to love you.''' ,'''To make mistakes is human; to stumble is commonplace; to be able to laugh at yourself is maturity.''' ,'''Today is a most unusual day, because we have never lived it before; we will never live it again; it is the only day we have.''' ,'''Wise are they who have learned these truths: Trouble is temporary. Time is tonic. Tribulation is a test tube.''' ,'''The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.''' ,'''Opportunities are like sunrises. If you wait too long, you miss them.''' ,'''Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.''' ,'''Happiness is an inside job.''' ,'''Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority.''' ,'''Humanity either makes, or breeds, or tolerates all its afflictions.''' ,'''We can learn much from wise words, little from wisecracks, and less from wise guys.''' ,'''Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it.''' ,'''A well-developed sense of humor is the pole that adds balance to your steps as you walk the tightrope of life.''' ,'''A cloudy day is no match for a sunny disposition.''' ,'''Gratitude can transform common days into thanksgivings, turn routine jobs into joy, and change ordinary opportunities into blessings.''' ,'''If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it.''' ,]
+++