+++
author = "Steven Blum"
title = "Steven Blum Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Steven Blum Quotes"
keywords = "steven blum,steven blum quotes,steven blum quote,steven blum sayings,steven blum saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One of my biggest superstitions is to never speak about the future out loud. Let's just say I got a lot out there and I hope to keep on going.''' ,'''Anime has been good to me. I made and continue to make very little money at it, but the undying, feverish loyalty of the fans of the genre has been such a life-changing influence for me that I wanted to do everything I possibly could to help give something back to them.''' ,''''Toonami' was a tremendous vehicle, delivering the art of Japanese animation to a massive audience that may have otherwise never experienced it. I feel an immense debt of gratitude to everyone involved with the show and to every fan who supported it.''' ,'''Anime has sent me all over the world, introducing me to people who have touched my life in indescribably profound ways.''' ,'''I started out doing improvised voices when I started working in a program where I read for kids in schools. I had some kids and they asked me if I would mind doing it. I was very happy to do it. That's where I got my training before I went to the public. I did that for several years. It was actually the best vocal training I could have had.''' ,'''I suppose the biggest thing I learned is that I'm in it for the right reasons. I love my job as much now as when I first began. I still feel fully invested in every audition, every job - large or small, every appearance, every meeting with every fan.''' ,'''You know, it's a wonderful thing. I have to say that some of the greatest actors I've ever worked with have been doing anime for years. It's not just because of the popularity, either.''' ,]
+++