+++
author = "Gigi Hadid"
title = "Gigi Hadid Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Gigi Hadid Quotes"
keywords = "gigi hadid,gigi hadid quotes,gigi hadid quote,gigi hadid sayings,gigi hadid saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm always tan and blonde and don't really fit into New York. I'm a California girl, even if I try and cover it up with leather.''' ,'''I'm kind of the model that everyone thought would always be the Guess, 'Sports Illustrated' girl. Then, when I started to do high fashion stuff... people were like, 'Oh, so we can have a girl with, like, thighs and a butt in a Tom Ford campaign. Cool.'''' ,'''I just try to be in tune with my body. If I start to feel sick, I will try to catch it at the root. I don't really let myself get to the point where it becomes a problem. That's so important when you're travelling because if you land in Paris and you have to go from the airport straight to set, you don't have time to go to the doctor.''' ,'''I'm the only one in - of my siblings, my mom and my family - that hasn't been affected by Lyme disease. It's been really hard for me because I'm the only one that doesn't really understand it.''' ,'''You find how you feel your best, whether you feel better when you're eating gluten-free or whatever it is. I feel better when I eat a burger every other night.''' ,'''I love St. Ives Apricot Scrub, and you can just get that at CVS - it's so good, though; it's my favorite! Usually I only use that when I shower, because if I don't shower, I'm usually too tired to wash my face and just use Maybelline cleansing wipes. And then I use Chanel Hydra Beauty Lotion. That's so good, I love it.''' ,'''I'm kind of a grandma, so I like cooking for my boyfriend and watching a movie. I cook a lot, actually. I'll make bacon-wrapped asparagus, steak, and pesto pasta with chicken...but we go out to dinner a fair amount, too.''' ,'''I'm all for one month of going really hard and eating really healthy and boxing every day if you're doing it for, like, one job.''' ,'''I went to almost all of the agencies in New York when I first visited. A lot of them wanted to sign me but also kind of indirectly were telling me that I needed to change in some way. Some directly told me that I wouldn't be a model unless I changed the way that my body looked.''' ,'''We get to live in a time that we get to use social media as a tool. It's not just a face on a piece of paper, and that's what makes you someone's favorite model. We can have a very similar sense of humor as someone, and that's why we're their favorite model, or our personal style, off the runway, is why we're their favorite.''' ,'''My sister is my little star, and I'm excited for her and proud of her. With her, I'm protective, but also I don't want to be that sister who's really pushy and thinks they know everything and making her feel like she doesn't know what she's doing. I'm trying to be that cool older sister and not the mom, but it's hard.''' ,'''If you look at sculptures from hundreds of years ago, everyone's naked. It's not a bad thing.''' ,'''When I was young, I did Baby Guess and Guess Kids - Paul Marciano saw me when I was a baby and decided I was going to be his next whatever. After Guess Kids, my mom made me stop. She would not let me sign with an agency until I was 17 because she wanted me to be a normal kid and accept myself for who I was.''' ,'''My biggest thing about being a role model is whatever I'm preaching, I'm practicing. If I'm telling people I'm boxing and then I'm eating a burger tonight, it's because I am. I'm not cheating and eating a salad and then being like, 'Yeah! Burgers are cool!'''' ,'''My thighs were huge; they were like rock! Growing up, I was really athletic, and I had a very athletic body.''' ,'''Honestly... I only get starstruck over chefs.''' ,'''In middle school, I wasn't allowed to wear makeup. I secretly bought Maybelline's SuperStay 24-hr. concealer at CVS. I thought it was the coolest thing in the world.''' ,'''I've learned very quickly to fall asleep wherever I can. I sleep in the car from event to event or show to show sometimes.''' ,'''I think that something photographers find about me is that I work really hard to make sure I know what they want before I start shooting.''' ,'''What people want to know is, OK, what's after modeling? It's not just OK anymore to model until you're 25 and then stop and be a housewife.''' ,'''People always make fun of my eyebrows and think that I shape them this way! But if you see a picture of me from when I was two years old, I have the same exact eyebrow shape.''' ,'''I know that I won't be modelling forever, but I think I'll be in the entertainment industry. I would love to host a talk show one day or have a cooking show. I love to cook... I'm really open, so we'll see.''' ,'''When you're two, three, four years old, it's not really modelling. You run around, and they give you toys in a fun place, and they take pictures of you playing.''' ,'''I don't really have the patience to do my hair, which is why it's always parted down the middle, slicked, in a low ponytail or a messy high bun. I'm too lazy to do my own hair, but I like doing my makeup.''' ,'''I have a weird thing against facials. I feel like all day my face is being touched and messed with on set, so I don't want more people touching my face!''' ,'''It's really about making opportunities for yourself and connecting with people on a more-than-normal level. That opens doors. You never know if the caterer's brother is someone. You don't know who someone is having dinner with that night. So being a nice person and touching people creates opportunity.''' ,'''I pay attention to how every makeup artist does everything.''' ,'''I'm from Malibu, California. Once I tell people, they're like, 'Oh, of course you're from Malibu; that makes sense.' I guess I am your typical just-graduated-high-school-in-Malibu type of girl. Our school was just across from Zuma beach, and we all wore Lululemons and bathing suit tops to go to the grocery store - no makeup, no shoes.''' ,'''High school is when I started to get my sense of fashion together. My queen was Candice Swanepoel, who is a friend of mine now, which is kind of funny, but in high school, I was obsessed. I love her street style: she is always in cool boyfriend jeans, boots, and an awesome coat, which is very much like what I wear.''' ,'''I always say, 'Eat clean to stay fit; have a burger to stay sane.'''' ,'''I've always said that I feel lucky to live in the era of social media and be a working model in this time. Back in the day, models were just another face. But social media has given people a voice and not just another face. Not only can you show the world your personality and stuff like that, but you can be a brand ambassador easily.''' ,'''It's good to know how to be sexy, but something I'm still trying to work on is learning how to not be sexy, because that's an important part of growing as a model.''' ,'''A lot of the time, we're shooting summer campaigns in winter because they have to come out the next season. It's the hardest to feel great in a bikini when it's cold... so I appreciate a swimsuit shoot that's in warm weather.''' ,'''One time, my ex-boyfriend and I were in Paris, and we went to this really fancy dinner. We weren't full after, so we walked from the schmoozy restaurant to McDonald's, and we finished our date at McDonald's. It was awesome.''' ,'''I have more than 4 million followers on Instagram. All the companies I work for want me to guarantee how much I'll post for them, but I'm not going to force my career onto the people who follow me. I refuse to do 40 Instagram posts about any campaign.''' ,'''Twitter is the place where I try to be more funny. And then I use Instagram just as my diary. I pull some jokes on there, but I think people have a better sense of humor on Twitter.''' ,'''My order from Starbucks is an ice chai with one less pump of chai because I feel like they put too much, and it's, like, too sweet, and it's overwhelming.''' ,'''When I first went to visit different agencies in New York, a lot of them were like, 'You have to lose a lot of weight.'''' ,'''I was always in front of the camera. My mom was really passionate about photography - I have pictures of my whole life. I've always just been in front of my mom's camera, and it's always comfortable to me.''' ,'''I grew up on the beach, so I'm really comfortable in a bathing suit, playing volleyball, running around.''' ,'''I've been watching Maybelline commercials since I was little and singing along with the jingle and doing little Maybelline commercials in my bathroom when I was, like, 10.''' ,'''No, I don't think I have the same body type as the other models in shows. No, I don't think I am the best at any given show. Yes, I want a unique walk, but I also know I have to improve.''' ,'''I'm really lucky to have a lot of friends in fashion. I don't know if that's common, but I just get along with a lot of people. My really close friends are Ireland Baldwin, Kendall Jenner, Lily Aldridge and Devon Windsor.''' ,'''Not enough people know what Lyme disease is and the dangers of being bitten by an insect.''' ,'''A camel is a very awkward animal to ride, and it's very hard to get used to because they're not very graceful.''' ,'''I'm a really big Juice Press fan. There is a store right around the corner from my apartment in New York.''' ,'''My makeup artist likes to define my brows with Maybelline Brow Drama. We brush up on the part closest to my nose and it's straight after that. Then, I like to use the matte brown shades from Maybelline The Nudes Palette to shadow my eyes, but without it looking like I'm wearing much.''' ,'''I usually stalk fans because I think they're really funny on Twitter. They don't know it, but I'll just go through their timelines, and if something is happening in the media, I always read fan accounts instead of the news because they have all the info and make the funniest jokes about it, so that's how I get my gossip - by stalking fans.''' ,'''I started modeling when I was about 2 or 3 years old; I started with Baby Guess, and I did Guess Kids, and that was the extent of my modeling career as a kid. I took all of my elementary, middle and high school years off to focus on school and sports.''' ,'''As long as they want me modeling, I'll be here. But I hope to maybe have a cooking show one day or host a talk show when I'm older and have a developed brand. That would be really fun.''' ,'''I like experimenting with different hair care, and when I get sick of it, I always mix it up. Ghd makes this mousse that I add to John Frieda's Frizz Ease, and it makes a ponytail hold really well.''' ,'''I personally think my sister is so stunning without makeup. And she doesn't wear that much makeup because she has the best skin color.''' ,'''I personally would rather do the Master Cleanse for ten days than just eat salad for six months.''' ,'''You know where the best McDonald's is? Dubai. Because they have regulation on the meat, so it's really, really good.''' ,'''My mom was a model. She met my dad when he was building the Ritz-Carlton in Colorado and she was modeling there. Although we were very blessed, my parents never wanted us to believe we didn't have to work. They didn't want us to think that our situation would get us through life.''' ,'''In third grade, I played basketball with the boys every day at lunch. I had braces that were yellow and purple, and I wore full Laker uniforms to school.''' ,'''I'm 19 now, and I go to The New School in New York, where I study Criminal Psychology. My first week of second semester was during Fashion Week when my first editorials in 'CR Fashion Book' and 'Sports Illustrated' came out. It was crazy!''' ,'''Everyone has a different body shape, so you kind of have to figure out not only what works best for your body type, but what also makes you feel confident. Even if everyone thinks you look good in a bikini, and you don't feel good in it, you're not going to be at your best. If you feel great in a bikini, you can always work it.''' ,'''Boxing has been great for me because it's, like, my new sport, so it's something that I can get better at.''' ,'''I think it's really important that I'm not the only model in the world that goes through personal problems. People forget that we're human. We don't get to call in sick. You have to go and put on a smile. Every single day is a first impression, so you can't have a bummed-out day.''' ,'''Even if I have no other makeup on, I always want a nude lip, and if I'm going to do a bright, I want it to be matte.''' ,'''I've learned that if I only put my mind to one thing that I can get tunnel vision. Then I may not be as open to other opportunities because I'm so focused on one thing. I think what's worked better for me personally is I have three goals every day: be nice, work hard, and make friends.''' ,'''I was discovered by Paul Marciano of Guess when I was actually, like, two years old. And so I started with Baby Guess; I did Guess Kids, and then I stopped because I was a really competitive horseback rider and a club volleyball player. I went to Junior Olympic qualifiers for volleyball. So, I kind of stopped modeling.''' ,'''In real life, I'm so goofy and super weird. I'm never mean, but people don't see the weird side of me. Like, I'll be dancing around. My best friends will always say that they wish others saw that side of me, when I'm doing a weird dance or weird faces or voices.''' ,'''I am the biggest foodie ever.''' ,'''When I was 11, I made truffle risotto for my family for Christmas dinner.''' ,'''Once you just tell yourself, 'OK, I'm going to have a breakdown right now, and I'm going to cry for an hour, put my phone away. I'm going to go swimming, and then I'm gonna make my family dinner and lay on the couch and watch 'Ru Paul's Drag Race,' once you accept that it's not the day and you can just have a breakdown, you're over it.''' ,'''I just started using this app called Wine and Dine. It's like Instagram, but only for food. You post what you're eating and follow your friends, and then you can say, 'I wanna try that,' and so when you go on your 'wanna try' list, it'll tell you where it is.''' ,'''As for middle school, I had a really horrible era of style. I'd only play basketball with the boys during lunch, so I went through a phase of only wearing Lakers uniforms to school - that was cute! And then I kind of went through the Puma phase that everyone went through with the sweatsuits, which turned into Juicy Couture sweatsuits.''' ,'''My mom was a model, so she's been really good about giving me tips on how to navigate behind the scenes - like the importance of being nice to everyone on set and remembering people's names, to how to be a positive part of the photo shoot and stuff like that.''' ,'''My first-ever concert was the Barney concert when I was, like, six. My mum took me because I was obsessed with Barney. Barney was actually my first crush... He's, like, literally better than all the guys in the whole world.''' ,'''It sounds really cheesy, but I've just really been so focused on making sure that I am nice to everyone that I work with and making the effort to get to know the people on set, whether it's the catering crew or the famous photographer.''' ,'''No, I'm not the first or last model of my type in this industry. You can make up all the reasons you think I am where I am, but really, I'm a hard worker that's confident in myself - one that came at a time where the fashion industry was ready for a change.''' ,'''I know this sounds weird, but I was into storyboarding when I was younger. I loved coming up with my own style through fashion blogs and magazines. But I've never liked trying things on. I don't know why. It was more about making mood boards. I've loved fashion my whole life, but more the imagery of it than actually wearing it.''' ,'''I can eat healthy when I want to, and I can work out every single day, and I can have the body for a certain runway show if I need to, but that doesn't mean that I'm doing it in an unhealthy way.''' ,'''I will be the first to say, when I started, I was the worst on the runway ever. I feel like I try to keep learning every time I step off a runway; I try to get better with each one. I hope that I'm getting better as I go - it takes a few seasons to get your Karlie Kloss walk on.''' ,'''I usually do my hair and makeup in 30 to 45 minutes, and if my hair is dirty, I'll just put it in a bun or a ponytail. If it's in a bun, I'll part it down the middle and do a low bun with a couple pieces in the front coming down.''' ,'''I only box. It's the only thing that keeps me sane. I can't just go to the gym and run. I'd rather die. I played volleyball and rode horses my entire life, so just, like, moving to a city and having to go the gym was just, like, so weird for me.''' ,'''My Pirelli calendar is hanging on the wall of my friend's frat house, and he doesn't know anything about fashion. That balance is what leads to big campaigns outside of fashion. But I never want to choose one or the other. Both commercial and high fashion are what make my job so interesting.''' ,'''I box every day when I'm in New York.''' ,'''The bigger fan base you have, the more companies will be attracted to you. And having a following, you can be so much more involved being a representative with the brand you're working with.''' ,'''I know that the designers that have me in their shows have me for a reason, I know that the designers that don't have me in their shows don't have me for a reason, and I accept either way.''' ,'''Rag & Bone is a big part of my closet. I just really like how their jeans fit; I wear them a lot, and I think they make really cool staple pieces.''' ,'''If you're not a makeup artist, and you just try to go for the big looks, it just gets the best of you.''' ,'''I love sports - I used to play volleyball really competitively...I went to Junior Olympic qualifiers, and I've ridden horses my whole life.''' ,'''My mom always taught me to put toothpaste on pimples to dry them out at night. I do that all the time. I don't use anything fancy when I get a pimple. And I never use the same toothpaste for long because I get bored. So I'll do peppermint and then one month I'll do cinnamon. I'm creative.''' ,'''I represent a body image that wasn't accepted in high fashion before, and I'm very lucky to be supported by the designers, stylists, and editors that I am: ones that know this is fashion; this is art. It can never stay the same. It's 2015.''' ,'''I post pictures that I want to post and say what I want to say. If that's three times a day or three times per month, then whatever.''' ,'''Coming back to Guess is so natural for me; they're my family. I always love being back, and to be able to come home and be in Malibu across the street from my high school shooting this campaign is absolutely amazing and just feels like the right thing.''' ,'''You're on set for 15 hours, and then you go home and make sure you're posting the right stuff on social media, and then you answer your e-mails. It never stops.''' ,'''My mentality has always been, If I'm not the best at something, then I might as well be the best at something else. I realized that I wasn't going to be an Olympic volleyball player, but I knew I could model at that level.''' ,'''In California, I'm more of a beach chick, and I kind of take on a model city girl when I'm in New York.''' ,'''Fashion is really a place where every other industry connects, whether it's music or acting. At the end of the day, everyone is going to walk the red carpet and be interested in the fashion side of it. I think that's really cool because as a model, you get to connect with a lot of different worlds.''' ,'''The first year I lived in New York, I tried a different burger every week to find my favorite burger in New York.''' ,'''I think that it's nice when someone can go and look more exotic and do the girl-next-door thing as well.''' ,'''People can see a picture of my body from the neck down and know who it is because of my beauty marks or whatever you call them, moles. I've always had them, and I've always loved them. Obviously you have to be careful with that; I get them checked regularly and make sure that they're healthy.''' ,'''I eat healthy when I can; I eat a burger when I want, and I work out. You have to live with the routine that keeps your body the healthiest, and that's what I do - I don't change it for a swimsuit shoot. You have to figure out what works with your body the best.''' ,'''Using the right colour is the most important thing. When sculpting is well done, it just looks like you have great brows.''' ,'''You have to realise that everyone that you are working with is important. It doesn't matter where you are starting from; you are always going to run back into those people, and they are going to talk, and that's going to be the base of whether you get good opportunities or not.''' ,]
+++