+++
author = "Declan Donnelly"
title = "Declan Donnelly Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Declan Donnelly Quotes"
keywords = "declan donnelly,declan donnelly quotes,declan donnelly quote,declan donnelly sayings,declan donnelly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Brummies make great audiences.''' ,'''There is always someone you are going to miss and for me it's my dad. I always hoped he would see me marry, but these things happen in life. I know he is proud of me.''' ,'''Northern Ireland isn't actually part of Great Britain, but we still want it to be part of 'Sofa Watch.'''' ,'''I've never massively minded not being cool.''' ,'''No one tells you how hard being a parent is! We could have had a warning! It is literally the hardest thing I've ever done but I'm loving it.''' ,'''I think there is more to this world than we can possibly fathom. There's got to be.''' ,'''Nobody ever sets out to make a flop, but it's going to happen. You have to pick yourself up, dust yourself down and say: 'Right, we go again.'''' ,'''Cool is just something we've never been.''' ,'''I love a bathroom and fluffy bathrobe. Bear Grylls and camping... that's not me!''' ,'''Running in heels can be treacherous, and don't get me started on fake eyelashes!''' ,'''I might be a natural show-off but being your best mate's best man is a different kettle of fish.''' ,'''We never want the audience to get bored.''' ,'''As with many pop acts, your shelf life isn't that great, we peaked with our first album.''' ,'''I love Leon and June and I love 'Gogglebox,' it's a brilliant show.''' ,'''We toured the world, all over Europe and to the Far East and Australia.''' ,'''Put your head down and work hard and you can achieve what you want. You can end up in Buckingham Palace.''' ,'''We don't get any hate mail.''' ,'''I'd like to do 'Strictly' because you learn something.''' ,'''We had one big album and we started working on the 'Ant and Dec Show' and we had a really good time.''' ,'''I think obviously there is some kind of life form somewhere else. Whether it looks like the creature in 'Alien Autopsy,' I'm not sure.''' ,'''We saw the band as an acting job - it was an extension of 'Byker Grove.' We were even still called PJ and Duncan.''' ,'''I think you learn every day. You can't buy experiences; all these experiences shape you.''' ,'''I love a sneeze.''' ,'''I'm not sure how much Ant and I are insured against each other. I've heard it's a couple of million. However much it is, it would never be compensation for losing your best mate. I've never wanted to work alone since we started together. All the ideas we have are for the pair of us.''' ,'''We kind of owe everything to 'Byker Grove.' It's where we learnt to do what we do.''' ,'''We were kids when we started.''' ,'''Ant and Dec seemed a natural name for us - it was just how people referred to us, cos we were always together. I've never resented the fact that his name comes first.''' ,'''We always had one eye on doing Saturday night TV even when we were back doing mornings. That's where we wanted to go to get a bigger audience.''' ,'''I'm not sure I'm confident in the viewing public seeing every side of me and I'm not sure I'm confident enough that I'd allow myself to be that exposed.''' ,'''We did a version of 'You Bet' called 'Wanna Bet' in the U.S. a couple of years ago. It was a good little show but the network put it on over the summer on Mondays so nobody watched it.''' ,'''I think we're paid a going rate for how well our shows do.''' ,'''I'll worry about something and get stressed whereas Ant is usually a bit more chilled about things.''' ,'''Celebrity will eat itself.''' ,'''People would always try and set me up, which was awkward. You can't set me up on a blind date because she will automatically know more about me.''' ,'''Thank you to everyone who works with us on our shows for making us look like we know what we're doing.''' ,'''You'd have to get my money out of my cold dead hand before I gambled it away.''' ,'''Anyone who's ever had a loved one go through addiction will know just how devastating it can be and how tough it is for those around them, as much as it is for the addict.''' ,'''We're more pub and football guys rather than walking the red carpets.''' ,'''The real big learning curve for us was 'SM:TV.'''' ,'''Ours is a career built on a friendship, not a friendship built on a career.''' ,'''I was a bit nervous before I got married and Ant said to me: 'Honestly, it just gets better.' It's amazing and the best thing I ever did.''' ,'''Animals are great but babies are the most magical thing ever.''' ,'''We come to Birmingham every January for the 'Britain's Got Talent' auditions and always have a great time.''' ,'''You know you're getting older when the record executives start getting younger.''' ,'''When people are so nice about you, you get emotional and cry. But we never take it for granted.''' ,'''I go for a sensible dinner with the wife when I can.''' ,'''When we used to watch some BBC kids' shows it felt like some of the presenters were parental figures, we wanted to be their cheeky uncles really, their fun uncles, and speak to them on their level.''' ,'''You can't not be star-struck by Mary Berry.''' ,'''The thing that I miss more than anything is doing Saturday morning telly. It was the best, best, best three years.''' ,'''I always watch the Morecambe and Wise Christmas special.''' ,'''We sat down and talked about who we liked comedy-wise, TV-wise, what made us laugh and what we enjoyed doing. So a lot of our tastes went into 'The Ant and Dec Show.'''' ,'''We know what it's like to audition as kids and how nerve-racking it is.''' ,'''Ant was the only person who knew I was going to propose.''' ,'''We should do 'Takeaway' from Chicago or Philadelphia. We'd have great fun with it.''' ,'''We knew we were making records for a certain demographic. We didn't look outside of that.''' ,'''We have got offered some shows in America, but really dopey shows - like reality shows.''' ,'''Saturday Night Takeaway' is the show we always wanted to make. It's a direct descendant of 'Game For A Laugh' and 'Noel's House Party' and 'Russ Abbot's Madhouse,' and they're all shows we grew up on as kids.''' ,'''I've definitely never said, 'Well, how about that, eh, I'm a national treasure.'''' ,'''The first meaningful friendship moment we had was when Ant sent me a Fred Flintstone Christmas card and it said, 'To Dec from Ant, have a yabba dabba do Christmas.'''' ,'''We've talked about a sitcom and a comedy drama. It's getting the right project and working with the right people.''' ,'''We treated it as another acting job. Some of these other bands had been put together, and it was their dream come true to be in a band, and that wasn't really the case for us. It was the next part of what we were doing.''' ,'''We honestly felt a bit more at home in the TV studio than we did in the recording studio.''' ,'''One of the parts of 'BGT' we love doing the most is going around the country.''' ,'''Right is what you should do, wrong is what you really want to do.''' ,'''When we became TV presenters, I found a place for myself and Ant bought the house for sale two doors away.''' ,'''We got sacked for the first time when we were just 18 and you realise that this whole industry is transient and changeable.''' ,'''Saturday mornings, you've got three hours of live telly and it's really forgiving.''' ,'''I learnt violin at school and hated it. I wish I'd learnt guitar or piano.''' ,'''There's been times when it has been tough professionally.''' ,'''When we met Susan Boyle she was a very unassuming lady. We didn't expect anything and we were probably a little dismissive of her.''' ,'''It's naive to think we're the only living beings in this universe.''' ,'''When times were good, we made more money. When times are bad, we make less money.''' ,'''It's funny. I don't really think of us as TV presenters. I think of TV presenters as responsible people who show children what to do with empty fairy liquid bottles. Not a couple of blokes who don't mind telling kids to shut up.''' ,'''I do like 'Question Time.'''' ,'''I was an average student. Not a dunce. Used to play for the school football team.''' ,'''I had my crisis at 30. I was actually really comfortable with 40. Life was in a better place.''' ,'''It's a big thing, our relationship with ITV.''' ,'''I grew up being called Eamonn-Martin-Dermott-Declan because I was the youngest of the boys and Mum would go through all their names first before she got to mine.''' ,'''I couldn't do 'I'm A Celeb' because I know too much.''' ,'''We're incredibly lucky and I get to work with my best mate - I don't know why I'd ever want to stop doing that really.''' ,'''We need to start saying no to stuff.''' ,'''It's lovely when you get those awards because it reminds you that the audience are enjoying what you're doing so you keep working hard and never take anything for granted.''' ,'''Sometimes life has to tell you a little more forcefully: 'Slow down or change direction.'''' ,'''We were lucky that when we were making the transition from children's to prime time a lot of other presenters our age shied away from that arena.''' ,'''Not always behind the scenes is it sunny.''' ,'''We did 'Friends Like These' on BBC and 'Slap Bang' on ITV which didn't work as well.''' ,'''I can be quite argumentative and stubborn if I get a bee in my bonnet. I can be quite a pain.''' ,'''No one looks forward to getting old do they?''' ,'''We were pushing the boundaries a bit of Saturday morning telly and trying new things.''' ,'''When you're younger you feel more invincible - that nothing is ever going to get you down or beat you. When you get a bit older, you realise the fragility of things, how easy it is to get caught out by things - and Ant did.''' ,'''We want to bring the kids, the parents, the grandparents and grandkids together, we want them to have a shared viewing experience. We want the kids to talk about it in the playground, dad to talk about it down the pub, grandma to talk about it while she's out shopping.''' ,'''I come from a family of seven, so growing up I always thought I'd like a big family.''' ,'''I don't know if I get any mail. I think I just get bills.''' ,'''I think Ant and I were ambitious because of where we come from. Both of us are from working-class families on council estates in Newcastle.''' ,'''When we were first doing kids' shows with the BBC they asked us where we wanted to be in a few years' time and we said we want to be where Noel Edmonds is.''' ,'''When we were 17, I got my first car, a Mini Metro.''' ,'''My dad was born in Desertmartin at the foot of Slieve Gallion.''' ,'''I think working as part of a brotherhood shows you can achieve personal satisfaction in a team.''' ,'''We always said our career was built on our friendship and that our friendship was the secret of our success. The career just happened by accident.''' ,'''I think from doing so many live shows it gives you a real appreciation of being present. You don't know what's going to happen, you don't know what is around the corner.''' ,]
+++