+++
author = "Jojo Siwa"
title = "Jojo Siwa Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Jojo Siwa Quotes"
keywords = "jojo siwa,jojo siwa quotes,jojo siwa quote,jojo siwa sayings,jojo siwa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I tell myself I can't have off days.''' ,'''If you are wearing a JoJo bow, you are a Siwanator. If you are a Siwanator, then you are nice, powerful, confident, and believe in yourself.''' ,''''Grey's Anatomy' is by far, by a landslide, my favorite show.''' ,'''MeToo is a strong movement in Hollywood, but a lot of my fans and demographic are younger, and they don't really understand what's going on with it. I wanted to put something out for them, even for those who are 4 years old, that every girl is a super girl. No matter your age, your height, your weight, your color - whatever you are.''' ,'''I would love to be a pop star!''' ,'''I have been dyeing my hair since I was, like, 2.''' ,'''I carry my camera with me everywhere. I'm a vlogger!''' ,'''Everyone should just be kind to one another.''' ,'''One day, I can come up with 50 content ideas, and I'm like, 'Boom, I want to do this idea, this idea, this idea.' I have a YouTube notebook, and I write them all down. Then other days, I'm like, 'I have no clue what I want to do today.' I rarely have days like that.''' ,'''I think going on tour, having lots of songs and music videos would be super cool.''' ,'''When I'm 19, I'll still be living with my mom, but I'm going to be doing music and acting. I can picture it really vividly.''' ,'''People call me energy in a bottle.''' ,'''My thing with failure, just forget about it and get up and do it again.''' ,'''I think that is very important to me, that everyone loves everyone.''' ,'''I don't let the haters get their way.''' ,'''Honestly, it's hard to deal with the haters, but something that has helped me is not to focus on the haters and to focus on the nice people!''' ,'''I've always kind of just had a big personality and a voice that I wanted heard.''' ,'''I love doing YouTube. That's where my heart is, and so it makes me sad when I can't put a good, fun, energetic video out, because that's what I love to do - and that's my passion. And that's who I am.''' ,'''I don't think that people don't succeed; I think that it takes time! Everyone will have their time to shine!''' ,'''When I plan ahead, I don't just plan what I'm doing tomorrow. I also plan what I'm doing five years from now.''' ,'''I'm very proud of 'Every Girl's a Super Girl.' I want all girls to know that no matter what size, color, or shape, whatever they are, that every girl is a super girl! They should be brave, confident, and have fun and enjoy every day!''' ,'''By the time I left 'Dance Moms,' I'd made so many friendships.''' ,'''Always have a black bow, a white bow, a rainbow bow - those bows will match literally just about everything!''' ,'''I've always just worn bows. They just got bigger and better and sparklier - and then I became 'JoJo with the bow bow,' and it became a thing.''' ,'''There's always time to grow older. You can never grow younger.''' ,'''I really have been dancing my whole life.''' ,'''I really love Meghan Trainor and how she does't care what people think about her.''' ,'''If there's someone getting picked on, be nice to them and be helpful to them.''' ,'''I get bullied a lot on social media, and it's terrible.''' ,'''I have something called 'Siwanators,' and if you're a Siwanator, you're strong. You're powerful. You stand up to the bullies. If you're a Siwanator, you're nice. And the way you can tell if someone is a Siwanator is if they have a JoJo bow in.''' ,'''I should be on Broadway. You have to sing, you have to dance, you have to speak well, and I'm good at all of those!''' ,'''I never really had experienced hate in school with girls and boys. What I do experience is social media, and so every day, people comment, 'You're fat, you're ugly, you're rude, you're all this stuff,' and I just don't like it at all. I don't want anyone to have to go through that.''' ,'''I have experienced a lot of online bullying because I am homeschooled.''' ,'''I just always wear bows. I always love bows, and it's always been my thing.''' ,'''It's a very hard goal. But, what I want is to tell people who are getting bullied to stand up to the bully and not let it be OK - tell a teacher, the principal, or your parents. I want people to stand up and to be confident.''' ,''''Boomerang' is all about coming back from the hate and not listening to the hate. It really tells a message.''' ,''''Dance Moms' was one of the best experiences I've ever had in my life!''' ,'''I feel everyone should feel empowered to live their best life.''' ,'''Anything can go wrong, but you can't think about it all the time. You have to enjoy every moment.''' ,'''A lot of people think, like, 'JoJo' is fake or 'JoJo' is a character. But, like, it's not.''' ,'''Dancing and singing are the two things that have stuck with me throughout my life.''' ,'''I just want to make people happy and make a difference in people's lives.''' ,'''Literally, 'Dance Moms' was so amazing, and I have the world to thank for that. They were so awesome - the set, the cast, the crew - it was amazing.''' ,]
+++