+++
author = "Rose Matafeo"
title = "Rose Matafeo Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Rose Matafeo Quotes"
keywords = "rose matafeo,rose matafeo quotes,rose matafeo quote,rose matafeo sayings,rose matafeo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can never enjoy anything in the moment. And, unfortunately, you live your life in the moment, and I find that incredibly difficult.''' ,'''You get used to such micro-aggressions, those sneaky remarks. Especially in comedy: when the mood is meant to be light you can get accused of not being able to take a joke.''' ,'''Most of what I like doing in performing is connecting with an audience. What's the point of doing standup if you're not doing that?''' ,'''It's almost like I'm obsessed with being in love.''' ,'''I'm very ambitious. I'm the kind of person who still feels as if they could win an Oscar. Albeit, with no evidence to support that expectation whatsoever.''' ,'''I literally tried to get one date in five months in Auckland, and I couldn't. Auckland is quite small, so you know everyone, and everyone in Auckland has a partner already, so there's nobody to date.''' ,'''I felt that mainstream comedy caters to men and people don't even notice.''' ,'''I like dressing up when I can... but it's like when someone does my make-up or my hair and I feel uncomfortable or I'm wearing something weird, I just feel like it's not the best representation of myself.''' ,'''The fact that I went back to New Zealand, a country where you are legally allowed to date, and I couldn't manage to get one - I was like, I'm done with this country. I'm fleeing back to London.''' ,'''Either I'm going to be like an MGM starlet - get married five times, it will be a bit of a laugh - or I will get pregnant, by accident, with someone I barely know. We'll get through it. They'll be a great co-parent. We definitely won't end up together.''' ,'''New Zealand has this funny attitude towards celebrities where we're not so impressed. We are secretly impressed, but we never want to show it, so we're not sycophantic about it.''' ,'''You can see that the successful comedians who have come from New Zealand, like Flight of the Conchords, they had the time to become what they are, and go overseas as a fully formed thing.''' ,'''I've always been an anxious performer. I've never liked performing.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I always have the talent to do something - I think I definitely probably have a moderate amount of talent - but I can pretend to have confidence or, I guess, charisma... It's so hard to look at myself like that.''' ,'''I'm never intently political about anything, I just speak my mind from my perspective.''' ,'''I like silly photos of me, looking stupid.''' ,'''A lot of stand-up is talking about your perspective in the world and your experiences in life. And I think it takes any comedian a while to find out what their thing is, or what they feel good doing on stage.''' ,'''Every time I go back to New Zealand I live with my Nan, and it is the sweetest thing. I don't know if she fully understood how much you are catered for on set, so she'd send me to work with like, pavlovas and lemon drizzle cakes and smoked snapper.''' ,'''Being a comedian, all the stress is there in the moment of doing it. The rest of it is mint: you hang out with your mates, go to the arcades, go to the cinema in the daytime, it's like being a teenager all the time.''' ,'''For so many years, women and people who aren't white have had to be undeniable to get into line-ups.''' ,'''Unfortunately we live in a world where I think women aren't actively encouraged or at least not empowered to make good work in every creative sphere, particularly in comedy.''' ,'''Comedy is quite hard and it takes like a decade to figure out what kind of comedian you are, so don't quit.''' ,'''I'm highly anxious, ambitious, and very hard on myself.''' ,'''Part of making a relationship work is compromise and I think the idea of compromise in relationships is something that we lack in my generation.''' ,'''People have told me I've got no filter or I'm a bit of an over-sharer.''' ,'''But being in love - or actually just chasing boys who don't like me as much as I like them - for me is the ultimate thing.''' ,'''Being an aunty is the best - exactly what I wanted from this - someone to have ownership over but no obligation to take care of.''' ,'''When you have a kid, it is the death of a certain life, but it's also the start of a new version of it.''' ,'''I would hate to be a standup comedian for ever. It would not be good. It would be the worst.''' ,'''I'm a fan of classic romance films as well as screwball comedies. I think love stories are just compelling narratives.''' ,'''I wanted to make a TV show that I would want to watch and I naturally gravitated towards the genre of rom-com, because that's something that I have so much love for.''' ,'''I wear sneakers all the time. Well, I can't fit any girls' shoes. I've got big feet.''' ,]
+++