+++
author = "Millie Bobby Brown"
title = "Millie Bobby Brown Quotes"
quotes_len = "68"
description = "the best 68 Millie Bobby Brown Quotes"
keywords = "millie bobby brown,millie bobby brown quotes,millie bobby brown quote,millie bobby brown sayings,millie bobby brown saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a dog. It's an English mastiff called Dolly. Her middle name is Poppy.''' ,'''I write many essays on whales. I love whales, especially orcas. And dolphins.''' ,'''I'm very generous, and I really want people to see that I am - that's really it.''' ,'''I started singing before I started talking. And that's the God's honest truth. I think it was something that I've always loved to do, even if I wasn't good at it. I just loved ballads.''' ,'''I was born in Spain.''' ,'''It's crazy because, you know, my parents always want me to watch old films to make me realize how amazing some of the older actors are. And I was obsessed as soon as I watched 'Stand by Me.'''' ,'''I'm cool with people dressing up as Eleven for Halloween. I definitely want to open my door and give them candy.''' ,'''I've watched the Emmys for almost my whole life, so it was crazy to finally be there in the audience clapping and actually going on stage. Hopefully one day I'll get to be actually nominated.''' ,'''I love the beach and rock climbing and boxing and nature, so I like to stay away from my phone as much as possible.''' ,'''I sort of knew I was a bit of a drama queen. I always threw tantrums, so I knew I wasn't a normal child.''' ,'''It makes so much sense to just love what you do and go to work every day to get to get to work.''' ,'''A lot of people say to me, 'Stay grounded; be humble.' David Schwimmer was just like, 'You need to love what you do.' And I think that's really nice. Just love your work. My family has given me great advice saying, you know, 'Don't work too hard.' And it's really nice to have someone like that - you know that they love you.''' ,'''There's this one show that I want to be in so badly. I'd try everything to get into 'The Walking Dead.' I don't even care if I'm a zombie.''' ,'''I've been acting since I was 9, so not exactly a baby.''' ,'''I love Amy Winehouse. I'm obsessed with her, I think she's brilliant. And Ed Sheeran is just my all-time fave.''' ,'''I didn't do school plays... I've never done a play in my life, actually. Not even a nativity.''' ,'''Honestly, I think Lily Collins and Felicity Jones. I think they're very classy, they're elegant, they're British, and they really inspire me because they're incredible actresses.''' ,'''I never liked sleeping in the dark. I have, like, twinkle stars around my bed, so it's not so bad.''' ,'''I love the '80s. I'm obsessed with it. I love the hair and the people.''' ,'''I don't celebrate really crazy.''' ,'''I don't care what I look like; it's how people think of me. And I do care how people think of me. I want people to say, 'Oh, she's nice,' rather than, 'Oh, she's so pretty.'''' ,'''I go by my instincts. It's whatever I feel in the scene in the moment.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with working out. I eat like a pig, so it kind of makes up for that.''' ,'''I had best friends who were in the industry, and I'm like, it's cool if you get a job, and I'm happy.''' ,'''Guacamole is really healthy. It's really good for your skin.''' ,'''I love scary films.''' ,'''I don't look at negative comments because my parents and family don't let me. My big sister controls my Instagram, and my big brother controls my Twitter. I also don't really Google myself or anything like that.''' ,'''Orcas are my spirit animal. That's my favorite mammal.''' ,'''Boys on set drives me a little bit loopy.''' ,'''I am a really great daughter.''' ,'''My family is really proper.''' ,'''I was like, 'I've got to watch some more of these.' And yeah, I watched 'E.T.,' which I absolutely love. I'm not a big crier, but that just always makes me cry.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I just do my job. I love my art.''' ,'''I could live without my phone. And one thing I'd love to do is experience having the freedom that kids had back in the '80s.''' ,'''I could give up my phone any day. I don't need it.''' ,'''It's nice to have famous people love you.''' ,'''My parents are so amazing, and they've travelled around the world with me.''' ,'''I'd probably say I'm very strong. If somebody says something horrible, I'm like, 'Okay, whatever.'''' ,'''I feel very lucky. My family and I have worked hard, and I feel very grateful.''' ,'''I actually have a punching bag right outside in my garden.''' ,'''I'm very outspoken. I will ask a silly question, but I really am deadly serious. I'm like, 'I want to know the answer.'''' ,'''There are positive things that come of social media as well as negative.''' ,'''I'm not a girly girl.''' ,'''With my platform, anyway, I want to try and do good things and want to help people.''' ,'''I'm really small, so I think if I shrink, I'd turn into a puddle.''' ,'''I love Carrie Fisher, and it would be amazing to carry on her legacy.''' ,'''It was really fun to play a period piece because I've never done that before and it's completely different.''' ,'''My brother's really well-spoken.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I just do my job. I love my art. But I genuinely want to change the world. I'm very generous, and I really want people to see that I am - that's really it.''' ,'''I have three other siblings, so it's all very equal - even when I get a little cocky, which I usually do. My brother keeps me in a headlock. He says that I'm not a celebrity in this house. I think I'm really chilled out and grounded.''' ,'''I don't actually watch 'Grey's Anatomy.' When I was in it, I kind of knew that it was a big deal. My sister's a big fan, so I kind of knew.''' ,'''Sharks freak me out.''' ,'''For some reason, I like seeing people feel emotional.''' ,'''I didn't do school plays... I've never done a play in my life, actually. Not even a nativity. If I'd been in a school play, I'd probably have sneezed and messed everything up.''' ,'''I really enjoy playing a challenging role.''' ,'''Working, for me, is like a gift.''' ,'''I started singing before I started tweeting, actually. It was always a passion... I started singing, and then I got into acting. Singing is something I love to do. I feel very confident doing it.''' ,'''You don't even realise how much you need Internet, but it really stops you from doing a lot.''' ,'''If I'd been in a school play, I'd probably have sneezed and messed everything up.''' ,'''I love Adele. Adele is my favorite artist. She's British. She's funny. She's just an amazing, incredible voice, and I love to sing as well.''' ,'''I'm quite sarcastic, and I'm funny, but not kind of funny. It's a weird funny, and some people don't get me, and some people do.''' ,'''I do Thai boxing Mondays, jujitsu Tuesdays and Thursdays, and Wednesdays I do boxing with Mark - he was a world champion at one point. I absolutely love it. I actually have a punching bag outside in my garden. I'm obsessed with working out. I eat like a pig, so it kind of makes up for that.''' ,'''I love playing Eleven.''' ,'''I was bored one day, so my dad took me to this acting school. I liked it more than having fun - I liked it for an actual job.''' ,'''The thing is, I get asked when I first knew I wanted to act so often, and I genuinely can't answer it. It's just... I got the bug, and that's it.''' ,'''Singing is something I love to do. I feel very confident doing it.''' ,'''I have two hands: one for me, one for other people.''' ,'''I'm keeping the pixie. I hope I inspire people... it's really cool to have short hair.''' ,]
+++