+++
author = "Owain Yeoman"
title = "Owain Yeoman Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Owain Yeoman Quotes"
keywords = "owain yeoman,owain yeoman quotes,owain yeoman quote,owain yeoman sayings,owain yeoman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Being typecast is the enemy of any actor, so if you can try to do something that flips on the head peoples' ideas of who you are or what you can do, that's my biggest aim.''' ,'''I've done all the table reads for Johnny Depp as Jack Sparrow for all the pirate movies, because he's just been doing other stuff, and I just love the whole Jack Sparrow thing he's got going on; it is just genius, and I just think he has so much fun with it.''' ,'''Oh my goodness me, Daniel Day-Lewis - huge, huge fan of his. I've always loved his philosophy on acting: he always talks about returning to a state of play.''' ,'''I'm a voracious reader, and I love to throw myself into it.''' ,'''My mom was a history teacher, so I couldn't really avoid history when I was growing up. But we're very light on American history. We don't really have great opportunities to study both the Civil War and the Revolution.''' ,'''A friend of mine is a chef in Bali, and another friend said, 'God, he's like Brad Pitt,' and I said, 'Yeah, I think he's more like arm Pitt,' 'cause, you know, 'Brad Pitt' would be a bit of an overstatement.''' ,'''The nature of an ensemble means when you're a supporting character and not the lead character, you get little tidbits here and there, but you're usually there to provide bits of comic relief and little bits of action or something.''' ,'''I work in a business of extremes, so when you are with someone who is very calm and logical, it's a great kind of balance to have.''' ,'''Since I finished on 'The Mentalist,' I didn't need to be so near to the studio, so we decided to move a bit further out where you can get more house for your money, too. It definitely feels more like home.''' ,'''I was doing a scene in a medical tent in 18th-century battle dress, pantaloons and a ripped shirt, and the guy from the crew kept asking me if I was OK, if I was too cold. I told him, 'Are you kidding? I'm from Wales!'''' ,'''From an actor's point of view, you never really like to hope that anything will go beyond the pilot. I'd always say to my agent every time I filmed a pilot, 'Great! Well, I'll see you at pilot season.'''' ,'''Gigi is my perfect partner. She's my best friend. She's the most fun of anyone I know, and she's also the kindest and most tolerant person.''' ,'''If the day comes where I can have my own action figure... I defy any actor to say that's not a good day.''' ,'''I will say the scope of the 'Supergirl' pilot was incredible. I've personally never been involved in something with such a huge production value and scope.''' ,'''I went from working with Spielberg to working with Clint Eastwood - I might as well just retire.''' ,'''I think from an actor's point of view, you always want something to play that's dramatic or something that feels like it could be very bold in choice. And of course, the boldest possible choice you could play at the end of a character's life is death.''' ,'''I love a challenge, and I love challenging people's preconceptions.''' ,'''I didn't want to be an accountant; I found myself being a banker, which was a bit different. I went to university, and I was going to do a Ph.D. in the States, but I didn't get the funding for it, so I had two years where I had a bit of a wobble and didn't really know what I wanted to do, and I ended up working as a banker.''' ,'''I love Wales, and Cardiff is great, but if I could just have the weather we have in California, it would be perfect.''' ,]
+++