+++
author = "Kazuchika Okada"
title = "Kazuchika Okada Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Kazuchika Okada Quotes"
keywords = "kazuchika okada,kazuchika okada quotes,kazuchika okada quote,kazuchika okada sayings,kazuchika okada saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to keep going to new audiences and showing people firsthand how great NJPW is.''' ,'''I was a young age, 16 years old, in Mexico. I traveled to these different countries, and I have the new style from Mexico and TNA. I wrestled two years in Florida, then back in Japan, and everything combined for a new style. It's different. I was looking for old school wrestling that looked new.''' ,'''Dropkicks are old moves, but I wanted to make a new version of an old move.''' ,'''I had no aspirations beyond middle school except to wrestle, no reason to go into high school. This world is all I've known since 15 years of age.''' ,'''There is more emotion in a match in New Japan. The matches here in the U.S. are so fast that sometime they lack emotion. It is move, move, move.''' ,'''So, wrestling, being strong, having good matches? I learned that in New Japan. But as a TV character? TNA was good.''' ,'''When I was just a strong wrestler, TNA didn't use me. I didn't have a character, so I knew I needed one.''' ,'''I heard of the word 'rainmaker.' It means one particular star who could make a company or project rich and successful. Someone that makes it rain with money. I thought it was a really good concept, so I took over that idea to become the rainmaker.''' ,'''I was always a good wrestler. I feel like I can wrestle anybody.''' ,'''Tenryu is a legend in Japan.''' ,'''I didn't get to wrestle at all in TNA. I wanted to wrestle, and they wouldn't let me.''' ,'''New Japan is far superior to WWE when it comes to the quality of the roster and the quality of the matches.''' ,'''I learned in TNA that I needed more than just a good match - I needed a character. That's how I became the 'Rainmaker.' It was good for me.''' ,'''Hell, I might want to be like some other people and become a movie star or join the UFC. You never know.''' ,'''Jay White has a great chance to make his name off of me. But I'm not going to make that easy.''' ,'''TNA didn't use me, but I got hungrier to wrestle. The struggle made me better.''' ,'''To have a Japanese wrestler standing as the face of professional wrestling, there's only one person for that spot, and it's me.''' ,'''My dream is to bring a G1 tournament to the United States. I want to do a G1 in front of American crowds.''' ,'''I am new school, but Ultimo Dragon taught me that wrestling is a fight. He taught me the importance of the fighting spirit in the ring.''' ,'''I'm going to show you how we do it in New Japan Pro Wrestling. That's what you get whenever I wrestle, whoever's in the ring with me.''' ,'''I am the face of NJPW.''' ,'''Of course I wanted to main-event wrestling matches in TNA, but in their eyes, no, that would not happen. So I went back to New Japan.''' ,'''From what I can see, gone are the days where you can just be the strongest, and that will put you at the top. It takes a little bit more... something else to grab the attention of not just pro wrestling fans but fans in general - to catch their eye.''' ,'''In all honesty, I'm not interested in records.''' ,'''Many people ask me about WWE and if I'd go to WWE in the future. They ask me if I'm going now. I will not go. I want to make New Japan Pro-Wrestling bigger.''' ,'''I really appreciate ROH for letting me wrestle in the United States. American fans get to see me and get to see New Japan. Ring of Honor lets us do that.''' ,'''There's no bigger a superstar, and nobody closer with the fans, than Kazuchika Okada.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I really admired anyone. When I was a kid, there were definitely a lot of tough guys, but they weren't really cool. If anything, that was an influence on me: to take that toughness and combine it with the cool style, the cool entrance, the cool gear - and driving to work in a Ferrari.''' ,'''I started wrestling in Mexico, and then I came to New Japan.''' ,'''Being the longest-reigning champion isn't that big a deal to me because records are made to be broken.''' ,'''IWGP is the number one title in the world.''' ,'''I think it's cool to be able to show people who don't know anything about NJPW what we do.''' ,'''My dropkick is from Mexico, but my fighting spirit is from Japan.''' ,'''I'm the best, not Omega. I love New Japan more than Omega, and I will continue to prove that.''' ,'''I love working in front of American crowds.''' ,'''I'm not interested in WWE at all.''' ,'''I should hold the IWGP title always.''' ,'''I like doing the shows with Ring of Honor, but I don't want to leave Japan.''' ,]
+++