+++
author = "Bob Lilly"
title = "Bob Lilly Quotes"
quotes_len = "6"
description = "the best 6 Bob Lilly Quotes"
keywords = "bob lilly,bob lilly quotes,bob lilly quote,bob lilly sayings,bob lilly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I attribute my entire football career, as far as getting me started, getting me interested, keeping me that way was my father. He went to every game even though he was crippled and wasn't real healthy.''' ,'''Today, free agency takes away a lot of your heroes, they go somewhere else. Some of them don't but a lot of them do-take the higher offer to go somewhere else. And, it turns the fans off because they get attached to the players.''' ,'''I think when you are the parents of a gifted athlete, the best thing in the world you can do is to encourage them, in my opinion. My dad didn't push me and I didn't push my children in athletics.''' ,'''Some of the money going to the rookies can now be spent on people who have proved their worth. After all, the average playing life of a pro football player is about eight years and it is only fitting that the veterans get something for their efforts.''' ,'''We started playing the Baltimore Colts early, and I was still very impressed with Johnny Unitas, who just passed away recently. I thought he was one of the best quarterbacks at the time when I was very young, he was in his prime.''' ,'''I think Jim Taylor was very underrated, never hear much about him. We played Green Bay every year in exhibition, and generally we played them every couple of years in regular season. And I always thought he was a fierce competitor.''' ,]
+++