+++
author = "Kimbal Musk"
title = "Kimbal Musk Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Kimbal Musk Quotes"
keywords = "kimbal musk,kimbal musk quotes,kimbal musk quote,kimbal musk sayings,kimbal musk saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Advertisers really want to create ads that are relevant to the realtime experience.''' ,'''The reality is that we connect through food, and we have the opportunity to do it three times a day.''' ,'''Tesla Motor's original business plan had a copy of a letter from Nikola Tesla from the late 19th century talking about the challenges inherent in gasoline engines and the promise of the electric engine.''' ,'''We want kids in communities to know real food, and we want them to have a choice between real food and industrial food.''' ,'''Let's get government support for farmers to make the transition to organic.''' ,'''People love to interact in real time, whether it is with each other or with content.''' ,'''It's only a risk if you think there's a chance of failure.''' ,'''Our family are all very hard working.''' ,'''Food is the new Internet.''' ,'''If you've ever done something you love and go do something you like, it's like chewing on sawdust.''' ,'''I used to throw cooking parties in university. Everyone would come over - sometimes you'd just do a mac and cheese, but if you do that better than everyone else, you can get people to come to you.''' ,'''At Tesla, we don't go into a community and think we're going to sell one or two cars.''' ,'''Newspapers have an extraordinary amount of local content, including real estate listings and restaurant reviews.''' ,'''People want real food. The demand for it is through the roof.''' ,'''The question is not 'Why advertise in realtime?' The question is, 'Who are the brands and businesses that are going to be built off the realtime web?'''' ,'''I really believe that people don't have to eat healthy; they just have to know what they are eating, and then they'll eat better. That is really the movement we are behind.''' ,'''Strong communities are built around local, real food. Food we trust to nourish our bodies, the farmer and planet.''' ,'''It's pretty rough in South Africa. It's a rough culture. Imagine rough - well, it's rougher than that.''' ,'''It would be so simple for the government to support farmers to become more profitable and farm sustainably.''' ,'''I had this attitude, that Silicon Valley obnoxious attitude, that I know what I'm doing, and the rest was going to be pretty easy.''' ,'''Twenty-first-century food is going to be real food. Real food is food that is truly nourishing for the consumer, the community, and the planet.''' ,'''Kids gave Elon a very hard time, and it had a huge impact on his life.''' ,'''Young people contact me all the time to articulate issues with the industrial food system, but they are frustrated by their perceived inability to do anything about it.''' ,'''For me, creating a supply chain of what we should be eating is incredibly complicated. It's complicated to figure out how to change the food system in America.''' ,'''We have been growing more food than we need since the '60s... what we have is a terrible distribution problem.''' ,'''My mother was a consulting dietician, and my father was a consulting engineer.''' ,'''Square Roots creates campuses of climate-controlled, indoor, hydroponic vertical farms, right in the hearts of our biggest cities.''' ,'''My advice for any entrepreneur or innovator is to get into the food industry in some form so you have a front-row seat to what's going on.''' ,'''I joined the board of Chipotle because no company has ever been able to scale fresh, properly sourced food in the history of America.''' ,'''The idea behind fast food is great - people want convenience.''' ,'''A lot of people think about food as fuel, where you need to get nutrients in your body.''' ,'''If you come to The Kitchen and get a pork chop with polenta, which is our kind of food - simple - there is only one way it should taste at The Kitchen.''' ,'''The industrial food system ships in high-calorie, low-nutrient, processed food from thousands of miles away. It leaves us disconnected from our food and the people who grow it.''' ,'''Food never ends. It's one of the greatest things about working on food - we're always going to need food.''' ,'''I was very afraid of failure because if you fail at something you love, then you ruin what you love.''' ,'''People are overweight and starving at the same time. It's a tragedy for both the individual and society.''' ,'''Growing up, I cooked in the house, and when I cooked, everyone would sit down and eat, and it was just kind of the way I connected with my family.''' ,'''The Kitchen was a really great concept; it just wasn't at the price point that made it accessible to people. People could visit occasionally, and some people were coming regularly. It just wasn't a novel concept for every customer.''' ,'''We already solved the problem of feeding the world in the 1960s, when we started serving cheeseburgers.''' ,'''Community through food is my mission; it is what I do.''' ,'''People always ask what kind of restaurant we have, and it's like a five-minute conversation. The short answer is, 'We're creating community through food.' That's the big idea we had, the product we're exporting. And it has paid off.''' ,'''My goal is to go from the industrial food system toward a real food system where you understand what you are eating.''' ,'''Memphis is a vibrant and diverse city that is on the verge of a Real Food renaissance. We are more than thrilled to be part of that movement by investing in the Crosstown and Shelby Farms Park developments.''' ,'''You bring people together with food. You connect them and tie the fabric of society together through food.''' ,'''The hard part about following your purpose is the distraction everyone pulls you toward.''' ,'''Back in 1995, I saw an incredible wave coming. The Internet. I knew I needed to be a part of it no matter what I did.''' ,'''The Kitchen's mission is to strengthen communities by bringing local, real food to everyone.''' ,'''I have always loved food, and for me, even if I was on a beach, I would be cooking food every day.''' ,'''It's relatively easy to set up a tech company, join an accelerator, and progress down a pathway towards success. It's more complex to do that with food.''' ,'''The one lesson I've learned from technology and food is the only time you know you're doing the wrong thing is when you're doing what everyone else is doing.''' ,'''I want to make the school-garden movement work.''' ,'''My brother is about energy. SpaceX is his passion, and I love being a part of that company. Energy is where he spends a lot of his time and thinking in terms of having an impact on the world.''' ,'''We want kids to value real food and understanding that it isn't just about feeding people but about nourishing the body, the community and the planet.''' ,'''The support we received at OneRiot from the beginning has been amazing. Everyone's door was open, and everyone was rooting for our success. In turn, our team at OneRiot has done everything we can to return the favor.''' ,'''Anyone who thinks restaurants are hard should try working at a tech company.''' ,'''Learning Gardens are outdoor classrooms, engaging learning environments where kids learn about math, science, entrepreneurship, and above all else, real food.''' ,'''We want our communities to know what real food is.''' ,'''After I broke my neck, I began thinking more about The Kitchen: How can we come up with some way to make real food more affordable? Food that's locally-grown, if possible, fundamentally nourishing to the body, nourishing to the planet.''' ,'''Nikola Tesla spent one of his most productive years in Colorado Springs.''' ,'''I'm going to work on food culture and help food become fun and part of peoples' lives again. The traditional restaurant is more commercial-oriented. But I want community through food.''' ,'''I did a business in a box called College Pro Painters. They taught you how to paint houses, how to hire and fire, how to sell, how to deal with customers. You got a one-year franchise. It was the hardest year of my life in terms of hard work. I won manager of the year. It was very successful.''' ,'''The best training ground in the world is Silicon Valley and the tech space.''' ,'''We want to replace all the T.G.I. Friday's, Applebee's - at a price point that is arguably even lower than those guys.''' ,'''My family were all entrepreneurs, including my parents and grandparents.''' ,'''The problem is that restaurants have assumed that kids don't want to eat anything other than chicken nuggets or fast-food burgers, but they do. They want to eat things that taste good.''' ,'''The problem with industrial food is zero transparency. The system thrives on the fact that there is no transparency.''' ,'''After my accident, the stuff that mattered was stuff that made a difference in the world, not the stuff that made money.''' ,'''As a kid, I'd never have avocado. You'd get some melon and the odd fresh peach. But avocados? Mangoes? I'd never had a mango in my life.''' ,'''As a South African, the idea of turkey was new to me. And confusing. It's about the least flavorful bird on the planet.''' ,'''If you're a commodity corn farmer in Iowa, you're locked into an infrastructure that keeps you a commodity corn farmer.''' ,'''We're social beings, and food is one of the things we can use three times a day to connect with family or with friends.''' ,'''We get emails from parents asking us what kale is because their kids are asking for it. That kind of extraordinary presence in the community is critical to the future of real food.''' ,'''We believe PulseRank will replace PageRank over time for the real-time Web.''' ,'''I went to New York to train as a chef, and I had the good or bad fortune, depending on how you describe it, of being right there during 9/11. It was one of the best and the worst experiences.''' ,'''The Kitchen, which my wife and I opened with our friend and amazing chef Hugo Matheson, was quickly recognized as the pioneer in 'green' restaurants across the country.''' ,'''Building one garden in L.A. - it might be a nice gesture - but it won't make a difference. We have to start to change the culture of the community.''' ,'''Start with the young, work with them until they are adults, and they will demand real food.''' ,'''Young people, especially, are turning away from McDonald's towards healthy, locally-sourced options like Next Door and Sweetgreen.''' ,'''When you think about basketball, and you watch someone like Michael Jordan play basketball - even if you're a baseball player, there's still a lot to learn from there.''' ,'''We're moving to be more of a plant-based society.''' ,'''It is an interesting thing. Every time I try and stray from the path of food, I get whacked.''' ,'''Realtime ads are the perfect way for an advertiser to connect with users in a social environment.''' ,'''Users are open to ads as long as they're relevant to their realtime experience.''' ,'''Boulder was not the small town I had expected. It is a vivacious community of sophisticated people, who have the same aspirations and expectations you find in New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco.''' ,'''No one wins in the industrial food system.''' ,'''The problem is not actual number of calories we are producing - we have food waste issues. The problem is industrial food.''' ,'''If you're a vegan fast food joint in L.A., you just don't speak the same language as the heartland.''' ,'''Publishers can use realtime ad technology to build their brand on the realtime web. Realtime ad technology gets their hottest content in front of users seconds after it is published, ensuring that their content gets shared and becomes viral before their competitors.''' ,'''There's no doubt about it: people want local, real food.''' ,'''You should brine your turkey. Don't even think about not brining your turkey. Ever.''' ,'''Nikola Tesla, one of Colorado's famous residents, always believed that the gasoline engine made no sense.''' ,'''Microwave sales have plateaued as people realize that reheated TV dinners give us no joy.''' ,'''Using realtime ads, even mortgage companies can create ads that matter to you right now.''' ,'''Sadly, many people in our biggest cities are at the mercy of industrial food.''' ,'''But for a few twists of fate, the gasoline engine we know today might have just been a small footnote in history.''' ,'''Everyone has to eat, so the opportunities in the space are incredible.''' ,'''I was totally humbled by how hard it is to create a product every day that needs to be made from scratch.''' ,'''Boulder should be next to the word 'community' in the dictionary.''' ,'''When you have the demand, you can change the government policies that create McDonald's and junk food.''' ,]
+++