+++
author = "Brendon Urie"
title = "Brendon Urie Quotes"
quotes_len = "132"
description = "the best 132 Brendon Urie Quotes"
keywords = "brendon urie,brendon urie quotes,brendon urie quote,brendon urie sayings,brendon urie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Synthesizers were looked at as stealing the soul of music, but then there were these new bands who used it to contradict that idea.''' ,'''I'm always creating. Whether I'm writing a lyric or making a beat, every day I'm doing something.''' ,'''I'm still a very big fan of Fiona Apple.''' ,'''I want to write something that celebrates life, that's fun to listen to.''' ,'''The first show we ever played was at my church.''' ,'''I always miss New York when I leave it.''' ,'''I guess if I had to classify myself, I'd say I'm straight.''' ,'''B-52's are one of the most unique bands, not just sonically but aesthetically, too. When you look at them, you know it's the B-52's.''' ,'''When we first moved to California from Las Vegas, we got into surfing. We figured we should do something to get in shape, but we hate working out. Surfing is definitely a work out.''' ,'''I think the only festival I ever went to was Warped Tour.''' ,'''What I love is getting polarized opinions.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of electronic dance music.''' ,'''Some of my favourite record and album covers and stuff have all been the singer, and they create a character, and they dress up a little bit.''' ,'''The album cover of 'Death of a Bachelor' is me on my roof of my backyard, so that's my place where I spend most of my time writing.''' ,'''My music library is all over the place. I've got A$AP Rocky; I've got Billy Joel. I've got, like, Celine Dion albums that I just worship. There's all kinds of different stuff.''' ,'''I like to see how other people work and be part of their stuff and see what I can do to be part of their worlds. Its a pretty big challenge, and that excites me.''' ,'''I recorded 'The End of All Things' right before I married my now wife. We had no vows publicly, so I wrote her this song and told her, 'This is how I see our relationship.'''' ,'''Panic! for me has been an outlet for nonchalant chaos. It gives me full ride to fulfill this dream that anything is possible because of this band.''' ,'''I haven't mowed a lawn in quite a while, but I remember hating that when I was growing up. To please Dad, you have to get it right, and that's the thing. You have to please Dad.''' ,'''The future should be exciting, you know? It shouldn't be a nerve-wracking experience.''' ,'''When I was younger, I thought once I hit 25, I'd slow down. Nope!''' ,'''There are bands like Imagine Dragon, Grouplove, and fun. who have come along and shifted the way that rock can sound.''' ,'''There's always nerves when you're releasing something.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I grew up watching musicals.''' ,'''There's so much music from Led Zeppelin that I think I overlooked when I was a kid because I didn't understand it, so now to revisit it at an older age, I have a deeper appreciation for it.''' ,'''Halsey's a really great artist - her voice is great, and she has a really cool message behind her songs.''' ,'''My family is very religious.''' ,'''Panic! at the Disco, for me, has been an outlet to do whatever. I never felt like there were any rules. It was always carte blanche. I could do whatever I wanted. There were no rules set yet for the band. It just felt right.''' ,'''I have no qualms: no shame, no guilt, no embarrassment. I tend to act out a lot.''' ,'''I know I'm not a buff dude in any sense, but I'm more than comfortable with my body.''' ,'''I would love to act. I get to do it in three and a half minutes in a video on a three-day shoot, which is fun.''' ,'''I learned to play drums to the 'Blue Album.'''' ,'''I mostly listen to things that are so different because there's something so intriguing about trying to understand where someone is coming from.''' ,'''Every song that we wrote for the first album made it. We didn't think about writing a bunch of songs and picking the best ones. We had to just make the best songs we ever wrote.''' ,'''From the first time I heard Bob Marley or even Sublime, I wanted to move out to California and be near the ocean, start surfing, start being a part of that whole thing.''' ,'''If you kill the arts, you kill love, and you kill progress.''' ,'''I love being the center of attention. I'm shameless about it.''' ,'''I think it's healthy for bands to discover new, older stuff.''' ,'''I love Journey and Fleetwood Mac.''' ,'''Playing in arenas, that's very non-personal with the crowd.''' ,'''I've never considered myself a lyricist, but I have stuff to say.''' ,'''People who stand in the way of where people are walking - I hate that.''' ,'''It never came into question, taking the name away or changing it. Panic! has always symbolised some form of excitement that I couldn't get elsewhere.''' ,'''I fell into music, but I just needed to find the right moment to jump into acting.''' ,'''My capacity for wanting to create has never faltered. If anything, it's gained momentum.''' ,'''I learned about being positive from my parents. They're the most positive people I've ever known.''' ,'''I wish I was Freddie Mercury, straight up.''' ,'''I think, for me, one of the biggest things that I struggle with is keeping the excitement up when writing a song. A lot of times, I'll get pretty frustrated early on.''' ,'''I don't listen to a ton of rock music.''' ,'''Our fans are definitely dedicated. We see them at all the shows, just faces that we've recognized for years. They keep coming back, and it's awesome.''' ,'''I used to watch the Broadway 'Les Miz' and study it.''' ,'''I always want to keep challenging myself to do something that I don't even have the foresight to know what it's going to be.''' ,'''I was so enthralled watching 'Guys and Dolls' and learning about the Rat Pack.''' ,'''I find myself being attracted to dudes all the time. I'm like, 'Wow, that's a beautiful man.' There's no shame in it; that's how I feel.''' ,'''To see fans singing your songs back to you is an indescribable thing.''' ,'''When I got the 'Blue Album,' I was 11 years old, 10 years old, and then I convinced my parents to go and get my first drum kit, which was, like, 600 bucks.''' ,'''I really like musicals - 'The Music Man,' 'Oklahoma!,' 'Li'l Abner,' 'Annie Get Your Gun.'''' ,'''Since I was a kid - youngest of five kids - I've always been starved for attention, like 'Look at me! Look at me! Look what I can do!'''' ,'''I seriously love Cleveland. It's a great city.''' ,'''I love traveling, I love waking up in a new city every day.''' ,'''I've always been that person: If it gets into my head, I've got to do it until I get it perfect - a perfectionist's attitude.''' ,'''I used to be unusually short, and I think I'd prefer that to being unusually tall.''' ,'''I didn't even go to graduation.''' ,'''I love to surf. Hawaii has some of the best waves in the world, and the most consistent as well. That's always fun.''' ,'''I like surprising myself. I don't want to do the norm, do what I'm always known to do, write how I like to write.''' ,'''Hip hop is doing the new rock thing; there are no rules. They can do anything, really. And that's inspiring.''' ,'''One of the most frustrating parts about songwriting for me is production, but it makes me want to get better at it and ends up being one of the most rewarding parts of it.''' ,'''You can create some soul out of something that's electronic or mechanical.''' ,'''There's always a bit of nerves that come with expectations and new situations.''' ,'''I guess a lot of people don't like talking.''' ,'''I've just gotten better at partying. I haven't stopped or slowed down by any means. If anything, it's increased. But if anything, it's just more fun now.''' ,'''It's so crazy to think about touring with Weezer because that's a band that I grew up with.''' ,'''Buffalo Wild Wings is always a good choice.''' ,'''Having a very serious thematic element in the lyrics and then juxtaposing with something really triumphant and just a big beat to dance to is a nice contrast to having a dark message.''' ,'''I'm a pretty good drummer. I'm pretty good at guitar, bass and piano. I can play accordion; I'm not virtuoso. I've played cello before. My sister played it, and I know how to play it, but I'm not the best. Violin is kind of the same thing.''' ,'''It's not really a popular consensus to sing Sinatra - which I love! And I just think it's so cool that he disliked rock n' roll so much.''' ,'''If I had come out with an album called 'Brendon Urie Does...' everyone would have been like, 'Who?' Even five albums in, I'm still faceless wherever I go, which is great.''' ,'''When I was a kid, we had acoustic guitars, a piano in the house. I made a drum kit out of buckets in my garage.''' ,'''I still use a lot of good values from growing up in the Church, and there was a sense of community. But you were also being heavily judged by people that wanted to look down on you for not being as great as they are.''' ,'''Nobody had song titles that were as long as ours. A lot of it was just inside jokes.''' ,'''I'm curious what the acting world is like; I'm so foreign to it that I'd be curious to see what that's all about.''' ,'''Before I had a steady job, I was broke, and I didn't have any money to buy anything, so I would illegally download stuff.''' ,'''I have smaller hands, so it's nice being a littler guy, having a guitar that fits my body type.''' ,'''My favorite electric guitar would have to be my Duesenberg. I've named her 'Dolores,' and she sings like an operatic menace.''' ,'''I have no problem with people illegally downloading stuff. I'm not going to drive hard into 'You should buy my stuff,' because really, it's inevitable. If you like a song, you're going to download it for free. I have no problem with that.''' ,'''I like... piecing things together because it gives you a product that you would never have come up with just sitting down and writing on a blank slate.''' ,'''I've always been comfortable in my own skin - sometimes a little too comfortable, which in turn makes other people uncomfortable.''' ,'''If I could play Jean Valjean, I think that would be the pinnacle.''' ,'''The funny thing about the people I don't like - they're very self-centered.''' ,'''It's cool to be different and just be who you are and shock people in a good way.''' ,'''I fell in love with Sinatra when I was very young.''' ,'''I used to study 'Hunky Dory' - and be mad that I hadn't figured out anything that cool!''' ,'''I want to inflict some change on people.''' ,'''I think, you know, when you're a teenager, sometimes your emotions are a little bit more drastic than maybe when you're in your 20s. You sort of level out a little bit.''' ,'''When you can't put your finger on it, that's the most exciting stuff.''' ,'''I'm trying to be number one. I'm doing the best I can and working the hardest I've ever worked to ensure I've got that number one spot.''' ,''''Miss Jackson' is about something that actually happened to me when I was younger. I hadn't really talked about it, and I felt that if I didn't, I would keep thinking about it; it would drive me crazy.''' ,'''With an older generation, there's some weight carried with the Beatles. There's almost like an untouchable, god-like force field around them.''' ,'''On the first album, we were trying to do a pop-punk album with a classical influence. We'd say 'pop-punk,' and people would say, 'No, you're like burlesque-cabaret-punk,' or, 'It's baroque-pop,' and we were like, 'That sounds way cooler.'''' ,'''I've always wanted to do a cutesy little song with a guy and girl singing back and forth and thought that Regina Spektor would be kind of cool for that. I love her voice. She's an amazing musician.''' ,'''Touring is my religion. Music is all-encompassing - my religion.''' ,'''I love shopping online for clothes, but only from places that I'm familiar with their sizing.''' ,'''I have a massive hat collection, which includes many, many fedoras I haven't worn because of the stigma. I buy them thinking, 'I'm going to make people accept fedoras!' But with the way I dress, if I wore a fedora, I'd be in the camp that gives them a bad name.''' ,'''All through my senior year, luckily, I didn't have too many hard classes, just a lot of electives. I was able to spend most of my time at the practice space.''' ,'''I know Dan Reynolds from Imagine Dragons. We went to the same church. I'm pretty sure he's still Mormon. I left the church long ago.''' ,'''I really miss wearing costumes and makeup.''' ,'''There's actually a song called 'Vegas Lights,' which I wanted to be an anthem for Vegas, that represented how I felt when I went to the clubs. I felt this weird energy where everybody was having a good time, and it didn't matter. Dancing like nobody's watching. It was kind of beautiful.''' ,'''I just love making music, and I wouldn't want to stop.''' ,'''Other bands in Vegas hated us because we hadn't played shows and paid our dues. Publications called us out, saying we were just a put-together band, claiming we had ghostwriters. It made me so happy, the fact that everyone was hating on us so hard.''' ,'''Luckily, my wife is amazing. She's one of the few people in my life I'm completely honest with. I've told her everything about my past. She knows me inside and out. There's no secrets at all.''' ,'''My favorite type of pet has always been a dog. They're loyal, kind, and offer endless affection. My friend Eric says, 'The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.' Funny thought.''' ,'''Growing up, my earliest memories are listening to Sinatra Christmas albums.''' ,'''I was a maniac as a teenager; I'm not going to sugarcoat it. I was crazy.''' ,'''I've done a collaboration with Action Bronson, which is, like, the coolest thing I've done so far.''' ,'''I was gonna be a cosmetologist. I didn't really want to. I wanted to be in a band. It kind of worked out.''' ,'''I love Frank Sinatra. He is one of my biggest all-time idols.''' ,'''Writing a song to be a single is hard, and I don't like to focus on that because you can get caught up in making something just terrible, which is really easy to do if you're focused on making it a single. It's more fun when you focus on what excites you musically.''' ,'''You can't just be a musician; you have to be an entertainer and perform and act just to hit the bar.''' ,'''I'm so excited for 30. I hear it's OK. I'll probably do the same stuff, but I'll be more comfortable being who I am.''' ,'''There was a kid that used to pick on me... he used to drop my food and beat me up in little corners. Nothing serious, but tease me. I remember knocking his food out of his hand one time when he in the middle of explaining something to his friends, and they all laughed, so I thought that was pretty nice. 'Well, there you go buddy.'''' ,'''I have a room dedicated to music and recording. I go there first thing in the morning and just before I go to bed. And it has a window to my street, so I can watch all the crazies walking by.''' ,'''I like to be flamboyant, play characters, wear make-up, play dress up. I was doing that since I was a kid.''' ,'''I wanted to be an actor as a kid. My teacher in second grade had called a talent agency and had them call my house. My mom was so mad.''' ,'''It's just really cool to go to countries and play festivals for people who don't really know your band or don't ever get to see it. It's really nice.''' ,'''I thought that the older I got, that partying would change - and it has - in the way that now I know how to party.''' ,'''Change is always a little bit strange.''' ,'''We're all in this together. We're all sinners.''' ,'''I can go to festivals and open spaces, but if I'm in a crammed room with a bunch of people - oh my God.''' ,'''I had only heard about Fall Out Boy a couple months before we contacted him. I heard 'Saturday' and 'Grand Theft Autumn' and thought the lyrics were smart and the singer was insanely talented.''' ,'''When you have four people writing lyrics instead of one person, the lyrics are going to be a little more broad.''' ,'''I think that a band that cannot limit themselves to one genre and can kind of do a lot of different things.''' ,'''I played trumpet in middle school, and then I had to get braces, so I had to stop playing trumpet and start playing drums.''' ,]
+++