+++
author = "H. D. Kumaraswamy"
title = "H. D. Kumaraswamy Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 H. D. Kumaraswamy Quotes"
keywords = "h. d. kumaraswamy,h. d. kumaraswamy quotes,h. d. kumaraswamy quote,h. d. kumaraswamy sayings,h. d. kumaraswamy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The Congress and BJP both have refused to waive off farm loans from nationalised banks. I have shared that our party will do this if voted to power.''' ,'''As chief minister, I have worked towards implementing programmes strongly.''' ,'''I personally thank Rahul Gandhi. He has given me complete free hand in running the government.''' ,'''Employment for the younger generation is my top priority.''' ,'''I am a very sensitive person.''' ,'''Ours is not the only party which has more representation of family members.''' ,'''There is nothing unusual in coalition partners differing on some issues. It is a character of democratic system.''' ,'''People criticising me for my emotional outburst are not humans.''' ,'''There always will naturally be some differences when you form the government with coalition parties. Even some single party governments also face several issues.''' ,'''I have become the chief minister not with a selfish motive.''' ,'''We will not join hands with the Congress in any circumstance, because they are corrupt.''' ,'''No one can finish my party. Just because they have money power, they think they can finish us off.''' ,'''When my father was the Prime Minister, was there any terrorist activity in this country? The entire country was calm at that time.''' ,'''Unlike the Congress or the BJP leaders, who are away from people, I am not. I mix with people, and I know how they feel. That gives me an edge over the Congress and the BJP.''' ,'''I am not a saleable commodity.''' ,'''Basically, I'm an emotional man and a human being.''' ,'''One must realise that it is not a child's play to run a government.''' ,'''During elections, every party has a different strategy and issues.''' ,'''I'm an emotional person, but it is not my helplessness.''' ,'''My workers are efficient - instead of trusting those backstabbing, trust those who work honestly.''' ,'''My program intends to outsource tree plantation to uneducated rural men and women with a monthly salary of Rs5,000 for barely an hour's work.''' ,'''It is the BJP's duty to criticise and oppose me. I have no problem with that.''' ,'''It was the BJP that betrayed me when one of its members made the Rs 150-crore bribery allegation against me without evidence.''' ,'''Politics is nothing but opportunism.''' ,'''As head of the Karnataka government, it's my responsibility to implement the judgements and directions of the High Court.''' ,'''Poor Rahul Gandhi doesn't know the ABCD of Karnataka politics.''' ,'''From Mangaluru to Karwar, we have a 300-km stretch of sea. Tourism fuels Goa's economy and job creation. If they can do it, why can't we do it here?''' ,'''Unlike the Congress and BJP, which seek vote on communal lines, I seek votes on issues.''' ,'''I will work towards ensuring that farmers do not face any crisis and live up to the confidence they have reposed in me.''' ,'''People cutting across caste and communal lines like me. I go to north Karnataka, where people from all communities come to my meetings and rallies.''' ,'''Congress must control their MLAs.''' ,'''Before being CM, I am a human.''' ,'''Emotions are my weakness. It is in my blood. It is very difficult to control.''' ,'''When grave allegations of corruption and criminal charges were leveled against me, BJP leaders chose to take it lightly.''' ,'''According to me, all Congress leaders are supporting me. MLAs and leaders are happy with me.''' ,'''I have lived with the people, and I, too, know their pulse; I am the people's CM.''' ,'''We are neither anti-urban nor pro-rural. We know there is a gap between urban and rural areas; we are only trying to bridge it.''' ,'''I wanted to fulfil the unfinished agenda of my father, which was to solve the problems of farmers, daily wage workers, and downtrodden people, irrespective of their caste and religion.''' ,'''I have deep respect for our armed forces and jawans.''' ,'''I know the pain of coalition government.''' ,'''Exit polls have gone notoriously wrong in the past.''' ,'''Karnataka was known for its good governance. After the BJP came to power, they laid the foundation for bad administration.''' ,'''People of the country are totally disappointed with the administration of Narendra Modi.''' ,'''The considerations and aspirations of the people in the Lok Sabha polls is completely different from Assembly polls.''' ,'''My father was the prime minister and we had Tamil Nadu's support.''' ,'''We will give importance to performance while choosing officials.''' ,'''Mr. Modi is engaged in projecting himself as the saviour of the country by capitalising on the air strike following Pulwama attack.''' ,'''People have confidence in me.''' ,'''We have to convince people about the relevance of regional parties, and we are doing that.''' ,'''Everyone wants to come to Bengaluru and establish an empire. In the process, the most neglected people are Kannadigas, who are losing their land and identity. To protect our people, we need a regional party and not for anything else.''' ,]
+++