+++
author = "Jason Schwartzman"
title = "Jason Schwartzman Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Jason Schwartzman Quotes"
keywords = "jason schwartzman,jason schwartzman quotes,jason schwartzman quote,jason schwartzman sayings,jason schwartzman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's all these ways to instantly communicate - cars, computers, telephone and transportation - and even with all that, it's so hard to find people and have an honest communication with them.''' ,'''I love the idea of playing a character that didn't over think everything. He knows what's in front of him and he has an ability to just say whatever he felt.''' ,'''I always tell people that to be the funny person in a Steve Martin movie is like getting a call that Keith Moon wants you to play drums on his record. He should be playing drums on his record.''' ,'''Steve Martin is such an exquisite and precise writer. Everything is so clear; it's like a bell. He says what he means and says it so beautifully.''' ,'''I just find that the harder you work and the more effort you put into yourself, the better you'll be.''' ,'''Man, I hate to get depressing on you, but I don't have a game. I'm so alone, so depressed, so dark, no.''' ,'''Whereas Jeremy is just the opposite: always moving because he's never really thinking of anything and the kind of guy you'd worry inviting to a dinner party because he says what he thinks. He can be insulting at times but doesn't mean to be.''' ,'''I believe in not over thinking things too much. When the right thing comes along, you really don't have a choice.''' ,'''But I'd have to say Young Frankenstein, which I can watch forever.''' ,'''Dating is just awkward moments and one person wants more than the other. It's just that constant strangeness. I think it's a very real thing.''' ,'''Also, the more you're not focused on showbiz and instead focused on life, learning about other people, and keeping your eyes open and trying to be aware of the world.''' ,'''At this point, I think I would garner a lot of hate mail if I was now on the cover of Modern Drummer seeing as I'm not a modern drummer anymore.''' ,'''In a city where you walk around, it's impossible to plan your day and your life as accidents will happen, you'll overhear things, bump into people, and take unexpected turns.''' ,'''I was heartbroken at the end of that, because I thought that was going to be it for me. Somehow I had worked my way into this movie and it had exposed me to people and I had a chance to be an actor, which I loved, but I didn't think it was ever going to happen again.''' ,'''I didn't have an agent, I didn't have a headshot. I didn't even know if anyone would know where to find me. I just went back to highschool and started playing with my band.''' ,'''I have never stopped playing music.''' ,'''Logic plus logic equals the illogical. Do you know what I mean?''' ,'''I like being alone and I think this movie, as much as it is an investigation of connection and people bonding, I also think it's just as much about loneliness.''' ,'''I don't know the first real thing about the dating game. I don't know how to talk to a specific person and connect. I just think you have to go to person by person and do the best you can with people in general.''' ,'''Every actor I ever meet goes, 'Ultimately I plan on having my own company and write and direct,' but yes, I too would love to write and direct a movie. I want to do a play, too. I want to do it all.''' ,'''I'm a creature of habit. I go to restaurants all the time and stuff.''' ,'''It's funny that people think because you don't have a movie or record out, you disappear into a frozen chamber someplace. They think you're dead when you're not in the public eye.''' ,'''Whereas I think in New York every step is a detour in every direction.''' ,'''As far as loneliness, I feel Los Angeles and its layout, having to drive everywhere - it is a lonely place. It's an isolated city in that respect because you're driving to places alone listening to the radio.''' ,'''After I quit my band, I definitely was so full, like I'm so full I could never eat again. I had that kind of feeling where the elements, like the touring stuff, were harder for me and I definitely felt fine not experiencing it again.''' ,'''In one sentence, I'd describe myself as indescribable. But, I wouldn't end it with a period. I'd end it with three dots.''' ,'''But actually, I'm planning on moving to New York this year and I can tell you one reason why I think New York is incredible: I think things happen to you that you don't expect have happen to you.''' ,'''I just have some restaurants to just go and eat there. Do mean places to watch people? I like to go shopping look for guitars and stuff with my friends. Look at Meyer, great old instruments, talk about pedals and stuff.''' ,]
+++