+++
author = "Chloe Kim"
title = "Chloe Kim Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Chloe Kim Quotes"
keywords = "chloe kim,chloe kim quotes,chloe kim quote,chloe kim sayings,chloe kim saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's hard to describe my style. People will tell me that I'm really flowy.''' ,'''My dad would load me into the car under a pile of blankets in the middle of the night so I could sleep the whole way and be on the mountain when it opened.''' ,'''I'm proud of my Korean heritage, but I want people to know I'm American. It's not important to be the Korean Taylor Swift.''' ,'''I was, like, talking to these kids, and I look up, and there was, like, 25 cameras around me. And I ran. I ran away. I, like, straight up ran away, and I was so scared, and then, like, it happened, and after I was done, it kinda sunk in.''' ,'''My father didn't want to ski alone, so he took me up to the mountains in order to basically bribe my mom to come with him.''' ,'''I think my riding has hopefully gotten a lot better, but I'm always trying to push myself.''' ,'''I'll be really tough on myself. Someone will be like, 'Oh that's really cool' and I'll be like, 'Yeah, but there's this one flaw.'''' ,'''I love working with sponsors.''' ,'''I always want to do the best I can.''' ,'''I grew up in Southern California. If it's snowing on a day I'm supposed to train, I'll just stare out the window in all my gear and be like, 'Hmmm, maybe not today.' I hate being cold.''' ,'''Competing in my first Olympics in the country where my parents came from is pretty insane. I'm feeling nothing but excitement.''' ,'''I definitely have a lot of Korean-American fans, which is amazing.''' ,'''You know, if you meet someone for the first time, they're not going to bite you.''' ,'''I think the goal is always to be both. I put more effort into the technical side of my riding, but style is very important nowadays.''' ,'''I think the cool thing about snowboarding is that everyone has their own style.''' ,'''I feel like dreams are always a little tricky, you know? But if you just push through the struggles and the hard times, it'll be so worth it in the end because you will be able to get to your dreams.''' ,'''I feel like I have this different opportunity that not a lot of athletes may have. It's the fact that I'm Korean-American, and the Olympics are going to be in Korea, but I'm also riding for the States. I feel like I got really lucky that it got all pieced together - my first Olympics, being in Korea where most of my family is.''' ,'''I always have fun on the mountain, so it's always nice to go back out there and do what I love.''' ,'''I genuinely only want to work with people that I agree with on certain things. There were many sponsors I didn't want to work with because I didn't agree with their messages that they wanted to use me to convey.''' ,'''I just say, 'Never give up.'''' ,'''I don't get butterflies. I get a good feeling in my stomach before I compete. When I don't, I get worried.''' ,'''I have two aunts and three cousins in Korea as well.''' ,'''Zendaya - she's a boss - and Rihanna as well. I feel like those are two very powerful women.''' ,'''I don't think I made many sacrifices myself, but my parents have.''' ,''''Keeping Up with the Kardashians' is interesting, intriguing.''' ,'''The Olympics are just different. I'm not sure why; the pipe's the same size, the board you're riding is the same, you're competing against pretty much the same people. But the Olympics is the Olympics, and I know it's a really big deal.''' ,'''I definitely, when I was younger, struggled a little to understand my identity and who I wanted to be.''' ,'''It's a pretty crazy adrenaline rush because I feel like every run is different. You can never really expect anything. It's like a new adventure every time you drop into the pipe.''' ,'''I moved to Switzerland when I was 8, and during our breaks, we'd go to snowboard, and he'd take me to the mountains; we'd take a train. It was kind of crazy, you know. When I think about it, I wake up at 4, take a train to the mountains, sleep in the train and then go snowboard, and then come back. It was quite a mission.''' ,'''I love competing so much.''' ,'''Snowboarding is a huge part of my life, but I also feel like it's important to have a plan B or a back-up plan for after my career because I can't snowboard for my whole life competitively.''' ,'''I just go into a contest looking to put down a good run. As long as I feel like I've done what I came to do, and I'm happy with my riding, where I end up doesn't matter that much to me.''' ,'''When I first started snowboarding, my dad pretty much dragged me into it. I wasn't old enough to be like, 'Oh, I wanna snowboard!' you know?''' ,'''I'm a dragon.''' ,'''Luckily for me, snowboarding doesn't really feel like work unless I'm actually doing stuff that's, like, work-ish, but when I'm just snowboarding, I'm having so much fun.''' ,'''I got mail from a prison once.''' ,'''I didn't really like snowboarding in the beginning. Now, I just love it. I'm in love with it.''' ,'''My dad gave up his job; he stopped working - for me. Without that, I definitely wouldn't be as successful.''' ,'''I just grew up in the States, so I feel like I identify more with the American culture.''' ,'''I try not to feel pressure, because I feel like it kind of throws you off. I always try to focus on myself. But it does kind of creep into the back of my mind.''' ,'''I hate it when I get grumpy. But I can only be high-energy for so long.''' ,'''Just going to the Olympics would be a dream come true. I could finish last, and it would still be an amazing experience.''' ,'''I don't snowboard to win everything. I do it because I love it. I do it because I have fun, and everyone else can think whatever they want. For me, it's all about fun, and I enjoy it so much.''' ,'''If I had a message to give my dad, it'd probably be, 'Thank you, thank you, thank you.' He's helped me so much on this crazy journey. Giving up his job, being away from my mom, and being away from home for that much just because of me? It's a lot. And I thank him for it.''' ,'''I knew if I went home with the gold medal knowing that I could do better, I wasn't going to be very satisfied.''' ,'''I love Chipotle. And I'm not just saying that. Like, I genuinely am in love with Chipotle.''' ,'''I want to go to college.''' ,'''My mom wouldn't let me dye my hair for the longest time.''' ,'''Four is actually my lucky number.''' ,'''I think, you know, if you're young - even if you're old, it doesn't matter how old you are - but if you find something that you really want to try, just give it a try.''' ,'''For whatever reason, I'm pretty good with pressure. I kinda just flip it over and think of it as positive.''' ,'''I knock on my board to unjinx myself.''' ,'''My dad is a very determined person.''' ,'''People ask where I'm from, and I say 'Los Angeles.' Then they ask again. 'Well, my parents are from Korea.'''' ,'''It's such an honor to just represent the U.S. in the country where my parents immigrated from, and just this whole process has been amazing, and this journey has been so fun and full of so many memories that I will hold on to for the rest of my life.''' ,'''Honestly, I didn't like snowboarding when I was a little girl. As I got older, it became something I did with my dad. When I was 10, I knew I was good for my age, but I never felt that I was prodigy-level or anything like that.''' ,'''If my hands get cold, I'll go inside to warm them up and basically never come back out. I'm a little wimp.''' ,'''I don't like doing the same runs. I like to mix it up a lot.''' ,'''I was really excited to land my first 1080. But I was surprised that it came a lot easier than I thought it would.''' ,'''It's super cool - I have this link to Korea, and with the Olympics, I have this opportunity to represent the U.S., Korea, and my family.''' ,'''Before I drop in, I tend to knock on my snowboard. You know how when you jinx yourself, they're like, 'Knock on wood.' My snowboard's wood, so in case I jinxed myself sometime in the past, I just knock on my board. It just makes me feel a lot more comfortable.''' ,'''Over the years, I've hurt my thumb, separated my shoulder, and injured my back, but not too bad. Actually, my back was hurt pretty bad. I had to take an ambulance and was in bed for a week.''' ,'''I'm so happy to have all this support from everyone around the world, and I'm forever thankful for all of them.''' ,'''I can play guitar - but I can't really. I wouldn't say I'm talented at it. I just kind of watch videos on YouTube, and I follow the instructions... OK, yeah, my hidden talent: I'm good at following instructions!''' ,'''I had some social anxiety when I was younger because I wasn't surrounded by many people in my life.''' ,'''If you give me fro-yo without mangoes, you're dead to me. If you say that Hawaiian pizza is gross, we're done.''' ,'''I think, every time I'm on the mountain, I'm just so thankful to be there.''' ,'''I did my first contest, and I got third, and my dad was, like, 'Wow, she has potential.' And I went back when I was 7, and I won. And my dad's like, 'All right,' and then he dropped everything.''' ,'''I'm much more of a city girl. I like the mall. I like shopping.''' ,'''Hopefully I get to do more than one Olympics in my lifetime.''' ,'''I feel like I have this unique opportunity to represent both Korea and the U.S.''' ,'''I think I've started to have a lot more fun around snowboarding, even going out of the halfpipe and going to hit some jumps or getting some 'pow.' That definitely made it a lot more fun to me, just adding that much positivity into snowboarding.''' ,'''My dad has definitely sacrificed a lot for me, and I don't know if I could do it if I was in his shoes. Leaving your life behind and chasing this dream because your kid is passionate about this sport.''' ,'''Being in a class with kids, meeting new people, and borrowing notes from other students - I've never done that before. I've always had to fend for myself.''' ,'''I freak out when I see a spider. I was doing an interview once, and there was this really big, furry spider crawling up the tripod, and I was like, 'I can't do this!'''' ,'''I was very shy. It was kind of scary to meet new people.''' ,'''I don't feel that much fear.''' ,'''To me, snowboarding is really an art form, and I think every athlete, every snowboarder has her own style, and that makes them stand out.''' ,'''Watching my family work so hard has been so inspirational, and I think I really got their work ethic.''' ,'''It would be meaningful if I can get a gold medal in my parents' country.''' ,'''I just want to be that young girl from L.A. who snowboards and gets her nails done.''' ,'''I feel like I can represent both countries, in a way, because I have a Korea face, but I was born and raised in the States.''' ,'''Snowboarding brought me out of my shell.''' ,'''I'm always working hard.''' ,'''I always try to see it in positive way, like, you know what, the people that are expecting so much about of me know I can do it and believe in me. So I just kind of think about it like that. And it makes me feel a little better.''' ,'''It's not like I was just dropped onto a snowboard and I was able to go 15 feet into the air. There was a lot of hard work that came with it. That's something that people don't really notice sometimes and the amount of sacrifice my family made.''' ,'''I didn't get a normal school life, and my sisters have told me so many fun stories about college, so I'm just so excited.''' ,'''I've flown from Aspen and then to Switzerland the next day and then off again the day after. That's the thing I love most about snowboarding, honestly - getting to travel and explore different places and meet people.''' ,'''I'm always trying to respond to my Instagram direct messages, even if they're a little weird. I'll have a Q&A on Snapchat and talk to everyone.''' ,'''Snowboarding requires lower-body strength.''' ,'''The one thing I learned is to just give everything a shot. You don't want to live in regret.''' ,'''I'm, like, finishing up high school. I don't know how you can learn anything from me because I'm still, like, a teenager. I don't know what I'm doing with my life.''' ,'''Just because I'm young doesn't mean I didn't work hard to get to where I am.''' ,'''I don't remember the exact moment I fell in love with snowboarding; it wasn't something cheesy like, 'Oh the wind was blowing through my hair and I just knew this sport was for me... ' I was good at it, and it's exhilarating!''' ,'''To me, the Olympics are very important, obviously, but it's not something that I'm gonna change everything for.''' ,'''When I was younger, me and my dad worked really hard. We did it the hard way.''' ,'''I had to grow up a little fast.''' ,'''I missed out on a few proms, homecomings, might miss my graduation. I wouldn't want it any other way... it's worth it.''' ,'''I'm so used to America, used to the traffic in L.A., and I don't really feel it click with the Korean culture. But obviously, I have a Korean face, and I feel like that's just - you know, I can't walk around people like I'm, like, straight-up American. It's like, I'm Korean American. My parents are from Korea.''' ,]
+++