+++
author = "Kunal Nayyar"
title = "Kunal Nayyar Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Kunal Nayyar Quotes"
keywords = "kunal nayyar,kunal nayyar quotes,kunal nayyar quote,kunal nayyar sayings,kunal nayyar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When we first started 'The Big Bang Theory,' I would get incredibly nervous because it's such a big show and I was just out of graduate school. I'd come in and have this huge responsibility for the one line that everyone hopes will bring down the house.''' ,'''I have a dialect myself; it's more pronounced, because I have studied theatre and been in England. It's half-British, half-Indian.''' ,'''I was pretty awkward when I was young, but I was never afraid of putting myself out there. I would say stupid things but then they would laugh at me and possibly find it endearing.''' ,'''I went to the University/Resident Theatre Association auditions. Deans come and watch you in this theater. You have three minutes, and you have to do two contrasting monologues - at that time, this is 2003 - one classical and one contemporary.''' ,'''If you want to go on the floor, go in disguise because otherwise you won't be able to. I would just put on a full Darth Vader costume and walk through Comic-Con so I can actually check it out and enjoy it as opposed to being approached by everyone, which is lovely, but it gets very difficult to enjoy because there's so many people there.''' ,'''The really good stand up comedians can be angry but relatable, and they have interestingly humanizing personalities. Their observational skills are far greater than mine, so I'll just stick to reading lines off a page.''' ,'''We live in a bubble sometimes, and you can get out of touch with your fans. You go to the studio, you come home. But coming to Comic-Con is a real opportunity to connect with the people that made your show happen and are responsible for its continued success. It's really humbling.''' ,'''It all started with the most basic level of Uta Hagen, right at the beginning. I'm like, 'Really? I came to grad school; I'm going to do the 'Respect for Acting'?' And I realized the importance of that, because it was really to just get you to get rid of everything. Get rid of everything you've learned and just start from the bottom up.''' ,'''People at the University of Portland were accepting and loving and open-minded. When you have a safety net, it allows you to take risks.''' ,'''I love going to the G4 sci-fi-type parties.''' ,'''When you move from a different country, it takes a while to make friends. I found myself being lonely a lot at first. In New Delhi, I had all my family. But Portland is one of those cities you can immerse yourself in and feel comfortable. People are so friendly.''' ,'''No one ever sees the sleepless nights, the years of studying and 14-hour days earning your dues. I spent three years isolated in an academic environment to be the best actor I could.''' ,'''I know stuff about 'Lord of the Rings' and 'Star Wars,' but 'Star Trek,' I don't know.''' ,'''I like to work as much as I can, but I only really have the hiatus to work on other projects. I've kept myself busy recently. I voiced a character in 'Ice Age 4,' which was a lot of fun. I also did another small movie called 'The Scribbler.'''' ,'''I love video games. I love, love, love them! I also love 'Star Wars.' I wish Jedi was a true religion.''' ,'''I have a fear of heights and I'm claustrophobic.''' ,'''Sometimes I'll be sitting with my friends; I'll say something Koothrappali-esque and make a face. There is a lot of Koothrappali in me as a human being. A lot of mannerism, humor, mischievousness, my innocence. So I don't know if I bring him home so much as I bring myself to him at work.''' ,'''I really think if you take away a character's obstacles then there's no comedy.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with 'Game of Thrones.' I love comedies - I really like '30 Rock' and 'Modern Family.'''' ,'''I did learn that there's no point in eating too much Vitamin C because it comes out of your bladder.''' ,'''Comic-Con has been an amazing experience. It's overwhelming, I have to admit, because of the lines and the crowds.''' ,'''I'm a pro! No, what I mean is I have performed with the Royal Shakespeare Company in England. I have been all over the place. I have studied theatre for seven years.''' ,'''I would definitely line up for 'The Lord of the Rings.' I'm a huge 'Lord of the Rings' geek.''' ,'''These characters, they have to evolve. They're getting older on the show, these are things that happen in everyone's life. People do get married... this is just a natural evolution. I wonder if we'll have 'Big Bang' babies in the season finale?''' ,'''Comic-Con fans are so affectionate, and it's always a lovely way to start a new season.''' ,'''I'm helping launch the new Milky Way Chocolate Ice Cream Bar. I play an astrophysicist on television, and the name of the bar is Milky Way, so put two and two together, and here I am.''' ,]
+++