+++
author = "Amy Lee"
title = "Amy Lee Quotes"
quotes_len = "53"
description = "the best 53 Amy Lee Quotes"
keywords = "amy lee,amy lee quotes,amy lee quote,amy lee sayings,amy lee saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love folk; that's a big part of my background.''' ,'''You can't control all the crazy stuff that happens to you. All you can control is the way you handle it.''' ,'''I love tiny, plastic realistic food magnets. I don't know why. They're hilarious.''' ,'''We've never been a religious band, but the media wants us to be.''' ,'''I refuse to accept Pluto's resignation as a planet.''' ,'''I never really did abandon my true self. It's not like I invented this imaginary person and started to be her.''' ,'''When I was in high school, I listened to a lot of death metal bands.''' ,'''My biggest dream from the beginning - besides Evanescence - is scoring film and writing music for film.''' ,'''When you're miserable, you don't want anyone around you to be happy.''' ,'''I feel like for me the lyric writing really comes from just what's going on in my heart and that's what consumes me; think a lot of our heart is relationships. Not just with boyfriend or girlfriend but all your relationships in your life with other people and our interactions with other humans.''' ,'''Like now what Urban Outfitters has become is very much how I always dressed in high school by going to garage sales and getting stuff for 50 cents. Cost a little more now, to look like crap.''' ,'''When Evanescence took time off, I bought a big concert harp and started taking lessons like I was in high school again, which was really, really fun. I felt like I was learning again.''' ,'''I'm not ashamed of my spiritual beliefs, but I in no way incorporate them into this band.''' ,'''Music is therapy for me. It's my outlet for every negative thing I've ever been through. It lets me turn something bad into something beautiful.''' ,'''I was always a drama queen. I remember playing in the kitchen, trying to get my mom to think I was dead and call the police. When she didn't, I would cry. I was always theatrical. I don't think any of my relatives are surprised.''' ,'''Success gave me confidence as an artist. And now I'm able to do what I want without anybody thinking it's dumb.''' ,'''I try to be feminist in, like, I love myself and I don't need someone else's approval.''' ,'''There are people hell-bent on the idea that we're a Christian band in disguise, and that we have some secret message. We have no spiritual affiliation with this music. It's simply about life experience.''' ,'''Life can be tough sometimes. But I think it just starts with admitting, 'Okay, the world's not perfect, how do we live our lives within that and not be miserable?'''' ,'''I am Evanescence. I am the only original member. I have basically hired the band. Evanescence has become me. It is mine and it's exactly how I want it to be.''' ,'''I've always been a very passionate, sometimes overly emotional person. Sometimes things affect me more than they should.''' ,'''We've all fallen, but at the same time we're not broken. There is the hint that we are going to get up again.''' ,'''I love sushi. But after too much of it, it just starts to taste like a dead animal that hasn't been cooked.''' ,'''Christina Aguilera's 'Stripped' had a lot of good songs. It's my range, so I use it to warm up a lot.''' ,'''Honestly I just wear what I like. You know why? 'Cause I can, I'm a rock star.''' ,'''The only place I'm recognized is at the mall, because that's where the teens are.''' ,'''L.A. doesn't have any big personality to me; it's not inspiring.''' ,'''The first real concert, other than going with my dad to see Three Dog Night, was Smashing Pumpkins and Garbage. I was fourteen or fifteen. I liked Shirley Manson because she reminded me of Annie Lennox. They both have these deep, sexy, powerful alto voices.''' ,'''I've realized that Evanescence is who I am.''' ,'''I wanted to be a veterinarian until I saw a video of a vet performing surgery on a dog. Then I decided I wanted to be a pianist.''' ,'''I really do listen to all types of music, not only rock, but everything from good pop music - which is usually older pop music - to R&B and indie rock. I love indie rock more than a lot of the commercial stuff that you'd expect.''' ,'''I dream crazy vivid dreams. Like, entire movies. And sometimes I write songs about them.''' ,'''I love my cats more than I love most people. Probably more than is healthy.''' ,'''Evanescence fans aren't the popular kids in school. They aren't the cheerleaders. It's the art kids and the nerds and the kids who grow up to be the most interesting creative people.''' ,'''I love contrast in music. Being inspired by classical, actually - in high school especially - classical and metal both, I remember having this cool realization that they are really similar. It's just different instrumentation.''' ,'''Something that's fun for me is a challenge. When you have a challenge and you take on that challenge and succeed, that's the best feeling.''' ,'''There's nothing sexy about skin and bone. You gotta have some junk in the trunk.''' ,'''A fan once asked if he could have a piece of my hair for voodoo. I said no, so he hugged me and plucked out a couple of hairs and ran off.''' ,'''I write by myself initially. That's the way I've always written, just working on pure thought by myself. Then I bring it to the table with whoever I'm collaborating with.''' ,'''I'm the goofball. I'm the person cracking people up.''' ,'''I love the creative process. That's always been the closest thing to my heart, creating something.''' ,'''I think it's important to realize that we're all just human. I mean, nobody is supernatural.''' ,'''My darlings, if I can't write dark, epic music, I can't live!''' ,'''If people are making fun of you then you're probably doing something right.''' ,'''At the end of any really long tour you need to get your head in order.''' ,'''Everyone knows a lot about me without actually knowing me at all.''' ,'''I've gotten to where my hair is like my onstage prop; I need to hide behind it and throw it around - it's my slo-mo effect.''' ,'''I want to work with kids. I would love to be a teacher.''' ,'''The way that I've always gone about making music, the rule of thumb, has just been to make what I love.''' ,'''Whether it's a relationship or what you're wearing, or how much you weigh and what you said when you didn't mean it, like - it's hard to be totally under the microscope.''' ,'''I design a lot of things that I wear onstage, but I'm always looking for unique stuff. I like creative things, so anything I can find at a secondhand costume shop to a Helmut Lang store, it doesn't matter - just unique stuff.''' ,''''The Nightmare Before Christmas' is my number one biggest influence artistically in every way.''' ,'''I'm not the fastest writer. I can't just crank out ideas that are good enough.''' ,]
+++