+++
author = "Andi Dorfman"
title = "Andi Dorfman Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Andi Dorfman Quotes"
keywords = "andi dorfman,andi dorfman quotes,andi dorfman quote,andi dorfman sayings,andi dorfman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You have to recognize that you're not going to be at your best every single day.''' ,'''I always hear about romance and love and relationships, and we're so scared to talk about the negatives, about when it doesn't work out.''' ,'''I have a pretty healthy diet that I try and base off of how long and often I am running that day or week.''' ,'''I'm not just the tough chick from Atlanta who's an attorney. I'm a girl who wants to be courted and have the love of her life.''' ,'''Let's be honest, we don't watch 'The Bachelor' as a PSA. We watch it for entertainment.''' ,'''I almost feel off-balanced and more tired if I don't go for a run.''' ,'''A good date is someone who's creative, somebody who thinks of something. Whether it's a show, whether it's a certain place for dinner, don't just be the average run-of-the-mill guy.''' ,'''The first thing I do every morning is make my bed. It's a habit I'm sure my parents wish I had picked up as a teenager instead of as an adult!''' ,'''I was the girl who kind of went straight from high school to college. Then straight from college to law school.''' ,'''I loved the writing process. I would love to write more. And I'd like to do a roundtable, like 'The View' or 'The Talk' - something related to social issues and things that are current.''' ,'''I was training for the N.Y.C. Marathon and was really lean and people would tell me I looked too skinny and sick and that I should go eat a cheeseburger... Those words hurt, I'm not going to lie.''' ,'''Strong is sexy.''' ,'''When I post pictures of my body, I don't Photoshop. I have strong opinions against doing that.''' ,'''I never grew up a runner. I never thought of myself as somebody that was fit or somebody that could advocate for that and then the more people kind of have caught onto it, it's inspired me to keep going, the more I keep doing it. And it's just kind of become something that I really like and I think it's relatable in the sense of I'm not an athlete.''' ,'''I love altering my stuff and that's something I've learned over time: You don't have to buy a shirt and just wear it as it is. A little tuck here, a little nip there, making a deeper plunge in the front - it's not pretty, though, I'll tell you that. I always tell people not to look at the seams.''' ,'''I love matching workout sets. There's something about looking good and feeling good, as cheesy as that sounds, and it always makes my run seem a little better.''' ,'''I think New York is a great place to start over in any stage. It is the greatest city in the world, you can be whoever you want and there is just so much energy here.''' ,'''Liam Hemsworth is my celebrity crush all day long and Chace Crawford any day of the week - twice on Sunday.''' ,'''I just need to find a guy who is nice to me and I want to be nice to. It's that simple. A genuine partnership. The two of you against the world.''' ,'''You're never going to see me in person and be like, 'Woah! She looks totally different than on her social media.'''' ,'''I make a concerted effort to go watch the sunset a few days a week, have a glass of wine, and take a moment to feel fortunate and grateful for the view and for my life.''' ,'''I've always been more of a girl's girl.''' ,'''I have such a strong sense of family, and I really valued the idea of meeting someone else's family.''' ,'''As far as the diet goes, I've always eaten healthy.''' ,'''On 'The Bachelor' and 'The Bachelorette,' you are having a relationship - even though it's short and on camera - and with that comes many things, including intimacy.''' ,'''I've developed a thicker skin than I've had.''' ,'''I'm kind of in the middle as far as being a risk-taker and playing it safe. I dress more conservatively, but I'm also eclectic. I can do jeans with ripped holes and flats in the daytime, but I love putting on a great pair of stilettos with amazing leather pants.''' ,'''I went on 'The Bachelor' to find my husband and to find the love of my life.''' ,'''I know miming means to act without words, but the audience isn t supposed to be silent as well!''' ,'''Never take a girl to the movies on a first date! That's basically like, 'We don't want to hear you talk.'''' ,'''For me, spending an evening with someone is something I value and don't take lightly.''' ,'''The south in general kind of has this Lilly Pulitzer, light pink and green vibe to it. Atlanta being a large city has a variety and people dress more hipster. You definitely know what area of the city you're in depending on how the girls dress.''' ,'''I always try and get one 'good run' in, which for me is about 5 miles without stopping. On most other days, I run so I can get out of the house and catch some fresh air or listen to some music or just escape the world for 45 minutes or so, and on those days, I'll still walk/run.''' ,'''I am not a fan of running on treadmills because I think it prohibits you from learning how to pace yourself on your own, so I will brave the winter and run outdoors - and I'll be honest, the competitive part of me sees the cold weather as a sort of challenge.''' ,'''At times, I feel like no matter what I look like, there will be body-shamers.''' ,'''I put running into my schedule just as I put anything else whether it's a meeting or an event or a dinner. I think carving out time to run or exercise gives you brain power and makes you more efficient in other aspects of your life, so it's worth taking the time.''' ,'''Running had always been my main source of exercise, but I would go to classes at different gyms occasionally, but when those gyms closed, running became my one and only source of exercise.''' ,'''You're never going to get your best workout if you're feeling sore and you're going to feel sore if you don't stretch.''' ,'''I don't know how many people actually fall in love in New York City.''' ,'''I love people who Instagram story themselves running and they'll tag me or they'll send me a message and they'll be like, 'Wow this is so motivational and so inspirational.'''' ,'''I joke that DIY is my therapy, but it really is, it's my way of relaxing.''' ,'''I mean, let's be honest, who wouldn't be scared to face a bunch of exes all at once all in the same room?''' ,'''Throughout my experience as the Bachelorette, I was shocked at the social media conversations that happened each week while the show aired. No matter what anybody tells you, you can't be prepared for that kind of criticism and opinions. You just can't.''' ,'''My true passion is in the prosecution of criminal cases.''' ,'''The very first night on 'The Bachelor,' my first season, I remember standing in the rose ceremony room. It's 4:30 in the morning at this point. It's freezing cold, everyone is cold and nervous standing on these risers, and you could hear the teeth chattering and the deep breaths.''' ,'''I was able to explore the different cities I was in by running, so it just became my main form of exercise.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to embrace weakness.''' ,'''The truth was, I never liked the rose ceremonies. The cocktail parties beforehand are also difficult as there is so much stress and nervousness that's put on everyone.''' ,'''If I can become a runner, anyone can!''' ,'''Life goes on after a breakup.''' ,'''Experiencing criticism definitely makes you a little weaker at times, but in the end, it's made me a lot stronger. It's made me have conviction about something that I can stand for. It's made me want to fight for something.''' ,'''I loved my job at the district attorney's office.''' ,'''I definitely don't want someone who's controlling. I don't want someone who feels like they can skirt around being supportive. To me, a partner is someone who has your back no matter what.''' ,'''I can't guarantee a husband, but by freezing my eggs, I can guarantee kids.''' ,'''Some good stories come out of being single in New York.''' ,'''When you have two very passionate, very strong personalities in one house and nobody can back down and nobody is that calming force for one another, it's a lot of emotion and it's a lot of tension in one house.''' ,'''I want to be able to go on vacations with my friends and not have to think about a man.''' ,'''People say stuff. People judge. That's how the world works.''' ,'''I think by now everyone knows I am a terrible dancer, but I am an equally terrible singer.''' ,'''I think in college, sometimes we neglect exercise - I know I did, at least. I think about it now, and I'm like, 'Wow! It would have been so easy if I picked up running in college.'''' ,'''When I decided to move to New York, I did it to look for me, not to look for love.''' ,'''You don't want to be sore when you're running. So I wouldn't suggest you train for a marathon and do CrossFit at the same time; the two don't align with one another. When you're a runner, your body builds the muscle where it needs to build muscle.''' ,'''Love is not guaranteed.''' ,'''I eat to fuel my body - not to change it.''' ,'''Sometimes it's hard to recognize when you're in a relationship that is unhealthy for you.''' ,'''I get in a gym, put on my headphones and sweat it out by running, doing the stair master, abs, and free weights. I love doing circuit training.''' ,'''I've embraced the single life and all the glorious independence it has to offer.''' ,'''My diet is pretty clean. I am not a morning person so I force myself to eat breakfast. I love a bowl of fruit with granola sprinkled on top and a splash of soymilk. I eat a lot of lean meats like turkey and chicken.''' ,'''Belgium is such a beautiful place with so much history and charm.''' ,'''I'd be lying if I didn't say I pretended to be Carrie Bradshaw while I wrote from my apartment.''' ,'''I think you learn more from your failures than your successes.''' ,'''Sometimes you can just date without needing love, date for companionship, for passionate make-outs, for snuggling.''' ,'''Intimacy is a normal part of any relationship, whether it's on television or not.''' ,'''It's scary to think I only have me to rely on. But there's something liberating about that.''' ,'''I have always been into fitness but never into running, in fact, I used to despise it. I'd look at people that ran and think they were crazy.''' ,'''I run about five days a week.''' ,'''I like running, but I like my wine.''' ,'''When I started running, I found both my physical and mental well-being improve tremendously.''' ,'''If we talked about heartbreak more, would we feel as bad about it? Or would it kind of be more mundane in a less painful way.''' ,'''To me, running is almost like multitasking. You get to people-watch or tour a city that you've never been in while exercising.''' ,'''I used to play tennis growing up and then didn't play for a good 10 years. I've picked up the sport again and I absolutely love it.''' ,'''Sure, there are times when I'd like to have someone romantically in my life, but then I think about my life as a whole and realize I'm generally happy being alone.''' ,'''I've learned it as I've gotten older, but just really enjoy your own company. Especially as a woman, that's something that's really empowering and powerful to learn. Feel comfortable with yourself.''' ,'''I have to literally pinch myself every day, like, 'Oh my God, I'm in New York. I live in New York.' It's awesome, just like the energy.''' ,'''I'll do calf raises when I brush my teeth, I always take the stairs, and do squats on commercial breaks if I'm watching TV. It's so easy and it has become my little habit.''' ,'''You can't make a mistake by moving to New York in my opinion. There's only good things here.''' ,'''There are very few things that a good run can't help you figure out.''' ,'''I have definitely become a beach girl.''' ,'''I'm not one of those people who love to work out, but I love the results and the high after a killer workout.''' ,'''Long runs are definitely tedious, but I find that timing is important on them. I like to do my long runs either early in the morning as the sun rises or in the late afternoon when the sun sets because it gives me something to see instead of thinking about how long I'm running.''' ,'''Growing up, I remember I played tennis competitively and I'd always like fake an injury to get out of the conditioning portion. I was never a runner.''' ,'''A lot of times, people will say, 'You're running away from your problems.' So what? Why do you have to sit there and confront every single issue? Sometimes going away is the best answer.''' ,'''Never in my wildest dreams could I have imagined that I would become the Bachelorette.''' ,'''I love fashion, always have.''' ,'''I think people sometimes forget that I got a law degree and that it's mine for life.''' ,'''It definitely gets lonely being single.''' ,'''I'll definitely be doing another marathon whenever possible and I would love to do a marathon in another country some day.''' ,'''I don't usually let my emotions get the best of me.''' ,'''I do enjoy sewing.''' ,'''I started out as someone who could not run a mile straight. I called myself a 'run/walker.'''' ,]
+++