+++
author = "Kolo Toure"
title = "Kolo Toure Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Kolo Toure Quotes"
keywords = "kolo toure,kolo toure quotes,kolo toure quote,kolo toure sayings,kolo toure saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For me the most important is the club, the team.''' ,'''Sometimes people, not the players, play the game before it's started and that's a problem because there are no small teams in the Premiership.''' ,'''Every game is challenging and sometimes things don't go well for you but you need to be able to come back and carry on fighting.''' ,'''Any manager can go through a really difficult time.''' ,'''I have been working really hard to make a career in football since I was 14 years old.''' ,'''I love playing at the same club as my brother.''' ,'''When you play with somebody and you don't even talk to each other on the pitch it's really difficult.''' ,'''I have experienced a lot in football and if the young players need advice, they know they can ask me.''' ,'''Strikers need to score goals and when they don't their confidence is affected.''' ,'''I was better than certain players at Manchester City but I was left on the bench. Before I left the club, I told the people in charge that they would regret letting me go.''' ,'''We all want to be champion.''' ,'''The manager has to make rotations, otherwise the players will get tired.''' ,'''When you don't play, you need to support the team and your team-mates need to feel that you are behind them fully.''' ,'''When you do a good tackle, or block, the Kop they really appreciate that and they let you know it.''' ,'''It can happen in football that you argue with somebody in training but when you are not even talking on the pitch something has to change.''' ,'''My job is to try do the best for the team, like every other player.''' ,'''I will keep playing for the national team until I feel I can't offer them anything.''' ,'''Every season when I win a trophy I'm just so happy.''' ,'''Nobody is perfect in life.''' ,'''I don't like to make mistakes.''' ,'''I need to work hard and that is alright by me.''' ,'''If you want to be successful, you need to work as a team.''' ,'''Ask anybody - every day at training I give everything.''' ,'''Whether I start or not, I will do whatever I can in whatever way to play my part.''' ,'''When you're at a big team like Liverpool, you can't expect to start every game.''' ,'''It's always a difficult situation to lose 1-0 away from home.''' ,'''If you're not perfect, don't expect the other guys to be perfect.''' ,'''It's not easy when you have to make a lot of changes.''' ,'''Football is great, isn't it?''' ,'''You cannot have a place in the team - even if you are an international - if you don't show what you can do in training.''' ,'''I give everything for my team to win but the most important thing is to enjoy every second of every minute.''' ,'''Everybody wants to play for Pep.''' ,'''I love Arsenal, it's the club of my heart.''' ,'''Managers come to clubs bringing players with them and they want to pick them at all costs - whether they are any good or not.''' ,'''Baresi was not tall but he was a great player, while Cannavaro was the best defender in the world - hopefully I will be the same.''' ,'''You can't ever give up. When you refuse to lose games, you often find yourself winning them.''' ,'''I've been observing Ramadan during all the years I've been in football. It's very important that you eat well. It's important that you eat the right food because you can gain weight or you can have less food in your body.''' ,'''I love Africa. I am very grateful for everything I have in Europe but everything I'm learning I want to help my continent to get better - in football as well.''' ,'''You have to build your squad every year to do better; to win the Champions League is very difficult as we have seen.''' ,'''For me, Ramadan is not an easy time because it's a time when I need to work much harder, because I need to help my teammates. That's the way I see things.''' ,'''There is great respect for Liverpool in the Ivory Coast.''' ,'''It is very difficult to leave your team for a month to play in the African Nations. But you are playing for your country, for your father, for your family, for your pride.''' ,'''I know my qualities, I've got nothing to prove here in England, they know me here.''' ,'''I would never say a bad word about Mr Wenger, because he is somebody that makes players better players.''' ,'''I love the FA Cup.''' ,'''When I was a young boy I sold newspapers by the side of the road. I cleaned the shoes of people for less than a pound a time. I was 12 years old but I had to do it to eat because my family was so poor.''' ,'''To win the World Cup is not about one player, it is about a squad.''' ,'''Always, always, for a team like City, it's difficult to go for a season without winning one trophy.''' ,'''I remember the best defenders were Baresi and Cannavaro - you don't have to be really tall.''' ,'''I have never looked to put a spoke in anyone's wheel at all.''' ,'''We all make mistakes. But we learn from it.''' ,'''Wenger is a top manager, he has shown that unbelievably. The thing I like is this manager can make an average player one of the best players in the world.''' ,'''When I went to Arsenal I was working really hard on the weights, as Arsene Wenger is very keen on that.''' ,'''I won the title with Arsenal in 2004 and it is harder to defend it the following season.''' ,'''It is all about working hard, focusing and doing our job.''' ,'''You know I've been at Arsenal which is a top club and every week you have to fight for your place.''' ,'''When you play against a team such as Arsenal, Manchester United or Chelsea, you never know what will happen. But the key to the season is to win the games that you expect to win.''' ,'''You can't keep changing managers. Every time the players have to adapt to a new strategy and the thinking of the new manager, which is really difficult and takes time.''' ,'''I had problems with certain players at Arsenal, especially one, whose name I will not say because I don't want to feed the controversy.''' ,'''A season is like a marathon and there will be plenty of ups and downs.''' ,'''As a player, I had great respect for Gallas because he was older than me and in Africa when someone is older you have respect for them, but I think sometimes he took advantage of that in some ways.''' ,'''Martin Keown was really competitive but Thierry Henry was similar, he wanted to win every game.''' ,'''My dream is to win the World Cup with an African team, for my continent.''' ,'''I think you say that strikers win you games, but defenders win titles and I think that's really important.''' ,'''I've always been someone who has wanted to fight and to scrap for every penny I could.''' ,'''When I played football I wanted to make people happy. This is the way I am. I can't be someone else.''' ,'''I am passionate about the FA Cup.''' ,'''You need to be honest, even if you hurt people.''' ,'''When you play for big clubs you have more chance to win trophies.''' ,'''Ramadan is an important part of Islam, and when you are observing it, God is happy with you and you have to have a big celebration.''' ,'''As players, we have the best job in the world and if the manager said, 'You haven't worked hard enough, you will only get half your wages this week,' it would make the players fight harder.''' ,'''Any team can fall down but it's about how they react to defeat that matters.''' ,'''For me, life is about being happy. Life is about enjoying and that's it.''' ,'''Kieran Tierney's work rate is just amazing. He gives 100 percent in every game, he makes lots of runs and makes lots of assists too. He defends, he goes forward, he is every inch the modern left back.''' ,'''Yaya was much better than Sergio Busquets at Barcelona. But he was behind him in the pecking order and he found that hard to accept. I advised him to come to Manchester City while I was still there.''' ,'''I think it's amazing how Ramadan can make you really strong.''' ,'''I can learn so much from working with Brendan Rodgers, he is a top manager.''' ,'''I had six years at Arsenal but the last two were very difficult.''' ,'''Wenger built this club and it is hard to imagine Arsenal without him.''' ,'''With team spirit, you can win anything.''' ,'''Sometimes when you come every day to training you can't realise how big it is to be a footballer.''' ,'''We all struggle in life at a certain point.''' ,'''When the league starts you know that anything can happen.''' ,'''For me, I'm a fighter and I like to play for big clubs because that's where you improve yourself. Every day at training you have to give a hundred per cent to be picked by your manager.''' ,'''We are professional players and when we go out we want to play well and win.''' ,'''I have always been the kind of player who tries to help those around me.''' ,'''I want to talk to players, that is the way I am. That is what I bring. I will keep doing that, it doesn't matter what happens, anywhere I go.''' ,'''Kieran Tierney is a lot like Ashley Cole in the way that he bombs up and down the flanks and that he is also so physically strong. He plays every game as well. He is not the tallest but he is a fighter and he is strong. He crosses, gets back and defends. He is a very good player.''' ,'''My wish was to finish my career at Arsenal, but there are always banana skins.''' ,'''The only thing you can bring players in with is money or, if you are like Arsenal, you wait for your youngsters to come in, but that can take a while.''' ,'''Individuals are very important but team spirit is the key - it is the most important thing.''' ,'''In official competitions there are mistakes you don't make or you pay for it dearly.''' ,'''I will always be ready when the team needs me.''' ,'''When you win, it is fun. When you lose, it is OK. This is life.''' ,'''Anything can happen in life. You take your car, you drive your car every day in the same road and one day you just have no concentration - accident. That's part of life. It can happen to anybody.''' ,'''Stephen Keshi is a good coach and he has changed Nigeria into a respectable team.''' ,'''You know that in a lot of games it is only decided towards the end. Players get tired and when you have that push from your fans you can feel the difference.''' ,'''I'm a professional footballer and, to me, playing regularly is the most important thing; money is secondary.''' ,'''It's very important to know what you are facing, whether you are going to be part of the team or just a squad player.''' ,'''I think it's very important to have a good defensive team.''' ,]
+++