+++
author = "Thomas Grennan"
title = "Thomas Grennan Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Thomas Grennan Quotes"
keywords = "thomas grennan,thomas grennan quotes,thomas grennan quote,thomas grennan sayings,thomas grennan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Hopefully, I can build a house there with my dad so that he can retire there. That's what he wants and I would love to spend my older days in Ireland. It's peaceful, it's nice.''' ,'''Seeing them all on Twitter, see it happening at shows, audiences getting bigger. I can't believe I'm doing Brixton. But it's all happened organically, that's why I love it. I've never been a beggar, and I don't think I've begged it at all.''' ,'''I think a lot of people think you've made it when you sign, but that's when the hard work starts. But it's all been mad enjoyable seeing fans grow.''' ,'''I got told that Elton John might be ringing me - it was for his radio station - then he ended up calling and saying that he loves what I'm doing, my music.''' ,'''Alex Turner is one of my heroes - his lyrics are genius.''' ,'''There's only a few proper rock 'n' roll stars. I think it will come back - there's definitely room for a bad boy or bad girl. It's way too nice at the moment in pop, everyone's got to be so nice.''' ,'''I want a number one record, I want to be travelling the world, I want to be playing in front of thousands of people.''' ,'''I always thought I'd be playing; now I watch Manchester United every weekend on Sky Sports and they're using 'Found What I've Been Looking For' as a theme song - and I'm sitting at a pub and it comes on and I'm like, 'Oh yeah, mad.'''' ,'''In Ireland, I have 50-something cousins. My dad is one of six or seven and it's my second home. I am so proud to be from there.''' ,'''I met David Beckham - now he was a good one to tell my mates about. I was at the launch of his new fragrance. I introduced myself but he said he knew who I was and knew my songs.''' ,'''I don't want to sound like anyone else, I wanted to be in my own creative space and find this river of melody myself.''' ,'''I just had loads of thoughts in my head, and I didn't like talking about them, so I kind of just sung about them.''' ,'''I'm a pretty deep guy. I'm not a tough guy at all. People think I give this persona that I'm thick-skinned, but I'm not and when I'm writing songs, that comes out.''' ,'''Like my writing, my voice has been something I've worked at. I knew I had a good voice but it was a matter of time before it was what I've got now. I've had to build my vocal muscles up until they were like Arnold Schwarzenegger.''' ,'''People will always have judgments, but they don't actually know me.''' ,'''My music, it's hitting the real people. It's hitting the mums, it's hitting the blokes and the lads, it's also hitting the kids and the people my age.''' ,'''Football had been my life but then it all changed when I was 18.''' ,'''I never dreamed of being a singer or songwriter. It just happened.''' ,]
+++