+++
author = "Queen Latifah"
title = "Queen Latifah Quotes"
quotes_len = "129"
description = "the best 129 Queen Latifah Quotes"
keywords = "queen latifah,queen latifah quotes,queen latifah quote,queen latifah sayings,queen latifah saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was taught from a young age that many people would treat me as a second-class citizen because I was African-American and because I was female.''' ,'''There are a lot of people who helped make Queen Latifah who she is today. I don't forget, but a lot of people do and get big heads.''' ,'''Racism is ignorant. And it's stupid. And it's old. And it's played out. So beat it already with that, you know what I mean? 'Let's all get along' - I'm so tired of that damn sentence, but it's true.''' ,'''I have always felt strongly about empowering women. I'm living proof that, with confidence and by believing in yourself, you can accomplish any goal.''' ,'''Having Black hair is unique in that Black women change up styles a lot. You can walk down one street block in New York City and see 10 different hairstyles that Black women are wearing: straight curls, short cuts, braids - we really run the gamut.''' ,'''Sometimes you do have to bank on yourself. You do have to believe in your ideas enough to really get out there and fight for it despite what people think of some young kids from the hood.''' ,'''Church was a requirement - there was no choice in the matter; so was vacation bible school. Gospel has been in me since I was a kid.''' ,'''If we focus on our health, including our inner health, our self-esteem, and how we look at ourselves and our confidence level, we'll tend to be healthier people anyway, we'll tend to make better choices for our lives, for our bodies, we'll always be trying to learn more, and get better as time goes on.''' ,'''Award shows, like the Grammys, were tough on us early in hip-hop, not even televising our categories or splitting them up on best male or female or any of that. We had to earn them.''' ,'''If you try to follow everyone else's mold, you'll probably fail at some point because God created us uniquely for a reason.''' ,'''I did Jay Leno with Mike the Situation, and he just - he lives, like, ten minutes from me in Jersey. He's like, 'If you ever get a flat, call me. I'll come fix your tire.' That's how we do. That's neighborly, you know?''' ,'''Be bold, be brave enough to be your true self.''' ,'''We ignore our feelings a lot, I realize. Many of us have to... until they really bite us in the butt.''' ,'''There are a lot of people who helped make Queen Latifah who she is today. I don't forget, but a lot of people do and get big heads. My mom will make me walk the dogs or take out the trash when I go home. I'm not allowed to get a big head; I've still got to do the simple things in life.''' ,'''I was baptized a Baptist, but I'm just Christian, as far as I'm concerned. I could go in any church, doesn't matter if it's Baptist, Protestant, Episcopal, or Catholic.''' ,'''There was always music in our home. My mom and my dad loved music. I remember when we were kids we would have these great parties at the house with congas and bongos and African drums, and it was amazing. It wasn't until years later that I found out that they were actually Black Panther meetings.''' ,'''God is my homeboy. Jesus is my homeboy.''' ,'''When I'm wearing too-high heels and swaying my hips, I do that Sharon Stone kind of thing - she has the sexiest walk, a New York cool thing that throws you back.''' ,'''I don't feel like I need to share my personal life, and I don't care if people think I'm gay or not. Assume whatever you want. You do it anyway.''' ,'''Bowling, I like bowling. I've been getting into this bowling thing. It's kinda fun.''' ,'''I've never wanted to be put into a box, not musically.''' ,'''I enjoy just being me. I don't need to be Queen Latifah, the brand, 24 hours a day.''' ,'''Always follow your own path.''' ,'''I'm cool with myself. If I can't have the body of Angie Bassett, so be it.''' ,'''Business is fun. Controlling your own destiny is fun. Creating an idea and turning it into a movie; finding an artist and guiding their career and bringing them to some type of status - there's joy in that.''' ,'''I am not one to turn down macaroni and cheese, even late at night. I love Italian food. I love pasta... A refrigerator full of water and Gatorade? Honey, that's just not gonna happen.''' ,'''I totally want, like, 18 babies.''' ,'''I am a strong woman with or without this other person, with or without this job, and with or without these tight pants.''' ,'''I'm not allowed to get a big head, I've still got to do the simple things in life.''' ,'''I've never been the straight rapper that is going to stand in a cipher and battle all day. I started off battle rapping, but to me, making songs became more important than freestyles... I've met many rappers who can freestyle but can't make a record.''' ,'''When my body feels good, I feel more energized and alive, and that's sexy. I'm taking care of this body God gave me.''' ,'''I've been giving back since I was a teen, handing out turkeys at Thanksgiving and handing out toys at toys drives for Christmas. It's very important to give back as a youth. It's as simple as helping an old lady across the street or giving up your seat on the bus for someone who is pregnant.''' ,'''When I'm doing something I love, I can lose sleep. I can go and go and go and go. My work ethic is pretty intense. But when it comes to doing something that I don't love every day, I'm not very good at it. That's called work, and I don't like work that much.''' ,'''You do silly things for love sometimes and not-so-smart things for love.''' ,'''I'm a sucker for a man who cries. It just gets to me.''' ,'''I love riding, even if it's just my Vespa. You just zip and do your thing. I find there's a different awareness when I ride; it connects me to my senses and to God.''' ,'''Beauty is not just a white girl. It's so many different flavors and shades.''' ,'''I made decisions that I regret, and I took them as learning experiences... I'm human, not perfect, like anybody else.''' ,'''I know a lot of people who really aren't beautiful because their attitudes are very nasty... Whether I make the 50 most beautiful list or not, I'm always going to feel like I'm number one most beautiful to myself... I get that from my mom, and my daddy and my friends who raised me.''' ,'''I have a drum set in my dressing room. I play drums to relax and have some fun.''' ,'''When I was around 18, I looked in the mirror and said, 'You're either going to love yourself or hate yourself.' And I decided to love myself. That changed a lot of things.''' ,'''I want to have and adopt. I always have; ever since I was 18, I wanted a baby, and I wanted to have and adopt because there are a lot of kids. I want to adopt an American baby though, you know what I mean, no offense. Just because there are so many kids here that need our help.''' ,'''I'm probably proudest of being able to lift a lot of us out of the 'hood. That's the biggest thing, that I've been able to employ a lot of people and give them opportunities.''' ,'''To me, hip hop will never be right until female rappers have a stronger voice in it.''' ,'''I never pictured myself as just a rapper; I always wanted to act and do whatever else I could do. I always felt like I could do a lot of different things.''' ,'''Two records put me over the top with hip-hop. One of them was 'Planet Rock,' and the other had no lyrics - it was called 'Numbers,' from a group called Kraftwerk. Every kid in the 'hood in New York and New Jersey was popping, locking, and breaking to that record. It was the hottest track on the street at the time.''' ,'''I really don't know how to be anyone else, and whenever I try to be anyone else, I fail miserably. Or I disappoint myself. It doesn't build my self-esteem, and it doesn't help me grow me at all.''' ,'''I remember praying for peace all the time as a kid.''' ,'''I know people who are twice as creative as I am, twice as smart, but they didn't do anything because they feared going into a room and opening their mouths. My parents told me to truly accomplish things in my life, there would be times I would have to stand alone. It may be scary, but that's what it requires.''' ,'''Most people don't have so much talent that they can become a success all their own. We all need people to help us and lift us up.''' ,'''You can't let fear paralyze you. The worse that can happen is you fail, but guess what: You get up and try again. Feel that pain, get over it, get up, dust yourself off and keep it moving.''' ,'''I love Ralph Lauren, just as a designer. I still think he could make some better sizes with his clothes, but I like the idea of his classic American style.''' ,'''If you can draw something from my life that helps, more power to you.''' ,'''I support many organizations that I feel are doing the right thing, like Alonzo Mourning's foundation, Alicia Keys' foundation, the Make-a-Wish Foundation, and other well-established foundations. I kick out a lot of time and money wherever I can.''' ,'''How many crossroads are you allowed to have in life? I seem to have a lot of crossroads. I think maybe I crossed back across the same road too often.''' ,'''I lost relatives to AIDS. A couple of my closest cousins, favorite cousins. I lost friends to AIDS, high school friends who never even made it to their 21st birthdays in the '80s. When it's that close to you, you can't - you know, you can't really deny it, and you can't run from it.''' ,'''I want every day to be life for the living, not just traipsing through it existing. I'm just interested in life and the world and exploring.''' ,'''To me, doing a gay pride show is one of the most fun things. My first show that paid more than $10,000 was in a gay club on New Year's Eve in San Francisco.''' ,'''I don't have to really be in the 60s. Every time I hail a cab in New York, and they pass me by and pick up the white person, then I get a dose of it. Or when they don't want to take you to Harlem. I grew up with that.''' ,'''The objectification of females is not a good thing! Not every rapper does this, but when the lyrics focus solely on the strip club, 'poppin' bottles' and how many girls they can 'tap,' it distorts what kids are learning. I think if there was more of a female presence in hip hop we could break up the monotony. It's all about balance.''' ,'''Fear can be good when you're walking past an alley at night or when you need to check the locks on your doors before you go to bed, but it's not good when you have a goal and you're fearful of obstacles. We often get trapped by our fears, but anyone who has had success has failed before.''' ,'''I would like - either as an actor, or producer or even director - to do something sci-fi or action-related. I like sci-fi, always have, 'Star Trek' and 'Star Wars' and all that stuff.''' ,'''To me, I always felt like I was carrying a torch for women of any size to be themselves - it doesn't matter whether you're a size 2 or a 22, just be who you are.''' ,'''I'm not the type that's going to sit and preach to people if they don't need it just because I've been around the block a few times.''' ,'''If I ran into a 19-year-old version of myself, I'd just tell her to live, full out. I might also tell her to go ahead and have a few babies and not worry about the timing of it.''' ,'''I like Pirate's Booty. Prunes and olives, too. I love hummus. I can eat that until I die. I tend to eat mostly organic food.''' ,'''I do feel like I have a direct connection with God for some reason; always have since I was a little kid - I would talk to God, talk to the sky.''' ,'''A lot of people are crazy, cruel and negative. They got a little too much time on their hands to discuss everybody else. I have a limited amount of energy to blow in a day. I'd rather read something that I like or watch a program I enjoy or ride my damn motorcycle or throw back a couple of shots of tequila with my friends.''' ,'''When it came time to be a professional rapper, I wouldn't sign anything without reading it. There was no way I was going to have people make decisions for me or wake up one day and find that I was broke because I never bothered to read a contract.''' ,'''I feel like I've set the example for loving your body no matter what size it is, but I also can set the example for being healthy as well.''' ,'''I feel like every woman is a queen, and we should be treated as such, and we should, you know, sort of request that sort of treatment from others.''' ,'''As a teenager, I had big breasts for my age, and my friends cracked on me a lot.''' ,'''Don't you want to know what's real and what's not? I remember when I was a kid, you know, this whole Cold War thing. They had us scared of the Russians. So, it's almost like, what's real and what's not?''' ,'''If there are kids who want to follow in my footsteps, I'd say that my shoes are too big for them to fill! But their shoe size is just perfect.''' ,'''I'm proud of everything I do, but I think I'm the most happy about becoming a rapper. It was my entrance into everything. That helped me get into acting.''' ,'''Every woman is a queen, and we all have different things to offer.''' ,'''Look at people for an example, but then make sure to do things your way. Surround yourself with positive people.''' ,'''I don't have to take a trip around the world or be on a yacht in the Mediterranean to have happiness. I can find it in the little things, like looking out into my backyard and seeing deer in the fields.''' ,'''My legs are nice, my lips are shapely, and my breasts are pretty. They popped up when I was 11 and they weren't small then. I was teased, but now those kids wish they had what I have!''' ,'''I have my dad's shape. No booty.''' ,'''Dolly Parton made me chicken and dumplings. That Tennessee woman can burn some pots! And we know that I am not necessarily shy to a fork!''' ,'''I learned early that I had to work harder than the white kids and harder than the boys.''' ,'''I think I'd be a great mom, honestly. I don't think I'll have any problem giving them all the love in the world. Discipline will be the hard part.''' ,'''As a rapper, you sort of act in music videos and in the persona you adopt onstage. You kinda have to put yourself out there and be courageous even to be a rapper. So, to step into acting was not that difficult a transition to make.''' ,'''I lost relatives to AIDS, a couple of my closest cousins. I lost friends to AIDS, high-school friends who never even made it to their 21st birthdays in the '80s. When it's that close to you, you can't really deny it, and you can't run from it.''' ,'''Hip-hop definitely taught me a lot. Having to create your own identity and become known and respected in a male-dominated field - it requires some guts. There are times you have to be strong, and times when you have to stand alone for what you believe in.''' ,'''When I was growing up, there were so many musicals you could watch. I like the fantasy of musicals and I love music.''' ,'''There were musicians that influenced me, but they weren't all women. Teena Marie was a big influence because she wrote and produced her own music, which let me know that women could write and produce their own music, which was an empowering moment for me.''' ,'''My house borders horse farms, and I can look out my window and see the horses and the new colts. It's really peaceful.''' ,'''I enjoy going to work and having a good time. It's tough when you got to work with people who just are in a bad mood all the damn time.''' ,'''To wanna be me is to go through not just the good but the bad. You wanna share my story identically? Man, you gonna take some lumps.''' ,'''New Jersey is a great place to live. And we have given some of the best talent to the world, from Jack Nicholson, John Travolta, to Jerry Lewis to Bon Jovi to Frank Sinatra.''' ,'''The movie I've seen a million times is 'Steel Magnolias,' directed by Herbert Ross, starring Sally Field and Julia Roberts.''' ,'''I often go to bed in my birthday suit. But I like teddies and cute little undies that match. I like a sexy bra and panty set, or little shorts.''' ,'''There's no way I can represent for everyone. I can't represent for all women or all big women or all black women. It's important for people not to make celebrities their source of who they should be in life. I can't take on the pressure of being perfect. Nobody is.''' ,'''I'd say, if you want to be an artist, start with your art; start with making great music and it will, hopefully, eventually cut through all of the nonsense that is out there.''' ,'''I'm not one of those people who wake up chatting. I usually don't want to speak for the first 10 or 20 minutes. And I don't really want you to talk to me either!''' ,'''My mom will make me walk the dogs or take out the trash when I go home.''' ,'''I've hosted the Soul Train awards, the American Music Awards... and I had my own talk show. So if I can't host by now, what the hell can I do?''' ,'''I often find it's just the confidence that makes you sexy, not what your body looks like. It's how you feel about yourself that makes you sexy.''' ,'''Running for office was definitely something I've thought about. When I was younger, I wanted to major in political science. And I've been engaged in current events since I was a kid. If I can make a difference and feel passionately and capable, then I would. Why not?''' ,'''There's the part of my life that the public and I share together. And there's the part that's mine to keep for myself. And that's mine. For me.''' ,'''I have to be realistic about what I can and can't do. So whatever I do has to really be worth it. I like to master the things I do.''' ,'''Lets be clear, Dolly Parton is a rapper. Somewhere before all the country, I don't know what happens up there in the mountains when you're growing up, but she has been spitting rhymes for a very long time - 50 years I'd say.''' ,'''A confident woman is a sexy woman, in my opinion. And I think guys find that to be the same way.''' ,'''I've loved car racing all my life. I watch NASCAR regularly, and drag racing because we have Raceway Park in New Jersey. I think I got it from my father.''' ,'''I want to see 10 female rappers getting regular rotation. It can't be all about a man's opinion.''' ,'''There are times you can't really see or even feel how sweet life can be. Hopefully its mountains will be higher than its valleys are deep. I know things that are broken can be fixed. Take the punch if you have to, hit the canvas and then get up again. Life is worth it.''' ,'''I think as far as the music industry is concerned, it's kind of been the wild, wild West in a way with the Internet, which is not necessarily a bad thing to me.''' ,'''I always loved all kinds of music. I would watch musicals a lot as a kid, on TV, watch the Fred Astaire movies. I'd watch 'The Wizard of Oz.' I was a big Jerry Lewis fan, and they'd have these big bands and someone singing - some siren, or some guy singing some gorgeous song. I was always enamored of that style of music.''' ,'''Sometimes I pray when I really feel like I need God to help me with something, and sometimes we just have conversations. We just kick it.''' ,'''My mother wouldn't allow me to speak slang when I was growing up. But when I got outside, around my friends, it was 'Yo' and 'That's the joint' and 'Yo, what's up?' So I had my game for my friends and my game for my mom.''' ,'''I don't eat bad food. I probably just eat too much food, and I think a lot of people do.''' ,'''My mom was my main influence growing up, and Phylicia Rashad reminded me a lot of my mother, just the way she handled certain things, she was... not soft-spoken but smooth-spoken. Just very calm, cool, collected about things.''' ,'''I promised my mom that if, after a year of putting 150 percent into my career it didn't work out, I would go back to school. I never did go back.''' ,'''I was not born a size 2. I'm not skinny, period. I'm not willing to sleep with the director or step on somebody else's neck to get the job.''' ,'''I clean up really well. I can get dolled up.''' ,'''I came from a crew, and to me, all the guys I rapped with were better than me, so I was surprised when I was the breakout one. It was definitely a cool thing.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm from Jersey; it's almost like I was automatically born a Nets fan.''' ,'''I would say I'm voluptuous. Statuesque. Definitely curvaceous.''' ,'''Anyone who knows me knows that I'm way more of a joker than I am a serious person.''' ,'''I wish every woman would love herself and embrace what she was given naturally.''' ,'''I used to do school plays. I never really took any acting classes. I'm just a natural ham, I guess.''' ,'''If my brother and I wanted money in our pockets, we had to get jobs - my first was at 15, at Burger King. We had to come up with ways to create an income.''' ,'''I realized there was racism because people thought, 'Oh, if you like roll 'n' roll, that makes you like a white kid.'''' ,'''I got a few marriage proposals in my 20s. I just wasn't ready. I just knew if I committed, I would've wound up doing something wrong, messing it up. I still felt like I had some living to do.''' ,'''My mom has always been my champion. She was very smart and grounded. She said, 'Save your money. Pay your taxes. Don't put everything in one basket,' but she let me explore and be creative.''' ,'''Dreams become reality when we put our minds to it.''' ,'''People have often asked me, do I want to be the next Oprah - there is no such thing. Oprah is Oprah, and she's still being Oprah if anybody hasn't noticed... what I bring to TV is myself... I really think there's space in daytime TV for a whole bunch of fun, some amazing music, and some heart.''' ,]
+++