+++
author = "John Shimkus"
title = "John Shimkus Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 John Shimkus Quotes"
keywords = "john shimkus,john shimkus quotes,john shimkus quote,john shimkus sayings,john shimkus saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Sometimes in this whole Medicare prescription drug debate, we focus on the prescription drug benefit, and I am glad we do because it is the first time we have ever offered real help to seniors, especially the poor, those in need.''' ,'''The earth will end only when God declares it's time to be over. Man will not destroy this earth. This earth will not be destroyed by a flood.''' ,'''When you go to the polls, ethics and morality should be part of the evaluation.''' ,'''Various Turkish people invaded southwest Asia during the Middle Ages and carved an empire for themselves from lands occupied by the indigenous Semitic and Indo-European inhabitants.''' ,'''U.S. corn exports to CAFTA countries will benefit from reduced tariffs and duty-free access for corn products.''' ,'''But, also, before I even go on the Medicare prescription drug debate, I always tell the folks in rural Illinois, and I represent 30 counties south of Springfield down to Indiana and Kentucky, that in this bill is the best rural package for hospitals ever passed.''' ,'''I do believe in the Bible as the final word of God. And I do believe that God said the Earth would not be destroyed by a flood. Now, do I believe in climate change? In my trip to Greenland, the answer is yes. The climate is changing.''' ,'''I taught world history. I understand there was an Ice Age... seasons come and seasons go. I do not believe the world's going to end because of the 2 percent man-made greenhouse gas emissions in the atmosphere. And even if it were, we're not going to stop it.''' ,'''Public-policy-wise, if you want to be consistent, crude oil is a bulk commodity, and you should be able to export it. I would rather the crude go to U.S. refineries to get refined and then export the refined product because we get double, triple the money.''' ,'''Illinois corn farmers are the Nation's number two exporter of feed grains.''' ,'''States are looking for low-cost solutions that will enable better communication, while avoiding the danger in which the chain of command breaks down in emergencies. We do not want everyone talking to everyone else all the time.''' ,'''I am proud that the Republican Party stands for strong support for the military, and I am sure we will consistently support our men and women serving in dangerous places around the world and their families.''' ,'''All the Baltic countries have been steadfast in support of allies of the United States since they gained their independence following the fall of the Soviet Union and have continued to be supportive in the ongoing war on terror.''' ,'''People understand we have a dependence upon foreign oil. What they do not understand and find incredibly ridiculous is that we import refined product just making us more dependent on the industry.''' ,'''Rosa Parks was a woman of strength, conviction, and morality. Her action on December 1, 1955, to defy the law made her a leading figure in our nation's civil rights history.''' ,'''The public is very forgiving. So we're not trying to obtain some level of perfection that can't be obtained. But if you're straightforward and honest and your constituents trust you, they'll help you get through the times when you fall short.''' ,'''Modern Armenia survived only because it was the single province controlled, and protected, by the Russian Empire. The rest of the territory within its historical borders is almost wholly devoid of ethnic Armenians.''' ,'''Rosa Parks inspired many. She will not be forgotten.''' ,'''The 'life' in 'pro-life' denotes not the quality of life, but life itself.''' ,'''I do believe that it was through divine providence that the Founding Fathers drafted a document that created a government that didn't trust each other - hence the separation of powers. And then, to close the deal, the Bill of Rights was added to continue to protect individual rights and freedoms.''' ,'''Saddam Hussein played a terrible game of trying to deceive the world that he had weapons of mass destruction. Everyone bought it. The United States called him on his braggadocio, and we are all paying for the results - especially the American taxpayer.''' ,'''I am a Republican because of my military background, my pro-life beliefs, my support for the Second Amendment, and my belief that government should not grow excessively.''' ,'''As we all know, no crude oil refineries have been built in the United States since 1976. During that time, close to 100 ethanol refineries have been built.''' ,'''Nitrogen fertilizer is used on all crops produced in this country, but it is a key plant nutrient to produce corn a critical crop to Illinois farmers.''' ,]
+++