+++
author = "Monica Potter"
title = "Monica Potter Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Monica Potter Quotes"
keywords = "monica potter,monica potter quotes,monica potter quote,monica potter sayings,monica potter saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's reality shows and things like that and I think 'Parenthood's kind of a throwback to what we used to have back in the '70s, '80s and '90s. People want to see this again, and I feel like it's just a solid, good show.''' ,'''Most women do not realize that heart disease is the #1 killer of American women.''' ,'''I love to clean. I love to cook.''' ,'''I am so not technically proficient at all.''' ,'''You can't force your child to go to bed. Well, you can, but it doesn't work.''' ,'''I had to go for a mammogram - my first mammogram ever - and It was really scary and I didn't know what to expect.''' ,'''I shop at thrift stores a lot. I have a lot of silver pitchers and I put my flowers in those. I collect antiques, so there are a lot of old rocking chairs... My friends call my home the vortex because nobody wants to leave.''' ,'''I'm taking better care of myself by eating healthy, exercising and doing my best to keep my stress level down as well as role modeling good habits for my kids.''' ,'''The importance of heart health became very real for me when my father died of heart disease seven years ago. Having experienced the loss first hand, I am inspired to do everything I can to break the cycle and prevent families from losing loved ones to this preventable disease.''' ,'''People figure because I'm blonde and was a model, I just waltzed into Los Angeles and got major roles in major films.''' ,'''Well, I don't like yoga. I've got a thousand things to do.''' ,'''During the week it isn't always easy to sit down together and I am usually in a rush to get everyone off to school. A bowl of cereal and milk with fruit is perfect because it's quick and easy. I like to mix it up on the weekends when we can all relax in our pajamas.''' ,'''Size 8 is great! That is my new motto. I was a 14 and 6 and 12. I think it's healthy. I like to eat, drink and be merry!''' ,'''Well, I am not really a conventional mom at all. Like, I had my kids really young. I had Danny when I was 18 or 19 and then Liam when I was 23 and Molly, I had when I was a little older.''' ,'''Every one and every single time is different, and I didn't have C-sections, which I don't know if that's lucky or unlucky, but I was able to feel every contraction. You forget what it feels like. God's got a great way of making women forget what it's like because we would never go through it again.''' ,'''I left L.A. and moved to Cleveland for four years in the early 2000s or whatever. I came back and thought that everything had changed. I was like, 'Oh my God, I don't think I ever fit in here. And wait, who are all of these celebrities that are not actors? Where did all of the actors go?'''' ,'''Yeah, I think there are a lot of things about Cleveland that I miss. Los Angeles is a funny place to live.''' ,'''As a mom, I understand how important it is to ensure kids start their day right and always make sure my kids have a nutritious breakfast. One in five U.S. children live in homes where food is not always available, which is why I partnered with Kellogg's on their 'Share Your Breakfast' campaign, which provide breakfasts to kids in need.''' ,]
+++