+++
author = "Russell Westbrook"
title = "Russell Westbrook Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Russell Westbrook Quotes"
keywords = "russell westbrook,russell westbrook quotes,russell westbrook quote,russell westbrook sayings,russell westbrook saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm never satisfied. I'm always trying to get better and learn from my mistakes.''' ,'''I've always had to prove myself to people growing up. I had to show them that I could do this and I could do that and paying no mind to what the critics said.''' ,'''Reading what a good shot is, based on time and score of the game, based on the shot clock, based on my position - there's a lot of things that go into it. It's a lot of things that you think about based on when to shoot it or when not to.''' ,'''I'm not getting dressed to make a scene or, like, 'Oh, look what Westbrook has on today!' If I like something, I'll put it on. I go to the game. That's how it is.''' ,'''In college I didn't dress up every day, for class or stuff like that, but when it came time to do certain things I'd dress up for sure.''' ,'''You gotta win; that's all I care about.''' ,'''I actually have a closet that's all shoes, maybe 700 pairs.''' ,'''Magic Johnson was my favorite player growing up.''' ,'''I think fatherhood would change anybody when you have your first son. It's been amazing.''' ,'''Everybody knows that I like Oklahoma City, and I love being here. I love everybody here.''' ,'''I say, 'Why not' to everything.''' ,'''I'm confident in some of the things that I wear, regardless of what other people are wearing.''' ,'''Basketball is the axis that allows me to do the things that I do. I have so much love for the game, and it gives me to the option to be able to jump into fashion.''' ,'''I have a certain taste, and I might be like, 'I like this,' when other people are like, 'I can't wear that.' And in basketball, I might be able to do things other guys might not.''' ,'''Obviously, in the NBA, there's a lot of different decisions that people make. The whole thing in the NBA is that people sometimes have an opportunity to go where they want.''' ,'''If I get to know somebody, I'll open up, but other than that I like to sit back and observe things.''' ,'''Every day when I get on the floor I give it my all and play because you never know what tomorrow holds.''' ,'''Messy stuff irritates me. I don't like messiness. If you leave something around my house, I'll tell you to move it back, clean it up, throw it in the trash - don't matter, just get rid of it. I need stuff neat, organized. And once I start cleaning stuff, I don't stop until it's done. Otherwise I'm irritated all day.''' ,'''You see how can you help your team, help yourself improve, and that's what I try to figure out throughout the season.''' ,'''Shoes make an outfit. You can throw on a crazy shirt and crazy pants but you add those shoes - done.''' ,'''My advantage is attacking, regardless of who's in front of me. That's my advantage. And I've got to use my advantage to help my team and help myself.''' ,'''My friends and I started that motto early in high school - that attitude, that mentality - from way back then: Want to go to Stanford? Why not? Want to play in the NBA? Why not?''' ,'''There's no reason to hold yourself back and say you can't do something in life unless you go for it and try to do it.''' ,'''When I was younger, I was into fashion, but I wasn't always able to afford and have the platform to express myself and do different things that I'm able to do now.''' ,'''My childhood, I wouldn't say it was bad. It helped me grow up. I stayed out of trouble. My parents taught me what's wrong and right, and knowing that I had a little brother following me, I had to make sure I was doing the right thing so he knows what's right, too. I was in the house nine days out of 10. There wasn't nothing good outside for me.''' ,]
+++