+++
author = "Elvis Presley"
title = "Elvis Presley Quotes"
quotes_len = "65"
description = "the best 65 Elvis Presley Quotes"
keywords = "elvis presley,elvis presley quotes,elvis presley quote,elvis presley sayings,elvis presley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Man, that record came out and was real big in Memphis. They started playing it, and it got real big. Don't know why-the lyrics had no meaning.''' ,'''More than anything else, I want the folks back at home to think right of me.''' ,'''Rock and roll music, if you like it, if you feel it, you can't help but move to it. That's what happens to me. I can't help it.'''' ,'''From the time I was a kid, I always knew something was going to happen to me. Didn't know exactly what.''' ,'''I hope I didn't bore you too much with my life story.''' ,'''My movements, ma'am, are all leg movements. I don't do nothing with my body.''' ,'''I'm strictly for Stevenson. I don't dig the intellectual bit, but I'm telling you, man, he knows the most.''' ,'''Every time I think that I'm getting old, and gradually going to the grave, something else happens.''' ,'''I have no use for bodyguards, but I have very specific use for two highly trained certified public accountants.''' ,'''When I got outta High School I was driving a truck. I was just a poor boy from Memphis, Memphis.''' ,'''After a hard day of basic training, you could eat a rattlesnake.''' ,'''I happened to come along in the music business when there was no trend.''' ,'''The next thing I knew, I was out of the service and making movies again. My first picture was called, GI Blues. I thought I was still in the army.''' ,'''I'm trying to keep a level head. You have to be careful out in the world. It's so easy to get turned.''' ,'''When I was a boy, I always saw myself as a hero in comic books and in movies. I grew up believing this dream.''' ,'''I miss my singing career very much.''' ,'''When I get married, it'll be no secret.''' ,'''I'm not trying to be sexy. It's just my way of expressing myself when I move around.''' ,'''There are too many people that depend on me. I'm too obligated. I'm in too far to get out.''' ,'''I knew by heart all the dialogue of James Dean's films; I could watch Rebel Without a Cause a hundred times over.''' ,'''I'm so nervous. I've always been nervous, ever since I was a kid.''' ,'''Too much TV hurts movies.''' ,'''I don't think I'm bad for people. If I did think I was bad for people, I would go back to driving a truck, and I really mean this.''' ,'''Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.''' ,'''I think I have something tonight that's not quite correct for evening wear. Blue suede shoes.''' ,'''I'm no hillbilly singer.''' ,'''Since the beginning, it was just the same. The only difference, the crowds are bigger now.''' ,'''I like entertaining people. I really miss it.''' ,'''I like to sing ballads the way Eddie Fisher does and the way Perry Como does. But the way I'm singing now is what makes the money.''' ,'''People ask me where I got my singing style. I didn't copy my style from anybody.''' ,'''I sure lost my musical direction in Hollywood. My songs were the same conveyer belt mass production, just like most of my movies were.''' ,'''Rhythm is something you either have or don't have, but when you have it, you have it all over.''' ,'''Man, I really like Vegas.''' ,'''Those movies sure got me into a rut.''' ,'''I was an only child, and Mother was always right with me all my life. I used to get very angry at her when I was growing up-it's a natural thing.''' ,'''I did the Ed Sullivan show four times. I did the Steve Allen show. I did the Jackie Gleason show.''' ,'''I'd just like to be treated like a regular customer.''' ,'''I've tried to lead a straight, clean life, not set any kind of a bad example.''' ,'''I've been getting some bad publicity - but you got to expect that.''' ,'''Later on they send me to Hollywood. To make movies. It was all new to me. I was only 21 years old.''' ,'''I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to.''' ,'''Those people in New York are not gonna change me none.''' ,'''I'll stay in Memphis.''' ,'''I was an overnight sensation.''' ,'''The closest I ever came to getting married was just before I started singing. In fact, my first record saved my neck.''' ,'''Adversity is sometimes hard upon a man; but for one man who can stand prosperity, there are a hundred that will stand adversity.''' ,'''The Lord can give, and the Lord can take away. I might be herding sheep next year.''' ,'''I'll never feel comfortable taking a strong drink, and I'll never feel easy smoking a cigarette. I just don't think those things are right for me.''' ,'''They put me on television. And the whole thing broke loose. It was wild, I tell ya for sure.''' ,'''Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine.''' ,'''That's why I hate to get started in these jam sessions. I'm always the last one to leave.''' ,'''The colored folks been singing it and playing it just like I'm doin' now, man, for more years than I know. I got it from them.''' ,'''Just because I managed to do a little something, I don't want anyone back home to think I got the big head.''' ,'''I don't do any vulgar movements.''' ,'''Until we meet again, may God bless you as he has blessed me.''' ,'''The army teaches boys to think like men.''' ,'''The image is one thing and the human being is another. It's very hard to live up to an image, put it that way.''' ,'''It's human nature to gripe, but I'm going ahead and doing the best I can.''' ,'''I'll never make it, it will never happen, because they're never going to hear me 'cause they're screaming all the time.''' ,'''I never expected to be anybody important.''' ,'''I've never written a song in my life. It's all a big hoax.''' ,'''Whatever I will become will be what God has chosen for me.''' ,'''I was training to be an electrician. I suppose I got wired the wrong way round somewhere along the line.''' ,'''A live concert to me is exciting because of all the electricity that is generated in the crowd and on stage. It's my favorite part of the business, live concerts.''' ,'''I learned how important it is to entertain people and give them a reason to come and watch you play.''' ,]
+++