+++
author = "Elizabeth Olsen"
title = "Elizabeth Olsen Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Elizabeth Olsen Quotes"
keywords = "elizabeth olsen,elizabeth olsen quotes,elizabeth olsen quote,elizabeth olsen sayings,elizabeth olsen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's interesting to watch myself with an audience; I'm trying hard to learn from it.''' ,'''I auditioned equally for film and theater. The difference is that theater has seasons, while film, it's always happening.''' ,'''I would love to date a chef. I'd probably get really fat, but I don't care.''' ,'''I feel it is obvious when someone has thought too much about what they're wearing.''' ,'''Normally I don't feel like having a belly full of pasta.''' ,'''I just need to figure out how to grow without compromising.''' ,'''I've never read a young adult novel, though. I'm sure I would love it, but I've never read one.''' ,'''I've always had a complex about being taken seriously.''' ,'''I like men-inspired outfits.''' ,'''I always went to see independent films, they're the movies I'm usually most excited to see.''' ,'''Well, I'd love to work with Kate Winslet - she's amazing.''' ,'''My friends and I started making films when I was still in kindergarten.''' ,'''You want everyone to succeed in your family.''' ,'''I was embarrassed that I even wanted to become an actress because coming from L.A., with two older sisters in the business and a mom who had been a ballet dancer, it was such a cliche.''' ,'''What keeps you confident in a healthy way is knowing that everyone else around you is going to support you and teach you and you're going to learn from them. I just feel open to learning from people.''' ,'''And I think in theater, people don't really focus on the media unless there's a huge superstar doing a play or something.''' ,'''But I have a list of books that I want to read before I die, and whenever I get time to read something that isn't a script, I'll read something from that.''' ,'''I really actually enjoy auditioning.''' ,'''I believe that you are only in control of so much. So whatever you are not in control of you can't worry about.''' ,'''I never understood why anyone would do magazines. Like, why would someone put their face out there so much? It's because those people reading magazines will go see the movie, so you do it.''' ,'''I think a lot of films do themselves a disfavor by putting in way too much information, and everyone knows what's gonna happen next, and no one can actually discover things as they go.''' ,'''Movies are in a much longer production conversation before an actor is even involved. I always thought of actors as the last piece of the puzzle - so you're a tool.''' ,'''I've always loved being a student.''' ,'''Yes, I don't read books for entertainment.''' ,'''My brother knows more about film sets than I do, because he works at New York Film Academy.''' ,'''I find acting conservatories really important. I've gone to four different ones, and all of them provided totally different tools for me.''' ,''''The Sun Also Rises' by Ernest Hemingway is my favorite book. You feel manly reading it.''' ,'''I'm the curvy one of the family.''' ,'''No, I wouldn't want the paparazzi ever following me in my life.''' ,'''I also want to go to an Italian island and do cuisine properly with some famous Italian chef and, like, his mother.''' ,'''I don't know about you, but my girlfriends have been my girlfriends forever, and they're my sisters and my family.''' ,'''The tabloids create their own stories about people's lives that don't exist.''' ,'''Everyone is always surprised by how old I am. They think I'm older, but it's always been that way. I'm the youngest of four - maybe you grow up quicker because you just watch the big people.''' ,'''If you don't like something, talk about something else that's great and maybe someone else will discover it and think it's great too.''' ,'''I've only done one shoot where it's modeling clothes, not like me in my environment. And the stylist, literally, I had her stand behind the photographer and do poses.''' ,'''I think every day you try to soak up as much as you can to learn and understand things better.''' ,'''When I was 14 or 15, I was a really good volleyball player, so I thought, 'Well, maybe I'll just get a scholarship to an Ivy League school through volleyball.' Then I quit when I decided to focus on theater.''' ,'''I get way too much happiness from good food.''' ,'''I'm the first one who sees every romantic comedy in theaters.''' ,'''And I've been taking acting classes since I was 7.''' ,'''I never wanted anyone to think that I would use my family name to get me anywhere.''' ,'''And at NYU, I went to the Atlantic Theater Company, and they have two main points. One of them is to always be active in something instead of just feeling it. And the other is figuring out your character.''' ,'''I had a great drama teacher in high school, and that's when I started to learn about the history of theater.''' ,'''I'm terrified of improv. Improv in a show or in front of an audience sounds terrifying.''' ,]
+++