+++
author = "Sheryl Lee Ralph"
title = "Sheryl Lee Ralph Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Sheryl Lee Ralph Quotes"
keywords = "sheryl lee ralph,sheryl lee ralph quotes,sheryl lee ralph quote,sheryl lee ralph sayings,sheryl lee ralph saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love singing; I just don't get to do it enough. The times that I do it, once a year, every year with 'Divas Simply Singing,' is a truly joy to me, but I'd love to do it some more.''' ,'''I remember specifically, in the summer of 2002, the rate of women infected with HIV/AIDS was beginning to match the rate of men, and nobody was talking about it. It was as if it was on nobody else's radar. I had made up my mind to do something about it.''' ,'''I love, love, love live performance. It's like walking a tightrope without the net. You better be on point; you better be balanced. You better have rehearsed it and seen it from every vantage so you can do what you do best. I do love film because it's up front in your face, and hopefully you've got a great editor.''' ,'''To tell you the truth, I'm shocked, as I travel across this country, at how little people know or don't want to know about HIV/AIDS. There are a lot of people who don't know that HIV is one thing and AIDS is another. Those people just think it's one big old alphabet of a disease.''' ,'''Very often, people talk about mothers, and they think that mother has to lose her sexuality. Mother has to be plain. Mothers cannot be exciting. Mother should not be up on what's going on; she shouldn't know the jargon of the day. And I just find that so old-fashioned!''' ,'''I'm married to Senator Vincent Hughes of Pennsylvania, so I always am speaking my mind. I remember, growing up, my parents were always involved in what was going on in the community, and their involvement helped me in so many different ways and other people within our community.''' ,'''I cannot believe that my generation may very well have been the last one to have sex education in schools that was truly the complete and total package. I mean what are we doing? Are we in the future, but acting like it's The Dark Ages?''' ,]
+++