+++
author = "Marc Ostrofsky"
title = "Marc Ostrofsky Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Marc Ostrofsky Quotes"
keywords = "marc ostrofsky,marc ostrofsky quotes,marc ostrofsky quote,marc ostrofsky sayings,marc ostrofsky saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Direct navigation traffic is by far the most highly targeted form of web traffic available.''' ,'''You might call me a tech intermediary. I know how to talk to the people in Silicon Valley and then take that information and explain it to everyone else.''' ,'''Number one, you can sell before you buy. I call it reverse e-commerce. You take a picture, you list it for sale, you sell it, you collect the revenue, then you go buy it and send it to the customer.''' ,'''The Internet produces new business models and also reinvents traditional business models.''' ,'''Relevance is a search engine's holy grail. People want results that are closely connected to their queries.''' ,'''Domain names and websites are Internet real estate.''' ,'''Everyone knows what search engines are. But relatively few know how to use them effectively.''' ,'''Not long ago, the term 'business model' was not exactly on the tip of everyone's tongue. Then, in the early to mid-1990s, 'business model' became a catchphrase that described how a company makes money or saves money.''' ,'''Over many generations, fortunes in the business world were made through buying and selling products in physical stores. Internet fortunes have been made buying and selling products online.''' ,'''In direct navigation, users type exactly what they are looking for in the browser's web address field. This could be the exact domain name or web address. Millions of people do this, emphasizing the need for on- and off-line marketing and branding.''' ,'''Search engine marketing and search engine optimization are critically important to online businesses. You can spend every penny you have on a website, but it will all be for nothing if nobody knows your site is there.''' ,'''Whenever one or more components of a company's business model changes, new business models are created for supporting companies. The changes might involve niches served, new marketing angles or improved value propositions.''' ,'''There's chaos out there, and chaos means opportunity.''' ,'''Corporations invest in sophisticated CRM, or Customer Relationship Management, programs to effectively oversee their relationship with their customers at every point during the buying process.''' ,'''Traditional local media are adding local search capabilities to their sites so they can share in the local search traffic and ad revenues in the local markets they serve.''' ,'''Internet marketing entrepreneurs have truly opened my eyes to just how important a quick turnaround time can be. Often times, an interview they conduct with me today is online by the next morning. The interviewee is then able to start making money less than 24 hours after the initial interview.''' ,'''Vertical search engines that match your business, service or products with a target market offer you a higher conversion rate than traditional search engines. Because they have already qualified their interest by coming to a search engine with a specific focus, searchers will be more receptive to targeted advertising.''' ,'''I have 5 teenage daughters, and I learned the hard way - it's difficult to talk to any person under the age of 25 without the presence of a cell phone.''' ,'''Opportunities present themselves every day - to everyone. You just have to be alert and ready to act.''' ,'''There are hundreds of ways to make money using the Internet.''' ,'''The number of small businesses in the United States totals about 25 million. Because most of these have a local trading territory, relatively few advertise online. Online advertising reaches the masses of the Internet world, whether they are local or not.''' ,'''I ended up buying business.com for $150,000 because I wanted to make it a magazine. It would have been a 'Time'-type magazine: how to do business on the Internet. And I was offered a lot of money for that domain. I played two buyers against each other.''' ,'''Online business models are still evolving. New and different products and services pop up every day. This gives rise to supporting products and services. A business can make substantial profit by helping others execute their plans for making money.''' ,'''Many people bypass search engines altogether and still find what they're looking for online. These Internet surfers are using direct navigation.''' ,'''Traditional horizontal search engines cannot always identify the target audience, niche or vertical industry of a page or site. Vertical search engines address this issue by the nature of their design. They identify sites according to more specific criteria and sometimes even by human input.''' ,'''The purpose of driving traffic to your online business is to get customers. Once a prospect lands on your site, you still have to convert that prospect into a buyer.''' ,'''Internet entrepreneurs are using technology at every level of their company - from a one-person agency to a small firm, the newest technological advances are interwoven throughout every aspect of Internet-based businesses.''' ,'''Good website practice and optimizing for conversion usually makes for good search engine optimization. These work together to ensure you drive quality traffic and can persuade that traffic to help you meet your business goals.''' ,]
+++