+++
author = "Natalie Martinez"
title = "Natalie Martinez Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Natalie Martinez Quotes"
keywords = "natalie martinez,natalie martinez quotes,natalie martinez quote,natalie martinez sayings,natalie martinez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wanted to deliver babies and become a midwife. I think childbirth is one of the most amazing things you could ever experience, and I loved working with people and seeing the joys in family when they welcome a new member to it. It really brought me joy to be around that.''' ,'''I make a bomb vaca frita. It's like a flank steak like with the ropa vieja, but it's fried with garlic and lime. And I make a really good picadillo.''' ,'''I think the last game console I had was Super Nintendo. I remember once I played the Sega Genesis. But Super Nintendo was my last game device. I played outside more. I liked kickball and baseball.''' ,'''I have to represent. I feel proud to have a culture that's different... and proud to be a Latina. We're not all categorized as one type of person... there's people from everywhere doing different things who have different types of cultures. Being Latina for me is also being a strong woman.''' ,'''My favorite car is a '69 Barracuda.''' ,'''I usually get all my stress and anger out at the gym. But when I get out, I'm kind of a pleasant person - really.''' ,'''The thing with Stephen King is that everyone dies, and everyone comes back to life. So you never know with his mind where things go. It's the same with Steven Spielberg, too.''' ,'''I love boxing, MMA, and hiking with my dog. I work out 3 times a week, and on my off days, I do yoga to keep my body relaxed and to stretch.''' ,'''I do eat what I want. I love meat - I'm Cuban: I grew up eating meat, platanos, and arroz con pollo. I don't believe in starving yourself, but sometimes I do cleanses and diets to prepare for a role. I choose a lot of greens, proteins, and fats, and I like to be really active.''' ,'''You're going to a bunch of auditions, and most of the time you're just getting denied, but just staying in there and keeping my head and being determined helped. Growing is what's challenging; you have to constantly practice your craft.''' ,'''Cubanas are very strong women. So don't mess with us - don't take us for granted!''' ,'''I like cars. I know some things. I can change my own car and battery and change my own oil.''' ,'''I love meat - I'm Cuban; I grew up eating meat, platanos, and arroz con pollo. I don't believe in starving yourself, but sometimes I do cleanses and diets to prepare for a role.''' ,'''I was a huge 'Street Fighter' fan, and I actually still am. The only game I really was good at was 'Street Fighter.'''' ,''''Dance Dance Revolution.' That's a lot of fun when you're having a dinner party and you just want to be a little silly.''' ,'''Being Latina for me is also being a strong woman.''' ,'''My family lives in Miami, and I always envision myself, if something happens, it'd be like 'The Day After Tomorrow' where I walk across country to find my family. That would be the kind of person I would be. I feel like I wouldn't be as scared. If it happens, it happens. You face it.''' ,'''I like to play 'Battleship,' and I also like 'Wordle' on iPhone. These are good things to play while you're on set. 'Words with Friends' is also great.''' ,]
+++