+++
author = "Brian Littrell"
title = "Brian Littrell Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Brian Littrell Quotes"
keywords = "brian littrell,brian littrell quotes,brian littrell quote,brian littrell sayings,brian littrell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I bought my wife Leighanne a silver BMW Z8 sports car one Christmas and tied it up with a big red bow in the driveway of our house.''' ,'''A lot of people gave up on us, but we kept kicking and making music.''' ,'''I was the first BSB dad. I was the first one to join the club.''' ,'''Marriage can be work, it can be difficult, it can be hard, but I think working through those times makes you stronger as a couple and as a unit.''' ,'''I've received a lot of positive feedback from both the secular and Christian markets. People seem to be receiving it with open arms and hearts, and are interested in the stories I want to share about my relationship with God and my faith.''' ,'''I just think that the God I serve is compassionate and loving and is forgiving.''' ,'''Backstreet Boys, we don't stop. We just keep going.''' ,'''I think it would be cool to maybe do something with Ed Sheeran. That would be awesome and interesting. He writes amazing songs, and I could easily hear Backstreet Boys sing 'Shape Of You.'''' ,'''I keep everything that is most important to me close to me: my family, my bible, my X-Box - just kidding.''' ,'''I'll always be a Backstreet Boy.''' ,'''This is America! We're the greatest nation on the planet, so just love each other, man.''' ,'''I overthink decisions when I should really trust my heart.''' ,'''Some of the best advice I got from a close friend is marriage is always looked at from the world as 50/50 as to working together to make that 100 percent.''' ,'''I would hope somebody out there will still want to hear a Backstreet Boys song when I'm 50-something.''' ,'''I've been diagnosed with what's called vocal tension dysphonia. The muscles around my vocal chords kind of constrict my vocal chords from doing what they should do. It's kinda like being a body builder and you have muscles that are so large that they don't allow you to have flexibility, if that makes sense.''' ,'''I daydream about Backstreet Boys accepting a Grammy one day.''' ,'''Doctors are not always right, but they are there to help.''' ,'''I really believe that's one of the many reasons that God had put me right in the middle of the Backstreet Boys. There are so many stars today that don't realize the impact they have on young people. Being a superstar is great, as long as you can be a positive role model.''' ,'''Fans want real songs, they want real experiences, and they want real instruments.''' ,'''God has allowed me through the BSB to minister in a positive way, encouraging people to stand up for what they believe.''' ,'''I know who I am as a person, as a father, and as a husband.''' ,'''Backstreet has been around a long time. Normally, groups like us have a shelf life of two to four years. We always wanted to have a long stay in the music world.''' ,'''A lot of people talk about the one-and-done attitude of college athletes, but if you look at the University of Kentucky, we do build winners.''' ,'''When you look at every government, they're our elected officials, and you have to have some form of respect for them.''' ,'''I've always talked about my faith and my relationship with God, through my 'thank yous' on the records and giving the glory where I feel the glory is due.''' ,'''I love to do things for people rather than have them do things for me.''' ,'''I grew up singing in church as a little boy.''' ,'''I was born with a heart murmur. When I was 21, the stress of the career and traveling - the lack of sleep and just not eating right - had taken its toll. Our schedules had been pretty crazy for about three years, and there was no rest at all. So in order to continue on and, you know, have a life, I had to fix it.''' ,'''If I did not have my wife, I wouldn't be married, I wouldn't have the life that I have and I wouldn't have my wonderful baby boy who's not a baby anymore - he's going to be eight-years-old.''' ,'''I live in Atlanta, Georgia, and none of the other Backstreet Boys live in Georgia. So a lot of times, when people come to my house they're like, 'Hey, is A.J. here?' Or, 'Is Kevin here?' Or, 'Is Nick in the bathroom?' People think we live together and we spend all the time in the world together, but we really don't.''' ,''''I Want It That Way' is a feelgood song. It's happy, easy to sing along with, and everybody knows it.''' ,'''I've known for a very long time that making music for the church has been my calling.''' ,'''When we're in the studio, and we sing that first note on that record, you're committing to being a Backstreet Boy!''' ,]
+++