+++
author = "Sharon Needles"
title = "Sharon Needles Quotes"
quotes_len = "97"
description = "the best 97 Sharon Needles Quotes"
keywords = "sharon needles,sharon needles quotes,sharon needles quote,sharon needles sayings,sharon needles saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Not all drag queens but certainly the ones who empowered me, are people who pushed buttons, and poked fun at society from Leigh Bowery, to Lady Bunny and Divine.''' ,'''A man in a dress can get away with a lot.''' ,'''Drag culture has always been about excess.''' ,'''If you were to come in to my house, I have archived every fan letter I've ever been given, boxes and boxes and boxes and boxes of them.''' ,'''Drag can be considered so many dangerous things, which it isn't. But the one thing we're never called is misogynist, which might be the only thing that we truly are. Because no woman looks like this. You have so many real biological everyday women say: 'Oh I wish I would look like you.' They would look ridiculous if they looked like us.''' ,'''I did drag out of necessity. I had to do it... I had to create this other character because - because she's cheaper than therapy.''' ,'''The secret to a great Halloween costume, and I can't stress this enough, is in my opinion is to extract sexuality out of your costume.''' ,'''Sometimes when I'm working with RuPaul, I can't even look at her without feeling so emotional about the process I went through, and what was before the competition and what happened in my life after, and what it's done to millions of gay disenfranchised freaky kids.''' ,'''Any younger person - let's say if you're over the age of 30, Pride is a great excuse to go day-drinking. But no one forgets their first Pride and how much they felt that they were included and that the future was bright.''' ,'''When your hobby becomes a full-time job that pays you and the people around you, it's not fun anymore.''' ,'''The great thing about being a woman is the power of reinvention.''' ,'''I love celebrities, and I love the concept of fame, but it took me getting fame to realize that it doesn't exist, which was kind of a bummer. Fame is great if you're not famous, because it seems like this elusive impossible dream world. And it's not. It's a fancy word that managers and producers make up so they can keep hawking you for more money.''' ,'''Once you are in full Sharon Needles mode, you don't feel fear, you don't feel physical pain, and you also don't feel your own moral filter any longer.''' ,'''I come from what we call the pre-'Drag Race' drag world where I didn't start doing this with aspirations of being a reality television star, or this going any further than the small smoky bars of Pittsburgh.''' ,'''Sharon Needles is definitely Pittsburgh - always rough around the edges, a little ignorant, a little uneducated. And she's dead. And Pittsburgh is, after all, the zombie capital of the world, a little financially lower class, and just all-around a gritty, rough city.''' ,'''I think that the attraction to camp is its irreverence, it's strange, it in no way reflects reality while using real characters.''' ,'''A lot of people call horror movies 'campy,' and I can certainly see why they think that they are, but being a product of the 80s, I didn't notice that they were campy - I came from a campy generation. I mean, Ronald Reagan is campy. But I don't think they're campy.''' ,'''In the past, when I lacked designer duds, I simply relied on my hot glue gun.''' ,'''I found my first picture of Amanda Lepore online in fashion magazines. It was the most beautiful thing that I had ever seen in my life. I thought nothing could trump the perfection of that photograph.''' ,'''A drag queen on time is not a drag queen.''' ,'''Love is the one thing everyone is looking for, and death is the one thing everyone's running from.''' ,'''Call Me On The Ouija Board' is homage not just to horror movies involving children, but my favorites as a child.''' ,'''When I wrote 'PG-13,' I had just won 'RuPaul's Drag Race,' all my nightmares had come true, and I was a brat. I was a privileged brat overnight.''' ,'''After I went on 'Drag Race,' I was allowed to do so many things. I was allowed to do theater, commercial work, television work, modeling, fashion design, and it was great. But the thing with reality television fame is that it's got a pretty quick expiration date.''' ,'''When in doubt, freak 'em out.''' ,'''I love Halloween. I mean, yes, I consider every day to be Halloween, but it's a very special day for me.''' ,'''Most American adults know what a drag queen is, but as they're portrayed in films like 'Dressed to Kill' and 'Silence of the Lambs.'''' ,'''If anyone boos you offstage, that is simply applause from ghosts.''' ,'''I'm the sort of person who wants to wear a wedding dress to a wedding.''' ,'''I'm kind of against car culture - I've always been a cyclist.''' ,'''Gay people in general, I think, like telling secrets because we have to hide a huge secret for the first half of our lives. Why would we want to keep any more?''' ,'''It's a pleasure to join the ranks of Debbie Rochon, Linnea Quigley, and Heather Langenkamp as one of America's most recognizable Scream Queens!''' ,'''I was raised on GG Allen, Divine, Elvira and Marilyn Manson. I was always more interested in those button pushing, transgressive artists and they made a lot of good money doing it.''' ,'''My brain is a great fashion designer. Unfortunately, I don't have the skills to do it.''' ,'''I don't care how many times I play 'Angry Birds.' When you have the world's cares on your shoulders and you fling those little birds at those rotten pigs, then the whole world just melts away.''' ,'''I find doppelgangers terrifying... can you imagine two of me?! Now that's scary!''' ,'''My house is a mixture of mid-century 'Brady Bunch' and the Addams family, so it's not uncommon to find vials of blood in my house.''' ,'''Sharon Needles was based on two things: That she was beautiful and that she was stupid.''' ,'''Some people say, 'Oh you're a weird queen. You're a punk queen.' All queens are weird! I don't care if you're in a sickening gown or dressed as an octopus. You are treating every day as if it were Halloween. You are donning a character and a persona that isn't real.''' ,'''I was such a bizarre conundrum of everything that makes you worry about a child. I was a bad student. I got picked on a lot. I loved horror movies.''' ,'''Dead things should be buried and not eaten.''' ,'''I love what news has become. It's no longer based on facts, it's based on entertainment.''' ,'''Beneath the 30 pounds of makeup and corsets and gowns are real beating hearts of real people and they usually come from a place of pain.''' ,'''I represent a kind of underground, punk side of drag.''' ,'''Most drag queens dress up as super women, as an over exaggeration of the female form, because we like women, usually powerful women. I think that's why we are so over exaggerated; we are an amplification of the women who empowered us in our youth.''' ,'''I've always said that punk is a time and money thing. You can only be punk if you're poor and you're young. It's for the poor, it's for the young.''' ,'''I'm kind of a hokey-jokey, campy idiot in black lipstick, but when it comes to my music, I take it very seriously.''' ,'''Two people live within me. One's a very savvy businessperson; the other's a party girl.''' ,'''It has always been my aim to live everyday like Halloween by celebrating individuality and creative freedom within a world of horror.''' ,'''I like money but I love performance art and it goes hand in hand. I'm not the 'Titanic,' I'm 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show.' I'm not a blockbuster, I'm a cult classic. I think my strong but cult-like fanbase expects me to challenge norms.''' ,'''Drag really isn't just about exaggerating and celebrating femininity. Some drag queens want to look like monsters, some drag queens want to look like hot dogs. Really what it is is just dipping your toes in all the swimming pools of identity and allowing yourself. Because society really tries to compartmentalize humans in a certain way.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with media and news. I could watch it all day.''' ,'''I could talk about myself for hours!''' ,'''I don't socialize in drag anymore. If I'm in drag, I'm usually onstage or in the dressing room or in a car service.''' ,'''It seems I am more beloved on a reality show from an extended cable network than I am in social circles in my own city.''' ,'''I never hate my bullies from high school. I actually kind of appreciate them. If it wasn't for that boot camp training of how the world treats gay people and especially drag queens, I don't know if I would have survived as well as I have.''' ,'''A Scream Queen is a beautiful, bad actress who's really good at screaming, but it also represents standing up for equality and anti-bullying for LGBT youth.''' ,'''Love is a universal, attractive element. And other than death, love is the one thing that binds all of humanity.''' ,'''Campy films almost create real-life cartoons.''' ,'''The most powerful woman I know is my mother, and she doesn't wear any make up at all.''' ,'''I can't speak for all queens, but Sharon Needles is definitely a different entity from me as Aaron Coady.''' ,'''I've always toyed around with creating over-the-top lady characters in my head.''' ,'''Discrimination must always be drawn out, like venom from the wound.''' ,'''I like work that pushes the barrier of bad taste.''' ,'''Well I grew up in a small town in Iowa and there weren't a lot of imaginative and fun outlets for kids of my caliber, so pretty much my mom's closet and any large pieces of fabric in the Halloween box were my favorite toys.''' ,'''In the entertainment industry women are often judged. They judge bigger women, they judge black women, and older women too. We just don't do that in drag. Drag is open to everyone, regardless of gender, body shape or age.''' ,'''I wrote my first album almost as an entitled child. 'Taxidermy' is written by a much more precarious, untrusting adult.''' ,'''My concept is drag queens are not a reflection of society, they are a fun house reflection of society where we bend, and twist and manipulate the anxieties we all feel.''' ,'''Jason Voorhees was a kid who was picked on at summer camp, and Michael Myers was someone vilified by his own family. I think that's why gay people like horror movies, because it's seeking revenge on the privileged.''' ,'''I remember when I wore UFO raver jeans in the 90s. Or my JNCOs! I miss my JNCOs.''' ,'''Love is a universal thing that everyone understands. Love, like death, is the only thing that binds humanity.''' ,'''I love covers because there's just something I love about replicating someone else's music or taking rare music and introducing it to a wider or a new audience.''' ,'''It seems like no one has friends in New York, they just have collaborators or co-workers.''' ,'''Not to be rude to my sisters, but I don't listen to drag music. I listen to everything from punk to Italo disco to Appalachian country music, but I don't know what their records sound like. I hardly listen to my own records. I'm like Cher!''' ,'''Everyone loves puppets.''' ,'''I went into 'RuPaul's Drag Race' saying, 'I'll never cry.' Because they make fun of every queen that cries on the show. And I did cry, and I did scream, and I did have doubt, and I did have great, victorious moments.''' ,'''I can't speak for everyone, but the kind of comedy that makes me laugh are the ones that kind of make me cringe, and kind of make me look inside my own fears, my own anxieties.''' ,'''I love taxidermy. I collect taxidermy. I'm fascinated by the art of taxidermy. But on a more artistic level, I look at taxidermy as pulling something from the wild and taming it, and posing it in a style of your own personal pleasure that will last forever, and ever, and ever.''' ,'''RuPaul's Drag Race' is my favorite show on television, and I've never missed an episode. With season 4, I watched it as if Sharon Needles wasn't me but was just another character.''' ,'''I was really into the bimbo archetype that filled late 80s-early 90s TV when I was growing up. You know, women circling the want ads with nail polish, Rhonda Shear from 'U.S.A. Up All Night,' Peggy Bundy.''' ,'''Sometimes I'm not even really quite sure why I do what I do - do I do it because I like to show that I'm an educated person to exploit these certain things artistically and, in my opinion, in a very smart way - or am I just a punk rock brat that likes pushing people's buttons and relishing in the negative reaction? I can't tell.''' ,'''It's like, 'Oh, great, drag queens can excel!' - but then the ceiling is so low. You're only allowed on the first floor; you're not allowed to go play with the big boys upstairs. Even RuPaul, who's a massive success, has been limited to where her music career can take her.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with celebrities and fame. I always will be.''' ,'''The thing about fame is, you want it your whole life, but no matter how bright you are, no one ever asks themselves why they want fame. You never really know what it is until you have it. You can never tangibly feel your own fame.''' ,'''I come from regional, small-city drag, where if you won Miss Des Moines, Iowa, and you did something bad, or you were being a role model, your crown was taken away.''' ,'''Before my time on 'RuPaul's Drag Race,' Halloween was my favorite day of the year since I was a little kid. It's the day we worship the macabre and live vicariously through the costumes that we wear.''' ,'''It sounds odd, but it's almost hard to find a piece of negative press about myself.''' ,'''When most kids were hiding their eyes or cowering under the covers, I was three inches away from the television when horror movies were played.''' ,'''PG-13' is kind of a scattered, almost movie soundtrack album, with elements of punk and metal and electronica.''' ,'''Drag queens don't work well outside. We're designed for spotlights, not sunlight.''' ,'''Monster Mash' is one of those great, throwback Halloween songs.''' ,'''My mom let me play in her clothes, wear makeup, and I had high heels from a thrift store. My mom tells me that the only reason she let me dress in her clothes is because she couldn't afford any toys, and it seemed entertaining enough and kept her from having to buy me anything, 'cause everything I wanted was in her makeup box or wardrobe.''' ,'''I've always loved Salem, and I love the title of Scream Queen.''' ,'''Growing up in Iowa I could have had it a lot worse. My family was more worried about my education and my health than the fact that I wore my sister's dresses.''' ,'''Politics remind me a lot of 'RuPaul's Drag Race.' It's real but it isn't.''' ,'''I think the reason people are propping up drag queens is because it's popular with the fans that identify with them, so we're great for marketing. We're not allowed to be the Christmas tree, we're just allowed to be the decorations, and I still think we're looked at as clowns by a majority of the society.''' ,'''On 'PG-13,' the way I wrote that is that I would get my tracks ahead of time and then I would write for them, and I wrote fairly quickly.''' ,]
+++