+++
author = "Jeremy Bulloch"
title = "Jeremy Bulloch Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Jeremy Bulloch Quotes"
keywords = "jeremy bulloch,jeremy bulloch quotes,jeremy bulloch quote,jeremy bulloch sayings,jeremy bulloch saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love doing this day, and George was exactly as he's always been, very calm and very gentle, and if I'm in the final cut in the summer theater, I'll be thrilled. If I'm not, well that's the way things go.''' ,'''No, Jar Jar Binks was fine by me but probably went on a little bit too long. When they were in trouble and were battling, it should have been more serious and it became a bit too silly.''' ,'''It's nice because working in England I'm know for working in television and theater when you get a chance to come out, it is quite fun to be out from behind the mask. You need to let people know who you are.''' ,'''Since the new film has been out, I'm doing quite a lot but then in July I will start doing things at home. I have to fix the house up, see the grandchildren and such.''' ,'''I think The Empire Strikes Back had everything.''' ,'''All conventions are very enjoyable. The more variety you do, the better.''' ,'''I have also just finished three weeks on a soap opera in England. The soap opera is a rather famous one called Crossroads. It was first on television 25 years ago, and it has recently been brought back. I play the part of a businessman called David Wheeler.''' ,'''I have agreed to lend my voice to Nature's Guard, an animated series which hopefully will go into production in the near future. The characters are all animals. My voice will be for a character named Longtail.''' ,'''My favorite pudding is good old English apple pie.''' ,'''I hope to continue working in film, television and theatre.''' ,'''I get offered a lot of science fiction work and there is a new project in the pipeline called Master Race, set in World War II, but that's a little way off yet.''' ,'''I'm not a singer, and I'm not a brilliant dancer.''' ,'''Other projects later this year, but I think it's going to be a very very busy year this year with Star Wars and the re-release, so I'm sort of running about going backwards and forwards to America, Japan, Mexico. So there will be a lot of things to do.''' ,'''Some people come up and say they would like me to play Boba Fett again.''' ,'''Then there's going to be another project I am involved with, in fact, I'm going back to film it next week. It's a game for the Internet called Advance Warriors, and my character is Max, who is blind, but he has special powers. It will be a new game played on the Internet.''' ,'''I always believe that most people could do it. I mean obviously I didn't just sit and stand. I used to love cradling the gun and just posing with the hand cocked ready to fire the gun, and the costume helped a great deal.''' ,'''I've enjoyed it, I have seen it once at the premiere in London and it was very nice to be invited there. But I do want to see it again now. I want to sit and watch it as a fan rather than being there at the premiere with all the lights and such.''' ,'''Many years ago I was in another soap opera called The Newcomers which was on twice a week for three years. I really don't think I could do another stint like that again.''' ,]
+++