+++
author = "Ben Nelson"
title = "Ben Nelson Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Ben Nelson Quotes"
keywords = "ben nelson,ben nelson quotes,ben nelson quote,ben nelson sayings,ben nelson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We cannot erase what has been done. We can apologize for it. We can express our outrage. We can say to the American people and to the people of the world, this is not our way and we do not condone it, but we cannot change it and we cannot erase it.''' ,'''What does it mean to be an American? While each of us may have our own specific answer to that question, we likely can agree on the basic principles of America: freedom, equal opportunity, and rights accompanied by responsibilities.''' ,'''We can take full comfort in realizing the continuing strength of our nation. America's lands remain radiantly rich with diversity, and freedom still reigns.''' ,'''If we cannot agree, then at least we ought to move on.''' ,'''Any time the president talks, you listen.''' ,'''A democratic and stable Iraq and Afghanistan are essential to our broader efforts to make no place safe for terrorists and to win the War on Terrorism.''' ,'''For many Americans, including many who are employed, going to the doctor when they fall ill or become injured may not be an option because of the absence of health insurance.''' ,'''When George Washington was elected president, there was no national vote.''' ,'''Anytime the president visits Nebraska its good for Nebraska.''' ,'''I look at ANWR (Artic National Wildlife Refuge) as a poison pill in the energy bill.''' ,'''Amending the U.S. Constitution, the document most sacred to those who love freedom and liberty, is a delicate endeavor and should be done only on the basis of the most clear and convincing evidence that a proposed amendment is necessary.''' ,'''When it comes to making decisions, I will come down on the side of Nebraska every time. If I have to choose between the White House and the farmhouse, I choose the farmhouse.''' ,'''The security of our nation depends on the men and women who are willing to sacrifice their safety, and possibly their lives, to protect the freedoms the rest of us enjoy.''' ,'''I'm not averse to helping Wall Street when it helps Main Street.''' ,'''I certainly want campaign finance reform. I just wish this would do it in a way that would stand up to a constitutional challenge.''' ,'''Let me be clear. I support the definition of marriage as a union between a man and a woman.''' ,]
+++