+++
author = "Terry Bradshaw"
title = "Terry Bradshaw Quotes"
quotes_len = "97"
description = "the best 97 Terry Bradshaw Quotes"
keywords = "terry bradshaw,terry bradshaw quotes,terry bradshaw quote,terry bradshaw sayings,terry bradshaw saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wasn't that close to any of my teammates. I didn't find anyone to become a best friend. We don't stay in touch. They're all over the country, but I do not want to stay in touch.''' ,'''I'm just in an unfortunate business where if you ask me a question I have to answer it honestly and if I don't answer it truthfully then I'm not respected.''' ,'''I'm against people reading statements. When you read statement, I automatically take it as though you can't talk, and it's not real.''' ,'''I enjoy my public speaking. That's what I love doing. It's what I'm good at.''' ,'''I have been playing football since I was 7.''' ,'''I know this golf tournament has my name on it but it's not about me. It's about the Louisiana Tech family. There is nothing greater than being a part of the Bulldog family.''' ,'''I'm a big card guy. I play Rook, Liverpool Rummy - love that. I play Pac-Man, shoot pool.''' ,'''When I played for the Steelers and I got my bell rung, I'd take smelling salts and go right back out there.''' ,'''I've been bashed my whole career.''' ,'''People respect you more if you just play and blow something out than if you take the easier road. That's how we think. You get more respect and people play harder for you. Just play till you blow it. Just play till it goes.''' ,'''The fear for a network is the viewer gets tired of you. Not that you lost any credibility, but they get tired of you.''' ,'''You can't dodge them all. I got hammered plenty of times through the years. But you just get up and keep playing. I can tell you from experience, though. Sometimes it hurts like hell.''' ,'''Football is an awesome sport, but it's also a violent sport, and that's why all of us love it. We know what we checked in for, and at seven years of age, that's what I wanted to do with my life, and I didn't care that I got hurt.''' ,'''Bottom line is, if you turn the ball over to a team that isn't as good, you then have brought them up to your level.''' ,'''I would start with the most important thing a quarterback has to be: poised. If you panic in that pocket, you are no good. I don't care what else is there; you have to be poised.''' ,'''I just like to catch fish, I don't care if it weighs half a pound or 10 pounds. But I can't do a lot of casting. I can work a jig or a worm. But not for long, especially if the big ones are biting. Those big bass will make it hurt after a while.''' ,'''Everybody handles things differently.''' ,'''Depression is a physical illness.''' ,'''People ask me all the time would I like to still be playing? No. I'm glad I played when I played.''' ,'''I don't like confrontation.''' ,'''What does that mean - you're religious? Everybody is religious.''' ,'''I was not used to criticism.''' ,'''Bad attitudes will ruin your team.''' ,'''I got a family I got to answer to. I got kids... my older parents and my preachers and everybody.''' ,'''Washington, D.C., is one of my favorite cities.''' ,'''When I started as a color man in the booth with CBS, I would make footballs out of a roll of toilet paper.''' ,'''When Brian told me he grew up in New Mexico, I told him I thought it is cool that people from other countries play football. He corrected me on my geography and agreed to sit down with me anyway.''' ,'''I don't have hair anymore. I've shrunk. I'm barely 6 feet 2 inches. I just had my teeth fixed because I'm a grinder.''' ,'''I can't run anymore. That's the one thing I loved doing. And I can't play golf hardly at all because of wrist and back pain.''' ,'''I have always felt like a fish in water with football, Fox, speeches, riding horses, and raising cattle.''' ,'''I don't really care about being accepted now. I wish I had been like that earlier.''' ,'''I may be dumb, but I'm not stupid.''' ,'''Forget politics and what their platforms were and everything, because you can take whoever you want to take, but the guy that I liked was Nixon... He was a smart man.''' ,'''I really started to forget things. That's why I quit reciting statistics: because I couldn't remember them exactly, and I stayed away from mentioning some players by name because I really wasn't sure, and I didn't want to make a mistake.''' ,'''The First Amendment rights, everybody has them.''' ,'''I'm taking memory power boost tablets to help me every day and doing the puzzles to help me stay focused.''' ,'''I really don't care that I'm ranked.''' ,'''When I was labeled stupid, that scarred me forever.''' ,'''You find out in life that people really like you funny. So what do you give 'em? Humor. And then if you show them the other side, they don't like you as much. I find, too, that I can hide behind the idiot's mask being funny, and you never see the sorrow or the pain.''' ,'''I have more of an identity with Cowher than I do Tomlin. I knew Cowher when he came over from Kansas City as a defensive coordinator, and his teams were tough. Tomlin came in from Minnesota, and I didn't know anything about him. So maybe it's unfair for me to make the comparison.''' ,'''I've never had a problem with people expressing themselves. It's one thing great about our country.''' ,'''All my football injuries now have arthritis in them.''' ,'''If I could reach down in my heart, I would say I'm sorry for every unkind word and thought I ever had.''' ,'''I am a Christian guy. I've struggled with that; I have struggled with everything.''' ,'''There's a company that wants to put hair on me! I don't know if it's plugs, I'm sure it is. I laughed and said, 'You gotta be kidding.'''' ,'''I am a man that loves the flag.''' ,'''For an athlete, there's no time off... until it's over.''' ,'''I decided to write a book primarily because people talked me into it.''' ,'''I'm always happy-go-lucky, and people look at me and find it shocking that I could be depressed.''' ,'''It's obvious that my brain isn't what it used to be.''' ,'''The memory loss made me jittery at times.''' ,'''I lose stuff. I forget stuff. I walk into rooms and go, 'Why am I in here? What did I come in here for?' Is that normal? I'm 65. I don't know.''' ,'''You don't know how many times I was in the huddle, asking my teammates to help me call a play.''' ,'''I'm not ashamed of who I am.''' ,'''That's one of the problems as a Christian, is that we have to deal with our failures and the shame of it all.''' ,'''I know how much my late center Mike Webster suffered. I can only imagine what a lot of defensive players from my era are going through.''' ,'''I'm not a one-liner guy. I'm a story guy.''' ,'''You have to understand, now, I'm a momma's boy. I'm from the south. My way of being raised is totally different than the big city life. I truly was a country boy.''' ,'''I love the national anthem.''' ,'''I don't want to hurt anybody.''' ,'''I could not bounce back from my divorce - emotionally - I just could not bounce back.''' ,'''All great empires die from within.''' ,'''I know me, and I know my heart. I know what the Lord expects. I know what a Christian's supposed to act like, but you can't act it.''' ,'''I miss my coach. I love my coach. I miss Chuck Noll.''' ,'''I was thinking, mothers show their love for their sons so much greater than dads do.''' ,'''If you play in the NFL and start for 10 years, it's not good. It is not good.''' ,'''Why would anyone want to read what I have to say?''' ,'''I am not much on down-time. I'm ADHD, and I gotta be moving.''' ,'''What's the worst thing that can happen to a quarterback? He loses his confidence.''' ,'''Most athletes, we're the good ol' boys, part of the good-ol'-boy fraternity, and we take care of our brothers, and we cover up the bad habit and the bad play.''' ,'''I'm learning how to prevent my brain from getting worse than it is after suffering a career worth of concussions playing football.''' ,'''The only thing I care about is my family.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of being fired, and I'm gonna speak my mind.''' ,'''I've always took care of myself.''' ,'''I was frustrated I couldn't remember stuff, and I got real upset. It was driving me nuts.''' ,'''I got tested to see what condition my brain is in. And it's not in real good shape.''' ,'''If I moved back, my mother would love for me to move in because she absolutely loves her boys. 12 boys. She showers all of us. Would be no problem. She would love to have us back in the house.''' ,'''As a player, it says everything about you if you made the Hall of Fame. But, then again, boy... there's something about winning a Super Bowl.''' ,'''I found out that superstars Winkler and William Shatner are real people, and I was so thankful for that.''' ,'''I didn't respond well to a firm hand and insults.''' ,'''I just see too many people retire and say, 'I'm going to take off, travel, spend time with my family' and they are just miserable. They end up dying. People who work and stay active, and like what they are doing, live longer.''' ,'''Just everything that I've done, everything that I do, is to this day, all major decisions are all through prayer - all my actions, although a sinner, but you know what? I'm cool with that.''' ,'''Going out to play a game in front of 100,000 spectators doesn't worry me. Nothing to it.''' ,'''The best thing you can say about any coach is his players play hard for him.''' ,'''I'm on national TV in front of millions and I hate making mistakes.''' ,'''I did an album called 'I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry.' I sang the song on 'Hee Haw.'''' ,'''I would not put Dak Prescott on the bench. I would leave him as the starter, and I wouldn't have a problem with that at all.''' ,'''When you're clinically depressed the serotonin in your brain is out of balance and probably always will be out of balance. So I take medication to get that proper balance back. I'll probably have to be on it the rest of my life.''' ,'''We can't talk about Jesus. We can't mention that anymore.''' ,'''You've got to stand up and do your own battles. My daddy taught me that a long time ago, that you fight your own battles. The only way to shut everybody up is to win.''' ,'''After three failed marriages, I know what it's like to be replaced. So that's kind of how Joey Harrington must feel today... A former No. 1 choice looks to me like he's going to be a bust in Detroit.''' ,'''It was driving me crazy that I couldn't remember something that I studied the night before. All it did was trigger my anxiety, and all of sudden everything would snowball on me.''' ,'''Any team can win.''' ,'''Lawsuits make you care. I think the PR makes you care. But personally, when I got out in 1983, do I think they cared about me? No.''' ,'''You can't live in the past.''' ,'''You can't have 'yes' people around you.''' ,'''All you got to do is look around. This country's getting worse and worse and more and more immoral, and we're rotting from within.''' ,]
+++