+++
author = "Pete Waterman"
title = "Pete Waterman Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Pete Waterman Quotes"
keywords = "pete waterman,pete waterman quotes,pete waterman quote,pete waterman sayings,pete waterman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Reality TV finds talented people. There are no scripts. The editing is what it's all about. Great editing makes those shows.''' ,'''If you're rude for television's sake, it ain't reality TV.''' ,'''Past is past.''' ,'''I think that's where reality TV works - you don't know where it's going.''' ,'''I think Robbie Williams is an utter and complete prat. His last record was a pile of rubbish.''' ,'''Spin Me Round was number one all over the world, everywhere. It changed the face of pop music, no question. We took technology further than Trevor Horn.''' ,'''I laughed, even if I was the butt of the joke.''' ,'''Reality TV is here, it's been here really since the Carol Levis Discovery Show in 1957. It's never changed. It just looks a bit different.''' ,'''There's a certain edge about cruelty. If you're honest about it, most people wince, but say it had to be said.''' ,'''I thought if Oasis could get away with sounding like The Beatles, I could get away with sounding like Abba.''' ,'''Everybody likes a roller coaster ride.''' ,'''Everything I touch turns to gold.''' ,'''The public are not stupid.''' ,'''Certainly in the modern age where everything is glossed over, when somebody speaks their mind, the majority of the public go, I'd love to have said that.''' ,'''I'm not going to say that every record I've put out was the greatest record in history, but I'd stand by even the bad ones. Don't make excuses, make hits.''' ,'''I was very cheap - that's the way I'd always worked.''' ,'''I don't mind losing, but I don't like losing to cheats.''' ,'''Give the public what they want. What you want is unimportant.''' ,'''It is dishonest the way that people suddenly think they've found guitars, and wear their guitar as a badge.''' ,]
+++