+++
author = "Bria Vinaite"
title = "Bria Vinaite Quotes"
quotes_len = "57"
description = "the best 57 Bria Vinaite Quotes"
keywords = "bria vinaite,bria vinaite quotes,bria vinaite quote,bria vinaite sayings,bria vinaite saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I definitely need to learn how to take compliments, because it was very weird to go from sitting in my house all of the time to having hundreds of people coming up to me and congratulating me and telling me I did a good job.''' ,'''For me, if I didn't have reading I'd go absolutely crazy. It really helps me to unplug from the whole world, and keep my sanity, and be able to fill my time with something other than technology.''' ,'''I love lace because it can be really feminine, sexy, or dark. There are so many ways to wear it, no matter what your style.''' ,'''I didn't really go to school much, and I went out a lot. At 16, that's not something you should be doing.''' ,'''I'm really hoping to find something that I feel as connected with as I did with 'The Florida Project.' I want to feel that passionate about things that I work on. I don't want to just act to act.''' ,'''I really love Neutrogena's acne mask. It's cleared up my skin on a bunch of occasions.''' ,'''I have a plant called Roger Franklin and he is really special. I'm not trying to sound weird, but he has a lot of personality and I talk to him every day. It's the first plant I've kept alive for longer than a week and I'm very proud of that. I try every day to make sure that he's happy.''' ,'''I'm not a spiritual person, but I really believe in the power of the mind and I really believe in manifesting things.''' ,'''It's kind of almost not fair that certain people don't get the opportunities that others get just because of where they are born or where they were brought up.''' ,'''I definitely want to explore all different types of characters.''' ,'''My earliest memory of freedom was when I was about 14 and I stopped caring what people thought about me! I was so free and in charge! That whole year I was exploring myself, and I was so 'free' that I got sent away to boarding school.''' ,'''I never counted how many tattoos I have, but I started getting them at a really young age, so most of my big ones are cover-ups.''' ,'''I've struggled with skin issues my whole life.''' ,'''I can't help but be thankful, and really appreciate everything I have been through, good and bad, because it got me here!''' ,'''I would love to work with Pendleton Ward who created 'Adventure Time,' and I'm dying to work with Ryan Murphy. I'm obsessed with 'American Horror Story' and everything he does.''' ,'''I would say I read around 50 books a year, sometimes more.''' ,'''There's not enough opportunity, and I feel like you can't control where you're born or where you're brought up.''' ,'''It's nice to stand out and not have to conform to all the beauty standards that just don't even make sense anymore.''' ,'''I want to do comedy, I want to do horror, I want to do all these other things.''' ,'''We all judge people.''' ,'''I buy a lot of random books, and it's really hard to immediately fall asleep if I've been staring at a screen, so reading and trying to put my phone away maybe an hour before I go to sleep are two of my go-to strategies before bed.''' ,'''Every single insane psychotic thing that I've ever believed that seems unfeasible to other people, I've made it happen.''' ,'''I pay my rent and my bills and I buy food and toys for my dog and that's it.''' ,'''OK, so, my favourite actress in the world is Sarah Paulson. I think she is so talented and I admire her so much, I have always said from the beginning she is someone who just really has perfected the craft. She could play anybody and be believable.''' ,'''There are so many things we don't know about because they don't get spoken about, and people might be embarrassed to speak up or might be shamed into not speaking up.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with candles.''' ,'''I want to have the number one animated show in the world.''' ,'''I really like Clinique's Moisture Surge Hydrating stuff. It's a super concentrated moisturizer. It's pink and comes in a tube.''' ,'''I am obsessed with LaCroix, and I drink so much of it.''' ,'''I've gone days without sleeping.''' ,'''People assume that I'm this trashy motel girl, and that those are the only roles I can play, but I really take it seriously, and I know that I can do more.''' ,'''I've been really picky about the sort of characters that I want to represent.''' ,'''Yellow is my favorite summer color - it makes me feel like a sunflower.''' ,'''I just feel like my life changed in so many ways, and I'm just taking it all in.''' ,'''That's what this country is. It's made up of immigrants.''' ,'''I think any time I'm nervous I just pretend that I'm not, and that's how I deal with it.''' ,'''I feel like I'm not a traditional person.''' ,'''I feel like my story just proves how important not only social media is, but how important it is to be your authentic self. Because when you're really truly your authentic self, the right people will find you. And when they find you, it will be for exactly who you are.''' ,'''I really hope that the traditional sort of girl that people view as an actress changes. There's room for everyone, you know? All of us bring different things to the table. It's nice to show people that you don't have to be one type of personality to do this.''' ,'''I don't want to be in an office. That's not my thing.''' ,'''It's really nice to have hobbies that don't involve any sort of technology.''' ,'''Some people don't necessarily have family helping them or anyone, even friends, that care enough to help.''' ,'''I put my phone on 'do not disturb' a lot.''' ,'''People should have affordable places to live. That's a fundamental right.''' ,'''I mean, I did a play when I was in eighth grade, but who hasn't?''' ,'''So many people want to have this typical look and this typical everything and it's all the same everywhere.''' ,'''You don't need to do things in the typical way to get a beautiful result.''' ,'''I have direction, but I was very particular about the things that I wanted to do, and I refused to get just like, a regular job.''' ,'''I feel like it's easy to get lost in your own world and get distracted, and sometimes seeing things from different perspectives helps you appreciate your life a little bit more.''' ,'''I would never post something making fun of depression or mental health, or picking at people.''' ,'''Yes, I'm the crazy person who totally travels with candles.''' ,'''I feel like I want people to... I guess not be as judgemental of situations because they might not know the full story. Just to try to be nice about other people's struggles and be understanding and not judge people based on their circumstances.''' ,'''I'm not religious, but I feel like there has to be a higher power up there.''' ,'''Every day I have this crazy schedule that happened overnight - it's a lot to process.''' ,'''I get a lot of really nice messages from girls who are like, 'You make me wanna be myself because people accept it.'''' ,'''Something is wrong with me - no matter how late I go to sleep, I still wake up really early.''' ,'''Nike SF Air Force Ones are hands down my absolute favorite sneakers.''' ,]
+++