+++
author = "Elizabeth Mitchell"
title = "Elizabeth Mitchell Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Elizabeth Mitchell Quotes"
keywords = "elizabeth mitchell,elizabeth mitchell quotes,elizabeth mitchell quote,elizabeth mitchell sayings,elizabeth mitchell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You've gotta go for it, and go for it with gusto.''' ,'''I am very benign-looking. I'm somewhat like a golden retriever: It's not hard to look at me. I'm perfectly fine. It's not like things jut out and make you nervous. But the lovely thing about being so pale and having such pasty features is that I can look like pretty much anything, which is nice.''' ,'''I know it's so 'in' to be blase, but that's not going to get you anywhere.''' ,'''Acting is so exciting to me. It's a thrill; otherwise I wouldn't do it. Not to be hokey, but I think life is definitely worth living, whether you're working or not. For an actor, the character is the thing... it doesn't matter what medium you're in. as long as you have something to do.''' ,'''I've always been incredibly crazy about the fact that I'd have any fans at all. It says to me that the characters that I choose are interesting to people and that's thrilling to me. It really is.''' ,'''If you try to stay young forever, you don't really live.''' ,'''People feel good about doing things with you if you're enthusiastic.''' ,'''I normally eat everything under the sun, but once a year, for a whole month, I eat nothing but fruits, vegetables, nuts, and lean fish, and I feel great!''' ,'''I did theater for 15 years, and I spent a lot of time as an understudy.''' ,'''I was a complete, total nerd... I loved the idea that the underdog wins more often than not. And I don't know if that happens in life. But I want it to.''' ,'''I'm not big on lying. I don't like that at all.''' ,'''You have what is right in front of you. You survive and you have your family. That's the whole world.''' ,'''I will overlook bad behavior if I know that people's intentions are good. I have this belief that people really can do good things and that people want to be good.''' ,]
+++