+++
author = "Shriya Pilgaonkar"
title = "Shriya Pilgaonkar Quotes"
quotes_len = "61"
description = "the best 61 Shriya Pilgaonkar Quotes"
keywords = "shriya pilgaonkar,shriya pilgaonkar quotes,shriya pilgaonkar quote,shriya pilgaonkar sayings,shriya pilgaonkar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to do exciting work. For the same reason, I was fine working in Marathi, Hindi or French films for that matter.''' ,'''Mirzapur's female characters are very strong, liberated women. Infact, the boys are leaning on us and we are contributing to the plot in a very strong manner.''' ,'''I think what's nice is that people don't look down upon TV anymore.''' ,'''Since I am a big foodie, trying out different places to eat is the most exciting part of my travels.''' ,'''It's always fun when you pick up a skill for a particular character.''' ,'''I still remember the first time I was on stage. It was for a short play, 'Dilnaz and the Chocolate Cake.' And the only reason why I did it was because we used to rehearse with real chocolate cake.''' ,'''I have always been fascinated by Indian history and architecture.''' ,'''Every element contributes to building a character and I'm especially fascinated when it comes to recreating period looks.''' ,'''I have shot for a political satire by Anubhav Sinha called 'Abhi Toh Party Shuru Hui Hai.'''' ,'''The British series I was part of, 'Beecham House,' directed by Gurinder Chadha, was set in 1795. That was also an incredible experience, just to see the kind of research that goes into recreating that time period.''' ,'''I know how it feels to be helpless and it is the biggest fear one can experience.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to spoon feed filmmakers to let them know 'I am capable of this.'''' ,'''For me, it has always been a dream to 'travel to work' and 'work to travel.'''' ,'''The great thing about 'Mirzapur' is that no one character is clear black or white, every character is working in a grey shade.''' ,'''I never think in terms of better or worse, I believe there are many ways to get to where you want to be.''' ,'''I feel, we actors are out there a lot, and people are hell bent on trying to create perceptions of our lives. We tend to influence people through our lifestyles or mannerisms. It is important that we be honest about our emotions.''' ,'''I would really want to work with Shah Rukh Khan again.''' ,'''I couldn't be happier starting 2019 with this film 'Haathi Mere Saathi.' It's the first time that I am doing a trilingual film which I'm excited about. It will be my Tamil and Telugu debut.''' ,'''Some basic things I have picked up from Dad is how to interpret my character correctly, use the camera to my advantage and how not to hurry up with work.''' ,'''I was in the eighth standard and was selected as part of my school to meet Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam.''' ,'''Mom is really my closest friend and has been there at every stage. She is the adventurous kinds and made me travel by train alone when I was just five.''' ,'''I have always had a performers instinct since I was a child.''' ,'''When I do web shows, I want to do something that is good and different.''' ,'''I have always loved languages, I have studied basic French and Japanese too.''' ,'''So yes, I would absolutely love to explore more films from the south as and when the opportunities present themselves.''' ,'''Earlier, only youngsters were trying their hands on digital platforms, TV was a different thing for actors and film actors were looked up as superior. Now, nothing of that sort exists anymore... So, I will be doing everything.''' ,'''On stage I'm slightly nervous than when I'm in front of camera. Because when on the stage, the mind can't waiver but at the same time, the energy to be on the stage makes me feel alive.''' ,'''If I come across a good project, I will surely take it up.''' ,'''The love and respect that my parents have gained through their body of work is unmatchable. My goal is not to surpass their stardom or anybody's stardom for that matter, but to create an identity of my own.''' ,'''Though the contemporary shows are good, I prefer sitcoms like my father's.''' ,'''I am not at all in a rush to make a career that only lasts for a short span of time.''' ,'''If and when I am offered a strong script, I would be happy to do TV.''' ,'''Audiences are open to experimentation these days - that's a boon for me.''' ,'''Because I am the daughter of Sachin and Supriya Pilgaonkar, people have expectations fixed on me as I gear up to carry the family legacy.''' ,'''In my latest 'Mirzapur,' I had no pressure actually to match up the level of other people in terms of performance because all of our characters were well-written. So there was no sense of insecurity.''' ,'''Internal Affairs' is my first full-length play.''' ,'''I will definitely direct feature films one day.''' ,'''I have been a part of four different genres - a political satire, gangster drama, thriller and period drama.''' ,'''Shah Rukh Khan is amazing.''' ,'''In spite of my parents being actors, I never took acting as a profession for granted and still don't.''' ,'''Obviously, there are advantages when your parents and you share the same profession. I can always go to them for advice but my struggle and hard work will always be mine.''' ,'''For me, what matters is the script, content and the quality of the role.''' ,'''The most important thing is to be steady and consistent.''' ,'''When I got to know I will be starring opposite Shah Rukh, I was speechless.''' ,'''I fear that one day I am going to look older than my parents. I am so worried about that.''' ,'''My instinct and gut guide me very strongly.''' ,'''I would want to create something new instead of following others.''' ,'''For me, films are my priority for sure and web has its own fun.''' ,'''A movie like 'La La Land' would be just great. I just cant get over this musical love story. I loved Emma Stone and wish to do a role like that in future.''' ,'''I look at a film as just a film; language doesn't really matter. I just don't want to limit myself to a particular language, genre or medium.''' ,'''My criteria for choosing a film are first the story and the team that I'm working with.''' ,'''I am extremely fortunate to have such talented people as my parents. I will always turn to them for advice. But I am my own person and have my independent views.''' ,'''I want to be part of projects where I can showcase my growth as an actor.''' ,'''People think that I'm not interested in doing Marathi films, but that's not true. Marathi cinema is very close to my heart.''' ,'''A lot of people can relate to the feeling of JOMO - Joy of Missing Out.''' ,'''For me, the focus will always be to show my versatility. And sometimes you need to spoon-feed people to show them what you are capable of.''' ,'''Not too many people know that I sing.''' ,'''I feel proud that I am doing my first film with my father.''' ,'''We need to realise that not everyone can take the path to overnight success. Take actors such as Rajkummar Rao and Vicky Kaushal - they have built their work and profile over the years to get to where they are.''' ,'''I am not very strategic by nature.''' ,'''I am a Kathak dancer, and have got an advanced diploma in it.''' ,]
+++