+++
author = "Huda Kattan"
title = "Huda Kattan Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Huda Kattan Quotes"
keywords = "huda kattan,huda kattan quotes,huda kattan quote,huda kattan sayings,huda kattan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I'm asking people to spend money on Huda Beauty products, I have to genuinely believe we have created the best.''' ,'''For the longest time, I just felt like I had to be really, really harsh to be taken seriously as a CEO.''' ,'''In Dubai, people respect you if you wear lashes to the grocery store. I've been at the gym at 5 in the morning and seen full glam, which, I think working out with your full makeup is just crazy.''' ,'''I can understand getting compared to the Kardashians.''' ,'''I was born in Oklahoma.''' ,'''I've worn pretty much every hat in the beauty industry, from blogger to makeup artist to YouTube influencer to Instagram influencer to journalist.''' ,'''My makeup will stay on from morning until late and people are always like, 'How? What do you do?' It comes down to - and I know this is going to sound so bad - but really layering lots of makeup properly. That's the key if you're partying, working, or a mom or whatever - this is foolproof.''' ,'''Women just never think their lips are big enough, even when they are really big. The first thing I always hear from women when they sit down with me is, 'I need to fill my lips.' It's almost crazy how many women say that to me.''' ,'''I have had my fair share of nights out.''' ,'''Being from the Middle East paired with my upbringing in the United States had pretty polarising effects on the way I perceive beauty.''' ,'''I like things on my desk that are pretty and make a statement. It's important that whatever is on my desk inspires me because that's where I spend a lot of my time working and creating things.''' ,'''Going to school and formal education wasn't all that impactful to me, but it was the people that I met at school that really made such a difference.''' ,'''This is how I feel about cosmetic procedures and plastic surgery. If people want to do it for themselves - it's fine. If people want to do it for the outside world, that's when it's not necessarily a healthy thing.''' ,'''Every once in a while I need a break from Instagram; like six hours long.''' ,'''I basically shop in my sleep!''' ,'''I've always been obsessed with beauty, but never realized I could actually make a career out of it.''' ,'''What can I say? I'm a Southern girl.''' ,'''The more focused you are, the more powerful you will be in the long run.''' ,'''I feel the same way about makeup that I do about food - I don't want the big companies to give me my food. I want the niche mom and pops who care about their food making it. I don't want the Kraft cheese, I want the niche cheese.''' ,'''When you think you've made it, you need to keep pushing because the person next to you or your competitor is also getting better, and you need to be able to stay ahead.''' ,'''I have to buy three of everything. It doesn't make any sense, but I have to. I'm worried I might lose it, and if I lose it, then I have a backup and then I have a backup to my backup.''' ,'''I definitely understand a lot of what I want and what I don't want. I'm very clear on that, and I think that's been very beneficial.''' ,'''It's hard being in the public eye.''' ,'''My husband and I love the saying, success is not owned. It's rented, and rent is due every single day, and I really and truly believe that.''' ,'''You need to constantly out-do yourself and constantly improve yourself.''' ,'''Although we represent this almost drag-like beauty at Huda Beauty, I'm not only this person who is made up and always likes to wear their hair flawless and their makeup flawless.''' ,'''I spend the majority of my time in the office and I usually wear a casual bandage dress and flip-flops or slippers.''' ,'''I'm hairy.''' ,'''I grew up in Tennessee, where no one was really hairy, and with sisters who were so beautiful - my little sister was a pageant girl. But me, I was this weird-looking hairy child. I had more than just a unibrow; I feel like I had a mustache, a goatee.''' ,'''Makeup and beauty is essentially art so I really can't say that I dislike any trend. I love seeing innovation and creativity. It feeds my soul!''' ,'''As a kid, I never felt attractive at all.''' ,'''I would die to do Meghan Markle's makeup.''' ,'''Being a Middle Eastern girl in America with a name no one could pronounce was not easy, so I turned to make-up and cosmetics as a way to deal with my insecurities, thus creating my long-term relationship with beauty.''' ,'''I don't think I knew what 'Vogue' was as a child. I grew up in a little town in Tennessee, so that wasn't something we ever would think of.''' ,'''The thing that helped me most when I started my own business was my experience as the president and PR director of student associations in college. Because of that I knew how to create and run an organization and how to really make things - even hard things - happen.''' ,'''I would never buy skin care from a makeup brand - full transparency. It feels like the opposite of makeup.''' ,'''To scale your business, you need to delegate responsibilities to others and establish a strong company culture.''' ,'''I've had cystic acne; I've had it all.''' ,'''We think big and we dream big.''' ,'''As long as I can be physically healthy, I don't mind being curvy.''' ,'''That was honestly one of the biggest learnings for us: to stay true to the value we believe our company offers, and to not allow people to undercut us just because we're women.''' ,'''I have the worst skin ever. If I don't take care of it religiously, I break out every single time without fail.''' ,'''I felt like I was not a cute kid, and I remember seeing people transform. It was actually when my sister was in the beauty pageants and I was in some pageants. I didn't win any. I always got that like, participant trophy, but I fell in love with the way makeup could transform people.''' ,'''I love a full face of contour, lashes, lip liner - everything!''' ,'''We know now data is so powerful, and you can learn so much about yourself and creating product with data.''' ,'''I fell in love with Instagram.''' ,'''Being happy, being healthy, is the most important thing.''' ,'''I need to love what I do, because I'm going to give 110 percent. I'm going to be working from 6 in the morning until 10 P.M., so I need to make sure I like it.''' ,'''We are more than one part of ourselves.''' ,'''Personally I've always given people make-up advice and talked about beauty products because that's what I'm passionate about.''' ,'''Long-lasting makeup is all in the setting! I always bake in areas where I am prone to shininess and I find it really helps for keeping my skin looking great all evening.''' ,'''I want to shake things up, I want people to talk about it. It's really important that our brand flips the industry upside.''' ,'''There's something sexy about a lip with a hint of red in it.''' ,'''I've been put in multiple boxes as blogging and as an influencer and not really perceived as a businesswoman, and that's something that I've really had to grow into.''' ,'''One of my favorite drugstore brands is NYX.''' ,'''I always felt different and it was because I was Middle Eastern. Where most people were very fair, light-skinned, and had blue eyes, I was hairy with dark hair and dark skin.''' ,'''I can't promote makeup on Instagram if I don't believe in the product.''' ,'''A lot of people don't always know how successful our brand is and we don't ever talk about it. But it's exciting to see the brand resonate so well with people.''' ,'''I feel like I've mixed my Middle Eastern and Western loves together.''' ,'''I grew up in Tennessee. I loved to wear full glam. I used to want to wear flash lashes every single day. I remember wearing them once and someone was like, 'Are you wearing false lashes?' I felt embarrassed. In the U.S., it's perceived as though you're trying too hard.''' ,'''I'm so in love with Chanel's perfume bottles. I grew up seeing my mom use Chanel No. 5, so it's quite sentimental to me.''' ,'''Our goal at Huda Beauty is to inspire anyone and everyone to create their own idea of beautiful with all of the products we offer.''' ,'''I'm either full-glam or no makeup at all.''' ,'''I try to take breaks from makeup on the weekends. I try to not to wear any on Fridays and Saturdays. It's good to let your skin breathe and it's good not to depend on makeup, to feel comfortable in our skin.''' ,'''I always felt like a misfit.''' ,'''The Dior Show Maximizer, the lash plumper, is one of my favorite products that I've used for so long.''' ,'''I get Botox and fillers; I don't think there's anything wrong with it.''' ,'''Over the years, I've really put in the time to achieve flawless skin.''' ,'''It's really important that we take away the shame associated with female hair loss and hair balding. It's just another beauty issue that we all can get through as soon as we start to feel more comfortable talking about it.''' ,'''A lot of beauty brands, they'll really infiltrate the States. But going out of the States, they struggle.''' ,'''I think a lot of people overthink things.''' ,'''Huda Beauty is doing so well, we've grown like crazy.''' ,'''I like to think limitlessly, and you can't be limitless if you're constantly looking at best practices.''' ,'''I'm not on my phone when I eat.''' ,'''I wake up at 6 A.M. and start with yoga. I'm by no means a morning person, but I've trained myself to become one. My husband wakes up at 4:30 A.M., so he makes me feel like a loser. When you wake up and no one is in the bed, it kind of gets you up.''' ,'''The power of cosmetics and the effect they can have on one's happiness and confidence is very real.''' ,'''This transition of being a woman and a breadwinner - it took some time for my dad to get used that. It took some time for my husband. I was like, gosh, I've worked so hard to be here, and then all of a sudden I don't know if I feel comfortable being here.''' ,'''Product development is emotional for me! It's really important as a brand that we feel that our products are going to be life-changing for everyone who buys them. We won't ever launch something we don't feel strongly about.''' ,'''I really don't like monkeys.''' ,'''I drink bullet coffee, and I make it myself because I hate coffee. I get a shot of raw coffee, mix it with butter from grass-fed cows and coconut milk. It's amazing!''' ,'''Fun gets people going; fun gets people excited.''' ,'''I can spend a minimum of $4,000 a month on makeup.''' ,'''I love red laser therapy or red light therapy and you can do it at your home and it's really convenient. Kim Kardashian used it to get rid of her psoriasis and I've been using it for years.''' ,'''I love seeing people being more daring with their makeup.''' ,'''I ended up moving to Dubai and going into finance after college because of family pressure. I was trying to love it, but I just didn't.''' ,'''What's getting me excited is a lot of times Huda Beauty is that brand that people get when they are just starting with makeup and I hope we can get them to start being more artistic and more experimental.''' ,'''Kids used to tell me I was weird all the time. When I got older, I wanted to embrace my name and I put it on everything. And I also wanted to embrace being weird.''' ,'''In the Middle East, I can't walk down the street without being recognized. In the States, I'm totally fine going out.''' ,'''This sounds really weird, but I feel like God has given me so many beauty dilemmas so I can help people.''' ,'''Anytime I think about my office, I think about creativity.''' ,'''I'm a Sephora girl.''' ,'''To start my makeup, I like to put a nice amount of foundation on, and it's really important that it's not oily so it actually sticks to the skin.''' ,'''The eyes are so telling. That's how you engage with people and bond with them. I love direct, strong eye contact.''' ,'''Being women behind a massively growing business is not an easy task, and the journey to find the right investors and to secure true partners has proven that.''' ,'''The minute you decide to do what you love to do, you have made a life plan for yourself and a career choice.''' ,'''I realized that my purpose really is to inspire people.''' ,'''With Huda Beauty Angels, we're investing a portion of our personal family wealth to women-led brands that we believe in!''' ,'''I think my story relates. When I started out, all I had was my passion and grit.''' ,'''We didn't grow up superwealthy.''' ,'''Sometimes, you really need to trust your gut.''' ,]
+++