+++
author = "Guy Lafleur"
title = "Guy Lafleur Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Guy Lafleur Quotes"
keywords = "guy lafleur,guy lafleur quotes,guy lafleur quote,guy lafleur sayings,guy lafleur saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was working on the farm to get in shape, about a mile away from my parents. You know, I did everything as a kid to stay in shape - jogging, work on the farm, driving the tractor. I'll never forget.''' ,'''I realized that my family was more important to me than downtown night life.''' ,'''I was a right-winger, but I was all over the ice.''' ,'''That's the key to win a lot of games: you have to pull the wagon together, and everybody has to give 100 per cent, and that's how you're going to win games.''' ,'''I would compare that to when I first started with the Montreal Canadiens; it was a big family then, where the guys really stuck together and worked like a unit. But when I came back in '88, it was not like that anymore.''' ,'''My night is over only when there are no more photos to take and nothing left to sign.''' ,'''Hockey is not a one-man show; it's a team effort. If you don't work as a team - even if one or two guys aren't working - you're not going to win. That's the way it is.''' ,'''It's nice to see the young ones 7, 8, 9 years old. It seems like they know you through their parents.''' ,'''I always liked speed.''' ,'''When I was on the ice, I felt like a free man. With flying, it's the same thing. When I'm flying by myself on an afternoon, I feel free.''' ,'''When you win in Montreal, it's the best place in the world to play hockey.''' ,'''It's nice to go to small places where we had a lot of fans. They followed our career and it's kind of a way to say thank you to them and do it for a good cause.''' ,'''I was not the best student. Thank God I had a lot of hockey talent.''' ,'''I would like to write my biography sometime. I love to write. I could write for weeks and weeks, maybe say nothing but just for the writing.''' ,'''I hated school.''' ,'''Being drafted by the Montreal Canadiens, that was the greatest moment in my career. And stealing the Stanley Cup in 1978 and bringing it back to my hometown of Thurso.''' ,'''I love the game. I want to see creativity. I want to see great goals. I want 'Wow!'''' ,'''Play every game as if it is your last one.''' ,'''The crowd doesn't give a crap as long as you bring the money in.''' ,'''The day you hear someone call me captain will be the day I buy a boat.''' ,'''The players wanted more money, higher salary caps and they didn't have that family relationship we felt with the players. Mentally, the players were more businesslike.''' ,'''I was lucky enough to have a hockey career in the NHL.''' ,'''The only time I'm relaxing is when I have the puck and controlling the puck. If I don't have it, I'm getting anxious, and I want to have it.''' ,'''I hate golf.''' ,'''Most of life is sad.''' ,'''It was my dream playing for the Montreal Canadiens - it was my dad's team.''' ,'''No matter what happens to us in life, we must get back on our feet and continue on the path.''' ,'''Go ahead, work hard and never be afraid to try something. Even if you don't make it, at least you can say you tried.''' ,'''I went out almost every night with the guys on the team between 1975 and 1981. We were winning in those years. It was fun.''' ,'''Anyway, I've never been captain in 16 years in the NHL. But that didn't stop me being a leader in my own way.''' ,'''In the NHL, 95 percent of success is confidence.''' ,'''I really love my family and kid, but first of all, it's my hockey, my career. My family is second, and my fans go third. Sometimes my fans go second, and my family is third. It's turning all the time.''' ,'''I was impressed all my life. Because of the Montreal Canadiens' past, it means a lot because it was a team I cherished as a kid. It was my dream playing for the Montreal Canadiens - it was my dad's team.''' ,'''Well, it's always nice to know the fans didn't forget what you did when you played in the NHL.''' ,'''You can't replace a guy like Jean Beliveau.''' ,'''A lot of the players are not involved with any NHL team, so to play and travel around with the Oldtimers' it's a kind of gift that the players really appreciate.''' ,'''That's why I made a comeback in 1988. I knew there were chances of not making it, but I didn't want to end up at sixty years old and say I should have tried when I was thirty-eight.''' ,'''I didn't go to the 12th grade... I stopped at 11.''' ,'''I've been playing hockey since I was five years old. It's a part of my life.''' ,'''I think it was always there and it was maybe a matter of bringing it out. It was harder than I thought it would be and I had to try harder. I had to regain my confidence, maybe the most important thing. I have learned a lot to relax. I know what I can do now, and I do it.''' ,'''When trouble comes, it's your family that supports you.''' ,'''You do not play hockey for good seasons. You play to win the Stanley Cup. It has to be the objective.''' ,'''After 13 years, I couldn't accept to be number two.''' ,'''A captain shouldn't be chosen on the amount of goals he's going to score.''' ,'''People say that I must get bothered when someone stops me for an autograph or a photo. I'll get bothered when no one asks me. Being asked means people haven't forgotten the time I played.''' ,]
+++