+++
author = "Kelly Osbourne"
title = "Kelly Osbourne Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Kelly Osbourne Quotes"
keywords = "kelly osbourne,kelly osbourne quotes,kelly osbourne quote,kelly osbourne sayings,kelly osbourne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've done a lot of growing up since the age of 16 and I really wanted that to be reflected in my music.''' ,'''I think my mum has the foulest mouth of anyone I've ever met.''' ,'''It's so easy for me to fall back into depression. I think it comes with having money. I don't have to work. I could be sitting bored and depressed at home with a bag on my head.''' ,'''They say you should never eat before you go to bed, but I've found just having a tiny little snack - like half an apple or something like that - before you go to sleep really helps.''' ,'''I never thought in a million years I'd be that healthy girl who wakes up every morning to exercise. After being called 'cherubic and chubby,' I'm rocking a bikini!''' ,'''A trick I've learned is to eat just a little bit of something that has no carbs and no sugar in it before you go to sleep because it keeps your metabolism going.''' ,'''I didn't know that anything was wrong with me until the media got involved in my life.''' ,'''I hate the word gothic but I would like to try doing something like that. A gothic sound, not rock, but gothic. There's a difference.''' ,'''I can't lie, I did a lot of really, really stupid things, and it was because it was my way of crying for help.''' ,'''Women are so unforgiving of themselves. We don't recognize our own beauty because we're too busy comparing ourselves to other people.''' ,'''Even now I don't consider myself skinny, but I have put a lot of hard work into my body over the years, and in the process, I've really learned to love myself.''' ,'''I say find one true friend to help you get through the tough times.''' ,'''I guess I have friends around me but when you're paying them can they ever really be true friends?''' ,'''I call myself a FFP: former fat person, and when you're an FFP, you will always see in yourself what people used to bully you for.''' ,'''To fill the shoes of rock 'n' roll, because of the family I have, is a really hard thing.''' ,'''They are the only people in the world who I can truly trust and rely on. Touring gets really lonely. I guess I have friends around me but when you're paying them can they ever really be true friends?''' ,'''Sometimes it's other people's voices you have to shut out.''' ,'''To wake up in England and have the newspaper on your front door with a headline that says, 'Ozzie's Beach Whale of a Daughter,' doesn't really do much for your self-esteem at all.''' ,'''I just think you would never kill and cut up a human to wear so why do it to animals? I just think it's horrible, I would never wear fur, although I guess if it was a really vintage piece you might just get away with it.''' ,'''It's funny that all these goths paint their faces with such white make-up and that is the actual colour of my skin, I am that pale!''' ,'''I was dating this guy and we would spend all day text messaging each other. And he thought that he could tell that he liked me more because he actually spelt the word 'YOU' and I just put the letter 'U'.''' ,'''I've completely changed the way I eat since doing 'Dancing With The Stars.'''' ,'''My girlfriends and I just started doing plyometrics. It's a killer - it hurts so much. But when you walk out of there, you're like, 'I can't believe I just did that and my body looks this good.'''' ,'''I feel good in my own skin because I've accepted the fact that I'm me. That's what's so great about being alive and being on this planet: Everybody's different.''' ,'''I go on the Internet and look at old pictures of myself, because it is the best reminder of how far I have come and where I do not want to be.''' ,'''Oh that's very English, that's probably why. They just go 'LOL' in America.''' ,'''I'm an emotional eater. When I get upset, my diet goes out the window.''' ,'''Pilates is amazing, my posture is so much better and I'm even starting to get muscles on my tummy - it's incredible.''' ,'''Touring gets really lonely.''' ,'''I was called fat and ugly in the press almost my entire life. I understand that being judged by others comes with the territory, but it broke my heart and ruined my self-esteem.''' ,'''I don't really like wearing bikinis. And if you don't either, don't make yourself.''' ,'''I'd be the best mum ever. I would. I've got great training from my mum.''' ,]
+++