+++
author = "Bridget Marquardt"
title = "Bridget Marquardt Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Bridget Marquardt Quotes"
keywords = "bridget marquardt,bridget marquardt quotes,bridget marquardt quote,bridget marquardt sayings,bridget marquardt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Trapeze is a great workout. It got me in the best shape in my life.''' ,'''I say, 'Is it really worth the calories?' If it is, I eat it. If not, I refrain.''' ,'''I started out with a quest for wanting to be in the magazine, and I discovered Hef and how wonderful he is. When he asked me out, I couldn't resist.''' ,'''My goal is to be hosting my own show and be happily married with children, so I've been thinking about that a lot lately.''' ,'''I would love to have a girl. But I kind of want one of each.''' ,'''When I was 34, I went and had my eggs harvested. Looking back, I was like, 'It was easy,' but it wasn't that easy. It's a lot of medication, a lot of hormones. You have to inject yourself in the stomach and I'm so terrified of needles! It was a difficult thing for me to do.''' ,'''I want to do my own line of Halloween costumes.''' ,'''You want someone you can sit with in sweats, plus go out with. You want them to have a lot of best friend qualities, but you want to make sure that you have the spice and passion that you wouldn't have with your best friend. You want the relationship to be one step beyond that.''' ,'''I don't feel that clock ticking. I'm not really worried about it. At the same time I would like to have kids someday, but I'm not one of those people who's dying to have kids.''' ,'''I was still in touch with Hef - and then we kind of lost contact.''' ,'''I was 34 years old, and I knew that I wanted a possibility of having a family one day, but I wasn't dating anyone obviously because I'm living at the mansion. But I just wanted to make sure I had the possibility, so I froze my eggs back then and that was my insurance policy for later on in life.''' ,'''Amsterdam. It is so cute and quaint. I rode bicycles around the city and through the tiny little streets, rented a paddleboat and had a picnic lunch on the canals.''' ,'''Nick made me give away my Hello Kitty TV, my Hello Kitty microwave and my Hello Kitty toaster. I got to keep the Hello Kitty cordless phone.''' ,'''Holly came out with a book and she gave her experience. This is what I told Kendra, 'She's writing about her experience and this is how she's reflecting on it and she has a right to do that. And you have a right not to agree with her, but lashing out like this and saying such vile things and stuff isn't really the way to handle it either.'''' ,'''I see a lot of ugly rings on people and I think, eew, I wouldn't want that. Some of them are so gaudy with so many different diamonds on them. I'd want something very clean.''' ,'''You should see my Pinterest board. I think I have, like, 400 pins on just, like, the wedding folder.''' ,'''I have Playboy pillows, sheets, towels, barware.''' ,'''Hugh is very charismatic, he has a magnetic appeal. He's very gentlemanly - he'll always open the door for the girls and is always showering us with gifts.''' ,'''I'm more girly but I also wanted to pull off the vintage, Hollywood glamour slightly circus style.''' ,'''I haven't done much traveling in my life at all - if you're seeing these places for the first time, so am I. So I decided not to pretend. I'm not this know-it-all host walking around claiming to know everything.''' ,'''The Yucatan Peninsula is really worth the trip. The water is stunning and the beaches are true-white sand.''' ,'''Dubrovnik is still a thriving, bustling city with modern day shops, restaurants and bars yet still has the old city charm of street vendors, performers and women hanging laundry outside the windows.''' ,'''If there's a partnership in doing a dangerous thing, there's a real sense of bonding. Plus, the feeling of freedom is sexy.''' ,'''Holly and Hef were obviously the main relationship. We weren't allowed to date or anything like that.''' ,'''I've heard Goa is amazing, I've heard so much about it.''' ,'''As far as I know, I'm not going to the jungle anytime soon. Unless it's one of those shows where you don't know you're going to be on it and they just kidnap you for one night.''' ,'''And New Year's Eve is a romantic time to get married. It's a romantic holiday. A good way to start off the new year.''' ,'''I'm sure the hard-core feminist will say we're trapped, but I think viewers see how empowered we are.''' ,'''We're very independent women with our own ideas and our own career expectations.''' ,'''I'm going to be homeless, I'm a gypsy.''' ,'''That's what my wardrobe room looks like. It's all costumes and props. It's ridiculous.''' ,'''In Cancun, they put me up on a trapeze bar and I was carried across the ceiling over 2,000 people.''' ,'''Hef and I have a really special relationship. I care about him very much.''' ,'''I don't have any furniture.''' ,'''People ask me, 'Do you think Hef is still at the mansion?' and I say, 'Absolutely.' I just feel like he is.''' ,'''Traveling to Negril and staying at either The Caves or the Rock House is a must. They both have amazing views and your bungalow is on its very own terrace looking out to sea.''' ,'''It's definitely a different mix of people than we see in Hollywood. That's what makes the Derby unique.''' ,'''I don't regret my time there at all. I wasn't the main girlfriend in the relationship. Hef and Holly were the ones talking about possible marriage and having kids, and I knew I was never going to do that kind of thing with Hef.''' ,'''I've had a few health issues since I left the Mansion and so fertility has come up as a big issue for me.''' ,'''I'm the disciplinarian. Nick doesn't discipline. The cat can do whatever it wants. It can scratch on the furniture. It can do whatever it wants and Nick doesn't do anything about it. So I have to yell. I'm the bad cop. He's the good cop.''' ,'''I've never had my own house before. We ended up with a Tuscan-style house.''' ,'''I thought I could do Barbie's hair and makeup better than the factory did. So I would get out my markers and scissors and play 'beauty salon' with them. Then I would be devastated because I ruined them!''' ,'''I married my best friend when I was 23, but when I realized I wanted to move to L.A. to follow my dreams, we separated and eventually divorced.''' ,'''I don't have a love for spiders.''' ,'''It's hard to stay looking good in the heat, but my suggestions would be powder, drinks, wading in the pool and you can't forget a snow outfit.''' ,'''I'm just not home enough to find a place to live!''' ,'''I've heard that people want to marry their best friends. I think that should be partially true.''' ,'''We decided to go ahead and thaw my eggs that I had retrieved at the mansion, and none of them survived the thaw. That was pretty devastating for me because all this time I though I had an amazing insurance policy, and it didn't work out.''' ,'''But I've always wanted to host my own show. And imagine being offered a chance to travel to the most spectacular beaches in the world, as part of work!''' ,'''But there's one thing I can't stress enough; having travelled so much, I know how polluted most of these places have become. Everywhere we went, locals would tell us how different it was, just a few years ago. For instance, most of Morocco's shorefronts are completely swamped in plastic.''' ,]
+++