+++
author = "Joey Santiago"
title = "Joey Santiago Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Joey Santiago Quotes"
keywords = "joey santiago,joey santiago quotes,joey santiago quote,joey santiago sayings,joey santiago saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Where I live, there's a lot of canyons. We're climbing constantly - we're like mountain goats. I'm just trying to get better at that.''' ,'''I have to say, I have an affinity for Bossanova. It's very warm-sounding to me - lush and simple. I like that.''' ,'''I screw up on the delay settings, so pretty much everything is manually done by me - I don't have those presets like the Edge has.''' ,'''I've just been reading about cycling. Yeah, I'm not that great at it but I like the challenge of it.''' ,'''Just trying to be different - when I hear something - I don't like to go trampling on other people's sounds.''' ,'''Here is my theory on this one. If you write things down, if there is a mystery and you try and explain it, once you've written it down for permanent, in due time, it'll be proven stupid.''' ,'''Doolittle was a major influence on the Seattle grunge scene, which emerged in the early 1990s.''' ,'''I don't like to go trampling on other people's sounds. That's really about it - I don't gravitate towards it, I try to move away from it.''' ,'''It does just boil down to music.''' ,'''The saddest thing is that when I sat down to rehearse for the Pixies, I couldn't believe that I had given up something that I loved. Now I hold the drum at night and I want to go to bed with it.''' ,'''I can hardly understand the Australian accent.''' ,'''It's the best marriage of songs and production. But I have to say, I have an affinity for Bossanova.''' ,'''People do ask, 'Are you going to embellish this stuff?' I wouldn't change any of my guitar parts.''' ,'''The song I like to do is 'Dead.' I'm constantly playing that one.''' ,'''It's always nice to end your sentences with an exclamation mark, and not a comma.''' ,'''It's easy. You draw a red line on the ground, right? Then you wait for a chicken to come along. When he arrives, he puts his beak right on the line and he's hypnotized!''' ,'''I'm not technical. When I listen to music, I gravitate more toward the sonic aspect of it. The technical stuff of it, I get bored with it. These long solos? OK, already. You know your scales, big deal. I know it, too, but I don't want to do that.''' ,]
+++