+++
author = "Sean Gunn"
title = "Sean Gunn Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Sean Gunn Quotes"
keywords = "sean gunn,sean gunn quotes,sean gunn quote,sean gunn sayings,sean gunn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love Mike Winters. He's such a great actor.''' ,'''I'm the youngest of six. When you're in a big family, you get put to the test right away. Do I like being the center of attention? Or do I not like it? You have to make that decision a lot growing up. I knew from a very young age that I liked it.''' ,'''I think that when I was first starting out, even after I was on 'Gilmore Girls,' when things were going pretty well, I was constantly focused on what's next, how can my career get bigger? I could've had a little more fun, and I think I could've had a little more gratitude for the job I did have.''' ,'''I don't want to sound like I'm bragging, but I'm very proud of this: I moved to L.A. in October of 1997, but I never had a survival job in L.A. I was able to support myself with acting from the moment I got to town.''' ,'''Everybody can relate to that feeling that, 'I'm having one of those days where I'm not doing anything right.'''' ,'''As I got older, I went to school. I started doing plays, I learned about the craft of acting, and I started to love acting for different reasons. I think I started to love acting because it brought me closer to people and made me more compassionate.''' ,'''I will always hold a very special place in my heart for 'Gilmore Girls.'''' ,''''Gilmore Girls' and the first 'Guardians' were the two most substantial jobs of my career.''' ,'''It was a very creative atmosphere in my family, for sure.''' ,'''My 'Pearl Harbor' story is that I've never seen it, and I suspect that I was cut completely from the movie, but my name is fairly high in the credits at the end. So, anybody that's ever said that they saw me in Pearl Harbor, I think they just saw the list of credits at the end of the movie.''' ,'''A 'Guardians' sequel and a 'Gilmore Girls' reboot right at the same time was really awesome.''' ,'''So long as I can remember, my siblings and I would have 'Star Wars' action figures or Fisher-Price action figures, and we would build these sprawling compounds.''' ,'''I've learned that a regular yoga practice is essential.''' ,'''I was on 'Gilmore Girls' for seven years and had a couple decent years after that. Then, two years of almost nothing. I had jobs here and there, but I got very, very scared.''' ,'''I went to the theater school at DePaul University in Chicago, the Goodman School.''' ,'''When I lived in Chicago, it often felt like the same people who were going to all the little theater companies were the people who were working in them.''' ,'''Take care of yourself and have your body be in the right shape to do your job is part of my job.''' ,'''It's weird to see the parallel between 'Gilmore Girls' and a lot of the Comic-Con-type, sci-fi-fantasy fans. In a weird way, even though 'Gilmore Girls' is not in that genre, the way the fandom conducts itself and has created this community is similar.''' ,'''I didn't quite understand for a little while just how loyal and rabid that fan base is for 'Gilmore Girls' until I started to get out there and see people all over the country.''' ,'''I try not to want any one specific thing to happen because that's then bound to probably not happen. Particularly in Hollywood, I try not to set my hopes on anything.''' ,'''I'd been a fan of old film comedies like Preston Sturges and Howard Hawks movies - the fast-paced dialogue in movies like 'His Girl Friday' and 'Bringing Up Baby' and 'Twentieth Century' and 'Sullivan's Travels.'''' ,'''If you decide to move to L.A. like, 'I'm just gonna see if it works, and if nothing works I'm gonna go back in a year, two years' - very, very few people with that attitude are successful. You need to make a commitment to this and say, 'This is who I am, and this is what I do.'''' ,'''I adore Kelly Bishop as a human being and as an actress.''' ,'''I think the idea that the community you live in is an extension of your family is a really nice thing for people to think about and to wish for in their own lives.''' ,'''I'd always rather be a jerk than a loser.''' ,'''More people come up to me and talk to me about 'Gilmore Girls' than anything else I've done, including 'Guardians.'''' ,]
+++