+++
author = "Jorja Fox"
title = "Jorja Fox Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Jorja Fox Quotes"
keywords = "jorja fox,jorja fox quotes,jorja fox quote,jorja fox sayings,jorja fox saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wanted to be a lead singer in a band. I can't sing. I'm almost tone deaf. I still play. Next life, rock'n'roll for sure.''' ,'''The reason the contracts are so long is because actors are very spontaneous; we may want to do Shakespeare one day and be Porky Pig the next!''' ,'''If I have a drink in my hand, sometimes it accidentally falls in the direction of the person.''' ,'''It's so great to have your private relationships play out in the press.''' ,'''I'm a nomad.''' ,'''I'm a yes person. I'm too concerned with trying to make too many people happy.''' ,'''I sit every once in a while and I think about plays and films I can do with William Petersen into our eighties. He's the most incredible scene partner I've ever had.''' ,'''I haven't gone home with anybody who tried to pick me up in a long time.''' ,'''If you've got to get fired, it's really fabulous to get fired with a friend.''' ,'''I think everybody else in Hollywood, including network execs, has the opportunity to ask for a raise or a change in scenery in a much shorter time frame than actors. But I do think the networks have to protect themselves.''' ,'''Maybe the universe will get tired of me.''' ,'''You've gotta wonder what kind of vibe you're putting out there if you're having really creepy people come talk to you.''' ,'''I've never been to college, and I think about that. But I kept putting it off, and I am also thinking about having a child, and that's really important. Also, I want to do a lot of traveling and surfing - two of my hobbies.''' ,'''There are so many things I want to do! Some are personal. Some are professional.''' ,'''Beauty is everything.''' ,'''I think 'Make love, not war' might be the most profound statement that's ever been made.''' ,]
+++