+++
author = "Robert Mapplethorpe"
title = "Robert Mapplethorpe Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Robert Mapplethorpe Quotes"
keywords = "robert mapplethorpe,robert mapplethorpe quotes,robert mapplethorpe quote,robert mapplethorpe sayings,robert mapplethorpe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My father wants me to be like my brother, but I can't be.''' ,'''With photography, you zero in; you put a lot of energy into short moments, and then you go on to the next thing.''' ,'''I just try to live my life and do my thing.''' ,'''I see things like they've never been seen before. Art is an accurate statement of the time in which it is made.''' ,'''I'm not a photojournalist.''' ,'''I'm not photographing anything naked these days. I haven't been concentrating on bodies recently.''' ,'''My lifestyle is bizarre, but the only thing you need to know is where the darkroom is.''' ,'''I'm looking for the unexpected. I'm looking for things I've never seen before.''' ,'''I played around with the flowers and the lighting, so that was a good way to educate myself.''' ,'''I am obsessed with beauty. I want everything to be perfect, and of course it isn't. And that's a tough place to be because you're never satisfied.''' ,'''This AIDS stuff is pretty scary. I hope I don't get it.''' ,'''I became the toast of London. A lot of people I met came from these really decadent families where the married men were gay and no one thought anything about it.''' ,'''I don't think any collector knows his true motivation.''' ,'''I just hope I can live long enough to see the fame.''' ,'''Beauty and the devil are the same thing.''' ,'''I just want to be written about as a normal artist.''' ,'''I am selfish, but that's an attribute that all artists possess.''' ,'''My theory about creativity is that the more money one has, the more creative one can be.''' ,'''To make pictures big is to make them more powerful.''' ,'''People don't have time to wait for somebody to paint their portraits anymore. The money is in photography.''' ,'''I went into photography because it seemed like the perfect vehicle for commenting on the madness of today's existence.''' ,'''I don't believe in dogmas and theologies. I just believe in being a good person.''' ,'''When I work, and in my art, I hold hands with God.''' ,'''I should try to get some sleep as one doesn't know what tomorrow may bring.''' ,'''I can't have just anybody assisting me, I need somebody who I can really communicate with.''' ,'''The photographs that are art have to be separated from the rest - then preserved.''' ,'''The more pictures you see, the better you are as a photographer.''' ,'''Happiness? No, it's not there for me.''' ,'''Sell the public flowers... things that they can hang on their walls without being uptight.''' ,'''I recorded that because it happened to me. I wasn't making a point.''' ,'''One must ease the public into it - that's an art in itself.''' ,'''I've never lied. I think I've lived a moral life.''' ,'''I don't know why my pictures come out looking so good. I just don't get it.''' ,'''You're never going to get anywhere in life if you don't live up to your obligations.''' ,'''If I have to change my lifestyle, I don't want to live.''' ,'''Whenever you make love to someone, there should be three people involved - you, the other person, and the devil.''' ,'''I always thought I was good. That's why it was so frustrating when other people didn't agree.''' ,'''Just because I was out at the bars all the time didn't mean I wasn't looking for someone to love.''' ,'''I wish I could be elegant.''' ,'''I would never have done what I'd done if I'd considered my father as somebody I wanted to please.''' ,'''If I am at a party, I want to be at the party. Too many photographers use the camera to avoid participating in things. They become professional observers.''' ,'''When I have sex with someone I forget who I am. For a minute I even forget I'm human. It's the same thing when I'm behind a camera. I forget I exist.''' ,]
+++