+++
author = "Harry Melling"
title = "Harry Melling Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Harry Melling Quotes"
keywords = "harry melling,harry melling quotes,harry melling quote,harry melling sayings,harry melling saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Toffee Crisp was my downfall. I once ate five at a sitting. Do you really need that third helping, Harry? My parents didn't overfeed me, nor did they make an issue of it. That's when things go wrong. It doesn't have to be a problem for children to be fat, but it does affect you: you aren't as happy in that skin.''' ,'''I am auditioning again - getting back to theatre would be amazing.''' ,'''I do look a bit different because Dudley was a very piggish character and about three years ago I lost quite a considerable amount of weight. It means that I can lead a normal life without the baggage of people running after me and shouting things at me.''' ,'''I've also just finished filming the role of Robert Brown in 'Just William,' which is due to transmit on BBC One at Christmas.''' ,'''It doesn't have to be a problem for children to be fat, but it does affect you: you aren't as happy in that skin.''' ,'''I was doing a show at the National Youth Theatre, playing an old man. Before that I had played fat clowns and I thought, 'If I want to have the career I would like, I am going to have to lose weight.' I was just starting drama school, and found I was moving around a lot. I also started to eat sensibly. The weight just dropped off.''' ,'''I can now shed the child-actor thing, like the fat, and start a new career, because no one sees me as Dudley.''' ,'''I also started to eat sensibly. The weight just dropped off.''' ,'''I am a really bad traveler, I hate traveling and I hate being late so I figure if I could just click my fingers and be somewhere then that would be great!''' ,'''I am not sure how much Dudley will feature just because of the grand scale of the film and the fact that there are so many stories and characters to tie up. I haven't seen the film yet but I think it will be a blink-and-you'll-miss-it moment, but it was nice just to round it off and give it some closure.''' ,]
+++