+++
author = "Bruce Robinson"
title = "Bruce Robinson Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Bruce Robinson Quotes"
keywords = "bruce robinson,bruce robinson quotes,bruce robinson quote,bruce robinson sayings,bruce robinson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Bernard Shaw said that when you copy yourself, you know you've got style. And I feel that if you can write like you write, then you are true to yourself. And it's not an easy thing to do - it's a disgustingly difficult thing to do.''' ,'''Mostly in movies an actor has to come to a mark, an X, and deliver his line - but that's so artificial, that's not how people really behave.''' ,'''I like situational comedy when people are being completely serious and yet you can find something extremely funny, not jokes.''' ,'''I think you're a good person or a todd by the age of eight.''' ,'''When I was writing 'Withnail,' I was so busted flat that I had one lightbulb that I would carry around the house with me. I mean, really. No furniture, no money, and I was hoping to be an actor, but I could never get a job.''' ,'''Isn't that the definition of a star? Someone who can get a film made?''' ,'''If you are a junkyard dog, you assume that that's what life is: chained up, barking all day.''' ,'''I've always felt that in a comedy script the stage directions should also have a comedic value.''' ,'''My early life has given me a great deal to draw on, certainly - but would I have swapped a happy childhood for the writing? Yes.''' ,'''My problem with being an actor was that I was far too shy to actually do it.''' ,'''I wake up most days with a vague feeling of doom - 'Dear God. Here I am again.' Then, when I read about politicians in the newspaper, the vengefulness starts. By mid-morning, the anxiety is kicking in.''' ,'''I'm not a religious person, but I prefer God to money.''' ,'''I read 'The Rum Diary,' and I didn't really like it very much.''' ,'''Well, I had the most appalling childhood.''' ,'''I've always been that contemptible thing, a luxury communist.''' ,]
+++