+++
author = "Chris Froome"
title = "Chris Froome Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Chris Froome Quotes"
keywords = "chris froome,chris froome quotes,chris froome quote,chris froome sayings,chris froome saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew up feeling people didn't look at skin color.''' ,'''I certainly feel I'm carrying the flag for Britain. I feel an honour in that but, at the same time, knowing my roots are in Africa, I'd like that to help motivate people from there. Even coming from a third world country, it is possible to get to the top of wherever they want to be.''' ,'''I think everyone lifts themselves that little bit extra for the Tour de France, being the pinnacle of our cycling calendar.''' ,'''Kenya, being a third world country, from a young age your eyes are open to the real world. I'd like to think growing up there taught me to stand on my own two feet, make my own decisions about what I wanted to be.''' ,'''I know I'm British. I haven't spent much time in the U.K., but my parents are British, my family heritage is British, so if I wasn't British, what would I be? I am British.''' ,'''I'm 28, and for the next six or seven years my goal is to try to fight for the yellow jersey. If I can win it once I would be chuffed to bits.''' ,'''In sport you always think the strongest guy should be going for it and getting the best results. The thing is, cycling also has a very important team aspect, which I don't think that a lot of people fully grasp.''' ,'''I wouldn't recommend people to go up and ride their road bikes in Kenya. Bikes are not meant to be on the roads. But the mountain biking is fantastic. You can go right up into the tea and coffee plantations up in the highlands. You can descend the great Rift Valley.''' ,]
+++