+++
author = "Ben Falcone"
title = "Ben Falcone Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Ben Falcone Quotes"
keywords = "ben falcone,ben falcone quotes,ben falcone quote,ben falcone sayings,ben falcone saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Melissa and I both say we don't write very good jokes.''' ,'''I think giving yourself permission to be weird is amazing. After all what does it mean to be normal?''' ,'''I'm an optimist at heart.''' ,'''It's much more fun, I think, to watch something physical than just heads talking to each other. I like watching people fall down and push each other.''' ,'''I'm not much of a joke writer.''' ,'''It's in my wheelhouse to be creepy, as a person.''' ,'''I probably get most of my inspiration through music.''' ,'''Dan Aykroyd is a comedy icon and one of my idols of all time, but I also know that he's an incredibly great actor.''' ,'''When I was a kid, we sat around the house. If I got bored, I'd have to figure out something to do.''' ,'''I think 'weird' is an interesting way to say 'unique.' It has a strange connotation, but weird is good. If you embrace your weirdness, you'll be on the way to becoming who you are.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I was mostly pretty sane. I've gotten more hypochondriacal.''' ,'''The one thing I did know - because I've seen many, many of the road trip movies that everyone thinks about - is that death to a road trip movie happens when you spend too much time in the car.''' ,'''I can safely speak for Melissa when I say both of our plans when we moved to L.A. was probably very similar, which was, 'If I can make any kind of a living doing something I really enjoy, then, hooray.'''' ,'''I guess I'm weirder than I thought, particularly as I think about me as a dad.''' ,'''So much of improv can be really long, and that's kind of what makes it funny.''' ,'''I think there's nothing better than a comedy that also is not afraid to have those heartfelt moments.''' ,'''I listen to the Avett Brothers all the time. I find their music interesting and introspective.''' ,'''If you are trying to be happy and trying to be kind, you've already won.''' ,'''I like to grill, like a standard guy. I like to grill steaks and fish.''' ,'''Since I was a kid, I've always loved hanging out with females.''' ,'''Really hard laughs, they've gotta make you live longer or something.''' ,'''My best parenting advice would be not to take the job too seriously. Teach your kids to be nice, and everything else falls into place.''' ,'''I have a couple of really hard, weird laughs every day.''' ,]
+++