+++
author = "Mahesh Manjrekar"
title = "Mahesh Manjrekar Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mahesh Manjrekar Quotes"
keywords = "mahesh manjrekar,mahesh manjrekar quotes,mahesh manjrekar quote,mahesh manjrekar sayings,mahesh manjrekar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Salman is a man with the most humble heart. I love to be with him.''' ,'''There is always that extra bit of thrill when you try something new, you get into it thinking you have nothing to lose, at the most you will fail.''' ,'''Amitabh doesn't surprise me because he has been there, done that.''' ,'''Yes, I would not like to see censorship on OTT content but there are some people who really take advantage of this.''' ,'''I don't try to find similarities with my characters because then it becomes difficult to act.''' ,'''When my daughter went to school, her last name was mine. The school insisted that her father's name be added to hers, not her mother's. The fact that the mother kept her in her womb for nine months is forgotten. Women don't have an identity. She has her father's name today and will have her husband's tomorrow.''' ,'''For 'Astitva,' I needed actors who were good and committed and could portray the character's growth over a period of time - from 21 to 47 years.''' ,'''People are not coming into theaters to see movies. Audiences are making up their minds not to see films even before their release. It is a very sorry state of affairs.''' ,'''I would love to feel satisfied doing a Hindi film when there is no restriction of commerce, which is song and dance, item numbers.''' ,'''As a child, I would attend shakhas, and the discipline and love for the motherland it instilled in me has helped immensely.''' ,'''Sometimes we might feel that a soldier's duty is to protect us and he doesn't have any emotions, but he has. He is vulnerable and close to his family just like us. But what makes him different from us is the fact that he has the will to die so that we are safe.''' ,'''I don't party after working like others.''' ,'''Bollywood is never going to take a backseat for me because I have nothing against it. But I have decided that I make at least one Marathi film a year.''' ,'''I'm not the ideal male. But when my daughter was born, I became more aware of the society she would grow in.''' ,'''I did quite a lot of television episodes with B.P. Singh. He used to stay near me and we would travel together. He had a car and while going back home we would discuss about the stories, the dialogues, etc. Whatever he taught me was more than enough to start a film.''' ,'''Nothing can replace cinema halls.''' ,'''I do films that affect me, my family, my friends. I need to be affected by what I am showing.''' ,'''I am not a bad actor but a smart actor and I have exhausted my smartness now.''' ,'''Most South Indians are very loyal to their local language cinema. This is not the case with Marathis.''' ,'''Marathi film producers conveniently blame the audience. If there are 70-odd flops in a year, there are a few that are hit because the same audience comes to the theatres.''' ,'''I don't have the patience... an angry man cannot get into politics.''' ,'''I have been doing Marathi theatre for the past 15 years. The people there are very hardworking, talented and committed. But the state of Marathi cinema is going from bad to worse.''' ,'''I was waiting for a right script and then I got a script which I could write and tell the story the way I want to. And that film is 'Antim.'''' ,'''When I signed the contract, I told Salman I am doing 'Bigg Boss' in Marathi. He was more than happy and is hopeful I will enjoy doing it.''' ,'''Hey, I do take breaks between my shooting schedules! But then, my schedules are like a month long.''' ,'''The industry and audience always expects filmmakers to do everything morally right. Why? We are all here to do business.''' ,'''As for the method of making films, I would say that there are no rules as such. The only thing important is that you should have the confidence to do it and have a good story.''' ,'''I have my own set of friends with whom I discuss better story ideas, views and scripts. So I channelize my time in a productive way.''' ,'''Everybody should spend some quality time with their family members and try to make the best out of bad situations.''' ,'''I act because I get money. Half the time I quote an exorbitant amount because I don't want to act. And sometimes it works.''' ,'''We call out-of-tune singers as 'Aurangazeb singers.' I wouldn't say I'm as bad as an 'Aurangazeb singer,' but I'm definitely no singer.''' ,'''I don't think I'm capable enough to make 100-crore films.''' ,'''I feel I am incapable of making Hindi movies. But I don't mind acting in them just to earn my bread and butter.''' ,'''I never come on the sets unprepared. I don't come here and then decide what I have to shoot. I prepare myself well in advance.''' ,'''I was far away from Marathi literature, theatre, arts, everything. I was a late entrant to it.''' ,'''Sometimes people pretend to be someone else and act in a different way, everyone carries an invisible mask.''' ,'''I like to sing but I am nothing great.''' ,'''It is not easy acting and directing yourself because you have to face the camera as well as look at the scene through the lens.''' ,'''I find songs today very fake. I can't write according to the meter, but I can write from my heart.''' ,'''I have nothing against commercial cinema, but I don't have the intelligence to project them.''' ,'''I do not want to waste my time by counting films of other producers as I have better things to perform.''' ,'''The fight to grab eyeballs for Marathi films is intense because a majority of Maharashtrians speak Hindi and there's no undivided loyalty to their native language among them.''' ,'''I am a little disillusioned with Hindi cinema direction. I can experiment with Marathi. But Marathi doesn't give you a lot of money.''' ,'''Earlier, I did sing for 'Kaante' and a couple of other films but I had never done rap before. Marathi rap is something new and I enjoyed it.''' ,'''If I knew what the audience wants to hear I would be the richest guy in the world! There are a lot of people who think they know what the audience wants but are sadly rejected.''' ,'''It is absolutely essential that we take care of ourselves and our loved ones.''' ,'''I love to experiment, I don't have a fear of failure.''' ,'''I did not choose 'Kaksparsh,' the film chose me.''' ,'''It is always better to work with friends.''' ,'''I don't see cinema suffering because of OTT. We should not lose our sleep thinking OTT will finish the future of cinema halls, it won't.''' ,'''I don't get hassled when I am doing a role that looks idiotic to me.''' ,'''Love is love, be it any age. But the problem arises when instead of communicating in person, you are on your phone. Why do you have to send hearts to the person you love? Simply pick up the phone and say 'I love you.'''' ,'''My dream is to make a movie on 'Vyakti Ani Valli,' a play based on the famous book written by P.L. Deshpande.''' ,'''When I got to know 'Bigg Boss' is being made in Marathi, I knew the show would require a host, who has a lot of character. At the back of my mind I knew I would be able to do it but with so many big faces already there in the Marathi industry, I did not know it could come my way.''' ,'''I am a very close friend of Sanjay Dutt and people still remind us of our film 'Vaastav.'''' ,'''I didn't have Marathi as a language in school. My second language was French.''' ,'''I have seen 'Sanju,' and it is a well-made commercial film. However, it was left unexplored. I would have directed it with a different approach.''' ,'''The industry is in an alarming condition. And we only have ourselves to blame. If one thriller runs, we all run to make thrillers. What about the dozen thrillers that flopped before that? More than the herd mentality it is the ostrich mentality.''' ,'''Why would the moneyed be granted higher education and an intelligent student be deprived because his father has no money? This is, after all, a democracy.''' ,'''Most of the plays in Marathi theatre are for the middle aged or are family dramas.''' ,'''Army wives sacrifice a lot, we need to salute them because no matter what, they always put up a brave face.''' ,'''Acting is closed and 'Dabanng' will be my last film as an actor in Bollywood. I don't know, it does not excite me anymore and I have always believed I am a limited actor.''' ,'''The fact that 'Bigg Boss' doesn't require any script is phenomenal as then you get caught between lines; here I can be all out and express my true emotions.''' ,'''Whatever age you are in, there are always complications in every relationship.''' ,'''I believe it's so important to love life, enjoy it for its small moments and live without regrets - life is so unpredictable.''' ,'''Public posturing notwithstanding, when trash becomes a hit no filmmaker worth his salt takes it seriously.''' ,'''Audiences make up their minds to see only certain films. They see the rest on cable after two weeks.''' ,'''One night, at 2:30 A. M., I got a call from Salman Khan. And when I answered the call, he asked me if I will host 'Bigg Boss' Marathi. As I was in deep sleep, I don't even know when I said a yes. Also, the next morning, I wasn't sure if it was a dream or reality and eventually I forgot too.''' ,'''In many ways, Bengalis and Marathis happen to be very similar. Both love theatre, literature and seafood.''' ,'''In fact, I started my career as a theatre actor, along with Sachin Khedekar, with a musical play called 'Aflatoon,' where I sang quite a bit. So, singing isn't alien to me, but over the years, because of the constant abuse of smoking that I've put my throat through, my voice doesn't sound as good.''' ,'''I am an actor who gets into a role only when the director says 'action' and gets out of it with 'cut.'''' ,'''There was time I was 105 kg, and whenever I used to see myself in the mirror, I used to ask myself, 'What is this?' So there was only one solution and that is controlling your diet and then hit the gym.''' ,'''Harmesh Malhotra's 'Nigahen' is said to be a sequel to his 'Nagina.' But in reality, the characters in the second film did not flow out of the first.''' ,'''Only good performers get to work with me.''' ,'''I don't make Mills & Boons kind of films.''' ,'''To be an actor, I had to learn Marathi. I used to always grudge why there are so many alphabets in Marathi.''' ,'''I just hope that everyone tells their children, especially daughters, to fight for their rights!''' ,'''I don't think there is a better human being than Salman. He is always there for you, just a call away. I have never seen a more rooted guy than him.''' ,'''With the advent of multiplexes, the audiences coming in are not bothered by who's in the film. We need not run after stars.''' ,'''Social media is important but it doesn't deserve the importance it is being given.''' ,'''People feel I only make films on underworld, but that's not true.''' ,'''Every filmmaker has a family to feed. They have children whose college fees need to be paid.''' ,'''Audience today like an honest approach to cinema; if you try to please the audience they come to know.''' ,'''I believe that being fit is more important than being successful.''' ,'''When someone becomes such a big personality then subconsciously or consciously he starts building a wall around him.''' ,''''Slumdog Millionaire' was as good or as bad any Bollywood film. If I had to rate it, I would give it just 5.5 points out of 10. Unlike others, I am not gung-ho about the film winning so many Oscars. Yes, I am happy that I was a part of the project, but I am yet to figure out why it got so many Oscars.''' ,'''I realized after my first play that no one was going to offer me roles for theatre. So I started my own theatre company even though I was in deep debt in 1988.''' ,'''I thought that I should do Marathi cinema as I knew that there I would be able to explore different subjects. But I also need the money and acting is my bread and butter. So I started doing Bollywood films merely for money.''' ,'''I acted in 'Kaante' because Sanjay Gupta insisted me to do it. At that time, I had never thought that I would be acting in films.''' ,'''At the end of the day, everything boils down to money and if the film doesn't do well, then there's no point.''' ,'''The first HIV movie in India, 'Nidaan,' was done by me which at that time nobody dared to even try.''' ,'''Personally, I might be all for parallel or experimental cinema, but when I'm making a film, I don't mind adding a commercial tadka.''' ,''''Astitva' is all about a woman's search for her identity in a male-dominated world. It is not a feminist kind of approach. Rather, I have tried hold a mirror to the men in our society.''' ,''''Pawan & Pooja' discovers new aspects of love, it taps into the typical problems faced in today's fast-paced life.''' ,'''Working with people like Deepti Naval and Siddharth Malhotra is always a delight because they understand the craft and the script is their topmost priority.''' ,'''Flats are being sold for 1 lakh per square feet even though the poor can't even afford one meal in the day. It's an inhuman and insulting display of wealth, and I wanted my movie's title, 'City of Gold,' as well as the title song to reflect that.''' ,'''In Marathi cinema, people have never ever run after stars, there is no star in Marathi films.''' ,'''There were reports that my elder daughter Ashwami was in 'Dabangg 3,' but she is a chef, and never wanted to be an actor.''' ,'''When I'm making a film, I only go by the script.''' ,'''Priyanka Chopra has produced a Marathi film. Even John Abraham announced he wants to make a Marathi film. Suddenly everyone wants to jump on the bandwagon. Shah Rukh, Rohit Shetty also want to do a Marathi film. There is an awareness. But I hope they don't come and spoil the market by making their kind of cinema.''' ,]
+++