+++
author = "Janhvi Kapoor"
title = "Janhvi Kapoor Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Janhvi Kapoor Quotes"
keywords = "janhvi kapoor,janhvi kapoor quotes,janhvi kapoor quote,janhvi kapoor sayings,janhvi kapoor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In acting, you have to fool yourself - you mess with yourself into believing things.''' ,'''My mom and dad used to call me 'full drama'. Mom had many videos of me as a kid where I was doing some dance moves, and suddenly the next moment, I was on the floor.''' ,'''I think of what that person must be going through and thinking, that they might feel better by pulling someone else down. No one would say this to your face, but social media makes us all faceless, and you don't get called out for this.''' ,'''I am happy that my mom was strict about the products we used. We could only use natural oils, no face wash, no conditioner. So, my skin and my hair were protected from chemicals.''' ,'''Papa is a very chilled out person. He was very supportive from the beginning. I think Papa helped ease Mama into the idea of me acting. He told her that she seems passionate about it. He was very cool about it.''' ,'''I do come from a place of privilege. But I have it, so what am I supposed to do now? I'd be the dumbest person on the planet if I didn't do anything about it.''' ,'''It takes a certain amount of courage to not be pessimistic. I'd like to believe there is good in everyone.''' ,'''My attendance in school was 30 per cent. I was always travelling with my parents.''' ,'''I'm not sure if I should say this, but after watching 'Bareilly Ki Barfi', I really wanted Rajkummar Rao to notice me, so I commented on all his photos. He's the only person I've asked for a photo with.''' ,'''My first memory of a beauty product was watching mom do her makeup.''' ,'''I'm so proud of my parents. I need to make them as proud of me.''' ,'''Give me a chance to prove myself because there's nothing that I love more than acting. I feel a sense of responsibility towards anyone who feels that I don't deserve to be here as there are so many others struggling to get into films.''' ,'''People shouldn't think that something is their birthright. They need to prove themselves.''' ,'''Khushi is very sensitive but not very expressive. She is a little pricey as a person. She can be a little bit of a bully. But, there's strength and resilience in my sister that is magnanimous but it is silent.''' ,'''The biggest and the most important thing my mother told me is to be a good actor you first need to be a really good human being and an honest person.''' ,'''You cannot sit at home at act. You need a story, a director, you need people to believe in you, to put you through that journey. It is not something you can attain within yourself.''' ,'''I know nothing comes easily in life and I don't want to make things easy for myself.''' ,'''I am very religious, but talking about it makes me a bit uncomfortable.''' ,'''After I finished school I wanted to do a bunch of courses - art history in Florence, fashion in London and acting in Los Angeles. So I started with acting, and soon I knew this is it, this is what I need to do.''' ,'''I am so thankful to work with Shashank Khaitan because of the kind of person that he is. One of the things I am most thankful for is to have Shashank as my first director and as a mentor.''' ,'''Mom was a very creative and artistic person and papa is a producer. I've grown up in an extremely colourful environment at home and I haven't been exposed to anything else.''' ,'''My family, my mom in particular, got so much love and appreciation from the audience. As a consequence, I have also got some of that love. I now have to work doubly hard to prove that I deserve it, on my own, also.''' ,'''When I was a teenager, it was so exciting to go to an event, because I would get a blow dry. Usually, my mom wouldn't even let us use a conditioner because she thought it was bad for the hair.''' ,'''I think I am fascinated with slightly tragic characters.''' ,'''I love visiting churches and I think I've visited every mosque in Istanbul.''' ,'''I don't smile all the time. Trust me, there have been days when I have been a mess.''' ,'''Mom was always very, very religious.''' ,'''I think it's so flattering that people would even give me enough attention to know about my private life.''' ,]
+++