+++
author = "Kim Kardashian"
title = "Kim Kardashian Quotes"
quotes_len = "116"
description = "the best 116 Kim Kardashian Quotes"
keywords = "kim kardashian,kim kardashian quotes,kim kardashian quote,kim kardashian sayings,kim kardashian saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel lazy when I'm not working. I learned all my business sense from my dad. He always believed in me, and I think the last thing he said to me before he passed away was, 'I know you're gonna be OK. I'm not worried about you'.''' ,'''At the end of the day, life is about being happy being who you are, and I feel like we are so blessed to have the support system and the best family to really just support each other no matter what we're going through.''' ,'''Even the people I surround myself with... are wiser, a little bit older than me, where before, all my boyfriends were younger.''' ,'''Now is the one time in my life I can be 100% selfish. I'm not married; I don't have kids; I can focus on my career.''' ,'''I was always really shy so I'd never try to get a guy's attention.''' ,'''I didn't love school.''' ,'''Having lots of siblings is like having built-in best friends.''' ,'''I am fascinated by crime scene investigating. I swear, I wish I was a crime scene investigator sometimes!''' ,'''I think you have different soulmates throughout your life.''' ,'''I'm just really supportive of everyone - even though I believe that things should be equal, people have different circumstances in their life that have taught them to be who they are. Even if I don't agree with them, I don't judge them. I'm a really non-judgmental person.''' ,'''I think if I'm 40 and I don't have any kids and I'm not married, I would have a baby artificially inseminated. I would feel like Mary - like Jesus is my baby.''' ,'''Obviously, as you grow up, no one's ever 100 percent proud of every decision that they've made, and that's OK. I think as long as you learn from your mistakes and don't make them over and over again, you're on the right path.''' ,'''I know some people say it's not the best to work with your family, but I have never understood that because it's always worked so well for me.''' ,'''My decision to end my marriage was such a risk to lose ratings and lose my fan base. I had to take that risk for my inner peace and to be happy with myself.''' ,'''First and foremost, I married for love.''' ,'''Meeting people at my fertility doctor's office who are going through the same things I'm going through, I thought, 'Why not share my story?' It's been really emotional.''' ,'''I definitely think anything I'd be in now is a permanent relationship.''' ,'''I love that my friends are sometimes even 20, 30 years older than me - that I can just sit and enjoy their company and their experiences.''' ,'''It's time to recognise the Armenian Genocide.''' ,'''Maybe my fairy tale has a different ending than I dreamed it would. But that's OK.''' ,'''Ever since I felt the baby kick, it's such an amazing feeling, and it's really allowed me to embrace it. Once you feel this movement inside, it's just a whole different experience, so I love it now. It was tough at the beginning, but I'm past all that, and I love it now.''' ,'''I am pretty honest about a lot of things that young girls question, like their body image.''' ,'''If you're a basketball player and you don't stop and take pictures with your fans, you can have an amazing game and everyone still loves you.''' ,'''I'm the true definition of a workaholic.''' ,'''I've made mistakes in my life for sure.''' ,'''Who wouldn't want a baby girl? They're the best! And I know that's what Kanye has always wanted; he wanted a little girl.''' ,'''There's more pressure to be famous for being yourself than if you're being a character.''' ,'''I love the sun but don't have the time to get a good tan and keep it year-round, so I am a huge fan of tanning products.''' ,'''People are recognizing that I am an entrepreneur and do more than be on a reality TV show.''' ,'''I am really cautious about what I say and do.''' ,'''My mom and I had the same vision, and we want the same things. We would always make a goal list every year.''' ,'''Holidays are the best. I couldn't imagine being from a small family.''' ,'''I am so stereotyped into being this Hollywood girl.''' ,'''To look and feel my best, I watch my calories and exercise.''' ,'''White is actually one of my favorite colors. I have a white car. I love white.''' ,'''I play into the perception of me, but it's not really me.''' ,'''I will always believe in love, but my idea has changed from what I've always thought.''' ,'''As kids, we were at concerts like Michael Jackson every weekend. My first concert was Earth, Wind and Fire.''' ,'''I would rather have been beaten up in the media than live a life that wasn't happy.''' ,'''The perfect date for me would be staying at home, making a big picnic in bed, eating Wotsits and cookies while watching cable TV.''' ,'''I don't talk about money.''' ,'''There are always going to be ridiculous rumours.''' ,'''My reality is never going to be stick-skinny.''' ,'''I don't really have goals as far as, I want to be on a cover or something like that.''' ,'''I think that there's the Kim Kardashian brand and the Kardashian brand. I think they blend together, but I have different qualities or interests that my sisters might not be so into.''' ,'''I am hands-on in any project that I am associated with. I just don't want to put my face or name and lend it to a product that I'm not behind a hundred percent.''' ,'''I went to college for four years.''' ,'''Why is it when you're dieting, you crave everything?''' ,'''I remember when the wave of Jennifer Lopez, Salma Hayek and these beautiful Hispanic women came into light, and I looked up to them and I loved them, but I was like, 'Where are Middle Eastern women?'''' ,'''I've always been the type to fall in love fast and, with every boyfriend, I plan out my wedding in my head.''' ,'''I'm a really nostalgic person. I love taking photos and video and having memories. I remember all my childhood videos that my dad used to take. I think that's really what life is about - especially when you start a family of your own.''' ,'''I always put clothes and family photos under the mattress, in case the house burns down.''' ,'''I really see myself continuing to design clothes, fragrances.''' ,'''Really, it is all so worth it when you have your precious baby in the end.''' ,'''I always say you shouldn't weigh yourself. I don't even have a set of scales in my house.''' ,'''I couldn't sacrifice my heart for a publicity stunt.''' ,'''I do rely on having a full face on.''' ,'''Maybe I'll just be a good aunt.''' ,'''I'm an entrepreneur. 'Ambitious' is my middle name.''' ,'''I feel like I'm at a really happy, good space.''' ,'''I'm a little more shy and not comfortable dancing in front of a large crowd.''' ,'''I'm constantly on the go.''' ,'''I don't even drink! I can't stand the taste of alcohol. Every New Year's Eve I try one drink and every time it makes me feel sick. So I don't touch booze - I'm always the designated driver.''' ,'''I love when people underestimate me and then become pleasantly surprised.''' ,'''The first time I was pregnant, Kanye and I were dating, and I was just being introduced to the world of fashion. I wanted to work with a bunch of different stylists, and when you work with a new stylist, everyone wants to possess your look.''' ,'''I urge people to learn from the mistakes of others. Please drink responsibly and it's never acceptable to drink and drive!''' ,'''When I gain a pound it's in the headlines.''' ,'''I know people think we drive around in these nice cars and we do whatever we want and our parents will pay our credit cards, but that's not the case. Sure, my parents were generous; I got a nice car at 16, but at 18 I was cut off. I've worked really hard. I opened the store myself.''' ,'''Me and my sisters all have such different body types.''' ,'''My mother has always been the social glue holding the family together.''' ,'''I am Armenian, so of course I am obsessed with laser hair removal! Arms, bikini, legs, underarms... my entire body is hairless.''' ,'''When I turned 16, my dad made me sign a contract - he made us sign contracts for everything - that if I hit my car, I would be responsible for paying for it. I was in bumper-to-bumper traffic, and I tapped someone. It was so not a big deal, but I had to pay for it.''' ,'''I learned how to cook and do a lot of marital things.''' ,'''If I don't feel confident about my body, I'm not going to sit at home and feel sorry for myself and not do something about it. It's all about taking action and not being lazy. So you do the work, whether it's fitness or whatever. It's about getting up, motivating yourself and just doing it.''' ,'''I have to be in a relationship in order to be intimate. I'm not the one-night-stand kind of girl. Despite the rumors.''' ,'''I have cellulite, just like almost every other woman on the planet.''' ,'''I'm totally not against plastic surgery. I've tried Botox before. That's the only thing that I've done.''' ,'''I love to eat - Kit Kats or cookies-and-cream ice cream. I need sugar like five times a day.''' ,'''You can't really have like high end designers for everything.''' ,'''Botox to me is not surgery.''' ,'''I love meeting new people and telling them about my stories and my projects that I am working on.''' ,'''There was at time in my life where all I wanted was a relationship, and I thought that was the most important thing.''' ,'''If I feel something, it's how I feel. I never say, 'I feel this way, so you should feel that way.' Not that there's anything wrong with it, but I just am who I am. But, yeah. I think you would call me a feminist.''' ,'''I'm totally growing up.''' ,'''My theory is, 'Happy mommy, happy baby.'''' ,'''I would absolutely characterize myself as ambitious.''' ,'''I think it would be so much fun to be in the White House.''' ,'''I used to be super trendy and totally sexy. But I look back now and I used to want everything short and low cut and you really can't do it all.''' ,'''I have a hit TV show.''' ,'''I definitely want kids and I want four kids, for sure. But I need to find a husband first!''' ,'''Everything family does is reflection on the other people.''' ,'''I used to enjoy the spotlight. If I had a day off from filming, I didn't know what to do. Now I enjoy my family time so much, there is this sense of, if it all went away, and I was just a mom, I would love my life.''' ,'''You never know what the future holds or where my life will take me.''' ,'''You make mistakes, but I don't have any regrets. I'm the kind of person who takes responsibility for it and deals with it. I learn from everything I do. I work very hard, I have so many things going on in my life. Get to know me and see who I am.''' ,'''People don't understand the pressure on me to look perfect.''' ,'''I think I'll always be a hopeless romantic.''' ,'''I promote a healthy lifestyle.''' ,'''I just feel my best when I'm all glammed up.''' ,'''I'm not trying to influence anyone else; I'm not saying, 'Do what I do.' I think it's a little pretentious to say, 'I'm a role model'; I would never say that, and I don't think of myself that way.''' ,'''If I look at the message I'm portraying, I think it definitely is be who you are, but be your best you.''' ,'''I wanted to be a teacher.''' ,'''If I like a food, I'll eat it, even if I know it's not good for me.''' ,'''I always wanted what Mom and Dad had.''' ,'''I'd be foolish not to take some of these opportunities that are coming my way.''' ,'''I hate to talk about myself.''' ,'''When there's so many haters and negative things, I really don't care.''' ,'''I was raised with a huge Armenian influence, always hearing stories of Armenia, celebrating Armenian holidays.''' ,'''My career is based on openness and honesty.''' ,'''I get letters from little girls begging me to adopt them.''' ,'''I think each shoot has a different personality.''' ,'''Personally, I've always loved the curvy look.''' ,'''I've always been a businesswoman.''' ,'''I was okay with school. My sister Kourtney was extremely smart. I always read a little slower.''' ,'''I have sister issues and parent issues and all sorts of things.''' ,'''I can't dwell.''' ,'''It's fun to have a partner who understands your life and lets you be you.''' ,]
+++