+++
author = "Bridget Kelly"
title = "Bridget Kelly Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Bridget Kelly Quotes"
keywords = "bridget kelly,bridget kelly quotes,bridget kelly quote,bridget kelly sayings,bridget kelly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I consider myself a boy in a dress.''' ,'''Paris is a danger for people like me. We spend our rent money in Paris on clothes.''' ,'''As far as the creative process goes, I always make sure that anything that gets discussed or talked about in the record is true to form. I make it a point not to sing anything that I haven't felt or gone through.''' ,'''I really pride myself in being able to combine soft and hard characteristics. If I do a leather jacket, then it will be with a really pretty feminine blouse underneath.''' ,'''For me, the majority of my music is really dark and to the point.''' ,'''Facebook people are finding me that I don't really know. People poke you on Facebook. I'm like, 'Why? Why are you poking me?'''' ,'''I always wanted to be a part of a New York-based label, so I've worked really hard to try and network with people that I felt would put me in the right place.''' ,'''Dream and Ne-Yo understand what women go through, what we feel, what we talk about, what we're scared of, and I think that their records show that clearly as well.''' ,'''I hate bags. I never carry a bag. I am terrified of bags. I don't want to have to be responsible for that many things at one time.''' ,]
+++