+++
author = "Marouane Fellaini"
title = "Marouane Fellaini Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Marouane Fellaini Quotes"
keywords = "marouane fellaini,marouane fellaini quotes,marouane fellaini quote,marouane fellaini sayings,marouane fellaini saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everything has to be within the rules, but the physical side in England is why it's such a competitive league.''' ,'''I am ambitious; I want to play in the Champions League or in the Europa League.''' ,'''There are many good players in England who are very good in the air. When you're up against Nemanja Vidic or Vincent Kompany, it's a real challenge.''' ,'''When you change a manager like Sir Alex Ferguson, it is difficult.''' ,'''I would have no problem with living in China. I like discovering new places and cultures, and I would not go alone - my family would go with me.''' ,'''I'm not unbeatable.''' ,'''In my private life, I don't really do too much because the matches are so tough in the Premier League that it takes time to recover in between.''' ,'''I am physical, not aggressive. Well, aggressive with the ball, but I don't kick people.''' ,'''Everything goes fast in football. You can be transferred tomorrow, as you can be in one or two years.''' ,'''I prefer defensive midfielder because I know my job when I play there. More things are in front of you.''' ,'''I have always felt good with the players at United, but with the supporters, it was difficult a little bit when I arrived.''' ,'''When your manager asks you to play in a position, you have to do it.''' ,'''£25million or £30m or £20m - whether you are expensive or not, players are just players.''' ,'''I prefer that people are now talking about me as a player rather than about my hair.''' ,'''When the manager asks me to do something, I do it.''' ,'''Everybody knows I am a team player.''' ,'''I hope to win something here, with Everton.''' ,'''At a club like Manchester United, we have to win something.''' ,'''Louis van Gaal trusted me; I played a lot of games.''' ,'''I've never destroyed someone's career.''' ,'''I like to win my challenge. That's English football as well, but I am not a dirty player.''' ,'''It's always nice to score; it's good for confidence.''' ,'''When I was about 16, I started to believe I could play professionally. I worked hard and focused more.''' ,'''If you have beauty but win nothing, it is no use.''' ,'''In England, every game is like a derby, because it's physical.''' ,'''I don't want to elbow someone; I just defend myself.''' ,'''You either like me, or you don't like me. It's not my problem. I don't care.''' ,'''I am glad people are interested in me. There is nothing more I can say about the hair, but if it makes people happy, that's good.''' ,'''Winning the FA Cup was a very big moment. You play for Manchester United to win trophies and play in games like that, so it was a great moment for me.''' ,'''Sometimes I look at myself and ask, 'What is my best position?' But I think it's a defensive midfielder; that's the best one.''' ,'''It is difficult to play with your back to goal.''' ,'''My dad was an ex-player, so he knew what he was saying. When we talk about football, he knows what he's talking about. We can talk all evening.''' ,'''Some people say there is a beauty about defending. Beauty is nice, but the most important thing is success.''' ,'''I know what I can do and what I can't.''' ,'''I want to help the team, and I will give everything.''' ,'''Would I have liked to play for PSG? Yes.''' ,'''I can win the ball. I can clear the ball.''' ,'''I do cut my hair regularly because otherwise, after a few months, I wouldn't be able to see the ball any more - especially when there's a lot of rain.''' ,'''It's always good to be in the Champions League.''' ,'''I get lots of fouls on me, but it is no foul because I am physical. Because I don't go down, that is the problem as well. But I will keep playing my game. Why would I change? It's my game.''' ,'''In football, you have to be strong in the head. The mentality is important, and I do have this quality so I can keep going.''' ,'''I will play defensively, but if I can help the team further forward, then I will do that.''' ,'''It's always good to score a goal, but for me, the most important thing is the three points.''' ,'''Criticism is part of football, but we have to work.''' ,'''It is always good to win the game before the break for internationals.''' ,'''I think it's easy for them to portray me as an aggressive player, but I'm not.''' ,'''Everton was a great club for me with great teammates.''' ,'''It's different to play midfielder and striker or No. 10, but I enjoy all the positions I can play.''' ,'''Even when I'm in pain, I play.''' ,'''My dad used to take me and my brothers to the park to play football all the time. I remember every moment.''' ,'''When a manager calls you and says you are part of his plans and that he trusts you, then you will give everything for him.''' ,'''I do what the forwards do and score goals.''' ,'''I'm not a striker, I'm not a goalscorer - I'm a midfielder.''' ,'''I want to play in England.''' ,'''When you are playing, you are always happy.''' ,'''I'm happy, and when I score the goals, it is a bonus for me.''' ,'''My journey, my life, has not been easy. I have had to fight.''' ,'''Normally, I play in midfield where I'm challenging the players and trying to take the ball.''' ,'''I prefer to play in midfield, whether that is attacking midfield or defensive midfield.''' ,'''In the past, I played No. 10 and No. 9 sometimes when I had to help the team. I can play there and help my team-mates and my team; it's not important where I play. It's important to win the game.''' ,'''When I am out in Liverpool, the fans come up and talk to me. But I cannot take in everything they say because I don't understand all of it.''' ,'''During my first season at Manchester, the team was not performing, and I was the scapegoat.''' ,'''My favorite position is at No. 6 or No. 8, but I will never have a problem with a manager, because I do my job.''' ,'''The team that wants it the hardest wins, but there have been times when I came out as the villain.''' ,'''In the Premier League, every game is tough. Every game is difficult.''' ,'''I don't want to be a star. I just want to play football.''' ,'''I can play different positions.''' ,'''I know one thing: A lot of people know I work hard on the pitch, and for me, that's the most important thing.''' ,'''I get on well with Mourinho. He trusts me and knows what I can give to the team.''' ,'''I always want to improve.''' ,'''I try to play my game; I try my best to recover the ball quickly: that's my job.''' ,'''I try to do my job, give the best of myself, and win games.''' ,'''When I feel that people trust me, I'm prepared to do everything.''' ,'''No need to prove anything - not in England or in Belgium.''' ,'''I try to concentrate when I'm in the box.''' ,'''If you want to win the game, you have to be aggressive.''' ,'''Why should I change my game if I don't even get a yellow card?''' ,'''You learn a lot from quality players.''' ,'''My mum and dad did everything for me. They supported me, gave me a lot of advice. That support is everything. It gives you the confidence you need.''' ,'''My best friends always say to me, 'Think about yourself first,' and tell me to be more selfish. But I'm not like that. I am a professional. I am of service to the club and to the manager.''' ,'''If I can do something, I do it. If not, I give the ball to someone else.''' ,'''It is difficult for every manager, I think, in the first year.''' ,'''I have always said that I want to play at the highest level.''' ,'''In Manchester, people don't recognise me that much and tend to treat me in a more respectful way.''' ,'''It's nice when the fans wear wigs like my hair and show they are behind me.''' ,'''We are a great fit, and I'm excited about the chance to influence a new generation of young footballers alongside Warrior.''' ,'''Louis van Gaal is a good coach. We have a lot of team meetings, and he analyses much - other teams, our own players at training, a lot. Everywhere he has been, he was successful.''' ,'''When I was young, it was a dream to play for Manchester United.''' ,'''As a young player, I played up front, on the wing, in midfield, and when I started in the reserves at Standard Liege, I played centre back.''' ,'''When the manager asks me to play somewhere, I play there. But my best position is midfield.''' ,'''The manager might like it sometimes when I play up front because I can cause trouble for the defenders, but for me, my best position is defensive midfield, stopping the opposition, and then looking to impose myself on a game.''' ,'''I want to win trophies. That's the most important thing.''' ,'''I hope I have a long future here with Everton. It is a daily task to improve.''' ,'''I don't need to explain myself. All the managers I've had know my quality.''' ,'''Sometimes I have two or three players around me, grabbing me.''' ,'''It's always like that: strikers have to score to be confident.''' ,'''I always try to give everything for the team, whether I start or don't start.''' ,'''I chose Warrior because my approach to the game and desire to win is the same as theirs. It's a brand that does things differently to the others, and I really like that.''' ,'''Critics help you progress: you end up working more; you want to show them they are wrong.''' ,'''The Premier League is the best league.''' ,]
+++