+++
author = "Dyan Cannon"
title = "Dyan Cannon Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Dyan Cannon Quotes"
keywords = "dyan cannon,dyan cannon quotes,dyan cannon quote,dyan cannon sayings,dyan cannon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have become down-hearted, I have become discouraged, I have become depressed. I'm just like you. I'm a human being and I have my problems.''' ,'''Being born again means you have a new concept of yourself.''' ,'''Even when there are times that we're not happy, happiness will creep in.''' ,'''I was seeking a real love, a real deal, and I have been seeking it for a lot of years. And in that seeking, I found that God's love is real.''' ,'''They offered me millions and millions and millions of dollars to write books about Cary. That was between us. That was private. I'll always love him.''' ,'''God's love doesn't leave out Jews or Muslims or anyone.''' ,'''I wanted to star in a western opposite Robert Redford. That was my plan for my life.''' ,'''The Bible says, as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.''' ,'''God uses whoever he wants.''' ,'''Shakespeare said, nothing is either good nor bad but thinking makes it so.''' ,'''Einstein said, if everything exists as a substance of qualities, and qualities exist only in mind, then all is mind.''' ,'''I was going to go make a film in Greece. if they caught you with this much marijuana, they threw you in jail, no questions asked, and I was trying to stuff it in my deodorant bottles. I thought, what I am doing?''' ,'''I really always expected to somebody to make me happy and I don't think you can really enter into a relationship until you are happy.''' ,'''Have you ever noticed when you start getting happy, you say, uh-uh, I'd better watch out. I feel too good. Something's going to happen.''' ,]
+++