+++
author = "Vincent Tan"
title = "Vincent Tan Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Vincent Tan Quotes"
keywords = "vincent tan,vincent tan quotes,vincent tan quote,vincent tan sayings,vincent tan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In Asia, red is the colour of joy; red is the colour of festivities and of celebration. In Chinese culture, blue is the colour of mourning.''' ,'''No matter how much good you do, there will always be a few per cent of people who don't support you.''' ,'''Every business I don't know, if I spend enough time - a couple of months - I will know a lot. I know quite a lot about football now. I know the value of players, and we won't do stupid things.''' ,'''I love football now. I have a club in Sarajevo, and I love that. The fans are fantastic. The people who run the club are incredible, honest people, and they really motivate me.''' ,'''Much as I would like to give out as much as I can, I do recognize that my resources are not unlimited, and therefore, it is imperative that we are able to determine the sustainability and effectiveness of the causes we support. In so doing, we can ensure that our resources are put to the best use.''' ,'''You look at Man United and Liverpool, and they are red - they are much more successful and have a bigger fan base than Chelsea or Manchester City.''' ,'''Due to my business commitments, I am faced with time constraints and have not been able to personally spend as much time as I would like on my causes. These efforts are handled by my team of several people.''' ,'''I started life in a poor family and could not even afford a proper tertiary education.''' ,'''One day we are a hero, another day we are a zero. Without me, Cardiff would have gone bust. Because of my investment, we got promoted.''' ,'''I started off with making personal donations and eventually set up my own foundation, VTCY Foundation, now known as Better Malaysia Foundation. My contributions are also made through companies that I own.''' ,'''We can work together to produce better footballers for both FK Sarajevo and maybe Cardiff City and maybe even to play for other clubs. We hope this will be well received by everybody and enhance good relations between Malaysia and Bosnia.''' ,'''I pray Cardiff get back to the Premier League. If I sell Cardiff, I will buy another club in the U.K. I have a club in Sarajevo. The fans are fantastic. The people who run the club are incredible. They really motivate me. I'm looking at another club in Europe and then the MLS.''' ,'''Sometimes the British press is maybe a little bit racist.''' ,'''We want to do what is good for Cardiff and for the long-term survival, and hopefully Cardiff can be around for a long time and, God willing, be around in the Premier League.''' ,'''I wear sunglasses because of the glare of the spotlights. I wear gloves because it is very cold in the U.K.''' ,'''You're a hero one day, you're a villain another day. They say that's football. When a manager does well, they're applauded, when they don't do well, they get the sack. Football is a tough world. Those who watch enjoy it - for everybody else, there are a lot of challenges.''' ,]
+++