+++
author = "Tony Revolori"
title = "Tony Revolori Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Tony Revolori Quotes"
keywords = "tony revolori,tony revolori quotes,tony revolori quote,tony revolori sayings,tony revolori saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would love to work with Derek Cianfrance. Why not? You've always got to aim big!''' ,'''I want to be one of the youngest actors ever to direct a feature. That would be a nice thing to hear. It might prove to be a bigger challenge than I can take, but that's the career I want, like George Clooney.''' ,'''I'm a normal working actor - just the way I want it. I have never been the one to want the fame of everything. The thing for me is to inspire people and do something I love.''' ,'''I learned guitar solely for the purpose of meeting women. I'd heard it's a great lady-catcher.''' ,'''I remember when I was 12, talking with my friends about what we wanted to do with our lives, astronauts, forensic detectives, all these different jobs. And the only thing I could think was an actor.''' ,'''If I was called back to 'Grand Budapest 2,' a prequel or whatever, I'm there. I'm there in a heartbeat.''' ,'''I'm allergic to chocolate. I never tried it, and I can't try it, ever.''' ,'''My favorite Wes Anderson movie is 'The Darjeeling Limited,' because I have two other brothers, and I just feel that connection so well. All of his films have something so great and unique about them, that I don't know how I would be if I don't like them. I wouldn't be me. My personality is his sensibility.''' ,'''I would have loved to have been in 'Bottle Rocket' to take over Owen Wilson's character Dignan, because he's just awesome and amazing. I would have loved to have been in 'The Darjeeling Limited' maybe. I think that would have been a good one to be in.''' ,]
+++