+++
author = "Candice Swanepoel"
title = "Candice Swanepoel Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Candice Swanepoel Quotes"
keywords = "candice swanepoel,candice swanepoel quotes,candice swanepoel quote,candice swanepoel sayings,candice swanepoel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm crazy about jewelry; swimwear and jewelry.''' ,'''It's been amazing how this crazy career has been created. I feel that it's been given to me. I wouldn't be anywhere without Victoria's Secret.''' ,'''I was a ballet dancer growing up and that's what I was convinced I would be.''' ,'''Whenever you feel down, you can check on Twitter and feel better about yourself, because it's only people who like you.''' ,'''I'm usually bikini-ready all year round.''' ,'''Your body is a machine. Learn the right way to take care of it.''' ,'''I try to train as much as I can, as much as my schedule allows it.''' ,'''The best V-Day gift I've ever received was a personalized photo collage.''' ,'''Victoria's Secret is like a big family.''' ,'''If I'm on holiday, I'm active on the beach, I play tennis, I run, I swim a lot. It's just about making the workouts fun, I think, and then it doesn't really feel that bad.''' ,'''I'd love to be a pop star - at heart.''' ,'''I want to live my life naked, with all my little naked kids naked in the garden.''' ,'''I grew up on a dairy and beef farm.''' ,'''I have always been very comfortable in little clothing; its part of my job.''' ,'''Women are complicated. We all know that.''' ,'''A relationship is like another job, you know, you have to work at it all the time.''' ,'''I get skinnier if I'm very busy.''' ,'''At school, I got teased because I was so thin and awkward-looking.''' ,'''Brazil, I'm totally obsessed. I've been going since I was 17, and the first time I went, I fell in love with it.''' ,'''I am healthy and happy.''' ,'''I was always interested in fashion and beauty. I was fifteen when I was scouted in a flea market. Two years later, I arrived in New York. I was in awe because it was like another planet.''' ,'''Being confident in your own skin is very sexy. I think when you have fun and are yourself that is sexy too.''' ,'''I grew up in a farm in South Africa and I was scouted there and they sent me to Europe. It's kind of been blessed, since then it happened all so fast.''' ,'''At school I got teased because I was so thin and awkward-looking. But the girls on TV looked similar to me. I would say to my mum, 'The girls at school are teasing me, but I look like those girls on TV.'''' ,'''I'd like to one day be featured on a list of inspirational people who have made a difference in the world, whether it be helping underprivileged people or putting an end to the poaching of wildlife in Africa.''' ,'''My ideal Valentine's Day is spending it with someone you are in love with and for that someone to make you feel loved and appreciated.''' ,'''I feel if I'm healthy and happy, I look good. With a good mixture of fitness and healthy food I always feel great!''' ,'''Most women find a man with good manners sexy.''' ,'''I was very skinny, braces; so I never thought I would be a model.''' ,'''No one knows anything about the fashion industry in Brazil. They don't care what you do. They just want the beach and the sun and the fun. I feel the freest and the happiest there.''' ,'''I like a man who looks like a bad boy but knows how to treat a woman like a queen.''' ,]
+++