+++
author = "Lamarcus Aldridge"
title = "Lamarcus Aldridge Quotes"
quotes_len = "63"
description = "the best 63 Lamarcus Aldridge Quotes"
keywords = "lamarcus aldridge,lamarcus aldridge quotes,lamarcus aldridge quote,lamarcus aldridge sayings,lamarcus aldridge saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do love being at home. But when it's forced, it's a little bit different.''' ,'''When I think about it, it's kind of weird, but I do take shots without looking at the rim sometimes.''' ,'''I want to win a ring, get better and try to learn.''' ,'''I like my little shell. I like my little circle of three or four people that I'm close to. I think that comes off as bad to people that don't really know my personality.''' ,'''I feel that teams with players who are very close end up winning.''' ,'''When I shoot, I'm square with the rim.''' ,'''I'm a fighter. So if you're going to doubt me or say that I can't do something, I'm going to prove to you I can do it.''' ,'''Since I've gotten stronger, I can hold a guy off and get a rebound.''' ,'''I've been told that I've shot the ball a lot better since I've been injured, so that's kind of weird.''' ,'''I'm actually a better passer out of the post than I am in pick-and-rolls.''' ,'''It was never about trying to make the All-Star Game. It's about being back at that high level to help a team win.''' ,'''The issue you have with two competitive guys being brought up the same way is that you don't have one person who goes out of his way to make a relationship.''' ,'''When I'm going good, there's not one guy who won't give me the ball.''' ,'''I've always been a workout type guy. So if I'm feeling down or I'm not happy with something, I go to the gym and I get a shot of energy.''' ,'''The Spurs really are a family.''' ,'''When I was born, the umbilical cord came wrapped around my neck, so when I came out, I wasn't breathing.''' ,'''When I got to the NBA, picking and popping came so natural for me.''' ,'''I miss playing basketball and the city of Portland and the Rose Garden.''' ,'''I came from poverty and a tough household where we didn't have enough money to really eat, to where I am now. I know it was God giving me the guidance.''' ,'''I feel like everything with me gets blown out of proportion. I think it's because I'm so quiet about things that people just run with anything they hear.''' ,'''I think my wingspan helps me out on defense, because I can cover a little more ground and block a few more shots.''' ,'''I'm a private person; I'm pretty to myself.''' ,'''I grew up in low-income areas and I've seen people take negative energy and just accept it. They give into and end up living a pretty rough life. At a young age, I just knew I wasn't going to give in because I didn't want to end up being one of those people in the neighborhood that didn't have anything and lived a hard life.''' ,'''I'm from Texas.''' ,'''I think working so hard in Portland to earn the right to have it be my team and to have my own team over the years and try to play at a high level, that was hard-earned.''' ,'''I've always had a very cordial relationship with Kobe.''' ,'''I've been playing NBA Live since I was little, and I won't lie, I always play with the team with the highest rating.''' ,'''I knew I wasn't soft. I knew I could play on this level and I knew that being in the paint was just a physical position that I wasn't strong enough for. I wanted to get myself strong enough where I could be dominant down there.''' ,'''As I get slower and older, I'm going to shoot more threes.''' ,'''If you believe in God, you shouldn't worry. I know I'm one of His children and that He will stand by me.''' ,'''I struggle with playing low minutes and trying to keep a rhythm. I've just never been able to do it.''' ,'''Man, I'm pretty spoiled in San Antonio. I don't do media every day.''' ,'''My long arms help me as I try to become more versatile.''' ,'''You have to do your job and put your best foot forward and focus on what you have to do to win.''' ,'''I think since I've focussed on my form more my shot has been better.''' ,'''My coach, Robert Allen, helped me a lot. He had more influence on my growth as a player than anyone else.''' ,'''I love video games. I had a Sega Genesis and a Nintendo 64 growing up, and I've had every 'NBA Live' that has ever come out.''' ,'''My biggest thing I've learned is just putting time into getting ready. When we're young, you just go on the court and just hoop. But I think as you get older, it's more about, making sure everything is firing and making sure everything is ready to go and warmed up.''' ,'''It's an offensive foul if you go into the defender's body, but if I fade and a guy runs into my leg, it's a foul.''' ,'''When I was younger, I used to spend a lot of time either by myself or with my mom. But when I hit high school, she really became one of my close friends.''' ,'''I want to be the best Blazer - ever.''' ,'''I see myself as a pretty mobile big man.''' ,'''The key to win is playing defense.''' ,'''I've had to fight through a lot of adversity, but I just kept fighting.''' ,'''I'm a mid-range guy and most teams give that up, but that's what I do.''' ,'''I'm probably one of the most misunderstood people in the league.''' ,'''I feel like, I go out and play hard every day and I'm going to practice every day, I'm going to block shots.''' ,'''I don't like change.''' ,'''Some days, you wake up with extra energy, that extra juice.''' ,'''I feel bad saying this but, I can't eat that because I'm on a diet. So, if I'm eating breakfast tacos, I'm not going to play well.''' ,'''My first car was an '86 Honda Prelude. It was redone, so it had a new motor, new paint, rims... but it wasn't nearly as much as my Range Rover.''' ,'''I think I play well getting up and down the court.''' ,'''I don't like new environments. I don't like being around a lot of new people. It makes me uncomfortable.''' ,'''When I was really rolling in Portland, I was top five in minutes.''' ,'''I feel like, of course, Portland didn't want me to leave, but I feel like at the end of the day it's good to have a fresh start.''' ,'''I love Portland and I have so much history there and I knew it like the back of my hand, so the decision to leave was never easy.''' ,'''I can see that when I talk, guys listen.''' ,'''I don't forget nothing. It's a vault up here.''' ,'''I think every player wants to be wanted.''' ,'''I feel like I've made some good memories in San Antonio. I feel like I'm in a really good family in San Antonio. They understand me. I understand them.''' ,'''I'm in the process of building a separate house behind my house, just for shoes. Like a little show room.''' ,'''I really enjoy being out on the court and going through the grind and battling. That's something a video game can't do for you.''' ,'''I'm definitely not one to prolong things and drag it out, that's not really my personality.''' ,]
+++