+++
author = "Rajesh Roshan"
title = "Rajesh Roshan Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Rajesh Roshan Quotes"
keywords = "rajesh roshan,rajesh roshan quotes,rajesh roshan quote,rajesh roshan sayings,rajesh roshan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In the earlier days, people used to be very emotional about making films. There used to be a great friendship between music directors and directors; today that is missing.''' ,'''I have learnt a lot from my brother and he too has learnt a lot from me. It has been a wonderful journey for both of us. We convince each other all the time with our view points and finally work as a team and not as individuals.''' ,'''The track 'Fire' is quite different from the other songs in 'Kites.'''' ,'''The proper thing to do would have been to first ask my consent before remixing 'Mungda.'''' ,''''Fire' was the most difficult and challenging track. It has the effects of trance music, which is not easy to create and that is something I haven't indulged in before.''' ,'''Rakesh is very strict and he will never use suggestive words in a song. Yes, he wants modern melodies but he wants the lyrics to be clean.''' ,'''If I make a film it won't be for commercial reasons.''' ,'''I'm very comfortable working with my brother. There are no ego hassles. Also, we all strive for perfection; so there is no compromise on creativity. I found my niche while working with Rakesh.''' ,'''The law is against us music composers. We have no legal control over our compositions. Music companies are selling our songs to producers at throwaway prices. We are helpless.''' ,'''I was great friends with Rakesh Kumar, B. Naggi Reddy and Yash Chopra.''' ,'''A composer like me finds it impossible to work with today's producers. They want to tell you exactly how to compose, which notes to play, which rhythms to put in which part of the song.''' ,'''How can I be happy when my songs are converted into a circus?''' ,'''Even earlier there were songs where I was not finding appropriate voices, but still I overlooked that and didn't get the perfect voice to sing it. Now I won't do that.''' ,'''Since I'm comfortable with my family, I work with them but it's not that I'm averse to others.''' ,'''I am used to working in an environment of complete freedom.''' ,'''Hrithik is a great help to me while I compose the music for our films. He gives his inputs to us. He sits with me and learns a lot about music too. He is very fond of learning and very involved in the filmmaking process.''' ,'''Today's singers don't have the time and are very restless and they want to record and just run away.''' ,'''I think there is less of inspiration and more of perspiration in the music industry.''' ,'''I need creative satisfaction and only then I can move in as a director.''' ,'''New writers don't throw tantrums, they have time. I can make them work on one song for a week.''' ,'''During the '80s when I was peaking in my career, I was a heavy drinker and would not be in control post my drinks at times. I used to be a tough husband to live with and had a bad temper. But I have now learnt to control both my drinks and my temper.''' ,'''Evergreen songs are not made overnight. They are cultivated and nurtured and born out of creative conflicts.''' ,'''You must have that gold in you to become a Hrithik Roshan. And I am sure that Shah Rukh and Salman will have that too because you can't become a star otherwise.''' ,'''I remember when the great composer Madan Mohan had suddenly passed away, the producer-director H.S. Rawail had approached me to complete three of the pending songs in the Rishi Kapoor-Ranjeeta starrer 'Laila Majnu.' I refused saying I am not worthy of sharing a soundtrack with a genius like Madan Mohan saab.''' ,'''I just don't feel like composing music for films because I find there is too much pretense in the industry and creativity has been replaced by the sole thought of making money.''' ,'''RD Burman was one of the greatest and yet in the end, even his closest friends left him and he was all alone. So I do feel every music man should not be just only in music but should have an alternate career.''' ,'''My music has been a hit all through my career since 1973.''' ,'''I love composing songs for Hrithik because he is a talented dancer.''' ,'''We've managed a hat trick with 'Kaho Na Pyar Hai,' 'Koi Mil Gaya' and 'Krrish.'''' ,'''New lyric writers have become an asset for me. I gave Naseer Faraz a break in 'Aetbaar' and he was up for several awards.''' ,'''Till 'Kaho Na Pyaar Hai,' I was involved in everything from casting to scripting. Then I shifted to a separate house.''' ,'''I can't go to a party and just smile at people and walk away. There are big actors, directors who come to a party and stay for not more than 20 minutes. They have a knack for making a quick exit but I have not been successful in doing that. So I try to avoid such gatherings.''' ,'''I can't be bullied by producers.''' ,''''KNPH' became a hit. But unfortunately for me, I then got my first heart attack.''' ,]
+++