+++
author = "Hayden Fry"
title = "Hayden Fry Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Hayden Fry Quotes"
keywords = "hayden fry,hayden fry quotes,hayden fry quote,hayden fry sayings,hayden fry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You just witnessed an old-fashioned rump kicking.''' ,'''Welcome to the Salvation Army. I've never been associated with an offense so nice about giving the ball away.''' ,'''When it's football season, I'm all football.''' ,'''We have to be realistic. If we don't win, life will continue.''' ,'''The preparation I had in college was the most valuable.''' ,'''If you stay with this game long enough, the worm is bound to turn.''' ,'''You can't control people. You must understand them. You have to know where they're coming from, their beliefs and values, what turns them off, what they're against.''' ,'''We changed our image. At least when we ran out on the field or broke the huddle, we would look like winners.''' ,'''We probably spend more time talking about individual players in our coaching sessions than anything else.''' ,'''I'll be here in my home with three big screens. I'll be watching three games at a time, and when they're over, I'll look at three more.''' ,'''We're the only dance in town. We don't compete with any professional teams for the entertainment dollar.''' ,'''The people who run a university are far more qualified and intelligent in handling people than someone who inherited his money and used it to buy a pro team.''' ,'''I learned a great many things in the Marines that helped me as a football coach. The Marines train men hard and to do things the right way, just as a football team must train.''' ,'''I wanted the players to feel like they were part of a family, to be conscious of that controlled togetherness as they made that slow entrance onto the field. It had a great psychological effect on the opposing team, too. They'd never seen anything like it.''' ,'''In football, like in life, you must learn to play within the rules of the game.''' ,'''How can a coach have any influence over a player that's making over five times more than he is?''' ,'''We'll take what the other team gives us. We'll scratch where it itches.''' ,]
+++