+++
author = "Jessica Long"
title = "Jessica Long Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jessica Long Quotes"
keywords = "jessica long,jessica long quotes,jessica long quote,jessica long sayings,jessica long saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's something about it to me, the feeling of the water, and feeling, I don't know, equal, and like everyone else. Which is kind of funny because I didn't actually start swimming right away as a sport.''' ,'''All of my life, I've loved proving people wrong.''' ,'''There was a time I used to focus on just being skinny, and now I really think about how can I be strong.''' ,'''I love routines and love having something to look forward to.''' ,'''When I first began competing, brands were quite hesitant to feature disabled athletes in advertisements, perhaps due to a fear of offending consumers.''' ,'''My legs are heavy. They hurt me. I'm in pain So to all the handicap police out there, just be kind. You don't need to know why someone's parked in handicapped - and yeah, just be kind.''' ,'''One of the very first fashion features where I appeared without my prosthetic legs was in ELLE magazine's publication, 'Gold Rush.'''' ,'''When I started I only swam freestyle, and did just freestyle in my first Paralympics.''' ,'''I love swimming, but I love knowing that kids see me as an inspiration.''' ,'''I just feel so much love towards my family.''' ,'''If you're not in the right classification, you're basically stealing funding and opportunities from other people. This is not the NFL. There's only so much money to go around.''' ,'''It would be really cool to teleport.''' ,'''At age 4 I started in gymnastics and used that as an outlet for my endless energy for several years.''' ,'''It's so nice to go to a friend's house and sleep over, stay up as late as I want.''' ,'''One athlete I absolutely love is Melissa Stockwell.''' ,'''I really love to sleep. I think that's an amputee thing because I'm exhausted throughout the day.''' ,'''Sometimes 15 minutes of putting in a deep conditioner or doing my makeup are all I need to feel good.''' ,'''I enjoy my own company.''' ,'''I sit down in a chair, and I take off my two heavy little prosthetic legs and I crawl on my knees to the edge of the pool and I just jumped in, and I just instantly loved it.''' ,'''I'm a big SkinCeuticals girl. I use their hyaluronic acid when my skin is a little wet, and I let it soak in.''' ,'''I always said, as soon as I stopped loving this sport is when I probably will retire.''' ,'''I have trained so so hard to be where I am at - I train with Olympic athletes and if I'm struggling to get to the top then there is something wrong.''' ,'''I always loved the water. It's a place I can just take off these heavy prosthetics and just jump in the water and feel no different.''' ,'''I know I'm enough with or without the gold medals. I just love to swim.''' ,'''Before the Paralympic movement I definitely didn't like wearing shorts because people would stare at me.''' ,'''After a Paralympic Games, I usually take a few months off to enjoy life or go on a family vacation.''' ,'''I'm a leap year baby.''' ,'''Something that really irritates me is when I come to a four-way stop, and I clearly have the right of way, and the other person who doesn't have the right of way waves for me to go. I'm like, 'Yeah, I know I can go.'''' ,'''I love swimming, but swimming can't be my entire identity, my entire world.''' ,'''I tried my hardest to stay fit and active during quarantine. I went to my PT office four to five times a week. I did weights, a stationary bike, a rowing machine, and lots of abs.''' ,'''I'm a big vitamins girl. I take iron because, especially being a female athlete, I have to make sure iron levels are good to go.''' ,'''All my life I have had to fight to catch up with people. But not in the water. That's the one place where everyone else is trying to keep up with me!''' ,'''At 18 months old, both of my lower legs were amputated so I could be fitted with prosthetic legs and learn to walk.''' ,'''The Paralympics have given me so much, and I know what this sport can do for a young kid when it's at its best.''' ,'''I love taking Epsom salt baths.''' ,'''I love putting on a candle, reading a book, and just taking a second for me.''' ,'''Each year the excitement and the build-up for the Paralympics Games has grown more and more.''' ,'''I feel like Rio 2016 was my worst performance, and really my burnout.''' ,'''Like in Athens, it went by so fast and I mean, I remember it being like the best trip ever. And I am so excited for Beijing. Like at Opening Ceremonies when you walk out with your whole team and you are all marching and they light the torch, I mean - it is so exciting.''' ,'''Everyone had a loss or lost something during COVID. I allowed myself to take long baths, watch cheesy movies, and just tried to slow down, and I made sure to maintain my mental health.''' ,'''My parents in America always told me that I was adopted. It's never been a secret to me.''' ,'''You didn't have to tell a girl with no legs that she, you know, I knew I was different. I was missing half of my body. But I really had incredible parents who really taught me that, you know, God has always had a special a plan for me.''' ,'''Putting on shoes with my prosthetic legs is still hard for me, but at the end of the day, I'm just putting on really tall shoes.''' ,'''It's great to be No. 1, but it's even greater to inspire people.''' ,'''I don't have anything to prove.''' ,'''I remember being really angry. I remember not wanting anything to do with God, and I was going in for surgeries every three months. And I mean, all I ever heard was God made me this way and I was like, 'Hmm, I don't think I like that.'''' ,'''In 2018 I really hurt my back, my lower back, and it's been a couple of years where we finally found out that I have an extra vertebra in my back.''' ,'''I've been a bilateral amputee since birth and don't know anything else.''' ,'''Overall, I believe there has been a significant shift in the acceptance and appreciation of Paralympic athletes, but we still have a long way to go.''' ,'''Before I step on a starting block, I will clap three times and shake out my arms twice. I don't feel ready to race unless I do that.''' ,'''I'm older. I'm 29. How many people stick with this sport? Dedication, consistency, it's very hard.''' ,'''Here in Tokyo, this is one of my favorite Paralympics I've ever attended.''' ,'''Younger kids will sometimes tease me, and that bothers me a little, but eventually I don't care.''' ,'''The water has always been a place of freedom, safety, but also feeling really strong and capable.''' ,'''The last five years I've really worked on my mental health and seeing a therapist - which, it's so funny cause I thought that in going into therapy, I was going to talk all about swimming, and if anything, I never talk about swimming.''' ,'''When I'm sad, I let myself be sad, but at the same time, I've been finding ways to pick myself back up.''' ,'''As soon as we landed in Tokyo, that's when I was like, OK. I really want to bring home a gold medal.'''' ,'''My career and my life was one that probably wasn't supposed to be.''' ,'''Growing up, I was one of those energetic kids who never sat still.''' ,'''I'd love to see the 200s, the 50s, the 400 IM. I would do so many events.''' ,'''I have never viewed myself as disabled.''' ,'''For swimming, we don't really have an offseason.''' ,'''It's really awesome to come back home and be recognized for the hard work.''' ,'''It's never been just about me. It's about my grandparents who used to drive me to swim practice. My dad who - on his one day to sleep in - would take me to swim meets. My mom and my sisters who would massage my aching shoulders when I was little There have been so many people who have believed in me when I didn't believe in myself.''' ,'''I've always just been really really active and I never wanted my legs to hold me back.''' ,'''The idea that I got to be on a team with Trischa Zorn - as a 12-year-old - is wild to me.''' ,'''I had the freedom to be alone with myself, completely unlimited by my circumstances or my body while doing what I loved. I think that's why I took to swimming with such ease.''' ,'''For me, I don't kick because I don't have legs.''' ,'''I didn't think anybody else in the entire world looked like me.''' ,'''My identity is in Christ, and I really hope that I show that with just my character, the way that I do things on the pool deck.''' ,'''I don't know anyone who has made it through this life with it being super easy. Life is hard.''' ,'''You're still a person with or without that gold medal. It just represents the hard work.''' ,'''I used to not wear shorts in the summer time. I just wanted to hide it and wear long pants. Then after the Paralympics, I saw how the other athletes handled missing an arm or a leg and they didn't care. That was what I needed to see.''' ,'''I think in today's world, we're so busy, and we're so distracted. But it's also really important to slow down.''' ,'''I really want to share my story, but also make Paralympics more well known.''' ,'''Everyone had legs. Even my younger sisters both had legs. It was hard to comprehend what I did wrong: Why me? Then I found out about the Paralympics. It really did completely change my life.''' ,'''It's important that people can be themselves and live a normal life that's not defined by a disability.''' ,'''I got married in October 2019, so all of 2019, I was planning my wedding.''' ,'''I think here in the U.S., we have a hard time accepting disabilities. That's why I think it's really good to share and let kids know that its not a disability, it's an ability. You have an ability to inspire others.''' ,'''I'd love the gold and that's what I'm obviously going for, but if I never bring home another gold in my life, I am more than enough.''' ,'''I don't mind if adults stare. They should really know about my physical situation.''' ,'''I really live for the racing, the moments in those races where everything slows down even though you're swimming as fast as possible.''' ,'''I always loved pretending I was a fish or a mermaid while swimming in my grandparents' pool.''' ,'''I met my sister Nastya, and saw that I looked very much like her. Nastya is just a year younger than I am.''' ,'''I was never bullied as a kid, and I didn't know that I was going to be bullied by adults because I park in handicapped. And I get it - I'm young and athletic - but I'm also missing legs.''' ,'''Bedtime is truly one of my favorite times.''' ,'''I am so grateful that respected global swimwear brand Arena stepped up to support U.S. Paralympics as a supplier. They also sponsor me individually, as their first Paralympic swimmer.''' ,'''Swimming, it's the best job.''' ,'''There are things out of my control and that fuels my fire.''' ,'''I fell in love with this idea of becoming a swimmer. I knew two strokes at the time but I went and I just loved racing these girls with legs.''' ,'''There was a time in 2008 where no one really wanted to talk to the Paralympic athletes.''' ,'''Maybe it's part of being an athlete, but I feel like we're really good, especially in swimming, about just pushing things down and pushing ahead.''' ,'''There was so much pain. Every time I grew, I had to go back in for a surgery. And I remember just being really, really scared but also, like, knowing exactly what to do. Like as a 3-year-old, I knew to crawl on top of the operating table.''' ,'''Sometimes people look at people with disabilities and there's a moment where they just feel sorry for them.''' ,'''Winning gold medals is incredible and obviously it's what I want to do, but there's something so special about having a little girl who has just lost her leg from cancer come up and tell me I'm her hero.''' ,'''Every Sunday after church we would go over to my grandparents' house and spend time with them and they had a pool in their backyard, and I would like eat as fast as I could just so I could be the first one in the pool. And then I would be the last one out.''' ,'''When I look back on my life, I'm like, 'Oh my gosh, have I swum the entire world? How many miles have I actually swam?'''' ,'''Swimming was truly a way that I just felt that freedom from all of those surgeries and the pain.''' ,'''Swimming forced me to deal with the things I wanted to escape. It helped me work through a lot of feelings and frustrations, because I had hours under water just to swim laps and think.''' ,'''As a 12-year-old when I won my first gold in Athens, I wanted people to know what the Paralympic games were.''' ,]
+++