+++
author = "Serena Williams"
title = "Serena Williams Quotes"
quotes_len = "79"
description = "the best 79 Serena Williams Quotes"
keywords = "serena williams,serena williams quotes,serena williams quote,serena williams sayings,serena williams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Having a pulmonary embolism is definitely easier than heart break.''' ,'''You can be whatever size you are, and you can be beautiful both inside and out. We're always told what's beautiful and what's not, and that's not right.''' ,'''I think it's bad when people start booing between serves.''' ,'''Someone like Billie Jean King is completely my idol.''' ,'''I'm a perfectionist. I'm pretty much insatiable. I feel there's so many things I can improve on.''' ,'''How many people yell at linespeople? I see it happening all the time. I don't know how many times I have seen that happen.''' ,'''I love who I am, and I encourage other people to love and embrace who they are. But it definitely wasn't easy - it took me a while.''' ,'''My story isn't over... This is just a new part of my life. My baby is going to be in the stands - hopefully cheering for me and not crying too much!''' ,'''I definitely have found a balance. I've had so many offers in the past to do different movies or different things and I always choose tournaments over it.''' ,'''When you're playing the best player in the world, you've got to play well.''' ,'''Once I serve well, my whole game goes up.''' ,'''I'm an unbelievable designer.''' ,'''My dad is a marketing mastermind.''' ,'''If you can keep playing tennis when somebody is shooting a gun down the street, that's concentration.''' ,'''I've always enjoyed acting. When we were younger, my sisters and I would put on plays for our parents.''' ,'''Tennis just a game, family is forever.''' ,'''All my life I'd woken up to tennis, tennis, tennis. Even if I don't go to practise, I'm thinking about it all day.''' ,'''What's going to make me happy is going on the court and holding up trophies, singles and doubles.''' ,'''I try not to have too many rituals because I believe that rituals don't help you win. I used to do rituals a lot and it was crazy.''' ,'''I am here to play women's tennis. I'm a lady. Predominantly, most of the time I always like to play ladies.''' ,'''I've never been over-dramatic in my whole career.''' ,'''I'm definitely not at my best. Honestly, I'm under 50 percent. But I've won stuff under 50 percent before.''' ,'''Honestly, I don't read the press. I don't know what they're saying.''' ,'''Venus told me the other day that champions don't get nervous in tight situations. That really helped me a lot. I decided I shouldn't get nervous and just do the best I can.''' ,'''My mom taught me how to sew when I was 2 or 3, so I've been sewing for as long as I can remember.''' ,'''We're going in really fresh. We're going to have fresh legs and bodies, we're going to be able to stay the distance, and that's our goal.''' ,'''I've always considered myself the best and the top. I never considered that I was out of it.''' ,'''Tennis is my job, but it's not my life.''' ,'''I've developed a karaoke habit. I've become a crooner.''' ,'''People see me on the court only as a superhero, grunting and winning. They think you're a robot, and I'm not.''' ,'''I don't know if I've had my share of drama, but I've definitely had my share of hard times.''' ,'''I always say that when I'm playing well, no one can beat me. I'm not just saying that to sound full of myself or anything, but it's true.''' ,'''I'm really super feminine, and I'm really soft. I'm very sensitive, I realized.''' ,'''I'm super-curvy.''' ,'''When I'm down, I talk to myself a lot. I look crazy because I'm constantly having an argument with myself.''' ,'''I'm Serena Williams on the court, but away I have so many different names. I call myself Butterfly.''' ,'''I want to be a giving woman and just a nice person in general.''' ,'''I've had to learn to fight all my life - got to learn to keep smiling. If you smile things will work out.''' ,'''I hate losing.''' ,'''My school was really small, but I was called the Class Clown!''' ,'''People want more fit arms, but my arms are too fit. But I'm not complaining. They pay my bills.''' ,'''No one likes getting their nails done more than I do.''' ,'''I decided I can't pay a person to rewind time, so I may as well get over it.''' ,'''My dad is the nicest guy you'll ever meet, and the easiest going.''' ,'''I'm really exciting. I smile a lot, I win a lot, and I'm really sexy.''' ,'''I do want to look good still; I do want to be healthy.''' ,'''I've always been a fighter and I've always fought through things my whole life.''' ,'''I feel as a brand I'm here to be around for a long time.''' ,'''I've thought it would be cool to have a baby young. You know, be my road dog - like my dogs, they travel the world - but there's always something you have to give up for success. Everything comes at a cost. Just what are you willing to pay for it?''' ,'''If I step on a scale, I won't eat for five months.''' ,'''I'm not used to crying. It's a little difficult. All my life I've had to fight. It's just another fight I'm going to have to learn how to win, that's all. I'm just going to have to keep smiling.''' ,'''I was just tired of losing... Life was passing me by.''' ,'''I think a smile can make your whole body. Models, they look fabulous, but they don't smile, and they look so mad.''' ,'''When I was younger, I was always obsessed with nails.''' ,'''I'm so frugal, you wouldn't believe it.''' ,'''I love my dogs.''' ,'''I love designing dresses and tops.''' ,'''I feel like I'm really young and I'm only thinking about my career and continuing playing.''' ,'''I'm an athlete and I'm black, and a lot of black athletes go broke. I do not want to become a statistic, so maybe I overcompensate. But I'm paranoid. Oprah told me a long time ago, 'You sign every check. Never let anyone sign any checks.'''' ,'''I want to knock on people's doors and preach. But I also meet a lot of people on planes and in restaurants, and you can preach with them or place some literature with them.''' ,'''Since I don't look like every other girl, it takes a while to be okay with that. To be different. But different is good.''' ,'''It's always good to get a smaller tournament under your belt so that by the time you get to the Slams, you have a lot of experience.''' ,'''The knee just isn't 100 percent. It's hard to be out there when you know that you can't play at your best and could potentially make it worse.''' ,'''I love going to movies.''' ,'''To this day, I don't love my arms. People want more fit arms, but my arms are too fit. But I'm not complaining. They pay my bills.''' ,'''If anything, you know, I think losing makes me even more motivated.''' ,'''I am not a robot. I have a heart and I bleed.''' ,'''Family's first, and that's what matters most. We realize that our love goes deeper than the tennis game.''' ,'''I wanted to get really fit. I wanted to lose some weight. So I've been doing Pilates and yoga, trying to lean out my body so I won't be bulky.''' ,'''I'm thankful to my family, friends, and fans for all of their support.''' ,'''Hopefully, we can build a rivalry and we'll be able to do this a lot. Make a legacy, then retire champions.''' ,'''I'm definitely not a fearless individual.''' ,'''Everyone's dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard.''' ,'''I love going shopping.''' ,'''I love tennis more than designing because it's actually easier and I don't get nearly as nervous.''' ,'''I'm a real extrovert, but when I'm round someone new, I'm super shy.''' ,'''I'm totally human.''' ,'''Luck has nothing to do with it, because I have spent many, many hours, countless hours, on the court working for my one moment in time, not knowing when it would come.''' ,'''There's one thing I'm really good at, and that's hitting the ball over a net, in a box. I'm excellent.''' ,]
+++