+++
author = "Stella Maxwell"
title = "Stella Maxwell Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Stella Maxwell Quotes"
keywords = "stella maxwell,stella maxwell quotes,stella maxwell quote,stella maxwell sayings,stella maxwell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like to wear something expensive with something that's not.''' ,'''My parents are angels. They've always been encouraging of anything I do. Total support, 100 percent.''' ,'''I can't live without coconut oil.''' ,'''Having a lot of friends and family around you - that's all a part of wellness.''' ,'''The atmosphere of a shoot is so intimate, while a show is more of a celebration of that designer and their work and the models coming together to walk in the clothing and present the frocks in their unique way.''' ,'''A perfect handbag is both functional and stylish. Of course you want to look cool, but you also want a bag that is going to work with you, not against you.''' ,'''I love being outside; I love being in nature and exercising like that, other than in a gym in New York.''' ,'''I'm really into oat milk.''' ,'''I try to always eat a balanced diet. I never try to change it too much.''' ,'''Confidence is something you have to embrace.''' ,'''I had a friend that was really passionate about yoga, and she let me come with her to a couple of her classes - I just got really into it. The more you practise, the better you get. It's an hour when I'm not thinking about anything except breathing.''' ,'''Eating right is a natural defense against the sun. Sweet potatoes, dark chocolate, pomegranates, leafy greens, almonds, and teas all help against the sun. Otherwise, 100 SPF will do.''' ,'''Every shoot's cool and a new experience, so I try to absorb everything and everyone I can.''' ,'''If I wasn't a model, I don't know what I'd do, but I would be working just as hard at whatever it was.''' ,'''I'm up at 6 A.M. and start my day with 20 minutes of meditation.''' ,'''I love the brands I'm signed to, and I'm lucky enough to have loyal, high-fashion clients that I work with every season. It's a blast.''' ,'''I believe that thinking positively and envisioning the best possible outcome can add to your achievements.''' ,'''I do hikes; I do swimming.''' ,'''Rosewater & Glycerin spray is amazing as a mist. I get it at health food stores. It smells good and is really hydrating.''' ,'''I like to do varied exercises, even just going for a hike with my friends or taking my dog for a walk, then going to see my trainer or going to yoga.''' ,'''Being confident without makeup is sexy.''' ,'''People forget that Instagram is there for fun, and I try not to lose sight of that. It's not as serious as everyone thinks it is.''' ,'''I love yoga. I'll film a class with my teacher, bring my mat with me, and just do it anywhere.''' ,'''When I first started working with Victoria's Secret, I wanted to get stronger. That was something I wanted to build on and really be as strong and powerful as I could be. Working with Victoria's Secret, I started really thinking about my body and my muscles.''' ,'''I've bleached my brows and things like that, but otherwise, I just let them be.''' ,'''For me, the runway is fun. I try to just chill out and look at faces in the crowd if I can.''' ,'''I always like to feel comfortable and to dress how I feel.''' ,'''For me, it feels empowering to walk down a runway in my underwear!''' ,'''Dream food day, hmm - maybe a hamburger and fries, but honestly, it's not really a dream because I tend to eat what I want to for the most part.''' ,'''Day to day, I like to be comfortable. I definitely wear too many jeans; I have so many at home. But I like the whole dress-up thing, too. It's nice to do a little bit of both.''' ,'''I have a trainer, so i just go see him whenever I can.''' ,'''I like my denim to fit a bit relaxed and feel a bit worn in.''' ,'''I love my family more than anything.''' ,'''Belgium is half French-speaking and half Flemish, and I was born on the French side. So we spoke it a lot - like, in kindergarten, it was almost all French. But then I moved to New Zealand when I was 10, where we obviously spoke English all the time, so I lost the French a little bit.''' ,'''I think looking after your mental and physical health is key to confidence, because they go hand in hand. Meditation, doing some yoga, working out always makes me feel more confident in my own skin.''' ,'''I see it like, I've been working really hard for a long time, and I've accomplished a lot of what I've wanted to professionally. I've been really blessed, and that's all I look at.''' ,'''Modelling, for me, I find that it's like acting.''' ,'''VS is a family. Everyone loves each other.''' ,'''I really watch reruns of 'The Golden Girls' to get all my style tips.''' ,'''I think everybody goes through insecurities when they're younger, and everybody has to grow into their body.''' ,'''I was actually in New Zealand studying, and I just got discovered. I was with my friend shopping, and this woman came up to me and was like, 'Would you like to come in? I own an agency.'''' ,'''For me, off-duty hair means no products. I have people touching my hair almost every day, so when I'm not working, I try to let my hair relax.''' ,'''I love to just throw on a leather jacket with jean shorts and a T-shirt, or I'll pair a menswear-inspired blazer with jeans for a casual but chic look.''' ,'''I've been doing a lot of yoga because it really centres me - mentally as well as physically. It's just an hour of my day that's always positive, and I always come out in a better mood.''' ,'''I just try to eat a little bit of everything - moderation is key with diet.''' ,'''I like to scrub everything down because I've usually got so much makeup and body makeup and products on. I have to shower every day.''' ,'''Beauty really has such a wide field of interpretation. I guess that's why it's forever fascinating.''' ,'''My favorite place in the world is L.A. It's my home.''' ,'''I'm kind of obsessed with Instagram. I like the fact that you can really express yourself. Obviously, there are limits, but you can always show a lot of your personality and day to day things that no one would ever know.''' ,'''My first beauty moment was when I was probably four years old. My sister and I snuck into my mom's room and got into her makeup. We put on blush and lipstick and eyeshadow. I will always remember that day.''' ,'''My beauty icon is the love between my mother and father.''' ,'''Victoria's Secret have an instant bronzing gel; that's what they use on all our shoots.''' ,'''I keep my personal life personal. I don't talk about it.''' ,'''I kind of feel like a global citizen - wherever I go, I have friends, so I don't get too lonely.''' ,'''I always wear my Lip Lights gloss from the Karl Lagerfeld and ModelCo line. I like this brownish pink called St. Tropez Sunset. It's like a take on your own lip colour but not too heightened. If I'm going out, I do the red.''' ,'''Your outlook is pretty happy and positive after yoga. It's a good way to open up and center.''' ,'''My parents are both from Belfast. I have an Irish passport and a British passport, and I go back every summer and every Christmas, and sometimes I pop over during the year to say hi, and, of course, celebrate St. Patrick's Day.''' ,'''I've always taken care of myself since I was young. I've always been active and eaten really well.''' ,'''I was actually born in Belgium and lived there until I was 11, then moved to Australia for a year, then moved to New Zealand, so I only lived there from when I was 12 to 18.''' ,'''I like to just live my life in a very real way.''' ,'''There's some really good vegan protein shakes you can get, and I'm a big fan of matcha lattes instead of having espresso.''' ,'''I used to be terrible and go to bed with my make-up on, and that's just not good for your skin.''' ,'''I know I was not the hottest chick at school!''' ,'''Yoga is a great thing to do because you can just practice it by yourself in your hotel.''' ,'''Wellness is associated with happiness. When you're happy, you're feeling good in your mind and body. That ties into being healthy, eating well, and exercising regularly. It also ties into being excited about things - like getting up in the morning and having a healthy breakfast.''' ,'''Sometimes, when you roll out of bed, you don't want to be photographed by the paparazzi. Usually you like to know when you're being photographed. I've learnt that, as a public figure, you have to up your game and be prepared. Ideally, you try not to roll out of bed without brushing your hair - just chuck a brush through it, make a little effort.''' ,'''I love to show fans what I'm excited about and to get them excited.''' ,'''If your diet is good, it definitely helps your skin.''' ,'''Exercise is great for your mental health!''' ,'''I really am not a material girl.''' ,'''Throughout the years I've been working as a model, I've gathered lots of information on the process of creating fashion without even trying.''' ,'''Having a healthy body and healthy mind is always something I think about.''' ,'''Positivity helps with everything in life.''' ,'''I prefer flats to heels. I donate shoes I'm not wearing anymore.''' ,'''I don't feel awake in the morning unless I've showered.''' ,'''I really like Bioderma. I really like to wipe my face with it, like, every night.''' ,'''All my family look Irish. They act Irish. My sister even has red hair... it's crazy. I'm the one that doesn't seem Irish. None of the kids in my family, my siblings, speak with an Irish accent... we've never lived there full-time; we weren't born there. We just go there once or twice a year. It's weird. Our parents sound Irish, but we don't.''' ,'''When something's really rad, I'm like, 'That's wicked.'''' ,'''I try to just, you know, make sure I wash my face in the morning and at night before I sleep.''' ,'''I have a knack for always ending up in L.A. whenever I have some days off, because I really like going there... and I really like hanging out on the beach and all the hiking and opportunities and things you can do outside.''' ,'''Your personality counts for a lot and how you are to work with.''' ,'''Change your routine regularly because your body gets used it, and it won't benefit you after a while. Mix it up - legs, arms and butt - so you work your total body and stay balanced.''' ,'''I really like walking for brands where I like the clothes, because it's a big part of the whole thing.''' ,'''I travel a lot, so it's hard to always fit in a workout.''' ,'''I like doing weights and cardio and some jump rope.''' ,'''The message I want to send out is that women are sexy.''' ,'''Sometimes, when I'm just watching TV at home, I cut some aloe vera leaves and use the inside gel part as a mask. It's incredible how much comes out of every cut - you can just do a little slice. I buy the leaves at health food stores. You can get single whole leaves, and they kind of last you forever.''' ,'''We are all scrutinised. Everyone. Man, woman, everyone, especially if you are in the public eye in any way on social media. It's about doing you and not worrying too much about other things. Only worry about the things that are really worth worrying about.''' ,'''Reading is sexy!''' ,'''Every woman is confident in her own way, and it's all about finding what makes you confident.''' ,'''Dating is pretty hard, since I'm always on the road.''' ,'''It doesn't always work out, but if I visualize myself getting what I want, it can happen.''' ,'''Fresh juice is my favorite, but I do love a tasty protein shake.''' ,'''There are so many dogs out there that need homes, and so many awesome dogs who are stuck in shelters.''' ,'''It's a dream of mine to be a yoga teacher one day.''' ,'''Where would we be without our friends? Honestly, every friend is so unique and special. I have my friends back in New Zealand; I have my friends in New York and California. Then you have your friends who are your family. Barbara Palvin falls into that category. I have a lot of love for all my friends.''' ,'''Being a Victoria's Secret Angel has really built up my confidence. It's such an exciting thing to be able to do as a model. It's the best thing you can possibly do. It's such a special feeling that it's something so hard to actually describe.''' ,'''Personally, I like to be at home, relax, and just be around my friends.''' ,'''I'm really lucky because I can sleep on planes. I wear an eye mask, I have a book, and I sit down and pass out pretty easily. I know that not everyone can. I think I'm good at it because I travel so much, and for me, being on planes is like a sacred time. It's the only time to zone out and meditate.''' ,'''I love a good scrub, especially on my face.''' ,]
+++