+++
author = "Pepe Reina"
title = "Pepe Reina Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Pepe Reina Quotes"
keywords = "pepe reina,pepe reina quotes,pepe reina quote,pepe reina sayings,pepe reina saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My time in England is where I have felt truly like a footballer, and I have put my name among the best players. I'm very proud to have played almost 400 games with Liverpool.''' ,'''I'm very happy and satisfied at Liverpool. I feel valued and respected.''' ,'''Kenny Dalglish was absolutely right: anyone that doesn't want to be at Liverpool can leave. Players will come and go.''' ,'''My three seasons in Villarreal have been magnificent, and I'm sad to leave.''' ,'''Rafael Benitez is the best coach I have had. I don't know if I'd have joined Napoli without him being there.''' ,'''The best option for my family is for me to stick with Liverpool.''' ,'''I thought I had joined one of the best clubs in the world, one of the biggest names around, and I had, though within a few years, it became clear that I had arrived at one of the worst moments in Liverpool's whole history.''' ,'''What a footballer wants above all else is to win, regardless of who the coach is.''' ,'''Trophies stay in the cabinet gathering dust, but friends are for life.''' ,'''I know British stadiums from my time with Barcelona and Villarreal. The atmosphere is phenomenal, and my first match at Anfield will be very emotional.''' ,'''It is much easier to get over your mistakes when you know you have the confidence of your manager and your team-mates.''' ,'''If I return to Spain someday, Atletico Madrid would be one of my top choices without doubt. It is a club that I have a lot of affection for.''' ,'''A club like Liverpool has to be involved in Europe, whether it is the Europa League or Champions League.''' ,'''The buying power of clubs is very different. You can't sign players if you don't have money, and if there is no money, that's it. As a player, there's nothing you can do.''' ,'''This is the nature of football - when you are loved by a team, you really feel it, but when you go through bad moments, you are treated differently.''' ,'''Romance, eternal love, exists in very few cases. And that's a reality you just have to accept.''' ,'''The Carling Cup may not be quite the same level as the FA Cup, but it is the first trophy of the season, so you definitely want to be in it.''' ,'''I want to aspire to titles. Liverpool will always be a big club, but we are not at the level of Manchester United, Manchester City, Chelsea, or Arsenal.''' ,'''Logically, if there was a chance to improve and go to a bigger club, it would be a good opportunity, although there are few clubs bigger than Liverpool.''' ,'''After the Champions League final in 2007... I would never have thought I would have finished my career in Milan!''' ,'''My idea is to become a manager one day.''' ,'''For sure, I would like to continue my life with the strings of football by being a coach, manager - I don't know. But one thing is clear: I will continue doing something related to football.''' ,'''I consider Liverpool my home, and it will always be like that. It's what they say: once a Red, always a Red.''' ,'''Everyone knows what Kenny Dalglish means to Liverpool: he is probably the badge on the shirt.''' ,]
+++