+++
author = "Sigrid"
title = "Sigrid Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Sigrid Quotes"
keywords = "sigrid,sigrid quotes,sigrid quote,sigrid sayings,sigrid saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Not being treated OK is something everyone can relate to, no matter what age or gender.''' ,'''I liked theatre because I could hide behind a role I was playing, but now, I just love being on stage. I don't pretend that I'm anyone else, I just show my full range when I am up there, and it's very liberating.''' ,'''I find it easier to write about stuff that is frustrating.''' ,'''There are two places where I can completely relax: in nature and by the piano.''' ,'''To win BBC's Sound of 2018 was a huge honour. A lot of my favourite artists have won it before.''' ,'''I love Robyn. 'Dancing on My Own' is one of my favourite songs.''' ,'''I hate working out; it's the worst thing to do.''' ,'''I always start with writing vocal melodies before writing lyrics.''' ,'''I first started doing theatre, as my sister did it, so I wanted to do the same.''' ,'''Maybe after my third album, I'll just go to uni. That would be really cool.''' ,'''My favourite thing about being in nature is that I feel so small and kind of insignificant.''' ,'''We have some fans that come to almost all of our shows, and they will travel to different countries to see us - that's pretty amazing.''' ,'''There's a Norwegian equivalent to 'BBC Introducing' called 'P3 Untouched,' and I remember when they played the first song I ever wrote that I'd put online. I was 16 at that point. That was the first moment where I was like, 'Oh, maybe this is something I want to do more of.'''' ,'''I think festivals have a responsibility to show different genres of music to people.''' ,'''Sometimes it's really weird being an artist, and I deal with that best by being myself.''' ,'''Adele's one of my favourite artists!''' ,'''I want to make people feel something - that's really cool.''' ,'''I don't think I would participate in 'Eurovision,' but I would love to write a song for it. But it would have to be for Norway, obviously. Do it for my country.''' ,'''Teachers have been some of the most important people in my career.''' ,'''Scandinavia can be quite fashionable.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of Renaissance art. It's very direct. They're paintings that hit you in the face in the same immediate way that a huge pop tune hits you in the face.''' ,'''I'm quite obsessed with words.''' ,'''I'm very close to my family; they're the most important people to me.''' ,'''I'm very close with my family and friends.''' ,'''I'm so glad I didn't go into the big-music industry until I was 19 or 20.''' ,'''It's a lot to take in to have won something as prestigious as BBC Music Sound Of.''' ,'''I try to make explosive and catchy music, haha.''' ,'''Writing songs about having a nice time - 'Oh I'm so happy on tour with my band' - I'd find it really difficult to write a good song about it.''' ,'''I need to do music.''' ,'''I have sunglasses; that is very important when you're out traveling.''' ,'''Feminism has always been a theme that I'm very interested in.''' ,'''I decided to move to Bergen because I like the music environment there.''' ,'''I was a very shy kid. Very shy. But I started doing theatre when I was six years old, and that really changed something. My more playful side came out of me.''' ,'''I've got ambitions. I've always been very ambitious. But I think there's something nice about not saying all of my dreams, in case they don't happen and then it's just really embarrassing.''' ,'''My sister and I wrote some songs together under a project called Sala Says Mhyp when I was 17. Sala is our cat. She died, and we wanted to do something in honor of our her. We were a proper cat family.''' ,'''I try to, like, hang out with my family as much as possible. Hang out with the band, go hiking when I'm in the mood for that. Watch Netflix. It's really important for me; like, health comes before everything else.''' ,'''My sister taught me how to use my voice, and my brother taught me how to play guitar.''' ,'''I always have days off before and after I go to the studio. That's really important for me that I know that I have days off after, 'cause then I can give my everything when I'm in the studio. I love being in the studio and being able to think, 'Okay, I'm not doing anything tomorrow.'''' ,'''My goal is to write catchy songs that make people feel something.''' ,'''I've always been the shy one.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with wool.''' ,'''I wanted to show that pop music can be about something else other than the big love songs.''' ,'''I didn't look up to only pop stars, but I did look up to Adele, Amy Winehouse, Grimes, Robyn, Joni Mitchell, Norah Jones, M.I.A., Coldplay, Keane, and more.''' ,'''I love shifting between being super cute and aggressive. It's funny.''' ,'''Pop music is what touches me the most.''' ,'''If there's only one genre that it's possible to listen to or possible to see live, then how can you explore different styles? How can you evolve, musically?''' ,'''I remember when I started writing lyrics, I was very grand. I tried to use a lot of symbols,because I thought that's how songwriting should be - with imagery and metaphor. I figured, after a while, maybe I should just write it as I would say in real life.''' ,'''I always come back to the piano. It's like home.''' ,'''I'm very ambitious. But my overall goal, above ambition, is that I want to be happy with what I'm doing, and I want to be happy with myself.''' ,'''When you're surrounded by majestic Norwegian nature, it's very easy to start thinking about stuff you don't have time to in everyday life.''' ,'''I'm from a small town called Alesund in Norway.''' ,'''I like to be dramatic in my music because that's when it gets to your heart.''' ,'''When you are young in this industry, it's difficult to know when to speak up.''' ,'''It's so special to meet people after the show, getting that connection during the actual concert. It creates a stronger bond.''' ,'''The thing I love about Norwegian cities is that you often have nature right at your doorstep - you don't need to go that far. That makes it a lot easier to just get out.''' ,'''My mum is the biggest Joni Mitchell fan, and my dad loves Neil Young.''' ,'''I appreciate hearing different stories. It inspires me.''' ,'''When a different type of music is put in front of you, you can choose for yourself what you're supposed to like.''' ,'''I love that there's always something happening at festivals. It takes some of the pressure away, too, because you're one person on the bill.''' ,'''I wasn't a huge fan of superhero movies before I watched 'Wonder Woman.' That was a really cool film - I really like all the stunts.''' ,''''Don't Kill My Vibe' was made in a writing session, by Martin Sjolie and I, after he'd asked me what I'd been thinking about lately. I started talking about this earlier writing session that was quite difficult. The song is about the feeling of not being respected as a person, and I think that's something that speaks to millennials.''' ,'''Just because I'm a girl and it's pop doesn't mean I have to write about love and heartbreak.''' ,'''I am inspired by many young women, not only in my industry but across others.''' ,'''The emotional power of creating something... Nothing gives me as much joy as that.''' ,'''The thing I love about being on stage is I can do whatever I want.''' ,'''My mum loves jazz, and together we listen to loads of Chet Baker back home.''' ,'''Playing piano and singing whatever comes naturally is the best thing for me - the only thing that feels genuine.''' ,'''Even in high school, music was just a really fun thing on the side. I don't think I grasped the fact that it could be a profession.''' ,'''I didn't think music was possible for me - it's such an up-and-down life.''' ,'''I just really enjoy humming.''' ,'''That's the thing: pop music has sometimes had a bad reputation for being about a lot of other stuff than the music. And I am just a lover of pop music. I love pop. I love big choruses. Dramatic choruses - they're the best thing in the world. And I do this because I love making music and performing the songs.''' ,'''My family didn't push me into the music industry; they just wanted me to do something I loved.''' ,'''I didn't think it would be possible for me to do music professionally. I was afraid to speak up and say I wanted to become a musician.''' ,'''I was definitely quirky. Me and my sister played a lot together. She's my best friend - and we would put on fashion shows.''' ,'''I'm lucky to be collaborating with a lot of great songwriters/producers - and it's all about chemistry!''' ,'''Teamwork is the best kind of work, really.''' ,'''Festival line-ups should have all types of music. It's part of cultural growth.''' ,'''Making vocal hooks is my favorite thing to do. That's what I love about songwriting - making catchy stuff.''' ,'''I would love to meet or work with Sofia Coppola. Or Wes Anderson or Spike Jonze. I'd love to meet them. The way they film, it's all so geometric.''' ,'''I don't write about nature, but I'm definitely very inspired by it.''' ,'''I think I always kind of wanted to be a musician but never dared to say it out loud because I never thought it was possible. I wanted to be a teacher, a lawyer, a doctor - I wanted to be a lot of other things growing up.''' ,'''I always have a lot of hand cream.''' ,'''Most of the songs I write are full of power, and I'm suspecting it may come from my love for grotesque Renaissance art and the Eurovision Song Contest.''' ,'''I was not a good singer. You know those children who are like, 'I'm gonna be a pop star,' and they sound amazing from the day they were born? I was not like that.''' ,'''It kills my vibe when cats don't wanna cuddle!''' ,'''When I wake up in the morning, the one thing I think about is being comfortable and wearing enough clothes.''' ,'''When I first heard my song on the radio, I started crying. My baby was out there, and it all became very real.''' ,'''I get inspired by everything - everything that is around me.''' ,'''I can't do anything else apart from be myself.''' ,'''My parents are both music lovers; they are not musicians.''' ,'''I didn't grow up listening to him - my parents listened more to Neil Young and Joni Mitchell - but I lived in a flatshare for two years, and my flatmate loved Leonard Cohen. He would always play him when he got home from the studio or something.''' ,'''What I want people to take away from my music is that it's important to listen. Especially for young people, your opinion is the one that counts the most when it comes to your craft.''' ,'''The first time I listened to Coldplay, I was at a train station in Paris with my family on holiday. I put on 'Clocks' on my discman, and I fell in love.''' ,'''I really just like to sit alone at the piano. I need my me time.''' ,'''My sister's job does not involve music, but she is an amazing singer and songwriter.''' ,'''I love Lorde's music.''' ,'''You don't know how long it's going to last. I don't know what's going to happen after I put out my first album.''' ,'''I'm always with my band; they're my best friends.''' ,'''My favorite thing to do is to get something good out of something bad.''' ,'''Whenever my friend says something cool, and especially if my team says something, like a cool line in English, I'll write it down, and maybe I'll rephrase or use in a different way or something.''' ,]
+++