+++
author = "Bobby Hull"
title = "Bobby Hull Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Bobby Hull Quotes"
keywords = "bobby hull,bobby hull quotes,bobby hull quote,bobby hull sayings,bobby hull saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My job is to suggest and ratify and use any expertise that I might have gained over the 23 years in professional hockey to make our game a better game.''' ,'''What makes it all worthwhile is we just play for the sheer enjoyment of entertaining people and... make our families and the team we played on and the people watching, proud of what we did.''' ,'''First and foremost it's important that we're able to put something back in the game, which we have always done. We're doing this to help needy charities along with the police forces in different towns and cities.''' ,'''Now we're doing it for different reasons. We're doing it to bring back the families to the game, people who love the game, and make it an affordable night's entertainment.''' ,'''I hope I can do a better job than Mr. Bettman.''' ,'''Somewhere in my wildest childhood I must have done something right. Being able to make a boyhood dream come true is one thing, but to have a kid come along and thrill his dad like Brett Hull has thrilled me over his career is too much for one guy to handle.''' ,'''All I've done all my life is just tried to better the game for our players and for those people watching.''' ,'''If I was to do it all over again, I wouldn't change a thing.''' ,'''Well, Brett was a pretty laid back kid and I think all the pressure was heaped upon my eldest boy, Bobby.''' ,'''Nobody gives a crap about hockey down here - nobody. I coach kids' hockey down here and you can start to see the disinterest in the game here with the kids.''' ,'''Then to have Brett come along and follow in the footsteps, it's so gratifying. I get as much enjoyment out of watching Brett play as I did of entertaining people myself.''' ,'''Every professional athlete owes a debt of gratitude to the fans and management, and pays an installment every time he plays. He should never miss a payment.''' ,'''I feel, first of all, very privileged that these people think enough of me that they made me commissioner. And it's almost like, as Yogi Berra said, 'deja vu all over again.'''' ,'''You might say I was a little bit more outspoken... I spoke my mind.''' ,'''Well, pioneers always suffer. I don't care who is the first to embark upon things. For instance, settlers that settled the West, Western Canada and the U.S... they went though hell doing it, but it had to be done.''' ,]
+++