+++
author = "Deangelo Williams"
title = "Deangelo Williams Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Deangelo Williams Quotes"
keywords = "deangelo williams,deangelo williams quotes,deangelo williams quote,deangelo williams sayings,deangelo williams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When breast cancer took my mom, it met its biggest enemy.''' ,'''You'd be amazed how much attention $1 million will get you.''' ,'''We just want to win. It doesn't matter how the stats look.''' ,'''Any opportunity I can get to come back to Memphis, I try to get it.''' ,'''I didn't have the money to travel until I got to the NFL, so it's definitely opened doors for me in that capacity.''' ,'''I take pride in knowing the NFL is pink in October, sparking conversations everywhere about breast cancer and prevention, all in the spirit of my mom.''' ,'''I did start out quiet, and I found out you can change a person's life by simply saying, 'Hey,' or, 'How was your day?' Not everybody gets that opportunity with the way society views you or how you look or the way you dress or how you interact. You hear the weird cliches: socially awkward. I think we're all socially awkward.''' ,'''I'm going to stand up for what I need to do, not what everybody else wants me to do.''' ,'''I'm at that point in my career you can put up all the numbers you want to, you can swing whatever statistic you want to swing, but it doesn't matter if you don't get to the Super Bowl and win it.''' ,'''The biggest picture you see is making it to the Super Bowl and winning it. There are a lot of guys who have played 14, 15, 16 years and never been there.''' ,'''There are always going to be questions - I know that. I'll let my playing answer my questions.''' ,'''I'm a Nickelback guy.''' ,'''Speak your mind; you don't have to be PC.''' ,'''People in Wynne told me I'd never win a game at Memphis and I'd never play in a bowl game. But I knew we'd turn it around.''' ,'''It's always an emotional blow when you lose any guy, let alone a guy like Le'Veon Bell.''' ,'''You go to a couple of teams, and some guys have never been to a playoff game.''' ,'''In the NFL, if you make the play or you don't make the play, you're just a football player who did or didn't make the play. You don't get more yards or less yards based on what you're labeled as by society.''' ,'''I kind of push myself through my words and how I carry myself.''' ,'''Back in the States, women play flag football, but they have the same opportunities as the guys do.''' ,'''I'm aware that if the ball is thrown in my direction, I'm expected to catch it because the media is going to be on my back.''' ,'''Why can't I just be a running back?''' ,'''I stand behind all my tweets. If I tweeted it and I said it, I am not apologizing for it.''' ,'''It ticks me off to hear people say, 'Hey man, at your age you don't look like you're slowing down a bit.' Like, can I just be a football player? Why does the 33 age have to coincide with me when you talking football?''' ,'''Pink is not a color - it's a culture to me.''' ,'''There are a lot of people who don't know what metastatic breast cancer is.''' ,'''The University of Memphis didn't have the flashy profile or the national exposure. It's a great university. I love the offense. I love the atmosphere, the big city. They have everything I want. The only knock against them is they are not a great team.''' ,'''If you're in college, if you're in high school, if you're in elementary school, if you're in a youth league, if you're in the NFL, football's football.''' ,'''When it's your will versus another person's will, the worst thing you can do is smile in their face when you're competing. That's what I tell our guys. Go have fun.''' ,'''Anything in between the white lines is deemed football.''' ,'''You can't let injuries dictate the outcome of a football game. You have to persevere and keep fighting. That is how we are. If there is a blade of grass to defend or take, we do it.''' ,'''When my number is called, nobody cares if I am a starter or not. They just care if I make plays or if I'm productive.''' ,'''Every veteran out there, veteran or rookie, they want to go to the Super Bowl and win it and get the best opportunity.''' ,'''As a football team, we don't have any backups. We don't consider anybody a backup.''' ,'''I want everyone to know there is always someone there for you.''' ,'''I'm hunting one thing and one thing only, and that's the Super Bowl.''' ,'''My mom was the strongest woman I know.''' ,'''On signing day, my mom brought me the national letter of intent to Arkansas. I should feel like I'm making the right decision. You get that many people telling you that. I had been dreaming about it. I signed 'No' where I was supposed to sign my name and put an exclamation point.''' ,'''Being the backup, as they call me, I have no pressure at all.''' ,'''You have to understand that in this league, we are all one play removed from being the starter or from being the backup, in any game.''' ,'''I grew up watching wrestling.''' ,'''You don't love hockey for the scores, you love hockey for the fights, right?''' ,'''I grew up knowing the importance of breast cancer.''' ,'''Breast cancer, whether I like it or not, is part of my family's story. That's why I am so passionate about raising awareness, because I have seen firsthand how it can impact others.''' ,'''The difference between the National Football League and college is this: In college, you are a broke college student.''' ,'''I'm really shy, man. I don't really talk much. I just read, sit in my room and just read graphic novels because I don't have many friends and many people that like to talk to me.''' ,]
+++