+++
author = "David Packard"
title = "David Packard Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 David Packard Quotes"
keywords = "david packard,david packard quotes,david packard quote,david packard sayings,david packard saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A company has a greater responsibility than making money for its stockholders. We have a responsibility to our employees to recognize their dignity as human beings.''' ,'''Bill Hewlett and I were brought up in the Depression. We weren't interested in the idea of making any money. Our idea was if you couldn't find a job, you'd make one for yourself.''' ,'''The most important question we have to deal with is a combination of population control and the control of our environment - how to utilize the world in as effective a way as we can for the future of mankind.''' ,'''I think that we must find some way to get more common sense, more rationality, in our decisions and less emotion.''' ,'''Marketing is too important to be left to the marketing department.''' ,'''Why are we here? I think many people assume, wrongly, that a company exists solely to make money. Money is an important part of a company's existence, if the company is any good. But a result is not a cause. We have to go deeper and find the real reason for our being.''' ,'''I have observed that money left without special guidance is sometimes used well and sometimes not.''' ,'''You appear to have a good project... we wish you well in this endeavor.''' ,'''Take risks. Ask big questions. Don't be afraid to make mistakes; if you don't make mistakes, you're not reaching far enough.''' ,]
+++