+++
author = "Gervonta Davis"
title = "Gervonta Davis Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Gervonta Davis Quotes"
keywords = "gervonta davis,gervonta davis quotes,gervonta davis quote,gervonta davis sayings,gervonta davis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always made that push for me to be positive and stay forward with my goals.''' ,'''I think people who go through a lot, they're aggressive.''' ,'''I was one of the youngest world champions in boxing. It is not that I was not prepared for it. I was just so young and it happened so quickly. I had to adapt to it. Live up to the hype. It was hard.''' ,'''Me and my older brother were taken from my mother at the same time so we were pretty tight.''' ,'''My daughter has changed me. She has made me grow up quicker because I don't just have a kid, I have a baby girl. She has made me more patient. I am actually soft when I get around her. I don't think she changed me as a fighter, but she has changed me as a person. She has helped me mature.''' ,'''There were a lot of distractions in Baltimore, and I think they were a problem for me.''' ,'''I believe, just in the ring, I'm explosive.''' ,'''I hope Gamboa brings the best out of me so that people can see that I'm not just a power puncher.''' ,'''When I'm in the ring my main focus is just to get the job done.''' ,'''It's the people that I see every day in Baltimore that motivate me.''' ,'''A lot of fighters get frustrated when they're not active.''' ,'''Atlanta has accepted me with open arms. Baltimore is always my first home but being able to come here is special.''' ,'''I became a champion super-fast.''' ,'''I always break people's noses with the uppercut, not the hook.''' ,'''I have a lot of boxing skills.''' ,'''Thank you to all my fans. Keep supporting me, and I'll fight for you.''' ,'''We're tying to get Baltimore on the right track.''' ,'''Floyd has showed me that he's set up with real estate, businesses, and investments.''' ,'''I've fought in London. I've fought in Los Angeles. I've fought in New York.''' ,'''Some might see me on Instagram or Twitter and think otherwise, but when you really get to know me, I'm a likable guy. So that's why I think that people are drawn to me.''' ,'''There are a lot of belts I want to win, not just one.''' ,'''Floyd has done a lot for me financially and has taught me a lot about business. He did great in making money during his career and he tells me a lot of what he's working on.''' ,'''These guys from the past really motivate me, much respect to the guys before me and the ones after me.''' ,'''I am aware of what my opponent Avila brings and the experience he has. He's tough, throws hard shots and is a good counterpuncher.''' ,'''Growing up in Baltimore, there were a lot of distractions. But I was so into boxing, it was like candy to me.''' ,'''Outside the ring, I'm not a mean guy. I'm a likeable guy. I'm reachable, to my people.''' ,'''It's not a game. You can't play boxing.''' ,'''I'm willing to fight anybody.''' ,'''I've been in the gym, I've been training and I've been getting the Ws. I think that played a factor in me staying out of trouble outside the ring, staying focused on what's in front of me, and that's my boxing career.''' ,'''I work my angles and things like that.''' ,'''I believe I overcame a lot.''' ,'''In the amateurs we fought four or five times a week so we always had different opponents.''' ,'''I've seen the world and I've seen the bigger picture.''' ,'''I know that Gamboa is a tough opponent and he'll lay it all on the line.''' ,'''I want to build a legacy.''' ,'''I want to be a stand-up guy, a smart guy, a business guy. I always have that in my mind.''' ,'''I've accomplished a lot at a young age. It's all because of the hard work that I've put in for my entire life.''' ,'''I knew Avila was going to be a tough, strong opponent. I cracked him a few times early, but he kept bouncing back every time. When I knocked him down, I could tell he wasn't hurt and was impressed by his toughness. He brought out the best in me.''' ,'''You can't be a PPV star if you don't put on an exciting performance.''' ,'''I am the cash cow in the 130-pound division.''' ,'''I showed I'm an elite fighter.''' ,'''I think a fighter should be ready and able to adapt to anything that is in front of him in the ring.''' ,'''We came to 135 to snatch a belt, and I felt like I definitely wanted to do that. I'd be a two division, three-time world champion. So I thought it was a great idea to do, so we did it.''' ,'''Having a belt is cool, but I'm trying to do more in the sport.''' ,'''I believe that the fighters know. It's just the people not actually fighting who need to understand more that we're putting our lives on the line.''' ,'''I'm preparing myself to be a great, great fighter and also a big star in the sport.''' ,'''Each fight, I'm breaking records that are meant to be broken.''' ,'''There's nothing Pedraza can bring to the ring that I haven't seen before.''' ,'''I've learned to be a different fighter, more responsible.''' ,'''I won my first nationals when I was 10 years old.''' ,'''It was always a goal of mine to bring a world title fight back to my city of Baltimore.''' ,'''I just want to bring happiness back to Baltimore.''' ,'''I'm not really into researching my opponents or other fighters other than the ones that I like.''' ,'''I know I have a big future in front of me, so that's my main focus. So when I'm outside of the ring, I try to carry myself as a professional athlete, not just anybody.''' ,'''Normally when I train, I'm all mad, thinking about all I've been through to push me.''' ,'''It's hard to continue to be great and have so much on your back, knowing that even a little mistake can mess you up for good.''' ,'''I want to keep getting better and better.''' ,'''I'm just trying to stay grounded because I know what I want to do in the sport.''' ,'''I do see myself being that big star. I do believe I have the skills and ability to be that big star. I just need to be me, be fan friendly and keep connecting with the boxing fans.''' ,'''After school let out around 2:30, I'd go straight to the gym to be the first person there, even though it didn't open until about 4:30. I was the littlest one and I was good, so they took me serious.''' ,'''I'm an overall sound fighter, a boxer-puncher.''' ,'''I traveled when I was super young, so my mindset was never like a typical 8-year-old.''' ,'''I'm the cash cow, I believe, so at 135 or 130, I'm selling out arenas, putting butts in the seats.''' ,'''My coach... tells me not to focus on a knockout, and to follow the team game plan.''' ,'''I come from a city with a lot of violence and things like that, but my mind was always focused on what I wanted to be in life.''' ,'''Being a world champion again is just a step closer toward my goal. I want to be a pay-per-view star.''' ,'''There was one point in time that I wasn't fighting, and I was frustrated and I was getting in trouble.''' ,'''I've been battle-tested inside the ring and outside the ring.''' ,'''When it comes to Baltimore I want to say that it's actually a lot worse than what you see in 'The Wire.'''' ,'''If the right opportunity comes, I'd definitely come back to 130.''' ,'''I was supposed to be in 'The Wire' but I was getting in trouble in school and on the streets.''' ,'''My uncle saw me fight in front of my house and one day he wanted to turn something negative into a positive, so he took me to the gym and I've been there ever since.''' ,'''I wanted to be that guy they talk about. I want to be the guy that shine. I want to be that No. 1 guy.''' ,'''I'm a great fighter all around the board.''' ,'''If an opportunity comes to knock out my opponent, I'm going to take it.''' ,'''I just train hard and fight who is in front of me.''' ,'''I've always been the type to know that if I'm getting off the track, I know, 'OK, it's time to tighten up.' I feel like I can see it before it comes.''' ,'''I'm from a city where the tears never end and the pain never stops.''' ,'''It's good for me to fight in the U.K.''' ,'''It really doesn't matter who I fight. It's about me putting on a good performance and just looking good overall that night.''' ,'''Just winning a belt, it doesn't mean anything to me.''' ,'''I'm not somebody that's trying to be somebody else. I'm being myself for the most part and people respect that.''' ,'''I want to be able to fight on pay-per-view against the big fighters and do big numbers.''' ,'''I'm a fighter.''' ,'''I want to show people that I can be a household name.''' ,'''My mother used to leave me and my brother in the house by ourselves. The authorities came and got us. It took a year or two to get us back with my grandmother.''' ,'''I believe Baltimore has been backing me for a long time.''' ,'''My family's messed up, for real.''' ,'''I have good hand speed.''' ,'''I've been doing this for so many years that I believe Gamboa can't bring anything to the ring that I haven't seen.''' ,'''Where I came from, there's not a reason to have a lot of hope. So much trouble, everywhere. But every now and then, someone makes it out and makes it big, and that person has an impact on a lot of other people.''' ,'''I feel comfortable at both weights. I feel I could fight at 130 or 135.''' ,'''The love I was getting from the gym, I wasn't getting at home. That actually glued me to the gym. It made me always work harder and want to come back.''' ,'''I know how to box, how to move my feet.''' ,'''I want to be a superstar and bring joy and entertainment to the sport.''' ,'''A lot of people don't realize the skills and talent that I have.''' ,'''Luis Sanchez will definitely bring a challenge, and I know he will try to bring the fight to me.''' ,'''I'm the top dog.''' ,'''I think the whole boxing world was sleeping on me. They were sleeping on me hard.''' ,]
+++