+++
author = "Anna Torv"
title = "Anna Torv Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Anna Torv Quotes"
keywords = "anna torv,anna torv quotes,anna torv quote,anna torv sayings,anna torv saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love being physical, but I don't have any desire to prove myself.''' ,'''We just say things differently in Australia - like torch. I'd ask, 'Can I have the torch?' It seems to fall flat when I say, 'Can I have the flashlight?'''' ,'''Shakespeare is all big themes, like the most amazing love, or the most scary war.''' ,'''I live by the sea in Australia and the weather of course is glorious all year round.''' ,'''I wear Blundstones for hiking. They're like a work boot with a bit of grip, so you can wear them all day. They're quite groovy.''' ,'''With science fiction there's endless possibilities.''' ,'''I'm terrible at practical jokes. I do them too well, so they're not funny. I end up saying, 'Oh, no, I'm joking, I'm joking.'''' ,'''I've found in my life that the parts that you're right for are the parts that you get. It's really usually quite easy because you're kind of right.''' ,'''To be really honest, I don't love the gym.''' ,''''Fringe' is a sci-fi show. But once you go beyond the genre, you're immersed in a profound reality.''' ,'''Becoming a mother doesn't always change every aspect of your personality.''' ,'''I want somebody who's gonna need me.''' ,'''I am a sucker for jackets!''' ,'''Every first episode of a season has been crafted like another pilot.''' ,'''I don't feel like I've hit my stride. So I wonder what the moment will be when I get to be who I want to be.''' ,'''I work in an industry where everyone is flawlessly beautiful, but I just want to be healthy.''' ,'''Why can't a woman be a little cooler in her emotions and a little quieter and more repressed without it being a huge thing? I've actually always quite enjoyed that, to tell you the truth.''' ,'''In film, you can have sad endings.''' ,'''I didn't know much about video games.''' ,'''I feel good about who I am.''' ,'''I've been estranged from my father since I was eight.''' ,'''I've read only fiction, so I don't know anything actual.''' ,'''Everybody's funny if you love them.''' ,'''I just adore Kate Winslet. I love her because you're never aware of all the stuff that's going into her characterization and, yet, she completely transforms.''' ,'''Science fiction is becoming more of a diverse kind of genre.''' ,'''My friends and I would get up early and take our horses through the national forest. My mom was very free. It was always 'Out of the house!' There was no watching television on weekends.''' ,'''I'm a huge camper, and love hiking and mountain biking.''' ,'''I had a fantastic mother who taught me self-confidence.''' ,'''Some people just aren't meant to be happy.''' ,]
+++