+++
author = "Misty May-Treanor"
title = "Misty May-Treanor Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Misty May-Treanor Quotes"
keywords = "misty may-treanor,misty may-treanor quotes,misty may-treanor quote,misty may-treanor sayings,misty may-treanor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to go out on my terms.''' ,'''I'm an avid animal lover. When I was 16, I wanted to be a vet or a zookeeper. I grew up with animals. At one time we had between five and eight dogs in the house, with four cats. We're menagerie people.''' ,'''If you maintain a healthy diet, or at least are smart about your food choices, you'll still see the pounds come off.''' ,'''I know when things are going to get me a little nervous, because nervous to me feels good.''' ,'''I didn't think I'd be going for another Olympics.''' ,'''My campaign is about getting pets to be more active, and exercise with your animal is a great way for people to exercise. When you're out with your pet, it becomes fun. You don't think of it as a chore. For me, taking my dog out for a walk is very relaxing.''' ,'''It's just as important to work on the little muscle groups as well as the big muscle groups. People, when they train, go to gyms. I call them 'nightclub bodies' - ginormous up top, and legs are little sticks. You see a lot of people, and they forget you can't leave the little muscles behind.''' ,'''I used to hate planks, because I could only hold them for about 20 seconds. I'll never be like, 'Yeah, I'm so excited to do planks!' but I find that I don't hate them as much anymore.''' ,'''She had a hit for every syllable: 'Don't. You. Ever. Talk. To. Me. Like. That. Ever. Again.' That was the last time I ever talked back to Mom.''' ,'''I've never been outside Heathrow so it will be exciting to see what London has to offer. I think I've only flown into Heathrow maybe twice.''' ,'''I used to spend a couple of hours in the weight room, but really, an hour is long enough. I lift twice a week and on other days incorporate more core yoga and different exercises. It's important to listen to your body. I will shut it down if I'm tired.''' ,'''I juice everything! Whether it's beet, carrot, or apple, I'll juice it. I always keep brown rice in the kitchen. I'll often pack a cooler full of food to have throughout the day when I'm busy.''' ,'''I've got to read the 'Hunger Games' before I see the movie.''' ,'''I'm stronger than I think I am. Mentally, physically.''' ,'''I would like to instill in people just to work hard. As long as they keep at it, their dreams will happen.''' ,'''It's important to just kind of get away from your sport until you miss it. It's about taking time to enjoy other aspects of life or learn new things. It helps rejuvenate.''' ,'''If there are fresh-baked chocolate chip cookies on the table, I won't say no to those. Soy sauce is another one, even though it's awful - it's so high in sodium.''' ,'''My biggest goal for the future is motherhood.''' ,'''My favorite power food is Greek yogurt and honey.''' ,'''I didn't want to stop before my time was up.''' ,'''I try to do something every day. I lift weights at least three to four days per week, and I'll intersperse that with cardio. For example, on Tuesdays and Thursdays, I'll run and do heavy lifting, and on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, I'll spend two hours lifting weights, as well as something like swimming.''' ,'''I don't want to be put on a pedestal. I want to be known as a nice and normal person, but my skills are a little more excelled.''' ,'''Over the years, I've made many sacrifices to win two Olympic gold medals and put together winning streaks that will never be broken.''' ,'''I think the most surprising thing about the Olympics would be the amount of interaction and partying that goes on behind the scenes. They have nightclubs at the Olympic Village. It's like college all over again.''' ,'''The more colorful the food, the better. I try to add color to my diet, which means vegetables and fruits.''' ,]
+++