+++
author = "Brooklyn Decker"
title = "Brooklyn Decker Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Brooklyn Decker Quotes"
keywords = "brooklyn decker,brooklyn decker quotes,brooklyn decker quote,brooklyn decker sayings,brooklyn decker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Truth be told, I would love to tell you that I work out every single day and I'm really into yoga and meditation, but it's just unrealistic. I truly could not keep up if I tried.''' ,'''I have a really difficult time watching myself on film. I literally cower in my seat and cover my face.''' ,'''You become a model once you go through hair, makeup, and Photoshop.''' ,'''I have zero hand-eye coordination - zero - so I've never been good at softball, basketball, golf, things like that, but I'm really strong and I have really good endurance so I can go forever - I'm a tough girl.''' ,'''I would like to say I've achieved goals, but really, modeling is all luck. You're not really achieving anything. The least hardworking person with a special face can be huge and have a whole world of success.''' ,'''I'm more one of those people you laugh at and not with. I'm not the one with the jokes, I'm the one who falls on her face going up a flight of steps.''' ,'''I'm kind of like a tween. I've read all 'Hunger Games' books in three days.''' ,'''I don't see myself doing catalog shoots in Madrid anymore like I was doing two years ago. I hope that the acting side of things grows.''' ,'''I'm a size 4. In modeling, that's often too big.''' ,'''A little scruff looks nice, but it feels so uncomfortable. Think about how a guy wants a girl to have smooth legs: It's expected. Shouldn't a guy be expected to do the same on his face? I think that's only fair.''' ,'''I want to live a normal life - drive my kids to school, have tons of animals running around, be barefoot and pregnant. I want all that.''' ,'''I love candy, but when I'm cooking, I will use Splenda Naturals to try and cut back on sugar.''' ,'''Married life suits me.''' ,'''Because I'm such a tomboy, I hate showing off my body.''' ,'''My parents had us very young. We lived in a modest house. We built forts, we hiked, we went camping and they wanted us to be independent. It's how children grew up in the 1940s and 50s: outside all the time, playing in the dirt, riding your bike around.''' ,'''I loved the travel but I didn't love the work. I mean, come on, modelling is only so stimulating!''' ,'''The 'Sports Illustrated' cover was the last thing I shot. That week, I told my agent, 'You know what, I really... I don't want to be a model anymore. I really want to do movies.' And I think he wanted to wring my neck at the moment.''' ,'''I really missed going to college. I missed not having that education and that experience.''' ,'''N'sync - I had all their faces taped to my jeans for their concert when I was 13.''' ,'''Sometimes I'll watch a music video of a great performer like Beyonce and try to follow her choreography. Yeah, maybe I look ridiculous, but dancing gets your energy up a lot better than running on a treadmill or pedaling a stationary bike.''' ,'''I'm named after a horse. My mom's best friend had a horse named Brooke, so my dad suggested 'Brooklyn' as a more formal version, and it just stuck - and now I live in Brooklyn part-time, so go figure.''' ,'''Yes, Adam Sandler is a good kisser, and other actresses have said the same thing to me. They've come up to me - other actresses who've kissed him - and said, 'Hey, so good, right?'''' ,'''You know what I love the smell of? Christmas trees and pine. I always have a pine candle even if it's not Christmas.''' ,'''My dad is a Type 1 diabetic. I grew up in a household where we were really conscious about cutting back on sugar because we had to for his health.''' ,'''Being married to Andy has given me a new appreciation for my body. He's taught me that it's not how thin you are that matters. It's how your body performs, how it endures wear and tear.''' ,'''I like an English sense of humor: dry, dirty, a little bit off. That's kind of my taste.''' ,'''I'm not going to sit here and say, 'Pity me; I came from modeling.' It's opened a lot of doors. People will take meetings because they've heard the name before. That's an advantage that I have.''' ,'''The good thing about kids is they want to be mobile; they want to be running around nonstop. They want to play. They want to be outside. So they're inherently more active than we are, because we get much lazier as we get older. Part of being a parent is keeping up with your kid.''' ,'''With acting, if you audition terribly, at least you know, 'I messed that up. I was horrible. That's why I didn't get the job.' With modeling, it's like, 'I'm not cool this year; therefore, I'm unemployed for a while.' With modeling, it's just, either you're liked, or you're not.''' ,'''We always have veggies, nuts, spreads, and fruits laying around the house.''' ,'''I think that I'd like to try to be a superwoman and have kids and work, so we'll see if I can actually accomplish that.''' ,'''The Brawny man is a prime example of a guy with a cool-looking mustache.''' ,'''Whenever I'm near a body of water, I love to rent a kayak. It's easy to use, and you not only get a cardio workout but also do a vigorous upper-body workout, pushing and pulling your paddle through the water.''' ,'''Philip Seymour Hoffman - I just think he's incredible.''' ,'''Guys, your home should never smell like artificial food: candy canes, gum drops, lemon bars. I mean, I will consume lemon bars in mass quantities, but I don't want my house to smell like one.''' ,'''I don't play tennis at all.''' ,'''With my first pay cheque I sent my parents to Jamaica, so they actually got passports! They're pretty grounded; it wasn't until they saw the trailer for 'Battleship' that they were like, 'Ooh, this is a big movie, isn't it?'''' ,'''When you have a gown, there's much more to be concerned about. Where is this crease falling? Are you making a weird shape with the dress? Are you doing the designer justice? With a bathing suit, it's more about you and the mood you convey.''' ,'''I have an insane sweet tooth.''' ,'''I really love going places without a map.''' ,]
+++