+++
author = "Matt Doherty"
title = "Matt Doherty Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Matt Doherty Quotes"
keywords = "matt doherty,matt doherty quotes,matt doherty quote,matt doherty sayings,matt doherty saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You have to try and take games by the scruff of the neck... you can't mollycoddle everyone.''' ,'''As a player I have to be ultra-careful, especially in supermarkets. How often does somebody pick up something, realize they don't want it and put it back for someone else to touch. So yes, I put my mask and gloves on to be safe because you don't want to get ill, do you?''' ,'''People have just got to do it themselves in their own minds, believe when they get the chance they are going to score. You have to have no doubt about it at all.''' ,'''At Wolves I just had all the experiences - disappointment and then obviously getting promoted and stuff like that, but then taking it to the next level and getting into Europe as well.''' ,'''My mam is Dutch but I'm green.''' ,'''There's no point in playing underage football until you are 23. You've got to be able to play in games, cope in men's football and that almost certainly means that you have to go to the lower leagues.''' ,'''If you ask me a question... I'm not a liar so I'm not going to try and get out of the question. I just answer it.''' ,'''I've survived a lot of managers, so I must have been doing something right.''' ,'''I want to know how I'm doing and contributing. If anyone says they don't... they're lying.''' ,'''My international career hasn't kicked off quite as much as I'd have liked it.''' ,'''If you're not playing, you're probably trying to find excuses when it's probably your fault.''' ,'''I just didn't play. It's not the end of the world. You've got to respect the 11 that go out.''' ,'''On a Wolves front, Premier League football is the big aim.''' ,'''1-0 is not a scary scoreline at all.''' ,'''I always back myself and I'm quite comfortable to be able to change from right-back to left-back.''' ,'''I used to not eat that well. I would have microwaveable dinners, like pasta. It was mixed in with your fizzy drinks and sweets. No good.''' ,'''Growing up I always wanted to play in the Premier League and now I get to resume living my dream, which is playing games and I can't wait to get back.''' ,'''There will be players that I've never played against, it will be interesting to see how I get on.''' ,'''I always wear a mask if I'm going to the shops.''' ,'''Technically I'm pescatarian now as I love prawns. And I still have the odd fizzy drink after a game. I'm not a saint.''' ,'''I started working for my dad - he had his own company in carpet upholstery cleaning. I was doing whatever he said. It was hard work, it made me grow up and realize that it's not what I wanted to do.''' ,'''When you were away with Ireland, you didn't really have that much coaching. It was more of five-a-side, or 11-a-side game, and that would be it.''' ,'''Teams go behind in games all the time.''' ,'''There have been a lot of ups and downs.''' ,'''As players you want to be able to go out there and perform for your country and give people good things to write about.''' ,'''What you really want to do is sit down and eat everything in the house. You can never do it, you've got to be disciplined, but in the back of your head, you're sitting there and thinking: 'what's in the press, what's in the fridge?'''' ,'''It's never nice to lose 3-0 and have the ball knocked round you a bit towards the end.''' ,'''I was in the team and then I had COVID and came out, and struggled to get back in.''' ,'''You couldn't ask for a harder task, trying to get picked ahead of Seamus Coleman.''' ,'''Look, I want to play as many games as I can, and I want to contribute in a positive way as much as I can.''' ,'''It gives you a better chance of playing if you can play a number of positions.''' ,'''My left foot is not the strongest but I can be clever by going round somebody or using the right side of my foot.''' ,'''In the stadium when you're playing, you feel the negative vibe going around for not playing the ball forward, or for not pressing.''' ,'''You can see it in games with Moutinho, he never panics on the ball and makes the right decision pretty much every time.''' ,'''I'm in a rich vein of form. Everything I do seems to come off. I'm playing every weekend; it's a dream come true for me.''' ,'''I've never been in a major competition. If you don't want to be there, you might as well leave now because it would be crazy to not want to be playing in Dublin at a Euros.''' ,'''I want to try and stay in the game and maybe have that responsibility: picking teams, telling players they're dropped. It's something that I might enjoy.''' ,'''You still have your own pride, your own personal pride. You can still work hard and get around the pitch.''' ,'''You could say I've not been the same player for Ireland as I have in the Premier League.''' ,'''There is competition for places and everyone is bringing the best out of each other. There is no problem there. It's just the way it is.''' ,'''Yes, I might have been the only person to have been with two teams that have gone down in the one season.''' ,'''At 15 or 16 I had been to 12 or 13 clubs.''' ,'''I just felt I needed to be in the best shape possible.''' ,'''I haven't been hung up on the international scene, I'm not sitting there waiting on the Ireland squad to be announced to see if I am in it.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it doesn't really matter who plays once we win the game, that's the most important thing.''' ,'''When players go into management, they might think they will bring their ideas forward, but when they get into it, it's difficult to do that.''' ,'''I under-performed, I realize that.''' ,'''I scored an own goal against Leicester and when you do that you start to think about things and question yourself.''' ,'''My time at Wolves was fantastic, I haven't got a bad word to say about the whole club at all.''' ,'''Whenever a ball is played backwards, make the right decision, back a player to pick you out, so there a lot of ways players can take responsibility on the pitch.''' ,'''It's kind of depressing. A double relegation is something a few of us have - and we don't want it on our CV's.''' ,'''I was at Hibs and I didn't enjoy it that much but I had to live on my own, fend for myself and I learned how to do that.''' ,'''The step up from the Championship is really big and at the beginning I had a few performances that weren't great.''' ,'''I can't just rot away... If I stay at Wolves obviously I have to play.''' ,'''It was great just to get Wolves training kit on and feel normal again.''' ,'''You can be as good as you want but if someone likes a different player for whatever reason you have to respect that and hope eventually you get the chance and then take it and stay there.''' ,'''Management is something I'd like to do in the future, so I look at the different ways of training, the routines.''' ,'''I might look back and think, 'was I really that bad?'''' ,'''The main position is where you want to play.''' ,'''Obviously, it's not the same when you play at wing-back. You don't have to defend as much. You don't get exposed in defensive situations as much as when playing as a full-back, so it is definitely different, but it is not something that it is totally alien to me.''' ,'''It's one of the worst things in our profession, being on the bench. The only worse thing is being injured.''' ,'''I have to bide my time, train well and still play well at club level and whenever my time comes to be more of a regular... but I'm just getting on with it. If I play, I play; if I don't, I don't, but then I will work harder to try get into the team.''' ,'''You have to see the situations in games, you can't just rely on other people to do it.''' ,'''You want to play as many games as possible, you want to stay sharp, and there is nothing like game fitness.''' ,'''I've got quite big legs.''' ,'''I've got Spurs gear on - that's all I care about.''' ,'''I'm not playing for Wolves just so I can get in squads. I'm concentrated on playing for Wolves.''' ,'''My thought process is that when they see me play: 'We'll have to keep him.' That's how I think. But you have to think like that.''' ,'''I am a professional and when I go out there with the badge on, that's all I'm thinking about. Everything else is in the past. Tottenham is what it is for me now.''' ,'''None of us would panic at club level if we were 1-0 down. All of us would be saying to each other, 'Let's stay in the game and see what happens,' so I don't think anybody would be panicking if that is the case.''' ,'''There are things I need to improve on and things I need to adapt to.''' ,'''It is impossible to be social distancing while playing football.''' ,'''I didn't train with a mask. There's no way they will be able to make everybody wear masks once they're playing and training flat out. It's impossible.''' ,'''I'm just a confident player.''' ,'''When people lose their jobs in this day and age, you are never really too surprised.''' ,'''It's tough, it's not a nice feeling playing in all these games and not scoring any goals.''' ,'''I did a video interview straight after the Scottish Cup Final and I reacted to some abuse from Twitter. Dangerous, of course. The Hibs fans took it that I didn't care... they took it all the wrong way.''' ,'''I'm not keeping track, but I've got six goals and seven assists! Of course you keep track of it. If anyone says they don't, they're lying!''' ,'''I was in the Spurs team and in the Ireland team when I got it and I admit it took its toll on me when I came back. But look, there were many, many people worse off than me.''' ,'''You have to be a bit ruthless, to be ultra-focused all the time. At the end of the day we're not playing kids football, we have to learn ourselves and go out with full focus and be men, to take it on.''' ,'''I always feel that I can make a difference; that I can help if I'm on the pitch.''' ,'''I had the confidence, I knew I was able to play at this level. And I just took that forward.''' ,'''I feel embarrassed at times when I come off the pitch because we are losing games and not scoring goals and conceding goals. It's not nice.''' ,'''Playing 90 minutes, you're absolutely shattered afterwards.''' ,'''I haven't been playing that well so far but, hopefully, I can turn that around.''' ,'''It's up to me to find a way to bring out my best game when I put on the Ireland jersey.''' ,'''I've been going absolutely insane! I've two kids, two-and-a-half and one-and-a-half at home.''' ,'''I've not played that much, obviously, and I want to play as much as I can.''' ,'''It's hard to put your shoulders back and say, 'right lads, let's win this game,' when we're not actually winning anything.''' ,'''I just played well and that gave me confidence.''' ,'''We know it is a results business, and also performance business. You have to perform well to get the results.''' ,'''Whenever I say anything, I don't lie.''' ,'''Obviously, as defenders, we can see the game in front of us, so a lot of it is just communicating with people and just backing each other.''' ,'''There's talented players in the Ireland set-up and if we can get all us gelling together, you'll have a good team.''' ,'''I was at 14 or 15 different clubs when I was younger, and I didn't play that well when I was away. I would readily admit that now, there was a lot of disappointment as a kid.''' ,'''I don't play right wing now but I am up and down the right wing a lot at club football. I know it would be a lot different but when I was younger I played there so I don't think I'd be uncomfortable playing there.''' ,'''I used to sit next to Danny Batth in the changing room and he was vegan. I thought, maybe I'll try it. I got leaner and I'm in the best shape I've ever been.''' ,'''I just have to put even more focus and concentration in for 90 minutes and try to be mistake-free, while also expressing myself in the offensive parts of the field.''' ,'''You can be 19 or 20 and playing reserve team football, be able to say 'I played at,' say, 'Manchester United,' even though you have no actual first team appearances. But there are 19- and 20-year-olds at League Two level with 100 appearances under their belts. I know which one I'd rather be.''' ,'''I left school to go to so many trials. There was no point in me going to school because I was away all the time.''' ,]
+++