+++
author = "Paddy Mcguinness"
title = "Paddy Mcguinness Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Paddy Mcguinness Quotes"
keywords = "paddy mcguinness,paddy mcguinness quotes,paddy mcguinness quote,paddy mcguinness sayings,paddy mcguinness saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Basically i've done a few podcasts one is 'Prepare for the Unexpected' which is a guide to my life and how I deal with things and I've also done a 'Guide to Surving the Summer Festivals' too.''' ,'''I've always said I'm pretty good at making mashed potato. I'm a good masher.''' ,'''Phoenix Nights' was really starting to take off. But I was scared to leave my job in case things didn't work out.''' ,'''It's very, very, very, very difficult, you know any parent with children with any kind of special needs is very difficult.''' ,'''Benchmark has got a lot of playability. You can sit with your family and friends, and you'll all have an opinion about what the answer is. What's amazing is when some of the answers are revealed, it creates even more discussion.''' ,'''I think blokes definitely sweat on most things when it comes to being questioned by women.''' ,'''I did loads of jobs all the way through college, just for a bit of money in my pocket. There were some tough jobs, but I was lucky enough I enjoyed doing them. It was okay.''' ,'''I'd like people to be more aware of the benefits of communities. Lots of problems could be solved that way.''' ,'''I don't think it's necessary to do stand-up to be a presenter, but I like it, because it keeps me sharp, especially when something like 'Take Me Out' is 80% is ad-libbed, so that works for me.''' ,'''The worst job that I ever did, I used to have a Saturday job cleaning the dough off bread-making machines for Warburtons in Bolton. That was horrendous.''' ,'''Every parent just wants their child to be happy and to protect them. I should be the happiest I have ever been with my career, family and friends, but I can honestly say I am never happy in myself now. I constantly worry about them.''' ,'''I think the good thing about 'Take Me Out', which is kind of a compliment to us really, is that when it started doing well round about the second series and people started getting into it, all of a sudden every time you turned over a channel there's a new dating show on.''' ,'''Well I've obviously been a guest on most TV shows and spoken a little bit and that but I got the call to stand in for Paul O'Grady when he was off.''' ,'''When you think back to 'Top Gear' of old as well and people loved it and still will in my eyes, but when they did the trips, that's what everyone talked about.''' ,'''I think women with children are better than men. This is only my opinion. Might be 'cos me Mum brought me up. I think maternally, they just take to being a parent quicker than men.''' ,'''There's nothing nicer than hearing people laughing.''' ,'''You'll always remember your first car and the memories that come with it - that sense of adventure!''' ,'''I don't do the show business lifestyle, you'll never see me rolling out of parties with a goody bag in my hand. My night out is a night in, with friends round for dinner.''' ,'''Janice Connolly is one of them people that whenever you see her, she's happy.''' ,'''I mean, I'm always optimistic about most things I do and never bank my hopes on anything, but I got what 'Take Me Out' was right from the word go.''' ,'''Stand up is the most stressful, and hosting and presenting a show has its own stresses, because you've got an audience which you've got to entertain as well as an audience at home.''' ,'''I was scared of running off to be a comedian and then having to come back with my tail between my legs.''' ,'''Even when you're right in the middle of a tour and you've done 30 or 40 shows, you still get them butterflies in the stomach right before you go on stage.''' ,'''A lot of my new material is about being a dad for the first time, about how amazing and stressful it is to be a parent. But don't worry, you will still laugh if you have never had kids.''' ,'''I'm just a simple man from Bolton but I think we should use more natural sources.''' ,'''And when the kids were born, I had that strange working-class mentality of these kids are here now, I've gotta provide for 'em.''' ,'''I think the charm that 'Take Me Out' has, is that your mum and dad can watch, understand and enjoy it, students can understand it and you can watch it with your friends.''' ,'''Back when I was a young lad, I'm not condoning this, but there wasn't as much traffic on the roads. My dad used to drive a Hillman Avenger, and he would take me on the road driving that.''' ,'''I didn't like flying - although not in a 'Mr T' way.''' ,'''I was always told as a kid the most important thing you could have was a job that paid you sick pay if you needed it and came with a bit of a pension.''' ,'''I'm thrilled to be hosting 'Catchpoint'. It's always exciting being part of a new show, especially one that involves so many fun elements.''' ,'''I was just like that anyhow - wherever I used to work, jobs-wise, I'd always be in the canteen talking to people and laughing and everything.''' ,'''When you're filming any show off a live audience, you get a feedback straightaway about how it's going, and the audience always enjoyed it.''' ,'''The one thing I made a point of doing, when we were sat with the producers rehearsing, is I'd never see the answers.''' ,'''I'll probably watch 'Top Gear' with the family and the kids.''' ,'''I play along myself, even though I can't help the player. So I can't say what I think the answer might be. But I'll be playing in my head, while they are.''' ,]
+++