+++
author = "Brian May"
title = "Brian May Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Brian May Quotes"
keywords = "brian may,brian may quotes,brian may quote,brian may sayings,brian may saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just want to be able to play as fast as my brain goes, and my brain doesn't go all that fast.''' ,'''For a time I didn't want to answer any questions about Queen. I'd like to be viewed as something alive and relevant, not some fossil.''' ,'''There are a lot of things in Queen albums that you don't expect; that's why we threw them in.''' ,'''Astronomy's much more fun when you're not an astronomer.''' ,'''The guitar was my weapon, my shield to hide behind.''' ,'''There are times when I flick through magazines and think I'm in danger of becoming a prisoner of my own hair.''' ,'''I despise the Lottery. There's less chance of you becoming a millionaire than there is of getting hit on the head by a passing asteroid.''' ,'''I think music is about our internal life. It's part of the way people touch each other. That's very precious to me. And astronomy is, in a sense, the very opposite thing. Instead of looking inwards, you are looking out, to things beyond our grasp.''' ,'''In print, people can do anything to you. Everything you do is picked apart. People love it; they're waiting for you to make a mistake.''' ,'''Every time I listen to Jeff Beck my whole view of guitar changes radically. He's way, way out, doing things you never expect.''' ,'''I don't surf the net in general. I have someone do it for me instead, because I find it sluggish.''' ,'''I don't think anybody comes close to The Beatles, including Oasis.''' ,'''Queen songs are not about the life of a rock star - they tend to be about the lives of normal people, which is why I think the songs connect so much. We're very lucky that they seemingly connect with every generation.''' ,'''I was actually perfectly happy when I had no money, which lasted right up until we had a hit with Killer Queen, in 1974. I never wanted for anything.''' ,'''At the moment the Queen stuff does sell really well, but there's no guarantee it'll go on forever.''' ,'''Each gig should be unique. You're always treading that line between keeping yourself fresh and giving people something they want to hear.''' ,'''I'm pretty basic as far as technique is concerned. I don't use many gadgets, and I like the sound my guitar makes, anyway.''' ,'''Einstein got most of the things right about black holes. I'm not an expert, I must admit.''' ,'''I spent 20 years of my life building up Queen, and now I'm spending years of my life trying to get away from it.''' ,'''The biggest emotion in creation is the bridge to optimism.''' ,'''The Wedding March has a bit of a death march in it.''' ,'''Mantovani was a great influence on me.''' ,'''Queen songs tend to be about very personal things: personal dreams and personal ambitions.''' ,'''The first nine albums there was never a Synthesiser, never any Orchestra. There was never any other player except us on the albums.''' ,'''The guitar has a kind of grit and excitement possessed by nothing else.''' ,'''It's wonderful for me to see what 'We Will Rock You' has done. 'We Will Rock You' and 'We Are the Champions' have kind of transcended the normal framework of where music is listened to and appreciated - they've become part of public life, which I feel wonderful about.''' ,'''I really thought I was pretty good before I saw Hendrix, and then I thought: Yeah, not so good.''' ,'''Sanctions always hurt the poor, the weak, the children.''' ,'''I never took sheet music seriously. I could do better myself just by listening to other people and using my own intuition.''' ,'''Everybody thought I was a bit of an eccentric for wanting to be out there looking at the stars, but I still do.''' ,'''I had this big thing about guitar harmonies. I wanted to be the first to put proper three-part harmonies onto a record. That was an achievement.''' ,'''I'm not a person for sitting on beaches. What would I do?''' ,'''There is no way that you can ever really repeat something. I have this great belief that the magic of the moment can never be recaptured.''' ,'''I like to go for a walk or swimming or in the garden when I can. It's a busy kind of life, but I guess I'm lucky.''' ,'''We do play to our audience. It's very important. You can't create music in a vacuum.''' ,'''I go through major crises every few months, but then I have great peaks of belief and creativity. I'm a weird kind of animal.''' ,'''From the beginning of Queen there was such momentum that I never had any time to do anything else. My energy was 95% focused on the band.''' ,'''There's nothing I'm embarrassed about.''' ,'''The music itself is very challenging, so I've never really felt the lack of stimulation. I love to be creating; I love to be making things and solving problems, I suppose, and when I'm not, then I'm not an incredibly good person to be around. If I'm not busy, then I think I would be disaster. That's just the way things are.''' ,]
+++