+++
author = "Lyndsy Fonseca"
title = "Lyndsy Fonseca Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Lyndsy Fonseca Quotes"
keywords = "lyndsy fonseca,lyndsy fonseca quotes,lyndsy fonseca quote,lyndsy fonseca sayings,lyndsy fonseca saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would really love to do the score for movies. Pick the music and work with composers. I don't know if I'd be any good at it, but I love music.''' ,'''When I was a dancer, I felt this great sense of knowing my body and being in my body, and I think it's really easy as women to lose that and not really be one and loving it.''' ,'''It's really hard to meet good women in Hollywood.''' ,'''Pilates is my favorite meditative way to get in shape. I don't like the gym and I don't like running, so I just lay on my Pilates reformer. It's great.''' ,'''My biggest lesson in becoming a woman is to really love what I've been given.''' ,'''When a man leaves you notes saying he loves you, or asks how your day was - and then listens - you feel special.''' ,'''Guys need to know when to take charge.''' ,'''Literally since I could walk... I was performing.''' ,'''I love 'Halloween,' and I love 'The Thing.'''' ,'''Comic-Con is overwhelming when you have such a long day of press schedules.''' ,'''Women tend to take care of men a lot, but I like a guy who balances that out and takes care of me, too.''' ,'''I think it's very rare that you see girl friendships on television. It's always cattiness and all that drama.''' ,'''Oh God, I would love to do Broadway, but I'm unfortunately not a very good singer.''' ,'''I love 'Breaking Bad.' I think that's my favorite show.''' ,'''I am the worst cook. I make a mess making a bowl of cereal... like, I'm just such a klutz in the kitchen.''' ,'''I wanted to be a dancer my whole life. And when I gave it up to act, I always had a really sad part of myself that missed it and missed performing and missed being physical in that way.''' ,'''I'm very bubbly, so when people meet me, they sometimes think I'm fake. I'm excited to meet new people, but I guess I sound like I'm being sarcastic.''' ,'''The best relationships are when you both want to make each other happy - you buy the groceries, I do the dishes.''' ,]
+++