+++
author = "Jason Witten"
title = "Jason Witten Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Jason Witten Quotes"
keywords = "jason witten,jason witten quotes,jason witten quote,jason witten sayings,jason witten saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have so much respect for this game and the process that goes into playing at a high level.''' ,'''There's so many ways to be passionate about what you do.''' ,'''There are a lot of good tight ends.''' ,'''Like others before me, I have a great opportunity as an NFL player to make a difference in the lives of others.''' ,'''My parents getting divorced gave me the opportunity to play for my granddad and to meet my wife. I fell in the draft but I ended up in Dallas.''' ,'''Granddad taught me a long time ago, act like you've been there before.''' ,'''He could rush the passer, he could bull you, he could beat you speed inside and quickness. Those are long days when you had Michael Strahan lining up right over your head for 60 minutes, because most defensive ends are good at one or the other. Michael was really good at both.''' ,'''I love to play football. And I think anybody that's ever been my teammate or I've been theirs understands how much I love that.''' ,'''You want to fight for everything you can get, every yard, every drive, every opportunity that you have.''' ,'''When I've had injuries where there's nothing structurally wrong and I know it's just about gutting through? I have the ability to say, 'Get better. I'm good.'''' ,'''Anytime you kind of take the road that I've taken, people don't know what to expect.''' ,'''I know this: the opportunity to play, when that leaves, it is over.''' ,'''My job is to be able to perform for three hours or three and a half hours every Sunday and I've got to work my tail off to get to the point where I can do it, and that's what motivates me.''' ,'''We all get motivated differently and I think as you get older, you'd be foolish not to draw on your experiences from the past.''' ,'''From minute one, I thought that after I called a game, I said 'Man, I thought I would enjoy calling a game a little more than I probably did.' I thought I would enjoy that part of it. I didn't have the fulfillment that I thought I probably would.''' ,'''If you want to grow as a player, it takes commitment.''' ,'''The mental focus it takes to compete against the best players in the world is not easy to maintain. Developing mental toughness is a learned trait, and if you can't develop it in your pursuit of success, you likely won't last in any competitive line of work for more than a cup of coffee.''' ,'''Since I was 15 or 16 years old, my grandfather was my high school football coach and my life's been ball. Dinners we're talking about ball and college we're talking about ball.''' ,'''It's special to me, a privilege being a role model. I take pride in being a good one.''' ,'''Those heartaches, those cries in your life that you go through, I thought that every kid goes through them. I knew I didn't have much, but I didn't know there was another side out there. I thought one present for Christmas was the way it is.''' ,'''Every time you go out, you want to help your team, play your best and don't let any opportunities slide by.''' ,'''The Cowboys have done a good job at developing young players.''' ,'''You want to be able to run seam routes and do all that, but to have something that you can hang your hat on and know that it's going to convert first downs, that's what tight ends are paid to do. And I've certainly taken a lot of pride in that over the years.''' ,'''I took pride in knowing, 'Hey, my numbers may be down, but football guys know I'm playing at a high level.'''' ,'''There's high expectations for Cowboys. There's been some great quarterbacks who have come through that organization.''' ,'''I really think for any tight end around my age, Shannon Sharpe was the guy you looked to in Denver, him and Elway and what they were able to achieve.''' ,'''Fantasy football is good for the fans and good for the game.''' ,'''I think you've got to have an unbelievable amount of passion and love for the game, even though it's a job and there's a lot of things that go on in the business side of it.''' ,'''Any competitor, I think, wants to be the best every time they're out there.''' ,'''A lot of guys I've seen in my career that played at a high level and were done, they moved on, never thought another day about it.''' ,'''I always say that I continue to set the standard really high for myself, but you don't get into a catch count or any of that stuff. I think it's just in how you play, how you approach the game.''' ,'''We know it's a young man's game.''' ,'''In football there for a long time, I knew even if it was a bad day, a bad day at the office, it was still going to be really good in most cases.''' ,'''There's something to be said with your quarterback your leader being there on Day 1.''' ,'''Hopefully I can play until I'm 40.''' ,'''So much is made of catches and doing all of that. But inside a team, the things you remember are the moments when nobody thinks you can do it and you try to rally your team and try to add some inspiration for them.''' ,'''I just want to exhaust every opportunity to play and obviously try to play in a game like this - the Super Bowl.''' ,'''I believe in myself.''' ,'''You got to be able to listen to what the coaches are saying and not get your feelings hurt.''' ,'''The things I learned early on from my granddad, the things he instilled in me, are still to this day a huge part and a huge priority of my own life. Even the little stuff like my granddad always telling me to tuck in my shirt at church. It sticks with you.''' ,'''People talk about how precious the relationships of teammates are and the brotherhood and bond.''' ,'''There's an old saying in football - the circus doesn't stay in town forever. The older you get, the more you realize there's a deeper meaning. It's better to leave 3 hours too soon than a minute too late.''' ,'''If you're in the NFL for more than five minutes you see that you can be here today and gone tomorrow. That's why I played the way I did. I think that's why I worked hard to not miss a game, fight through injuries and all that stuff because when it's gone, it's gone.''' ,'''Being a fan of the game, you always look up to those types of guys that really have given you an opportunity.''' ,'''Look, I had a great experience in the booth. I saw a different perspective.''' ,'''I'm a steak and potato guy.''' ,'''I don't believe in moral victories. I don't think in pro ball they exist, and they shouldn't exist.''' ,'''A big part of me has been tied to coaching and I want to get into coaching and make a difference that way.''' ,'''You just constantly are evaluating and learning and drawing players and coverages and talking through it. It's part of making you the player, how you want to approach the game.''' ,'''Aaron Rodgers, he throws that back-shoulder throw so well.''' ,'''Negative social media can ruin a player. Reading your mentions? It's poison.''' ,'''It's pretty cool to play against your idol.''' ,'''Fitting in with teammates has never been an issue for me. It's always something that came very natural.''' ,'''Early on, yeah, my life was a bit of a roller coaster.''' ,'''The great ones hate to lose more than they love to win.''' ,'''There's nothing better than having a positive impact on kids.''' ,'''Yeah, I probably talk a little bit of trash.''' ,'''I have 16 years in Dallas. I would love finish it off there. But I also understand and am not naive enough to think that... it may need to be somewhere else. I think that's how this business works. So you have to be open to that idea, for sure.''' ,'''I think any player would say that they want their coaches' respect, they want their teammates' respect, and they want their opponent to respect them.''' ,'''My career has been defined, in a good way, on the option route. And a lot of times, it's a bang-bang play. It's a great play because it can convert first downs. But at the same time, you don't get a lot of those opportunities in the open field.''' ,'''I have a lot of respect for every opponent. I don't know if there's just one who I say, 'that guy intimidates me.' When I was young and first came into the league, Ray Lewis was that guy. I was young.''' ,'''I played to have a chance to win and be around guys that have that same commitment.''' ,'''Every time an older player gets toward the end of their career, they're always talking about 'I feel better now than I did 10 years ago.'''' ,'''Look, it's a show-me game. I've got to be able to show it.''' ,'''We all want more money, it just doesn't work that way.''' ,'''Ideally, if you ask most tight ends, they would say we want the defender on us early. The reason for that is we feel like, for one, we know where we're going. Two, we can attack leverage, it declares itself if it's truly man coverage. We can work the release.''' ,'''Being famous is fun.''' ,'''I work hard every day not only to be a success on the football field and a credit to my team - but to be a good husband, father, son, grandson, teammate - to be the kind of man that is as respected as Walter Payton was.''' ,'''When you call a game, it's almost like you're doing a three-hour movie and the production of it all, living in the moment in real time, the replays, all the intricacies that go into putting a game in a broadcast. It's not just 100 percent football.''' ,'''When a new coaching staff comes in, there are a lot of changes that happen with that.''' ,'''I am a gamer. I became a gamer since I had kids... much more than I used to be when I'd play 'Madden' and 'NCAA Football' in high school and college.''' ,'''Excellence is a high performance over a long period of time. That's what I've tried to focus on.''' ,'''I am extremely flattered to be chosen the 2012 Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year from such an esteemed group of nominees.''' ,'''My brother one time after a little league basketball game, I think he messed up or something had happened in the game, ends up getting in an argument with my dad. Ultimately he gets pushed down and he ends up cutting the back of his head. He had six or seven stitches over a 10-year-old basketball game. That was tough to watch.''' ,'''You have to be able to recognize the value of the people around you.''' ,'''My whole approach in calling a game is that you want to be fun and entertaining, but you also want to be the voice of reason too.''' ,'''My game's really never referenced as shake 'n' bake.''' ,'''For me, I just focus on playing, playing at a high level. And when you can't do that any longer, you've got to get off the train.''' ,'''Look, you cannot try to be somebody that you're not.''' ,'''I'm going to be humble, I'm going to be accountable, do it with a smile on my face, make other people around me better.''' ,'''You try to make the decisions that you think are best in realtime.''' ,'''I just want to be deliberate in the process of knowing what it takes to play.''' ,'''As a kid, you just want to play football. For me one day it will end, but until the end I love getting the opportunity to go out there and play at a high level.''' ,'''Like most tight ends I was a pass-receiving tight end coming into the league.''' ,'''I've seen the negative impact social media can have, particularly on younger players, who grew up with Twitter and Instagram as an integral part of life.''' ,'''That's what a team does is stay together.''' ,'''I have a deep desire to have success, to play a high level, and to win championships.''' ,'''There comes a point in every season for every team that you start to separate yourself, and you see the league do that every year.''' ,'''I think Tony Gonzalez always set the standard. He was the guy that, I think for all of us, when I came in that was really kinda taking this league over as the tight end position. I think Shannon Sharpe was another one.''' ,'''Head coach is the leader. He's the guy that sets the tone for the whole organization as far as the structure of the football side of things.''' ,'''I've spent my entire adulthood in pro football.''' ,'''I'm always going to be a Cowboy.''' ,'''Once you're a player, you always have a little bit of that in you.''' ,'''When you break a collarbone or do something like that, that's out of your control.''' ,'''Fortunately for me, my grandfather gave us a life I could never dream of. He was my high school football coach, my best friend, my school teacher - really my dad.''' ,'''You've got to be able to compete and play at a high level.''' ,'''A player checking Twitter at halftime? I've seen it. A player tweeting out a grievance with an organization about playing time or how he is being utilized? I see it far too often. But the most concerning? Watching a really talented player corrupt his mind and confidence by reading all the critiques from anonymous football experts around the world.''' ,'''I've always felt like I know how much I've put into every offseason.''' ,'''Wins in this league are precious.''' ,]
+++