+++
author = "Patrick Kane"
title = "Patrick Kane Quotes"
quotes_len = "76"
description = "the best 76 Patrick Kane Quotes"
keywords = "patrick kane,patrick kane quotes,patrick kane quote,patrick kane sayings,patrick kane saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Something even minor I do is going to be reported because of things that have happened in the past. You have to be aware of that.''' ,'''It has been a motto of mine my whole life - just be yourself.''' ,'''People might not view me as competitive as I really am.''' ,'''I'm probably the guy who keeps it loose around the room and tries to joke around with guys before the game, keeping things funny.''' ,'''Obviously ,you want to demand the puck; you want to have it as much as you can because you feel like good things can happen when it's on your stick.''' ,'''We're here to win. We're not here just for the experience.''' ,'''It's good to get out there and kind of move the body around a little bit, play some hockey, enjoy Nashville as a city and spend some time with family and friends.''' ,'''When you're 18, 19, you think you know everything, but you have no clue about anything.''' ,'''It's good when you're getting points - you're obviously feeling confident.''' ,'''Just try to focus one game at a time, not worry about points or anything like that. Worry about playing the right way and see what comes of it.''' ,'''For me, I was really lucky to go to a city like Chicago where the team was struggling at the time, and I was able to go in and play right away.''' ,'''I'm not out there to be blocking shots or fighting guys. I'm out there to produce offensively.''' ,'''I still love playing the game, and it's amazing we can do this as a so-called 'job,' and it's amazing we can come to the rink every day and play the game we love.''' ,'''As an offensive player, you always want to produce and score goals, especially when that's your job on the team.''' ,'''I think for me, personally, I'm a guy who has watched ESPN ever since I've been growing up. You turn it on, and it's one of the first stories - the Blackhawks and hockey, which you don't really see on that station. That's cool to see.''' ,'''I think sometimes when you play those extra shifts, it gets you into the game a little bit more and gets you a little bit more involved.''' ,'''If you do something wrong, it's going to be all over the place. Not only does that go for me, but anyone in here. You just really have to be aware of it.''' ,'''That's something USA Hockey has been trying to do for a long time is prove that we can play with the Canadians and the Russians and the Swedes and Finns consistently on a tournament basis.''' ,'''I'll always welcome some extra shifts and some extra ice time, and it's my job to be as prepared as possible to play those minutes.''' ,'''If I was bigger I might not have had the same skill set as I do, the speed.''' ,'''I like Joe Sakic. Coming out of Buffalo, I obviously like Alexander Mogliny, Pat LaFontaine. Hasek is up there. Miroslav Satan. Whoever seemed to be a good player at the time I'd watch. Jagr too. I tried to learn a lot from those guys.''' ,'''It's cool that I'm 20 and am on the cover of the video game. A lot of kids play hockey, and a few get drafted, and only a few get to be on the cover. It's a great feeling.''' ,'''I don't want to be satisfied with where I'm at or happy about what I've done. I want to keep pushing it.''' ,'''I love scoring for the fans, for the team, for myself. That's not to say that I won't pass if I see a teammate in a better scoring position. But I like to score.''' ,'''There are some guys you definitely would not want dating your sister - especially hockey players.''' ,'''I did charity events with the Cup all the time.''' ,'''I stickhandle a lot at practice. I watch a lot of hockey, so I try to either pick up something from other players or watch some video and see what kind of move would work in the same situation.''' ,'''For me personally, I try to use my size to my advantage where I can either slip by guys or try to create more space for myself.''' ,'''There are great fans in Chicago. I think you'd rather have them recognize than not recognize you.''' ,'''Obviously, not playing a game before playoffs is something that happened, but especially going into the playoffs, you try to feel yourself out, where you're at, and then get right into game tempo and jump right in and play where you were before the injury.''' ,'''It's good for the NHL to implement different things - the 3-on-3, money that'll go to players - to try to get us to play at a higher level.''' ,'''I don't know if I expected to be a captain of an All-Star team. It's pretty cool.''' ,'''I think the big thing is you really have one chance to do this... to play hockey for a living, you have one chance at your career, and you have to take full advantage of it.''' ,'''I love to score goals, and I love to plan my celebrations.''' ,'''Sometimes it's nice just being in your own room and having a quiet night and relaxing and getting ready for the game.''' ,'''The little kids in the stands are going to give you a good cheer. Sometimes, that overrides the other people.''' ,'''Whether it's just walking down the street to try to go to a movie, go to dinner, something like that, there are always a few people that recognize you.''' ,'''I always go home to Buffalo in the offseason. I really enjoy my home town.''' ,'''When I go down the ice, I feel it, the wind in the side of my hair, and then I got the party in the back.''' ,'''You want maybe to be that guy or one of the few guys who can help develop the game in the United States.''' ,'''My favorite thing to do in this world is to be on the ice playing hockey and try to entertain fans and bring wins to the Chicago Blackhawks.''' ,'''I think you grow up every year, every day. You learn something new and try to really worry about what's important in life.''' ,'''Just try to get the puck and make plays, not so much worry about scoring or getting an assist or points, just try to get it and make plays. That should take care of itself.''' ,'''Understanding where to be in your own zone really takes some time and development to learn.''' ,'''I know hockey is growing in the U.S., and it's becoming more popular, but anything to get the game out there and see how we view it. We view it as the best game in the world.''' ,'''I know the person I am, and I know the person I can be.''' ,'''I'm just kind of focused on playing the game and try to get better at certain things and wipe the slate clean every night.''' ,'''Especially in the day and age now with social media and cameraphones and things like that, you always have to act like you're being watched.''' ,'''I've always prided myself on being myself and trying to stick true to who I am and how I was raised.''' ,'''I wouldn't be face-washing anyone in real life. I'd be skating to the bench real fast to get away.''' ,'''If I score a goal on the road, I come home, and that's probably the first thing I'm doing, pullin' up the laptop and watching. Can't watch it in front of the teammates, or else I'll get made fun of.''' ,'''It's always cool to go to different places and see what's really out there in the world.''' ,'''I like having those preseason games and exhibitions to really get ready for the regular season and get yourself off to a good start.''' ,'''You spend enough time with someone, you're going to have your run-ins.''' ,'''It's kind of crazy to think I'm still 22 and going into my fifth season. Time has been flying by. I think it's about that time I really take the next step to the elite level.''' ,'''I probably spend the most time with Toews: we have the same schedule, and we're roomies on the road; we sit next to each other. We do a lot of promotions together.''' ,'''I think, for me, I'm a player that wants the puck, and I'm a better player when I have it.''' ,'''You grow up... you spend five years rooming with each other, and you're going to get sick of each other at times. And you're going to have some good times as well.''' ,'''It's pretty funny, just driving by in a cab, and you see a huge billboard of yourself on the side of a hotel, like a 100-by-100 poster hanging up.''' ,'''I think I owe it to myself to put my best effort forward and prove how good I can be.''' ,'''I've noticed if you look too far ahead, it only works negatively on you.''' ,'''Obviously, you want to help the team win in any way possible. If that's scoring goals, great.''' ,'''I think you try to improve every season and every game and be prepared about certain defensemen you're playing against, certain ways to find open ice.''' ,'''Anytime you hear different things - whether it's trade rumors or people saying you're not living up to your complete potential - you're obviously going to get ticked off about that.''' ,'''I love the game of hockey. I love being part of it. I think I know a lot about the game.''' ,'''I try to pride myself on being involved with the fans and taking pictures when they're asked for because I know I was that little kid one day that really looked up to stars like myself, and I try to give them that on my behalf.''' ,'''It's obviously disappointing and surreal when you see someone else win the Stanley Cup.''' ,'''I myself feel that I'm a well-rounded player and got a lot better defensively and without the puck as time has gone on.''' ,'''Since I was drafted by the Blackhawks, the people of Chicago have really embraced me and treated me with nothing but respect.''' ,'''It's great to be able to continue my career in Chicago. Playing with the best organization in sports and the best fans in the game is a blessing.''' ,'''It's funny: when you're skating around during warm-ups, I'll see signs that say things like: 'Kane, Prom?' We have a fun, young team, and girls are asking you to the prom and giving you their numbers.''' ,'''I love to play the game, love to be around the rink, and love to joke around with my teammates and have some fun.''' ,'''For PSP, we play the 'SOCOM' game as a team on the plane, and it's pretty cool because you can connect to everyone.''' ,'''It's kind of cool to have the whole country at your back. Not just a city, but the whole country is rooting for you.''' ,'''I want to be someone who can be a role model to kids - and to everyone, for that matter.''' ,'''A lot of the players that I play with who are Canadian, they call me Patty. Before then, I never heard it. I didn't mind Patty.''' ,]
+++