+++
author = "Ben Huh"
title = "Ben Huh Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Ben Huh Quotes"
keywords = "ben huh,ben huh quotes,ben huh quote,ben huh sayings,ben huh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The time to realize that you need to transition out of your job is when you know that you've grown out of the role that you were doing before.''' ,'''I want to know everything there is to know about a specific area. And it's winning at that mastery that really drives me. I want to be best at something. I don't even know what 'this' is, but there's this inner drive to be the best.''' ,'''I know a lot of people love applications on their phone, but I'm like, 'Yeah, I understand the nice experience, but there's something about it that doesn't flow well.' Opening an app, closing it, moving to something else. There's something about the open web that's very free flowing.''' ,'''When people call something a 'fail,' it's because you tried to accomplish something but didn't make it. If you're just walking down the street and something bad just happens to you, that's not really a fail on your part. You might call that situation a fail.''' ,'''The fact of the matter is that the Internet has brought together millions of people who trust one another for reasons that are unknown.''' ,'''I want to be happy. I realized that being happy isn't necessarily about getting there, it's how you get there. It almost sounds like a cliche, but every entrepreneur I've talked to - every good entrepreneur - really enjoys the 'how you get here.'''' ,'''The Internet is far more engaging as an interactive medium than broadcast. Barriers to creating content are going away; they're almost gone. People are taking control of their entertainment. People are Tweeting, posting on Facebook and YouTube.''' ,'''I don't need to have someone tell me what I'm going to be entertained by.''' ,'''Get away from the place that makes you feel comfortable with your depression. The reality is it's never as bad as the insanity you've created in your head.''' ,'''The Internet's a big enough place for everybody to be happy.''' ,'''New media's not very old, hence the word new, so we don't know a lot of things about new media and by the time you've taught it it's probably out of date. I think it's much more beneficial to have an experiential lesson versus a classroom lesson in new media.''' ,'''Journalism is a craft that takes years to learn. It's like golf. You never get it right all the time. It's a game of fewer errors, better facts, and better reporting.''' ,'''Entrepreneurs go through real problems and come up with real solutions. It's not fake. You can do all the right things and still lose. You can do all the wrong things and still will.''' ,]
+++