+++
author = "Thurgood Marshall"
title = "Thurgood Marshall Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Thurgood Marshall Quotes"
keywords = "thurgood marshall,thurgood marshall quotes,thurgood marshall quote,thurgood marshall sayings,thurgood marshall saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''None of us got where we are solely by pulling ourselves up by our bootstraps. We got here because somebody - a parent, a teacher, an Ivy League crony or a few nuns - bent down and helped us pick up our boots.''' ,'''Mere access to the courthouse doors does not by itself assure a proper functioning of the adversary process.''' ,'''Our whole constitutional heritage rebels at the thought of giving government the power to control men's minds.''' ,'''What is the quality of your intent?''' ,'''My father had a flat rule. He believed that every man's house was his castle. He had a flat rule: no man could come in his house without his permission.''' ,'''We could get more action in the South because the Negroes had a feeling that they were being oppressed. But you take New York, for example: they'd give Negroes little five-cent jobs here and there - and they thought they had something. And the same in Chicago and any of the metropolitan areas.''' ,'''Each of you, as an individual, must pick your own goals. Listen to others, but do not become a blind follower.''' ,''''Black' is an adjective, in my book, and the way I use it, sometimes I'll say 'black people.' But if I'm talking about a person, I'm going to say 'a Negro,' because I was taught to say that, and I don't see any reason to change it. I don't think that gives pride or anything else. I don't think you get pride by calling yourself this or that.''' ,'''It is important that the strongest pressures against the continuation of segregation, North or South, be continually and constantly manifested. Probably, as much as anything else, this is the key in the elimination of discrimination in the United States.''' ,'''Where you see wrong or inequality or injustice, speak out, because this is your country. This is your democracy. Make it. Protect it. Pass it on.''' ,'''Deciding not to decide is, of course, among the most important things done by the Supreme Court. It takes a lot of doing, but it can be done.''' ,'''In recognizing the humanity of our fellow beings, we pay ourselves the highest tribute.''' ,'''I have a lifetime appointment and I intend to serve it. I expect to die at 110, shot by a jealous husband.''' ,'''Ending racial discrimination in jury selection can be accomplished only by eliminating peremptory challenges entirely.''' ,'''As soon as I reach any town, I talk to the shoe-shine boys or the barbers or the people in the restaurants, because it's Mr. Joe Doakes who is very close to reality.''' ,'''When you hear a lot of stories about Africa, and you get to a place like Kenya and other countries like that, where they think the same way we do, I was happy to find that the Schedule of Rights that I drew for the Kenyan Government was working very well.''' ,'''It was taken for granted that we had to make something of ourselves. Not much was said about it; it was just in the atmosphere of the home.''' ,'''Today's Constitution is a realistic document of freedom only because of several corrective amendments. Those amendments speak to a sense of decency and fairness that I and other Blacks cherish.''' ,'''Surely the fact that a uniformed police officer is wearing his hair below his collar will make him no less identifiable as a policeman.''' ,'''I never worked hard until I got to the Howard Law School and met Charlie Houston... I saw this man's dedication, his vision, his willingness to sacrifice, and I told myself, 'You either shape up or ship out.' When you are being challenged by a great human being, you know that you can't ship out.''' ,'''This is a great country, but fortunately for you, it is not perfect. There is much to be done to bring about complete equality. Remove hunger. Bring reality closer to theory and democratic principles.''' ,'''A child born to a Black mother in a state like Mississippi... has exactly the same rights as a white baby born to the wealthiest person in the United States. It's not true, but I challenge anyone to say it is not a goal worth working for.''' ,'''If the First Amendment means anything, it means that a state has no business telling a man, sitting alone in his house, what books he may read or what films he may watch.''' ,'''We deal here with the right of all of our children, whatever their race, to an equal start in life and to an equal opportunity to reach their full potential as citizens. Those children who have been denied that right in the past deserve better than to see fences thrown up to deny them that right in the future.''' ,'''Sometimes history takes things into its own hands.''' ,]
+++