+++
author = "Ryan Frazier"
title = "Ryan Frazier Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Ryan Frazier Quotes"
keywords = "ryan frazier,ryan frazier quotes,ryan frazier quote,ryan frazier sayings,ryan frazier saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My interest in this Senate seat really had nothing to do with President Obama's success. I've been convinced that the right person can win, regardless.''' ,'''If you do right by people, and you talk to the basic issues most people care about and have a vision for how we can achieve so much more as a country, as a community, I believe that resonates with people.''' ,'''My goal is to give our taxpayers greater access and visibility into how their taxpayer dollars are being spent.''' ,'''People realized that I'm willing to stand up for things that I believe in, despite the political consequences and overwhelming pressure.''' ,'''I know what it takes to win. I know a general election is going to come down to not only Republican voters but my ability to connect with independent and women voters.''' ,'''I had dreams of high political office.''' ,'''I chose the Republican Party because of the principles the party was founded on. This was the party of freedom. This was the party that sought the abolition of slavery.''' ,'''Good jobs that allow Coloradans to pursue their dreams and provide for their families are vital to a prosperous country and empower each person.''' ,'''I just care about the heart and soul of our country and the direction it's headed in.''' ,'''I was very thankful that my mother was a very strong mom. She was mom and dad. She is mom and dad. She is my hero.''' ,'''We must re-ignite that American spirit in order to create good jobs, to keep America safe from terror, to replace Obamacare with consumer choice solutions, and to secure our borders.''' ,'''Does racism exist in this country? Sure. But I think the overwhelming majority of Americans who care about this country do not care about skin color.''' ,'''As a kid, watching your dad leave, that's pretty powerful.''' ,'''I've found throughout life that people do not care how much you know until they know how much you care.''' ,'''I share certain conservative values, but I also believe there is a certain humanity in the basic way you treat people.''' ,'''I got kicked out of Harvard after three weeks.''' ,'''In order for Republicans... to grow its ranks, it must reflect America.''' ,'''The U.S. should incentivize energy production instead of penalizing it.''' ,'''I was always the one pushing the envelope, stirring things up, sometimes getting in trouble. I was always the first one to get a spanking as a kid.''' ,'''It's going to take more than a handslap to keep me from fighting for what I believe.''' ,'''As a father, small businessman, Navy intelligence veteran, and co-founder of a public charter school, I'm ready to bring common-sense solutions to how we move America in a better direction.''' ,]
+++