+++
author = "Jose Aldo"
title = "Jose Aldo Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jose Aldo Quotes"
keywords = "jose aldo,jose aldo quotes,jose aldo quote,jose aldo sayings,jose aldo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I lived in a favela.''' ,'''I fight for my fans. I love putting on a good show for them, and I feel that they enjoy a good stand-up game.''' ,'''I've never had any fear in my entire career.''' ,'''Everybody knows if you have the rules, you need to follow the rules and do exactly what you need to do.''' ,'''I like to watch women's MMA more than men fighting because they always do their best and fight hard.''' ,'''If I say one thing to the UFC, I say it in an interview. I don't have conflicting stories.''' ,'''I want to follow my path.''' ,'''Yes, I think about having a career in boxing, but I want to start from the bottom, start from zero. I want to get ranked and one day fight for a belt. I don't want to fight just to fight, for money, to go after big fights and challenge a great champion.''' ,'''What I want is to leave this sport as champion. I want to be the only featherweight champion. That's when I'll leave the sport.''' ,'''The athlete is not treated like he deserves. We deserve better. I'm not speaking only about the UFC, but about the media as well. The fans treat us really well.''' ,'''My objective since I started my career was: become the champion, remain the champion, retire the champion.''' ,'''Rankings mean nothing. You have to talk trash.''' ,'''We always try the knockout, but it's hard to get it if the opponent always runs away.''' ,'''I can fight Cain Velasquez if they want. It's not up to me, I'm not the matchmaker.''' ,'''Featherweight division is one of the most complicated and tough classes in UFC.''' ,'''I want superfights, to challenge other opponents.''' ,'''People come to me to say I don't sell; Brazilian media say I don't give interviews. Nobody is obligated to do anything.''' ,'''Some people win 10, 15, and don't fight for the belt.''' ,'''Everybody fights for money, of course, but I wanted to leave a legacy when I retired, get my name in the history. I don't think like that anymore. When I lost the belt, I saw how reality is. Champion means nothing.''' ,'''I've considered going to lightweight. As soon as my trainer decides that I can go up, then I will.''' ,'''When I first fought in the U.S., the size of the crowd was something I was not used to seeing, but you get used to it.''' ,'''Some fighters have a great punch; others don't.''' ,'''I focus on myself, and I train for myself.''' ,'''We always try give the best of us in training to go in the cage and have a good performance, thus giving millions for the company. We also want to have part of these millions.''' ,'''Something I always liked to train is kickboxing.''' ,'''I have to respect my opponent, always, doesn't matter who he is, but I'll get in there and win. That's a fact.''' ,'''We came from a humble background but with a lot of love, so we were able to overcome that.''' ,'''I like to stay on my feet and exchange.''' ,'''If you lose, no one will remember you, but if you're the champion, they will always remember you.''' ,'''We get paid way less than we deserve. We deliver shows and deserve to get paid more. We practically pay to do this. You deserve to get better paid if you sell the fight.''' ,'''I've fought in front of thousands of people and never responded to the crowd. I got there, did my job, and left.''' ,'''When I started, athletes fought for honor, respect, philosophy.''' ,'''I want a superfight. That's my biggest wish. I want to test myself in different divisions.''' ,'''The best is that one that beats everybody. I don't care about the rankings.''' ,'''I'm the king of Dublin.''' ,'''I don't even watch my own fights. If it's not someone from my team or someone I like, I guarantee you that I'll go to the movies with my family instead.''' ,'''I was always the champion and will always be as long as I'm in the featherweight division.''' ,'''As long as I fight for myself, I will stay champion.''' ,'''The UFC makes 80, and athletes make 20. That's what happens. That's the real story.''' ,'''Portuguese is the language of my heart; it's the language of my feelings. It's the language that I feel I can express myself best in.''' ,'''Talking makes the fight bigger... When the fight is over, everyone goes in opposite sides with money in the pocket. You have to talk trash because that brings money.''' ,'''I think the legacy Ronda leaves behind is that she changed women's MMA.''' ,'''I've been in many wars already.''' ,'''We create difficulties in training, so we never think it's easy.''' ,'''I was a fan of jujitsu, so that pretty much got me started in fighting. I won a lot of local competitions when I was young and eventually won a ticket to go compete in Rio de Janeiro. In Rio, I struggled a lot in the beginning, living in the gym and not having much to eat, but eventually I joined the Nova Uniao Team and really improved my skills.''' ,'''My next fight is always the most important fight, so regardless if I'm fighting for the title or not, I always have to go in there and give everything that I've got.''' ,'''I don't want to fight until I'm 40. I don't even know if I'll get to 35.''' ,'''I don't cut weight, so it's no problem for me to fight at lightweight.''' ,'''The training is intense here at Nova Uniao.''' ,'''It doesn't matter who's competing in my division. I don't worry about it.''' ,'''I want the undisputed belt.''' ,'''I never fought for money. I had a good career and legacy as featherweight champion.''' ,'''I'm not scared of anyone. They have two arms and two legs, and I will do my best and win.''' ,'''We win, lose, but learn in the defeat.''' ,'''I wanted to train jiu-jitsu instead of capoeira because the mat was soft. It was better than training capoeira on the hard floor. I started reading jiu-jitsu magazines, reading about the world champions, and becoming one of them became my goal.''' ,'''Every time I'm in there, that's the best Aldo possible.''' ,'''I train every day to destroy whoever they put in front of me.''' ,'''If a fighter thinks he knows everything and stops trying to evolve, he's lost.''' ,'''Each person has a way to promote their fight. Each person has a way to try to create opportunity in their career.''' ,'''Every fight is a new fight.''' ,'''Pressure is nothing. It's part of the job.''' ,'''I take much pride in winning. I don't accept losses, so I'm always going after that. The day I lose this fire, I think it's time for us to stop.''' ,'''I fight for everybody, national and international, no matter where they are. I want to help those athletes. Not only those in the UFC - those that are in the big league and can have a better future - but those in the small promotions and need our help.''' ,'''Aldo is one guy. Barao is another one. We're friends, we're teammates, but it's a fight. Each one will defend his name.''' ,'''I always want more. I will always want to earn more.''' ,'''Thank God the UFC and MMA gave me a lot of stuff.''' ,'''McGregor has no respect for the sport, for the person. That's it. He's not good for the sport.''' ,'''Everyone should go up there and fight. Go up there and go through opponents and earn their opportunity to fight for the title, not talk their way into the title.''' ,'''That was my biggest dream, to one day become champion in MMA and boxing. That is my biggest dream.''' ,'''I love sports - I am a die-hard fan of soccer, and I am always at Maracana Stadium in Rio watching Flamengo play. I am also a big fan of basketball; I stay up at night to watch Lebron James play whenever I can.''' ,'''I think Americans are really patriotic people, so patriotism is something they can understand. I'm very patriotic about Brazil, my country, and that includes my language.''' ,'''Even parrots talk. I don't care about what they say.''' ,'''I watch my diet and I eat right, but I am not on a strict diet.''' ,'''A champion doesn't choose opponents or where the fight is going to be.''' ,'''I always did promotion for my fights.''' ,'''Not just me but everybody in the WEC was dreaming of fighting in the UFC and become a champ. Thank God I went there and became a champion. I root for the WEC guys. I do.''' ,'''I dream of being champion and dream going out as champion. That's my biggest motivation.''' ,'''McGregor was never a champion of anything. He defeated the champion and left.''' ,'''The UFC and WEC didn't give me anything. Everything I conquered was my merit and from my team.''' ,'''Every fighter seeks evolution.''' ,'''I'm always watching every featherweight that fights in the UFC because we can eventually fight in the future.''' ,'''Cub Swanson was the first to talk a lot on fight week in the WEC, and I got there and ran through him.''' ,'''When I'm inside the cage, nobody will take anything away from me.''' ,'''We always train with heavier sparring partners to make it harder so the fight will be easier.''' ,'''We have to talk a little trash to sell fights, talk more, because we know we will profit more from that. It's important.''' ,'''You have to be good wherever the fight goes, and that's how I try to be.''' ,'''I've competed for so many years that I can go in there and have fun and do what I love, which is fight and compete.''' ,'''No matter what happens, I will always be the champion.''' ,'''Chael Sonnen inspired everybody. You go there and call someone out, and you get the fight.''' ,'''My father was a bricklayer, and my mother was a housewife. It was complicated, obviously, because of our humble origin, but thank God we were all focused.''' ,'''I was really close to my father since I was young. He always told me that I had to work in order to become a man, so I had to stay with him when my mother left. He always took me to work to help him as a bricklayer. I was just a kid, so I did what I could do to help him.''' ,'''Every time I step in the Octagon, I always try to finish.''' ,'''Interim belt is made for media and fans, not for me.''' ,'''Nobody gave me anything. I conquered everything. And I gave them a lot more than they gave me back.''' ,'''I clear my mind; I don't think about the pressure before a fight. I focus on going in the cage and being successful while doing my job.''' ,'''Nobody stays young forever.''' ,'''Of course, people will be partial, but I put myself among the best in history.''' ,'''McGregor has a good punch, but he cannot say that he's the biggest puncher. MMA gloves are tiny - four ounces - so when they connect, they drop you.''' ,'''We need to know how to handle the criticism.''' ,'''I'm happy that Holloway is the champion. An example, someone who deserved being where he is.''' ,]
+++