+++
author = "Jimmy Bullard"
title = "Jimmy Bullard Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Jimmy Bullard Quotes"
keywords = "jimmy bullard,jimmy bullard quotes,jimmy bullard quote,jimmy bullard sayings,jimmy bullard saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Ive never read a book.''' ,'''I struggled to get into any sort of team as a kid, but I struggled along and, though it's amazing how long it has actually taken me, I am finally in the Premiership and to play against my old mates from West Ham, the team I supported as a boy, was unbelievable.''' ,'''Since I finished in football Ive had no sport in my life, no football. Ive always been geared towards something for the weekend, always had competition.''' ,'''When I first arrived at Leatherhead, I banned our keeper from kicking it long.''' ,'''I was a painter and decorator with my dad for four years and he gave me a lot of time off to train and to play non-league football and that was where I was finally spotted.''' ,'''If youre possession based, youve got to be as good as a midfielder.''' ,'''My image has always been big for me.''' ,'''But in football my main aim was to become a pro. I became one and played in the first division. But then I reached the Premier League and before I knew it I was in the England squad.''' ,'''The truth is that Roy Hodgson and I never clicked because I was far too outgoing for his liking and I had to rein that in when I was in front of him.''' ,'''Pubs create an environment for people to react, for families, friends to go and meet.''' ,'''If I have a keeper who can play like a central midfielder, then I have 11 players rather than 10. Ive got a deep sweeper.''' ,'''Being around my local community, seeing how many pubs are closing down there, it hurts me.''' ,'''I want to be out there playing but at the same time I know my knee won't allow me to play at my best and to keep my place in the team. I'm hindering myself more than I am helping myself for the future.''' ,'''When I used to play for Peterborough I played against loads of players who, now I've stepped up into the Premiership, I believe could have played at this level. You just need to have the rub of the green.''' ,'''If Im out and Im around loads of very high-profile footballers, fans always come up to me. I think they just feel comfortable coming over.''' ,'''Im not saying I didnt enjoy the England experience because I really did. It was beyond my wildest dreams to be part of the squad and, without a doubt it was the best moment of my career.''' ,'''But its jobs, jobs that pubs create and help sustain, thats massive. My pub alone, we get so many different bar staff, especially the young coming in, getting a start in life, learning to talk to people. And thats just inside the trade, theres outside... window cleaners, tradesmen.''' ,'''My old knee injury has never allowed me to get back to where I want to be as a football player; it's always hindered me.''' ,'''I was a painter and decorator with my dad for three years.''' ,'''I'm not always nuts, you can't be nuts 100 per cent of the time, I don't even think I'm nuts.''' ,'''I've always been one of those players that when I went to the training ground, I'd always have my eye on the fans.''' ,'''I never felt any pressure to be funny. A lot of the funny stuff I did was more off-the-cuff. I might be bored with an hour-and-a-half until afternoon training and itd be a chance to mess about.''' ,'''There was something of the schoolteacher about Fabio Capello, which made him difficult to warm to, let alone talk to. He was a real disciplinarian, a very stern, strict man.''' ,'''I know how far a fiver can go in non-League, let alone 100,000! So it is a lot of money. That money can be spread across the country to grassroots football which is fantastic. It can help them with things like electricity bills, new kits, new footballs and lawnmowers.''' ,'''In my head I always wanted to be a manager.''' ,'''I'm a kid really, I'm 100mph in your face and fishing just slows you down and just it's nice, tranquil.''' ,'''Its either fishing rods or golf clubs for me, one or the other.''' ,'''I don't really think about things too much, but people are going to form impressions about you if you play football, aren't they? And if they think you're the funny guy or the boy that likes a laugh, well that ain't so bad.''' ,'''Presenting a show is totally different to what I'm used to. People think it's easy but it's much more difficult than they think. But, by the end, I will be a pro.''' ,'''Fans booing when a ball was passed backwards used to spin me out. Theyd rather cheer a right winger, running 100mph down the flank and then crossing into the stand. Thats no good.''' ,'''I haven't done any coaching badges whatsoever.''' ,'''I was still playing for Gravesend at 18 and it seemed that every other kid had been snapped up except me.''' ,'''I know a lot about grassroots football.''' ,'''I go to matches to watch players who entertain. I still watch old footage of Paul Gascoigne.''' ,'''Youre not exactly going to do a prank on the hardest player at your football club, when you know hes going to give you a wallop.''' ,'''I loved my time at Fulham. A lot of the reason why I signed for Fulham was because of Chris Coleman. I loved what he had to say, and coming back to London.''' ,'''I have always been interested in entertaining, scoring goals, making things happen, doing things off the cuff, and Chris Coleman offered me that.''' ,'''Ive worked outside football. I knew every day what I had. I loved going into football grounds, smelling it, seeing it, hearing it. Thats what grabbed me. Thats what I miss.''' ,'''What do I think about when I'm fishing? I don't really know. Mate, I just think about how I'm going to catch my next fish.''' ,'''I suppose when its your own life you dont realise what youve achieved and what youve done until youve stepped out and looked back.''' ,'''Jimmy White was my massive idol.''' ,'''I was called up by England twice. Once for World Cup qualifiers against Andorra and Croatia and later for a friendly against Germany.''' ,'''I was always intrigued by management and I wish I could turn the clock back and pick the brains of each of my managers.''' ,]
+++