+++
author = "Lorenzen Wright"
title = "Lorenzen Wright Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Lorenzen Wright Quotes"
keywords = "lorenzen wright,lorenzen wright quotes,lorenzen wright quote,lorenzen wright sayings,lorenzen wright saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It makes me happy that I've been able to accomplish so much.''' ,'''My dad is a great role model.''' ,'''I get fired up in big games. Other guys might get scared, but with me, my intensity overrules my jitteriness.''' ,'''I watched a lot of great players come through Memphis.''' ,'''I'm a man of my word.''' ,'''I need to be challenged so I can get better.''' ,'''I'm not worried about points.''' ,'''I know I'm good enough to be a starter and I'm a much more productive player when I get starter minutes. But I don't have to start. That's not me.''' ,'''I'm not the type player who's going to come out and get you 30 points a night, but I'm gonna give you 150 percent.''' ,'''I wanted him to share in some of my success. Why wouldn't you want your friends with you in the good times?''' ,'''I have a trophy case at home.''' ,'''Guys that are playing in the last year of their contracts are playing for their livelihood and that tends to come off as selfish.''' ,'''When I'm running and I think I can't run any more, I also think that my dad can't run at all, and it keeps me going.''' ,'''I can play four, and I can play five.''' ,'''Everybody knows that rebounding is my strong point, so they're boxing me out. I've just got work harder.''' ,'''I'm gonna run the floor. I'll do the best I can.''' ,'''If you're playing basketball, you're going to get your shot blocked.''' ,'''My father taught me not to be scared of anything.''' ,'''Hey, the Clippers are a good NBA basketball school. Helps out all the young guys who come into the league. It's not a fast team, not like a real NBA team. All the players have to worry about is improving on their own. You are there for your first few years. They teach you a little bit about the game, and then they let you go.''' ,'''I feel confident in my abilities.''' ,'''I'm a hard worker.''' ,'''I'm always talking about getting playing time. If I don't do anything about it when I do get the opportunity, all that talk is about nothing.''' ,'''I prefer playing tough teams. It's going to make me better.''' ,'''I love playing team ball, but that doesn't happen when most players are in the last year of their deals.''' ,'''All I ask is let me practice the position I'll play.''' ,'''When you're young, you know, you want to do all the things other kids are doing. Play video games. Sit in the house and eat potato chips. Just play or whatever.''' ,'''Playing in the NBA has been a lifelong dream.''' ,]
+++