+++
author = "Bruce Dern"
title = "Bruce Dern Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Bruce Dern Quotes"
keywords = "bruce dern,bruce dern quotes,bruce dern quote,bruce dern sayings,bruce dern saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The Palestinians need more help from the Arab countries. Since 1967, the world has learned that there is not going to be real progress in the region until Palestine gets something back that they had.''' ,'''The difference between my generation of actors and their generation is that they were bigger than life. We are not bigger than life.''' ,'''When I was starting to get noticed as an actor in the 1970s for something other than the third cowboy on the right who ended up dying in every movie or episode, Burt Reynolds was the biggest star in the world.''' ,'''In Hitchcock's eyes the movement was dramatic, not the acting. When he wanted the audience to be moved, he moved the camera. He was a subtle human being, and he was also the best director I have ever worked with.''' ,'''I took Laura on a trip once where we followed the Immigrant Trail for about six hundred miles. She really learned a lesson. People forget too often how it was back then.''' ,'''Sports betting is all about money management, so the most money won on one event is not the most important thing.''' ,'''I tried to make the Olympics team in 1956.''' ,'''The people I worked with were bigger than life. Once you put them on the screen, they were huge.''' ,'''I've always thought that if Israel really wanted to solve the problem, they'd just start tomorrow and push right to the Jordan River, and anything in their way goes. They don't need America or someone else to help.''' ,]
+++