+++
author = "Ian Somerhalder"
title = "Ian Somerhalder Quotes"
quotes_len = "53"
description = "the best 53 Ian Somerhalder Quotes"
keywords = "ian somerhalder,ian somerhalder quotes,ian somerhalder quote,ian somerhalder sayings,ian somerhalder saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''They say the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. It's the same way with women... or at least the ones I want to be with.''' ,'''I appreciate the response and the support of fans, of people who actually don't mind watching me on screen... I just don't ever want to jeopardize that.''' ,'''There are always decades that interest people. For me, that's the Roaring Twenties.''' ,'''To explore different parts of yourself and different emotional lives... not to hide from who you are but to actually explore who you are.''' ,'''I don't care how hot a girl is - if she doesn't like animals, it would be a major, major problem.''' ,'''I'm never running for office. I love being able to speak to members of Congress or members of the Senate and floating on either side, because it takes all of us. It's going to take both of them.''' ,'''There are certain places in the world that are kind of energy vortexes, which are phenomenal.''' ,'''A lot of things that happen in the world make me a bit crazy.''' ,'''I have a million acquaintances but just two or three true friends. I can't hide anything from them.''' ,'''You can't get anywhere without the people who have come into your life.''' ,'''I have been doing commercials on camera since I was ten.''' ,'''You spend enough time on set as an actor and it's great when a director was at some point an actor or understands acting. They're able to finesse performances out of you that a lot directors can't get.''' ,'''I never wanted to be one of those actors with a political agenda.''' ,'''Before vampires were aesthetically appealing, they were physical anomalies and ostracized outsiders whom we banished to the dark, and they didn't have the appeal that they do now.''' ,'''I'm from the gulf coast of Louisiana.''' ,'''The film business creates a large amount of waste, and I'm not immune to waste in the business.''' ,'''I'm not a negative person.''' ,'''I kind of think too much, I try do too many things at once.''' ,'''I don't want to see blood spewing out but I don't mind it in controlled environment. Does it make me squeamish? No.''' ,'''I never had any backlash from the model-turned-actor thing.''' ,'''Love is tested in so many ways. How do I articulate this? Two people are together. There are stakes, strife, struggles, all these things that make us fall for someone, love someone even more, leave someone.''' ,'''As an actor, you always think that whatever job you have is going to be your last. In some way, shape or form, you think you're going to screw it up and you're never going to work again.''' ,'''The coming together of like-minded individuals through action is what's needed to see wide spread change for us, our planet and its creatures.''' ,'''I aim to direct as much as I act at some point in time.''' ,'''I've sorta learned that I'm so tired of taking myself so seriously. It's so great to show up at work and truly enjoy every word you say.''' ,'''I can't let time move on without fighting tooth and nail and hopefully being a part of a revolution that is positive.''' ,'''The most underused, under-appreciated group of people in the world is our youth.''' ,'''I don't know how to do anything else other than be an actor. If I wasn't in this, I would be in alternative energy and conservation.''' ,'''I just want to make it clear that I have been working since I was ten years old.''' ,'''What we're doing to the planet is inexcusable.''' ,'''It's so great to show up at work and truly enjoy every word you say.''' ,'''I grew up as a country boy.''' ,'''When you're really close to someone, they can make fun of you a lot and get away with it. But they sort of poke you in all of the right places.''' ,'''I mean, there are some amazing storytelling being done on the small screen right now. That's what so cool about being in television right now. Studios, networks are starting to throw more resources, better writers, more production values... and to be part of that is awesome.''' ,'''Kids are meeting in coffee shops and basements figuring out what's unsustainable in their communities. That's the future.''' ,'''We're made up of energy, so who's to say you can't transmit through electrical means? If you could transmit yourself wirelessly, then it's Armageddon pretty much.''' ,'''I want to bulk up. I'm a skinny guy.''' ,'''My great-grandchildren will not be able to enjoy the Gulf Coast of Louisiana the way I have.''' ,'''No one knows what women want!''' ,'''I can write with absolutely perfect penmanship with my feet. If I broke both my arms, I could still write a girl a love letter using just my toes.''' ,'''I'm a good driver.''' ,'''I've never been on a TV show for more than a season and you have to continually keep it interesting and you have to keep it connected, even as you change.''' ,'''I don't ever want anything to come in the way of me truthfully telling a story.''' ,'''I have the attention span of a mosquito from multitasking and all the things that have affected my poor little brain.''' ,'''Acting is such a huge part of my life. It really allows me to have a creative outlet and to actually be able to have an outlet to discuss openly the things that truly I think are relevant in the world, that make a difference.''' ,'''Maybe one of the only things I do well: I cook like a maniac! I would be a chef if I weren't an actor.''' ,'''Every love story needs a catalyst of some sort.''' ,'''Lack of time and money create really bad green practices.''' ,'''The quality of life is so much higher anyplace you can ski in the morning and surf in the evening - there's something to be said for that.''' ,'''I work with the Humane Society a lot and have three rescue cats.''' ,'''I'm from New Orleans. There's a lot of vampire mystique and mythology that resonates there, and I was fascinated by it. I always wanted to play one.''' ,'''Species conversation is beyond a doubt an issue that truly matters to the American public.''' ,'''Oceans are one of the most important things in the world now and that is a national security threat of the United States of America, to be honest with you. That is why seeing the habitat destroyed is so short-sighted by us.''' ,]
+++