+++
author = "Austin Mahone"
title = "Austin Mahone Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Austin Mahone Quotes"
keywords = "austin mahone,austin mahone quotes,austin mahone quote,austin mahone sayings,austin mahone saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I own at least 300 pairs of sneakers.''' ,'''My favorite dance move is the 'Old Man.'''' ,'''I think it's important to update my fans on what I'm doing and where I'm going next and when my next single is going to drop and my album.''' ,'''I like girls that have a nice smile and nice eyes. I want to date a girl who understands my busy schedule and that I have to be on tour a lot. And she has to make me laugh!''' ,'''I told my fans online how I hated my squeaky office chair. One day, a fan sent me a new chair. It was crazy! I still use the chair today. Pretty awesome.''' ,'''Coming from my bedroom in San Antonio to this big world and going from singing covers off my laptop to making music in this nice studio, making professional-sounding music - it's just weird.''' ,'''It's been amazing getting to go from city to city and perform for thousands of people. It's an amazing feeling, and the energy is crazy.''' ,'''I love fashion. I like looking fresh and wearing new stuff.''' ,'''I love the U.K. It's so different over there from America, you know, the culture and stuff. It's pretty awesome.''' ,'''YI teamed up with the Allstate Foundation to basically inform teens why it's important to drive safe. I feel I'm new on the road, so it's important to do these three main things: The first one is buckle up, the second one is slow down, don't speed, and the third one is don't let your friends distract you in the car.''' ,'''I think that it's important to have good people around you, like my friends.''' ,'''It makes me feel so amazing to know there's people out here that support me and follow me on Twitter and watch my shows on YouTube and come to my concert, so I'm very thankful.''' ,'''The British fans are very intense, maybe even more so than fans in the U.S.! They're great.''' ,'''The first thing I do when I get back to my hometown, San Antonio, is eat Whataburger.''' ,'''Musically, I actually grew up listening to country music as a kid, like George Strait, Alan Jackson... all those guys. So it was kind of weird crossing over from that to pop and R&B, but you know, I love Michael Jackson, Ne-Yo, Usher, R. Kelly, Drake, Boyz II Men.''' ,'''A lot of people have said that I'm trying to be like Justin Bieber by wearing a hat all the time. But the truth is, I don't like the way my hair looks. It's kind of weird, so I wear a hat all the time to cover it. I've been doing it since I was thirteen.''' ,'''I promoted myself on Twitter and Facebook as hard as possible, nonstop. People started realizing that if they commented on my videos, I'd reply to their comment, so I started getting a lot more views and comments.''' ,'''To be honest, I know this probably sounds corny or whatever because I'm a musician, but listening to music really helps me relax and calm down - listening to my favorite songs. Also, laughing and hanging out with my friends.''' ,'''Music is my life. I love doing it, so I just do it nonstop all day. And with dancing, I wanted to put on a show for people. I don't want to just be sitting there doing nothing, so that's when I started to dance.''' ,'''When I was 3, my mom sent in a video of me singing George Strait to 'America's Funniest Home Videos.'''' ,'''I thought it would be cool to Skype with fans on their birthday and spend, like, a half-hour with them. I did a couple of two-hour Skypes. I just hang out with them and play songs and stuff. At first they're kind of shy, but after a while they open up. I've had a lot of people tell me I'm doing something no one has ever done before.''' ,'''I just think it's super amazing that the U.K. fans are so dedicated and loving. I love them, and being with them in person is an amazing feeling.''' ,'''If I see my fans crying, I just want to give them a hug... and tell them I love them.''' ,'''When I'm 18, I can finally order that paid programming stuff on TV. Like it always says, 'Must be 18 or older to call,' so I'll be able to call! I can finally buy some blenders from the TV.''' ,'''I would say my dream collaboration would probably have to be with Drake. I think he is an amazing artist.''' ,'''I do a lot of co-writing with my producer RedOne, and then a lot on my own. I just like to be creative.''' ,'''When my YouTube videos started to get really big, I was like, 'Man, this is pretty sweet.' It started as my hobby, and then I started traveling and learning how to play different instruments, and then it just kind of became my life.''' ,'''I would go on the iTunes chart and see the hottest songs, then I'd cover them. People would go on YouTube and search for those songs. That's how I got my views. I'd post two or three songs a week.''' ,'''A secret talent or hobby... Hmm... I weirdly collect shot glasses.''' ,]
+++