+++
author = "Kwak Dong-Yeon"
title = "Kwak Dong-Yeon Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Kwak Dong-Yeon Quotes"
keywords = "kwak dong-yeon,kwak dong-yeon quotes,kwak dong-yeon quote,kwak dong-yeon sayings,kwak dong-yeon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've met a lot of people, interacted with them, and experienced a lot of things in my life that I try to keep in mind. Such large and small experiences are accumulated and incorporated into acting in various ways.''' ,'''The reason why I decided to appear in 'Vincenzo' was because of my love and trust for director Kim Hee-won and writer Park Jae-beom.''' ,'''I live a dramatic life and love the characters that are constantly changing in their lives. For that reason, if I have an opportunity, I would like to participate in the musical 'Hedwig.'''' ,'''I want to work with Song Joong Ki sunbae again who I worked with in 'Vincenzo.' I learned so many things from Song Joong-ki sunbae but it's regrettable that we mainly filmed together only in the second half.''' ,'''I look old. To be honest, up until two or three years ago, my age put a lot of restrictions on me. I was told, 'You look like you're in your mid- to late-twenties, but you're actually too young.' There were a lot of restrictions like that when it came to casting. I even requested that they remove my age on my public profile.''' ,'''I usually focus on monitoring my acting.''' ,'''I was getting make up done in the car when the door opened and Park Bo Gum came in. After we said 'Hello,' an hour of silence followed.''' ,'''All the roles I play have something of myself in them.''' ,'''Before I met Park Bo-gum, I was curious what he would be like.''' ,'''Although it was short, I have fond memories of my appearance in KBS's 'Fight My Way.'''' ,'''If it's a good story or if it's a character I want to act in, I end up wanting to do it.''' ,'''I think all the junk food and irregular eating and sleeping times from my trainee days made me look the way I do today.''' ,'''You can't hate somebody that is both respectful and grateful to other people.''' ,'''I don't trust people much and I thought 'perfect' Park Bo Gum might have flaws. He drops some foods while eating.''' ,'''No matter what role I take on, I'll try to put something of myself in them without making them stand out too much. That's my job after all.''' ,'''I don't like when people say I act good for my age. Who would have said that to Daniel Radcliffe or Emma Watson when they were filming 'Harry Potter?'''' ,'''There are still a lot of Babel wannabes in Korea, so it'd be fun if 'Vincenzo' could break them all open in the second season.''' ,'''Park Bo Gum has a very reserved personality. Becoming close with him was a struggle. Just trying to talk in informal speech took two hours.''' ,]
+++