+++
author = "Mrunal Thakur"
title = "Mrunal Thakur Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Mrunal Thakur Quotes"
keywords = "mrunal thakur,mrunal thakur quotes,mrunal thakur quote,mrunal thakur sayings,mrunal thakur saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As an actor, I just want to perform.''' ,'''When you perform in your first film, it adds a lot to your career graph. The journey becomes easy.''' ,'''My dream is to make my parents happy and experiment as far as characters are concerned.''' ,'''When I saw 'Baahubali' Part 1 and 2, the benchmark was really high. To match up to Ramya, who plays Sivagami in the movies, was a challenge.''' ,'''I am taking my whole experience of working in 'Super 30' as fabulous, that a girl who started her career with television got a film like 'Love Sonia' and then could work with a superstar like Hrithik Roshan. I want to value this journey.''' ,'''All my characters are different from one another, and it's like I am living so many different lives simultaneously.''' ,'''Whenever I would go to Hrithik's vanity van to chat or rehearse lines, I'd see him working out or watching inspirational videos. One thing that I've learnt from him is that, as an actor, you have to worship your body.''' ,'''I never thought I will get to work with Hrithik Roshan. Every time, I have to pinch myself to actually believe that I am promoting my film with Hrithik.''' ,'''It's only when I faced the camera that I realised how confident I was on screen!''' ,'''My main agenda as an actor is just to spend time with my characters - I am really glad that the roles being offered to me is very versatile.''' ,'''If I do not get out of my comfort zone, then it is not the people but me who should be blamed for choosing same kind of roles.''' ,'''The idea of running away and getting married excites me.''' ,'''Working with Hrithik Roshan was amazing. I have learned so much from him.''' ,'''I'm glad I got a chance to work with Demi Moore and Mark Duplass. They're so humble and down to earth, and it is overwhelming to share screen space with such mind-boggling actors.''' ,'''What is important is the kind of faith you have within yourself.''' ,'''If you don't have faith on your talent, no one else would.''' ,'''Whenever any television actor looks up to me, I say I haven't done anything great; I just followed my dream.''' ,'''I am really fond of drawing, painting mehendi, so I would draw mehendi on a groom's hand and earn money.''' ,'''More than the hair and the makeup, what is important is to feel the character.''' ,'''I am not the one for monotony. I am all for chances and its every medium, every genre that I want to explore.''' ,'''I'm not fussy at all; I've been raised to adjust myself in any circumstance.''' ,'''I want to do content-driven film, powerful roles which I've never done before.''' ,''''Love Sonia' will always be very close to my heart, not only because this is my debut but also because I got an opportunity to work with Demi Moore.''' ,'''I didn't know what life was about before 'Love Sonia.' I didn't care. Now I'm a different person.''' ,'''I want my guy to be very good looking. Heads should turns at him when he walks with me. He should be really charming.''' ,'''I have grown up watching films like 'Striptease' and 'Ghost,' and here I was in the same frame as the gorgeous Demi Moore.''' ,'''I am very romantic at heart in real life.''' ,'''The entire journey of 'Love Sonia' is unforgettable.''' ,'''Whether it was audition after audition or facing media with little exposure, there were times I hit rock bottom, but then, I am not the one to break. Support of my family helped me sail through those tough times.''' ,'''I think 'Love Sonia' is a beautiful story of two sisters. Whoever will watch this film will remember their relationship with their sibling.''' ,'''I feel immensely proud to be in 'Love Sonia.'''' ,'''Ekta Kapoor believed that I would do good work and allowed me to explore. I had that support system.''' ,''''Love Sonia' is very lucky for my career; I owe a lot to it. If I have a 'Batla House,' 'Super 30,' it's only because of 'Love Sonia.'''' ,'''I went from auditioning for roles to being offered films directly.''' ,'''We, as actors, see luxury around us, but when we step out, we see the struggle and reality which people are going through.''' ,'''My role in 'Love Sonia' gripped me to the extent that I started despising the male touch. I would stand under the shower for long spells. It just didn't feel nice.''' ,'''I owe my career to TV. Most of my training has been through TV.''' ,'''I want to play a character that would require a lot of special training, like in a full-fledged action film.''' ,'''I like reading romantic novels.''' ,'''To be honest, even I was tanned three shades darker in 'Love Sonia.' The fact that people were able to connect to my character was very important. Why should we not have that kind of makeup?''' ,'''Versatility is the key today. We have a smart audience today; if you keep doing same stuff, nobody is going to watch you.''' ,]
+++