+++
author = "Charlotte Caffey"
title = "Charlotte Caffey Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Charlotte Caffey Quotes"
keywords = "charlotte caffey,charlotte caffey quotes,charlotte caffey quote,charlotte caffey sayings,charlotte caffey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We're really funny, focused, and we put on a great live show.''' ,'''We would go to photo sessions and it was just the most ridiculous stuff. It was like, 'Here, lick on these lollipops.' And we're like, 'What?!' It was horrifying. But we would laugh.''' ,'''We're a band and we just happen to be chicks, that's the way we've always thought of ourselves.''' ,'''In some ways, we were very innocent. And in other ways, we were just rock 'n' roll girls on the loose.''' ,'''We were anything but 'America's sweethearts.' On the inside we were total sassy rebels.''' ,'''The spirit of the Go-Go's is fun.''' ,'''I really didn't ever think we'd get back together.''' ,'''Here's the thing about The Go-Go's: Onstage, any moment could be a total train wreck.''' ,'''Ah, it's awesome learning about theater, but it's a completely different musical landscape from rock and roll.''' ,'''We're not trying to impress anybody. We're not trying to change anybody's mind. We're just out there playing, and it's something we love.''' ,'''We all came to the conclusion that we have an undeniable chemistry musically, that we might not ever find again. The mix of friction and camaraderie channels good songs, performances and laughs.''' ,'''I love working with artists who know exactly what they want.''' ,'''I've been married for 23 years to Jeff McDonald from Redd Kross.''' ,'''I saw Blondie open for the Ramones, and I remember being really impressed by Debbie Harry and her awkwardness.''' ,'''There's been way too much talk about all our problems.''' ,'''Being in a band is being punk, no matter what. You have to dedicate your life to it.''' ,'''We had that horrible experience with 'Behind the Music' where they just made it all salacious. That's not about the band - that's a soap opera. If you're together with a spouse or a partner for 40 years, you're going to have arguments. But if you're with four other people, you're going have exponentially that many more things happen.''' ,'''We did three records in three years and I don't know how many world tours, and we were just in our early 20s. And then we imploded.''' ,'''Personally speaking, I think the Beatles were our biggest influence.''' ,'''Being in a band, whether your female or male, is really hard.''' ,'''I didn't know how to play lead guitar. There was a freedom in not knowing how to do it.''' ,'''It wasn't much fun being Charlotte Go-Go. I like being Charlotte Caffey better.''' ,'''If we would have had clear brains to take a break, instead of breaking up, we would have left room for balance in our lives.''' ,'''We're definitely hanging up the touring shoes but we'll do other things. We'll do an odd gig here and there but going out and actually touring for a month or two, we're not doing that anymore.''' ,'''The worst thing about the music business is the business part of it. Business has nothing whatever to do with writing, playing and performing.''' ,'''We were the first all-girl band that wrote and played our own stuff. You know, the odds were really against us because rock has traditionally been dominated by men.''' ,'''What's the essence of the Go-Go's? Great melodies, guitar hooks, driving drums. All of that.''' ,'''There's definitely sadness happening in this band. I get melancholy every day about things.''' ,'''I was fortunate enough to be living in Hollywood, CA, when the underground punk rock music scene started. It was a small group of artists, misfits and weirdos, where everyone was welcomed and encouraged to express themselves.''' ,'''One of the problems we had was trying to live up to this bubbly image. All the music was supposed to be bubbly. That's what people expected from us. But that was very limiting.''' ,'''We say, 'Wow, look at Bob Dylan and the Rolling Stones. Their clothes were always so cool.' Maybe not Mick Jagger when he wore Spandex in the '80s.''' ,'''While we were touring for 'Vacation,' we weren't aware that the record wasn't doing well. It was a good tour, but the album didn't go over with critics.''' ,'''We didn't want to change who we are. We're not going to sit there and go, 'Let's be a rap band now.'''' ,'''Look; being in this band, of course it would be great, yeah. But, I mean, I don't live and breathe every minute of every day thinking like, 'Oh, my God. We have to be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.'''' ,'''I think we get a lot of recognition and it's great.''' ,'''In April of 1978 I was asked to join an all-girl band that was just taking shape, The Go-Go's. It was one of those moments in my life - and there were many - when I just blurted out 'Yes!'''' ,'''Above and beyond anything, we didn't have lives outside of the band.''' ,'''There was something about the chemistry of the band and we would feed off each other. It was a gang of girls unleashed.''' ,'''Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day always says we were influences on him, because he does melodic but distorted, like what we were doing. The Ramones were doing it. We were doing it. The Buzzcocks, all those bands.''' ,'''We were a bonded group of girls, and it was us against the world and us against the odds.''' ,'''We would rent this old van and drive anywhere we could get in 10-to-12 hours. We scraped by with little money, but there's a lot to be said for those days. We were naive, but there was no pressure and a lot of freedom.''' ,'''I wrote 'We Got the Beat,' which is a fun song, and people equate us with fun, but there's so much more to us than that.''' ,'''We really broke down some doors for women and for musicians in general. It was just go out and form a band and don't care what anyone thinks.''' ,'''I think the older we get, the better we perform.''' ,'''I'm working in theater. I did not grow up loving or even knowing anything about it, except for 'Jesus Christ Superstar' and 'Tommy.' But I love it. It's such a great collaborative thing.''' ,'''I went through an extreme depression.''' ,'''Being in a band with guys didn't feel like what I should be doing.''' ,'''All I can say, being young people being in a band, writing songs that we felt were great... we never felt that years later we'd be selling out shows.''' ,'''The Go-Go's were a frothy pop band. I wanted to do music that had a harder edge.''' ,'''Actually going on tour is like the break in the year that I go away and do something different and come back.''' ,'''Legendary photographer Annie Leibowitz persuaded us to pose in our underwear. When the magazine hit the stands we were horrified to see the caption 'Go-Go's Put Out.' Regardless, I was extremely excited to see us at every newsstand on every corner, our faces on the cover of 'Rolling Stone!'''' ,'''We were approached by Alison Ellwood about the idea of doing a documentary. At first, we were a bit nervous because we didn't want it come across as a salacious 'Behind The Music' kind of thing. Alison did such a great job. It really puts perspective on things.''' ,'''I don't want to be part of a band unless it's fun.''' ,'''We were naive in a lot of ways, but that was part of the charm. We were very young.''' ,'''No one told us what to wear, what to write, what to play. When they tried to, we shot 'em down easily.''' ,'''The '80s, no matter what kind of wacky fashion or whatever else that went on in the '80s, the songs that came out of it, there was really great songwriting, in my opinion.''' ,'''We are just a rock and pop band, that's what we are. And I believe we recorded the records to feature the songs rather than it being a giant production.''' ,'''We were pretty crappy in the beginning. We really didn't sound that great.''' ,'''No one has done what we've done. We're the first female band to have a No. 1 record.''' ,'''In the year after we signed with I.R.S. we made a record, started our own tour, toured with the Police, and our record went to No. 1. It was insane.''' ,'''I daydream about romance and stuff.''' ,'''When you're on stage and you got a great audience, that makes the show that much better for the band.''' ,'''Oh, everything we did was completely organic - from the way we looked to the way we sounded, the way we played - everything.''' ,'''We were up for a Grammy, we sold millions of records and we toured the world I don't know how many times. It was insane.''' ,'''I was more of a surfer girl and never really that punky.''' ,'''I do believe the music keeps us coming back. We really enjoy playing it.''' ,'''We don't necessarily want to do a biopic. Mostly because it's like, 'Big deal. Band gets together and gets big. Then the excesses come and they fall apart.'''' ,'''If we were all happy and getting along every second of the day, we'd probably make some schmaltzy record.''' ,'''I had written or cowritten eight of the ten songs on 'Beauty and the Beat,' and I had written our biggest hit, 'We Got the Beat.' How was I going to top all of that?''' ,'''We thought we'd last forever. Then, of course, we didn't, and that was shocking.''' ,'''We are just the most twisted, sick, hilarious people that I know.''' ,'''The energy between all the girls - we were hysterical together. That energy could go really bad and it could be so hateful and horrible, and then it could go really good and we'd write really good songs.''' ,'''Having a kid is getting a certain kind of freedom in a way because you can't be self-obsessed anymore.''' ,'''It's amazing, seeing people of all different ages singing lyrics to songs we wrote when we were so young and thought we knew everything.''' ,'''We struggled for years before we got that record deal. It was tough because we were girls. People were slamming doors in our faces for years.''' ,'''When we first started out, we made a vow to ourselves we wouldn't do it anymore if it wasn't fun. Well, we keep getting back together, so it must still be fun for everyone in it.''' ,'''The freedom of punk really appealed to me because I came from the rules and regulations of studying classical piano.''' ,'''My whole world up until punk was this total repressed Catholic lifestyle.''' ,'''I'm only speaking for myself, but having a kid has put everything else in my life in perspective.''' ,'''I mean, when we put out our first album, it was 'Gosh, we really hope it sells 100,000 copies. That was the innocence.''' ,'''It's like our little thing: you can take the girl out of the punk, but you can't take the punk out of the girl.''' ,'''I liked the Beatles and all the folk rockers.''' ,'''We had so many obstacles. We had a lot of sexism and misogyny, there's a lot of things that were against us. But we've just pushed forward and we showed everybody.''' ,'''To all musicians - forget gender - to all musicians, it's about - do what makes you happy. Just go for it, you know?''' ,'''I don't think we fully understood what the implications could be when we found out we were doing 'SNL.'''' ,'''In the old days I never thought about money - but then, of course, the clothes were so ugly in the '80s there was nothing I wanted.''' ,'''I've never been a great lead guitar player.''' ,'''I think it took us being apart to really understand... who we were as Individuals, outside of the Go-Go's.''' ,'''People at the record labels were like, 'We don't want to sign you, you're girls' - sexist, ridiculous nonsense.''' ,'''We're more of a rock band and we have a punk influence and a pop influence.''' ,'''Going to rehearsals was too depressing, and missing rehearsals was also depressing, so it was like a vicious circle.''' ,'''I think the thing is we really have a great time playing on stage. I think that people really feel that. So I guess we put on a good show.''' ,'''A lot of it was really, really fun, but at some point, things started getting weird. We didn't allow each other to breathe. We didn't really have a sense of ourselves individually. We were very insecure... We were really threatened by the thought of 'Oh my God, what if someone goes off and does something outside the band?'''' ,'''I ran to get my cassette recorder and sang 'We Got the Beat' into the recorder to document it. I knew I had written something special. It took two minutes. I didn't labor on the lyrics. It's a simple song, which goes back to the '60s, when I had my ears glued to the radio for the Stones, the Beatles, and the Beach Boys.''' ,'''I've lived kind of a sad-happy life. It's like, every time you take a breath, it's heavy, but on the outside you're like a clown family traveling along the universe.''' ,'''Back in 1981, the chances of a punk-rock girl band from L.A. doing what we did was completely nil.''' ,'''I still love playing live, and I love doing records, but writing songs is my main thing.''' ,'''In reality - and we've always said this - yes, we are girls, women, but, first and foremost, we're musicians and we're songwriters.''' ,'''We didn't necessarily write about women's rights or talk about it. We were just doing it.''' ,'''The odds were against us being an all-female garage band from California.''' ,]
+++