+++
author = "Dutee Chand"
title = "Dutee Chand Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Dutee Chand Quotes"
keywords = "dutee chand,dutee chand quotes,dutee chand quote,dutee chand sayings,dutee chand saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Olympics is the ultimate target and I could not do well in the 2016 Games.''' ,'''Participation in international events has given me a lot of experience.''' ,'''I am a normal girl.''' ,'''It is not written anywhere that one cannot join politics while playing. There were instances of several successful sportsperson who have excelled in politics, sports and business at the same time.''' ,'''My friends at PeTA India and I encourage everyone to treat animals with kindness and respect, just as we all want to be treated every day.''' ,'''I think Priyanka Chopra did a very good job in 'Mary Kom.'''' ,'''I have watched a documentary on Caster Semenya. I am inspired by how she made a comeback.''' ,'''When I won medals, I think I was doing something for my employers also. I am making them proud.''' ,'''I would urge youngsters to pick up a sport while pursuing your studies as it will keep you fit and you could make your country proud in the field of sports.''' ,'''Athletes from rural areas are getting a chance to showcase their talent through the Khelo India Games.''' ,'''It feels great to be associated with PUMA.''' ,'''I believe nobody has the right to judge me as an athlete because of my decision to be with who I want. It is a personal decision, which should be respected.''' ,'''In my village, people believed that women should stay in their homes. However, I followed my heart and showed them that I'll not succumb to their regressive ideals.''' ,'''My God showed me that I had the ability to make my family and my country proud. That's why I concentrated on sports and worked hard.''' ,'''Follow your heart, and don't be subservient to anyone. Shut out the world, and only listen to your heart to fulfill your dreams.''' ,'''It wasn't an easy journey to participating in the Olympics. It has taken me 14 years of training and hard work.''' ,'''The more medals I win, the more my ambitions and confidence levels increase.''' ,'''My parents are weavers. They worked very hard to give us our daily food.''' ,'''I really value and appreciate Menaka Guruswamy and Arundhati Katju's contribution in spearheading the historic judgement of decriminalisation of Section 377 in India. Their relentless efforts and fight against the discrimination and violence faced by the LGBTQ community in India was a ray of hope for many of us.''' ,'''If any athlete is doing well, then it's the responsibility of the government to support the athlete.''' ,'''Any recognition by the government for your performance and achievements always boosts the confidence of an athlete.''' ,'''Success comes but with time. People want to achieve things very quickly; they are not patient.''' ,'''I would worry that one morning I would wake up and be told that I can't compete any more.''' ,'''Yeah, I am controversy's favourite child. But I am of the opinion that I come back stronger after every controversy.''' ,'''It is the dream of every athlete to qualify and compete in the Olympics and I am no different.''' ,'''My family has always been very supportive of me and my choice of sport.''' ,'''Gold medal always feels great. In fact, any appreciation or acknowledgement is a great morale booster.''' ,'''Group events like cricket, football and kabaddi have private leagues, which are all being played for money. There are no such events in athletics. Everything is run by the government bodies, there's less money involved in our game, and we are not even paid as well as people in other sports.''' ,'''I know people started suspecting whether I was a woman or a man. All the honour I earned - I lost.''' ,'''My story is very long. And for somebody to write a good story, one needs a good writer, too.''' ,'''Look, there's no proof that athletes like us who may have higher testosterone levels are benefiting from this natural human body trait.''' ,'''I never stopped believing in myself. I had faith in my god.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I dreamt of being a runner. My mother and father always told me to go after what I wanted. I went after running.''' ,'''The kids who take up athletics actually come from modest to poor backgrounds. They make it on their own steam; some of them don't even have the basic means like shoes and enough food to eat.''' ,'''There are five members in my family.''' ,'''I want to be able to serve people. For that it's important that I'm with them, among them and working for them.''' ,'''When I began running at the age of 10, I didn't have the diet athletes need. It was just rice and vegetables. Every day.''' ,'''Sports is my life, and I live for it.''' ,'''There are some athletes who don't like me.''' ,'''I think I am a sportsperson. A lot of people look up to me, so I have the responsibility to set the right example for them.''' ,'''Freedom to love and freedom to choose who you love are one's basic rights and we shouldn't be scared to exercise them.''' ,'''When I participated in Rio Olympics in 2016, I failed to grab a medal. But it was a learning experience.''' ,'''I have always supported the rights of those who want to be in a same-sex relationship. It is an individual person's choice.''' ,'''Athletics is not like cricket; we feed on the competition and that makes us bring out the best in us.''' ,'''For all who are in love but afraid of the world you must show courage because the world has always taken time to accept all good things.''' ,'''Animals in the streets have tough lives, so it's up to all of us to speak out if we ever witness them being abused.''' ,'''The World University Games Gold medal was a great confidence booster for me. It highlighted my talents, my performance and dedication.''' ,'''I believe in individual freedom and right to decide how and with whom I will live my life.''' ,'''In India, tradition is paramount. Husband-wife relationship is okay. They do not allow girls to go out.''' ,'''I can't spend my life worrying about others.''' ,'''My parents used to struggle to put food on our plates. Whatever little money they got, we had to make do with it.''' ,'''One may fall in love anytime and with anyone. One does not decide that based on caste, religion or gender.''' ,'''One day, they told me that due to hyperandrogenism, I cannot compete. I appealed and fought it and came back to win for the country. Coming out was easier than that.''' ,'''One should not poke their nose into the private life of other persons.''' ,'''The Khelo India University Games is a great way to unearth talent in this country.''' ,'''As a child, I used to laugh when my mother spanked me. No matter what she did, she could never get me to cry.''' ,'''I am doing a lot of core training exercises to build and strengthen my body, spending more time in gym. I am also doing endurance training like repeating 300m, 350m races in a day. Then I also do repeat of 60m, 70m.''' ,'''I will try hard to win more medals for the country and make India proud.''' ,'''While I don't know who will eventually be selected, I think Kangana Ranaut can portray me perfectly on screen, I like her as an actress.''' ,'''Even through sports, I have been serving the country. But later, I want to join politics.''' ,'''The quality of competitors abroad really pushes your timings, something that's tough to replicate in the country.''' ,'''When I came out, initially, I faced some mocking. For the first 10-15 days, sometimes when I was out in public, people would shout things like 'lesbian.'''' ,'''Just like any other human being is concerned about his or her personal life, I also need to think about my personal life.''' ,'''My dream is to see athletes also getting the same recognition, fame, success and money as cricketers, footballers and hockey players get in India.''' ,'''Every family goes through ups and downs. You may want a relationship with someone, which your family may not approve of but they don't stop loving you.''' ,'''No one can live without love.''' ,'''I am passionate to win and achieve something big for the country.''' ,'''People study and play sports side by side. So, most of the talent exists in schools and universities.''' ,'''All bodies can't be same, my body will react differently tours.''' ,'''I come from a poor background, I've seen struggle. Money will come and go, but I will continue to be grounded.''' ,'''My focus will always be my athletic career and winning more medals for the country.''' ,'''No one likes to make their personal life public.''' ,'''An award or an honour from the government is always welcomed any time.''' ,'''In 100m, the timings fluctuate.''' ,'''The Odisha government is supporting the sports circuit very well. Athletes are getting jobs in the government sector and they are providing facilities for all athletes to perform as well.''' ,'''As a kid, I didn't even know what non-vegetarian food is because we never had it prepared in our house.''' ,'''Didn't Virat Kohli fall in love and still perform? If he can, why can't I?''' ,'''My whole life has been about fighting for what I want, what I believe in.''' ,'''As an athlete, there are limits to my ability to reach out, a platform that politics can offer.''' ,'''I've gone through a lot in my life, I have seen a lot of struggles and difficulties. I have braved it all and won medals for my country with my determination.''' ,'''I used to run barefoot, wearing a frock. During the rains, I used to run on stones and puddles.''' ,'''I am sure my association with a big brand like PUMA is really going to help me in the long run.''' ,'''I think people will see my medals and my performance for my country and not what I do off the field. They like me because I win for the country and I will continue to do so.''' ,'''For somebody like me, who has trained barefoot in a small village in Odisha, I know training without proper facilities can be extremely difficult. Having experienced it all, I would like to give back to my community by creating a running academy for children.''' ,'''We all have the right to be happy and to love someone without any inhibitions.''' ,'''I don't really follow any sportspersons, to be honest. However, I'm a fan of Usain Bolt and follow him on social media.''' ,'''My sister was an athlete. Every time she came home during her break, I would accompany her. Initially, I took part in school sports, but gradually, my sister encouraged me to take it up professionally.''' ,'''I have to improve on my speed endurance, and I am working on it.''' ,'''My elder sister Saraswati is my inspiration.''' ,'''Finalising an actress is the job of the producer and director. It usually happens only after they are ready with a story.''' ,'''When a person sets out to achieve something, one doesn't rest until the goal is achieved.''' ,'''There is no greater emotion than love and it should not be denied.''' ,'''When my elder sister decided to pursue sports, she faced a lot of music at home. We didn't have a TV in our village, so no one understood the value of sports. But my sister convinced my parents that participating in sports would mean a secure job in the government.''' ,'''You can be rich or poor but you should have the guts to go with dreams and work hard to make them come true.''' ,'''I prefer to train alone at SAI camp in Hyderabad. I don't train at national camp at NIS Patiala.''' ,'''When I am on the track, I get the greatest joy by running the fastest.''' ,'''I don't have the resources to maintain luxury cars, though I love them.''' ,'''Every professional athlete has fear, doubts and negative thoughts. But people expect you to just ignore them and move forward.''' ,'''I come from a small village.''' ,]
+++