+++
author = "Rashida Jones"
title = "Rashida Jones Quotes"
quotes_len = "105"
description = "the best 105 Rashida Jones Quotes"
keywords = "rashida jones,rashida jones quotes,rashida jones quote,rashida jones sayings,rashida jones saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been really lucky thus far with acting, in that I can do things I believe in and feel good about, and feel good about myself. If for some reason one day that ends, I won't do it anymore. If I feel like I have to compromise myself to continue to be in this industry, I don't want to do that.''' ,'''Ads featuring real women and real beauty are such a necessary component to offset the potentially dangerous programming out there for little girls.''' ,'''I think that women are powerful and they're multifaceted and they're survivors; they don't have to depend on a man to do the things they needed them to do, whether it was hunting or lifting heavy things, so what's a man's place now? Who knows!''' ,'''I have a father who came from nothing and conquered the world. The last thing I'm going to do is sit here and spend his money and try to look pretty. That's not interesting to me at all.''' ,'''I would be an idiot to say comedy is easy, but it does come naturally. It never feels forced.''' ,'''I probably wouldn't be acting if I didn't grow up in Hollywood.''' ,'''People are very nice to me, and they've been nice as my career has gotten better and I've gotten more jobs. But the reality is that if I decided tomorrow that I didn't want to act anymore, it's not like people are going to be like, 'Please, come back!'''' ,'''If I can surround myself with hilarious people every day, I will always want to go to work.''' ,'''I think anybody who has had a long relationship and has had a really hard time letting go, wants to feel like it's not all for naught, and it's meaningful, because it makes you who you are.''' ,'''My dad always tell me to make decisions from love and not from fear.''' ,'''I like to be in a European city where I can speak my language.''' ,'''My parents are the coolest of the cool on every single level, and it's because they have a deep appreciation for every moment of their lives.''' ,'''My activities tend to revolve around crossword puzzles, reading and playing piano and games with my friends.''' ,'''Auditioning is the worst.''' ,'''Just because a situation is grim doesn't mean you don't have every right to smile.''' ,'''I'm generally a pretty friendly person.''' ,'''I think there's just an inherent burden of being alive and being a woman. No man would ever admit that, but I think women know it, which is: You know more than men, you know more than most people you're dealing with every day, and you know that's it up to you to make things move forward, and you get paid half as much, but you just do it.''' ,'''I know my mom said as early as she can remember letting me watch TV, my one treat a week when I was like 6 was to stay up and watch 'Saturday Night Live.'''' ,'''I'm terrified of performing live.''' ,'''I love guys and the way they think; they're so straightforward - and women can learn from that.''' ,'''It's very challenging to learn something new as an adult.''' ,'''I think you make mistakes, especially in your twenties, where you date guys you wouldn't even be friends with - ever.''' ,'''I know that in life there will be sickness, devastation, disappointments, heartache - it's a given. What's not a given is the way you choose to get through it all. If you look hard enough, you can always find the bright side.''' ,'''For the most part, there's so much of me in my characters.''' ,'''I don't like expectations.''' ,'''I am definitively qualitative about work.''' ,'''I can fall asleep anywhere.''' ,'''I had a nickname in junior high, and I'm loathe to say this: 'potato lady.'''' ,'''I love being part of an ensemble.''' ,'''I know what it's like to have my heart broken. It is not adorable.''' ,'''In elementary and high school, I never considered acting as a profession.''' ,'''I can be pretty persuasive if I believe in something strongly enough.''' ,'''I love romantic comedies. I have a deep respect for them. I think they're really difficult to write and write well.''' ,'''I think every girl has that a guy she has trouble letting go of.''' ,'''I kind of understand now why people freak out when they see celebrities that they love, because that's how I feel about every single Muppet.''' ,'''Marriage feels like an industry with catering and really expensive bands.''' ,'''I find it scary to sing - scarier than acting actually.''' ,'''Geeks are finally having their day.''' ,'''I am generally cast as the dependable, affable, loving, friend-wife-girlfriend.''' ,'''For the most part, having more money and more fame make your life harder. It just does. I've seen it happen with people. You know, it's so hard to stay normal. It's so hard to stay happy. It's hard to remember why you were doing what you did in the first place.''' ,'''I'm a comedy geek so anything comedy related, whether that's standup shows, improv shows, I'm all over that. That's my favorite way to be entertained always.''' ,'''A question I get asked a lot is 'What is it like to play the straight guy all the time?' And I'm totally okay with it.''' ,'''My first love, I'll never forget, and it's such a big part of who I am, and in so many ways, we could never be together, but that doesn't mean that it's not forever. Because it is forever.''' ,'''I have a lot of girl friends who are very adept at making friends, and guys are just not.''' ,'''You can't be an openly gay movie star. You can't be an openly gay pop star, really - minus Ricky Martin.''' ,'''Men do weird things when they experience fear. It's like a fight-or-flight thing.''' ,'''Caring about what people think of me decreases everyday.''' ,'''I've always dreamt of having some sort of undercover job. I think it's probably the coolest thing in the world, but ultimately a very lonely life.''' ,'''You know, I grew up on romantic comedies, and it's hard to find a new way to tell that story.''' ,'''As much as my parents are part of Hollywood, I have no recollection of them giving me advice about it.''' ,'''I feel like there is this weird thing where celebrity involvement in political campaigns kind of goes together like peanut butter and chocolate. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad.''' ,'''I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom.''' ,'''Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.''' ,'''It's such a fortunate life, if you can work as an actor.''' ,'''To me, it's really easy to feel glamorous and beautiful with red lips. It's great because you don't have to do anything else. I don't have to do anything to my face. I can have cleanly washed hair and if I just put on like a matte red lip, it just makes everything seem special.''' ,'''Spy plots are hard, really hard.''' ,'''In high school, I was on the youth advisory council for the Mayor's Office of Los Angeles, and that was kind of my first experience in the bureaucratic system. We tried to get things done, and nobody was really interested in getting anything done.''' ,'''I have six brothers and sisters. We all look totally different: blonde hair, curly hair, green eyes, dark eyes, dark skin, light skin. It's just how it is.''' ,'''In 2002 Mom and I got a chance to act together in a play called 'Pitching to the Star,' with her brother, Robert Lipton. The three of us on the same stage - that was such a special experience for me.''' ,'''Mom is the most unconditionally loving person I will ever know, and she has always supported me on every level.''' ,'''Well, dating has become a sport and not about finding the person you love.''' ,'''I don't want to be an artist, go on tour and make a video and wear sexy clothes. I would just love to make music.''' ,'''Women have been interesting forever.''' ,'''I don't think that there's been one example in history where somebody has openly talked about their personal life and it's done them any good.''' ,'''People are not enjoying life because they're trying to be something or brand themselves.''' ,'''I really like the relaxed glamour of the '70s.''' ,'''It's hard to find female leads that are flawed and interesting and dynamic.''' ,'''My pet peeve and my goal in life is to somehow get an adjective for 'integrity' in the dictionary. 'Truthful' doesn't really cover it, or 'genuine.' It should be like 'integritus.'''' ,'''Comedy is like music, and the way to make the best music is to have skilled musicians in your band.''' ,'''Timing is everything with relationships.''' ,'''Chemotherapy is brutal. The goal is pretty much to kill everything in your body without killing you.''' ,'''I'm friends with a lot of my exes, but it took time. We didn't just get into it. I don't think you can be friends until you're cool with them dating someone else. That's when you know.''' ,'''Music breaks my heart constantly.''' ,'''My mother and I are more than best friends; we are partners in crime. After she and my father, Quincy Jones, separated when I was 10 years old, my sister, Kidada, who was 12, went to live with our dad, and I stayed with my mother.''' ,'''I'm lucky because I have so many clashing cultural, racial things going on: black, Jewish, Irish, Portuguese, Cherokee. I can float and be part of any community I want.''' ,'''In early high school years, I was pretty chubby, and I spent a lot of time on my computer, before it was cool to have a computer - because there was a time that was true. So that's where I developed my personality.''' ,'''Sure, being good at your job is really important, but in acting, so much of the decision's already made the minute you walk in the room because they're like, 'His hair's good or she's got the right skin color' or whatever. It's so random, but it's so physically oriented.''' ,'''I have to say, you know, I've seen so many people go through the cycle and become famous and not famous anymore and, you know, want - have their priorities change and want different things.''' ,'''I remember being a kid and seeing the 'National Inquirer' at the grocery store checkout line. When somebody actually picked up a copy, it was mortifying. You felt dirty for them. But now it's perfectly acceptable to read something like that. There's absolutely no taboo surrounding that kind of exploitation.''' ,'''I love going to weddings.''' ,'''Streaking through a large crowd has always been a secret fantasy of mine.''' ,'''I don't think any other emotion is the equivalent of laughter. So I do whatever I can to laugh all the time and to hide my pain.''' ,'''I think part of being an adult is leaving the fairytale behind.''' ,'''I tend to leave the house without makeup all the time. I'm kind of lazy that way.''' ,'''Music is hugely important to me.''' ,'''Good rom-coms have some reflection of the way things are, the sign of the times.''' ,'''I have no issues with my identity.''' ,'''In college, I had a lot of friends who were writers and wanted to be writers and I felt intimidated by it. I just didn't know if I had any gift or voice and I had no confidence about it.''' ,'''Well, I'm not a method actress by any stretch of the imagination so the best thing that I can do is be as real as possible and find whatever commonality in that character that I can see myself.''' ,'''I have a lot of skepticism about marriage and monogamy.''' ,'''Control the public's perception of you and nobody will care if you have any talent.''' ,'''People don't believe this, but Hollywood really is a meritocracy.''' ,'''For the most part, it is really nice when people come up to me, because I do think that people who are awkward relate to me, and that's really nice. It's generally good.''' ,'''You know, I definitely have an inclination to work in the public sector.''' ,'''Women tend to double-speak - I'm definitely guilty of that.''' ,'''It's downright undignified how many blazers I've bought over the years. And will continue to buy. They immediately give shape and add authority. With the perfect blazer, anything is possible.''' ,'''In my twenties I would be skeptical of a bad haircut, but once you turn thirty it's more about whether he a nice person and does he open the door for me. Once you turn thirty-five, it's more about would he make a good father. And even if you're just liking somebody and digging on someone, I think you can't help but think in those terms.''' ,'''I totally believe in romance and love and all that.''' ,'''I want a baby and I want a family, for sure.''' ,'''You can never stop discovering music.''' ,'''I took a Groundlings class in my 20s, and I was terrible. They didn't even pass me to the next level.''' ,'''People still go to Comic-Con because they love comics.''' ,'''There's a definite responsibility that comes with being famous. You shouldn't be able to just dress up and look pretty.''' ,'''There's no better way to process pain than to write.''' ,'''There's people who watch shows while they're preparing their dinners, and they don't want to focus, and they don't want to be challenged, and whatever. And then there's people who want to really sit down and get into a character in a world, and feel like they're expanding, or they have complex relationships, or whatever.''' ,]
+++