+++
author = "Ryan Higa"
title = "Ryan Higa Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Ryan Higa Quotes"
keywords = "ryan higa,ryan higa quotes,ryan higa quote,ryan higa sayings,ryan higa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Thriving in the digital space is about constant commitment and engagement rather than being hit-driven like traditional media.''' ,'''In making YouTube videos, you can't just be an actor, you have to also know the shots and how to write.''' ,'''I feel like more and more advertisers are coming to YouTubers.''' ,'''I definitely want to branch into television and mainstream.''' ,'''One of my first videos on VHS, unknowingly at the time, was a stop-motion of a cup moving across a countertop on its own. I was pretending that I was performing some kind of magic trick. It was my way of doing effects without understanding how to edit.''' ,'''Fake news and rumors thrive online because few verify what's real and always bias towards content that reinforces their own biases.''' ,'''I never had a single big break - because few do online.''' ,'''Everything on mobile seems a lot quicker. You have direct access to each individual fan, and they can respond to you just as quickly as you sent a text message.''' ,'''I get a lot of offers, but I'm pretty picky about what I promote.''' ,'''I read the viewer comments and that helps me decide what my next video will be.''' ,'''I actually started making videos in 2004, before YouTube, using a VHS camcorder, but had to take the tape with a cassette to friends' homes so that they could see it.''' ,'''I do a little bit of acting, but I wouldn't call myself an actor.''' ,'''Success is liking yourself and what you do because if you like yourself, you are happy with who you are and how you live and what you do.''' ,'''I was doing nuclear med I didn't like it. My first semester I switched to film major. YouTube helped make that decision for me.''' ,'''I try to use my influence and empower my community to always question the status quo - whether it relates to broader policy issues or YouTube gossip.''' ,'''Technically, I direct, I'm a writer, and I do all these things, but I never went to school for them. It's just something you pick up; it's like its own art, basically.''' ,'''I'll continue to make videos as long as I have the time and people continue to watch my videos, but eventually I'd like to mainstream into TV or movies.''' ,'''I have comedic things in my stuff, but I don't consider myself a comedian. I'm just a YouTuber, I guess just a personality.''' ,'''In the beginning, every little thing used to bother me. Now, even the worst sounding things sound like a joke because I've seen everything.''' ,'''YouTube keeps changing, and you have to change with it.''' ,'''The closest thing I have to a manager is probably my mum.''' ,'''I've always wanted to connect with my viewers but there's only so much you can do through commenting and tweets.''' ,'''For the very first video I ever made, I was told to film our family reunion, or something like that, and I had so much fun with it that I just kept doing it since then - probably since seventh grade.''' ,'''The fans are the motivators that keep me creating my style of content.''' ,'''To me, 'success' is happiness and my top tip for happiness would be to understand and learn to use perspective.''' ,'''Lemonade is not just made of lemons. It's barely lemons! It's mostly water and sugar! Life didn't give us that.''' ,'''There are product placements. I worked with a lot of companies like Universal and Wonderful Pistachios.''' ,'''When I make a video, I'm always thinking about the fans.''' ,'''I was supposed to go into nuclear medicine and become a doctor.''' ,'''It's the Internet. I'm sure many people know that it's one of the toughest places to be if you're sensitive.''' ,'''I try to keep the topics trendy. If it's a rant, it's something I feel strongly about, and people will watch it because they either agree or disagree.''' ,'''If you're likable, people will like you.''' ,'''I guess the dream would be to do movies, and keep people updated with my videos.''' ,]
+++