+++
author = "Tish Cyrus"
title = "Tish Cyrus Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Tish Cyrus Quotes"
keywords = "tish cyrus,tish cyrus quotes,tish cyrus quote,tish cyrus sayings,tish cyrus saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love finding vintage mid-century pieces at the Rose Bowl Flea Market. They have great finds at an incredible price!''' ,'''Miley is an artist, I will say that.''' ,'''There's a lot of design shows out there, and I watch them all.''' ,'''Our family is everything to me, my kids, and I'm proud of the family and the relationship and how hard we've worked. We've publicly gone through stuff and made it work. And I'm so glad that we did, 'cause our family so strong and so amazing. I'm blessed.''' ,'''Shopping is my all-time favorite thing to do!''' ,'''After five kids I have seen it all.''' ,'''I'm so proud of all my kids. I'm like, 'I did something right!'''' ,'''People need to take a tonsilectomy seriously. It can be life threatening.''' ,'''I used to be so fun.''' ,'''I wanted to raise my kids to be strong, independent and follow their dreams and be themselves and make choices based on what they want not what the press, management or a record label or I don't care who it is... you stick to what you want and you be who you are and be proud of it.''' ,'''Something I really respect about Miley is that she really does truly know what's important and what matters.''' ,'''I have a very specific style, I feel like.''' ,'''I always told my family, to me interior design and how my house feels is like their music.''' ,'''I think a lot of people, when you go through struggles and difficult times, that people throw in the towel a little too easy. And I think that any relationship - whether it's marriage or family, it doesn't matter - it's you truly do have to take care of it and nurture and really work hard at relationships.''' ,'''I have always had an obsession with candles.''' ,'''I think Miley is so real and every stage you see her in is truly the stage of her life that she's in.''' ,'''Every Saturday morning when we are making breakfast, we twerk in the kitchen. It is so much fun.''' ,'''Sometimes, I will find a vintage piece that is so special it will inspire me to decorate an entire room around it.''' ,'''Miley grew up around animals and with all our horses growing up, so she is very passionate about protecting all animals.''' ,'''I think that anybody that is interesting and takes risks is always going to be a target.''' ,'''Over the years, I've been offered quite a few reality shows, and a lot of times they're about bickering and drama. I watch some of the Housewives, and that can create some real tension in your family!''' ,'''Because I have homes in Nashville and in Los Angeles, I've found some pretty amazing places to shop in both cities.''' ,'''As a family we love to come together, so I never want it to feel stuffy where someone feels like they can't kick their feet up. That's the Nashville gal in me.''' ,'''Miley's always been Noah's biggest fan. Miley's always like, 'I can be in a room until Noah walks in!' She truly has always had something very special. She probably is the funniest person I know.''' ,'''Everybody knows I'm interior-design obsessed because when I got my office, I came in and painted everything and put all-white furniture in. People would literally go, 'Can we just stop by and peek in your office? We heard it's fabulous.'''' ,'''I'm really lucky that I don't work out and I eat, like, the worst of anyone on the earth, it's horrible.''' ,'''I want all my kids to have big weddings.''' ,'''When Billy Ray and I first got married, we lived in an A-frame house in Kentucky, and I didn't even know you could get drapes made - I used to get drapes from Dillard's. Once I hired a designer to help decorate that house was when I discovered a passion for designing.''' ,'''Over the years I, personally, have had many people come and want me to do reality shows based around the family. That was just something I never considered doing. It's so much conflict and it's so invasive into your personal life.''' ,'''I think there's an interest surrounding our family; it's not just Miley, but it's Noah and me and Billy Ray and Branid and Trace and everyone.''' ,'''In the evening I love lighting all my candles. It creates such a beautiful ambiance.''' ,'''I truly do feel like scent can change your mood and the feeling in a room.''' ,]
+++