+++
author = "Max Lucado"
title = "Max Lucado Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Max Lucado Quotes"
keywords = "max lucado,max lucado quotes,max lucado quote,max lucado sayings,max lucado saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If we can understand that death is not the end but is really a transition into the next life, the great part of life, that frees us up into receiving God's courage and his help.''' ,'''People assume when they come into a church and see a person up there speaking, 'That person must be a good person.' My challenge through the years has been believing that: 'I guess I must be a really good person.' I struggle with it. It just helps me to keep that confessional posture.''' ,'''Well, I think the main message is there is more to your story. There is more than what happens between the crib and the grave, and that is what I am really trying to speak to, this idea that all of life is this life and that there is nothing more than what we see and experience right here on this earth.''' ,'''A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.''' ,'''I think that a church should be setting the pace for social justice.''' ,'''My book centers in on the New Testament, the goal being to help a person who wants to understand the Bible to see how what God did as revealed in the New Testament will reveal to them their own personal story.''' ,'''One of the things I discover a lot in marriage counseling is the husband or wife trying to get their spiritual thirst quenched by their partner; I think that's a real common mistake that we make.''' ,'''Lower your expectations of earth. This isn't heaven, so don't expect it to be.''' ,'''We are Jesus Christ's; we belong to him. But even more, we are increasingly him. He moves in and commandeers our hands and feet, requisitions our minds and tongues. We sense his rearranging: debris into the divine, pig's ear into silk purse. He repurposes bad decisions and squalid choices. Little by little, a new image emerges.''' ,'''You know people just assume, 'Well, all my life I'll be a worrier.' That doesn't have to be true. There's a way to drink from God's presence so much that worry begins to dissipate.''' ,'''I don't believe our works save us, but I believe they follow us into heaven and bring glory to God.''' ,'''My first encounters with faith came about the time I was a Boy Scout, at about 14 or 15. I made the logical deduction that they operate the same way; I treated my faith like earning a merit badge, and everything about Christianity was about earning merit badges.''' ,'''God is not troubled by one who is conservative or liberal, and He certainly never inclines His ear toward a donkey or an elephant.''' ,'''What we realize is number one, people want to know what the Bible says. In their heart, they want to know the Bible but it is just hard to understand the big picture of it. And number two, they want to know where they plug in.''' ,'''A season of suffering is a small assignment when compared to the reward. Rather than begrudge your problem, explore it. Ponder it. And most of all, use it. Use it to the glory of God.''' ,'''Initially, when I first became a Christian and got into ministry, my thought was that God existed to make my life better and to take me to Heaven. Now I realize that it is not about me at all. It is all about God and that He did this to display His plan to restore the Earth to the Garden of Eden state.''' ,'''One of the greatest gifts we can give people is the hope that their death is nothing to fear - you know, not that it has no fear in it, but the promise of scripture is that God will lead us through the valley of the shadow of death.''' ,'''I get one hour, really 25 minutes in a sermon on a weekend, to combat all the hours of the week that people are told you are what you have through billboards, commercials, and sitcoms, and so forth.''' ,'''God will use whatever he wants to display his glory. Heavens and stars. History and nations. People and problems.''' ,'''When grace happens, we receive not a nice compliment from God but a new heart. Give your heart to Christ, and he returns the favor.''' ,'''You change your life by changing your heart.''' ,'''The meaning of life. The wasted years of life. The poor choices of life. God answers the mess of life with one word: 'grace.'''' ,'''If we think that this life is all there is to life, then there is no interpretation of our problems, our pain, not even of our privileges. But everything changes when we open up to the possibility that God's story is really our story too.''' ,'''Become a worry-slapper. Treat frets like mosquitoes. Do you procrastinate when a bloodsucking bug lights on your skin? 'I'll take care of it in a moment.' Of course you don't! You give the critter the slap it deserves. Be equally decisive with anxiety.''' ,'''There is a time for risky love. There is a time for extravagant gestures. There is a time to pour out your affections on one you love. And when the time comes - seize it, don't miss it.''' ,'''It seems to me that election season is just a Petri dish for anger and cynicism.''' ,'''A nation is blessed when it has godly leaders.''' ,'''About four days a week, I do pretty good at having a morning prayer time. But even at that, it's a rambling sort of thing. What I have learned to do better is to try to keep my mind turned toward God and ear inclined toward God throughout the day, and I think I'm doing better at that, but I've got a long way to go.''' ,'''Compassion in evangelical churches is out of balance. When I talk about it, I get a lot of glazed expressions.''' ,'''The apostle Paul never seemed to exhaust the topic of grace - what makes us think we can? He just kept coming at it and coming at it from another angle. That's the thing about grace. It's like springtime. You can't put it in a single sentence definition, and you can't exhaust it.''' ,'''God's glory is the big news of the Bible, and my desire is that it would be all about me, but really it's all about God's glory.''' ,'''Sentences are like just caught fish. Spunky today, stinky tomorrow.''' ,'''The idea of a spiritual heart transplant is a vivid image to me; once you have the heart of somebody else inside you, then that heart is there. Jesus' heart is inside me, and my heart is gone. So if God were to place a stethoscope against my chest, he would hear the heart of Jesus Christ beating.''' ,'''I was raised in the greatest of homes... just a really great dad, and I miss him so much... he was a good man, a real simple man... Very faithful, always loved my mom, always provided for the kids, and just a lot of fun.''' ,'''There's something about compassion that causes society to say, 'We're going to take this person seriously.' Take Mother Teresa. She was confrontational on abortion, but she wasn't rejected by society.''' ,'''Be a doer, not a stewer.''' ,'''God meets daily needs daily. Not weekly or annually. He will give you what you need when it is needed.''' ,'''Grace is God as heart surgeon, cracking open your chest, removing your heart - poisoned as it is with pride and pain - and replacing it with his own.''' ,'''For years I thought my assignment or the Church's assignment was to articulate the Gospel and nothing more. Now I believe that if we don't support the verbal expression of the Gospel with physical demonstration of compassion, we are not imitating Jesus.''' ,]
+++