+++
author = "Momo Hirai"
title = "Momo Hirai Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Momo Hirai Quotes"
keywords = "momo hirai,momo hirai quotes,momo hirai quote,momo hirai sayings,momo hirai saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Personally, I loved our performance for the 2018 MAMA's. I loved our outfits and choreography.''' ,'''I just don't want to be seen as a strong person.''' ,'''I wrote 'Love Foolish,' and when I heard the music for the first time, it felt like this was a song that Twice hadn't done before. I thought the song and music had a very mature tone, so I wrote the lyrics to match. I was inspired by the music directly.''' ,'''Before I came to Korea, my family worried about me because I came here when I was very young.''' ,'''When I came to Korea for the first time, I couldn't understand the language.''' ,'''I love to wear training suits, but if I'm in the mood to dress up a little nicer, I do!''' ,'''For me, personally, I love delicious food when I'm stressed.''' ,'''I always wanted to thrill people with my dancing - just as how K-pop dancing thrilled me.''' ,'''I try to be very cautious when washing my face.''' ,'''My absolute dream goal is to dance with Beyonce on stage.''' ,'''I like to watch the TV shows 'The World of the Married' and 'Hangout with Yoo' with the members.''' ,'''I didn't eat well while filming 'Sixteen' because I was so stressed out.''' ,'''Yes - I agree that 'Love Foolish' is very similar to 'Make Me Go,' however, the message is different. 'Love Foolish' follows a story of someone who falls in love, whereas, 'Make Me Go' is a story of someone who wants to find love!''' ,'''We have dreamed of being 'the top girl group' for so long, and we are so thankful and appreciative to even be described as that.''' ,'''I was fascinated by the powerful yet precise dance performances of K-pop. I loved Rain and 2NE1.''' ,'''Out of all our Twice songs in general, I really like 'TT.' It's really fun to perform with fans.''' ,'''It was an honor to have our album and names mentioned on the Billboard charts.''' ,'''Nayeon always makes me laugh, and she is so funny when we are together. She is older than me, and she really is like an older sister. She cares about me a lot, and always gives me advice on my problems. She is an awesome sister!''' ,'''We are able to relieve stress by leaning on each other. We often hang out at our home, order takeout food, and talk openly about our feelings. We are all there for each other.''' ,'''I have fond memories of our concert performances.''' ,'''I like to be blonder, and I know Once likes my hair lighter too.''' ,'''We get to wear a lot of pretty and fancy clothes for our performances and videos, so in my daily life, I like to be really comfortable.''' ,'''I can't remember the exact age, but I do remember being very young when I started to dance and listen to music.''' ,'''I like to watch our fans' reactions when we perform.''' ,''''Turtle' is one of our favorite ballad songs that we've written. It is very quiet but also so bright.''' ,''''Feel Special' is the song that we all cherish, and we thought the song's lyrics are words that everyone needed to hear.''' ,'''I will never forget when we performed at the Tokyo Dome. Growing up, I was told that only A-list famous musicians are invited to perform at that venue.''' ,'''I always keep a small timer next to me to tell me how many seconds I have to wash each part of my face.''' ,'''At first, not having Mina with us made us all feel lonely, and there was an emptiness without her. However, Mina is trying her best to participate, so even when she's not with us in person, she's still always with us in spirit.''' ,'''Our music is becoming more mature.''' ,'''We feel pressure from every angle to meet expectations, but the pressure also pushes us in a positive was as well.''' ,]
+++