+++
author = "Diane Greene"
title = "Diane Greene Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Diane Greene Quotes"
keywords = "diane greene,diane greene quotes,diane greene quote,diane greene sayings,diane greene saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Almost every customer that I talk to is talking about how they're using APIs, and what a step function they are for their business.''' ,'''When we were small, the idea of VMware wasn't well defined, and convincing people to join was difficult. Each person we hired at that time was a big deal.''' ,'''I have pretty set rules that I go home for dinner every night unless I am traveling.''' ,'''I've never been in the enterprise where your customers are your partners. It was always, you had customers, and you had partners.''' ,'''If you know where you are going, you have this sixth sense about if everything you do along the way is lined up with that.''' ,'''More than anything, I think my connection to the sea has really helped me develop my independence and a sense of the importance and value of my own vision.''' ,'''Now we're in an environment where women are increasingly having a huge impact and adding a lot of value to our industry. And women are celebrated if they raise their hand and say, 'Hey, you're missing my value. You're not recognizing what I'm doing.'''' ,'''We believe that cloud will be based on significant open-source components that are offered as services. People don't want to be locked into a single provider.''' ,'''I'm super partner-oriented. That's how I built VMware.''' ,'''I have a lot of help to do chores so I can be with my family, and I never have any help over the weekends.''' ,'''I just do what I want to do. I look at what's interesting to me.''' ,'''Google is committed to open source and open APIs, and part of that is creating a partner-friendly place.''' ,'''Kids are curious, and if you don't lose that, then everything is an adventure.''' ,'''I only use a Chromebook now. I never thought I could do that, but I love it.''' ,'''When you race a sailboat, the selection of your crew is just completely paramount. It's impossible to be an effective skipper if you don't have the right people working harmoniously in the right roles.''' ,'''Every customer wants to run on all the clouds.''' ,'''At VMware, we did the virtualization, which is now used extensively across the cloud. Virtualization layers - and containers - are what facilitated the cloud originally.''' ,'''Paul Otellini, the former CEO of Intel, I worked with while I was still with VMware. I knew Ram Shriram through the tech industry.''' ,'''At VMware, the engineers worked very closely with our customers, closely with the field, and it was exciting for everyone. So, one of things I did here at Google when I arrived was to combine sales, marketing, engineering, and product.''' ,'''This whole cloud phenomenon is gaining steam pretty rapidly, and it's really become a strategic imperative for people.''' ,'''Everything is changing now that we are in the cloud in terms of sharing our data, understanding our data using new techniques like machine learning.''' ,'''To sail successfully, you need to observe with great care. You need to identify what the wind and the water are telling you and then find a way to execute, to reach whatever goal you've set, be that simply making it home or winning a race.''' ,'''If I could inexpensively pick up a killer sales force without a lot of the other things that I don't necessarily need, yeah, I'd be all there.''' ,'''One of the happiest times of my life, I lived in a tent on a porch on Hawaii.''' ,'''There's a lot that machine learning can't do that humans can do very, very well.''' ,'''When I first started VMware, I was very shy and self-conscious about speaking. I grew out of this by giving talks each week in front of the whole company; gradually, as we scaled, I had talked to more and more people, and this is how I conquered my fear of talking to people.''' ,'''I'm pretty transparent and clear about things. The things I do and the way I act are no different than I would expect of others. Mostly it's about being very clear about what we are trying to do and communicating a lot and showing absolute consistency and integrity about what I say and do.''' ,'''If you had a hobby, family, or wanted to do things besides work - you should join VMware. We didn't have nearly as long hours as Google given our customers worked normal business hours.''' ,'''Google went in a consumer direction, and VMware was system infrastructure. But there are a lot of parallels and similarities.''' ,'''Building a company is so much like racing a sailboat.''' ,'''It's a good thing to remember that hiring will get easier as you scale - but you should also never drop your standards.''' ,'''If I had to have my druthers - the best technology, the best cloud... if I had to choose between that and building out a sales force and building out customer support... I would pick the latter.''' ,]
+++