+++
author = "Bobby Schilling"
title = "Bobby Schilling Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Bobby Schilling Quotes"
keywords = "bobby schilling,bobby schilling quotes,bobby schilling quote,bobby schilling sayings,bobby schilling saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I come from the restaurant business; you're talking to a guy used to working 12, 14 hours a day.''' ,'''There are still times when I am walking up, and I look at the Capitol, and I think, 'Oh my goodness.' Right now, I am kind of scared to go onto the floor and speak. Once I get used to it, though, they probably won't be able to keep me off there.''' ,'''You can't be pro-labor and anti-business.''' ,'''It's amazing what the Internet can teach you to do.''' ,'''I'm a hard worker. I'm a people person.''' ,'''One thing we're going to focus on is the middle class and the crushing prices and stagnant wages they're facing. What motivates me is looking at my 3-year-old son and thinking about what we're passing on to him and his future wife and their future kids.''' ,'''I'm the guy who puts projects together.''' ,'''Incumbent Congresswoman Bustos has proven during her time in Washington that she doesn't understand or feel the pain of middle class families. We need a true representative fighting for us in Washington, and incumbent Congresswoman Cheri Bustos has refused to act.''' ,'''I've done a contract with my district. I have term-limited myself. I am not taking the pension. I am not taking pay raises, and my family and I are bringing our own health care to Washington, D.C. And my dad taught me as a kid to lead by example - Congress should not have anything better than the American people.''' ,'''Our workers, our American people who are already struggling, are going to continue to struggle until we can get somebody who can bring some business sense to Washington D.C., and I think that is the one thing I bring.''' ,'''One of the biggest problems is - you know, I've got some Hispanic friends - is that a lot of those folks that don't know English, is primarily because they don't even know Spanish. They don't even know their own language.''' ,]
+++