+++
author = "Rylan Clark-Neal"
title = "Rylan Clark-Neal Quotes"
quotes_len = "70"
description = "the best 70 Rylan Clark-Neal Quotes"
keywords = "rylan clark-neal,rylan clark-neal quotes,rylan clark-neal quote,rylan clark-neal sayings,rylan clark-neal saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''But I've realised that sometimes you have to walk away and take some time for yourself.''' ,'''I've had many baking disasters but whatever it is, I'll cover it with icing and sprinkles and say a child has made it.''' ,'''I did Eurovision a few weeks back and to be fair, you can't get a gayer show than Eurovision.''' ,'''I laughed and laughed so much my lip burst open and collagen filler started to dribble out. I'd had a bit too much filler put in the week before.''' ,'''I knew I had to be the gay stereotype that was on the front of the papers every day. And I did my job well. I played the game.''' ,'''I take each day as it comes and hope for the best.''' ,'''People should be able to dance with whoever they want. If two guys or two girls want to dance together, that's great.''' ,'''I would love nothing more than to become a professional ice skater, but I would rather do it privately.''' ,'''I've always been a massive fan of 'It Takes Two' and to be working with the amazing Zoe Ball is a dream.''' ,'''I love a bit of drama.''' ,'''In 2013, I had to do 'The Wright Stuff' on about an hour's sleep. I was asked, 'What do you make of the situation in Mali?' and I said, 'Well, I've not seen the film but I know the dog dies in the end.' They were talking about the civil war, and the whole audience took an inward breath. I thought, 'Should I not have revealed the end of the film?'''' ,'''I really like Benjamin from Sweden with 'Dance You Off,' and Equinox from Bulgaria with 'Bones' - and they were really great to interview at the London Eurovision Party.''' ,'''One thing I've learnt is not to have a bucket list.''' ,'''It doesn't matter on 'Big Brother' how big you are, anyone can dominate the series.''' ,'''I've got this weird thing where I screw my face up. I don't know what it is, but I do it a lot.''' ,'''I've been broody since the age of 12.''' ,'''I can't imagine TV without 'Big Brother.' When C4 got rid of it I rang the helpline in 'Heat' magazine. I was that devastated.''' ,'''The X Factor' is nothing without Louis Walsh.''' ,'''There's nothing better than getting announced you're doing a job, people slating you, then you do a job and having people go 'he's actually all right.'''' ,'''I'm such a massive fan of 'Strictly,' so I was overwhelmed when I got asked to be a host on 'It Takes Two.' It came completely out of the blue!''' ,'''I'm already a stepdad but, of course, I'd like to have kids.''' ,'''I'm all about Ibiza, dance. I'm a bit of a Tulisa kid to be honest.''' ,'''Strictly' is a machine, it's a beast! It's the biggest show on television, I was thrilled I was allowed to come to watch the show - let alone work on it!''' ,'''For the first three months of 'Big Brother' I was a terrible TV presenter. But everyone was talking about the teeth. By the time they'd stopped talking about the teeth I was good at my job.''' ,'''The great thing about 'Stand Up for Cancer' is it doesn't take itself too seriously, this is out there, we're going to help sort it out, and we're going to have a laugh while we do it.''' ,'''I was actually in a Take That tribute band.''' ,'''I've watched 'Strictly' every single year. I think the only year I didn't watch it was when I was on 'X Factor!' I was a bit busy in 2012! But apart from that, I've always watched it.''' ,'''People have different opinions. That's what Twitter is for.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a weirdo.''' ,'''I think 'Celebrity Big Brother' is one of the most important shows on TV because we get to see people for who they really, really are and you've only got to look at.''' ,'''You've can play the game, by all means play the game because that's what it is. But if you think you can act your whole way through 'Big Brother' you shouldn't be in Borehamwood, you should be in Hollywood.''' ,'''I am constantly nice to people. Sometimes they don't deserve it.''' ,'''I'd love kids.''' ,'''These teeth were the best and worst decision of my life.''' ,'''I'm public property, the public put me where I am. They own me.''' ,'''There's no way I'd ever do 'I'm A Celebrity.'''' ,'''I went back to 'The X Factor' for one reason, because I wanted to have that full circle. It's where I started, and I went back as a presenter. And that's what I wanted and I got that.''' ,'''I was probably about 13 or 14. I got pulled from a rope swing and some boy kicked me in the head and fractured my skull. It was a horrible time.''' ,'''I go home and take all of my make-up off. Then I sit in my pants or a tracksuit and watch 'Birds Of A Feather.' That's most nights of my life.''' ,'''I'm no Bradley Walsh.''' ,'''I love Sertab Erener with 'Everyway That I Can' - that was an absolute tune.''' ,'''People always ask me if I'm best friends with everyone I work with in telly - but no, not everyone you work with is your friend.''' ,'''I love having my personal life. Hence why I didn't sell my wedding to a magazine.''' ,'''Because I've got veneers, I am always checking to make sure I haven't got food in my teeth.''' ,'''I love babies.''' ,'''Every job I've inherited, like 'Strictly's It Takes Two' and the radio show with Zoe Ball or 'Big Brother' with Emma Willis, I'll always ring them first and say, 'Are you OK with me doing it?'''' ,'''Everything has got a place in my house. If something is moved I get a panic attack.''' ,'''I mean, I'm an 'X Factor' reject presenting on Radio 2, what's going on?''' ,'''Anyone who knows me will say I'm the most normal bloke you'll ever meet.''' ,'''I hate the showbiz scene.''' ,'''I always said I would never leave 'Big Brother' unless I was sacked or not wanted, so if it does go elsewhere and they want a new host then fair enough, but I'll be devastated.''' ,'''I just think we all need a bit of fun in our lives.''' ,'''I've never stopped since the day I came off 'X Factor' to look in the mirror and say 'you did it.' It's too much for my tiny little brain to work out.''' ,'''Since day one I've always wanted kids.''' ,'''I'd never want to get too big for my boots.''' ,'''I live in quite a smart home. I built it from scratch, so I thought of everything... a lot of my doors are automatic; the whole house is voice-activated.''' ,'''I'm so excited and honoured to be joining the BBC Radio 2 family.''' ,'''Louis is Louis Walsh, if he don't work again, he's laughing. So are generations of Louis Walsh to come.''' ,'''I'm not under any illusion that I'm an A-lister; I don't think I'm even on the alphabet scale. But I'm in people's houses every day - I'm there when they wake up and there when they go to bed. So people think they know who I am. And, to a certain extent, they do.''' ,'''My job is one of the things that keeps me sane. I love what I do and I'm lucky to do it.''' ,'''I think it's weird going to the toilet in clothes. I don't like it.''' ,'''Things like 'I'm A Celebrity,' when they're going to a trial, they might reset the camera for a bit or give a briefing that's not on camera. But 'Big Brother,' you see everything.''' ,'''I don't get holiday, I'm self-employed. That's a really big risk for anyone in telly.''' ,'''If I did have a baby, I'd be the sort to want a year off just to be a dad.''' ,'''Reality in America is heavily scripted, very edited, and they have a say in what goes on TV and what doesn't.''' ,'''I am a bit of a lad but don't tell: it will ruin my image!''' ,'''After making the finals of 'Celebrity MasterChef' I know how tough cooking under pressure can be.''' ,'''The whole first year of my career was a public vote. I know exactly where I've come from and the public played a massive part and I'll never forget that, but I shouldn't have to explain to anyone I need a break.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with Brexit.''' ,'''You get some really unlikely friendships on 'Big Brother' and that's one of the joys of it.''' ,]
+++