+++
author = "Phoebe Fox"
title = "Phoebe Fox Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 Phoebe Fox Quotes"
keywords = "phoebe fox,phoebe fox quotes,phoebe fox quote,phoebe fox sayings,phoebe fox saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My first filming job was one of the first episodes of 'Black Mirror,' before anyone knew what that was going to be. It was this mad project with some great people behind it - and now it's 'Black Mirror!' It was sort of baptism by fire.''' ,'''I mean, I'd love to see 'The Woman in Black' in the Nineties on the rave scene!''' ,'''I don't tend to re-read things, but never say never.''' ,'''My parents had multiple jobs.''' ,'''The goalposts are still very different. As an actress, you have to earn people's respect, be professional, turn up on time. Whereas guys can get away with a lot and pass off bad behaviour as, 'Oh, he's so method!'''' ,'''I'm incredibly lazy. On a day off, I'm more likely to be sitting on our sofa reading a book than out and about being active. I sometimes do a bit of yoga but I find it hard to get motivated for any kind of physical exercise.''' ,'''Something about the way I look screams 'aristocrat, 1940s.' It's so strange, because I'm not.''' ,'''I'd love to play a villain! I always end up playing people that are quite goody-two- shoes. I would love to play someone who is a little bit evil. I think that would be really fun.''' ,'''I went to see 'The Babadook' at the cinema. Even as I was walking there, I was thinking, 'What the hell am I doing here?' Before I would never have seen something that had a poster proclaiming it was shockingly scary or 'You won't sleep at night.' But I paid money and really enjoyed it.''' ,'''I admire actors such as Laura Linney, Cate Blanchett and Andrea Riseborough, who take risks and fight to not be defined by their gender.''' ,'''My first scene ever on camera was a dinner scene and I ate all the food. They yelled cut and the actor across from me was like, 'You know you're going to have to eat the same thing every single time.' I learned the hard way.''' ,'''I would love to see an adaptation of 'Less' by Andrew Sean Greer. It has all the things I want in a film; love, travel, humour.''' ,'''I wouldn't want to take a job that I got tied into for six years - that just doesn't interest me.''' ,'''My dad's an amazing carpenter and he does painting and decorating.''' ,'''I'd really like to make my own work.''' ,'''A corset is always challenging.''' ,'''There are centuries worth of conditioning telling us that the thing that gives women status or importance is beauty.''' ,'''I know the fact I've worked continuously since drama school means I fit a stereotype - the ingenue.''' ,'''I like Shakespeare, but it's not my bread and butter. It's not what fires me up about acting at all.A lot of the ingenue parts leave a lot to be desired, in my opinion.''' ,'''I love England. I don't want to move away from the place I grew up in.''' ,'''When you are the lead, you feel that if you mess it up the whole film can fall around you.''' ,'''I don't like water generally.''' ,'''I was obsessed with 'The Swish of the Curtain' by Pamela Brown when I was a child. It's about a group of kids who create their own Amateur Theatre company. I was already absolute in my decision to be an actor by this point, but if anything, it confirmed to me that I was on the right path.''' ,'''My first play was 'A Month in the Country' at the Chichester Festival Theatre.''' ,'''I had horrendous teeth. I had 10 years of orthodontist treatment, everything you can think of.''' ,'''The French are so phenomenally, casually chic!''' ,'''I haven't seen a lot of horror because I'm ridiculously sensitive and I get scared really easily.''' ,'''I like to do the whole gamut of emotions on stage - big crying, shouting, hair-pulling.''' ,'''Even if people pretend that they're OK with it, jealousy can eat people alive.''' ,'''I think most women are sitting on all this rage we've never been allowed to express. It's an emotion that I think that people find quite unattractive in women which is why you don't see it very often.''' ,'''The period characters I have played have all been these wonderfully forward-thinking women.''' ,'''You have to be able to hold up a mirror to your personality at drama school and recognise the flaws. That's hard to do as a 17-year-old. But it's easier to cope with when you're a little bit older.''' ,'''Because we have more women in power now, frankly we are less likely to go to war. It's not in our nature really.''' ,'''The energy that you expend making yourself look frightened and feeling frightened is just as hard as crying and shouting and all the other extremities of emotion.''' ,'''Why is it so unusual to see someone who's not a size eight on screen?''' ,'''I'd be happy just to do theatre work but it can't pay the bills.''' ,'''I read somewhere that it's scientifically proven that kids who read 'Harry Potter' grow up to be more well balanced and tolerant when they're older.''' ,'''Christopher Walken would make a bed time story pretty interesting I reckon.''' ,'''I'd always wanted to go to drama school.''' ,'''I definitely don't think I could be in an open relationship.''' ,'''My parents are actors as well, so I grew up around that world. It was always a very romantic, mythical world. They did a lot of theater, so to me an actor was getting to come backstage and dressing room mirrors with bulbs around them and trying on people's costumes. It was very exciting to me as a child.''' ,'''Sight by Jessie Greengrass was put up on Instagram by an acquaintance, so no one actually recommended it to me personally and yet it had a profound effect on me. The book deals with the conflicting emotions brought to the surface when you are deep in the throes of your 'child-bearing' years.''' ,'''People just need to go back to the ancient crafts. We should teach people to do whittling at school, or knitting.''' ,'''I have been very lucky, because I have quite an innocent face and a lot of people are looking for a character who is tough and yet soft and slightly girly. That's why they call me up.''' ,'''I tend to want to go quite big in my acting, which you just cannot do in front of a camera. It's taken me a while to learn how to pull it back.''' ,'''It's refreshing to tell a story from a woman's point of view which says it's normal not to want kids.''' ,'''I remember my parents were always around, and that was glorious, but as an adult and as an actor I look back now and see, no, they were at home for long stints because they were unemployed.''' ,'''2020 has been crap.''' ,'''I love the way Tina Fey and Amy Poehler made the first-ever feminist Golden Globes.''' ,'''I have quite a dry sense of humour. It comes out when I'm feeling nervous.''' ,'''My life plan was to get into drama school and become an actor, but it took me three years. I applied while I was still at school in my final year, and I didn't get in anywhere, so I took a job in a comedy club - not doing stand-up comedy, because that's my idea of hell, but in the office - and I went traveling.''' ,'''It's incredibly frustrating to constantly read scripts where you're the girlfriend who is there to further the man's storyline.''' ,'''I get told I have a 'period' face quite often. Maybe it's the pale skin but I get a lot of pre-Forties posh roles.''' ,'''I never had any ideas of this industry being a sparkly gift of a job where you go in and become a star.''' ,'''I admire anyone who takes risks, especially in a creative sense, and who doesn't play it safe. Those are the people who keep things moving forward.''' ,'''Women who are clever actresses have longevity because they're amazing actors, not because the camera loves them.''' ,]
+++