+++
author = "Jimmie Johnson"
title = "Jimmie Johnson Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Jimmie Johnson Quotes"
keywords = "jimmie johnson,jimmie johnson quotes,jimmie johnson quote,jimmie johnson sayings,jimmie johnson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''NASCAR fans are very knowledgeable and very passionate.''' ,'''I grew up on two wheels in the dirt.''' ,'''I've always wanted to get involved with designing a video game.''' ,'''I suck at golf and a variety of other things I go out and do with my friends.''' ,'''Driving will never be away from me - I can't just give it up. It's all I've ever done, and there's something about being in that car.''' ,'''I feel I'm entitled to my opinion, right or wrong.''' ,'''I really enjoy the football season.''' ,'''Very few athletes have the chance to be brought into the White House.''' ,'''I've met a handful of presidents, from Jimmy Carter to Bill Clinton to George Bush to Barack Obama.''' ,'''I grew up racing off-road trucks. They were on road courses with jumps. I made a name for myself in that style of racing.''' ,'''The competition in today's world of racing is so tough.''' ,'''I swam in high school.''' ,'''How do you say no when a little kid is asking you for ice cream? I know I can't say no to it myself.''' ,'''I didn't get into racing to make friends.''' ,'''The Daytona 500 is a career-winning race. It defines careers for drivers, crew members, crew chiefs and race teams. It has that power.''' ,'''My fans are always extremely loyal.''' ,'''I do find it amusing when somebody cuts me off, makes an aggressive move on me in a car. I'm like, 'Do you have any idea what I do for a living? Why?'''' ,'''The thing I love about off-road racing is the pride in how abusive it is.''' ,'''I own motorized bar stools.''' ,'''I lived in Wisconsin for a while, so I keep my eyes on the Packers. I grew up in San Diego, so there's the Chargers, but outside of that, I'm really kind of lame because I don't have a specific team I pull for.''' ,'''I've been very fortunate to dodge a nickname throughout my entire career. I've never had one.''' ,'''I don't need to break the speed limit. But if I'm not passing other vehicles on the interstate, I get a little irritated.''' ,'''I lift weights four times a week, usually run five days a week.''' ,'''There is no other way to start the season than to win the Daytona 500.''' ,'''Since I was kid, what's drawn me to racing is the feeling inside of me, the passion I have for the sport, the feeling I have while competing and doing what I do in a car, on a bike, whatever it's been.''' ,'''You watch guys live through their peaks, and then unfortunately, you've got to come down from that peak.''' ,'''I've always looked for my affirmation through my peers, the people I race against, and within my team.''' ,]
+++