+++
author = "Hayden Panettiere"
title = "Hayden Panettiere Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Hayden Panettiere Quotes"
keywords = "hayden panettiere,hayden panettiere quotes,hayden panettiere quote,hayden panettiere sayings,hayden panettiere saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like to dedicate myself wholeheartedly to a cause so that I have more impact. My goal is to shed light on the beauty of the ocean and how important it is for our planet.''' ,'''I don't have a model's body. But I'm not one of those crazy girls who thinks that they're fat. I'm okay with what I have. I can rock this body, you know?''' ,'''I actually had an experience where I thought somebody was breaking into my house. That's got to be the most terrified I've ever been in my life. I don't know if that's saying much. The fear, especially as a female in a house by yourself, was horrible.''' ,'''You go on these Internet blogs and people say the meanest things. I'm a normal person. Just because I'm in the spotlight doesn't mean I'm God's gift to the world. I'm learning and making mistakes just like every other 17-year-old girl out there.''' ,'''I've always described my taste in fashion and music as being very eclectic and uniquely based off my feelings that day. That's the wonderful thing about style. You can be whatever you want to be. You can describe yourself however you want to describe yourself.''' ,'''You just have this freedom when you're younger - this lack of concern to fail or do anything wrong. It comes with an ease that I've found has kind of deteriorated over time.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be a Meryl Streep or a Natalie Portman. I want to do all kinds of different movies, to be a chameleon. I don't want to limit myself.''' ,'''I remember reminding myself that beauty is an opinion, not a fact. And it has always made me feel better.''' ,'''I really had a rough time in middle school. Middle school to me was the way most people explain high school. Then in high school I had a blast. I basically did everything that you would do in high school or in college, so it really wasn't a difficult thing to pull out.''' ,'''The frustrating part of it is that you're generally known for what you did last. I've had the privilege of doing some very cool independent films that, a lot of the time, the general public doesn't see unless you're at a film festival or you're into that kind of movie.''' ,'''I find when I'm overly concerned about what I eat, I stress out my body and put on weight.''' ,'''Eating healthy is a constant battle. I love chips. I'm a huge pasta fan.''' ,'''I spend so much time with the brightest and most talented and well-rounded people. I've had the privilege of having long and very intellectual conversations with people, and sometimes I just sit there and listen. It's like a better version of a class. Even though I'm not sitting at a desk and in school, I'm still learning all the time.''' ,'''Every girl likes feeling hot and sexy and beautiful and likes hearing it.''' ,'''When I turned 18, was the first time that I really started concentrating on politics. And I started doing so because I realized that in order to really create and generate change, it has to come from changing laws... so I started campaigning for Norman Lear's foundation, which was Declare Yourself.''' ,'''I think at the age I'm at, it's really hard for a film career, and I'm at a point in my life where I thought it would be a good idea to be a part of a good show and to be able to finish school.''' ,'''I remember hearing in first grade, 'Oh, why does she get to skip school?' It wasn't like I suddenly started feeling different. I always knew that I was. I never felt I missed out.''' ,'''There is something about street dogs, about rescues; they have this knowing sense about them.''' ,'''The funny thing is that people see one film like 'Racing Stripes' or 'Ice Princess' and all of a sudden, slip me into this category of 'that's what she's always involved in.'''' ,'''I know it sounds absurd, but 11 months old, I did my first commercial.''' ,'''Some people ask me whether I'm a 'mama's girl' or a 'papa's girl.' I'm nobody's girl. My brother clings to our parents; I'm the one shoving them out the door.''' ,'''We commend President Obama and his administration for taking this strong action against Iceland and its barbaric whaling industry... and we urge the President to take similar action against Japan and Norway as well!''' ,'''When it comes to relationships, it's nice to have something that is your own and not everyone else's. That's not part of my job. I never stood up on a podium and said, 'Vote for me - I'm perfect. I'll be this for you and never do anything wrong.'''' ,'''I can be very dry and sarcastic.''' ,'''People can tell when you're happy with being you and when you're not. It's only cheesy because it's true. As I've gotten older and grown into my body, I've started realizing that the way you carry yourself and that light coming out of your eyes are the most attractive things about you.''' ,]
+++