+++
author = "Cecilia Bartoli"
title = "Cecilia Bartoli Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Cecilia Bartoli Quotes"
keywords = "cecilia bartoli,cecilia bartoli quotes,cecilia bartoli quote,cecilia bartoli sayings,cecilia bartoli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I did a concert... in September with the Berlin Philharmonic... They're great musicians, and there's always something to learn from them.''' ,'''The goal is always to make a nice tableau painting with the voice. The more color I can find, the more shadow I can find - the goal is always to make more nuance and colors.''' ,'''I still the love classic period, but also the baroque period, and even 17th-Century music such as the music of Monteverdi. He's one of the greatest opera composers. He was the one who really started the opera.''' ,'''We consider Monteverdi the first composer of opera. There was someone before, but everything started with Monteverdi.''' ,'''People realize that Salieri is not the man we saw in the Amadeus movie. That man had no talent. It was a great movie, but the Salieri character was a big fiction.''' ,'''So I like to make music, and I like to share music. This is also a gift.''' ,'''The songs of Bizet are by a French peer of Rossini. When Rossini stopped composing, he was living in Paris. He also wrote some beautiful songs in French.''' ,'''The first time I sang with David Daniels... I had never performed with a countertenor before. That first time was magic, it was so beautiful. And he's such a great artist.''' ,'''I am a person of the 18th century.''' ,'''It's nice to have a great female composer in the program and add her color.''' ,'''When I had my first voice lesson I was 15 years old. And I had a really good teacher. This is what made all the difference. A good teacher will teach you the technique, but also how to listen to your voice.''' ,'''German is more familiar now since I live part of the year in Rome and part in the German part of Switzerland. But it's not difficult to sing in German; it's difficult to feel in German. This takes time. It's a culture.''' ,'''Music is a way to dream together and go to another dimension.''' ,'''Arizona is gorgeous. The sunshine in Arizona is gorgeous red.''' ,'''Well, I don't think a specific role can destroy your voice. What can destroy your voice is when you... make an error. Everybody can make an error. But then you need to realize what is your way.''' ,'''It's like when you want to make a house... the technique is very important.''' ,'''I still love to walk in the mountains or be on the sea. I like to be in nature. Sometimes I bicycle. It's important to feel good with your body. The body is extremely important. If you feel good, you have more energy in your singing.''' ,'''I went to the Conservatory of Music in school in Rome.''' ,'''It's such a joy to work with different ensembles and create a collaboration. Rehearsing and building a performance is very interesting for me.''' ,'''I would still love to do more Handel. I think Handel was a fantastic composer. I did lots of Vivaldi, but it's also important to do the music of Handel, one of the greatest composers of the 18th century.''' ,'''Actually, I feel music becoming more and more important. It's a big source of inspiration. With what's going on in the world, we feel almost desperate. Music also brings you peace.''' ,'''It's a dream come true, and with this music, with this Rossini, it's unbelievable how to express the joy and express the joy of the situation and the joy to play this music, to sing this music, it's really fantastic.''' ,'''When you are accompanied by the instrument - on an instrument like the lute-the lute and voice - you have this sound, and you feel how the music can be so touching and yet so simple.''' ,'''The voice is an instrument that you really must take time to develop. It's like a good red wine Give it time.''' ,'''The media can be a really strong vehicle.''' ,'''Well, what I tried to do is to just listen to my voice, because my voice is my boss. She decides.''' ,'''The voice will guide you-will tell you what to do. In order to do that, you must be quite sensitive with the instrument and accept this daily conversation with your voice.''' ,'''I think, first of all, you need to love what you're doing, and then this helps in the comedian for its part in everything-but the moment you enjoy what you're doing, you try to express yourself, to find your way, and every time is different, of course.''' ,'''So you see, movies are really another dimension.''' ,'''The restaurants close here in Salzburg. They don't really have a nightlife in the winter time.''' ,]
+++