+++
author = "Mark Foster"
title = "Mark Foster Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mark Foster Quotes"
keywords = "mark foster,mark foster quotes,mark foster quote,mark foster sayings,mark foster saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Once I write something, I never try to write that same style again, because I get very schizophrenic musically.''' ,'''Music is the great equalizer.''' ,'''I love to honour people and to write positive songs about them.''' ,'''When you're underwater with goggles on, a couple of your senses are taken away, and it becomes this purely visual thing. It's just you and yourself.''' ,'''The phrase 'pumped up kicks,' man, I was excited when I came up with that.''' ,'''I write songs based on things I see in the culture around me.''' ,'''If I was 13 years old and Kurt Cobain tweeted me some advice or even just said hi, my whole world would be affected by that.''' ,'''Travelling alone was like laundry for my thoughts.''' ,'''I play guitar, bass, drums, piano, and pretty much any sort of stringed instrument - besides violin or cello.''' ,'''Our audience isn't One Direction, Katy Perry, Rihanna fans.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I use music to be able to communicate to people.''' ,'''When I was 21, I was in a pretty serious band, and we almost got signed - went to New York, showcased, all that - but didn't end up getting signed, and we broke up. I went back to the drawing board; I really took a hit from that whole experience.''' ,''''Supermodel' was a hard record for me; it was an emotional record to write. I was purging a lot of stuff with that album, and I think the one thing I didn't really consider, that I'd be supporting it for two years and living in that state of mind every night.''' ,'''Writing for other people is easier than writing for myself - it's not as personal.''' ,'''I wanted to be an attorney all the way up until I was 17.''' ,'''Art brings to life things that can seemingly be dead, and can put a fresh perspective on things that are living. It's so important we keep creating.''' ,'''I feel like kids are getting more and more used to communicating through a glass screen than they are face-to-face, and that worries me a little.''' ,'''I was rambunctious - a boy's boy, full of energy. I wasn't a bad kid. I just liked to talk.''' ,'''That's how life is: there are peaks and valleys in life, and that's how I like to write songs.''' ,'''Walking into the studio making 'Scared Hearts Club,' it was important for us as artists to write a joyful record, but using joy as a weapon because joy is the best weapon against oppression; it's the best weapon against depression.''' ,'''There's just really interesting facets of culture just swirling in Morocco. They all have slightly different colours, so it's just an inspiring place to be.''' ,'''Through technology and social media, we're able to create an identity online that shows people the face that we want them to see and rather than who they really are.''' ,'''I'm really into the recycling of art. That one piece of art inspires another piece of art, which inspires another piece of art. I really like that idea.''' ,'''I don't care if it's Dr. Dre or Dr. Luke or Brian Eno. When you're in a studio and making music together, it becomes pretty apparent if you see eye to eye.''' ,'''The jingles saved my life. When I got hired to do that, I was on top. I finally was making a living doing what I loved. Before that, it was so bleak; it got so dark in L.A. I was 25, been living there for seven years trying to make it, and getting really close to getting signed with different bands and as a solo artist only to have my hopes dashed.''' ,''''Torches' flowed together with interesting intros and outros. It was all very natural.''' ,'''I wrote 'Torches' before experiencing touring as a band. I really had no idea what they would sound like live, and that was something we had to figure out along the way.''' ,'''I've written hundreds of songs, and I tend to think that my instincts are pretty good when it comes to what people are going to like and what people aren't going to like.''' ,'''It's funny: the one time I got star-struck was when I met Snoop Dogg. I gave him a hug and said, 'I love you, man.'''' ,'''There are a few songwriters in bands I really relate to that write a certain type of joy, because a lot of artists don't really write joy. It's a thing only a few people do.''' ,'''Art is observing society around you, representing it through your eyes.''' ,'''I think that there's a difference between being an entertainer and being an artist.''' ,'''I think my inner child wants to take over the world.''' ,'''I was an only child, so I was alone a lot.''' ,'''If I'm with people who are really positive and go with the flow, that's when the best ideas come out for me.''' ,'''When I write a song, the music comes from my spirit, which is very playful and optimistic, but then the lyrics come from my head, which is in a different space.''' ,'''There's a lot of bands that blow up quickly, but then they die quickly. Longevity is the healthy thing; that's the pursuit.''' ,'''I was always extremely independent growing up.''' ,'''I've played so many gigs in front of around seven people. It's difficult to keep motivated, but it's all about growth. The love of music kept me going.''' ,'''I'm a really extreme person, and balance is probably the hardest thing for me to maintain.''' ,'''My aunts and uncles were like, 'You've got such a great voice - why don't you try out for 'American Idol?'' I'd say, 'Because I'm a songwriter, not a puppet.' Even if I won and became really successful off a show like that, I'd be miserable.''' ,'''One of the things with the second record, a word I held close to my chest was 'brave.' To take chances to go outside the box and explore. To continue to toss off any expectation that our fans or anyone else might have of us, to just tap into who I am as a writer and artist and really just operate within that freedom of creation.''' ,'''I'm not really worried about writer's block.''' ,''''Torches' opened a lot of doors. Ultimately, it turned into an experience to be reckoned with.''' ,'''There were times when I was terrified to go to school because it felt like a jail sentence.''' ,'''A timeless pop song is the hardest thing to do as a songwriter.''' ,'''We're not the corporation of Foster the People. We're a band.''' ,'''I write in character a lot.''' ,'''I experienced bullying a lot. I was an only child, and I was kind of a small kid with a big mouth, and so I always got myself in trouble.''' ,'''I think artists throughout the history of time have always been controversial and have been a voice to speak to public culture in a way that a politician can't because they'll lose their constituency.''' ,'''I had really bad grades in high school and didn't want to go to college, and my dad said, 'Why don't you move to L.A. or New York and pursue music? You've always been good at it.' It was the first thing that made sense to me and... It was the right move.''' ,'''One thing about Foster the People is that it's taking pieces of a lot of different genres of music and kind of melding them together.''' ,'''I wrote 'Don't Stop' just like I wrote 'Pumped Up Kicks' - I didn't try to make either a hit. I just wanted to write a song I liked.''' ,''''Pumped Up Kicks' is written from the perspective like Truman Capote wrote 'In Cold Blood' or Dostoevsky wrote 'Crime & Punishment.' It's psychologically breaking down someone's state of mind and diving in and walking in their shoes.''' ,'''I didn't want to be a soul singer.''' ,'''Arcade Fire has kept their indie cred. They will sell out stadiums yet still have underdog status. But when you're a band like Coldplay, people are waiting to knock you down.''' ,'''When I'm writing songs, my favourite thing to do is to try and rabbit-trail and go places I've never gone to before. Just like exploring a new terrain or a new country or something.''' ,'''Pressure has always been more of a friend than a foe for me with songwriting.''' ,'''I've written so many songs that are hopeful - songs that are, like, about an old man that gives all his possessions away because he wants to help people. I wrote 'Pumped Up Kicks' just to tell a different type of story.''' ,'''I love countermelodies, I love hooks and melodies that stick in your head. If I could put 20 melodies in a song and they would all work together, I would.''' ,'''It's the meanest thing to abuse your power as a songwriter. To write pointedly about someone... it's kind of unfair to use them. They can't answer you or have a rebuttal.''' ,'''I realized probably when I was, like, 20 years old that the hardest thing to do is to write a pop song - not, like, a candy-pop, throwaway pop song.''' ,'''We need to do a better job of loving each other beyond race, beyond belief, beyond our difference.''' ,'''Going out and volunteering sounds simple, but many people don't volunteer because they don't know where to start.''' ,'''I could have pigeonholed us and wrote a whole record like 'Pumped Up Kicks,' and we would have been this breezy, nostalgic West Coast Beach Boys recreation band. That's not the type of writer I am. Once I try one style, I move on.''' ,'''I like to write about real-life topics, and I like to write about different walks of life.''' ,'''I don't like to write the same song twice.''' ,'''I didn't record 'Pumped Up Kicks' out of a sense of moral obligation.''' ,'''I don't consider myself an entertainer. I consider myself an artist, and I think with that comes responsibility.''' ,'''I love exploring music.''' ,'''I feel like my calling is to show people joy: to make them feel like there's something to look forward to.''' ,'''When I started really playing music, I pretty much quit sports. I quit everything.''' ,'''I want to make music for everyone. I'm not trying to start a super exclusive group. I don't want a clique of people where you have to wear a certain type of clothes to come to our shows, or you have to be the ages of this and this.''' ,'''We've grown up on the Beach Boys and the Beatles and Blur and Bowie and the Clash. Also E.L.O. and Hall and Oates. Those are all artists who write songs that are accessible but still left of center. It's intelligent pop. There's still something different and complex about it.''' ,'''I look at bands like the Beach Boys, Hall & Oates and Blur, and those are the bands I want to be in company with because their songwriting is intelligent, and yet you don't need to be a musical genius to pick it up.''' ,'''I truly believe that love is greater than politics.''' ,'''In Cleveland, music was always a big part of my life. That's really where I cut my teeth.''' ,'''I feel like trying to write a song in order to be a big hit is just not something I'm interested in because it's not going to come from an authentic place of expression.''' ,'''People worship anyone in the entertainment industry. You can be a used-car salesman and have a television commercial on the local station, and that makes you a celebrity.''' ,'''Foster the People wouldn't exist without Mophonics.''' ,'''When I put Foster The People together, I just wanted to play music with friends.''' ,'''L.A. gives me a lot. L.A. is a city of extremes. People come here from all over the world that have these, like, giant ideas, and they put everything into it. And some people just fall flat on their face, and some people, you know, shoot like a rocket.''' ,'''In Morocco, a Muslim country, I got to hear the call to prayer five times a day. At first it felt kind of scary, kind of dangerous, because of the propaganda towards anything Muslim in the U.S. subconsciously coming out in me. By the end of the trip, it was so beautiful, and then not hearing it when I got back to L.A. really threw me off.''' ,'''I started out with piano when I was little. That, for songwriting, is my favorite instrument.''' ,'''I remember, in middle school, I went to four different schools. That was a rough patch. But it's also what shaped me as a person.''' ,'''We're not trying to be a mega-pop-band, but we also wouldn't be opposed to selling millions of records, either.''' ,'''I was afraid of the sophomore slump even before our first record came out. It was a very real fear because I'd watched so many bands I'd loved in the past not deliver. I knew it was a very real thing. I didn't know why it happens, but I'd been thinking about it a lot.''' ,'''I remember, when I heard Jeff Buckley's 'Grace,' on first listen I just thought it was such a great song.''' ,'''There are career waiters in Los Angeles, and they're making over $100,000 a year.''' ,'''With 'Torches,' I wanted to make a great pop record; I wanted every song to be exciting, not to have too much space, no long pieces of music without vocals. I kind of wanted to write the perfect pop album.''' ,'''I'm not in this to make money. I would not have sold my soul to be on 'American Idol.'''' ,'''During 'Torches,' I was more concerned with communicating the spirit of the song than the actual lyrics.''' ,'''Culturally, it's really funny to me that people respect the weird guy as an artist. There can be a curmudgeon in the corner with spiders building nests in his hair, and he hasn't bathed for three weeks, but for whatever reason, he's more creative than the guy sitting next to him that's showered and is talking to everybody.''' ,''''I Get Around' came on one day. I'd never heard the Beach Boys before. The sound was so fresh to me. That was the first time when I truly was gripped by the power of music. It opened my eyes to the heights that music can achieve.''' ,'''I'd rather be a poor singer/songwriter doing what I love than get rich from selling my soul.''' ,'''I worked odd jobs delivering pizza, folding chairs, telemarketing, selling kitchen cutlery door to door.''' ,'''Fear just crushes creativity, and if I let fear into the studio and into the songwriting, I was going to let it kill the artist inside of me.''' ,'''Mophonics is kind of a creative home for me.''' ,'''I wrote 'Pumped Up Kicks' when I began to read about the growing trend in teenage mental illness. I wanted to understand the psychology behind it because it was foreign to me.''' ,'''Every single song on 'Torches' was a little self-contained pop song, so there wasn't any fat on the songs; there wasn't a lot to cut.''' ,]
+++