+++
author = "Wink Martindale"
title = "Wink Martindale Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Wink Martindale Quotes"
keywords = "wink martindale,wink martindale quotes,wink martindale quote,wink martindale sayings,wink martindale saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You go to work, tape five shows in one day and then go home and play golf for the rest of the week and then start the week all over. I thought if something like that came along, I'd love to do that.''' ,'''Regis has a great rapport with the American public.''' ,'''The people at home don't care what your problems are. They just know that you're doing that show and you're supposed to do the best you can do. It's not a 9-5 type of job. I've considered myself very lucky to do that kind of work.''' ,'''I have a studio at home, and do 3 hours a day that way.''' ,'''I figure anything over 13 weeks in this business is pretty good.''' ,'''I have loved hosting over the years, simply because I love working with people. It's the perfect job.''' ,'''I've often talked about that, and I've been asked that a couple of times and my feeling are that if you have a good show, a bad host will not even hurt the show.''' ,'''When you look at Regis, he really and truly does feel for those people, and I feel like I've done it too. You're giving away somebody else's money so what do you care? It's not your money.''' ,'''So after being with somebody for any number of days like that, you can't help but feel for them. You can't help them, but you certainly can root for them.''' ,'''And then I did one called High Rollers and that was a lot of fun.''' ,'''Radio is immediate.''' ,'''I love doing what I do.''' ,]
+++