+++
author = "Seamus Dever"
title = "Seamus Dever Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Seamus Dever Quotes"
keywords = "seamus dever,seamus dever quotes,seamus dever quote,seamus dever sayings,seamus dever saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everyone talks about the elusive thing with chemistry. If you have a romance on screen or anything, the first thing you have to do is become friends with the person. It's not necessarily about falling in love.''' ,'''There is nothing like being on stage.''' ,'''I feel like Eurovision is a parallel dimension. It reminds me of 'Dance Fever' and 'Solid Gold' when I was a kid. Then when you hear these songs sung in English by someone who may or may not understand the words, the unique awesomeness hits you.''' ,'''My eyebrows - they have a life of their own. I don't arch them on purpose; I don't do, like, arching exercises or anything, I promise!''' ,'''I used to love stage above all, but that was when I was a single man. As I get older, the time commitment gets harder for theatre.''' ,'''My eyebrows - they have a life of their own. I don't arch them on purpose; I don't do, like, arching exercises or anything, I promise! I try to maintain a neutral mass, but they just sort of go with whatever the situation is!''' ,'''If you can't imagine female torch singers and Skrillex-style demon techno onstage at the same moment, you don't know Eurovision.''' ,'''My wife Juliana and I first saw Eurovision while on our honeymoon in Greece in 2006, and we were amazed by it. They basically recreate a music video onstage, and pyro cannons, LED video screens, background dancers, fireworks, costume changes, and wind machines are their tools.''' ,]
+++