+++
author = "Kevin Federline"
title = "Kevin Federline Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Kevin Federline Quotes"
keywords = "kevin federline,kevin federline quotes,kevin federline quote,kevin federline sayings,kevin federline saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm happy. I don't care what other people say or think. I'm happy. I'm blessed. I'm proud of my life, and that's it. That's all that matters.''' ,'''I'm learning what I gotta do to get people hyped up. It doesn't matter even if they're not dancing, as long as they're bobbing their head and as long as it looks like a mosh pit down there.''' ,'''You have to put your kids first no matter what; that's how I feel.''' ,'''The paparazzi and the press have given me a voice. No matter how I got the voice, it's there.''' ,'''If I was very high-strung, I probably would've knocked a few people out by now, and, you know, you would have seen a bad side of me that probably, hopefully, I'll never show.''' ,'''Co-parenting is going great with Britney. The schedule has been worked out over time, and we talk when we need to. It's always about the boys - mostly school stuff - and we make sure we stay on top of that. It's going great.''' ,'''Britney and I are on the same page. There are no grudges. We communicate on disciplining the kids, and if they're grounded here, they're grounded there. She's a completely different person - as the kids will tell you!''' ,'''I love being onstage, whether it's dancing or acting - there's just something about being onstage.''' ,'''The more I talk, the more I come out and people get to know who I am and what I'm about, it's only gonna help. And if you don't like me, hey, cool. Everything in life is 50/50. I accept the good and the bad and just move on.''' ,'''It's hard enough to be in a marriage and then have a kid, then kids: it changes everything.''' ,'''I've made a couple of comments about fame, and my kids are going to be put in - in, you know, working at Taco Bell when they're 16 so they know what a real job is like, and - and know what it's like to - to really earn money.''' ,'''I never thought that I would get married, but it wound up happening. That was a really, really happy, exciting moment.''' ,'''My ex Shar tried to hide me, but Britney was proud to be with me. I have so many great memories that outweigh the bad.''' ,'''Once you get depressed, you don't really feel like doing anything. You're kind of discouraged about yourself, and then the weight gain, too, or that makes me more depressed.''' ,'''You have to have an overall vision of how you want people to see you.''' ,'''Britney proposing to me on a plane three months after we met, and getting married two months later was just us living in the moment. I really thought I'd spend the rest of my life with her.''' ,'''Hey, I don't drink or go wild anymore, but I can still be the life of the party.''' ,'''I'm just going to be as honest as I can with my children and really try to build their character to be as strong as ours is.''' ,'''I'll always dance for fun, but for work? I've done it, dude.''' ,]
+++