+++
author = "Hrithik Roshan"
title = "Hrithik Roshan Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Hrithik Roshan Quotes"
keywords = "hrithik roshan,hrithik roshan quotes,hrithik roshan quote,hrithik roshan sayings,hrithik roshan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can't act, and so I have to live that particular character in my real life and then exhibit it on screen.''' ,'''I'm so curious about knowing the unknown; it can be scary, but I see it as a game.''' ,'''The world helps you to keep evolving and hope it's for better. You have to rise above all the tragedies in life. You have to grow, and if you stop growing, you are old.''' ,'''I have played a mentally challenged person, a quadriplegic - but blind, I realised, is the most difficult because eyes are the most involuntary muscles in our body. Like, our pupils and their dilations are involuntary.''' ,'''I am not a confrontational person. I have never had a fight in my life - neither with a man nor a girl.''' ,'''I take my time to get into the mindset of the character and say my lines. I really have to be the person that I am playing.''' ,'''People still get shocked when they see me eat a whole box of chocolates. I don't psyche myself out - I know how to balance my meals even when I am not on a strict diet.''' ,'''Love is not blind. Romance is. Romance is the most dangerous thing. Romance is like an illusion. It shows you things, and you hear things that don't exist.''' ,'''Fatherhood didn't just happen to me. I am deliberately living it, re-imagining it, and rediscovering it every day. It is as beautiful as I make it, just like anything else in life.''' ,'''Whatever you are inside, the good and bad will manifest in the outside world. It will come out in some way. It will come out in your work. It will come out in words. It will come out.''' ,'''I've never let myself give up, because I believe in myself. I want to get stronger than I have ever been, and I will continue to tell myself that I can do it, no matter what the odds.''' ,'''If a film is good, it will work no matter what.''' ,'''I don't consider myself a good actor.''' ,'''When my kids love my work, I feel elated and victorious; it means more to me than an Oscar. And when they are silent, I'm proud that they have a mind and perspective of their own and are courageous enough not to say things just to please me.''' ,'''I make the best Spanish omelettes in the world, but I won't tell you the recipe!''' ,'''After doing films like 'Krrish,' 'Bang Bang,' and 'Mohenjo Daro,' 'Kaabil' is one film where you can't lie at all. You can't be a hero. You have to be real. You have to be yourself. So that was a challenge.''' ,'''I have been elevated to such a high status that the fall will be very steep.''' ,'''Be patient. Patience is the mother of all virtues.''' ,'''If you have a MacBook Pro, there is no option to block people. Believe me: I hunted for this blocking option.''' ,'''It's not a prerequisite for an actor to be obsessed about his looks. I know there are people who don't look in the mirror at all, and I'm getting there.''' ,'''I can be the best James Bond there is.''' ,'''Life hits you hard. But it takes you three seconds to decide if you are a superhero or not. I am.''' ,'''I believe if you are not rediscovering yourself and pushing boundaries, then you are not alive.''' ,'''If I'm walking down the street, and if a person abuses me, the dignified thing to do is to keep walking, but if that person starts throwing stones into my home and affects the well-being of me and my family, then that silence is no longer strength; that silence becomes weakness.''' ,'''When truth is on your side, you don't need support.''' ,]
+++