+++
author = "Isaac Mizrahi"
title = "Isaac Mizrahi Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Isaac Mizrahi Quotes"
keywords = "isaac mizrahi,isaac mizrahi quotes,isaac mizrahi quote,isaac mizrahi sayings,isaac mizrahi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The reason people like to watch ball games is because they don't really know exactly what's going to happen from moment to moment. That's why you watch the entire thing.''' ,'''You listen to Handel operas, right? And there are a thousand of them, right? And they all sound alike. If I look back on my work, maybe it's the same thing.''' ,'''You know what makes me teary? Goya. Goya makes me cry.''' ,'''You don't necessarily live for the moment; you live for hope-what you're going to get, what you're going to say, what you're going to think.''' ,'''People say it's really the press who create those soundbites about fashion. That's what sells magazines and clothes.''' ,'''Either it works or it doesn't.''' ,'''Half the time I don't even think about it, I just throw something on because I'm so late or so busy.''' ,'''Mick Jagger, his face was very new. It became a sex symbol.''' ,'''I don't like people to feel completely described by the clothes they wear of mine. I want them to feel that they're describing themselves.''' ,'''The last thing I want to become is one of those talking heads where everything is satiny smooth and you know what the next question is going to be.''' ,'''I don't want to offend people.''' ,'''I'm not trying to be the next Joan Rivers.''' ,'''The more relaxed you can get, the better you'll do.''' ,'''That's one thing about fashion that you really shouldn't be-you can't be melancholy in fashion because people don't respond to it.''' ,'''I'd love to talk to Angelina Jolie. On my show I would love her because she's a mysterious, mysterious figure.''' ,'''You're not working with models, you're working with real women who have, like, anatomy. Models do not have anatomy.''' ,'''You know who a role model for me is? George Ballanchine.''' ,'''When someone says you can't do what you know you can do, then you can't do anything.''' ,'''If you try to have a fashion show with Bach fugues and John Coltrane, it doesn't really work.''' ,'''How do I do it? I don't know how I wouldn't do it - that's the thing.''' ,'''I'm so involved in melancholy.''' ,'''Sometimes I'm really dressed up, and it really turns me on.''' ,'''This is what I like about being a designer: You can't really get it until you see it.''' ,'''If I just do it, it will take less time than telling someone what I'm thinking, and have them free associate, and then come back to me and I'll hate it and I'll have to redo it.''' ,'''I'd love to talk to Joaquin Phoenix because he's a very private guy. Also, he's creating a new kind of sexy leading man. To me, his face is new and might be legendary someday.''' ,'''In Paris, it used to feel like you were living in a museum. As beautiful as it was, it's still limited. But here you have just everything.''' ,'''Even though I grew up as a Sephardic Jew in Brooklyn where we ate Syrian food and went to temple, it was still America.''' ,'''What if Woody Allen called me and said, I'm working on this movie and there's a really divine role for you. We want exactly you! It would be such a fantasy. Forget it! My idol, Woody Allen!''' ,'''All I want are high heels, high heels. If I was a girl, I'd wear a lot of high heels. High, stiletto heels.''' ,'''What you do, you don't think of as a product.''' ,'''Most of my life I was occupied with American television and American food. My ethnicity was my choice. It still is.''' ,'''Just when I think I hate fashion, I hate clothes, I'm seized by this crazy thing that I have to do. I have this little studio now where I just draw. I can be in the room for three days and not even look up.''' ,'''When people ask, Do you like children? I always say, I like some children, yes. Some children I don't like.''' ,'''I have a lot of obligations.''' ,'''Everyone asks, Will he make it, will she make it? You never make it.''' ,]
+++