+++
author = "Mark Hunt"
title = "Mark Hunt Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mark Hunt Quotes"
keywords = "mark hunt,mark hunt quotes,mark hunt quote,mark hunt sayings,mark hunt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Anyone who knows me knows how sharp my mind is. I speak at a thousand miles an hour. I'll hold a discussion or a debate with anyone.''' ,'''It's not that I don't enjoy fighting. I don't enjoy the circumstances around fighting.''' ,'''I've been training jiu-jitsu for a while. It just didn't really click in my brain. Maybe sometimes I get a bit lazy. By the time I realize I'm in trouble, I'm already caught. You can't really think about it. You've got to just react as it happens.''' ,'''I've fought the best in the world.''' ,'''Your mind is the most powerful weapon you have.''' ,'''All the guys at this top level, they're pretty much dangerous all over the place. If you're not good all over the place, you'll be in a little bit of trouble. It's hard to swim at the top end if you're only good at one thing.''' ,'''I don't turn down fights unless I'm injured. Never have. So it's a part of my makeup.''' ,'''Every fight is different.''' ,'''It's always discouraging to lose. You look at it and think, 'Man, what's going on?' It's always discouraging. But I'm a fighter. I don't like to quit.''' ,'''Part of my gift as a fighter is being a human punching bag.''' ,'''At the end of the day, that's just boxing - it's a different sport altogether. But when I finish fighting for the UFC, there are so many different options I have. Boxing is another option I could take.''' ,'''Coming from a standing background in striking, I couldn't catch up to the guys with 20-plus years of training on the ground. I had to learn submissions. I found out it wasn't an easy road. I had six losses in a row, but I still felt I was the best fighter in the world.''' ,'''Everyone wants to be UFC champion, and that's my goal and my dream.''' ,'''My memory is not that good anymore.''' ,'''My old man was ruthless. He terrorised us.''' ,'''I was K-1 world champion.''' ,'''Knowing and assuming are two different things.''' ,'''I've been the best fighter in the world at kickboxing - they can't take that away from me - but when I started in MMA, I realized how great this sport is. It's the ultimate combat sport, and that's why I want to be the world's best at it.''' ,'''You've got Jon Jones, for instance. That guy is the best, one of the best fighters in the world, but he's a cheater.''' ,'''I'd like to fight and get close to that title shot - that's all I'm interested in. My whole purpose is to fight for the world title.''' ,'''I'm never confident about anything, especially with law.''' ,'''I'm knocking fools out. I'm beating guys because that's what I was born to do.''' ,'''If I get the boot out of the UFC, I'll still continue to fight.''' ,'''There is nothing wrong with my health. Who doesn't forget things from time-to-time? Who out there has never stuttered or slurred a word at some point?''' ,'''All I've ever said I need is an opportunity. Give me a chance, and I'll take it with both hands and run with it.''' ,'''At the end of the day, none of us are really promised tomorrow anyway.''' ,'''I'm always down for a battle. I was born down.''' ,'''I don't ask to fight anybody. All I ask is to fight the best fighters in the world.''' ,'''I feel blessed by God.''' ,'''Normally, a loss, it's hard to swallow, but you get over it sooner or later.''' ,'''I've had a pretty chequered past, you know, as a kid, as a troubled kid.''' ,'''I never lose a rematch.''' ,'''Every loss I take, I've accepted, and I move on.''' ,'''A loss is just a loss. You get up again, dust yourself off, go at it again regardless of the circumstances. That's the way I look at it.''' ,'''A few months before my dad died, his eyes had started to go, and his skin was turning green. When he finally went to hospital, he was diagnosed with late-stage pancreatic cancer. None of us kids knew why the old man ignored the doctors and refused their help, but none of us were surprised, either.''' ,'''It's the fight game, and everyone loses. You win some, you lose some. You just try to get back up on the horse.''' ,'''I got injuries already from fighting from guys that have been cheating. And you're never the same when you get injured like that. I mean, look at my hand. It's broken, it's got 16 screws in it. I'm not as strong in this hand. It just affects you, especially this body being my livelihood.''' ,'''Home was never a safe place for me. I felt safer on the streets.''' ,'''I've built a career in one of the toughest, most ruthless industries in the world. You can't do that unless you're completely with it.''' ,'''It's a dream of mine to be a mixed martial arts world champion.''' ,'''What my thing is, I tell most of the time the truth, and sometimes it's good for me, sometimes it's bad. But, it's true.''' ,'''I'm a professional; I've got to be on weight all the time. There's not excuses for that.''' ,'''I do watch some of my losses, but it just makes me think, 'Well, you know, should have done this; could have done that.' But that's why I don't like watching it. It's a shoulda/coulda/woulda thing.''' ,'''Everyone's a world class ground fighter until they get a punch to the face.''' ,'''You back me into a corner, I'm not going to lay down and die. I've been down that road too many years in my life.''' ,'''I'd be champ already if it wasn't for the cheaters.''' ,'''The whole reason I fight is for my family. Everything I do is for them.''' ,'''In the end, I think everyone should be treated fairly.''' ,'''I never turned down any fight. I'm always up for the opportunity.''' ,'''I've got my dreams. I want to be the best fighter on the planet.''' ,'''They can be King Kong, Godzilla, or whatever - I don't care what they have. Once you get a punch in the face or a knee in the head, all of those skills are gone.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I'm one of the greatest fighters on the planet.''' ,'''I was a cheap criminal; I did many, many wrongs. I admit that. Of course, if I could tell each person I'm sorry, I would.''' ,'''Most of the neighbours didn't like our parents, and they particularly gave Dad a very wide berth. We kids didn't have that luxury.''' ,'''Sometimes I don't sleep well.''' ,'''Every fight could be my last.''' ,'''I'm always going to say I'm going to knock someone out.''' ,'''My whole career's been an underdog's.''' ,'''It's not my decision, what goes on with who gets a title shot. I mean, some people get their shots in two or three fights. They're pretty lucky. I wish I could be like them.''' ,'''I love fighting.''' ,'''I love rematches.''' ,'''I don't want to be remembered as just some tough guy who could take punches.''' ,'''Whenever I start something, I try to finish it.''' ,'''I always remember my dad's blue overalls and the blue overcoat he wore in winter, and I remember my mum's big old Afro. Sometimes, though, in my memories, smudges have replaced their faces.''' ,'''I'm always going to be a New Zealand fighter. I'm a Kiwi, of course, and I've still got my New Zealand passport.''' ,'''My brain is fine.''' ,'''I never wanted to be a fighter. This is what God said I'm going to do, and I'm happy with that.''' ,'''I was in jail a couple of times, and I was probably heading back there for a long time. But martial arts saved my life and some of the choices I made with it.''' ,'''Knocking someone out cold means you just caught them, that's all.''' ,'''I used to make $300 a week, struggling to put food on the table, but I have become one of the highest-paid fighters in the world. I feel that's destiny.''' ,'''My hands aren't even that big.''' ,'''That first loss in the UFC was a tough one. I hadn't fought in a year, and you start again, different organisation, different scenario, and it all plays into it.''' ,'''Yes, I was a bully. But the scrapping on the streets was my way of dealing with the anger I felt towards my parents.''' ,'''I've done it my whole life: as a kid, when people made fun of you, I put positive stuff in there to keep me going.''' ,'''I'm not gonna waste my money watching two cheaters fight. Why would I? They're cheaters, in the end. That's basically all they are. They should get nothing.''' ,'''I'd fight any of the top guys.''' ,'''You can hear me starting to stutter and slur my words.''' ,'''I'm not going to underestimate any fighter.''' ,'''There was a lot of pride, being one of the elite fighters in the world, in the best promotion in the world. That's what I was proud of. To be called a UFC fighter, that was important.''' ,'''There should be no tolerance for cheaters, especially in fighting.''' ,'''Mentally, I could fight forever. I feel I'm the best fighter on the planet. My mind says I can fight forever, but physically, I won't be able to do it.''' ,'''If you want to be the champ, you've got to beat the champ.''' ,'''I don't feel pain like most people.''' ,'''I'm not a liar. I'm a pretty straight up person.''' ,'''I've been fighting since I was a child, fighting to get out of my circumstances.''' ,'''There is nothing wrong with fighting, but when you're fighting an uphill battle on an uneven playing field, that's what I don't like.''' ,'''I've still got my senses about me, and I know what's right and wrong, which is the main thing.''' ,'''When I'm fighting, I'm trying to find a reaction. I try to make the guy move; I try to make him do things that I want him to do. If he likes moving a certain way, I try to set something up so I catch him if he moves that way.''' ,'''I've been given a platform with the UFC, so I might as well share my story.''' ,'''Cheating is nothing to be proud of.''' ,'''Fighting has been a part of my life for my entire existence.''' ,'''I couldn't believe that talk about Jon Jones fighting Lesnar - that would have zero legitimacy. In society, we punish people that do bad things. Why isn't it the same in fighting?''' ,'''I have, like, 12 screws in my hand.''' ,'''You don't learn anything from quick knockouts. I learn more about myself from hard fights.''' ,'''I won the world title in K-1 as a nobody.''' ,'''For me, with fighting, I'm not going to have any regrets. I'm throwing down to the very end.''' ,'''People always say its an aggressive and bad sport and just like street fighting, but it's not the same thing. You go into work at the gym every day, and it takes away from being an aggressive person in public. You're training every day, and you're losing that aggression for the public.''' ,'''I eat too much.''' ,'''My sister is strong.''' ,'''If you don't like to be hit, you're in the wrong sport.''' ,]
+++