+++
author = "Hima Das"
title = "Hima Das Quotes"
quotes_len = "81"
description = "the best 81 Hima Das Quotes"
keywords = "hima das,hima das quotes,hima das quote,hima das sayings,hima das saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When brands advertise with sports players, it inspires people to be part of and play sport.''' ,'''I was naughty but never demanding. I never asked my parents for shoes or tracksuits. I was happy with what I had.''' ,'''Everything happens at one step at a time.''' ,'''I wanted to play football and wear the Indian jersey, but there was no women's football team.''' ,'''I am fortunate to be on board with one of India's top sports management group.''' ,'''I used to play everything, but people in my village said football is in my blood because my father has been a footballer.''' ,'''I am hurt that some people criticise very harshly without even realising the hardships which we go through.''' ,'''If you ask me, everything... every event that takes place changes your life.''' ,'''The biggest challenge of my career has always been to improve my timing, and it will always be so.''' ,'''People expect a lot for me now, and I will achieve that.''' ,'''Forget the past, and ask me what's next.''' ,'''My paternal uncle and aunt have jobs, and they are the ones who feed the family with a regular income.''' ,'''I only think of my practice and running as fast as I can.''' ,'''We usually have a fixed routine for our trainings. It is important that we are disciplined throughout because, being athletes, those little things impact our performances on the field.''' ,'''My only aim is to clock a time that everyone remembers.''' ,'''Good athletes will be there at good competitions, but I don't think about them; I just think of bettering my own time.''' ,'''I didn't expect I will get the Arjuna at 18 years. I thought 19.''' ,'''I am not running after gold medals; I am running after time. And once I get that, gold medals will run after me.''' ,'''Everyone needs to support AFI. Since they are doing an excellent job, we need to reach greater heights.''' ,'''I want to thank my parents and my coaches, who brought me out of Guwahati.''' ,'''The sport is my first priority because it has given me everything.''' ,'''Bringing a medal for the country is the biggest achievement, and that is why I am very happy.''' ,'''Let's just say my mind is different.''' ,'''Besides my father, who used to be a footballer at the local level, it is Messi for whom I started to play football.''' ,'''I want for every child - regardless of their background, gender, caste, etc. - to be able to access schools that are safe and supportive so that they can learn and thrive.''' ,'''The ultimate dream of an athlete is to compete in the Olympics. For us athletes, that is the zenith. There is nothing beyond that.''' ,'''I know my family's condition and how we struggled. But the Almighty has something for everybody.''' ,'''I used to run barefoot in my village some time back. Now, I have a branded shoe with my name on it.''' ,'''When I was in Class II, we used to walk about 5 km. to school. I did not know of Olympics or even athletics then. One day, a friend went in a car and left me behind. I was so angry, I wanted to run and outrace the car. I ran so fast that I tripped and fractured my knee.''' ,'''Whatever the rules are, we have to follow them. I have no problem with it.''' ,'''I am a low-key girl from a middle-class family of a small village.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel I don't know even know how to run.''' ,'''I used to wake up at 5 A.M., and my routine involved six hours of training, both in the morning and evening.''' ,'''I don't think about being a star or anything, or even changes in life; it is not something that bothers me.''' ,'''I don't show tension and nervousness, but I know how fast my heartbeat races before a race.''' ,'''I have the love and blessings of Indians and my family and I have faith in my own hard work and training. That is all I need.''' ,'''I don't think about medals. I just think of bettering my own time.''' ,'''I don't think I even understand the full meaning of athletics.''' ,'''I am not a star.''' ,'''A player needs recovery time, and it isn't possible to recover from one race in an hour.''' ,'''I thrive in competition. It feels good to improve timings and create records.''' ,'''We are human beings, at the end of the day. Success and failure are a part and parcel of our life.''' ,'''The first 300 m., I go slow and pick up speed at the bend. That's Hima's style.''' ,'''My English isn't that good, maybe just 40 per cent fine by normal standards.''' ,'''I haven't changed, but people's perception changed.''' ,'''I want to run as fast as I can.''' ,'''My father was a footballer, and he has inspired me.''' ,'''Nothing concerns me other than my time. That is my only concern. I don't pay any attention to the rest. I run after time. If that improves, the gold, silver, etc. will follow.''' ,'''I don't worry about timings or what somebody else is doing in another lane.''' ,'''If you want to achieve something great, you have to work hard for it. It is as simple as that.''' ,'''It is a great feeling that I am the first Indian to win a gold medal in track event in world juniors.''' ,'''Even Sachin used to get ducks during his career. There are ups and downs in every athlete's career.''' ,'''Wherever they send us to practice, we will go.''' ,'''My attitude is different. And no one understands me the way my friends do.''' ,'''I'm not comparing it with cricketers who get huge money. But getting some financial benefits do motivate players, especially athletes. I appreciate this move by the state government. A state like Haryana has been producing more and more players because of such motivations.''' ,'''My biggest support and backbone have been my friends.''' ,'''I love Messi. I also derive inspiration from the god of cricket, Sachin Tendulkar.''' ,'''I don't care how my past was or what I had to go through.''' ,'''What I think is about running faster and faster, and I believe that will translate into medals.''' ,'''I believe in time and in God. Nothing else bothers me.''' ,'''I am still the same village girl from Dhing who used to help my father in the paddy field, help mother in household chores, run for hours on the streets of Dhing, play football with my Mon Jai group friends.''' ,'''I am a positive person, and I want to look ahead in life and do something for my parents and the country.''' ,'''That's probably the only thing I am afraid of: time.''' ,'''My focus is on training and championships. I will look at business after retirement... maybe 20 years later.''' ,'''There are people who want photographs and autographs when they meet me.''' ,'''When there's training, I will focus only on training.''' ,'''Whatever you do, do it from your heart. It won't happen just by sitting at home.''' ,'''Everybody has difficulties in life. But if you have to win something for the country, you have to struggle.''' ,'''I hope I will get a chance to compete in the Olympics.''' ,'''Hima is Hima only. I haven't changed.''' ,'''I am living a dream.''' ,'''People have now started recognizing me as well as my family.''' ,'''The pressure has increased; I have to practise more and keep performing better.''' ,'''I just know how to run, and that is what I do.''' ,'''For every athlete, Olympics is the target, but mine is a little different. I am focusing on improving my timing; that's what I think about.''' ,'''My role model was Sachin Tendulkar as a kid. I feel very proud that I have been able to follow his footsteps and become a UNICEF ambassador like him.''' ,'''I have made my schedule in such a way that whenever I am getting time from studies, I do my training.''' ,'''Our village is very small, so I wasn't surprised when I heard some negative comments from my neighbours on my interest in sports. But nothing mattered, as I always knew what I was doing and why I was doing it.''' ,'''I don't fear anything.''' ,'''I am not sure how fast I can run.''' ,'''I live in a joint family with 17 members under one roof. My father is an MA, but he didn't get a job, because all his certificates got destroyed when our house caught fire. So my father took up farming - fish farming and vegetable farming.''' ,]
+++