+++
author = "Thomas Sadoski"
title = "Thomas Sadoski Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Thomas Sadoski Quotes"
keywords = "thomas sadoski,thomas sadoski quotes,thomas sadoski quote,thomas sadoski sayings,thomas sadoski saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can't imagine my life without doing theater.''' ,'''I start looking for adjectives in news reporting, and if there are too many of them, if they're all sort of repeatedly designed to influence my thinking in a certain way, I start getting concerned. I'm leery of people trying to paint a picture in a certain way.''' ,'''I hit the trifecta on 'Law & Order': I did the original recipe, extra crispy and the Colonel's special.''' ,'''I grew up a huge fan of The Three Stooges and Monty Python, so somebody getting slapped in the face with a fish, or falling out of a chair, or running into a door, or tripping over their own feet and eating it, is all stuff I find really, really funny.''' ,'''I'm a walking advertisement for PBS and for the Discovery Channel. All of my DVR settings are pretty much set to record anything that's on the Discovery Channel. I'm a big fan of 'MythBusters' and 'Deadliest Catch,' and I'm constantly watching 'Moyers & Company' and the 'NewsHour' and 'Antiques Roadshow.'''' ,'''I'm a theater guy at heart; I love the theater. I was lucky enough to spend a good decade and a half in the New York theater community.''' ,'''Working on 'Newsroom' has given me an appreciation of the struggle that you go through on the 24-hour news cycle. The people who are legitimately attempting to deliver honest news are really facing a tough, uphill climb that's a lot harder than any other time in history.''' ,'''The one thing I'm very aware of is I've never been particularly good at relationships.''' ,'''Criticism is something that you have to take, regardless of what you do. Even if you go out there and try to make the most vanilla, non-offensive TV show possible, people are going to criticize you for doing that. It's just part of the game.''' ,'''I have a Twitter account. I own my name, but I've never tweeted.''' ,]
+++