+++
author = "Gennifer Flowers"
title = "Gennifer Flowers Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Gennifer Flowers Quotes"
keywords = "gennifer flowers,gennifer flowers quotes,gennifer flowers quote,gennifer flowers sayings,gennifer flowers saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a married woman. I love my husband; I have a good life.''' ,'''I feel like I have a Ph.D. in life, I'm a survivor. I've not only survived, I've thrived.''' ,'''On several occasions, I discussed with Bill Clinton the subject of inquiries by the media about our relationship. He told me to continue to deny our relationship, that if we would stick together, everything would be okay.''' ,'''I don't know Bill Clinton as someone who needs to literally sexually harass a woman. I'm sure that he could have found many willing participants.''' ,'''People used to ask me: 'Well, was it the power that attracted you to Bill Clinton?' And I said, well, how much power do you think the attorney general of Arkansas has? Of course not. It wasn't that for me. I just a thought he was wonderful in general.''' ,'''I don't have any interest whatsoever in getting back out there and bashing Hillary Clinton.''' ,'''I'm a sexually liberated woman that earned that liberation. I am very proud of the fact that I feel comfortable in certain forums discussing sex.''' ,'''I have never lied about my relationship with Bill Clinton. The only proven liar, at this point, and the only admitted liar, is Bill Clinton; not Gennifer Flowers, not Kathleen Willey, not Paula Jones and not Monica Lewinsky, at this point. He is the only proven liar.''' ,'''My advice to Hillary would be to divorce that chump.''' ,'''I met Bill Clinton in 1977 while I was working as a news reporter for KARK-TV in Little Rock, Arkansas. Shortly after we met, we began a sexual relationship that lasted for twelve years.''' ,'''Let me tell you this, if I had wanted to have a library of audio and videotapes of Bill Clinton, I could have had that. And after I was accused of being a liar, I wished that I had of.''' ,'''I think that Bill and Hillary Clinton have a very special relationship and I think in very many ways to them it's a very satisfying relationship. I think that it's a mutual respect with a goal of power to achieve, maintain power. And I think that they have been good partners in that.''' ,'''I don't think Bill is a role model for anyone.''' ,'''I've always believed everything was about protecting the Clinton power structure and anyone would be sacrificed who got in the way of that.''' ,'''I've had a face-lift. I've had my eyes done; liposuction; the nose job - well, that was a long time ago.''' ,]
+++