+++
author = "Eusebio"
title = "Eusebio Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Eusebio Quotes"
keywords = "eusebio,eusebio quotes,eusebio quote,eusebio sayings,eusebio saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''After Benfica, Manchester is very close to my heart.''' ,'''When we played Real Madrid and won 5-3 it was soaking wet and the ball ended up weighing a kilo. It didn't have a brand. Consider the boots; there was no personalised footwear. Back then we made money, but we played for the love, it was all heart.''' ,'''I never played against Lichtenstein or Azerbaijan.''' ,'''Whenever I went to England I always see the man inside George Best. I knew that George - not the famous person with his troubles on the outside.''' ,'''Children are our future.''' ,'''I have many good 'souvenirs.' I remember when I was 19 and we beat Madrid 5-3 and I won my first European Cup. Also, in 1965, when I won the Golden Ball for the best player in Europe.''' ,'''I am a happy man. I am no longer out on the pitch but I still live in the football world.''' ,'''All of the successes achieved throughout my career and contacts with the fans have made me aware of my responsibility to act as an example in the world of football.''' ,'''I'm from Mozambique.''' ,'''Some people aren't honest, but me and my family are.''' ,'''Even away from the pitch, I commit every day of my life to promoting the greatest sport on earth.''' ,'''I'm proud to say I've done something for the good of football. I don't compare myself to anyone.''' ,'''If I hadn't left Mozambique, my football career would have died.''' ,'''There was one player who was better than Pele. It was Garrincha. He had one leg crooked, the other one straight, normal. How did he do all those things with such difficulties? He was a paralytic! And the way he played! Much better than us all!''' ,'''I will always defend 1960s football.''' ,'''Not many people know this but my team in England is Manchester United. Bobby Charlton, Denis Law, George Best, all great players. We created a bond when we played each other and I still speak to Bob from time to time, though I can't get used to calling him 'Sir Bobby.'''' ,'''When I was 15, Juventus of Italy, wanted to hire me because one of their scouts, who had been a famous Italian goalkeeper for them, saw me and told them that there was a boy with a potential, that it would be good to take advantage while I was still unknown. Juventus proposed but my mum never wanted to hear anything from anyone.''' ,'''I think 1GOAL is so important. I'm proud that we could make education for all the legacy of Africa's first World Cup.''' ,'''Benfica against Manchester United is very special for me. Benfica is my real club but Manchester United is my English club. We are together in history.''' ,'''When my colleagues were back at home eating I'd still be practising and Ronaldo is the same, a real hard worker. I'm not a Barcelona fan but I very much admire Lionel Messi. I haven't seen him train. I know Ronaldo a lot better.''' ,'''I'd visited South Africa even before I started playing for Portugal, because I used to come here with my brother when I was still a kid.''' ,'''Mourinho knows me! He sat in my lap as a little boy, and wanted his photograph taken with me. I knew his father and so I bounced little Jose on my knee. He always looked up to me.''' ,'''My time at Monterrey was phenomenal, fantastic. It was an experience that was magnificent from the start due to the way people received me.''' ,'''Ronaldo has nothing to prove to anyone, he has proved his talent by being the top scorer in England. He has proved it by winning the Premier League, by winning the Champions League, with Manchester United.''' ,'''The 1966 World Cup was the high point of my career. We may have lost the semi-final, but Portuguese football was a big winner.''' ,'''I was the best player in the world, top scorer in the world and Europe.''' ,'''Football hasn't got better, it has just evolved, from the ball to the boots to the shirts to the training methods - everything around them.''' ,'''Shearer is the best English striker of his generation and yes, one of the best there has ever been.''' ,'''I'm happy for the modern-day player who signs his contract and makes lots of money. The players of my era helped make that possible.''' ,'''I did everything, except win a World Cup.''' ,'''I'm a footballer, not a pundit.''' ,'''Football is a universal language.''' ,]
+++