+++
author = "Tiffany Dupont"
title = "Tiffany Dupont Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Tiffany Dupont Quotes"
keywords = "tiffany dupont,tiffany dupont quotes,tiffany dupont quote,tiffany dupont sayings,tiffany dupont saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My mom is from Europe, so we always grew up eating organic foods and working out and keeping in good shape, sleeping eight hours a night and drinking lots of water.''' ,'''I always play the sweet girl next door.''' ,'''Is Paris Hilton even an actress? I'm thinking no.''' ,'''I've been told a million times that I should do a Pantene ProV commercial because my hair is really shiny and long and healthy and I have a lot of it.''' ,'''I go to a Calvary Chapel church out here in Los Angeles. I had been here about two years at the time. I'm very close with my church, very close with the pastor and his wife, and I work with a girls' ministry here.''' ,'''I am a very active person. I have a lot of energy, and I love to be doing something physical all the time.''' ,'''I don't have TiVo, and I actually don't watch a lot of TV, honestly.''' ,'''I really love Penelope Cruz, because she has the tan skin. I think it's important to look at people who resemble you and see what looks good on them, and how they are doing their makeup or hair and how they carry themselves.''' ,'''I don't leave my house - I don't care if it's raining or scorching hot out - without a face cream with a minimum of SPF 15, if not more.''' ,'''I don't know if it's shocking, but I'm the world's biggest klutz. I have been dancing since I was 3, and I have modeled, and I have good balance, but you wouldn't know it. Hanging out with me, I do everything from spill food on myself to trip up stairs. I'm the queen of that, most definitely.''' ,]
+++