+++
author = "Franck Ribery"
title = "Franck Ribery Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Franck Ribery Quotes"
keywords = "franck ribery,franck ribery quotes,franck ribery quote,franck ribery sayings,franck ribery saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To be honest, I have no idea what happens after my career.''' ,'''I think every club in the world would like to have David Alaba.''' ,'''Ancelotti is a champion, in all respects.''' ,'''In 2008 or 2009, every big club wanted me: Juventus, Inter, Milan, Barca, Real, Chelsea, Manchester.''' ,'''I think everyone knows I'm better on the left side.''' ,'''You know that I played football because of the fun and to enjoy it.''' ,'''It's always been that opponents get down to business against Bayern specifically because they want to show how desperate they are to defeat the champions.''' ,'''I want to win as many titles as possible with Bayern Munich.''' ,'''My son Saif was born here, he may even one day play for Germany.''' ,'''For me, Munich is more than just a second home. I can imagine staying forever.''' ,'''I just want to play for a competitive team that will offer me the best possible opportunity to win titles.''' ,'''I'll never cheat.''' ,'''I've experienced so many emotions with Bayern.''' ,'''The Bayern jersey means so much to me.''' ,'''One day I'll know what it's like to be a manager.''' ,'''This is my face, it is the one people know me to be. I am happy with my face. Why shouldn't I be happy?''' ,'''I always play with character.''' ,'''I am very motivated, I always want to play.''' ,'''There is Messi, and then the rest.''' ,'''I am well aware of it myself that I have to be careful. But I want to make it clear that I am not a dirty player.''' ,'''I listen to my emotions. That's why I react once I get provoked sometimes.''' ,'''Lionel Messi, without hesitation! I'd love to play with him and Xavi.''' ,'''I love playing for France and I feel pride every time I am called up for the team.''' ,'''When I'm on the pitch I always give everything for my team.''' ,'''The scars in my face are the source of my strength.''' ,'''When the locker room needing shaking up, I did it. I remained myself, a leader, until the end.''' ,'''Obviously, there are many clubs that make me dream, like Real Madrid or Barcelona.''' ,'''I could play for another club in Europe but my heart is beating too much for Bayern. But I could imagine going to the U.S., Qatar or Dubai for a new experience.''' ,'''If you play well, then you make yourself a great name and the money comes on its own. You earn money for what you did.''' ,'''It's true - ever since I was born, I've been through some tough situations. But that's what has given me the strength and the drive to succeed.''' ,'''I am dreaming of winning the treble again. I will never forget how I felt after winning it in 2012-13. It was like we were flying. It's a great feeling, it's utter madness. I definitely want to have that feeling again at some stage of my career.''' ,'''The whole treble year under Jupp Heynckes was incredible.''' ,'''Everyone knows that I had a lot of good coaches but one person was very important: Jupp Heynckes.''' ,'''I'll always have a winning mentality in me, and I want to transmit that. I equally feel what the players are feeling and I know them as men.''' ,'''I am very happy in Munich and my family is totally settled - and now I have a son who is a genuine Bavarian.''' ,'''I've just got better as a player thanks to Pep.''' ,'''It is no secret that Louis van Gaal and I did not get along. But for me personally, the matter is closed and forgotten.''' ,'''I know there are not a lot of players with my quality in this world.''' ,'''Serie A is a great tournament with many excellent players.''' ,'''I never said I wanted to move to Real Madrid. If I did, I would have said so publicly.''' ,'''I hope to continue playing until the age of 40, just like Francesco Totti.''' ,'''In Europe, Bayern is my last club - 100 per cent.''' ,'''I want to give something new to this club, I want to bring Fiorentina into the top three of the table.''' ,'''I am emotional, but that's not a negative.''' ,'''I feel very comfortable in Munich and my family is doing well.''' ,'''My 100th goal is good for me personally but above all, the team is very important.''' ,'''I really want to lift the Champions League trophy one day.''' ,'''I do not just play for money.''' ,'''Guardiola knows that the little details that can make us better. He analyses the game instantly - that's his biggest strength, his best characteristic.''' ,'''Bayern offers the young guys a huge opportunity.''' ,'''I like to create a good atmosphere in the dressing room.''' ,'''People would say: 'Look what he has on his face, look at his head. What is this scar? It's so ugly.' Wherever I went, people would look at me. And not because I was a good person or because my name is Franck or was a good footballer, but because of the scar.''' ,'''In truth, there is nobody who will be able to play like Zidane.''' ,'''Ronaldo certainly scores goals, but I do too. He certainly scores more than I do, but we don't have the same style.''' ,'''I really like the mentality of the people in Munich.''' ,'''Normally I provide a lot of assists and do a lot of dribbling - but it's always great when you score a goal.''' ,'''I have always given 100 per cent, power and performance.''' ,'''We are Bayern. We have the highest standards, and always want to win everything, so the Champions League is a very big target.''' ,'''I can be used in various positions.''' ,'''The people who know me know: I am a good guy with a big heart.''' ,'''When I arrived, Bayern were sitting at 14th place in the Bundesliga and weren't in the Champions League. Twelve years later, I left with 23 titles.''' ,'''If I decide to leave Bayern Munich, it will be for a Spanish club. I have to think about what my family wants as well and my wife would be delighted to move to Spain. She doesn't like all the rain and snow and is reluctant to go to England.''' ,'''My relationship with the fans has always been incredible.''' ,'''Maybe I'll quit after my time at Bayern; maybe I will play somewhere else for one more year.''' ,'''No one's saying anything against healthy, fair hardness. That's a part of football. But referees must look more closely and make sure limits are not exceeded.''' ,'''I sometimes lose my calm for a moment, but only when I notice that an opponent is deliberately trying to injure me.''' ,'''You have to be mentally strong to withstand the ridicule of other children and the stares of adults.''' ,'''People are so quick to say someone is a fantastic player and deserves to win the Ballon d'Or after just one good year. I disagree with that.''' ,'''When you've been Bayern for so long and it's your second home, moving away from here is not easy.''' ,'''I don't have any problem with tackles or duels, but I react when I notice that someone is only trying to kick me out of the game. But I never have the intention to hurt anyone. Everything is forgotten again a minute later.''' ,'''If you play in the Champions League, it's a very special feeling, there's a different atmosphere.''' ,'''I'm very strong mentally. I have a lot of character. I never give in; I always have the drive to keep going and to work hard to achieve my goals.''' ,'''I won everything I could win with Bayern and individually.''' ,'''Bayern will always have a place in my heart and what I need, I can accomplish here.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of anything.''' ,'''We have to play as a team every game.''' ,'''Each and every player wants to win every game, but that's simply not possible.''' ,'''I deserved to win the Ballon d'Or.''' ,'''In my long career I have experienced a lot, but never changed.''' ,'''The Ballon d'Or doesn't interest me any more.''' ,'''My eldest daughter Hiziya always makes fun of my German, and I laugh with her. I did not learn the language in school, but in my daily life, from other people.''' ,'''I have to train in order to be happy.''' ,'''If I am on the pitch there is a lot of energy in my body.''' ,'''At Bayern, I have rediscovered the pleasure of playing. Here, my body is completely free.''' ,'''I am simply happy in Munich.''' ,'''Bayen need quality, you have to invest and upgrade!''' ,'''Football is my life, I love it.''' ,'''Bayern and I are like a married couple.''' ,'''I have a really good relationship with Bayern. I might become a coach after retirement, but with the youth teams.''' ,'''I appreciate every guy, whether he is a footballer or a cook.''' ,'''I was the boy next door who always knew what it meant to have no money. That changed when I turned professional. I was crazy.''' ,'''I can imagine staying in Munich after the end of my career. I have bought a very nice house, I feel good here and I like the mentality.''' ,'''It's important for me that I'm able to walk around the city without being bothered all the time.''' ,'''I am almost German now.''' ,'''You know when you play in Leverkusen it is always a difficult game.''' ,'''He does great things on the pitch but the coach Van Gaal was a bad man.''' ,'''The 4-1-4-1 system is weird.''' ,'''I will play until my knee, my ankle or my back say 'stop.'''' ,'''I feel rejected in France. And do you know why I signed for Bayern when I could have gone anywhere? Because they made me feel wanted.''' ,'''For me, you have to prove yourself over 10, 12 or 15 years if you want to be among the best. Do that and then I will congratulate you.''' ,]
+++