+++
author = "Kashmira Shah"
title = "Kashmira Shah Quotes"
quotes_len = "91"
description = "the best 91 Kashmira Shah Quotes"
keywords = "kashmira shah,kashmira shah quotes,kashmira shah quote,kashmira shah sayings,kashmira shah saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to shock people. I want to do roles that nobody else can do.''' ,'''My perfect partner has to understand my silence as well as my needs, this is a very important factor for me.''' ,'''I never wish to have an image of a sexy girl or an item girl.''' ,'''I am not in Bollywood for item songs. I have to do some meaty roles and realistic films.''' ,'''What's the big deal in doing a topless shoot provided it's done in good taste? Our temples too have topless figures carved on them.''' ,'''I am friends with everyone but I make enemies in my league.''' ,'''All I get to hear in the mornings are loud screams of my babies. It's such a chaos but a new joy of life.''' ,'''I always liked films that are light and high on entertainment.''' ,'''I always enjoy a challenging role and I don't have to worry about always looking my best on TV as that comes as part of the package when your acting.''' ,'''I'm tired of telling people what Bollywood is.''' ,'''I can give great advice but sometimes I also find it difficult to follow it.''' ,'''Everywhere in TV and films, actors who become mothers are treated differently. Suddenly, people will be like, 'Oh, she's a mom, so she can't play a sex symbol role.'''' ,'''I am not a bimbo. But the industry doesn't look beyond my body.''' ,'''After all, my mother is a Maharashtrian, and I have grown up in Girgaum, amidst a lot of Maharashtrians and I have even danced on the streets during the Ganpati processions.''' ,'''I have never apologised for my assets or for being a sex symbol.''' ,'''After 'Jungle,' people have realized that I'm not just a sex symbol.''' ,''''Siya Ke Ram' being my very first fiction TV show, I've always wanted to do a role that challenges me as an actor.''' ,'''People tend to disappear from showbiz because they cant wait between two projects, which often takes a lot of time.''' ,'''I love watching movies and spending as much time with my boyfriend.''' ,'''I had 14 failed attempts at having kids.''' ,'''These days almost every heroine is trying to do an item number but I am the best.''' ,'''I'm a logical woman and won't resort to washing dirty linen in public.''' ,'''Failure is part of life. My failures have taught me more than my successes. So, it is important to fall and it is equally important to fall and rise.''' ,'''I am not a helicopter mother.''' ,'''Just like Bollywood, reality TV runs in my blood.''' ,'''I always had a feeling we'd have two girls and we were very excited. Krushna was scared and was like, 'oh my god, these girls would turn out to be like you.' And when I realised that I was having twins, I never said that I need one boy and one girl. I was just keeping my fingers crossed hoping that they would be healthy.''' ,'''I don't want to do 85 scenes in a film that has no head or tail.''' ,'''Hope and love are two words the entire world survives on.''' ,'''Very few people like Ram Gopal Varma offer you the opportunity to be pushed as an actress.''' ,'''I go with the flow and maybe that's why I have time to myself whenever I want it.''' ,'''I am done apologizing for being ambitious and I stand for all those women who don't want to apologize just because they are working.''' ,'''Marriage is a very important man-made institution. Once you are married, you need to honour that.''' ,'''When an actress opts for surrogacy, people think that we are figure-conscious. But that's not true. I know how hard it was for me.''' ,'''I cannot become who I want to be by remaining who I am. So, I decided to kick off my high heels and replace them with the shoes of a director.''' ,'''I can't live my life according to anyone else's schedule.''' ,'''Films like 'Jungle' are rare. It was a powerful role and in the future I would like to be associated with such films rather than being part of nonsense stuff.''' ,'''Talking about myself, I get only two to three projects a year but let me tell you they are substantial projects.''' ,'''I am not a manipulative person.''' ,'''Nowadays, the actors who say that they get plenty of scripts everyday but don't have time to go through them are nothing but big liars. The reality is - they don't even have a single script in their hand!''' ,'''I love being in Lucknow as I get so much love and warmth here.''' ,'''I think the stakes are very high in a relationship so my guy will have to be willing to let me go and, trust me, no one that has ever been with me has ever wanted to let me go, ask my exes!''' ,'''Krushna never has a problem with me posting sexy pictures on social media or doing bold photo shoots.''' ,'''The youth of today has no qualms accepting and talking about their love affairs on national television. They don't bother much about their parents and talk about love openly. I feel they are selfish.''' ,'''Krushna and I have been together for almost six years and that's because we not only love each other but share an immense attraction.''' ,'''One of the reasons Krushna fell for me was my sexiness, and for any relationship to be alive, I believe physical attraction is a must.''' ,'''Out of so many international stars from U.S., France, Russia and Italy, I was the one who bagged the first Frownie Award. It is a humbling feeling.''' ,'''Guys are so stupid; they do stupid things and then expect the girl they like to fall for them.''' ,'''We have named our kids Ryan and Krishank. Well, Ryan is also called as Sultan as he is a survivor and had a long struggle with life.''' ,'''I never did a nude shoot, I always kept myself limited to bikini shoots. This, however, does not mean that I look down on individuals who pose nude for shoots.''' ,'''I told my family just a month before kids were born and I had to explain to them what surrogacy was. They read up about it and they said, 'it's your kid, obviously we are excited.'''' ,'''I am just very honest and frank, and a lot of people cant handle that.''' ,'''Casting couch exists as far as smaller films are concerned... B and C grade types.''' ,'''From experience I can say, live-in relationships are not that great!''' ,'''I don't mind doing the same thing. Actors who say, 'I'm looking for something different,' don't have jobs.''' ,'''I have an independent identity and have full support of my husband, who also has made his name, not because he was someone's nephew but because of his talent.''' ,'''I have great assets and so I have the confidence to flaunt them.''' ,'''Motherhood hasn't changed me much but the only difference I feel is that I have become more patient.''' ,'''So, I think slowly, the women of this industry are changing the norms and I'm proud to be one of them.''' ,'''Krushna is my boyfriend but my life doesn't begin and end with him and neither does his professional career begin and end with me.''' ,'''I am a brat by nature and I don't repent what I do.''' ,'''You can only argue with reasonable people.''' ,'''So, if people remember my work then I have done justice to my career.''' ,'''Krushna and I never wanted to get married as we were very happy living together. But one fine day, Krushna got up and proposed to me for marriage. I didn't take him seriously at all.''' ,'''Many girls struggle between the love for the partner and the love for their parents. They want to pursue their own happiness but at the same time they want to keep their parents happy. Sometimes you can't do both but you can keep on trying.''' ,'''As humans we are never happy or satisfied with what we have and we always want more or different.''' ,'''I do play a lot of supporting roles but I think I have the best fun as I have more choices.''' ,'''Some of the scripts I hear are completely useless. Sometimes, they're copies of very bad Hollywood films.''' ,'''Being a mother is a completely different feeling and my life has changed completely. Plus I have a new found respect for mothers.''' ,'''In fact, if anything, I want to work harder because I want my kids to know that their mum is a director, a fighter, a survivor! They should know that I have made a name in this industry with no backing.''' ,'''I don't want to bring them up as spoilt, pampered kids. We don't want them to take our status for granted. They will have their own struggles.''' ,'''My song in 'Vaastav' was my debut dance number.''' ,'''Not everybody who opts for surrogacy is doing that to save their figure. People have genuine problems.''' ,'''There is really no winning mantra for 'Bigg Boss.'''' ,'''I am happy that my short stint in Pooja Bhatt's 'Holiday' was well appreciated though it did not get as much publicity as it should have.''' ,'''I'm not saying stealing a girl is okay at any cost, but the message I'm sending out is that if you love someone, you ought to be able to tell her that you do and she has the right to know what her options are.''' ,'''I don't dress skimpily; I dress sexily.''' ,'''I would like to do songs that are remembered.''' ,'''Nothing will affect my marriage.''' ,'''We all have seen Madhuri Dixit's hit dance numbers and we can't forget the contribution Saroj Khan added to them.''' ,'''I cant help having a sexy body.''' ,'''We couldn't celebrate the birth of our twins, as the moment they were born, we found out within 15 minutes that one needed to have a surgery. So, despite being such a joyous moment, we couldn't declare it to anyone.''' ,'''One has to have the right spirit, attitude and make a place for themselves in the viewers' hearts.''' ,'''Bollywood is a huge industry with a lot of competition and you always have to stay at the top of the game.''' ,'''I know that India is very sensitive to nudity.''' ,'''Love and hate are two of the strongest emotions.''' ,'''I am a powerful actor.''' ,'''When my career was just beginning, I played the role of a terrorist and that too without makeup in 'Jungle.'''' ,'''Even as a man, I look sexier than any other man.''' ,'''I have always been a fan of comedy films.''' ,'''Even my films did well and I had an opportunity to start my career with a full-fledged role in 'Yes Boss,' but I never earned the recognition which I always looked for.''' ,'''I learnt not to trust people easily and also learnt that Indians are not really used to reality TV. They will forgive people playing games in monopoly or chess but not on reality show. Come on, lets grow up.''' ,]
+++