+++
author = "Freja Beha Erichsen"
title = "Freja Beha Erichsen Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Freja Beha Erichsen Quotes"
keywords = "freja beha erichsen,freja beha erichsen quotes,freja beha erichsen quote,freja beha erichsen sayings,freja beha erichsen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm always in an Alexander Wang t-shirt or tank top and Acne jeans. I can just throw that on and be myself.''' ,'''Never be scared to cut your own hair, but take it easy and never go too far.''' ,'''It's important to think about the bigger picture, especially if we are given these platforms. We can make a difference.''' ,'''I love to have massages, I think it's really important to relax. In New York, I usually go to Massage Williamsburg or Great Jones Spa.''' ,'''You can pull off anything if you have the right attitude. Being cool is whatever you think it is. Own your style.''' ,'''I've been so blessed to have the career I have had, so each and every shoot and job is a privilege for me to be at.''' ,'''There's a special feeling that you get from Chanel that you don't get from any other show.''' ,'''Being a tomboy worked to my advantage in fashion. I'm known as the androgynous girl - I've used it in a way that works for me. I've never felt a pressure to change myself. I do own a few Rick Owens dresses - they're more like long tank tops, though.''' ,'''I guess I like more of the skinny jeans. I'm not very fond of all the stretch, so I try to avoid too much stretch fabric.''' ,'''I do a bit of yoga - by myself, not classes. I like to go for long walks and to garden.''' ,'''I've been travelling around the U.K., actually getting to see places. I'm so lucky that I am able to travel with work, but you don't often get to experience them properly.''' ,'''I get out of bed, brush my teeth, wash my face, put on moisturiser, put on clothes, and leave. Four minutes. I like to shower at night so I can roll out of bed.''' ,'''Beauty doesn't have to be the perfect image. It's more interesting to have something a bit off.''' ,'''I would like to sit down with Emily Dickinson, Virginia Woolf, PJ Harvey, and Bjork. That would be a good dinner in my mind. Strong women. I think I would enjoy that.''' ,'''I am quite 'natural' in the sense that I do not worry too much about the way I look, and I like a casual look. I do not wear make-up if I do not need to.''' ,'''I want to carry on modelling for years to come.''' ,'''I love the process - collaborating with the photographers, traveling, and seeing different cultures. My mother always said I would regret it if I didn't do it. And I think she was right.''' ,'''I was a little biker girl. I thought it was cool; everyone else thought it was really weird. The other little girls were all in these pretty dresses, and my mum bought me this black, studded leather jacket, which I loved.''' ,'''It's hard when people ask me to walk in a different way than I would naturally. I don't think my walk is particularly elegant if you compare it to other girls, but it fits my personality.''' ,'''My routine is really simple. I wash my face with Bioderma Sensibio H2O, and I exfoliate around once a week. I then use an oil-free moisturiser, and that's pretty much it.''' ,'''I don't really wear lipstick.''' ,'''I never really wear any make-up on my face, like foundation or anything - and I really wouldn't advise that you leave that on your skin at night - but I do often leave on my eye make-up overnight. I actually prefer it the next day; it looks more worn-in.''' ,'''To have power naps! In the past months, I have learned to have them everywhere I go, and that is key for my health. To eat healthy food is also essential - especially fruit, for the vitamins.''' ,'''I grew up playing soccer with the boys - quite far from reading magazines.''' ,'''Denim should always be comfortable; jeans should protect you. They are workwear.''' ,]
+++