+++
author = "Marc Randolph"
title = "Marc Randolph Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Marc Randolph Quotes"
keywords = "marc randolph,marc randolph quotes,marc randolph quote,marc randolph sayings,marc randolph saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I first met Jeff Bezos back in the late 90s, the only automated thing in his office was a rotating fan, gently blowing across a pair of identical blue shirts he'd hung on a water pipe behind his desk.''' ,'''People watch 'The Social Network,' and what they hone in on is the wealth and the parties and the excitement, and they don't realize the grind and the 'gruelingness' and the disappointment.''' ,'''The most powerful step that anyone can take to turn their dreams into reality is a simple one. You just need to start.''' ,'''It was a long, circuitous route from my mom's real estate business to Netflix. It didn't happen overnight. Or in a year. Or even in ten years. But it happened.''' ,'''Who knows what form storytelling will take in the future?''' ,'''When you're in a meeting and you pull out your paper notebook, people look at you and go, 'Oh, he's taking a note.' But if you're in a meeting and you pull out your iPad, they go, 'Oh, he's checking Facebook.'''' ,'''You pick what your customers want, not what your entrenched business model may require you to do.''' ,'''Banks and investors don't usually view a high-ranking executive in the company selling off massive amounts of stock as a good thing.''' ,'''When someone uses 'low eight figures,' that means barely eight figures.''' ,'''I played second base.''' ,'''Pitching a concept well is certainly important, but ultimately you have to build it.''' ,'''My father was an investment banker, a stock broker.''' ,'''Collaborative decision-making is very poor in crises.''' ,'''I'm not a glass-half-full optimist. I'm a glass-overflowing optimist.''' ,'''The lessons I learned starting Netflix - and over a lifetime of entrepreneurship - are broadly applicable to anyone with a dream.''' ,'''I don't know if there's a genetic marker for entrepreneurship. But if there is, it's most likely not a genius for planning. It's a propensity for action - and the ability to put failure behind you quickly. To stop being precious about your ideas.''' ,'''As a student I'd done work with a charity that took inner-city kids from disadvantaged areas and introduced them to hiking and climbing in the wilderness.''' ,'''The biggest problem I see with early-stage entrepreneurs is they get the idea in their head, and they leave it in their head. And they begin embellishing it in their head, making it more ornate. They add on the second story to their dream house - then add the tennis court and the turrets and the gargoyles.''' ,'''My first real job lasted for three years. It ended the day I was unceremoniously fired.''' ,'''At a startup, it's hard enough to get a single thing right, much less a whole bunch of things. Especially if the things you are trying to do are not only dissimilar but actively impede each other.''' ,'''Some of my fondest memories of the early years of Netflix have to do with our efforts to figure out the most efficient, effective, and fast methods to get DVDs to people all over the country.''' ,'''When an opportunity comes knocking, you don't necessarily have to open your door. But you owe it to yourself to at least look through the keyhole.''' ,'''Most legacy companies get crushed - they get Blockbustered - because they are too afraid to walk away from the status quo, to embrace what the future is.''' ,'''The simple reason I like every idea is that I'm an optimist.''' ,'''I'm not sure I want to preserve the old ways just for the sake of saying, 'I don't believe in change.'''' ,'''Build something, make something, test something, sell something. Learn for yourself if your idea is a good one.''' ,'''People are always advised to follow your dreams, but in 'That Will Never Work' I show them how!''' ,'''I came from years and years in the direct marketing industry where everything is layered.''' ,'''I still have long lists of things that I want to accomplish every day.''' ,'''Most people who have ideas, those ideas sit in their head forever until they eventually die.''' ,'''The role of a founder-CEO is extremely lonely. You can't always be fully forthcoming with your board or investors or employees.''' ,'''In a two-sided market, focusing on the customer will increase a business's ability to extract value from the supply side.''' ,'''Innovation is doing something in a different way, but it also has a subtext: When there's an established way, and that way is considered the best practice and how it's traditionally been done, innovation comes by and says 'Let's try a different approach.' It doesn't need to be big or company-wide - it could be a single thing.''' ,'''As entrepreneurs, or artists, or just people with dreams, the worst thing you can do is get so caught up in planning the perfect idea that you never get around to actually... well, doing it. I call this building castles in your mind.''' ,'''Silicon Valley loves a good origin story.''' ,'''Poor leaders have a certain style and that's the only style they have.''' ,'''In fact, I'm happy to go on record as saying that the ability to create a reality distortion field is right up there alongside optimism as an entrepreneur's most valuable weapon.''' ,'''Back in the early days at Netflix, it wasn't unheard of for me to tell prospective hires that I could see our stock going to a hundred dollars someday.''' ,'''Netflix is famous for its corporate culture, which rightly emphasizes directness and personal responsibility.''' ,'''With people, if you see something you want to change, you can make the change immediately. And if that doesn't work, you can change it again half an hour later. You can't do that with a robot. They're terrible at experimenting.''' ,'''If you apprentice yourself to the smartest people who will take you seriously, you will learn at every step. You'll learn their special language. You'll see what real people do. Your interests might surprise you. They will evolve. And you'll be well-positioned to take advantage of whatever opportunity life throws your way.''' ,'''No one knows what's a good idea or a bad idea until you try it.''' ,'''Companies make a big point of how their culture is all about 'bad news first,' but when it comes to people, they are suddenly scared to communicate bad news out of some mistaken feeling of politeness or political correctness.''' ,'''In the years after I left Netflix, the company I co-founded, I didn't want to puff myself up or tear anyone else down.''' ,'''One of the key lessons I learned at Netflix was the necessity of focus.''' ,'''Take any job in a growing, exciting company. You'll learn so much.''' ,'''In 'That Will Never Work,' I give readers a clear-eyed insider's look into how one of the least likely startups grew into one of the world's most successful companies.''' ,'''Netflix was my sixth start-up, and that point I decided I didn't have it in me to start another company. At least that's what I thought at the time.''' ,'''Culture is a critical piece of success.''' ,'''Certainly when I was starting, it required being in a community where, when you tried to rent a building, and they looked at your balance sheet and saw it was negative, that didn't scare them away.''' ,'''One of my bywords is that nobody knows anything, including me.''' ,'''Most people have a kind of survivor bias about luck. When something wonderful happens - when preparation meets opportunity, with excellent results - we think: 'How lucky!' But we don't usually acknowledge all the times when things just... fizzle out. All the times when preparation comes to nothing.''' ,'''As you get older, if you're lucky, you realize two things: what you like, but also what you're good at.''' ,'''I'm definitely a note taker.''' ,'''It used to be true that to succeed in the creative class, you had to move immediately to where the action was. It was how you made connections, how you got auditions, how you found an audience and funding and some attention for your craft. But not anymore.''' ,'''I am the luckiest guy you will ever meet. The most fortunate guy you'll ever meet.''' ,'''Now, I love a good factory tour. Drop me into a bottling plant, an automotive assembly line, or a jellybean factory, and I'm happy as a clam at high tide.''' ,'''Negotiation is empathy. It's almost trite to say that if you can't put yourself in the seat of the other person you're speaking with, you're not going to do well. It's not about being a bully, not about making offers people can't refuse.''' ,'''Learning and the exchange of ideas is dramatic.''' ,'''Once you're an entrepreneur you're always an entrepreneur, and you need that fix.''' ,'''As software began to be sold to people who would never consider themselves technical, it suddenly became clear that you needed people who spoke their language.''' ,'''I wanted to use my story of starting Netflix - the whole thing, warts and all - to show how a dream could make it from the inside of one's head out into the real world.''' ,'''Like Netflix, Looker started as nothing more than an idea. Lloyd Tabb and Ben Porterfield were two brilliant engineers who had figured out a better way for businesses to see and analyze their data, and they asked me to join them to help out with the ABCs - that's short for Anything But Coding.''' ,'''Iteration, not ideation, is the most important part of early stage entrepreneurship. You have to have a lot of ideas - a lot of bad ideas - if you want to end up with a good one.''' ,'''Companies become what they want to become.''' ,'''That Will Never Work' is my chance to share all the secrets I've accumulated in a 40 years career as a entrepreneur - secrets that can help anyone turn their dream into a reality.''' ,'''Two-sided markets are notoriously finicky.''' ,'''No one has ever asked me to give a graduation speech. But in my years of working with aspiring entrepreneurs, many of them in college, I've gotten used to giving advice.''' ,'''I tell aspiring entrepreneurs all the time: Validate your idea locally. Get some experience under your belt. Prove your idea has legs where you are. Spend some time as a big fish in a small pond. Demonstrate that there's a there there... there. Where you live.''' ,'''Luck was a huge part of the Netflix story.''' ,'''That became the Netflix culture: radical honesty.''' ,'''Risk taking in business is one thing. Risk taking in your personal safety is a different thing.''' ,'''As Looker got larger, the talented people we hired started to see things that we couldn't. And what had looked like a company the three of us could run out of our houses for a few hours a day became something bigger. Much bigger.''' ,'''I'm not a 'but' man. Nothing good ever comes of that word.''' ,'''I exited Netflix on wonderful terms, but I don't think I was totally at peace.''' ,'''There's nothing worse than the guy who at the party goes, 'Oh, I had that idea two years ago.' Well, then, why didn't you do something two years ago?''' ,'''When a company gets bigger, when it begins to bring on employees, it naturally goes through this tendency of wanting to control, of wanting to build process - essentially to say not every one of our customers or employees has great judgment.''' ,'''Usually, when I give talks, I'm 100% there, 100% present.''' ,'''Diversity is not a skin thing, necessarily. Diversity is you have people around the table who have different backgrounds and different experiences and think differently.''' ,'''Don't move to L.A to become an actress - you'll just be a waitress. Don't drive to Nashville to become a country music star - you'll just end up playing empty honky-tonks at two in the afternoon on a Tuesday.''' ,'''When we were kicking around the idea for Netflix in 1997, proving out an idea was expensive and labor-intensive. There was no Squarespace, no cloud. If you wanted a website, you had to build it from scratch. If you wanted an online store, you had to completely design it yourself.''' ,'''Every successful career I've ever known was filled with long periods of meandering, months or even years when no one knew what would happen next. Look at me: I started as a geology major turned failed realtor.''' ,'''If you want your company to succeed, you have to have the confidence in your business to take a bet on its future - to risk destroying a mediocre business model for the chance to have a strong one.''' ,'''I'm this big believer that culture is not what you say, it's what you do. Who cares about your PowerPoint and about what you've carved into your cornerstone? If it's not being modeled, it won't be readable.''' ,'''I just always believed we would succeed. Even when everyone else said my ideas were ridiculous. Even when we were almost out of money. Even when the metrics were all upside down. I always have confidence that I'll figure something out. I just have that confidence that things are going to work out fine.''' ,'''The real story of Netflix is complicated: an epic tale full of struggle, disappointment, drama, humor, and achievement.''' ,'''Long story short: I didn't start out thinking I'd be a tech entrepreneur.''' ,'''I mean, at the simplest level, my entire background was in marketing, which largely is about understanding a customer, being able to be intuitive, being able to be empathetic.''' ,'''Like most people in 1997, I hadn't ever even seen a DVD, much less watched one.''' ,'''When entrepreneurs talk about their success, they rarely talk about luck. I think that's because most of them think the concept denigrates the hard work and smart thinking they put into their projects. But luck is a huge part of any successful business.''' ,'''People imagine that Netflix sprang fully formed into a global streaming giant, but Netflix might have been personalised sporting goods - or customised shampoo - or even pet food, since these were all ideas that I pitched Reed Hastings in those first months.''' ,'''The number of people who have successfully scaled a company from dream to post-IPO success - you could list them on the fingers of two hands.''' ,'''I personally believe that a critical part to innovation is that exchange of ideas so when you say, 'Here's my idea,' someone else at the next table, who is in a different party, will go, 'Oh, these guys are trying that,' so that comes.''' ,'''Companies have centers of gravity. Where they are is part of their identity.''' ,'''At Netflix, we realized that we weren't in business with the Toshibas and the Sonys of the world. We were in business with the guy sitting at home trying to find a DVD to watch. If we had the courage to focus on him, everyone - movie studios, electronics companies, Netflix itself - won.''' ,'''I certainly don't only watch Netflix. I enjoy the fact there is multiple companies producing content. I think it's great for consumers.''' ,'''Here's a simple truth: When you surround a good idea with brilliant people, it changes. No matter how much you plan, great ideas have a mind of their own.''' ,'''That Will Never Work' is the untold story of Netflix. It's how a handful of people, with no experience in the video business, went from mailing a used Patsy Cline CD and ended up with a publicly traded company.''' ,'''When I was 23, I was quite possibly the worst real estate agent in New York. I was working for my mother's agency in Chappaqua, and no one was buying houses. In eight months, I made zero sales. I rented one apartment.''' ,'''By being courageous enough to state the difficult truth, the most important reputation that you will preserve is your own.''' ,]
+++