+++
author = "Sixto Rodriguez"
title = "Sixto Rodriguez Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Sixto Rodriguez Quotes"
keywords = "sixto rodriguez,sixto rodriguez quotes,sixto rodriguez quote,sixto rodriguez sayings,sixto rodriguez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The film, 'Searching For Sugar Man,' has excited my music career.''' ,'''Music is a living art.''' ,'''I've only written 30 songs or something. Dylan's written over 500 songs. There's no comparison. He's the Shakespeare of rock 'n' roll and popular music.''' ,'''The social realism of ' Establishment Blues' or 'Like Janis,' are what I chose to use to express what was happening in the U.S. and what was happening to me personally.''' ,'''There's no blueprint for success in rock'n'roll.''' ,'''Barriers are being brought down by technology through the Internet.''' ,'''There's no shame in hard work.''' ,'''I used protest music as a vehicle.''' ,'''Voice is the first instrument.''' ,'''My dad, he was my role model - my mom died when I was three - and the way we honor our parents is remembering their heritage.''' ,'''You want to know the secret of life? It is to breathe in and out. And the mystery of life? You never know when it is going to end.''' ,'''The Isley Brothers, there's a group that stays together because they're a family band.''' ,'''Rock 'n' roll is a crazy world, and it's how things work out you can't predict.''' ,'''Where other people live in an artificial world, I feel I live in the real world. And nothing beats reality.''' ,'''I'm born and bred out of Detroit. Detroit is an interesting place. You've got to be from somewhere.''' ,'''I stopped chasing the music dream back in '74.''' ,'''I like Detroit.''' ,'''I like people who can write and sing, and play an instrument.''' ,'''Musicians want to be heard. So I'm not hiding. But I do like to leave it there onstage and be myself, in that sense. Because some people carry it with them.''' ,'''Whenever I speak, I talk to the collective consciousness of my audience.''' ,'''I like language, words. And I think the survival skills I've developed over the years have added a lot to my perspective.''' ,'''Education, information and knowledge are all one.''' ,'''I was ready for the world. I don't think the world was ready for me.''' ,'''I learned that South Africa is a beautiful country with gorgeous people, and I got to see it from a different perspective than most people do.''' ,'''I got my style. I got my own way of playing. I'm a musician. I'm self-taught.''' ,'''I'm not getting old, I'm getting dead.''' ,'''I play guitar and I'm always trying to find out the latest kinds of riffs.''' ,'''I've always covered some Dylan songs. I do one or two. And I do them because they're great songs. You know some people cover songs they wish they could have written, not me. I like to cover songs I know I could not have ever written.''' ,'''That's the way I always listened to music. I'd listen and copy it. I play by ear so that's easier than reading.''' ,'''I've had such an ordinary life.''' ,'''Musicians do music for the girls. We do music for the money. We do music for the recognition, for the rock and roll history. But we also do it because it's fun.''' ,'''Every 20 years or so, I feel that young people confront the same issues - a new war, new challenges.''' ,'''Beware of current truths.''' ,'''Music is not a spectator sport, you have to be involved - fully involved - or you get left behind.''' ,'''In the '60s and '70s, a protest song was a genre in music.''' ,'''I did a lot of heavy-lifting - construction, demolition, that kind of thing. Dusty, dirty work.''' ,'''I think that many of the issues they were facing in South Africa were the same as those I was singing about. Conscription, resisting the draft, government repression - I mentioned all those things in my songs.''' ,'''I'm a musical political, I tend to stick to what I see happening outside my front door.''' ,'''About love, don't be a silent partner. And be gentle with your anger.''' ,'''I don't mind going out to do my shows but I can still retreat back into my own private world, you know? And that is very key.''' ,'''The earth is going to survive, it's the people that aren't.''' ,'''I have fun with words.''' ,'''My work is more to me than just music.''' ,'''I'm not a visual guy. I'm audio. I'm a musician. I know what I do. I play guitar, and in my category I'm doing O.K.''' ,'''I have a formal education, but there's a whole lot you don't learn in school. And you only have so much time to figure it out. No matter how cerebral, celestial, how ethnic, there's a span of time here.''' ,'''My career, it's been a mess.''' ,'''In the music business, there's a lot of criticism and rejection. If you embrace it, you'll be better off when the adjustment comes.''' ,'''I've been a candidate for office at least eight times. A couple times for mayor, state representative, city council.''' ,'''Music is a living art. You re-create it.''' ,'''I don't necessarily want a higher education, I want a wider education. I want to know everything and experience everything.''' ,'''I chose music and that's what I do.''' ,'''You can't get around certain stuff, whether it's in Darfur or on your block at home. What makes us political is your home turf, your family, your life space. You walk down the street, and automatically a human being is territorial, and political happens in that.''' ,'''I don't much listen to music as I study it: who's doing what, who wrote it.''' ,'''It took me 10 years to get a four-year degree, but I graduated.''' ,'''I love my country. It's just the government I don't trust.''' ,'''I live below my means. I think that's a good discipline because you never can tell.''' ,'''I like to say that I do covers of my own songs. And I have about a dozen bands all over the world. That's no exaggeration. I have a South African band, an Australian band, Swedish bands, English bands, American bands. They're all notable musicians, too.''' ,'''I'm lucky. It's okay that success has come later to me, because I might have burned up if it had happened earlier.''' ,'''I've been chasing music since I was 16.''' ,'''If I sound political, it's because I am.''' ,'''I loved the Woody Guthrie tradition of speaking about what's happening to the country.''' ,'''I just want to be treated like an ordinary legend.''' ,'''You never throw away your work clothes. There is always something to do in the house.''' ,'''I don't like litter and blight.''' ,'''Entertainment news doesn't interest me.''' ,'''That late success has happened is OK. I'm grounded. I use my seniority to my advantage. That's helped me out. Who'd have thought? So, yeah. I'm a lucky guy.''' ,'''Many of us come into the world with a clenched fist, but we all leave with an open hand.''' ,'''I was skeptical about the whole idea of my being in a film.''' ,'''I'm a worker, but I think that all workers get an idea of what to do to get free. Any kind of bondage, even economic bondage, is slavery.''' ,'''Some want to do pretty songs with pretty words about pretty people, but that ain't me.''' ,'''I play by ear - I'm self-taught. And so everything I do is through that technique.''' ,'''I'm a lucky man.''' ,'''I'm a fortunate man, quite fortunate.''' ,'''I'm not an ascetic.''' ,'''I loved Jimmy Reed, the chord changes, the lyrics.''' ,'''There are no guarantees in the music field. There's a lot of rejection, a lot of criticism and a lot of disappointment. You have to be prepared for that. And after 1973, it just wasn't happening for me.''' ,'''I'm a family person, and you make those choices.''' ,'''I enjoy room service.''' ,'''It's an honor and a pleasure to be heard.''' ,'''I want to be mayor of the world. Don't give me too much money or too much power.''' ,'''You either live under a rock or you walk in the sunshine. That's pretty much how it goes.''' ,'''I always had my guitar; I worked at writing some songs. I always played music - in the house. I sang to my daughters, I scribbled down some ideas. Actually I didn't always play music. I did leave it alone for some time too.''' ,'''My family, we're indigenous people from San Luis Potosi in Central Mexico. My father moved to Detroit and brought all of us because the automobile companies were paying great wages.''' ,'''I'm Mexican, and we do a lot of singing, and it was my brother's guitar that I'd practice on, and he would say, 'Who's that playing my guitar?'''' ,'''I never left music, I just left the music scene.''' ,'''You see there's music and there's the music business - and they're different.''' ,'''Solomon was a musician and David was a musician, so it's a profession that I take seriously.''' ,'''All my life, I never gave up on music and though there was a lot of disappointment for some that the commercial thing never happened, it has never been a disappointment for me.''' ,'''I have a sloppy style of playing guitar. A percussive style. Unique in fact.''' ,'''I know I did 'Establishment Blues,' and I said 'This is not a song it's an outburst' and I'd play it, I never did describe it as a rant - R-A-N-T - but the thing is it's exactly that. Sometimes it sounds like that, but there's a lot out there on the everyday man, on the plight of the little guy.''' ,'''There are beautiful songs people write about love and dancing. But it's political issues that should be addressed.''' ,'''Was 'Crucify Your Mind' dedicated to anybody? No, it was a generalization. 'A Most Disgusting Song' is like that, too.''' ,'''In Detroit there are a lot of houses they are going to demolish because no one is taking care of them.''' ,'''My entry level has always been pretty high in the music business.''' ,'''I always like to say that you've got to... use all your talent.''' ,'''I renovate homes and buildings and residences in Detroit.''' ,'''I sing about social issues, not the boy-girl stuff.''' ,'''Some bands don't do covers. I love music. I've done the '40s, the '50s, 'the '60s, the '70s, the '80s, the '90s, the '00s, and I'm working on the '10s.''' ,'''I graduated from Wayne State University, but there's a whole lot you don't learn in school.''' ,'''I wasn't very successful at running for office.''' ,]
+++