+++
author = "Rebecca Black"
title = "Rebecca Black Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Rebecca Black Quotes"
keywords = "rebecca black,rebecca black quotes,rebecca black quote,rebecca black sayings,rebecca black saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am worth something and I will be big.''' ,'''I grew up being the girl who would always tune in to watch famous people talk about their careers, how they handled scandals and mega fame. I'm trying to pick up tips.''' ,'''To me I'm just a regular person going to the mall with friends, and now I'm in Forever 21 and I see this random group of girls staring at me and taking pictures. But now I usually have my dad, who is a really tall and intimidating person with me, so he's kind of my bodyguard.''' ,'''I was one of those little girls who practiced signing autographs since I was 5 years old.''' ,'''Dancing - that's really what I do at parties. I dance and I hang out with friends. That's my partying.''' ,''''Friday' is about hanging out with friends, having fun. I felt like it was my personality in that song.''' ,'''I want to show people there's more to me than they think.''' ,'''I like guys with a nice smile. I know it's cliche, but it's so true! I like a guy with a nice smile and nice eyes.''' ,'''I have a huge crush on Josh Hutcherson and all the guys in One Direction!''' ,'''I don't think I'm the worst singer, but I don't think I'm the best singer.''' ,'''Luckily, I have some amazing friends.''' ,'''At times, it feels like I'm being cyber bullied.''' ,'''I don't really use YouTube that much. I am a very Internet-oriented person, but I'm more of a Twitter freak - I'm always on Twitter. Or chatting with friends.''' ,'''I would love to be like Justin Bieber or Selena Gomez. They were catapulted into stardom when they were so young - like I was - and they still haven't gone down the wrong path and I hope neither or them will. I find that really inspiring.''' ,]
+++