+++
author = "Gavin Esler"
title = "Gavin Esler Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Gavin Esler Quotes"
keywords = "gavin esler,gavin esler quotes,gavin esler quote,gavin esler sayings,gavin esler saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We're never encouraged by the producers to ask questions in any way. The most important thing to be is authentic and to be yourself. If I feel someone has answered a question then I'll move on. If I feel it's important enough, I will pursue the question.''' ,'''If we have to put music into baskets, then the progressive rock bands I fell in love with as a teenager made sounds that shaded into jazz, folk, metal, and in the case of the wonderful (and sadly missed) Jon Lord, modern classical music.''' ,'''There is so much unreliable information on the internet and in the media.''' ,'''In difficult times, most of us need friends.''' ,'''The very idea of a Party of God, Hizbollah, puts the fear of God into British hearts.''' ,'''This is the only life I'm ever going to have, so shouldn't I at least try to be happy?''' ,'''At seven years old, I won a scholarship to George Heriot's School, an independent school in Edinburgh, and I was there until I was 17.''' ,'''Every year I go to Denver, usually between June and August. I hire a car and head up to the Rocky Mountain National Park, about a three-hour drive. It's my idea of heaven on earth and just talking about it puts me in a good mood.''' ,'''It's perhaps easier to say what prog rock isn't than what it is: it's not three-minute pop songs, it's not straightforward rock, metal, blues or jazz, but can have elements of all them and more. It's a form that is on the boundaries of many different forms, that is open to all sorts of influences.''' ,'''The thing I love most about going to the Rocky Mountain National Park is that mobile phones don't work, and there's no electricity and no TV.''' ,'''International politics attracts politicians who talk a good game, but whose achievements are often slender.''' ,'''Personally, I hope that we British continue to criticise America - just as I hope Americans will criticise us. That is what friends do.''' ,'''My idea of heaven is being in Arizona, stuck up a mountain - somewhere where there are no phones.''' ,'''Compromise disappoints those who buy into the most ambitious and simplistic populist slogans.''' ,'''London thrives because it is one of the most open cities in the world, but Brexit is shutting the door on talented people coming to live and work here - the people we need when we get sick, the ones we see on the Tube, our friends and neighbours. Even worse, it has made London a less tolerant place.''' ,'''Brexit is turning out to be a really really bad meal. We ordered steak and chips and we've now got some raw chicken that smells bad.''' ,'''Public displays of puritanical religiosity mask the private perversions of the real Washington behind closed doors.''' ,'''I've always been a fan of the Overton Window. It's not a piece of glass but a political theory named after the conservative American political analyst, Joseph P Overton.''' ,'''Amateurism has its place in government, in journalism and also on the tennis court, but lack of expertise means politicians routinely promise far more than they achieve.''' ,'''Government is not a game show, though at times it is amusing and entertaining to watch.''' ,'''As a journalist, I have spent years reporting on often difficult and depressing conflicts, on poverty, and the inhuman way we sometimes treat each other.''' ,'''Whether anyone has ever changed their mind as a result of a celebrity endorsement of a candidate is a bit of a mystery.''' ,'''What mattered in the cold war was weight - how big are your missiles? How heavy are your tanks? What matters in globalisation is speed. How fast is your modem? How good are you communications?''' ,'''In Britain, politicians who openly discuss their spirituality are about as welcome as Jehovah' s Witnesses on the doorstep, and the British associate the mixture of politics and religion as a heady cocktail best reserved for the mass irrationality of Northern Ireland, Iran, Kashmir, and the Middle East.''' ,'''Receiving my first degree was one of the most important days of my life.''' ,'''We need to create a sense of shame about racism, and about leaders who deliberately mislead and lie.''' ,'''My taste in coffee has got better with age, and so has my taste in music.''' ,'''The Cold War, Bosnia and Ukraine remind us that peace is fragile. Iraq and Syria remind us that no society or culture is immune from conflict.''' ,'''Populism, literally, means speaking for 'the people.' In practice it means demagoguery.''' ,'''Americans, apparently, either do nothing about the world's problems, in which case they are ignorant and isolationist, selfish and gutless, or they try to do something about the world's problems, in which case they are arrogant and naive, greedy and bullying.''' ,'''A political and economic system that only works for a small group at the top is a system that needs to change.''' ,'''The country I live in is never clear about its name. My passport says 'the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland,' and citizens of the U.K. may call themselves British, English, Scottish, Welsh or from Northern Ireland.''' ,'''Once upon a time, America was a self-reliant John Wayne society where a man's gotta do what a man's gotta do. Now, America has become an over-lawyered society where nobody takes responsibility for mistakes because it is more profitable to claim victimhood and reach for a lawyer.''' ,'''As journalists we are sceptical by nature, but there are some things you take on trust.''' ,'''American elections have usually turned on the issues of war, peace and the economy.''' ,'''Life is about relationships, not transactions.''' ,'''Viewers don't like rudeness, but they like us to be persistent.''' ,'''World leaders and major political figures have often had delusions of grandeur.''' ,'''I've never been a fan of party politics.''' ,'''I'm not anti-American. But I am very strongly anti American bacon - the worst bacon in the world.''' ,'''Brexit is not only not just about left and right. Brexit is about expertise.''' ,'''Anyone who goes through divorce goes through a very hard time.''' ,'''In the Stephen Sondheim song, when something bad happens in the circus, they send in the clowns. In America's political circus, they send in the lawyers.''' ,'''A celebrity can gain attention in our otherwise busy lives. And celebrity sells.''' ,'''From the moment he took the oath of office in 1993 until he left the White House in 2001, Bill Clinton was a paradox in power. He presided over the United States prosperous and at peace - but never at peace with itself.''' ,'''When I visit universities in the U.A.E., the U.S. and across Europe, I see the faces of the leaders of tomorrow.''' ,'''Presidents at the end of their second term - Reagan with the Iran-contra affair, Clinton with Monica Lewinsky - often find they are bedevilled by hostile Congressional investigations.''' ,'''Ian Anderson of Jethro Tull is now a good friend, and the thing that strikes you about him is that he's all about details.''' ,'''Mini-skirts, Prada and Agnes B are for New York and L.A. Washington is more America's equivalent of Marks & Spencer.''' ,'''Nigel Farage has got some strengths. He really connects with people. He is a very good talker. I find him very affable. I would very happily buy him a beer. And I am sure he would be happy with it to.''' ,'''There is a common British delusion that we 'understand' America. We don't. Watching 'Friends' listening to Bruce Springsteen, eating at McDonald's and visiting Disneyland does not do it.''' ,'''I mostly like politicians. Very few of them are evil, although quite a lot are delusional.''' ,'''One of my American heroes is the great former U.S. diplomat George Kennan.''' ,'''Doctors, dentists and nurses commonly take out malpractice insurance to pay for lawsuits. The trend has expanded to include hairdressers, accountants, vets, sports umpires and members of the clergy, all fearful of being sued for wrongful action or advice.''' ,'''I cry at births and not at funerals.''' ,'''With Bill Clinton, his lawyers always wanted him to say nothing about the Lewinsky scandal. Defendant Clinton had the right to remain silent. But President Clinton had a completely different need - political survival. That meant, in the end, that he needed to trumpet his supposed innocence and talk publicly to the American people.''' ,'''I can be incredibly stubborn and I'm not sure how that reflects in my looks. The family name is German and translates as donkey! If I think I'm right, I hope I don't seem grumpy.''' ,'''People in the U.S. who feel they need guns or enjoy gun sports of various types, are, in other words, decent, law-abiding, generally honest members of society. Their wish to have guns should be respected.''' ,'''The skills necessary to change nappies or negotiate Brexit are obviously very different, but both involve a great deal of trust in the competence of the people doing the job.''' ,'''A Jethro Tull album was - along with Cream and Led Zeppelin - one of the first I ever bought.''' ,'''In years of interviewing presidents, prime ministers and chief executives all over the world, I can remember only a handful of times in which a leader has said: 'I don't know' in answer to a question. Perhaps everyone I have ever interviewed knows everything about everything, but I doubt it.''' ,'''The U.S. has always been an indispensable ally.''' ,'''My first day at Duddingston Primary is probably my first memory.''' ,'''The U.S. Constitution has absorbed the end of slavery, the Civil War, Civil Rights and Watergate.''' ,'''My alphabet book at Duddingston Primary, Edinburgh, began traditionally with 'a is for apple,' but when it came to 'g,' it was 'g is for gas globe.' This was in the late Fifties; there hadn't been gas globes for decades. The textbook must have been 30 or 40 years old!''' ,'''Rich, poor, white, people of colour, are all equally irreplaceable.''' ,'''As a teenager in Scotland, I had American friends, sons and daughters of officers at a U.S. Air Force base.''' ,'''I have a long connection with Kent and Canterbury and I hope to help other young men and women to achieve their ambitions through a wonderful university experience.''' ,'''There are people who appear on television who are paid for by shadowy think tanks whose financing they won't come clean about.''' ,'''I spent the first three years of my life with my parents, grandmother and two aunties in a tiny council house in Glasgow.''' ,'''I remember politicians in Northern Ireland were sometimes called 'verbal incendiarists,' as they didn't actually do anything but they said certain things. So when you hear certain politicians using nasty language, that colours our lives. It makes some other people think it's OK to racially abuse people.''' ,'''From Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos to Google and Facebook, many of America's greatest entrepreneurs, musicians, movie directors and novelists are world beaters.''' ,'''Democratic government is difficult. It is much more difficult than populists claim. It's not like running a business or a police force. It demands compromise.''' ,'''A magazine once asked my favourite beauty product and I said water.''' ,'''I never have met any heroes - except one. The exception is Ian Anderson, flute player extraordinaire, creative musical talent for more than 40 years, and the man most associated with the band Jethro Tull.''' ,'''I was going to do medicine at Edinburgh University - when I was three weeks old I nearly died, but they did an operation and I survived. It was a huge thing for my family - I was the first-born - and doctors were heroes, so I wanted to join them.''' ,'''During my childhood in the Cold War, my family saw America as a great ally in our common struggle to keep back Soviet communism.''' ,'''My father was a member of the Dunkirk Veterans Association.''' ,'''Funerals should celebrate a life.''' ,'''Ronald Reagan offered us an international vision divided between the free world and the evil empire. Even if this was a cartoonish view, it helped us make sense of everything from Star Wars to industrial policy.''' ,'''If someone appears on television and makes a comment, and we quote that comment, we are being accurate. But are we actually being sensible if we don't know if that comment is based on any facts whatsoever? It is something that journalists have to be much more aware of.''' ,'''I have my mother's nose and my father's bone structure, which I've passed on to my children. My eldest daughter and my mother, when she was young, could be sisters.''' ,'''I want to stop Brexit.''' ,'''Leaders of organisations, political parties and large businesses frequently fail to talk in a straight and entirely truthful fashion.''' ,'''I've never learned to speak a foreign language with ease.''' ,'''Let me say it up front: I don't like bad hair or capes. I'm not into witches, warlocks or elves. I would never try to claim prog rock is cool. But I love it. And I know I'm not the only one.''' ,'''There's no doubt that prog rock has an image problem: many musicians hate the label, and too many people associate it with 10-minute drum solos and the weirder bits of JRR Tolkien.''' ,'''I am the typical British aspiring working class. To be called 'elite' by people who have inherited wealth and run hedge funds or worked in the City of London, I don't criticise them for it, but the idea is frankly laughable. Just ridiculous.''' ,'''When I do look at myself, I see someone who is fundamentally optimistic. Quite a lot of what I do in my television work involves the less than pleasant aspects of human nature, yet I'm never pessimistic.''' ,'''Privacy is dead. We live in a world of instantaneous, globalised gossip. The idea that there is a 'private' sphere and a 'public' sphere for world leaders, politicians or anyone in the public eye is slowly disintegrating. The death of privacy will have a profound effect on who our leaders will be in the future.''' ,'''In the 2016 U.S. presidential election, celebrity endorsements possibly damaged Hillary Clinton, since they allowed Donald Trump to emphasise that she was part of an out-of-touch elite. That is ironic, given that Mr Trump owed his election victory to his own celebrity status on a TV reality show.''' ,'''A British politician who cloaks himself in the mantle of God is immediately regarded with suspicion.''' ,'''Donald Trump's tweets attract ridicule from some. But clearly they communicate effectively with his millions of supporters.''' ,'''Grits really are food for the soul.''' ,'''Nobody is infallible, but it is important to have trusted guides when it comes to information.''' ,'''I feel very fragile cycling in London, whereas in Berlin there are proper cycle paths everywhere.''' ,'''Maybe because I've worked in the BBC for so long I am completely allergic to meetings.''' ,'''I did modern English and American literature at Kent University, with no Chaucer and no Middle English: a perfect course.''' ,'''For me, prog rock has always been essentially British. It combines all our great and eccentric genius. We are not hung up on categories, rules and classification. We love people who break the mould, challenge us and make us think differently.''' ,'''Maybe I should declare a bias. I like Americans. Always have. Always will.''' ,]
+++