+++
author = "Princess Stephanie Of Monaco"
title = "Princess Stephanie Of Monaco Quotes"
quotes_len = "54"
description = "the best 54 Princess Stephanie Of Monaco Quotes"
keywords = "princess stephanie of monaco,princess stephanie of monaco quotes,princess stephanie of monaco quote,princess stephanie of monaco sayings,princess stephanie of monaco saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'd like people to understand that I can be friends with people. Just friends.''' ,'''I've always been interested in clothes, from as early as I can remember.''' ,'''My all-time hero is Tina Turner. Her energy, her attitude, her shows. She's just a great performer.''' ,'''It's hard to see a certain type of press try to destroy your life.''' ,'''Circus is what real life should be like. It's sincerity, feeling, emotions. All real. There are no lies in circus. There are artists working together to give a smile. It's a world where people help one another. It's the only show where a family, everyone from children to their grandmothers, can sit together and all be entertained by the same thing.''' ,'''You can't stigmatize people, you can't cut away people you admire just because they suffer AIDS. It's just not right.''' ,'''You have to help people who are living with AIDS. Help them to live as dignified a life as they can.''' ,'''I got sick of modeling and I was afraid of getting overexposed.''' ,'''The circus was born with animals, horses at the start. This is part of our cultural heritage. It's a whole, with clowns and acrobats.''' ,'''My whole life has been nothing but tremendous doubt.''' ,'''Animals are the traditional circus. It's what people remember from their childhood.''' ,'''I love my fragrance like I love my records. My perfume is myself.''' ,'''Asian elephants have always worked with people and they like company.''' ,'''Nobody can imagine how much I've suffered.''' ,'''I used to love playing paper dolls with my mother - she would cut them out and I would dress the dolls.''' ,'''Every mother in the world knows this feeling one day... of emptiness, a time comes where you feel a little less useful because you're no longer running left and right. Life no longer has the same rhythm.''' ,'''I don't live the life of a star.''' ,'''I feel I must have been an elephant in a former life. I love the sensitivity and peaceful force of these creatures.''' ,'''I want to keep fit. I don't want to become a wreck.''' ,'''We try never to have pictures of our children in the magazines, because there are strange people out there. But the paparazzi try to steal pictures.''' ,'''Not all circus animals are unhappy.''' ,'''My choices and my decisions belong to me. I even accept my errors.''' ,'''The truth is that I'm a very down-to-earth person. I've been called a brat but that's an insult to my parents. They didn't raise a brat. I'm not an immature, insensitive person.''' ,'''My mother always told me I would be an artist.''' ,'''The fight against AIDS and the fight for the emancipation of women go hand-in-hand.''' ,'''I was always the headstrong child in the family. My mother and father called me a rebel at 2 years old. But they always accepted me as an individual.''' ,'''If you have 20,000 people and they like you, they give you their support, that's so gratifying.''' ,'''My mother sang very well. She proved this in her film 'High Society.'''' ,'''I live a normal life. A quiet life.''' ,'''I don't have the desires of a spoiled child. I never did.''' ,'''Being a mother is the only true meaning in my life. It's everything.''' ,'''The most important thing is to feel happy with what you yourself decided.''' ,'''I never thought I could sing, but apparently I can.''' ,'''You ask people, 'What is the circus?' They'll say, 'Animals, clowns and acrobats!' That's what people want. If you say you don't have animals, they walk away.''' ,'''My sister and brother and I grew up speaking both languages - French to our father and English to our mother. But when we three kids are talking to each other, we use English.''' ,'''You have a place in this world. You have to find it.''' ,'''My father's a very busy man.''' ,'''My mom was my best friend.''' ,'''It's hard growing up in the limelight. People invent stories. They call me a man-eater. An innocent date with a friend becomes a major scandal.''' ,'''I don't see myself as a rebel. Of course, it all depends on what you consider normal.''' ,'''I prefer adventure to comfort.''' ,'''People imagine that everything is easy when you're a princess, but we're still human beings. Some of my friends don't want to go out with me anymore - to go to a restaurant, I have to use a different door.''' ,'''When you see the numbers who come to the circus, you understand that we don't get that by abusing animals.''' ,'''I've been in the spotlight since the day I was born.''' ,'''I am delighted to be an artist and follow in my mother's footsteps, even though I know I am not allowed to make a single mistake.''' ,'''I'm just a normal person made of flesh and blood like anybody.''' ,'''My relationship with Pauline is special. She knows I will always be there to hold her hand. We have the same expressions and gestures. I tell her sometimes, 'you are my mini me.'''' ,'''With my songs and music, it's a way of sharing things with people that really have to do with me.''' ,'''I'm quite happy to perform my official duties. But on the other hand, I've always wanted to be independent and to have my own career.''' ,'''I've had an unusual career path for a princess.''' ,'''When you do something in your life and you know it's going to work, you have to be optimistic.''' ,'''Nobody has really tried to understand me or my behaviour, which just reflected my decision to enjoy life to the full.''' ,'''Circus is the magic you should show your children.''' ,'''If the media want to talk about my life, at least now maybe they'll also say I'm a singer.''' ,]
+++