+++
author = "Emmerson Mnangagwa"
title = "Emmerson Mnangagwa Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Emmerson Mnangagwa Quotes"
keywords = "emmerson mnangagwa,emmerson mnangagwa quotes,emmerson mnangagwa quote,emmerson mnangagwa sayings,emmerson mnangagwa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was with the former president for over 54 years. I don't regret that; I feel very proud. It was necessary. It is history. Each step where we worked together was a privilege, and in terms of history, that was necessary.''' ,'''I wish to be clear: all foreign investments will be safe in Zimbabwe.''' ,'''We must allow people to agitate for whatever they want. They must be allowed to campaign for their views.''' ,'''We should never remain hostages of our past.''' ,'''Government is a collective unity. There is no decision by cabinet which can be attributed to one individual.''' ,'''You know the trait of a crocodile, don't you? It never hunts outside water. It always goes into the water to catch its prey. It never goes in the villages or in the bush looking for food. It strikes at the appropriate time. So a good guerrilla leader strikes at the appropriate time.''' ,'''Capital goes where it feels comfortable and warm, and if it's cold, it runs to a country which gives it better weather.''' ,'''I see myself a humble man, and I tell you I have no ambitions to be president.''' ,'''It's the duty of any government: where there is disregard of the law, that law and order must be instituted.''' ,'''We work together. No one is more important than the other. We are all Zimbabweans. We want to grow our economy. We want peace in our country.''' ,'''Zanu-PF is a sacred party. It will rule and rule. Those barking will continue doing that while Zanu-PF remains in power.''' ,'''The people's voice, as I say, is the voice of God.''' ,]
+++