+++
author = "Marco Rubio"
title = "Marco Rubio Quotes"
quotes_len = "271"
description = "the best 271 Marco Rubio Quotes"
keywords = "marco rubio,marco rubio quotes,marco rubio quote,marco rubio sayings,marco rubio saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We live in a society obsessed with public opinion. But leadership has never been about popularity.''' ,'''There's a lot of work to be done if you're going to run for president or if you're going to run for re-election in a state as big as Florida.''' ,'''I think parents should be able to teach their kids what their faith says, what science says.''' ,'''My parents were just as smart as I am, just as hard working if not harder; I think my father and grandfather were probably better men, yet I've been able to accomplish things professionally that they were not able to.''' ,'''A sense that with the blessings that God bestowed upon this land, came the responsibility to make the world a better place.''' ,'''I have never voted for a tax increase.''' ,'''The conservative movement is about government playing its important yet limited role, and about not falling into the trap of believing that every problem has an exclusive government answer for it.''' ,'''Leadership can not be measured in a poll or even in the result of an election. It can only be truly seen with the benefit of time. From the perspective of 20 years, not 20 days.''' ,'''I tell people all the time that I was born and raised in Ronald Reagan's America.''' ,'''In so many ways, a lot of the drive I've had to do certain things has been because of this sense that I have both the opportunity and in some sense the obligation to ratify that my parents' life had purpose.''' ,'''We can not continue to allow this over reliance on government to replace the cornerstone institution that has made the American experience possible.''' ,'''You know who a complicated tax code kills? The guy or gal trying to start a business out of the spare bedroom of their home. So we've got to simplify our tax code.''' ,'''Big government doesn't help the middle class, it buries it.''' ,'''We should be the pro-legal immigration party. A party that has a positive platform and agenda on how we can create a legal immigration system that works for immigrants and works for America.''' ,'''More government isn't going to help you get ahead. It's going to hold you back. More government isn't going to create more opportunities. It's going to limit them.''' ,'''What happens across the planet can have a greater impact on your family than what happens down the street.''' ,'''We need to have a regulatory budget in America that limits the amount of regulations on our economy. We need to repeal and replace Obamacare, and we need to improve higher education so that people can have access to the skills they need for 21st century jobs.''' ,'''You cannot give up on the American dream. We cannot allow our fears and our disappointments to lead us into silence and into inaction.''' ,'''While Ebola's deadly reach has proven to be a complex and unique international challenge, the many uncertainties surrounding this virus continue to threaten U.S. national security.''' ,'''Ronald Reagan's era can be defined, number one in most people's minds, by the Cold War and by the end of it - and by the strong principles he stood for.''' ,'''My job in the Senate is not just to give speeches and do interviews, it's to solve problems.''' ,'''So the majority of Americans are conservatives. They believe in things like the Constitution. I know that's weird to some people but they believe in it.''' ,'''This is the only country in the world where today's employee, is tomorrow's employer.''' ,'''I believe God has blessed our country. This country has been extraordinarily blessed. And we have honored that blessing. And that's why God has continued to bless us.''' ,'''I support people making more than $9. I want people to make as much as they can.''' ,'''Bernie Sanders is a socialist. I think Bernie Sanders is good candidate for president of Sweden. We don't want to be Sweden. We want to be the United States of America.''' ,'''It's easier to sell cotton candy than it is to sell broccoli to somebody, but the broccoli is better for you, and the same thing with a limited government.''' ,'''We are not going to round up and deport 12 million people, but we're not going to hand out citizenship cards, either. There will be a process. We will see what the American people are willing to support. But it will not be unconstitutional executive orders like the ones Barack Obama has forced on us.''' ,'''America is not perfect. It took a bloody civil war to free over 4 million African Americans who lived enslaved. It took another hundred years after that before they achieved full equality under the law.''' ,'''Every single one of us is the descendant of a go-getter. Of dreamers and of believers.''' ,'''But America was founded on the principle that every person has God-given rights. That power belongs to the people. That government exists to protect our rights and serve our interests. That we shouldn't be trapped in the circumstances of our birth. That we should be free to go as far as our talents and work can take us.''' ,'''Supporting the definition of marriage as one man and one woman is not anti-gay: it is pro-traditional marriage. And if support for traditional marriage is bigotry, then Barack Obama was a bigot until just before the 2012 election.''' ,'''I feel bad for the kids that are in school right now and the young people all across America who don't realize that the grownups who are supposed to be running this country are the verge of leaving them as the first generation of Americans worse off than the generation before.''' ,'''The reason why I'm here today is to explain why I am running and what I will do if you give me the honor and the privilege of representing you in the United States Senate. Now I'm running for the United State Senate for a simple reason, and that is... I want to win a Nobel Peace prize.''' ,'''They made it to the middle class, my dad working as a bartender and my mother as a cashier and a maid. I didn't inherit any money from them. But I inherited something far better - the real opportunity to accomplish my dreams.''' ,'''People forget how dominant Public Enemy became in the mid '80s. No one talks about how transformative they were. And then that led to the '90s and the sort of East Coast v. West Coast stuff, which is kinda when I came of age.''' ,'''We need to repeal and replace Dodd-Frank. We need to make America fair again for all businesses, but especially those being run by small business owners.''' ,'''My mother was one of seven girls whose parents went to bed hungry so their children wouldn't. My father lost his mother when he was nine. He left school and went to work for the next 70 years. They emigrated to America with little more than the hope of a better life.''' ,'''But here's what I would tell people of my generation. I turn 40 this year. There isn't going to be a Social Security. There isn't going to be a Medicare when you retire. Forget about what your benefit is going to look like. There isn't going to be one if we don't make some reforms to save that program now.''' ,'''I would say to you that Americans of Hispanic descent want desperately to give their children the chances they never had.''' ,'''I think there are many in the Democratic Party that want immigration to be unsolved issue at least for the time being, because it's more useful as a campaign issue than it is as a solved issue.''' ,'''Despite our differences, I know that both Republicans and Democrats love America.''' ,'''And I believe only with a strong America will we defeat this radical group, this apocalyptic group called ISIS. That's why when I'm president we are going to rebuild our intelligence capabilities. And they're going to tell us where the terrorists are. And a rebuilt U.S. military is going to destroy these terrorists.''' ,'''We focus so much on how immigrants can change America that we forget that America has always changed immigrants even more.''' ,'''When I am president of the United States of America, there will never be any cap-and-trade in the United States.''' ,'''I am the son and grandson of immigrants. And I know that securing our borders is not anti-immigrant and we will do it.''' ,'''Americans believe in the value of immigration. We are the most generous nation on earth to immigrants, allowing over one million people a year to come here legally.''' ,'''As I've learned in my time in the state legislature, important legislation is always a work in progress.''' ,'''I think there are some in the Democratic Party - not all - but I think there are some people in the Democratic Party that think that the immigration issue is more valuable to them unsolved. That it gives them something to talk about, that they can go back to Hispanic communities and make unrealistic promises every two years and win votes.''' ,'''One of the reasons people feel so alienated from the American political process is in the fights we get in here in Washington, no one's ever talking about them and the challenges they're going through.''' ,'''There's a great documentary on Tupac called 'Resurrection' about the last few years of Tupac's life and how he transformed. And, ironically, how this East Coast rapper became this West Coast icon, back when all that Death Row/Sean Combs stuff was going on.''' ,'''The vast majority of the American people are hard-working taxpayers who take responsibility for their families, go to work every day, they pay their mortgage on time, they volunteer in their community.''' ,'''We've had hurricanes in Florida forever. And the question is, 'What do we do about the fact that we have built expensive structures, real estate and population centers, near those vulnerable areas?'''' ,'''The breakdown of the American family's having a disastrous impact on our economy.''' ,'''You know what the fastest growing religion in America is? Statism. The growing reliance on government.''' ,'''With unemployment still abysmally high, the Obama economy is crushing Hispanics' dreams for their children to live a better life.''' ,'''That thought process that somehow other people have to be worse off in order for you to be better off does not work. People get on boats people jump fences to get away from that kind of thought process.''' ,'''We don't need new taxes. We need new taxpayers, people that are gainfully employed, making money and paying into the tax system. And then we need a government that has the discipline to take that additional revenue and use it to pay down the debt and never grow it again.''' ,'''No community values entrepreneurship and small business more than the Hispanic community.''' ,'''I always tell people I'm running against two Democrats, one that admits it and one that does not.''' ,'''Regulation is necessary to protect our natural environment, keep our food and medicine safe, and ensure fair competition and fair treatment of our workers.''' ,'''People end up fleeing countries who adopt economic policies based on these flawed principles. And more often than not, they come here.''' ,'''When was the last time you heard news accounts of a boatload of American refugees arrive on the shores of another country?''' ,'''My question becomes, 'If we want to empower people with higher pay, there are probably better ways to do it that are more enduring than simply a federal mandate on wage level.'''' ,'''Our national motto is 'In God we Trust,' reminding us that faith in our Creator is the most important American value of all.''' ,'''To tackle the big and relevant issues of the day with bold and innovative ideas is without question the most rewarding way to serve.''' ,'''The American Dream is a term that is often used but also often misunderstood. It isn't really about becoming rich or famous. It is about things much simpler and more fundamental than that.''' ,'''The immigration issue is a gateway issue for Hispanics, no doubt about it.''' ,'''The science is settled; it's not even a consensus, it is a unanimity that human life begins at conception.''' ,'''These terrorists aren't trying to kill us because we offended them. They attack us because they want to impose their view of the world on as many people as they can, and America is standing in their way.''' ,'''I think Tupac was more someone who was trying to inform us about what was going on, and he did it through entertainment.''' ,'''What is the conservative movement? It's pretty straightforward. We believe that the way prosperity is created is when people have the freedom and the opportunity to pursue their dreams.''' ,'''The primary goal of the War on Terror is to prevent an attack from happening.''' ,'''I think there is a real misunderstanding about what the Tea Party movement is. The Tea Party movement is a sentiment in America that government is broken - both parties are to blame - and if we don't do something soon, this exceptional country will be lost, and it will become just like everybody else.''' ,'''We need to even out the tax code for small businesses so that we lower their tax rate to 25 percent, just as we need to lower it for all businesses.''' ,'''I know America's great not because I read about it in a book but because I've seen it with my own eyes.''' ,'''We're special because dreams that are impossible anywhere else, come true here. That's not just my story. That's your story. That's our story.''' ,'''What I have advocated is that we pass law in this country that says all human life at every stage of its development is worthy of protection. In fact, I think that law already exists. It is called the Constitution of the United States.''' ,'''Anyone who doesn't agree with the Left's approach to immigration oftentimes gets stigmatized as anti-immigrant or anti-Hispanic.''' ,'''The vast majority of a significant portion of Americans of Hispanic descent will vote - happen to be working class people who are desperate to not only achieve the American dream but leave their kids better off than themselves.''' ,'''At its core, conservatism is not an anti-government movement, and it's not a no-government movement.''' ,'''You cannot go to someone who is 65 or 70 years of age and tell 'em, 'This program that you retired relying on is now being pulled out from underneath you.'''' ,'''The No. 1 issue in the Hispanic American community is 'How do I leave my children better off than myself?''' ,'''We have a government that borrows $4 billion a day. We have a government that owes trillions of dollars in debt, half of that to foreigners, most of that to Chinese investors. I don't - that is extreme. Not only is it extreme. It's insane and it's unsustainable.''' ,'''There has never been a moment when faith hasn't been an important part of my life. There have been moments when I've been more alive in my faith than others. There have been times when I've been more involved in my faith, dedicating more to it, and giving it more importance.''' ,'''The greatest thing that we can do for the world is be America.''' ,'''Both of my parents were born into poor families on the island of Cuba. They came to America because it was the only place where people like them could have a chance.''' ,'''I'm going to be working the next 25 or 30 years. People like me, if we want, number one, for no benefit reductions for our parents and our grandparents, number two, for the system to survive and exist for us, and, more importantly, number three, for the system to exist for us children, we are going to have to make reforms to that system.''' ,'''And when I'm president, I can tell you this, my faith will not just influence the way I'll govern as president, it will influence the way I live my life. Because in the end, my goal is not simply to live on this earth for 80 years, but to live an eternity with my creator. And I will always allow my faith to influence everything I do.''' ,'''No one is in favor of a bill that would force American citizens to have to interact with law enforcement in a way that wasn't appropriate.''' ,'''First of all, let me just say what's interesting about American politics is that if things really get bad here, people say nasty things about you. From a global perspective, if politics get bad, you die, so let's just keep some perspective here.''' ,'''And I can tell you that history will back up what I'm about to say and that is that there is no government run by conservatives, Republicans, put whoever you want there, if you give government the opportunity to spend more money than it has, it will do it. It will do it every time.''' ,'''But let me tell you what happens when regulations go too far, when they seem to exist only for the purpose of justifying the existence of a regulator. It kills the people trying to start a business.''' ,'''For those who aspire to live in a high cost, high tax, big government place, our nation and the world offers plenty of options. Vermont, Canada and Venezuela all offer you the opportunity to live in the socialist, big government paradise you long for.''' ,'''I am not now, nor will I ever be, a candidate for offensive coordinator of Iowa.''' ,'''Even today with the problems that we face, who would you rather be? Which country would you trade places with?''' ,'''If I were running to be somebody, there are a lot of easier sombodies to be. After all, running against the incumbent governor of your own party in your home state is not the next logical step in a political life.''' ,'''For most of history, almost everyone was poor. Power and wealth belonged to only a few.''' ,'''And so, whether they came here on the Mayflower, on a slave ship, or on an airplane from Havana, we are all descendants of the men and women who built here the nation that saved the world.''' ,'''This opportunity - to make it to the middle class or beyond no matter where you start out in life - it isn't bestowed on us from Washington. It comes from a vibrant free economy where people can risk their own money to open a business.''' ,'''I'm theologically in line with the Roman Catholic Church. I believe in the authority of the church, but I also have tremendous respect for my brothers and sisters in other Christian faiths.''' ,'''Here in America, those who once had no hope will give their kids the chance at a life they always wanted for themselves. Here in America, generations of unfulfilled dreams will finally come to pass.''' ,'''I am troubled that sometimes in our political discourse we spend all of our time focused on the challenges of the next century rather than on the opportunities of the new century.''' ,'''The State of the Union address is always a reminder of how unique America is.''' ,'''I'm proud of the fact that the Republican Party is the pro-life party on the issue of life.''' ,'''The key to a vibrant middle class is an abundance of jobs that pay enough so that workers can provide for themselves and their families, enjoy leisure time, save for retirement and pay for their children's education so they can grow up and earn even more than their parents.''' ,'''I think the age of the universe has zero to do with how our economy is going to grow.''' ,'''Let's stop talking about new taxes and start talking about creating new taxpayers, which basically means jobs.''' ,'''The loans I took out for my undergraduate degree were manageable. But my legal education was more expensive, and I paid for it almost entirely through public and private loans.''' ,'''The Hispanic community understands the American Dream and have not forgotten what they were promised - that in the U.S., a free market system, allows us all to succeed economically, achieve stability and security for your family and leave your children better off than yourselves.''' ,'''Leaders at the highest levels of our government are undertaking a deliberate and systematic effort to redefine our government, our economy and our country.''' ,'''You know that big government doesn't hurt big corporations. They've got the best lawyers and accountants in the world. You know who gets destroyed by big government? It's the little guys.''' ,'''Our problem with President Obama isn't that he's a bad person. By all accounts, he too is a good husband, and a good father - and thanks to lots of practice, a pretty good golfer.''' ,'''The Obama Administration's obsession with forcing mandates on the American people has now reached a new low by violating the conscience rights and religious liberties of our people.''' ,'''For most of my life, I've been in a hurry.''' ,'''There's no doubt that when the Republican Party took over in 1994, the 'Contract with America' was an opportunity to implement some things - like welfare reform and some of the other initiatives. Then, it kind of lost its steam.''' ,'''In 1980, I watched my first Republican convention with my grandfather.''' ,'''Here we will solve with laws and dollars, problems that too many people around the world still must solve with violence and civil war.''' ,'''Amnesty is the forgiveness of something. Amnesty is anything that says, 'Do it illegally, it will be cheaper and easier.'''' ,'''We've never been people that go around and confront people that have been financially successful and say, 'We hate you. We envy you because of how well you're doing.'''' ,'''You cannot grant amnesty. If the American people see us granting amnesty they will never again believe in legal immigration. They will never again support it, and that's wrong for our country, bad for our future.''' ,'''The U.S. Senate already has one Arlen Specter too many.''' ,'''I thought the best way to topple Assad was not through airstrikes, but through equipping the moderate rebel elements.''' ,'''And that is that we have never been: a nation of haves and have-nots. We are a nation of haves and soon-to-haves, of people who have made it and people who will make it. And that's who we need to remain.''' ,'''A lot of bad things happen in lame duck sessions.''' ,'''The second truism that we must understand is that poverty does not create our social problems, our social problems create our poverty.''' ,'''And yet, there are still people in American politics who, for some reason, cling to this belief that America is better off adopting the economic policies of nations whose people who immigrate here from there.''' ,'''Americans believe with all their heart, the vast majority of them, and the vast majority of Floridians, that the United States of America is simply the single greatest nation in all of human history.''' ,'''I'm a big believer in family-based immigration.''' ,'''Everything that I will ever accomplish, I owe to God, to my parent's sacrifices, and to the United States of America.''' ,'''For many of us who were born and raised in this country, including me, it's sometimes easy to forget how special America really is.''' ,'''I would love nothing more than compromise. But I would say to you that compromise that's not a solution is a waste of time.''' ,'''The Democrats never fight about who is more like Jimmy Carter.''' ,'''Our leaders have to stop ignoring the impact that culture is having on our nation.''' ,'''No economic system is perfect. But the American Free Enterprise system has empowered millions of people in the past. I know, because I saw it with my own eyes.''' ,'''Raising taxes won't create private sector jobs.''' ,'''But since her earliest days, America has inspired people from all over the world. Inspired them with the hope that one day their own countries would be one like this one.''' ,'''Under this president, we have a government that has grown too big, too costly and now even more overbearing by forcing religious entities to abandon their beliefs.''' ,'''My mother desperately wanted to give her kids a wholesome environment, and we were born into a traditional Catholic family.''' ,'''Americans chose a free enterprise system designed to provide a quality of opportunity, not compel a quality of results. And that is why this is only place in the world where you can open up a business in the spare bedroom of your home.''' ,'''I believe with all my heart that God is not done with America yet.''' ,'''Just because you have opposition doesn't make you a great leader.''' ,'''I think the best thing that can happen to the Republican Party is that it is identified as a party organized around a set of principles, ideals and ideas for our future.''' ,'''I do not believe that we have to destroy our economy in order to protect our environment. And especially what these programs are asking us to pass that will do nothing to help the environment, but will be devastating for our economy.''' ,'''Let us agree here today to adopt among ourselves a simple and unwritten rule. We will not rise to criticize someone else's idea unless we are prepared to offer an alternative idea of our own.''' ,'''A lot of factors go into choosing a vice-presidential nominee.''' ,'''Americans chose a limited government that exists to protect our rights, not to grant them.''' ,'''Presidents in both parties - from John F. Kennedy to Ronald Reagan - have known that our free-enterprise economy is the source of our middle-class prosperity.''' ,'''I think the private sector for the most part, the vast majority of employers in America, they wake up in the morning, and they have a bottom line. This is how much they make, this is how much their expenses are; they certainly need to break even just to stay in business, and they need to make a profit in order to survive long-term.''' ,'''One way to make health care more affordable is a Flexible Savings Account that allows families to save tax free money to pay for medical bills.''' ,'''I traveled the state of Florida for two years campaigning. I have never met a job creator who told me that they were waiting for the next tax increase before they started growing their business. I've never met a single job creator who's ever said to me I can't wait until government raises taxes again so I can go out and create a job.''' ,'''No matter where I go or what title I may achieve, I will always be the son of exiles.''' ,'''The way to turn our economy around is not by making rich people poorer, it's by making poor people richer.''' ,'''We don't need a new idea; the idea is called America, and it still works.''' ,'''I don't really like labels in politics, but I will gladly accept the label of conservatism.''' ,'''Our climate is always changing.''' ,'''God has blessed me with the opportunity to be an American son.''' ,'''How come liberals never admit that they're liberal? They've now come up with a new word called 'progressive,' which I thought was an insurance company but apparently it's a label.''' ,'''My Dad used to tell us: 'En este pais, ustedes van a poder lograr todas las cosas que nosotros no pudimos' 'In this country, you will be able to accomplish all the things we never could.'''' ,'''I've seen how the left has used it to accuse opponents of their version of reform of being bigots and racists.''' ,'''Some unifying principles bind all Christians: that God became a man and died for our sins, and that without that sacrifice, all of us would be doomed.''' ,'''My first job paid well for a young attorney. I was making over $50,000, which was more than either of my parents had ever made. I thought I was rich.''' ,'''The Second Amendment is a constitutional right. I didn't make it up, the Republican Party didn't make it up. It's in the Constitution. I think it's just as important as any of the other rights in our constitution.''' ,'''The more science learns, the more I'm convinced that God is real.''' ,'''When I am the president of the United States of America, we don't know who you are, and we don't know why you're trying to come to the United States, you are not going to get in, because the radical threat that we now face from ISIS is extraordinary and unprecedented and when I'm president, we are keeping ISIS out of America.''' ,'''The president we have today is a typical Washington politician that's prone to hyperbole and decisiveness and false outrage. And I think it's very sad - very sad to watch.''' ,'''I'm blessed to represent Florida in the United States Senate.''' ,'''I think the United States military is operating under rules of engagement that are too strict and that do not allow us to pursue victory. When I'm president, that will change.''' ,'''A better way to help American companies compete against competitors abroad is to remove all series and myriad of obstacles they face in America, whether it's union rules in some states or massive amounts of regulation imposed upon them, one of the most expensive combined corporate tax rates on the planet.''' ,'''The free enterprise system does not leave people behind.''' ,'''We have a legal immigration system that's outdated, it's primarily based on whether you have family members living here. In the 21st century, it has to be more of a merit-based system, and that is why our legal immigration system is in need of modernization.''' ,'''Conservatism has always been about reforming government and solving problems, and that's why the conservative movement should lead on immigration reform.''' ,'''God is everywhere.''' ,'''Barack Obama doesn't believe in free enterprise. He's never going to admit it. For instance, he's never going to come straight out and say, 'If you own a business you didn't build it.' Alright, maybe he will.''' ,'''Barack Obama wants to change America. Barack Obama wants America to be more like the rest of the world. We don't want to be like the rest of the world. We want to be the United States of America.''' ,'''Hope and Change has become Divide and Conquer.''' ,'''Politically, foreign policy never matters until it matters, and then it matters a lot.''' ,'''Climate is always evolving, and natural disaster have always existed.''' ,'''If you're the cashier at Burger King, of course you make less than the manager or even the CEO. The issue is whether you're stuck being a cashier for the rest of your life.''' ,'''Ultimately, your economy has to be measured in the real eyes of real people, not simply in statistics that appear in newspapers about the unemployment rate and so forth.''' ,'''Never has the political class or the mainstream media that covers them been more out of touch with the American people than they are today.''' ,'''There's never been a nation like the United States, ever. It begins with the principles of our founding documents, principles that recognize that our rights come from God, not from our government.''' ,'''We can't stop talking about the importance of our values and our culture. We can't stop talking about them because the moral well-being of our people is directly linked to their economic well-being.''' ,'''We cannot allow our fears and our disappointments to lead us into silence and into inaction. Because this country that God has blessed us with, it is worth fighting for.''' ,'''We chose more freedom instead of more government. We chose the principles of our founding to solve the challenges of our time. We chose a special man to lead us in a special time. We chose Mitt Romney to lead our nation.''' ,'''We are special because we've been united not by a common race or ethnicity. We're bound together by common values. That family is the most important institution in society. That almighty God is the source of all we have.''' ,'''I am privileged to be a citizen of the single greatest society in all of human history.''' ,'''But those who believe that what our people desire is big government are living in a state of delusion.''' ,'''We need transparency in government spending. We need to put each government expenditure online so every Floridian can see where their tax money is being spent.''' ,'''You cannot do anything without God. It's a profound and elemental truth. Not, you cannot do most things without God. You will not be able to do anything that you want, truly, in fulfillment, without God.''' ,'''People buy into my agenda. I don't buy into anyone's agenda.''' ,'''It's impossible to walk a block in Miami, in Los Angeles, San Antonio without running into someone who is being deeply impacted by a broken legal immigration system.''' ,'''Now, look, it's true, Americans do want leaders that will come to Washington, D.C. and work together to get things done, but that comes with a very important caveat, it depends what they're trying to do.''' ,'''Obamacare's a disaster. But the answer is not to simply return to the way things were before. The answer is to repeal and replace Obamacare with modern, market-centered reforms.''' ,'''We have a lot of thoughtful people in the U.S. Senate.''' ,'''Conservatives aren't anti-immigrant - conservatives are pro-legal immigration.''' ,'''All presidents get frustrated with Congress.''' ,'''The problem is that we are trying to prepare people for the new economy using a higher education system built for the old economy. As a result, many high-skilled, high-paying industries suffer from a shortage of labor, while too many low-paying industries suffer from a surplus.''' ,'''When I'm president of the United States, we're going to have a VA that cares more about our veterans than about the bureaucrats who work at the VA.''' ,'''Minimum wage laws have never worked in terms of having the middle class attain more prosperity.''' ,'''I believe that if you want to be president of the United States, you run for president. You don't run for president with some eject button in the cockpit that allows you to go on an exit ramp if it doesn't work out.''' ,'''If we want to save our country, we must all realize that the breakdown of our culture is trapping millions of people in a cycle of poverty and dependence, and together, we have to do something about it.''' ,'''Big government helps the people who have made it. It doesn't help the people who are trying to make it; it crushes the people who are trying to make it.''' ,'''Criminals don't care what the law is.''' ,'''Unfortunately, President Obama's failed policies of new regulations, higher taxes, and Obamacare and his anti-business rhetoric have hit Hispanics especially hard. Big government really hurts those who are trying to make it.''' ,'''Do not be afraid to offer ideas that draw opposition. Remember, if no one is against your idea, then your idea probably doesn't do anything.''' ,'''I believe Jesus Christ is God. I believe He loves every single human being that has ever lived, no matter what they have done, even if they don't believe in Him.''' ,'''In America you have the right to worship any way you choose. That's why virtually every faith and every denomination on Earth has a presence in our land. You have a right to not believe in God at all.''' ,'''We are all children of a powerful and great God. Of a God who isn't always going to end - things are not always going to end up the way you want them. His will is not always going to be yours.''' ,'''I am prepared to discuss the things that I believe we need to do not just to raise the debt limit. Raising the debt limit is the easiest thing. That's one vote away. The hard thing is to show the world we are serious about putting our spending in order so we can show people we'll able to pay our bills down the road.''' ,'''We Americans are as great as we have ever been. But our government is broken.''' ,'''Whether the earth was created in seven days or seven actual eras, I'm not sure we'll ever be able to answer that. It's one of the great mysteries.''' ,'''I pinch myself because of the understanding that I've been blessed with a real rare opportunity that few Americans ever get - to serve their government and their people at this level.''' ,'''Unlike any other leader in modern American history, we are led today by a president that has decided to pit Americans against each other.''' ,'''2010 is not just a choice between Republicans and Democrats. 2010 is not just a choice between liberals and conservatives. 2010 is a referendum on the very identity of our nation.''' ,'''Mitt Romney understands free enterprise, he has worked in it. He has seen companies succeed and he has seen them fail, too. He knows what people think about when they invest their money.''' ,'''When you talk about entitlement programs, it's not just about - it's not about cutting those programs. It is about saving those programs. Those programs are on a path of fiscal unsustainability.''' ,'''Mitt Romney will stop the attacks on job creators, encourage entrepreneurs to chase their dreams, and bring good jobs and a better future to all Americans.''' ,'''Thousands of years of human history have shown that the ideal setting for children to grow up is with a mother and a father committed to one another, living together, and sharing the responsibility of raising their children.''' ,'''There are millions of women who are trapped in lower-paying jobs and don't have the skills for a higher-paying job, and don't have the money or the time to access the higher education that they need for a better job.''' ,'''Mitt Romney knows America's prosperity didn't happen because our government simply spent more. It happened because our people used their own money to open a business.''' ,'''There is a majority of scientists that say that global carbon emissions by humans causes some changes in the climate.''' ,'''A key part of your sovereignty is the ability to control the influx and outflow of your people and is the ability to secure your border.''' ,'''Let's stop big government energy mandates like cap-and-trade, and instead trust the American innovator to make us energy independent.''' ,'''My parents were working class folks. My dad was a bartender for most of his life, my mom was a maid and a cashier and a stock clerk at WalMart. We were not people of financial means in terms of significant financial means. I always told them, 'I didn't always have what I wanted. I always had what I needed.' My parents always provided that.''' ,'''People have a right to be a Democrat. People have a right to be wrong. I know they're the same thing.''' ,'''Che Guevara was a racist.''' ,'''The Democrats have invested a lot of time in telling struggling Americans that Republicans or anyone who doesn't agree with their agenda doesn't care about people who are struggling.''' ,'''You know those movies where the people in the audience are screaming, 'Don't go in that door!' because you know the killer is there? Well, it is the same thing with this debt. We know how this ends.''' ,'''Of course there are critics who believe that no matter what we do, the Florida dream is over. They claim that we must accept the idea that inevitably our future is one of high taxes and big government.''' ,'''If you know the only way to lose your seat is to get out-conservatived in a primary, you'll never let anyone get to your right.''' ,'''We have built a government so large and so expensive here in Washington that not even the richest economy in the history of mankind can afford it. That's how big it's gotten.''' ,'''I run for president because I believe that we can't just save the American dream; we can expand it to reach more people and change more lives than ever before.''' ,'''Our people want jobs. They don't want a safety net as a way of life.''' ,'''And if we capture any of these ISIS killers alive, they are going to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and we're going to find out everything they know, because when I'm president, unlike Barack Obama, we will keep this country safe.''' ,'''From tea parties to the election in Massachusetts, we are witnessing the single greatest political pushback in American history.''' ,'''It has become starkly apparent to me that we lack any sort of strategic foreign policy view, and when I say 'we,' I mean the country in general, but in particular, the Republican Party.''' ,'''If someone knows of a job creator anywhere in the world that's looking for a high, complex tax environment or looking for a high regulatory environment, I would like to meet them because I have yet to meet a job creator that's looking for that, and that's what we have.''' ,'''There is a role for government, but no matter how much money the government spends, it will never be able to take the place of parents and strong families.''' ,'''Free enterprise makes people prosperous, all people prosperous, and big government makes people poorer.''' ,'''I've always viewed politics the following way: if you do a good job at the job you're doing, you'll have opportunities to do other things in the future. Maybe things you never envisioned.''' ,'''The Dream Act as it's been written originally is too broad, to be honest. It basically would apply to too many people.''' ,'''The poverty found in rural areas has some characteristics that are very different from the poverty found in inner cities.''' ,'''We need to make sure our government programs encourage work, not dependence.''' ,'''I know in the past Republicans have agreed to minimum-wage increases that there's built-in protections for small and midsize businesses.''' ,'''I challenge the Republican nominees and all Republicans to not just be the anti-illegal immigration party. That's not who we are and that's not who we should be we should be the pro-legal immigration party.''' ,'''I don't ever remember them telling us or teaching us that the only way we could be more successful is if other people were less successful. They never inculcated the belief that somehow, in order for us to climb the ladder, other people have to come down from the ladder.''' ,'''My dad was a bartender. My mom was a cashier, a maid and a stock clerk at K-Mart. They never made it big. They were never rich. And yet they were successful. Because just a few decades removed from hopelessness, they made possible for us all the things that had been impossible for them.''' ,'''Many people say Nicki Minaj is a rapper, but she's also a singer.''' ,'''Let me start by saying that I do not enjoy nor relish the partisan role of attack dog. I never found any fun in that. I don't think it's constructive. I don't intend to become that here in the Senate.''' ,'''The problem is that when government controls the economy, those who can influence government keep winning, and everybody else just stays the same.''' ,'''The health-care law, irrespective of how people feel about the aims of it - and obviously I don't agree with Obamacare - but the worry that some businesses have about how the law will impact their bottom line has made people more apprehensive about expanding and growing their business in the 21st century.''' ,'''We must educate and train our children to compete and succeed in the 21st century. Our kids are not going to grow up to compete with children in Alabama or Mississippi. They're going to grow up to compete with kids in India, and China, all over the world; children who are learning to compete and succeed in the 21st century themselves.''' ,'''My neighbors aren't millionaires. They're retirees who depend on Social Security and Medicare.''' ,'''People are frustrated. This is the most generous country in the world when it comes to immigration. There are a million people a year who legally immigrate to the United States, and people feel like we're being taken advantage of. We feel like despite our generosity, we're being taken advantage of.''' ,'''I'm not a game-show contestant, I'm a U.S. senator.''' ,'''The idea that more taxes and more government spending is the best way to help hardworking middle class taxpayers - that's an old idea that's failed every time it's been tried.''' ,'''This is the greatest society in all of human history, the greatest country ever. Many of the decisions being made in Washington today by both parties are threatening that greatness. And if we stay on this road we're on right now, our children are going to be the first Americans ever to inherit a diminished country.''' ,'''If my house was on fire, I can't compromise about which part of the house I'm going to save. You save the whole house or it will all burn down. We either save this country or we do not.''' ,'''Exile is not a time frame. Exile is an experience. It's a sentiment.''' ,'''America is the story of everyday people who did extraordinary things. A story woven deep into the fabric of our society.''' ,'''It's not in our nature. Americans have never been a people that drive through a nice neighborhood and say, 'Oh, I hate the people who live in these nice houses.'''' ,'''We will either bring on another American century, or we are doomed to witness America's decline.''' ,'''I believe with all my heart that God still destines for us an even better future and the opportunity to continue to serve as an inspiration to the world.''' ,'''And here's the fact: the fact is it doesn't solve the problem. First of all, if you taxed these people at 100 percent, basically next year you said, 'Look, every penny you make next year the government's going to take it from you,' it still doesn't solve the debt.''' ,'''The private sector doesn't sit around and say - 'Well, since the president said we should do this, we should do it.'''' ,'''Conservatism is not about leaving people behind. Conservatism is about empowering people to catch up, to give them the tools at their disposable that make it possible for them to access all the hope, all the promise, all the opportunity that America offers. And our programs to help them should reflect that.''' ,'''I respect the rights of those who do not share my beliefs, but to teach my faith to my children and to share it with anyone who will listen - that is my right, too.''' ,'''And I think for some - not all - but for some Democrats, the issue of immigration is better politically if they just leave it the way it is now because they can use it against Republicans.''' ,'''Every nation on the Earth that embraces market economics and the free enterprise system is pulling millions of its people out of poverty. The free enterprise system creates prosperity, not denies it.''' ,'''Every country has rich people. But only a few places have achieved a vibrant and stable middle class. And in the history of the world, none has been more vibrant and more stable than the American middle class.''' ,]
+++