+++
author = "Joschka Fischer"
title = "Joschka Fischer Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Joschka Fischer Quotes"
keywords = "joschka fischer,joschka fischer quotes,joschka fischer quote,joschka fischer sayings,joschka fischer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everybody is talking today about the economy.''' ,'''There is an ongoing debate about the reform of the U.N. system.''' ,'''We have an interest in excellent relations because we are neighbours as Europeans with Russia. We are allies with the United States in the NATO framework.''' ,'''We have every interest in seeing that the military use of nuclear power will be contained.''' ,'''We are ready to train new Iraqi forces outside Iraq. We did it in Abu Dhabi.''' ,'''You must see the persons who are in charge - persons you can punish or vote for.''' ,'''India has been contributing very much to the reconstruction of Afghanistan; we are strongly engaged there.''' ,'''The situation in Iraq is dangerous but the regional situation is also very complicated and precarious.''' ,'''I don't believe, in the 21st century, in the balance of power system. This is a European idea of the 19th and 20th centuries.''' ,'''A transitional government is the beginning of a transfer of sovereignty. It's a question of Iraqi security and moving forward with the political process.''' ,'''The United States is our most important ally. They helped us many times. Without the United States, the unification or German democratisation after the Nazi period would have been much more complicated, or almost impossible.''' ,'''We had to move forward after the war and see the realities.''' ,'''What will we do in a globalised world? All human beings are equal, so they have the same right to have the same lifestyle-the same social security, jobs, education.''' ,'''There are differences in the world community. But we have a common interest in a strong multilateral system.''' ,'''The participation in European elections was always not very exciting. People are very interested in European issues, but they don't see the person who is representing Europe.''' ,'''We will not send troops. Germany is not committed to Iraq - we will not commit ourselves with troops.''' ,'''Solutions must be based on compromises.''' ,'''We were in opposition to the decision to go to war. But after the war happened, it was clear that you could not sit and look-there would be a breeding ground for terrorism or a new collapsed or failed state named Iraq!''' ,'''We shouldn't discuss the world of tomorrow in terms of becoming a balance to the United States. The real issue is whether the United States will define herself as part of the U.N. system-or not.''' ,]
+++