+++
author = "Gabriela Sabatini"
title = "Gabriela Sabatini Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Gabriela Sabatini Quotes"
keywords = "gabriela sabatini,gabriela sabatini quotes,gabriela sabatini quote,gabriela sabatini sayings,gabriela sabatini saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It came so soon and so fast. It's just overwhelming. Every time I think about it, I just can't believe it.''' ,'''I felt nobody would understand what was going on in my mind.''' ,'''That was one of those moments where I felt so confident. I played three matches in the same day.''' ,'''I didn't know what was going through my mind.''' ,'''The difficult part was to tell the world that I was finishing.''' ,'''I was a very shy and introverted person, and it was hard for me to talk to people and make relationships.''' ,'''Now I have the bravery to do fine things.''' ,'''I'm having a good time. Managing my things takes a lot of time.''' ,'''I want not, that everybody hears about. Then I can't longer be myself.''' ,'''I never thought tennis was going to give me so much satisfaction.''' ,'''There were so much affairs of me created by the media... of course I was not always a true single. I had some relations, once also to a famous pop star.''' ,'''I can't laugh, be happy, present myself at any prize and also win on the centre court.''' ,'''For me retiring wasn't hard once I knew that that was the decision I was going to make.''' ,'''Regarding the Hall of Fame, when they decided I was going to be one of the possible candidates, when I heard that, I was so thrilled. You're always hoping for something like that.''' ,'''When I got to match point in the final I was afraid I'd be a little nervous, but I just said, You have to stay focused, just think about what you have to do.''' ,'''I was feeling a lot of confidence, so I wanted to take advantage of that and keep playing.''' ,'''I think in the lifetime of a tennis player there are many times where you feel that tremendous confidence.''' ,'''I travel a lot to promote the perfumes and to do the commercials.''' ,'''I was formerly so stuck into plans. I can now live more spontaneously. This I want not yet to give away.''' ,'''It's amazing, it doesn't feel like it has been 10 years since retirement.''' ,'''It's a great moment for Argentinean tennis, more on the men's side. I would like to see more on the women's side. I think we have to work a little bit more on that.''' ,'''I lost more then 6 kilograms when I ceased with the top sport. That were all muscles. They are now gone.''' ,'''I played Mary Joe Fernandez in the semifinals. She was winning the first set. Second set was very close. I started to play this aggressive game. I think I surprised them.''' ,'''Tennis has had a very positive impact on my life.''' ,'''What these guys are doing is great for Argentinean tennis. This is motivating other people.''' ,'''I carried through well with my tennis. I got the respect by usage of the tennis racket.''' ,'''I served, she came to the net, it was a passing shot.''' ,'''I want children, but at the moment the liberty I have now finally, has a far too high value.''' ,'''I have an office in Argentina, I go there every day, so I work.''' ,'''I work out in a studio. Every day, regardless where I am, at least two hours. I need it. I can't cease it.''' ,'''It was very hard for me to practice and enjoy my tennis, and I didn't know the why, so I worked with psychologists to try and see what was happening. They pushed me really hard.''' ,'''When I finally held the trophy, it was just how I imagined it would be.''' ,]
+++