+++
author = "Michael Landon"
title = "Michael Landon Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Michael Landon Quotes"
keywords = "michael landon,michael landon quotes,michael landon quote,michael landon sayings,michael landon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Life has been good to me. It's not like I missed an awful lot. I had a pretty good lick here. Every moment gets a little more important.''' ,'''I don't have expectations. Expectations in your life just lead to giant disappointments.''' ,'''Now I won't have to worry about the new series making it or not.''' ,'''Less than 1 percent of the patients treated are alive at the end of five years.''' ,'''Every script I've written and every series I've produced have expressed the things I most deeply believe.''' ,'''I've fought hard and now I'm weary to the bone.''' ,'''I think all of us create our own miracles.''' ,'''I've got nine kids, nine dogs, three grandkids - and one in the oven. And three parrots!''' ,'''I love my work. I've had three successful series, and I want to find out if I can make a fourth.''' ,'''I want people to laugh and cry, not just sit and stare at the TV.''' ,'''With a houseful of kids you give each other strength.''' ,'''I've had a good life. Enough happiness, enough success.''' ,'''Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but I think viewers are hungry for shows in which people say something meaningful.''' ,'''Dreaming is one thing, and working towards the dream is one thing, but working with expectations in mind is very self-defeating.''' ,'''The one thing I need to leave behind is good memories.''' ,'''You can die of the cure before you die of the illness.''' ,'''I'm going to beat this cancer or die trying.''' ,'''I felt my father's presence with me, helping me to commit to paper the feelings I had. I really heard my father speaking to me from the other dimension.''' ,'''Boy, you gotta be real sick to get this much attention.''' ,'''I believe that there is God in all of us.''' ,'''I'm not the kind of person who gives up without a fight.''' ,'''I don't mind dying if I have to, but I'm damned if I want to pay for the guarantee. I'm sorry.''' ,'''I believe in God, family, truth between people, the power of love.''' ,]
+++