+++
author = "Billy Burke"
title = "Billy Burke Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Billy Burke Quotes"
keywords = "billy burke,billy burke quotes,billy burke quote,billy burke sayings,billy burke saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I will do anything, and I do almost everything myself. But when there is something extra heinous to do, I have a great stunt double, Eddie Davenport, and a great stunt coordinator, Jeff Wolfe.''' ,'''I can do without a television or a telephone, I think.''' ,'''I've gotten an opportunity to work with a lot of the people I've looked up to over the years, and I feel pretty grateful for it.''' ,'''We are so reliant on power and technology for everything.''' ,'''No one could have predicted the cultural phenomenon 'Twilight' has become.''' ,'''I started out as a musician. Although I always wanted to have a dual career, I fell into the TV and movie business more strongly and more quickly.''' ,'''You can't stop technology or science, and it is snowballing quicker than ever. Something's got to come to a head. How? Who knows? But it will.''' ,'''I read bits and pieces of 'Twilight' as we were making it.''' ,'''I was watching Burt Reynolds movies when I was a kid, going, 'That's what I want to do.'''' ,'''I started my career, actually, maybe the first 10, 11 years, playing the bad boyfriend with the gun. And I got ill with that and moved on, for some reason, to playing cops all the time.''' ,'''I don't make the distinction between whether or not I'm going to do a TV show or movies. It's all based on material. It's about whatever comes along that I think I can add the most to, bring something to the character, and have some fun with.''' ,'''I am not a big reader to begin with.''' ,'''Most evil characters, if they're not psychopathic, they become that way because they believe in what they're doing.''' ,'''The end of times has always been a fascination. But post 9/11, pretty much everybody will admit to having it on their minds more frequently than when they were a kid.''' ,'''I've never had a series that's gone past 12 episodes.''' ,'''Actually shooting a 3-D movie is not different at all than making a 2-D one. You never really notice that you're making a 3-D movie. The terminology used around the set is a little bit different, but other than that, you'd never know.''' ,'''When your baby smiles at you with their whole body, it's enough to make me fall down.''' ,'''I'd rather be busy than not.''' ,'''You never get fans hanging out on movie sets. It just never happens.''' ,'''Bill Condon has made some excellent movies.''' ,'''My daughter was born just after the making of 'Twilight.'''' ,'''I'm not an extremely prolific writer. I don't write songs all the time.''' ,'''It's nice to be able to play a guy who gets to say all the things that you don't get to say in real life.''' ,'''I like to play a lot of poker in my off time.''' ,'''I'm just not a good reader, so I haven't been able to sit down and get myself through an entire book in my whole life.''' ,'''I'm not one of those people who gets starry-eyed.''' ,'''I watch movies, and if I get the chance to watch television, I'm usually prone to watching something completely mindless and mundane that I don't have to follow so closely.''' ,'''I've been kicking around in this business for 20-something years now, and there's actually few times where you can look at the piece of work that's put out there, and you can actually be proud of it.''' ,'''I'm a guy who likes to make it up as he goes along.''' ,'''All I want out of a television show is that I be intrigued and entertained.''' ,'''I had known that I'd wanted to be an actor from a very early age, but I had always known that I wanted to have a dual career. I wanted to be an actor, and I also at that time wanted to be a rock star.''' ,'''I'm not a guy who has ever seen the inside of a gym.''' ,]
+++