+++
author = "Sourabh Raj Jain"
title = "Sourabh Raj Jain Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Sourabh Raj Jain Quotes"
keywords = "sourabh raj jain,sourabh raj jain quotes,sourabh raj jain quote,sourabh raj jain sayings,sourabh raj jain saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Watching 'Mahabharat' and 'Mahakali' on screen after so long really got me nostalgic! It was honestly wonderful and an emotional moment to relive those memories from both the shows I have been part of while watching their very first episodes all over again.''' ,'''I have been following Buddhism since 11 years now. I love the sound of chanting.''' ,'''I am ready to portray any kind of role that includes negativity, if it is a challenging one.''' ,'''I think I don't get angry so often after marriage. This is primarily because initially when I used to get angry over things, it would make Ridhima unhappy and I can't see her not smiling.''' ,'''When I came to Mumbai, I was just 19 years old and did the TV show, 'Remix'. Thereafter, I just fell in love with acting.''' ,'''I think god is singular and exists everywhere and for everyone.''' ,'''I had no idea what I wanted to do in my career, but I was sure I won't do a 9-to-5 job.''' ,'''My first thought is to be on set on time. I do not like to be late.''' ,'''I don't want to limit myself to a genre, language or a particular industry. I will do anything interesting that comes to me.''' ,'''My childhood was not great but not that bad either. I've always had a loving and caring mother with me.''' ,'''I feel that when you are passionate about what you do, money will follow. If money becomes the primary factor, passion goes down the drain.''' ,'''Life is all about loving your mom. I can't think of a life without her.''' ,'''But talking about the best bond, then it has to be my mother. I fight with her as much as I love her. Many a times after fighting we instantly start laughing because we know no amount of bickering can ever weaken our bond.''' ,'''I don't slot genres according to soap, historical, mytho and crime. For me, the most important thing is my role.''' ,'''I think 'Maharbharat' was the turning point of my career. If not very smoothly, my career did move in a much better way.''' ,'''I want to do more Telugu films.''' ,'''We all have our fears, but it's about how you take up the challenge.''' ,'''I bond well with my mother Raaj, with my wife Ridhima, with my dog Wafer, with all my close friends and also at a deeper level with the almighty.''' ,'''I love reading any interesting book. If it is boring I keep it forever after reading 4-5 pages of it. But if it is good, I can go on reading it no matter what genre it belongs to.''' ,'''I want to learn how to speak Urdu. I find it very interesting and soothing to ears. It is very poetic too.''' ,'''In India every child is passionate about dancing. Every state has its dance forms. I used to love bhangra in Delhi.''' ,'''I never thought I would get into acting. I was studying computer applications in Delhi and that was when I got selected for my first TV show and came to Mumbai.''' ,'''Yes, I would love to step outside the costume drama category and play a young urbanite, something closer to who I am.''' ,'''I am not really a cook as such, but I have lived a bachelor life when I first came to Mumbai, so at times I have had to cook for myself for basic survival.''' ,'''My suggestion to everyone would be to marry someone as long as you really want to get married and not for any other reason. If you agree to get hitched for some other reason and it doesn't materialise, then it just turns into a sad story.''' ,'''Acting takes inspiration from all the allied fields - be it diction, dancing, reading, narrating, I try to imbibe all those things to perfect my acting skills.''' ,'''Experience is my biggest teacher in life. I lost my father at a very young age, that's what made me more mature.''' ,'''I would be on top of the world if 'Remix' comes back. I wasn't playing a central character in it but it was my first show. It brought me to Mumbai and will always be special.''' ,'''I have shot back-to-back shows with outdoor schedules, and so missed many moments of my babies.''' ,'''My mother is a lawyer by profession. Now she has shifted with me in Bombay. I lost my father a long back.''' ,'''Whichever profession you are in, the profession becomes a part of your personal life too. So, acting has become a part of me in all synergies.''' ,]
+++