+++
author = "Cara Delevingne"
title = "Cara Delevingne Quotes"
quotes_len = "94"
description = "the best 94 Cara Delevingne Quotes"
keywords = "cara delevingne,cara delevingne quotes,cara delevingne quote,cara delevingne sayings,cara delevingne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My way of relaxing was always doing the opposite and playing the drums, but I need to be able to actually chill.''' ,'''When I first started modeling, they used to bleach my eyebrows all the time.''' ,'''I have a great support network - my family, my model agency Storm, and people I work with in the fashion industry. And, of course, there are all my followers on Twitter who stop me from feeling lonely; I love them all. They keep me grounded.''' ,'''I like a little bit of designer, with a bit of vintage and high street mixed in. I love it when you find those one-off key pieces, which end up becoming investment pieces.''' ,'''I act for love. I give it my all. I would probably still do it even if I wasn't paid at all. But in terms of equal pay, I need to be paid the same as the guy who has equal billing with me. Otherwise, I won't do it. Because if you accept less, you're just letting everyone else down and continuing the cycle.''' ,'''I love talking to my friends at uni and seeing what they are doing. They're just finishing their dissertations, and I kind of wish I could live their life for a second. I wish my school days could have dragged on a little longer, or that I could go back and do it later in life.''' ,'''When I was really small, my mother had difficulty keeping me dressed, as I liked to be naked! I definitely had very strong ideas on what I wanted to wear. My favourite look was always Action Man and Spiderman. Now though, I really like beautiful clothes.''' ,'''I had no interest in fashion when I was younger. I was such a tomboy.''' ,'''Embrace your weirdness!''' ,'''I hyperventilate quite a lot.''' ,'''I like to be goofy. I like to make people laugh. I like to have a good time as much as possible.''' ,'''If I am able to carry on modeling, I'll be very happy to, but my passion is definitely in music and acting. I would love to do what Meryl Streep is doing. Her or Judi Dench, or maybe Charlize Theron as well.''' ,'''When you have balance in your life, work becomes an entirely different experience. There is a passion that moves you to a whole new level of fulfillment and gratitude, and that's when you can do your best... for yourself and for others.''' ,'''I fall asleep everywhere! Someone recently asked if they could publish a book of pictures of me sleeping because there are so many.''' ,'''I want to fall in love, I think. I've never. I know. Everyone I know's been in love or in relationships now and... There's only ever been... there's been people telling me they love me, but it freaks me out and I just run, run. I think I'm a bad girlfriend.''' ,'''I can't sleep in the evenings. Most of the pictures people see of me are me going to work events: a Fendi dinner one night, a Prada dinner the next, and working all day.''' ,'''The best therapy is actually the more aggressive kind when they break you open; they unleash you.''' ,'''I've started doing yoga and meditation, but I'm not very good at that kind of thing and turning my brain off.''' ,'''I love acting. I do it as a hobby. If I was able to have that as a career... Hopefully the fashion thing is a stepping-stone. I was so worried when I started modeling that it would hinder my chances of acting.''' ,'''I need to eat a lot; otherwise, I feel faint. I get in the worst moods if I don't eat.''' ,'''I never do anything to my hair. I just wash it. It tends to get dry, so I just try to put good, natural oils in it. I do a deep conditioning mask, which is quite good.''' ,'''I like to keep my private life private.''' ,'''I get a lot of girls who say, 'I just want to be a model so badly.' And I think: 'You can do better than that.' I mean, look, I do love it, I'm not saying anything bad about it, I just think you can do a lot more.''' ,'''Psoriasis is an autoimmune disease, and I'm sensitive.''' ,'''I love Christopher Bailey and Burberry, Mulberry for bags, and Hudson for jeans. I like a little bit of designer with a bit of vintage and High Street mixed in. I love it when you find those one-off key pieces, which end up becoming investment pieces. I always go for comfort, and like feeling confident and casual.''' ,'''I love Christopher Bailey and Burberry, Mulberry for bags, and Hudson for jeans.''' ,'''I've always wanted to do a shoot with snakes - big snakes, like pythons.''' ,'''I worked hard to be accepted by the fashion community in ways beyond my physical appearance. In no time, though, I found myself surrendering to the industry's approval process. I felt like I needed validation from everyone. As a result, I lost sight of myself and what it meant to be happy, what it meant to be successful.''' ,'''I'm just not into happy-clappy pop. Unless it's happy-clappy pop in a good way.''' ,'''When you model, there's no way you can't notice yourself. Do you know what I mean? Because you're constantly surrounded by people saying, 'Oh, she's too short, she's too skinny, she's this, she's whatever.' And you're right there. They're talking about you, and you're right there.''' ,'''You never realise that you have an impact on people's lives. There are so many girls that go through so many problems and who come to me. I really try and take time to speak to as many people as possible.''' ,'''I always feel that life can teach you how to act. I'm always looking at life through other people's eyes. By feeling empathy. And I do feel that I am constantly learning.''' ,'''I need to be able to be at a gig and just put my bag on the floor and not worry about it being stood on or getting ruined. You want a bag that can go through anything. And a little bit of softness is always lovely. If I don't have a dog, I can just pet my bag!''' ,'''At fashion shows, my brows often get bleached, and they've been dyed back much darker - like jet black, where you can't even see my skin. Sometimes with Just for Men! What a mistake. At times, the two brows aren't even the same color!''' ,'''Ooh, I'd love to be in a movie with Meryl Streep or Martin Scorsese. There are so many different things I want to do, maybe like a possessed child or an evil something... I don't know!''' ,'''Working with Mario Testino was a joy. He's very young spirited, and it's always lovely and a pleasure to spend time talking to him about all different things.''' ,'''Of course, I loved the Spice Girls. I loved Geri and Baby, but who liked Posh Spice? They said I looked like her, and I said: 'That's not cool, that's really mean.'''' ,'''When I was younger, I liked money - the feel of it. I would sit with my dad and count his coins and be like, 'Yeah.' I'd saved £700 by the age of 10. I thought: 'What the hell am I hoarding this for?' So I bought a drum kit.''' ,'''I love red or deep purple lips for events.''' ,'''I treat the camera like a person - I gaze into it. Photos are a flat thing, and you need to put life into them.''' ,'''If I was rich enough, I would love to launch my own record label. I would love to try and give all my musically talented friends a start in the industry.''' ,'''The thrill of acting is making a character real. Modeling is the opposite of real. It's being fake in front of the camera.''' ,'''It's strong to be vulnerable. To be able to communicate with other women is one of the most powerful things.''' ,'''I'm a world class Beat Boxer; you should hear the noises I can make with my mouth.''' ,'''As a model, I really stand for not being a model, if that makes sense. When I started, the whole idea of the model was very different; it was a bit stuck-up. Not stuck-up, but no one was trying to have fun, or not even have fun, but be willing to smile.''' ,'''I've always been a bit of an inventor, just making up weird things people haven't thought of before. I can't tell you exactly what, though, because they might actually happen one day!''' ,'''I just wanted to be like J.Lo when I started. The last thing I want to be is a model-slash-actress. But I love actress-slash-musicians.''' ,'''Singing, writing songs, is kind of my biggest fear, but it's the thing I feel I need to conquer.''' ,'''I think it's nice to break down that barrier, that models are seen and not heard.''' ,'''Fame, do I like it? No. It has bought a lot for me in my career, but there are a lot of downsides to it. You give up your privacy. I did it to myself but not to my family and friends. You don't ask for it. You just have to live with it.''' ,'''I wanted to be a Disney Channel star! I wanted to be Hannah Montana.''' ,'''The thing is, if I ever found a guy I could fall in love with, I'd want to marry him and have his children. And that scares me to death because I think I'm a whole bunch of crazy, and I always worry that a guy will walk away once he really, truly knows me.''' ,'''Victoria's Secret is really about celebrating women and what they stand for: the strength.''' ,'''I'd love to work with Tarantino, Scorsese, Sofia Coppola - all of them! I love thrillers and action movies. I love good horror films. I watched them so much when I was younger that I find it impossible to get scared.''' ,'''I really think that it's disgusting that Paris is the only place where it is illegal for paps to follow you around. It actually took someone losing their life - Diana, an inspirational woman - and then it changed, but they still won't change it in London! It's horrible!''' ,'''Fashion Week is horrible. I mean, it isn't horrible, really - it's amazing. But having to work that much every day is.''' ,'''I love figuring out a stranger, sitting down and learning about their loves and struggles and everything. People are my jam.''' ,'''I love to beatbox and have been doing it before I even knew what it was.''' ,'''At school, I was a tomboy, and it would be me and all my guy friends.''' ,'''Once I find a bag that I love, I wear it always. I just don't change my bags. I literally find one and stay with it.''' ,'''As a kid, I got teased about my unibrow. Now I love my brows.''' ,'''I never really thought about modelling. It wasn't something I ever wanted to do. I used to always be so angry about modelling.''' ,'''My sexuality is not a phase. I am who I am.''' ,'''I just don't think that I trust men. That's the problem. I can appreciate a beautiful-looking man, but he's not my type.''' ,'''I'm quite surprised that nobody has asked me to do my own line of tweezers. I totally would love to do that. Or, like, mascara. Cara's Mascara!''' ,'''That's what I've wanted to do my whole life, just act. When I was younger, I loved to entertain people. I always used to make up dance routines, do little plays. I love to perform, basically.''' ,'''I love curves; I'm all about curves. I don't have many, which is really sad, but I think the more the better.''' ,'''When you are clinically diagnosed with depression as a teenager, sometimes people don't understand it. You feel like you should be happy, especially when you have a very lucky upbringing, and you blame yourself.''' ,'''The energy you give off is the energy you receive. I really think that, so I'm always myself - jumping, dancing, singing around, trying to cheer everybody up.''' ,'''I love a vintage look that's also a bit rock n' roll.''' ,'''I got a tattoo saying 'Made in England' above my foot to represent that, that I felt like a doll for so long.''' ,'''Women are what completely inspire me, and they have also been my downfall.''' ,'''I wish my school days could have dragged on a little longer, or that I could go back and do it later in life.''' ,'''It's hard finding people you trust or who aren't going to take your money. Everyone wants to get a piece of whatever you're doing. It's a nightmare.''' ,'''This modeling thing, it's pretty easy, but actually it's also really tough.''' ,'''As a child, I used 'gay' as a bad word, as in, 'That's so gay.' All my friends did.''' ,'''Kids should speak to each other. They're horrid to each other online, they bully each other - they should shut up and stop it. The problem with social media is there is too much freedom. It's too much, too young.''' ,'''I want to behave more like a boy... I want to be the strong one.''' ,'''I'm no Method actor. I've tried staying in character, and it's just exhausting.''' ,'''I started modeling when I was 16. The odds were against me. At 5' 8, I was shorter than most girls in the business. Still, I gave it a shot, and like with most things in my life, I never gave up.''' ,'''I like fashion, but I love, love, love music and film; they are my two passions. I would love to pursue my acting and my love of music more than anything.''' ,'''I want to make music, I want to act, I want to sing, I want to do something that doesn't make my skin erupt.''' ,'''I always wake up 10 minutes before I have to be anywhere.''' ,'''I want to explore the world properly, to be able to write about and take pictures of all kinds of different cultures. Just be an explorer or adventurer. I also love extreme sports.''' ,'''My dream is to go spend a week on some island with no phone.''' ,'''I'd like to be curvier.''' ,'''When you're coming from a place of living just to work, it's never as good as you want it to be. It's never as authentic.''' ,'''In the '90s, I wouldn't have been a supermodel.''' ,'''With acting, the last thing you do is try to look pretty. Modeling actually makes acting harder - it makes you so self-aware.''' ,'''There's a really easy way of just kind of wearing make-up but looking like there's nothing on your face... I'm still not very good at it, and I'm learning slowly.''' ,'''I grew up in the upper class, for sure. My family was kind of about that whole parties-and-horse racing thing. I can understand it's fun for some. I never enjoyed it.''' ,'''I love comfort. Comfort is very key to me because I spend most of my time in very uncomfortable things, so it's all about trainers and flats.''' ,'''What bothers me, I guess, is when I get these messages from girls on Twitter, and they're like, 'God, you're my idol, I really admire you.' It's like, 'Admire me for what? What have I done?' It's not that being in a Burberry campaign, or walking in a Chanel show is nothing. It's just... I know I can do more.''' ,'''In school, I was Martha in 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?' I loved that.''' ,]
+++