+++
author = "Fallon Sherrock"
title = "Fallon Sherrock Quotes"
quotes_len = "83"
description = "the best 83 Fallon Sherrock Quotes"
keywords = "fallon sherrock,fallon sherrock quotes,fallon sherrock quote,fallon sherrock sayings,fallon sherrock saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel really proud of myself for helping to put the ladies' game out there.''' ,'''I have helped darts in general.''' ,'''There's more women who can play like me if not better and we just need more recognition really.''' ,'''I don't see myself at a physical disadvantage.''' ,'''The sky is the limit now, us women are showing that we can beat men and hopefully it will open more doors.''' ,'''Every time I play darts I try to keep my poker face on and stay focused until that last dart has gone in.''' ,'''I have learned from experience with the BDO and the ladies tournament.''' ,'''There are women who can play at my standard, if not better, and they can beat men, too, so it would be nice to see them do it as well.''' ,'''I focus on each leg and not what the score is.''' ,'''The more the women beat the men hopefully that will bring up more opportunities for us and then the possibilities are endless as to what can happen.''' ,'''I practise about three to four hours a day and I will play one night a week, or at the weekend in a competition.''' ,'''I think I'm a person who just makes things better.''' ,'''Us women, we can play darts.''' ,'''Who's to say I can't beat anyone?''' ,'''I know I've probably got a massive target on my back now, because everyone wants to be better, to beat me.''' ,'''I haven't taken into account how much I drink. I do drink a lot when I am on stage anyway. You will see me come back and have sips of water. I haven't taken into account how much.''' ,'''I got a lot of criticism online and a lot of harsh comments.''' ,'''Especially with the ladies' game, I have proved we can compete with all these men.''' ,'''Every little bit of hate just gees me on to do better and prove them all wrong.''' ,'''When women play men, it brings out our better game.''' ,'''I've got good family support.''' ,'''My son is always up early.''' ,'''I don't even know what a feminist is.''' ,'''Spider and heights are much easier than beating a man at the Ally Pally, any day of the week!''' ,'''I think I'm an enjoyable person to be around.''' ,'''I'm just a normal person.''' ,'''Nando's is my pre-match meal. I have the butterfly chicken, mash and coleslaw.''' ,'''It sounds really bad but I never actually wanted to play.''' ,'''I'm quite proud that I've inspired so many people.''' ,'''I could be two sets, two legs down but I wouldn't think that. I take each leg as it comes.''' ,'''When I went to Q school, I was walking into a tournament where 500 other players all wanted the same thing as me.''' ,'''I don't have time to sit at home and not do anything. I used to just sit there and just watch TV and eat crisps. Now I don't have five minutes to do that.''' ,'''Us women can beat these men, we just need more opportunities to prove ourselves.''' ,'''I don't look at it as a man's sport because the women play as well. It's an open sport.''' ,'''I've made history, I've just beaten one man, who's to say I can't beat more?''' ,'''I'm so proud to help put women's darts on the map.''' ,'''To any young women out there who might be thinking about taking up darts, I would just say, 'Go for it.'''' ,'''I started playing when I was about 16, and I got picked for the England youth team when I was 17 because I was doing quite well. It's all spiralled from there.''' ,'''It's nice if I am called a role model, because I never thought that I would be a role model for anyone else.''' ,'''Can I eat bugs? Yes no problem.''' ,'''It made me a stronger person, and more determined. I don't know if I'd still be as strong if I didn't have all that hate. I needed hate to make me more determined.''' ,'''As long as you put the effort in with your practice, the muscles in your arm stay relaxed and mental preparation is all it takes.''' ,'''About six months after I had my little boy in April 2014, I ended up getting a kidney disease.''' ,'''My son is going to grow up looking at the newspaper cuttings and thinking, 'Wow, my mum did this.'''' ,'''I've beaten two of the best players in the world, and if that doesn't say that women can't play darts I don't know what can.''' ,'''I don't take any notice of negative stuff said on social media. If anything it spurs me on more.''' ,'''Once I get up on stage, I will have to forget who I am playing and focus on the game itself.''' ,'''I've always had darts around me growing up because my family has always played it.''' ,'''Ally Pally has been amazing for me.''' ,'''When I started playing darts and watching more darts on TV I would say someone like Trina Gulliver definitely inspired me to carry on and keep playing.''' ,'''I feel I can concentrate a bit more on playing darts now people are just seeing an equal playing field.''' ,'''I definitely think I can use the crowd to my advantage.''' ,'''I know how to zone myself in and just play the game.''' ,'''I try to help people as much as I can.''' ,'''You always get the odd comment, along the lines of the women are not as good as the men, and I get called a lesbian.''' ,'''If I can be a role model and leader, I am happy to do that.''' ,'''When I was 15, I used to go with my sister to her youth games because she was really good.''' ,'''I had a lot of negative comments, but it made me stronger and made me want to do more in my game. It made me more determined if anything.''' ,'''I hope I've done women's darts proud, put women's darts on the map and given it the recognition that it deserves.''' ,'''I never get really nervous.''' ,'''The women's game has come on leaps and bounds.''' ,'''In the sport itself it's fine, but online I have had constant sexist comments saying women are not as good as men.''' ,'''I can dance, a little bit.''' ,'''I'm not going to dwell on what someone has said if it doesn't affect my life. I think that attitude helps to strengthen my character.''' ,'''If people want to put the pressure on me that fine but I don't put pressure on myself - that is where pressure comes from.''' ,'''Being included in just the U.S. Darts Masters was amazing enough but to now be able to go worldwide is something I could only dream of.''' ,'''When I play on stage, I have to drink a glass of water.''' ,'''I started taking medication to weaken my immune system because that is what was attacking my kidneys. The problem was when I went on different medication, I suffered side effects. And the side effects caused 'moon face,' where my face swelled up. It was a reaction.''' ,'''If I saw negative comments I tried to look past them.''' ,'''No man wants to lose to a woman.''' ,'''We just do not get the recognition or the opportunity to play against these men, so obviously you don't see it that often.''' ,'''Trolls online are constantly giving you sexist comments.''' ,'''Whatever happens in women's darts in the future I will be able to think I helped to achieve it.''' ,'''If I'm in a pressurised situation, I've learned to breathe, chill myself out and be calm.''' ,'''Against the men I have a point to prove. So I have more determination whereas, when I'm playing the women, we know each other's games so well. I need that extra boost just to prove to the men we can compete against them.''' ,'''I'm just me, a normal person.''' ,'''The sport has come on - we do not just play in pubs any more and there are massive international competitions.''' ,'''When you play with the men, you know they don't give up.''' ,'''I don't look like the stereotypical darts player, do I?''' ,'''I haven't set myself any goals or targets because I am taking each day as it comes. But who is to say that I can't be a world champion, or do anything that I put my mind to?''' ,'''The men I've played are all respectful and gentlemen towards me. I've never really had a problem. In the past a lot of people would go: 'We're playing a woman.' But now they're thinking: 'We're playing a good player.'''' ,'''I am a normal person from Milton Keynes.''' ,'''I'm constantly drinking a lot of water to flush my kidneys out. That helps my body.''' ,]
+++