+++
author = "Vivek Oberoi"
title = "Vivek Oberoi Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Vivek Oberoi Quotes"
keywords = "vivek oberoi,vivek oberoi quotes,vivek oberoi quote,vivek oberoi sayings,vivek oberoi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Like women, life is unpredictable and a huge risk.''' ,'''I don't think 'Road' is an experimental film.''' ,'''I am not a flirt.''' ,'''I prefer to celebrate every moment of my life and not allow any negativity.''' ,'''I am really happy and ecstatic that 'Grand Masti' has been such a huge success.''' ,''''Saathiya' is about love, discovering yourself through the way you love someone.''' ,'''Whatever takes your fancy, you should do it without worrying what will people think. Otherwise, you will get stuck, like how some get stuck in a lover boy image or in an action image.''' ,'''I believe in one principle: Do your work and leave the rest to God.''' ,'''Mumbai is where my heart is. This is home.''' ,'''There is less plastic in Tupperware factory than our film industry. People with plastic smile and plastic heart.''' ,'''All I can say is I am lucky I have never had any misunderstandings with my co-stars.''' ,'''Objectivity is the purpose of documentary filmmakers.''' ,'''If you love someone truly, just look into her eyes. You will find your soul in her.''' ,'''Everyone in Bollywood must unite to fight piracy.''' ,'''I don't believe in the concept of stardom.''' ,'''Life is all about being positive and celebrating what you have in the moment.''' ,'''I am genuinely a peaceful person now.''' ,'''If you love a person truly, you can make an ordinary day very special for her.''' ,''''Masti' did so well. It was unexpected and clicked very well with masses.''' ,'''No one knows why a film does well or not. The reasons for this are not important. What is important is the intention you start the film with and the final state when the film releases on a Friday - whether people liked it or not.''' ,'''I am not saying 'Dum' flopped only because of piracy. But the money which went to the offenders could have gone to the producers of the film.''' ,'''I don't mind an arranged marriage. The girl my parents choose could be the girl of my dreams.''' ,'''When you go for first date, you are so conscious about what you are wearing, how you smell, how much money you have in your wallet. You have to plan the day - you have to plan the traffic - but in a relationship, you take all the things for granted.''' ,'''For 'Rakht Charitra,' I had to gain and lose weight. I simultaneously shot the film in three languages - Telugu, Tamil, and Hindi.''' ,'''Women are better than man at valuing relationships and much better than men in terms of contributing towards a relationship.''' ,'''I'm a normal guy.''' ,'''If not for the producers' conviction in me, I wouldn't have had the faith to pull off 'Prince.'''' ,'''I do not want to be restricted to a particular image.''' ,'''I am a hungry actor, and I want to do good films.''' ,'''For me, quality of role is important, and if a role excites me, I do it.''' ,'''I'd work with anyone that the script requires me to. I'd never let my personal biases rule my judgement.''' ,'''I love villainous characters; they are so exciting to play. They are so different and challenging.''' ,'''Hits and flops will always be there for any actor.''' ,'''All I did was make the best of the opportunity that I got in 'Company.'''' ,'''I think revenge is an extremely potent and powerful weapon, and hatred is more powerful sometimes than love.''' ,'''If the world is the body, India is its soul.''' ,'''In 'Road,' my character is linear and uni-dimensional. It was more of a reacting character. I am a foil to the other characters in the film. It is the most normal character in the most abnormal, extraordinary film.''' ,'''There are certain directors I have worked with who build up the scene and get you all excited, but when you actually do it, it falls below your expectation.''' ,'''The day my film 'Dum' released, it was available on pirated DVDs and VCDs. They showed the movie on cable channels. It was pathetic. It was so frustrating.''' ,'''Acting is a state of being, and the camera can tell instantly if you're lying. But there are many different ways to approach that state of being. Each director has his own approach to the situation, and that's really interesting.''' ,'''On the sets, I am usually positive, open, and happy. I talk to co-stars, I interact with people on the sets, and I chill.''' ,'''I don't believe in competing with other actors. I believe the only person you can compete is with yourself. You can only do better work compared to your earlier work.''' ,'''Dad is the one I turn to for critique. It helps me to keep growing. When he said 'I am so proud of you,' it meant so much to me.''' ,'''My first film was Ram Gopal Varma's 'Company.' I was paid Rs 3 lakhs for it.''' ,'''If I have superpowers, I would eliminate all negative people and all negativity from this world.''' ,'''I am not a fool. I know where I stand in terms of box office returns.''' ,'''A director like Ram Gopal Varma brings out a different dimension in your performance.''' ,'''I have always loved travelling in autorickshaws.''' ,'''I don't want anything negative in my life, like hate, comparison, competition, and jealousy. I think these things are very heavy and take away from you the way of enjoying life.''' ,'''I think it is important to be fearless in life. I have always made fearless choices. Some have worked; the others haven't.''' ,'''Guilt is a serious appetite killer.''' ,'''I'm very secure in my life.''' ,'''I don't usually talk about the social work I do because I don't do it for publicity. If I can bring a smile to the face of a few children in this one lifetime, I'd be happy.''' ,'''I feel an image is a creeping jail growing all around you without you even realising it. Suddenly, you are trapped, and an actor should never be trapped.''' ,'''Language doesn't seem to be a barrier for me to do films in the south.''' ,'''If you go to see a film with a woman you love, then even if the film is bad, you can hold hands and laugh at it.''' ,'''Thanks to the wonderful support system provided by my father, I was never insecure about my future.''' ,'''I'm blessed with more than I could dream of.''' ,'''I have always been a huge fan of the Spider-Man comics and films.''' ,'''I am bad at numbers and math. Always was!''' ,'''I just want to do films that I like and to enjoy my work.''' ,'''I am not interested to do a five-minute role in a film which is not exciting to me.''' ,'''I am very privileged to have the parents and family that I do.''' ,'''I keep saying this to everyone: 'Grand Masti' is a family film that the entire family needs to watch - independently!''' ,'''By virtue of being a half Punjabi and half Sikh, tandoori chicken was my staple diet.''' ,'''I believe it is tough to be funny and tougher to make people laugh. And it needs to be been done effortlessly. A joke can be comedy, but one can kill the joke if it is delivered badly.''' ,'''I've had the privilege to work with fantastic directors - Ram Gopal Varma, Mani Ratnam, Inder Kumar, to name a few.''' ,'''I have a beautiful family, and I wake up to bliss every day.''' ,'''I am not crazy about doing Hollywood films.''' ,'''I hold the record for the maximum number of obituaries written for an actor's career.''' ,'''I'm someone who has always had a positive outlook towards life.''' ,'''I have a lot of friends in Kollywood. I enjoy a very warm relationship with many actors, actresses, directors, and producers here.''' ,'''I can do very dramatic films, and at the same time, I can do a very meaningless movie, too, if I feel my role is good.''' ,'''People will try to pull you down, but you need to fight the negativity in your life. It's always good to stay positive and think positive.''' ,'''Every girl deserves the right to pursue their dreams.''' ,'''I like people, and I like to be around people. They are fascinating. I like to behave like a common man. I am a common man.''' ,'''Antara Mali is a fine performer. Her role in 'Road' is in complete contrast to that in 'Company.'''' ,'''I love acting in Tamil cinema. I have decided quite consciously to do at least one good film every year in Tamil.''' ,'''When you have a celebrity status, people feel inspired by you people. They start to emulate what you are doing. So it inspires me as a celebrity to do something which is for greater good.''' ,'''I am not interested in being a star.''' ,'''The day I got married, I felt there is so much more to life.''' ,'''If Bollywood had its temple, then Amitabh Bachchan's idol would be in it.''' ,'''I don't believe anyone is good or bad. It's about the choices we make, about how we deal with situations.''' ,''''Dum' is not about the bicep. It is about soul.''' ,'''I think there are just bad films and good films. Period.''' ,'''Mothers can do anything. They have ways of finding out if you have eaten or not.''' ,'''Yes, I do write poetry. It's very therapeutic. I'm influenced by Pablo Neruda and Gulzar Saab. It's all very personal.''' ,'''I am a happy-go-lucky guy in real life. I like to chat a lot.''' ,'''You always find women contribute to a relationship more than a man.''' ,'''Antonia Bernath is a sensational actress, a really, really fantastic girl.''' ,'''We have become so used to complaining about the state of our country that we have forgotten what it is to celebrate India, to celebrate what India stands for.''' ,'''I am fascinated by Shah Rukh Khan. He is brilliant.''' ,''''Company' attracted a certain strata that acknowledged me as a good actor. But in terms of popularity, I owe everything I have to 'Road' because of the song, 'Raste raste, toofan sa.'''' ,'''My mother is from Chennai, and I have a lot of relatives here.''' ,'''If you do not try, you will never succeed. So try and try until you do.''' ,'''It takes someone like Ram Gopal Varma to change the norms, bend the rules, shake convention, and come up with something like 'Road.'''' ,'''As for politics, I share good relations with people across parties, not any particular one.''' ,'''For me, I have nobody who I hate. I don't have place for hate in life.''' ,'''I am a simple person; I come from a very simple home. We believe in enjoying life and what we have.''' ,'''I concentrate on acting while my dad handles the business side of my career.''' ,]
+++