+++
author = "Neymar"
title = "Neymar Quotes"
quotes_len = "106"
description = "the best 106 Neymar Quotes"
keywords = "neymar,neymar quotes,neymar quote,neymar sayings,neymar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always had the greatest respect for and listened to both my father and my mother. I've always tried to follow my parents' advice because these are people who want the best for me.''' ,'''The Libertadores is sensational, but the Champions League... The first time I heard the anthem was a really special feeling. It's like being in a video game; it's living the dream of every child.''' ,'''Unfortunately, I never saw Pele play. What I know of him is through my grandfather, my dad's dad, who used to talk to me and tell me about how he played.''' ,'''I'm very happy that major players are always giving their opinions about my life, my game. I am very thankful for that.''' ,'''I must follow my heart.''' ,'''My dad just wants me to dedicate myself to playing and to focus on the ball.''' ,'''I do not like to put one title above the other. Every competition I contest and win is important.''' ,'''Above all, I want to be happy, and at Barcelona, I'm happy.''' ,'''I don't mind being the one people talk about. It doesn't weigh on me.''' ,'''The fact I am the most expensive player is not a burden.''' ,'''I can't protect myself when I'm not facing the play.''' ,'''You always knows what's best for you.''' ,'''I've learned my tricks watching videos on the Internet with friends. I'm always trying to copy what I've seen at home, what I learned from my friends. But you have to repeat it again and again to get it right on the field.''' ,'''It's good for Brazilian football to have idols, stars, big stars coming back to Brazilian clubs. The tournaments become much better, more interesting. Ze Roberto, Juninho Pernambucano, Ronaldinho Gaucho, and other players who have returned to Brazil strengthen the league and improve the tournaments.''' ,'''When you see a person you love being affected, suffering, people saying things that aren't true... then it hurts you.''' ,'''I'm Messi Football Club.''' ,'''I never run away from the responsibility. I'm used to it.''' ,'''I'm always learning. I have to.''' ,'''Of course Messi could handle a cold Tuesday night in Stoke. He'd be drinking tea and relaxing beforehand. Me? I'd probably be the same.''' ,'''A historic defeat cannot bow our heads forever.''' ,'''Before speaking without knowledge, saying lies, you have to present evidence.''' ,'''I respect his decisions, but football without Messi is not football. It is very hard to imagine football without him.''' ,'''I play to be happy in the first place and then to help my colleagues and my team the best way I can, with the best football.''' ,'''I prefer beating Real Madrid to beating Manchester City!''' ,'''I never like to say that I'm better than anybody else.''' ,'''What I think about is my happiness, together with my family. I want us to be happy.''' ,'''To play with the best is very easy.''' ,'''My father has been by my side since I was little. He takes care of things, my finances and my family.''' ,'''Winning the Ballon d'Or is the consequence of your work.''' ,'''When we're on vacation - it doesn't matter where - I will go and look for a game.''' ,'''My first pair of Jordans, I wore them all the time. I would wear them to school; I always had them on.''' ,'''Winning titles plays a big role in the Ballon d'Or race.''' ,'''I don't want to surpass Messi.''' ,'''In the Premier League, you never know who is going to win or who will be champions. It is always a surprise.''' ,'''There weren't many options growing up, so I would wear whatever possible. I once saw a little boy wearing Jordan sneakers in a movie... and that made me dream.''' ,'''It is easier when you like to work with your companions.''' ,'''Football, particularly Brazilian football, is about being happy, and that's what tricks do. It's part of our culture, at the end of the day, though, it's all about winning.''' ,'''I believe Philippe Coutinho is a player who would totally fit in Barcelona.''' ,'''I'm always happy, in every game, every win I keep writing my history, and I hope to do even more from now on.''' ,'''Cristiano Ronaldo has created his own story, and now I'm creating mine.''' ,'''Messi is a great player. Playing against him is not good - it is bad.''' ,'''The first game is always the most difficult, for the nerves you have before you begin to play.''' ,'''Imagine you're 24 years old, earning what I earn and having all that I have. Wouldn't you be the same as me?''' ,'''Romario had the best first touch and the best pass to score a goal.''' ,'''I only want to be the best that I can be.''' ,'''It is not a problem if I do not win the Ballon d'Or.''' ,'''I am proud of every one of my teammates.''' ,'''I like to go out and have fun with my friends. I have family, too, so why can't I go out to clubs? I can, and I will.''' ,'''I don't feel hatred for Zuniga.''' ,'''I've always said I learned to defend myself from an opponent coming for a hard hit. Tricks are part of my repertoire; I use them to try to get past my opponents, but the objective is always to score goals.''' ,'''That is one of the things I dream about for myself: to receive the 'golden ball' someday.''' ,'''One that I like and I think could play here is Coutinho. He has the style of Barcelona.''' ,'''I always dribble for a reason, and I always head for the goal.''' ,'''Our objective is always to win. Every day, every game, and every competition.''' ,'''I believe the Champions League has all that magic because it gathers all the best European teams, and that gives you the feeling of trying to be the best. That's why the Champions League has this special kind of emotion.''' ,'''I don't compare tournaments.''' ,'''My father always told me I like the ball more than I like playing soccer: since I was a young kid, I was always skilled with it, dribbling furniture around the house. That's how I see football - fun and dynamic - and this goes beyond me; it's a characteristic of Brazilian football.''' ,'''Benzema is a great striker who I think is a superstar.''' ,'''Not only the attackers, but the defenders - it's on the attackers to prepare themselves to break through the strong defense.''' ,'''It doesn't matter who scores the goals, just that we win the games.''' ,'''You need a lot of comfort and nothing to be on your weight to play as you wish.''' ,'''Messi deserves to win this World Cup for all he has done for football.''' ,'''Right now I'm living my boyhood dream, which was to play for a European club. The fact that it's a huge club like Barcelona makes it a tremendous honour. I like everything about the city: the climate, the people. It's quite similar to Brazil, which helps a lot. There's even a beach!''' ,'''The Premier League is a championship that amazes me. I like the playing style and the teams.''' ,'''I always make my decisions together with my family, my father. Of course, I hear the advice of everyone who wishes me well, but the final decision is always mine, with my family.''' ,'''My opinion is that protesting, there's no problem with it, as long as it is peaceful without violence, without vandalism.''' ,'''When we lose, we don't have to change everything but correct things by working hard.''' ,'''I think every player should be allowed to stay or leave a club.''' ,'''I'm not scared. I always go forward, trying to create space and make my way toward the goal.''' ,'''It was a huge thrill to win the Confederations Cup.''' ,'''I started playing football in a school back in Sao Vicente when I was five years old, going towards six. Those were my first steps, among those kids, and then I kept going.''' ,'''I don't want to surpass anyone. I don't want to be better than anyone else.''' ,'''Football without Messi and Messi without football are not things that go together.''' ,'''Whoever likes football always likes to see the best player on the pitch.''' ,'''I just like playing with the ball. I always have.''' ,'''I know that it is a huge responsibility to be the captain, the No. 10, but I like it. I like the responsibility, the pressure, and I like playing football.''' ,'''When I arrived at Barcelona and saw Messi's face, and later Luis Suarez, I felt like it was a videogame.''' ,'''The moment I am off the field, it's my personal time.''' ,'''Of course, it is my goal to win the Ballon d'Or, but I am not going to kill myself for it.''' ,'''I just like winning every tournament that I play. All of them are important for me. Each has its own history, its own characteristic, but they are all important.''' ,'''Messi has the best technique in the world.''' ,'''I'm 69 kilos; I don't have a burden on my back.''' ,'''I'm a happy guy. I like to joke around. I'm irreverent. I love my family; I love my son. I was very happy with and proud of the birth of my son. I grew up a lot after he was born. I'm just an easy and happy guy.''' ,'''Every team has a person who is used as a reference, a player who stands out more than others.''' ,'''I can't be compared to Pele. I need to do so much more to be compared to Pele. Pele is fantastic. And he's unique.''' ,'''I have always kept in mind the advice of Ronaldinho, and he spoke wonders of Barcelona and the city, which he told me is marvellous.''' ,'''The only thing that can protect me from someone coming from behind are the rules.''' ,'''I admire Manchester United, Chelsea, Arsenal, Liverpool - these are the teams that are always there fighting.''' ,'''I will be a World Cup winner.''' ,'''I was quite nervous in my first week at Barcelona, but after that, I was relaxed.''' ,'''Everything in my life has happened very early, personally and professionally.''' ,'''I'm only one Neymar - for my family, for the public. I'm always the same person.''' ,'''I just want to be better every day, to get better every day, not to be better than anyone else.''' ,'''When I'm on the field, the trick I like to do most are stepovers. For me, it's a simple, beautiful dribble that also has a point.''' ,'''I always do as my heart tells me.''' ,'''I try to be a good role model for my son, my family, my friends, and then I try to be a good role model for the rest of the people, too.''' ,'''I was never motivated by money.''' ,'''I try to be myself without being anything different.''' ,'''I don't like to talk about myself.''' ,'''I don't know how many great Brazilians have played in the Olympics and not been able to win it.''' ,'''I want to trace my own path by doing the things I have been doing, winning titles, reaching goals.''' ,'''I was at a great club at Barcelona. I loved Barcelona.''' ,'''I am not the type of person who lets the pressure get to him. I try to see it as my friend. I align with it to calm me down.''' ,'''It is difficult to take in that your idols are in the same place as you are.''' ,'''I do not play football to win the Ballon d'Or. I play football to be happy, because I love it and want to play football.''' ,'''Every team going to Brazil 2014 will be there to win, and it's going to be a fiercely contested World Cup.''' ,]
+++