+++
author = "Hazel Keech"
title = "Hazel Keech Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Hazel Keech Quotes"
keywords = "hazel keech,hazel keech quotes,hazel keech quote,hazel keech sayings,hazel keech saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am with the entertainment industry since the age of 12.''' ,'''These cricketers work so hard, be it training schedules or their diet.''' ,'''I am a professional dancer, so picking up dance steps was like brushing my teeth.''' ,'''When I came to India, it's just a different country, but the culture was same that I grew up in.''' ,'''I love performances that move me, like Waheeda Rehman in any of her roles.''' ,'''People are not what they seem. Some of them are sweet and kind to you, but that's not their real face.''' ,'''I am not a foodie, per se, but believe that whatever one eats has to match with exercise. So I eat what is healthy, avoid junk food and sugar. I also make sure that I drink plenty of water.''' ,'''Sometimes I get a little lazy, so that's a problem. When I am travelling and am very busy with work, I don't get time to work out, so starting up again and getting back into a routine is difficult.''' ,'''I was guilty of using beauty products without consulting a dermatologist. So I've developed a sensitive skin.''' ,'''I do think that it's unfair to criticise anyone if they are having a bad day.''' ,'''There is no formula to enter Bollywood. It's a lot to do with luck.''' ,'''My strengths are my flexibility from all those years of dancing. I have got nice thin arms and slim legs, which both looked really toned and tight after one day of working out.''' ,'''Dancing improved my fitness level and endurance.''' ,'''I always remove my makeup before sleeping and moisturise before bed and in the morning.''' ,'''I used to do small roles in Western films.''' ,''''Mother India' is a classic that I love.''' ,'''With social media, there is a fashion that we speak louder than we think. It has just become a platform where people just judge and spread anger and hate.''' ,'''I don't know what people like to see.''' ,''''Bigg Boss' has been a great experience, and I will treasure it for rest of my life.''' ,'''I never really had the time for a proper bachelorette party.''' ,'''When I was little, I watched a lot of Disney movies - so I always imagined a big fairytale wedding as a kid. But when marriage became real, I felt an intimate wedding with close family and friends would be better.''' ,'''Bollywood has taught me a lot of lessons. Sometimes it has been very hard, but every struggle and obstacle that I overcame made me stronger and made me more aware.''' ,'''Cancer is something that can happen to anyone, like a sportsperson who is eating right and doing his bit correctly. Cancer really takes your life away.''' ,'''I was born and brought up in London, so I couldn't speak Hindi properly. But as I am socialising more with my Hindi speaking friends, I'm getting better at the language.''' ,'''Sometimes some people don't want you to do well, but it's fine, as such is life.''' ,'''If I am not enjoying my exercise regime, I am not enjoying my life, which means I am wasting it!''' ,'''I worked in the second, third, and fourth editions of 'Harry Potter.' I played one of the students.''' ,'''I believe in a combination of exercises like yoga and Crossfit.''' ,'''I like picking up accessories as and when I see something I like - whether its from my travels on the streets of a foreign country or more mainstream labels like Accessorize.''' ,'''It feels nice when people recognise you and talk about your work.''' ,'''I would participate in stage shows during my school days.''' ,'''Actors that don't look like they're acting and stories that are told well inspire me.''' ,'''When I came to Mumbai in 2005 for a holiday, I received work offers. So I decided to stay back and pursue a modelling and acting career.''' ,'''I think Ryan Reynolds has a fab physique: he's not bulky but nicely toned and proportioned.''' ,'''I hadn't made up my mind whether I had to do Hollywood or Bollywood films because I loved both, and I grew up on both. So I am glad that Bollywood chose me.''' ,]
+++