+++
author = "Muriel Spark"
title = "Muriel Spark Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Muriel Spark Quotes"
keywords = "muriel spark,muriel spark quotes,muriel spark quote,muriel spark sayings,muriel spark saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To me education is a leading out of what is already there in the pupil's soul. To Miss Mackay it is a putting in of something that is not there, and that is not what I call education. I call it intrusion.''' ,'''I see no reason to keep silent about my enjoyment of the sound of my own voice as I work.''' ,'''Art and religion first; then philosophy; lastly science. That is the order of the great subjects of life, that's their order of importance.''' ,'''One's prime is elusive. You little girls, when you grow up, must be on the alert to recognize your prime at whatever time of your life it may occur. You must then live it to the full.''' ,'''Parents learn a lot from their children about coping with life.''' ,'''All my pupils are the creme de la creme. Give me a girl of an impressionable age, and she is mine for life.''' ,'''I used to think it a pity that her mother rather than she had not thought of birth control.''' ,'''It is impossible to repent of love. The sin of love does not exist.''' ,'''Be on the alert to recognize your prime at whatever time of your life it may occur.''' ,'''One should only see a psychiatrist out of boredom.''' ,'''When a noble life has prepared old age, it is not decline that it reveals, but the first days of immortality.''' ,'''It is impossible to persuade a man who does not disagree, but smiles.''' ,'''If you're going to do a thing, you should do it thoroughly. If you're going to be a Christian, you may as well be a Catholic.''' ,'''I wouldn't take the Pope too seriously. He's a Pole first, a pope second, and maybe a Christian third.''' ,]
+++