+++
author = "Rohit Saraf"
title = "Rohit Saraf Quotes"
quotes_len = "65"
description = "the best 65 Rohit Saraf Quotes"
keywords = "rohit saraf,rohit saraf quotes,rohit saraf quote,rohit saraf sayings,rohit saraf saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are a few genres that I am quite sceptical about, for example, horror and comedy.''' ,'''I believe that one thing all humans have in common is the fear of death.''' ,'''Actually, it wasn't on a set but we were on a shooting floor, we were doing the look test for 'The Sky Is Pink.' I walked on set and I saw Priyanka Chopra and I was like, 'What just happened?' Yeah, that was the first time I was smitten by all that she is and more.''' ,'''In the past, I have said no to work that I didn't believe in, even though it may have meant not having anything in hand for a couple of weeks or sometimes months.''' ,'''Someone tattooed my initials on their ring finger, and I felt that it was extreme. I freaked out and ran away from there at that time but now when I think about it, I realise how sweet and what a huge commitment it was and I appreciate it. However, at that time I found it extremely weird and didn't know how to deal with it but to just run away.''' ,'''I lost my father when I was 11 and it was a difficult time for the entire family. Dealing with that loss has been a very long journey.''' ,'''I don't want to disregard any of the struggles others faced, but mine were different. I also gave auditions that never materialised not necessarily because I'm an outsider, but things didn't work out at many levels.''' ,'''My biggest goal was that I have to land a film. Landing a film with Priyanka Chopra and Farhan Akhtar... it doesn't happen.''' ,'''I think everything's a part and parcel of being in this profession, rejection being a huge, huge part of it, and I can't tell you how grateful I am for all those rejections because one thing that I understand is that you have to be really, really strong headed, you have to be very level headed, If you want to be in this industry.''' ,'''To wake up every day and realise that there are thousands of people sending love and support your way is one of the biggest things for me.''' ,'''I love funny Instagram filters. Where your face changes; your eyes become big, your mouth becomes protruded. I love all of that.''' ,'''I sketch and paint a lot, but that's only for myself.''' ,'''The 70 mm charm is undeniable, but people are enjoying OTT.''' ,'''I love flowers, even on normal days, so they are a must-have on Valentine's. Ditto for chocolates.''' ,'''I don't deal with heartbreaks well; I become a complete mess.''' ,'''Earlier, every time I wouldn't get a roll, I would always take it in my head, and let it under my skin. And I would always get bothered with it.''' ,'''I've learnt on set with different directors I've worked with.''' ,'''Both 'Dear Zindagi' and 'Hichki' did not come easily to me, I had to do multiple rounds of auditions.''' ,'''To me what's most important when I'm signing a project is the character that I'm going to portray and whether it gives the opportunity to show different facets of my craft.''' ,'''Magic happens when everything is spontaneous.''' ,'''I grew up loving actors from a distance but still felt so close to them. I feel like to be on the other side right now is one of the biggest opportunities I could ever have.''' ,'''There was a very bad phase for me where for two years, I did not get any work, and this was initially when I started, in 2014-15. I did not do any work during that time, I did not even get ads.''' ,'''For me, pink or lilac is the colour of innocence, it's the colour of love, it's the colour of everything happy.''' ,'''My family is very, very supportive.''' ,'''Acting with them was pretty much just a dream. To be very honest, I hadn't even thought of it in my dreams also.''' ,'''I am very happy that the kind of work that I have done has touched people's lives.''' ,'''I love it when someone starts a conversation - romantic, platonic, small talk - as long as it's related to food.''' ,'''You have to work really hard to be able to achieve what you want to achieve.''' ,'''With everyone taking to the Internet, the idea is that one can do what one believes in and they will find some audience for it.''' ,'''It's wonderful and reassuring to see 'Hichki' doing so well. When I got to know the subject and signed the film, I knew that we were working on an important and sensitive subject. I knew that we had a winner at hand. But as artists, we are always a little anxious about our work, that's just in our DNA, I guess.''' ,'''I am not professionally trained as an actor.''' ,'''With every project and admirer I gain for myself, my confidence goes up, and I feel that I am meant for it every single day.''' ,'''I can't tell you how scary it can be for an artist to be in a space where they don't know where the light is at the end of the tunnel.''' ,'''I enjoy creating lamps because lighting really changes my mood.''' ,'''If I wasn't in a profession where I will be seen by so many people, I don't think there would be a limit to my pizza intake and my workouts wouldn't be so frequent. So, I'm just really glad to be part of this industry.''' ,'''There are amazing actors who're the same age as myself.''' ,'''I am not someone who can give up on relationships or people.''' ,'''I am the kind of person who over-thinks, so I don't want to get to a point where I'm creating scenarios, taking pressure and people being unhappy.''' ,'''Every influencer sees fans fearlessly admitting their love on social media.''' ,'''If there is no discipline, then there is no scope for growth.''' ,'''I have tried to be honest with every single character that I have played because I don't know the methods or I don't know tricks to act.''' ,'''My very close friend, Aisha Ahmed... everyone is convinced that I am dating her.''' ,'''If you're talented, you can't be ignored.''' ,'''I don't travel as much as it looks like I do.''' ,'''For an actor who hadn't done too much work, who's aspiring to be big, when you get to know you're in a film which has eight other massive names alongside you, you tend to get nervous. It starts to become a more daunting experience than an enjoyable one.''' ,'''I would audition for 50-60 ads in a month and would get nothing. It affected me not just mentally but also physically. I put on 14 KGs in those two years.''' ,'''I really enjoy music... it's a huge part of my day, every day.''' ,'''I was always someone who didn't ever think of boundaries when I was in love with someone. But 2020 has taught me that perhaps it's best to make some and stick to them.''' ,'''My love for acting began when I thought I can do it.''' ,'''The one thing that I've always wanted to do with my work is to create value and that's something that I've been able to do with all the projects I've had the fortune to be a part of. It's the one thing that inspires me.''' ,'''No matter how grateful I would be to Netflix, it won't be enough because they have made me who I am today. They are the reason why I have the love that I have.''' ,'''Your health is the most important, and I realised that when I was quarantining.''' ,'''With 'Mismatched,' we hope to bring back the Young Adult drama/ teenage drama genre.''' ,'''I am painfully honest, to the point where it often leads to fights. I am passionate.''' ,'''There's a huge number of people I'm inevitably responsible towards but my biggest responsibility is towards myself. I need to be happy with what I am doing.''' ,'''You've to be thick-skinned.''' ,'''The good thing is that with all the projects that I didn't get, I understood that competition is not always negative, it's very healthy. It's also something that inspires you to grow, it creates room and creates space for improvement.''' ,'''When I started cracking auditions I got confident and that's when I felt I can act.''' ,'''As you grow up and meet and get involved with more people, you realise what you want and what you don't want.''' ,'''While there are films that are made for theatres, there are only so many projects that would get a chance to release on the big screen. And now, OTT is that other platform to showcase your work, create more content. It's definitely a blessing.''' ,'''I'd like to believe that I attract a certain kind of work which has substance because I work very hard towards it.''' ,'''A lot of people that I work with now call me Netflix's poster boy and that makes me so happy as who doesn't want to be.''' ,'''My biggest learning while working with Priyanka was self-confidence. What sets her apart from the rest is her knack for looking out for people. She ensures that, along with her, everyone around her also grows while working on a project.''' ,'''My biggest learning has been understanding that celebrating someone's life is more important than mourning the loss of one.''' ,'''Fans can write what they want, and if we don't want that, our accounts should be private. If it gets creepy and borderline disgusting, then I block them.''' ,]
+++