+++
author = "Ruth Glick"
title = "Ruth Glick Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Ruth Glick Quotes"
keywords = "ruth glick,ruth glick quotes,ruth glick quote,ruth glick sayings,ruth glick saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My heroes are always ready, willing, and able to execute moves necessary to get themselves out of deep trouble.''' ,'''I've always thought that, as a romance writer, I had the best job in the world. I sit around all day making up emotion-drenched, conflict-laden stories that push my heroes and heroines to the edge of sanity. Then I give them a happy ending.''' ,'''I read mostly science-fiction and fantasy when I was a teenager, and I was always drawn to stories where the characters had telepathic powers.''' ,'''There's a scene I particularly like in 'Betrayed' where Shane has been shot in the side. Yet he drives to a small airport, checks out the Rockfort plane and flies himself and Elena to safety. Only when he knows they are out of danger does he allow himself to sit down on the couch and admit he's injured - to a horrified Elena.''' ,''''Nowhere Man' embodies one of my favorite themes - the hero completely out of his element. It's really near and dear to my heart.''' ,'''Not surprisingly, the chief way self-published authors get the word out about their books is through the Internet.''' ,'''In ages past, there was less of a dichotomy between good literature and fun reads. In the twentieth century, I think, it split apart, so that you had serious fiction and genre fiction.''' ,'''People seldom think of soup for summer, so they are unusual - an interesting, unusual touch for the first course or for dessert. I find cold soups very refreshing. I serve them in cups rather than in bowls, usually, and let people sip them. You don't really need a spoon for soups that are all one consistency.''' ,'''Is it better to go indie and make bigger profits on each book, or stick with a print publisher's 6%-10% royalties? Since I never could figure out what I wanted to do when I grew up, I'm hedging my bets and working both sides of the street.''' ,'''For me, the perfect romantic suspense hero has got to be tough on the outside but tender at his core. A take-charge kind of guy who has his own inner strength and a strong sense of right and wrong - which might not dovetail with the conventional wisdom. I mean, he might bend the law if he thinks the ends justify the means.''' ,'''People are in a hurry. They don't want to look at a long list of ingredients. Cooking is terribly hard work.''' ,'''I do a lot of recipe creation. Translation: cooking tempting dishes that must be eaten.''' ,'''People will say, 'I really don't like romance,' or, 'I don't read it - at all!' So how do they know? Weirdly, I think that the 'Fifty Shades of Grey' phenomenon introduced women to romance who would never have read it. And that means that they then go on to read my books, and that would be great.''' ,'''After my husband spell-checks one of my manuscripts, my editor says, 'It's been Normanized.'''' ,'''I love to feed people, and I like to cook food they want to eat and food that will be good for them. I try to cook them things that are lower in fat and see if they will eat them.''' ,'''I didn't know anything about romance novels until a friend suggested that I try writing one. After I read a few, I realized that my favorite part of fiction had always been the relationship aspect.''' ,'''The reason I write romance is that I like happy endings. The idea, you know, 'It's not literature unless is ends badly,' and I really don't like that. There's enough misery and bad things happening in the world.''' ,'''I often think of setting as an important character in my story. 'Dark Powers' takes place in Doncaster, a Maryland Eastern Shore community rich with watermen and historic atmosphere. I modeled it after a stunning little town called St. Michaels, but since a lot of bad things happen in Doncaster, I changed the name.''' ,'''Of course, to publish something, you have to write it, polish it, then hire out the line editing, copy editing and cover design. After which, you pick your way through the minefield of conforming to the differing requirements of Amazon, Barnes & Noble and Smashwords, or hire someone to do it for you.''' ,'''The hero of 'Dark Powers' can touch murder victims and read their last memories.''' ,'''If you're chained to a computer all day, you're not using up much energy, even if you drag yourself to the gym a couple of days a week. And to make matters worse for me, I've had a secondary career right along with my romance writing - cookbook author, under my real name, Ruth Glick.''' ,'''Unfortunately for me, most of the books I'd want to reprint were written for savvy publishers like Harlequin and Berkley who have held on to electronic rights. But I do have another option: Publish new e-books myself.''' ,'''I have the power to write these books where I invent characters that I really like, and it gets to come out the way they want it to come out, and I get to make it happen.''' ,'''Nobody's life is as romantic as it is in fiction.''' ,''''Betrayed' starts off with Shane Gallagher rescuing Elena Reyes and a group of hostages from a madman with a gun. And as the story progresses and Shane's feelings for Elena blossom, his urge to protect her grows.''' ,]
+++