+++
author = "Playboi Carti"
title = "Playboi Carti Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Playboi Carti Quotes"
keywords = "playboi carti,playboi carti quotes,playboi carti quote,playboi carti sayings,playboi carti saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want everybody to get money.''' ,'''I'm an OG. I was an OG when I was 16. I was an OG when I made the decision I don't want to go to school anymore and start skipping to make music.''' ,'''I was the first to wear colored skinny jeans.''' ,'''A lot of my fans come from the SoundCloud platform.''' ,'''I don't like baggy clothes.''' ,'''I didn't have Cartier. I didn't have Gucci, Louis, none of that.''' ,'''I'm the type of guy that always respect the older rappers who paved the way for us to get here.''' ,'''I love women to death.''' ,'''I feel like I have something to prove. I'm just not this cool fashion kid that be around ASAP Rocky.''' ,'''You really don't find too many good people. You really don't. Keep them around.''' ,'''Where I am from, people are into designer brands, but not, like, the cool ones, just like any designer brand, and I wasn't that type.''' ,'''I want my impact to be legendary.''' ,'''I didn't have anything growing up.''' ,'''You cannot be from Atlanta and not know who Gucci Mane is, period.''' ,'''Frank Ocean, he's the G.O.A.T.''' ,'''As an artist, you always want to never forget where you come from.''' ,'''I know who Michael Jackson is, I know who Prince is, I know the Isley Brothers, all that. Still, I got my own thing going with this music.''' ,'''I feel like it's important for me to expand, to create my own label. With a label, I can just give someone the opportunity that I was given, you know? That's what it's all about, just helping.''' ,'''Curren$y used to be my favorite rapper.''' ,'''I'm getting into interior design.''' ,'''I'm really into Bam Margera. I've met him twice now. He's, like, crazy.''' ,'''I want everyone to remember me as just a mogul.''' ,'''It's all about the flow and the beat. Rap is more than just music now.''' ,'''I've always been a thrift store kid.''' ,'''When you go out, go out with a bang, anything you do.''' ,]
+++