+++
author = "Adrian Grenier"
title = "Adrian Grenier Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Adrian Grenier Quotes"
keywords = "adrian grenier,adrian grenier quotes,adrian grenier quote,adrian grenier sayings,adrian grenier saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Because when you go out, and you have fun, basically you're performing for these tabloid outlets and the paparazzi. And when you perform and create this story, they're chuffed - they get excited, they capture it, and they put it out.''' ,'''Not to say that you shouldn't strive for success, but don't forget why you're doing it. It's not just for adoration.''' ,'''I don't shop. I haven't shopped in about four years.''' ,'''You can't scale if you do it alone, you really need to work with others.''' ,'''I have always chosen roles that I believed in - not ones that I thought might further my career.''' ,'''I want to show people that environmentalism can be fun!''' ,'''I think we need to recognize that learning is a lifelong goal, a lifelong experience.''' ,'''Once you get into the habit of work, you can be more productive in the things you want to do.''' ,'''We are on parallel paths with the planet. The wants and needs of marine wildlife are our own: we want connection, companionship, a healthy clean environment.''' ,'''Tabloids can be fun. I see stuff sometimes and have a good laugh.''' ,'''I think winter wear is communal. You get some gloves and a scarf from a lost-and-found box, wash them, wear them for a while until you lose them. Then somebody else does the same thing.''' ,'''I think, in a lot of ways, celebrities represent the American dream. They have financial fluidity and options at their disposal.''' ,'''You ask any actor - they'll tell you they'd rather shoot on location because you don't have to invent the energy, the energy is there.''' ,'''Secondly, love and relationships are complicated. No one could ever get it right in a four-line sentence.''' ,'''Celebrities become divas because they get pampered so much, babied so much - then they get used to it.''' ,'''What is important is family, friends, giving back to your community and finding meaning in life.''' ,'''I think anybody who's famous has to deal with their fame in their own way, and I dealt with it by making a film about a kid who's looking out into the world of celebrity obsession.''' ,'''Success is knowing that your contribution is what helps the collective.''' ,'''We have a lot to learn from everyone.''' ,'''Being performers, that's what we do: We put on shows and want people to watch.''' ,'''I don't need success, I just need to be constantly evolving.''' ,'''We learn from each other. We learn from others' mistakes, from their experience, their wisdom. It makes it easier for us to come to better decisions in our own lives.''' ,'''I was rebellious.''' ,'''My family is mostly a chosen one. I've managed to invite some really amazing people into my life and they become family. Brothers, sisters, siblings, mentors, role models. And I like to live that way, where your family bleeds out into the larger community.''' ,'''It's enough to indulge and to be selfish but true happiness is really when you start giving back.''' ,'''Certainly, if it had been anything other than an HBO show I'd probably still be in Mexico now with a Mexican wife and kids.''' ,'''I can't tell you what your purpose is, that's got to come from you.''' ,'''My only ambition when I came to Hollywood was to pay my rent.''' ,'''I'm one with New York, and New York is one with me. I grew up there; there's no escaping it. We're like Siamese twins, if you separate us, I'll die.''' ,'''Well, obviously I'm not Mark Wahlberg - I have much better abs and I look much better in a pair of Calvin Kleins but when I saw Mark Wahlberg interacting with the world, I realised that his stardom was sort of a result of the movies he had done and the publicity that he had got and the work that he did.''' ,'''It's really important to find a humble approach to your own creative work, your own business work. To recognize that you can't do everything yourself.''' ,'''I have a bunch of concepts and ideas that I want to do but I have also been growing my production company in general and looking to branch out of projects that I am directing and producing.''' ,]
+++