+++
author = "Shirin Neshat"
title = "Shirin Neshat Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Shirin Neshat Quotes"
keywords = "shirin neshat,shirin neshat quotes,shirin neshat quote,shirin neshat sayings,shirin neshat saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There is nothing negative about a group of people crying out for democracy - and if my voice counts, I will be vocal.''' ,'''I'm really interested in social justice, and if an artist has a certain power of being heard and voicing something important, it's right to do it. It could still be done in such a way that it's not aggressive or overly didactic. I'm trying to find that form.''' ,'''I believe we don't need to widen the divide between the West and Islam. Rather, we need to build dialogue to encourage tolerance and respect.''' ,'''My father was a doctor, but he was what I would call an intellectual - very well-read and very interested in knowledge. He insisted that I get as much education as my brothers.''' ,'''I believe and support the feminist movement, but I am not generally interested in considering women's rights in relation to equality with men, or in a competition with men, but rather within their own rights and feminine space.''' ,'''I think of myself, an Iranian/American artist, and wonder what would I want if I'm ever imprisoned by the Iranian government for the work that I make? I answer: I would hope that the United States government comes to my rescue.''' ,'''Being political is an integral part of being Iranian. Our lives are defined by politics.''' ,'''I'm an artist, I'm not an activist.''' ,'''Magical realism allows an artist like myself to inject layers of meaning without being obvious. In American culture, where there is freedom of expression, this approach may seem forced, unnecessary and misunderstood. But this system of communication has become very Iranian.''' ,'''The first years of my life in the U.S. were very difficult.''' ,'''Every Iranian artist dreams of the black market. We don't care about making money.''' ,]
+++