+++
author = "Agnieszka Radwanska"
title = "Agnieszka Radwanska Quotes"
quotes_len = "5"
description = "the best 5 Agnieszka Radwanska Quotes"
keywords = "agnieszka radwanska,agnieszka radwanska quotes,agnieszka radwanska quote,agnieszka radwanska sayings,agnieszka radwanska saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Sometimes you can really serve well and win the match because of the serve. I have the opposite thing now, so it's kind of hard. I can just really play with my forehand and backhand.''' ,'''If somebody knows me, they know for sure I'm from Poland because I'm playing for my country every tournament, every match. I'm staying in my hometown and my home country because that is where I feel comfortable. I feel good there.''' ,'''This is a dream from when I was kid. I'm playing tennis almost 18 years, and of course everybody's dream is to play the final of a Grand Slam.''' ,'''When people are coming to Krakow and we show them how and where we practice, they are like, 'Seriously? Are you kidding me?' But we're always saying that what matters about the courts - the lines, the nets - are the same. I'm practicing in Poland even when I don't have good facilities.''' ,'''It's always difficult, especially the U.S. Open, the last of the Grand Slams. It's always tough because you know, the season is very long. I really played a lot this year. Sometimes it's really hard to stay focused all the time because you're really tired after the whole season.''' ,]
+++