+++
author = "Joe Jackson"
title = "Joe Jackson Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Joe Jackson Quotes"
keywords = "joe jackson,joe jackson quotes,joe jackson quote,joe jackson sayings,joe jackson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You put him in front of 50,000 people, he's at home.''' ,'''Do you know how many plastic surgeries are done to the actors and actresses in Hollywood?''' ,'''It's all about the money.''' ,'''This is just the United States. All the rest of the countries, all over the world, are proud of Michael. It's here we have the most trouble out of them.''' ,'''Michael had Neverland. It was his mission before Michael passed away to create a theme park, and we are taking over that mission.''' ,'''If he hadn't done that interview with Bashir, he wouldn't be there now. That was the first time he ever did an interview like that. He was afraid of something like that all along. And it happened.''' ,'''Michael is a kid, sort of, like, I mean, Michael is a kid himself; he's never really grown up.''' ,'''He'll come back to visit, but not to stay, not to live.''' ,'''Michael was a type of person the whole family went behind who crossed all borders with his music.''' ,'''How could they call him wacko? He's sold more records than anybody in history.''' ,'''We know our son. We know he's not a pedophile like some of these newscasters are saying. That is not true.''' ,'''Michael, if he wants an operation on his nose, plastic surgery, hey, he can do it. It's his right.''' ,'''I fed them every day. So it was a papa that kept food on the table for them. I did that. I did my part.''' ,'''He shouldn't be alone at a time like this. This is a special time for me to be around as much as I can. He needs his family and his friends and his fans.''' ,'''Anything you get involved with, you are supposed to make money.''' ,'''When you chastised a youngster back in the early ages, we called it a whipping.''' ,'''They're really nice kids. Michael is really raising them properly and right.''' ,'''In being strict, you were able to control.''' ,'''They didn't treat him right here. I know if I was him, I wouldn't come back.''' ,'''It wasn't easy to get the family to this point. I had to work two jobs. I had all nine kids. I stayed there with them and got them all into show biz. I don't care what anyone else said, I did my job.''' ,'''I did tell security to make sure you stay and watch him pretty closely.''' ,'''I am very proud of my family, and I will continue to seek justice for my son.''' ,'''I'm never going to let nobody take those kids. They Michael's kids. They have no right to try to take those kids. It's going to be a big mess over that.''' ,'''We didn't make no mistakes. We didn't make no mistakes.''' ,'''All I know is, he's a good kid, and he's done right all his life. And he always treats other people right.''' ,]
+++