+++
author = "Barbara Broccoli"
title = "Barbara Broccoli Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Barbara Broccoli Quotes"
keywords = "barbara broccoli,barbara broccoli quotes,barbara broccoli quote,barbara broccoli sayings,barbara broccoli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One would think that it would be very easy, with an iconic character like James Bond, to keep making the films, but it hasn't been. But, it sure has been entertaining and rewarding.''' ,'''Never give up, have the passion. Don't be afraid.''' ,'''Bad movies are when people go, 'oh, I wasted $10 bucks and 2 hours and I don't even want to go back again.'''' ,'''I think Bond the character is distinct: He's British, he has a certain code that he lives by, he's incorruptible... he's a classical hero, but he's also fallible. He has inner demons, inner conflicts, and he's a romantic.''' ,'''The paparazzi terrify and torment people and endanger people and it's really unpleasant.''' ,'''Most people don't really understand what it takes to get a film made, and the struggles .I think anyone who makes a film goes through their own set of struggles.''' ,'''I guess the reality is, everybody today has so many gadgets.''' ,'''So as I was growing up, my father was always in the middle of making a film or preparing a film. It was a full-time, all-consuming type of operation.''' ,'''Every 20 minutes you've got to have a bump, you've got to have a change in course, you've got to unsettle the audience. It can't be too predictable so something has to happen. I think that was something that Hitchcock did very well too. You couldn't let an audience feel too settled in.''' ,'''All I can say is that I had an extraordinary childhood.''' ,'''When men change, maybe Bond will change. But let's wait. I'm not holding my breath.''' ,'''People go to extraordinary lengths to get films made.''' ,'''There's a lot of instant spotlight and pressure when it comes to a Bond song.''' ,'''The world is still sexist.''' ,'''I cannot even remember a time before being conscious of James Bond.''' ,]
+++