+++
author = "John Raese"
title = "John Raese Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 John Raese Quotes"
keywords = "john raese,john raese quotes,john raese quote,john raese sayings,john raese saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a native West Virginian and I've been called everything from a hillbilly to a stump jumper. I'm always proud of it; I'm very proud to be a West Virginian.''' ,'''The minimum wage is not something that you want to stay on as a permanent basis. For example, if you have a minimum wage job, you don't stay there 20 or 30 years. You don't put your children through college working on minimum wage.''' ,'''We ought to start running the government like a private-sector business. I have that ability as CEO of our companies. I have line item vetoes, and if I didn't, we'd probably be out of business by now.''' ,'''One volcano puts out more toxic gases - one volcano - than man makes in a whole year. And when you look at this 'climate change,' and when you look at the regular climate change that we all have in the world, we have warm and we have cooling spells.''' ,'''The oceans that surround the world produce 185 billion tons of CO2 per annum. Man per annum only produces six billion tons, so what could possibly be the concern?''' ,'''I have a special child and there are not a lot of services around for that special child, and so we picked out a school that would be a very good school for her.''' ,'''Every time you have a new tax, or every time you have to pay really an inordinate amount for a regulation, it's really stifling this country and really stifling American business.''' ,'''The minimum wage is something that F.D.R. put in place a long time ago during the Great Depression. I don't think it worked then. It didn't solve any problems then and it hasn't solved any problems in 50 years.''' ,'''I say we need to repeal Obamacare as fast as we can.''' ,'''I made my money the old-fashioned way; I inherited it. I think that's a great thing to do.''' ,'''Barack wants to stop all children from working on the farm... Can you imagine this? I just, I can't fathom that. Did you ever think we'd grow up in America and see something like that? Let me take it one step further. He wants to disallow the 4-H from training children to work on a farm.''' ,'''I've been a conservative in West Virginia before that was popular. I've seen a change in West Virginia. Not a change in John Raese, but a change in West Virginia and a change in America.''' ,'''Why do I hate Obamacare? Because it is a blast against freedom. It is a socialist program which will not work. It hasn't worked anywhere in the world. It will be repealed.''' ,'''We spend millions of dollars every year just for the right to pay our taxes, but once again, do we really need to do that? Why don't we simplify it? And I've certainly looked at fair tax, I've looked at flat tax, and if I get to the U.S. Senate, I'd like to review that.''' ,]
+++