+++
author = "Josephine De La Baume"
title = "Josephine De La Baume Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Josephine De La Baume Quotes"
keywords = "josephine de la baume,josephine de la baume quotes,josephine de la baume quote,josephine de la baume sayings,josephine de la baume saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm quite compulsive about exercise. For two months, I'll exercise every day, then for three months I'll do nothing. I love food, so exercise is important for me.''' ,'''I was a big fan of Ron Howard of course, so it was fantastic to meet him.''' ,'''I like to look like a tomboy during the day and then a pin-up girl at night.''' ,'''I don't have a collection, but I have a thing with jackets. I really like jackets. Whether it's an '80s motorbike jacket, or a Victorian jacket. I could wear the same jeans every day for months, but the jacket would be the thing that would change a lot.''' ,'''Jeanne Moreau, Lauren Bacall, they had this unconventional beauty, this amazing charisma.''' ,'''When you see an Alexander McQueen fashion show, you are taken on a journey. It's surreal.''' ,'''My little brother and I took piano lessons at a young age and played music together later on in life just to play around at home until we decided to make a record. Eventually we started having more and more songs.''' ,'''I personally have no shame in saying I am extremely interested in fashion. I am not as interested in trends. I won't go on Style.com unless I'm looking for stuff to wear to an event, or there's a designer I am interested in.''' ,'''Your heart weeps a little bit when you have to say goodbye to a crew you spend two months with, but when it comes to the part, when you live so close to someone for two months, it kind of fades away and then you see her again on screen later on.''' ,'''I grew up with classical music blasting in my parents' living room and my older brother's practicing saxophone in his room listening to jazz... a beautiful chaos.''' ,'''When you're a French woman and you have a lot of Latin blood, you can be very dramatic. It definitely makes your personal life exciting - and exhausting.''' ,'''I don't really consider myself a model, to be honest. I respect designers; I think it's another art, you know.''' ,'''I'm short and curvy, but I think people want to work with me for reasons other than what I look like.''' ,'''My brother has a tendency to get quite lyrical when he writes music; he gets so romantic, it's borderline. I make it slightly more aggressive. I make the round corner a bit sharper.''' ,'''Remember that when you're young and your career feels like the most important thing, the most important thing is love and the relationships you have with people - boyfriend, friends and family. It's good to remember that.''' ,'''I think the French have a romantic cliche that Englishmen have great style, great music, irony and sense of humour. Well, sometimes cliches are true.''' ,'''I'm not the typical dress size - being a model just isn't how I think of myself.''' ,'''I'm a master of heels. I'm used to them. I'm tiny, so I wear them all the time. Apart from to the beach. That would be slightly psycho. I'm over the top, but not that much yet.''' ,'''You can really only enjoy life when you're extremely busy.''' ,'''Acting and making music are quite complementary. Acting relies on someone else's writing and direction; writing music or lyrics doesn't. But they are both creative and personal in completely different ways.''' ,'''I'm not super-conservative, but a bit of tradition is nice.''' ,'''I think London, New York, Paris, Milan, any big city has its own fashion. I don't know why they make such a big thing of Paris. I think maybe it comes from French New Wave films portraying the French girl as very feminine.''' ,]
+++