+++
author = "Giovani Dos Santos"
title = "Giovani Dos Santos Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Giovani Dos Santos Quotes"
keywords = "giovani dos santos,giovani dos santos quotes,giovani dos santos quote,giovani dos santos sayings,giovani dos santos saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My dad was my manager when I was young, but as a professional, Frank Rijkaard.''' ,'''The dream of every footballer and why we train and work is to reach the top, and a World Cup is the top.''' ,'''My big goal is to be a champion in MLS.''' ,'''I'm really happy with how things have gone in Santander. I think coming back to Spanish football has been crucial. This is where I grew up as a player, where I learnt the game.''' ,'''I'm happy with the decision I've taken. I get up in the morning, and I'm happy, and that is what is important for me in the end. I greet my family, my brothers, my parents. Me being happy doesn't have a price.''' ,'''Things don't always go your way in football: there are always good and bad times. At the end of the day, you have to have a positive attitude and a strong mentality and not let any setbacks get you down. And that's what I've done - I've tried to keep my composure, even when things aren't going the way I'd like.''' ,'''I played with great teammates like Ronaldinho and Messi. I think they are two of the greatest players in the history of football.''' ,'''It's a short career, so I always try to focus, and I want to be in the elite for a long time.''' ,'''I'm getting fitter, and I have more confidence. I feel like I'm getting better every game.''' ,'''MLS is a league that is growing. What can I say? The league is more physical: the players here can play 90 minutes or more. There is a little bit more quality in Spain, because it's more technical, but it's difficult to say.''' ,'''In Mexico, they didn't demand you controlled well, or they didn't get mad because of a bad pass. In La Masia, they demand perfection. Competition is the core principle.''' ,'''For me, the best player in the world is Messi, but the second one is Cristiano.''' ,]
+++