+++
author = "Suniel Shetty"
title = "Suniel Shetty Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Suniel Shetty Quotes"
keywords = "suniel shetty,suniel shetty quotes,suniel shetty quote,suniel shetty sayings,suniel shetty saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Working with a Hollywood unit was absolutely delightful. I felt like an actor. I was treated like one. I performed like one.''' ,'''I still refuse films offered to me at phenomenal prices and am doing some for peanuts.''' ,'''I do want to live life king size, yes. But I also want to spend a lot on my children and give them happiness and security.''' ,'''A person with a robust personality appears capable of doing anything. This is what the common man lacks. This is the dividing factor, the difference between the hero and the common man.''' ,'''I feel that 'Rudraksh' is Mani Shankar's answer to Steven Spielberg.''' ,'''As an actor, I don't want to talk too much about my future films because this industry is such that even after half a film has been complete, it can be shelved.''' ,'''Yeh Tera Ghar Yeh Mera Ghar' is a well made film.''' ,'''There's no way I see myself as a director. Direction is far too creative.''' ,'''I feel you've got to be young and dynamic to be in politics.''' ,'''I was very happy when my first movie was successful. That success paired with my trained body allowed me to believe and dream that I would be the next Amitabh Bachchan in the industry. Unfortunately, it remained a distant dream.''' ,'''To a Sunil Shetty, J P Dutta was god.''' ,'''My dad lost his father when he was nine and ran away from home to come to Mumbai to feed his mother and his three siblings.''' ,'''Considering 'Kaante' is an action film, its music is brilliant.''' ,'''I have always considered Amitabh Bachchan God. There is no other word to describe him.''' ,'''I use stairs and walk as much as possible.''' ,'''Failures in film do not mean much to me because at the end of the day, I am successful in my life.''' ,'''I'm human. As human as any Indian. And every Pakistani is as human as every Indian.''' ,'''I am not a loser. It's not that I have a ego, but I do believe in winning.''' ,'''I make sure that I spend quality time with my family.''' ,'''Trust, faith and belief in your partner is a basic necessity for any relationship to survive.''' ,'''It is very difficult for a South Indian to do well in Hindi films. But I have been very sincere and have put in a lot of hard work.''' ,'''Whenever evil is destroyed people are happy. Then what's wrong in depicting positive violence?''' ,'''All junior artistes feel they will become like Amitabh Bachchan or Shah Rukh Khan. That is everyone's dream in the industry.''' ,'''I can never forget that first taste of success.''' ,'''I would rather be attached to well-made, big-budget films.''' ,'''You see, I believe a producer's job today is as important as that of a director.''' ,'''Every time I hear a revenge story, I run the opposite direction. I just don't think such stories have any novelty value.''' ,'''My philosophy is, involve your family in whatever you do. Nothing gives you more joy.''' ,'''I have realised I am a director's actor.''' ,'''When I started my career as an actor, I had no guidance from anyone.''' ,'''I am a very private person, so on my birthday too I will spend a cozy time with my family and a few close friends!''' ,'''Shah Rukh is a one-man industry. You have to accept that and salute him.''' ,'''I practice yoga for an hour every day and 4 days a week I do physical training.''' ,'''I believe in training every day and eating right.''' ,'''I work hard, I am punctual and believe that I am sincere.''' ,'''Fitness for me is wellness. It means being healthy - mentally and physically.''' ,'''My son does enjoy my action films. But the women in my family would be happier if I did socially relevant films.''' ,'''I was born in Mangalore, where my nani lived, but was raised throughout in Mumbai.''' ,'''If anyone says negative things about me, then it stays with me for many years.''' ,'''I want to stay fit for my family.''' ,'''As a child, I couldn't afford going to the gym, so I started doing pull-ups, push-ups, suryanamaskar, dand baithak and other forms of yoga. I also trained in martial arts and practiced freehand exercises.''' ,'''I think 'Main Hoon Na' is like the comeback of a Manmohan Desai film. Farah Khan made you laugh, cry and dance.''' ,'''My look is very different in 'Main Hoon Na.' I don't look like the same Suniel Shetty.''' ,'''Critics can get you critical acclaim - nothing more than that. Success or failure depends on the public.''' ,'''As a businessman, Sunil Shetty is dumb. His image as a 'businessman' is what his partners should have. They deserve all the credit.''' ,'''Even I as an individual cannot talk on behalf of the entire industry.''' ,'''I see Modi like Gujarat sees him.''' ,'''I believe that a healthy mind is essential for a healthy body.''' ,'''I started my clothing brand when I was 18.''' ,'''Even if I can change the life of one child, I shall feel blessed.''' ,'''When we are growing up, we all have our dreams - and for me, I idolised the men of the Indian army, navy, air force.''' ,'''I give special treatment to every single muscle in my body.''' ,'''Wherever I go I bask in the glory of the compliments showered at me by everyone that I have a beautiful wife.''' ,'''I lead a very regimented life.''' ,'''I am proud of both my kids, Athiya and Ahan. They are good and respectful towards their work and other people.''' ,'''There was a phase when I cried for days and doubted my decision to be an actor when my films were not doing well. But soon I stood up and decided to do something that could set me apart. I decided to excel in what others didn't have, I focused on my actions and my fitness.''' ,'''I believe that when you have only one life, it makes sense to live it to the full - so whatever interesting and enterprising comes my way, I want to get into.''' ,'''People wrote me off when I joined the industry, my looks were criticised, my acting was slammed, my films didn't do well. These things changed only slowly, and after a struggle.''' ,'''My parents had something to say about everything I did. As a kid, I thought they were against me. Now I realise they were mostly right.''' ,'''If kids remember me as a national hero, why would I mind? In fact, I'd give my right arm for that.''' ,'''When you are fit and beautiful you are appreciated, you become more confident.''' ,'''I am blessed to have a family like mine. If you have a good family then nothing else really matters.''' ,'''Producers do not seem to understand that they are cutting into each other's business. They complete their films at the same time and do not space their releases.''' ,'''My dad likes my honesty and has always stood by me due to that.''' ,'''I remember a few years ago, two of my films - Gulzar Saab's 'Hu tu tu' and Shakeel Noorani's 'Bade Dilwala' - were released simultaneously. 'Bade Dilwala' suffered although it was a good film.''' ,'''My children have been my friends and they share anything and everything with me.''' ,'''I don't want to depend on anyone.''' ,'''Critics matter to me.''' ,'''A healthy body breeds a healthy mind.''' ,'''In business, my head needs to rule over my heart.''' ,'''I want to work in sure shot films.''' ,'''I have goodwill in the film industry because I have always been disciplined.''' ,'''When the audience comes out of the theatre, they should remember your role and appreciate you for it. They should not forget you.''' ,'''I met Vivian Richards for the first time when I was 14. I had never seen such forearms like his.''' ,'''Comedy is very difficult. You've got to have a perfect sense of timing.''' ,'''For me, people like Salman Khan, Akshay Kumar and Ajay Devgn have set the fitness bar very, very high.''' ,'''I do binge once a week. Otherwise, I keep strict control over my diet. Unlike others, I don't stop eating once I start.''' ,'''I have done comedy and romance. So I thought why not try negative roles too.''' ,'''I face the camera every day as a student as there is a lot to learn. You become an actor when you put emphasis on smaller details.''' ,'''I used to perform stunts that made me stand distinctly among my peers.''' ,'''When I am in Kolkata, I can't resist the food. I eat everything, but I measure my food intake.''' ,'''I have managed to stay fit all thanks to my habits. I train regularly and have maintained great fitness habits.''' ,'''I believe in natural food.''' ,'''Health is not attained in a day, you have to be consistent.''' ,'''I think action films are a huge draw in places like Bihar.''' ,'''If I were to become a politician and people from the opposition criticised me then I will not feel good. So, I stay away from these things.''' ,'''Fitness is basically a way of life for me. I enjoy being fit and because of that, there is a complete discipline in my family too.''' ,'''I want to do good films. I also want to be a whizkid in business.''' ,'''If you don't push yourself to the limit, no one else will do it for you.''' ,'''Sports seemed an exciting medium to me.''' ,'''I live by this rule - breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince and dinner like a pauper.''' ,'''You may or may not like 'Baaz.' But you will definitely say I have done something different.''' ,'''I play Harsh Vardhan, a good cop. 'Baaz' is a thriller, in which you doubt every character. I loved the script, as it is very tight and exciting.''' ,'''Athiya breaks down very easily when it comes to health of the family, for instance the health of my father. For me, my daughter has always been very special.''' ,'''I have put my heart and soul in 'Baaz.'''' ,'''For me, workout is the way of life.''' ,'''My debut film was a hit, but I never benefited from it.''' ,'''It matters a lot to me to be strong and fit.''' ,'''I want to play characters that are real, that have depth in them.''' ,'''Kaante' will help the film industry. Very few films are like this one - pre-production in Europe, one-schedule shoot, well planned post-production.''' ,]
+++