+++
author = "Fahadh Faasil"
title = "Fahadh Faasil Quotes"
quotes_len = "81"
description = "the best 81 Fahadh Faasil Quotes"
keywords = "fahadh faasil,fahadh faasil quotes,fahadh faasil quote,fahadh faasil sayings,fahadh faasil saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''All I want to do is to make movies that are appealing to people.''' ,'''I would like to do movies of all genres.''' ,'''I am a person who doesn't like responsibility of any kind. But I do enjoy what I do.''' ,'''I would like to look funny on screen, doing comedy.''' ,'''I want my films to make money first. Awards and all can come later.''' ,'''Mohan Raja is an interesting filmmaker. He is constantly, if I may use the word, contradicting himself. He explains a scene, and then he will try to break that and rebuild it. That, to me, is filmmaking. Every scene is constructed after a lot of discussions.''' ,'''I will continue to do films that excite me.''' ,'''Working with Thiagarajan Kumararaja in 'Super Deluxe' was absolutely mind-blowing.''' ,'''The characters I portray are an extension of what I've seen, heard, or read, and so what you see in my films are how I understand life.''' ,'''People expect star kids to be perfect - horse-riding, fighting.''' ,'''I never wanted to be an actor but ended up being one.''' ,'''People often ask whether marriage has changed me. I didn't marry because I had to change.''' ,'''Every character, when it comes to a cinematic representation, gets complicated and layered. You are given a lot of dimensions than a single dimension to an individual. That's the main difference between seeing something out of the window and seeing something on screen.''' ,'''The five directors in '5 Sundarikal' experimented, and it was a very personal exercise. Amal, Anwar, Aashiq, and Sameer have done things that they have never done before. Debutant Shyju has also made a beautiful film.''' ,'''I don't know how to be professional. But I always enjoy what I do.''' ,'''It doesn't matter to me how I look on screen. What matters to me is how I connect with the audience.''' ,'''You can probably ask any actor: every time you start a new film, it's literally like your first movie. Everyone, regardless of the filmmaker being a debutant or a veteran, takes their time to settle down when you begin the shoot together. It's like all of us have moved into a new house, and we are setting up the place.''' ,'''There are two kinds of films: the ones that are devoid of logic but can still hijack the audience, and those that can win them over with logic. Both kinds can succeed, and I like to work in both.''' ,'''My films may not have a great opening, but I am not bothered about it. Whatever the numbers be, I want those viewers who come for my films to be excited about watching the movie.''' ,'''Failure is part and parcel of the process of experimenting with roles and films.''' ,'''Roles don't fascinate me. It is the narrative, the screenplay that is fascinating.''' ,'''I am not affected or carried away by success or failure.''' ,'''I trust my directors to see me through, for I don't consider myself as a natural actor - or a good one at that.''' ,'''Offscreen, I'm a private person. I'm shy and don't know how to face the public.''' ,'''As an actor, you create a character from your understanding of what you have heard and your observations. Eventually, every film is an extension of the images that I have seen or what I have heard or read somewhere.''' ,'''I don't expect to win awards while working in films.''' ,'''When I listen to a basic thought, I try to visualise the cinema in it. Sometimes it is dark, sometimes boyish, sometimes amateurish. It is a trial and error method. But the bottom line is that I want to entertain the audience.''' ,'''If I had my way, I want to do 15 films in a year, but I have realised I cannot physically do that.''' ,'''I have grown up seeing success and failure.''' ,'''It feels good to hear good things about yourself.''' ,'''I have never been 100% confident that I am right about anything.''' ,'''I want to entertain viewers as much as possible.''' ,'''I believe that anyone with a bit of guidance can act.''' ,'''I want my films to do the talking. I feel if people have to understand me better, I should do more good films. I just want them to know me through my films.''' ,'''I will happily sit at home and take care of the house.''' ,'''I like to laugh and to make people laugh.''' ,'''I'm not a person who goes out of my way to change my look. I like my characters to look as natural as possible.''' ,'''I have been fortunate to collaborate with people who have been open to discussion. If I tell them something, they have always explained to me why they want it the other way.''' ,'''I'm an actor who evolves once the shoot starts.''' ,'''Failure affects me hard.''' ,'''When I began acting, my biggest fear was whether the audience will appreciate the kind of films I do.''' ,'''I've always wanted to do a role based on a real-life person.''' ,'''I want the audience to watch my films, and that is what I value more than any awards.''' ,'''I wasn't really sure about the kind of films I wanted to be a part of. That's when I saw 'Aaranya Kaandam.' I was stunned; it was such a stylish film.''' ,'''I have always maintained that the audience should take a call on this. Its up to them to decide whether they want to see a pirated version or not. They should understand the effort and amount of hard work that go into a film.''' ,'''I think it would be a dream for any actor to play someone like Changampuzha.''' ,'''What I look for in a project is whether the storyline excites me.''' ,'''Mistakes happen, and then you try to overcome those. I like that process.''' ,'''I enjoyed working on 'Maheshinte Prathikaram.'''' ,'''I give my best to each role that I do.''' ,'''The closest encounter I had with films in my childhood was sitting on the lap of my father at a shooting set, and he would say 'rain,' and it started raining, and then he would say 'song,' and people started dancing. I thought I was sitting on God's lap.''' ,'''Let me make something clear: I can't do anything in particular to make others laugh. I do what is necessary for a character. The body language of the character may make others laugh.''' ,'''I often see only my mistakes. I always feel I could have done better. Every artist goes through it.''' ,'''When I am with my friends, I am comfortable.''' ,'''My father hasn't backed me in any way, and I don't think anybody has backed me.''' ,'''I am a bad boy. I don't come across clearly to a lot of people, so I am bad for them.''' ,'''I like movies made by Spike Lee - doing those films out of the U.S., that is really daring.''' ,'''It is easier to produce a film on your own than convincing another person to come on board.''' ,'''My thought process is in Malayalam. So, every time I have to work outside Malayalam, the process is a little stressful. I have to translate my Malayalam thoughts into English and back to Tamil.''' ,'''I love the forest. It is the place where you hear yourself better.''' ,'''For me, 'Diamond Necklace' is a commercial attempt, as it has songs and glamour.''' ,'''I know it's a big gamble, but I want to do good films.''' ,'''The only thing my famous last name got me was a foothold in the industry. That was the easy part. The biggest problem is survival. As Fazil's son, I am expected to know everything - acting, dancing, horse riding... I am not trained in all these, and I don't think I ever will be.''' ,'''Most of the films that I do help me learn something.''' ,'''In Malayalam, I can improvise, and acting is easy because I think in Malayalam, but for 'Velaikkaran,' I had to prepare for a role, which is a first for me.''' ,'''When I choose the scripts, all I look forward to is an impressive narration.''' ,'''I do only what I like. If we do something we don't like, we will become someone else.''' ,'''People know me through my characters. I don't think they have any idea about the individual that I am. They know I am a director's son, and I am married to an actress.''' ,'''The less people know about you, the more you understand how beautiful life is. It's good when you exist only on screen. I don't want them to take me home. I love to have my privacy.''' ,'''When you are talking about human emotions, stardom doesn't matter.''' ,'''Whenever I have really enjoyed being part of a film, it has worked well for me.''' ,'''I've done only things I've liked, and I'm happy that others have liked them, too. I hope it keeps going that way. But l would never want to do films which please just one set of audience; they should connect with everyone.''' ,'''All I believe in is, you need to be yourself.''' ,'''I am an actor, and I would like to reinvent myself through every character that I portray.''' ,'''I feel that entertainment happens when fact and fiction is balanced.''' ,'''I try to choose characters that don't remind the audience of my previous roles. I make a conscious effort for that.''' ,'''If I do a film, I go to the place where it is based on, interact with people, and then, I believe, you pick up things without you even noticing.''' ,'''I thoroughly enjoyed shooting for 'Velaikkaran,' and I made a great friend in Sivakarthikeyan during the process. Also, it was wonderful working with director Mohan Raja. I have not seen a director who takes so much effort to get things the best way possible.''' ,'''I listened to the script of 'Carbon' at the end of 2014. I liked it the moment I heard it. I wanted to do it.''' ,'''I think everything is temporary.''' ,'''It's the failure of my debut film which made me an actor, which made me want to succeed in the industry. But that doesn't mean I regret whatever choices I've made over the years. No, not even 'Kaiyethum Doorathu!'''' ,]
+++