+++
author = "Matthew Daddario"
title = "Matthew Daddario Quotes"
quotes_len = "5"
description = "the best 5 Matthew Daddario Quotes"
keywords = "matthew daddario,matthew daddario quotes,matthew daddario quote,matthew daddario sayings,matthew daddario saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I wasn't acting, I would own a farm. Not like growing crops but maybe have a few animals like cows, and maybe an alpaca or a llama. I would chop wood all day. I would make a living doing that; it's, like, an idealistic scenario for me. It's very contrary to my upbringing, but maybe that's the appeal to it.''' ,'''Every guy has got to have a tuxedo. If you're ever invited to an event where a tuxedo is necessary, you need to have it ready to go. A good-fitting one, too. It just has to look good.''' ,'''If you're trying to impress a girl, go with something that doesn't look like you're trying to impress, but you should still make an effort. It goes back to what you're comfortable with. Look like you're there with interest.''' ,'''The only thing about kissing anyone on screen is that forced intimacy is never pleasant. If you don't want to be kissing someone, it's hard to get over that barrier, and so there's a reluctance to be that close to someone.''' ,'''I have some NASA memorabilia from the early Apollo days that I can't imagine parting with. I've always wanted to play sort of like a space cowboy, too, like the idea of Captain Kirk. I think that's everybody's dream though, right?''' ,]
+++