+++
author = "Sasha Grey"
title = "Sasha Grey Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Sasha Grey Quotes"
keywords = "sasha grey,sasha grey quotes,sasha grey quote,sasha grey sayings,sasha grey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been writing since I was 10 or 11. I started with poetry because that was the easiest thing. It just kind of came naturally. I think at that time West Coast hip hop was huge; all these kids around me were like, 'I want to be a rapper.' But I'm a white girl, not going to be a rapper.''' ,'''People can dress you the way they want, they can do your makeup the way they want, but they can never take away your voice.''' ,'''When I run into disappointment - say, for example, not getting a role I'd hoped for - I just try not to take it personally.''' ,'''My goal is to be myself, and to challenge stereotypes, and to follow the rules, and break them, and make new rules. It's not about doing something that's already been done. That would be silly.''' ,'''My goals are to continue acting and also to produce some independent films in the next few years. Music is a passion of mine, so I also want to continue along that path, creating with my friends.''' ,'''A shiny ring isn't romantic to me. I think thought and love into what you do for the person you're in love with - that's romance.''' ,'''There are so many aspects of human sexuality that we're afraid to talk about, because people still don't understand it. It's not just black and white, you know?''' ,'''Anybody that believes that Adrian Grenier's name is really Vince should probably watch less TV.''' ,'''We do have a distorted view of our fantasies in society, but that's because we don't talk about them enough.''' ,'''I have this brand, I have my name. And I'm going to do what I want because people will buy it. People will enjoy it. So don't tell me I have to follow this formula and sit inside the box. Because I don't.''' ,'''I'm not 18 anymore, so I'm not into starting unnecessary beefs. It's tacky.''' ,'''Promoting education is an effort that is close to my heart. Illiteracy contributes to poverty; encouraging children to pick up a book is fundamental.''' ,'''Reading was very important to me as a kid. It was very inspirational to me. I went to a school where that wasn't encouraged so much, but my parents encouraged that, and it has made me part of who I am.''' ,'''Obviously, I'm still building a name and reputation for myself. The stigmas that come with my past will remain there for quite some time, but I'm not afraid to challenge those things, and I never have been.''' ,'''Whether that's an action film or a comedy or a drama or anything in between, I'm willing to prove that I can play with the big boys.''' ,'''Persistence and determination are incredibly important. But sometimes you need to analyze the situation and understand when you're wrong. You need to be able to cop to being wrong, learn to change, and continue to grow as a human being.''' ,'''I can be a very sarcastic person, and sometimes people take every word I say literally.''' ,'''I'm not one to sit here and judge here. But I think it's funny that the people that condemn the adult industry the most are the ones consuming the product the most.''' ,'''I must confess, I'm not the best cook. I make a mean salsa, as I like hot sauce and, you know, tacos, because I'm a California kid, and that's about it.''' ,'''I sacrificed a lot, in terms of friendship and family, from working so much at such a young age, but I wouldn't be where I am if I hadn't.''' ,'''I find it vulgar that people are so fascinated by natural disasters, and we allow footage of young people that are looting because they have no choice because of natural disaster.''' ,'''I think people need something to believe in, because they don't want to have control over their own lives. They'd rather be able to blame it on an unknown being, or a greater god, or a greater spirit of sorts. And I think it's easier for them to blame it on that.''' ,'''When it comes to romance, I'm really simple. I am really a 'dinner and a movie' type of person, and I love food, so surprise me and order something different or adventurous when it comes to food, and I'm like a kid at Halloween.''' ,'''I'd like to think of myself as somebody who has a voice for liberating female sexuality.''' ,'''I've really been trying to go back to when I was 18 and rediscover the things that drove me, and my passions. How do I get back to being that strong? Because I feel like as I get older, I'm not as fearless as I was when I was 18.''' ,'''I am an actor. I am an artist. I am a daughter. I am a sister. I am a partner. I have a past that some people may not agree with, but it does not define who I am.''' ,'''I don't want to be looked at. I really want to be a home body.''' ,'''I commit to most things I do in life, so I don't really have any serious regrets. But I'll say this: There are plenty of people that I wish I could un-meet. It's kind of an L.A. syndrome.''' ,'''My dad is really just lazy. He has nothing, I feel, to offer this world.''' ,'''Literally, I just love food and I like going to dinner with big groups of people so you can try everything.''' ,'''I'm not very good at parties. I'm a wallflower.''' ,'''Footage of young people getting shot. That bothers me. It hits a nerve.''' ,'''Music is a passion of mine, so I also want to continue along that path, creating with my friends.''' ,'''I wasn't that kid where if you told me 'No,' I was just going to do it anyway.''' ,'''My body is my art, and it's also the tool that I use to make money.''' ,'''Rejection just motivates me to keep trying and to try to do better.''' ,'''I don't think any human being/artist is 100% emotionally stable, based on the human condition and our emotions that relate to it.''' ,'''If I only concentrated on one thing, I would limit myself in life.''' ,'''I think there are very few people, in my generation at least, that are that passionate about what they do.''' ,'''The day I feel like I'm at an office job is the day I'll quit performing in front of a camera.''' ,'''I don't like any one race or look or type of guy. My tastes as far as looks go are very diverse. I like guys with scruffy beards and leather jackets, but I also like a clean-cut 'GQ'-type guy, so my tastes are very ranged among somebody who laughs at my dumb jokes, too. I have plenty of them.''' ,'''I like to work. I don't like to have lulls. I feel like it makes me lazy and uncreative, and that's when your ideas become stagnant.''' ,'''I always had all of these childhood fantasies about wanting to invent things, like a spaceship or a time machine. And everyone's imagined what it would be like to go back in time and change things, to see what would happen if you had a different life. 'Back to the Future' fulfills all of those daydreams. It's the perfect movie.''' ,'''As a woman, and as somebody in the public eye, we always have to be ready for the red carpet and have the nicest outfit, work with the best makeup artist. While all that's nice, we're also human beings.''' ,'''When I'm on an adult set and I'm in a scene, I am myself. I'm not acting. I am playing to the camera, definitely, but I am myself.''' ,'''I guess I've always been attracted to secret societies and the mystery surrounding them.''' ,''''The Girlfriend Experience' was definitely the break-out. When it came out, I started getting other opportunities.''' ,]
+++