+++
author = "Cordae"
title = "Cordae Quotes"
quotes_len = "83"
description = "the best 83 Cordae Quotes"
keywords = "cordae,cordae quotes,cordae quote,cordae sayings,cordae saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Puma just, they really rock with me the long way. They've been rockin with me for a while.''' ,'''YBN is family. Everybody in YBN is family. Nahmir and Jay, those are really my brothers.''' ,'''I'm an introvert, but I disguise my introversion by being an extrovert. If I don't have to be around people, I'm not. If I'm around people, I'm gonna do my thing. But I'm not really with the fake kickin' it - everything's organic, everything's natural.''' ,'''I've been through college, and I lived in a trailer park for five years. I've lived in the trenches of Maryland, and I've lived in the suburbs. I've seen all aspects of American life.''' ,'''Nas' storytelling was just fire.''' ,'''I'm very protective of my energy. You have to protect your energy around outside sources because your positive energy can be canceled out by someone's dark energy.''' ,'''When you're not authentic to yourself, you're lying. You're going to get found out and you're going to slip up.''' ,'''Longevity always come from lyricism. From the people who can actually rap.''' ,'''I liked Big L's wordplay with the multi-syllable rhymes he hit so clean.''' ,'''If you're thinking about your brand over your people, you've lost yourself.''' ,'''I put XXL Freshman on my vision board.''' ,'''When I used to work at Friday's, in a restaurant, that endless appetizer, that was my worst enemy as a server. Oh my god.''' ,'''I set my own goals higher than what anybody else has set for me.''' ,'''I only know English, so I feel like I can be the dopest French rapper ever if I learned French.''' ,'''I just always wear Pumas. I like the work they do in local communities, worldwide.''' ,'''Sometimes as friends, you grow apart and you have different visions for what you wanna do and that's OK, there's no love lost.''' ,'''Just trust your intuition and beware of outsiders.''' ,'''I keep a composition book with me at all times to write rhymes, to write down ideas, write down my thoughts, you know just so I don't forget any ideas.''' ,'''I don't wear jewelry. It's not really my thing.''' ,'''People compare me to Kendrick. I've seen comparisons with Jay-Z, with Nas, with Chance The Rapper. I get a lot of Eminem comparisons.''' ,'''I want to impact the world and the culture in a positive way, spread super dope messages and help people through my music.''' ,'''I'm politically incorrect. I don't get into politics like that. I speak about what I know and what effects me personally, and effects my folks.''' ,'''Hell yea bro I love Puma.''' ,'''If you're getting $80 a show, then you're not getting paid.''' ,'''I don't have nothing to prove.''' ,'''With my fan base, I'm just vulnerable. I'm very transparent and vulnerable.''' ,'''Just stay true to myself. That's not even my goal. That's what you always have to do, 'cause at the end of the day when the cameras are off and you put your phone down, you got to live with yourself, be comfortable and sleep at night with the decisions you've made so I'm just always myself unapologetically.''' ,'''There are a lot of dope people in the DMV: WillThaRapper, Big Flock, GoldLink, Logic, IDK, Rico Nasty, Goonew and Q Da Fool. Seeing them get national attention motivated me to do my thing.''' ,'''Hopefully, somebody who's hearing my music, it's relatable to them, and it strikes a cord with them.''' ,'''The first time I ever visited L.A., I wanted to move here. It's the land of opportunity.''' ,'''Experimenting is part of the process. I remember when I was younger, I spent a whole year just writing on straight trap beats because I just wanted to be able to do that at a high level. So it's about perfecting your craft in every way.''' ,'''Nas, Big L, Rakim, Jay-Z, Eminem, those was all my influences, but I didn't start recording until I was 16.''' ,'''I just want to use my voice and my platform to help people. Whether it be political or therapeutic.''' ,'''Competition is the best form of motivation.''' ,'''The last thing I want to do with my platform is bash another young black man who is getting money.''' ,'''I would always read a lot.''' ,'''I bought an audio technician mic and Pro Tools SE, the demo version and was recording in the basement.''' ,'''Nobody wants to be nameless. Nobody wanna be forgotten.''' ,'''If you can do something that's authentic to yourself, how you feel as a person, then it's gonna be different than everybody else because everybody's different.''' ,'''I was on the debate team.''' ,'''We're just unapologetically ourselves in the DMV.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a Freshman because XXL is really important in the history of hip-hop. It embodies the culture.''' ,'''If you think about it, hip-hop came out of nothing. It was a response to oppression.''' ,'''I was working summer jobs since I was like 11.''' ,'''I don't know, I really try not to pay attention to comparisons, 'cause I'm my own artist. I try to build my own sound.''' ,'''Nahmir got smash hits.''' ,'''Nahmir is just an idiot. He just glorifies street life. He idolizes it.''' ,'''In YBN, we all have our own lanes. We're not necessarily a group. We're more of a collective - it's like a movement. It's like a brotherhood outside of music and everything has been organic.''' ,'''I went to seven different elementary schools.''' ,'''I can rippity rap, lyrical miracle all day, but if you don't have a message behind it and you not saying nothing, it doesn't make sense.''' ,'''Everything I involve myself with is an extension of me, so I take everything super seriously, from the music to the shows. That's the only way to do it.''' ,'''Nas was a huge influence. That's probably my favorite rapper of all time.''' ,'''I want the biggest artist of 2030, 2027 or even 2025 to say, 'I was inspired by Cordae. Cordae is the reason I make music.'''' ,'''Cordae is like my government name. I was like, just be myself. What's a better name than the name my mom gave me, or my pops gave me?''' ,'''I always say I am myself unapologetically.''' ,'''At a festival, the people there are not all your fans, and this gives me a chance to win over new people. I look at it as a challenge.''' ,'''I freestyled the hook to 'Target.' I got into cadence and then it sparked the idea.''' ,'''XXL is the embodiment of hip-hop... Eminem even shouted it out in a song.''' ,'''I don't even really try to do something different. I just do what's authentic to me.''' ,'''I don't wanna marginalize myself. I don't wanna be the overly woke rapper, and I don't wanna be the turned-up rapper.''' ,'''My car had broken down, and a neighbor of mine, this old guy, helped me change a tire. We just had a superdope, thoughtful conversation. And I realized, yo, this is rare. Like, this needs to happen more often.''' ,'''Words are powerful. The tongue is powerful. And when you write it down, and record it, and press it up, it's 100 million times more powerful. It's important to utilize our tongue to help people.''' ,'''My grandmother was a sharecropper. That wasn't even that long ago! My grandma was a sharecropper.''' ,'''I don't try to portray some lifestyle that I'm not living.''' ,'''Hip-hop has always been evolving.''' ,'''My mom is the best. She's the dopest. She just loves everything that's going on. She's very supportive.''' ,'''The artists with lyrical content and who say something seem to outlast the fad rappers - I always noticed that.''' ,'''I got a cool car but I live fairly regular.''' ,'''I'm really grateful for my mom. And my mom always raised me being a single mother. Being a single mother, a lot of stress comes with that. You gotta work, you gotta come home and do everything.''' ,'''I always keep a hoodie on me at all times 'cause you never know when it's gonna rain, you never know when it's gonna get a little cold at night. So, you always got to keep a hoodie. And I always keep like a earth tone hoodie 'cause it always goes with your outfit no matter what you have on.''' ,'''Having a dope mindset and good energy is rare, and you just putting a little bit of your light into someone else can change their whole perspective on life just doing that.''' ,'''My creativeness stems from my love of music. Music is pure emotion. Music is the infinity sign. Music is self-expression in its purest form - it's how I express my anger, my self-doubt, my love. I think my music is very vulnerable and very expressive, very transparent.''' ,'''I like to rehearse a lot. Before I hit the stage, I listen to the songs that I would perform and make sure I execute everything.''' ,'''I want my music to make you reminiscent or nostalgic of your childhood, or take you back to a better place.''' ,'''I'm perfecting my craft as an artist and as a performer, and my shows are getting better each time.''' ,'''You gotta be crazy to want beef with Eminem and MGK is that.''' ,'''For a lot of artists in the entertainment industry, we can't become too jaded with what's going on with our personal lives and still not be connected with our people.''' ,'''Fashion is definitely important. It's like peanut butter and jelly with hiphop music, you know what I'm saying? So, it's a part of you, a part of yourself as a person.''' ,'''I study all the greats.''' ,'''I'm just trying to get better as an artist and as a human being. I feel like that's mad important.''' ,'''Jay-Z was huge. I was like 2 years old throwing up my diamond, rapping. I know all of 'The Blueprint.' I've heard that album 1,000 times. And 'Reasonable Doubt.'''' ,'''Washington D.C. and the entire DMV area are very dope places because they're such musically-inclined areas.''' ,'''We all take life for granted, one way or another.''' ,]
+++