+++
author = "Gregory Smith"
title = "Gregory Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Gregory Smith Quotes"
keywords = "gregory smith,gregory smith quotes,gregory smith quote,gregory smith sayings,gregory smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've gone through several cycles. When I was little, I was the cute kid with missing teeth and funny one-liners. Then I moved on to be the young guy who wanted to be a grownup.''' ,'''I don't have a cell phone.''' ,'''Acting is such a strange thing, it's different for everybody.''' ,'''It's hard to reinvent the wheel with a cop show. But 'Rookie Blue' has a pure emotional center that's not cynical.''' ,'''When I was 16, I was in a film called 'The Patriot.' I spent every second I could on the set watching the director and his team bring America circa 1775 to life. From that moment on, I was hooked.''' ,'''I'll tell you one big misconception. Cops never say 'Freeze!' It might be misinterpreted. They might think you were, like, ordering fries. Or that you had fleas.''' ,'''We've all been there, right? When you meet someone personally and then you find yourself working with them professionally, it's awkward.''' ,'''Odd, interesting names are good to me.''' ,'''I am not a morning person.''' ,'''I backpacked all around the world and kind of found myself. Then I settled back in L.A. and found 'Rookie Blue.'''' ,'''That's basically how I learned everything as an actor. I was just a kid, and I worked with these actors, and I'd ask them questions, and then something would work for me, and I'd try to move forward with it.''' ,'''A couple of my favourite cop movies are 'I Love a Man in Uniform' and 'The Long Goodbye.'''' ,'''I don't cook.''' ,'''I'm not a very good interview, usually.''' ,'''I drive an old Camaro that I got when I was 16. And I've been known to do stupid things with my time, like Friendster.''' ,'''The character I played on 'Everwood' was so serious and melancholic that after doing it for four years, it really started affecting my soul. I was becoming Ephram.''' ,'''My career will come full cycle one day when I play the father of a cute little kid missing teeth who spouts one-liners.''' ,'''I didn't watch a lot of cop shows growing up, but I am a huge fan of 'Southland' now.''' ,'''Some projects feel like the stars are aligning for them from the very beginning.''' ,]
+++