+++
author = "Fernando Torres"
title = "Fernando Torres Quotes"
quotes_len = "80"
description = "the best 80 Fernando Torres Quotes"
keywords = "fernando torres,fernando torres quotes,fernando torres quote,fernando torres sayings,fernando torres saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always live in the present. I never dream about what might happen. Why? It might not.''' ,'''I have good memories and bad memories of games against Chelsea. All the goals are good memories because all of them are special.''' ,'''Football is a team sport and not an individual sport. We win as a team, and every individual is better if we are part of the team.''' ,'''I was not a Liverpool fan or a Chelsea fan in Madrid. I was an Atletico fan. I still am. Maybe they're the only badge I will kiss.''' ,'''My son is a Liverpool fan, and he was already kicking a ball before he was one. He was born in the football city; he had no choice.''' ,'''I can be very shy. I really like to stay at home with my people because I'm really shy. My wife is as well; we're both really shy.''' ,'''One of the reasons I chose to come to Liverpool was because of the mentality of the club. It's a working club and a working city. I don't know why, but I feel like one of the people here. They recognise me and wish me luck, but in Spain, they surround you and you can't do anything. I think they're happy with me here.''' ,'''Winning the European Championship was a great thing for me, and I understood what it was to win a major trophy and what I had been missing.''' ,'''I am a big fan of the Gallagher brothers. At Liverpool, they came a few times; they are friends of Steven Gerrard. It was nice to meet them. When I was in Spain, I couldn't speak English, so I couldn't understand the lyrics. When I came to England, I started studying music and trying to understand what my favourite songs said.''' ,'''For me, Real Madrid are just like any other club, like Barcelona, Milan, Bayern Munich, or Inter. Just another big club.''' ,'''The worst part about not playing is when you think that you are ready to do it. You try to get more minutes, taking the chances, but you end up in a situation where things have not gone well for you for weeks - or for years. That is like swimming wet clothes.''' ,'''Liverpool is a fundamental part of my life. They don't remember me that way, but time will change that. I could not have chosen a better place to go when I left Atletico.''' ,'''It was very hard to go through life as a small boy supporting Atletico.''' ,'''When you play, you do not ask yourself how it feels to be on the bench. You have to live it to understand how difficult it is to be there without being there. To enter a match knowing you do not have the confidence of the coach. To play when you simply don't have the habit of playing.''' ,'''Fitness is important, but the most important thing is how you adapt and the way you feel physically. To adapt to a new position. To try to change your game.''' ,'''In the dressing room, you can never lose that group concept.''' ,'''The Champions League is a big ambition, and all the footballers want to play in it; it is a very important competition.''' ,'''I want to say thanks to the Chelsea fans because I have seen them very, very happy with me for joining Chelsea.''' ,'''Messi is the best. I have not seen or will ever see a player like Lionel Messi.''' ,'''You have to prove yourself every day. You have to live for today.''' ,'''Liverpool was a special city that took to me; I will always remember how special that place was. I obviously don't miss the rain.''' ,'''At Liverpool, I had almost everything but titles. I felt like a king, but the team was falling apart.''' ,'''At Liverpool, winning is customary.''' ,'''I had team-mates who didn't care if the team won or lost because they were not playing. I never wanted to be like that.''' ,'''My baby will be growing up in Liverpool, so we have another Scouser.''' ,'''My father worked every day; my brother and sister had to travel many hours to study, so Atletico were for people like us.''' ,'''I'm a quiet guy, but on the pitch, it's different. You have to do everything you can to win and help your teammates.''' ,'''When young players become one of the best in the world, everyone wants to sign them.''' ,'''Atleti fans always demand your all on the field, and I guarantee that I will give them that and more.''' ,'''You can have a contract that is better than your friends, but no player looks back and says, 'I won more money.'''' ,'''I don't want to imagine the time when I have to stop playing.''' ,'''You have to know what club you are playing for, or you just play for yourself. Every time I put on a Liverpool shirt, I know it is more than just a football game.''' ,'''Liverpool is a massive club in reputation, but as soon as I came here, it felt like Atletico to me. It is a working city, an honest city. The people work all week, and on Saturday they want to go to Anfield and watch the best team in the world.''' ,'''If the manager thinks there is another player better than you, he is going to play, and this is the way. You have to try to improve and keep fighting and try to change the manager's mind.''' ,'''When I was a boy, I was really thin, small, long-haired. I always looked young. People thought, 'He can't play football.' I used that to my advantage.''' ,'''I am a professional, and I always fulfil my deals.''' ,'''Football is not a sport populated by honest people. You can't tell the truth or be up front with people. It's a business, and no one is friends.''' ,'''When I played against Chelsea, there was always a big motivation because it was a special game; it was always one of the biggest games of the season. This is one of the reasons why I wanted to join Chelsea: because I want to be part of this kind of team.''' ,'''Real Madrid is like Manchester United or Liverpool or Bayern Munich. There is so much history, and you need to play and win against that history. It's difficult to play against them because you fight against everything - the history, the players - but because of that, the motivation is always so high.''' ,'''In your life, you go through a difficult situation or a very good situation, and you have different moods, but you learn things from your experiences.''' ,'''I left in Liverpool a lot of friends. I have a very good relationship with all of them.''' ,'''When I was a child, my dream was to play for Atletico.''' ,'''I remember when I first came to Liverpool, Pepe Reina helped with everything, and he made it easy for me. When I was Atletico Madrid captain, I tried to help everyone. These are the basics in football: you need to create an atmosphere and try to create a group of friends. It's not easy, and it doesn't always happen, but you have to try.''' ,'''My only path has always been to work hard.''' ,'''I want to thank my two English clubs: Liverpool for bringing me to the Premier League and Chelsea for the trophies I won.''' ,'''You always have to aspire to everything; winning titles is what I've been missing. And I will give my life and everything I have in order to achieve it.''' ,'''Domestic titles are very important, but to win the Champions League, you are saying, 'We are the best team in Europe.'''' ,'''I was captain in Atletico at 19, playing in the same team as Demetrio Albertini, who won three Champions Leagues, and Sergi Barjuan from Barcelona, who had won everything, and they were 32, 33. I was a kid as captain, so I wasn't the real captain, just a kid learning from them.''' ,'''A player wants to be remembered for what he has won, for the medals, for what he has given his club.''' ,'''Liverpool had a lot of success under Rafa Benitez, and that is difficult for anyone to follow.''' ,'''After winning the European Championship with Spain, I know exactly how it feels to win a major trophy, and I know that, if we can win at Liverpool, it will feel the same or even better than it did with Spain.''' ,'''Liverpool gave me a second home. I was 24, I left my team, my town, and I went there. My memories there are just amazing. I have no words to thank them enough, and that's why I will always be a fan.''' ,'''The MLS is a fantastic competition, and it is growing all the time.''' ,'''Chelsea gave me what I was looking for when I left Liverpool trophies. I'll always see it as a success.''' ,'''Everything I have done in my career I have done from my values and doing things the way I like to do. So winning doesn't matter the world for me.''' ,'''The biggest ambition in my career is still to win the European Cup. I want to have a picture of that to look at later; I want to have that medal. You can have a contract that is better than your friends, but no player looks back and says: 'I won more money.'''' ,'''You have to win with the team and for the team.''' ,'''Steven Gerrard is the best player I have played with throughout my career; therefore, my ideal player would be very like him.''' ,'''I just do not see myself playing for Madrid. They do not attract me, especially because of my past with Atletico.''' ,'''No one has given me anything for free.''' ,'''Chelsea gave me all the trophies I have as a football player. I saw my kids growing up in London.''' ,'''The things you cannot change you can't waste your time on.''' ,'''Each player has one place in the world where he is happy, and as a result, he plays well. My place is Anfield. Every game I can play there, I feel good.''' ,'''I like to play. It doesn't matter if it's just me up front on my own or alongside another striker. I always want to play in the first XI.''' ,'''English football has an enormous following across the world, not just because of the players but because of its history, its tradition, the excitement, the capacity crowds.''' ,'''I didn't realise how my life was changing. When I was 17, 18, 20, I didn't realise how big football was and everything around football. How many people live for football and love football. I was a professional, but I was a supporter.''' ,'''The Premier League is very difficult football and very different to when you play in Europe, but the player has to have experience to adapt, and this is the key point.''' ,'''Big clubs in Europe always go through difficult spells where it appears as though there is no light at the end of the tunnel. But because they are big clubs, they always come back, and they do so with a vengeance.''' ,'''Ronaldo is different from Messi. He is very impressive down the wings.''' ,'''The Premier League is tough because, as soon as you lose a couple of games, you're out of the race for the league.''' ,'''It's not easy to come somewhere new and have to find your place. You might feel someone doesn't like you, or you might need to find new friends. It's not easy, and I don't like this kind of thing. It's not easy, so you want to protect the players who are alone.''' ,'''As a kid, I never once dreamt of playing for Liverpool.''' ,'''I learnt that if we won, it didn't matter that I hadn't played. I had to keep working.''' ,'''Nobody has ever gifted me anything.''' ,'''If we win the Champions League, everyone is a better, more recognised player, but if you win an individual award and nothing with your team, it means nothing.''' ,'''Madrid is not as big as London, but it is true when you are coming from a big city like Madrid, nothing is going to surprise you, and I am very happy to move to a city like London. It is a big city, and you can do everything you want with the respect that the English people always have.''' ,'''I had the best three years of my career at Liverpool.''' ,'''I was always fighting with everyone when I was a kid. I was playing with people two or three years older than me, and I had to survive. So I love the physical game, the contact. And I don't know why, but I think football is like this. It is not just touching the ball and stringing together 50 pretty passes consecutively.''' ,'''If we win trophies, we have the chance to win individual awards because it comes with the team targets.''' ,'''When I retire, the only thing that concerns me is that no one can say that I was a bad team-mate or disrespectful or self-important.''' ,]
+++