+++
author = "Hector Bellerin"
title = "Hector Bellerin Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Hector Bellerin Quotes"
keywords = "hector bellerin,hector bellerin quotes,hector bellerin quote,hector bellerin sayings,hector bellerin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As a professional athlete you have to be technical with what you eat. You have to make sure your intakes are on point every day.''' ,'''I'm living my life the way I want to live it, and not the way people think I should.''' ,'''VAR can remove injustices, but decisions need to be taken faster.''' ,'''If I feel there is something to help me recover better or make me a better athlete or player then I will always try it.''' ,'''Sometimes taking it slowly, taking a player through the paces is the best way to keep him wanting more.''' ,'''The important thing is to build a good team, a good block and get results from there.''' ,'''Loads of players love the stock markets. For me, it's fashion.''' ,'''There's a lot of players who you can pick up some stuff from, not just only full-backs or defenders. Even training with the top players every week you can get good things from all of them.''' ,'''Every generation is more open to new things.''' ,'''I've always had little problems in my ankles when I played very hard games, they'd get very inflamed and stiff.''' ,'''I say every year that England is my home now.''' ,'''The problem is that people have an idea of what a footballer should look like, how they should behave, what they should talk about. If you act a little differently you become a target. There is pressure to conform. This is very dangerous.''' ,'''My dad was a Real Betis fan.''' ,'''As players, we only get opportunities when players get injured and you never want to see anyone get injured.''' ,'''In life, you should be allowed to express yourself. People are happier like this.''' ,'''When I used to go to school, the teachers used to say to my mum, 'Hector looks like he's going to a restaurant.' I was just that kid, I wanted to look good.''' ,'''When you're angry you can say something you don't mean.''' ,'''If you want to be in the first team you have to show how much you're worth at U21 level.''' ,'''I've learnt that money comes very quickly, but it leaves even quicker.''' ,'''Mesut is a player that always keeps giving his best and is always surprising everyone and he's a player that we're very grateful and very lucky to have.''' ,'''For us, it's always important to improve and keep things realistic.''' ,'''I keep my feet on the ground, working every day and trying to do my best.''' ,'''It doesn't matter about the other team, when we have the ball and push hard, we can score goals. It is up to us to start the games with that desire, that motivation, and then we can get good results.''' ,'''If a coach comes to me and says you've done something bad I'm going to take that advice.''' ,'''Under Wenger I became the player that I am today because he's the guy that signed me at 16. I owe him a lot and all the time I spent here he made me play so much even when I was really young. Those are things you owe him back.''' ,'''My dream when I was at Barca was to play at Camp Nou and I did - just not wearing the shirt I'd expected when I was little.''' ,'''Football has always been my number one thing, but I have other things in my life, like fashion, which is something that has always been in my family.''' ,'''With Arsene, he wanted us to play in the same way regardless of the opponents. The idea was that we could play in our way and beat anyone.''' ,'''Mesut is a player that has been through a lot in his career through loads of ups and downs, but most of all he's a born champion and he's a player who has so many records in the world of football, so he's a player that is an example for everyone.''' ,'''Nacho Monreal, another full-back, Spanish as well, top player, and he's a player I am close to. He's one of the players who has helped me the most.''' ,'''As a team, if you don't have the best season, it doesn't help.''' ,'''In the beginning, learning a new position is not easy.''' ,'''When there were no kids to play football with in my local park, I would go to my grandma's factory. She used to give me £2 if I cleaned all the threads and scraps off the floor. I even learned how to sew.''' ,'''Arsene Wenger took a lot of inspiration from players, he gave you a lot of freedom. Unai Emery is a bit more tactical.''' ,'''People should be able to express themselves without feeling threatened. That is true in football, but also in life.''' ,'''Obviously, I grew up in Barcelona, and when I watch them play I want them to win. The team are always going to be in my heart.''' ,'''I am a football fan, I've watched football my whole life. When my favourite team didn't do well I'd get angry.''' ,'''Getting rid of all the food I was eating and going to this plant based diet it did take those few days to actually feel better, but when it got to the beginning of the third week I felt so good.''' ,'''I was taught that education is the most important thing.''' ,'''I know a lot of people who support football teams don't care about fashion. For them, it can be quite weird to see someone looking very different. But I've learnt not to read the comments.''' ,'''It's nice there are a lot of big clubs that are interested in me, but if one of those is Barcelona, that's special.''' ,'''Football is not just about spending money.''' ,'''As a team, the most important thing is results.''' ,'''It's true, when I was at Barcelona I played as a winger.''' ,'''I am very happy in London.''' ,'''Everyone who has played in the Champions League wants to get back to playing in it again.''' ,'''Football is a game of speed and drama.''' ,'''A lot of people think I dress to make people talk and it's not like that. I just dress how I like.''' ,'''You have to play your 'A' game in every single match and that's a good thing.''' ,'''People have called me 'lesbian' for growing my hair.''' ,'''To not play in the Champions League is a disappointment, something negative.''' ,'''I started as a winger and played there for about six years but when I came to Arsenal they told me 'now you have to play me at the back' and everything just changed.''' ,'''Mesut is someone who gets a lot of criticism, but the players who are around him are very happy to have him and play with him. He makes things very easy for us.''' ,'''It's not about age. If Marcus Rashford is ready for England then he should play.''' ,'''The most important thing is that Spain have a good team no matter who plays. It is always nice to see your name spoken but the important thing is that the national team does well. But having good players for every position is important because there are always injuries, drops of form.''' ,'''Everything you do off the pitch always shows so you have to work on yourself physically as well, it's not just working on your touch.''' ,'''My family has always made clothes. Growing up I can remember sewing machines being everywhere.''' ,'''In fashion, everything comes and goes.''' ,'''I realised as I was getting older, I was eating healthier and healthier, and I realised I didn't really need to eat meat.''' ,'''When you get to 16 at Barcelona, it's the age that you sign your main contract. I was about to sign that, but we knew there were a lot of other options because you always get them from other teams at that time. I didn't have the option to come to Arsenal until I was right about to sign with Barcelona.''' ,'''In the dressing room I'm seen as the weird one with my style, I think that's a good thing.''' ,'''For me, Barca was where I grew up since I was tiny, from eight years old.''' ,'''It feels that while the young people are trying to fight for a world where there's equality, everyone's the same, everyone's helping each other, we want to take care of the planet... it seems like the people that are ruling and are being presidents right now want to do it the other way round.''' ,'''I don't believe that there's a footballer out there that only thinks about football.''' ,'''When you are asked to play for Arsenal, and for the first-team at that, it is very hard to say no.''' ,'''I doubt I'm the fastest player in the world!''' ,'''Some people are born fast.''' ,'''It is just the start of your professional career and you have to handle it properly and realise that it is not always like that. There will be ups and downs. It is important that you keep humble, keep working hard and see it as the first step on a long journey.''' ,'''Yoga has been done for thousands of years and if people keep doing it, it must mean it works.''' ,'''I don't think there's players who go on the Internet to watch 'Arsenal Fan TV.'''' ,'''Each club has its own resources and its way of working.''' ,'''My job is to focus on the pitch, what happens off it is something for my agent.''' ,'''I don't get that much time to play, so when I'm with my mates, I usually only play 'CoD.'''' ,'''I know it's very comfortable to sit at home and stay with your family, kids and friends and not worry about anything. But with the platform we have we should be the people that scream at the social issues and put them out there so as a society we can move forward.''' ,'''Everyone's got their opinion and sometimes it's going to hurt.''' ,'''I'm a Ronaldo fan as well, and for me, they're the top two players in the world. But for me, Messi is the kind of player that can do anything.''' ,'''When I was back at Barcelona, the boots I wanted to wear were Ronaldinho's. He had those Tiempos, gold and white, and I thought they would suit my style as a quicker player.''' ,'''Some of my team-mates in the Under-18s used to play 'Call of Duty' and they told me I should jump on it. I have played it ever since, for my first one or two years I played it pretty much ever day, I was mad about it.''' ,'''What matters is that on the pitch we give the maximum to prove that money is not everything.''' ,'''I came to Arsenal to stay here.''' ,'''As footballers we have a massive platform that we should be using way more than we actually are.''' ,'''People have different passions, people have hobbies, people have lives outside their job, and nowadays it seems like the only thing we are allowed to do is train and play football.''' ,'''I don't actually know the most expensive thing I've ever bought. It would probably be a jacket, because I don't really spend that much on any other things.''' ,'''People don't want to be diverse, or they're scared to be diverse. People just dress a certain way to fit in but sometimes being outside of the box is the cool thing to do.''' ,'''It's really important to have someone in competition for your position. Because that's the way to make each other a better player.''' ,'''Who wants to go to a team that doesn't play players when they are young? You can't see yourself playing for that team.''' ,'''I was lucky enough to take a chance on Arsenal.''' ,'''If someone from 'Arsenal Fan TV' says this guy needs to do this or that I'm not going to listen to him. They're entitled to their opinion and the way they want to do it. If people find it funny, then go watch it.''' ,'''Representing Spain is very important.''' ,'''It's definitely been a hard journey, one with lots of ups and downs.''' ,'''We all want to be at the top level.''' ,'''When you win you're going to get fans chanting your name and when you don't do great they're going to give you stick.''' ,'''You make mistakes in a game, but if you come away with a win, that's all gone.''' ,'''When I first came to Arsenal, I didn't know how to defend.''' ,'''At the beginning of the first season, you don't have that pressure to perform at 100 per cent, because it's always hard when you first start. But now, in the second season, people are expecting big things from you, so you can't really disappoint them.''' ,'''I've always been pretty quick for my whole career.''' ,'''I don't like the term streetwear. It limits self-expression in my opinion.''' ,'''Arsenal is a club that likes to bring through young players, that's something that always gets the fans excited, to see someone from home come and play for the first-team. I think that's something that every team should do. The fact that Arsenal does it a lot and that I'm one of them, I'm really proud.''' ,'''My mom and grandma have made clothes their whole life. My grandma had her own factory.''' ,'''Fashion is something that brought me closer to my family as I grew up. It's something that was deep inside me, in my roots, and I started taking more interest as I grew older because it reminded me of my mother and my grandmother. It's not something I take lightly, and I'm going to be open about it.''' ,]
+++