+++
author = "Spencer Kayden"
title = "Spencer Kayden Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Spencer Kayden Quotes"
keywords = "spencer kayden,spencer kayden quotes,spencer kayden quote,spencer kayden sayings,spencer kayden saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I never thought of myself as a Broadway actress. I'm not really a singer or a dancer.''' ,'''To be honest, I didn't even know what the Drama Desk Awards were until I was nominated.''' ,'''In my mid-twenties, I said to myself: 'I can't perform anymore!' I didn't know what I wanted to do. I didn't perform for a while, then ended up doing a one-woman show about Gilda Radner having cancer. It was called 'Gilda Defying Gravity,' and I did it on the Lower East Side. It was great; people really came out and supported me.''' ,'''Seriously, I love the Olympics so much it hurts.''' ,'''I'm a Words With Friends dork!''' ,'''I surround myself with people I admire and respect. I have never tried to make anything happen. I don't know how long 'Urinetown' will run on Broadway, and I find myself strangely unconcerned about it.''' ,'''Nothing like a bit of 'The Best of Times' before prancing around on stage.''' ,'''I don't seem to take vacations, but I must say, a jaunt into Central Park can be mighty transporting. My boy and I can spend hours in the Ramble scaling rocks and sword fighting with sticks. I often forget I'm in Manhattan when I'm in there.''' ,'''I am truly obsessed with Lena Dunham. I find everything about her unique and refreshing. She is a brilliant, hilarious and honest writer who is not afraid to make her audience uncomfortable.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel like 'Avenue Q' or even 'Book of Mormon' might not have happened without 'Urinetown.' 'Urinetown' sort of paved the way, just in terms of what Broadway would accept in its houses. It just blows my mind, the stuff 'Book of Mormon' gets away with. It's way farther across the line than 'Urinetown' ever was.''' ,'''If I weren't performing, there is a real chance that I would be a 'One Man, Two Guvnors' groupie. I think that production is masterful in every way.''' ,'''I choose to live without hope to protect myself from disappointment. It's very effective!''' ,]
+++