+++
author = "Martin Shkreli"
title = "Martin Shkreli Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Martin Shkreli Quotes"
keywords = "martin shkreli,martin shkreli quotes,martin shkreli quote,martin shkreli sayings,martin shkreli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Politics are well past logic. It's entertainment.''' ,'''Blame me for capitalism. Blame me for EpiPen.''' ,'''Invariably, when people read the headline about Martin Shkreli, they hate Martin Shkreli. When they get to know Martin Shkreli, they love Martin Shkreli.''' ,'''Bloomberg is an overpriced legacy software system that subsidizes a money-losing media company.''' ,'''I always wanted to start a public company and make a lot of money.''' ,'''Politicians love to beat up on guys that are seen to be public enemies, if you will. That's a great way to get elected.''' ,'''You know that being a public figure is instantly grounds for prosecution.''' ,'''I don't mean to be presumptuous, but I liken myself to the robber barons.''' ,'''My shareholders expect me to make the most profit. That's the ugly, dirty truth.''' ,'''I want to cure many diseases and save children's lives.''' ,'''I'd like to focus on my life on creating new medicines for people who are suffering from rare disease.''' ,'''If you have a drug that is $100 for one course of therapy, and you know that you can charge $100,000, what should shareholders think when you say, 'I'd rather not take the heat'?''' ,'''I think Trump's going to make it easier to be a drug company in America.''' ,'''Who else is putting seven figures down for unreleased rap tracks?''' ,'''It doesn't seem like life will change very much for Martin Shkreli, basically ever.''' ,'''I do have what I believe to be a two-CD, authentic, 'Carter V' final product mixed down. Nobody knows what 'Tha Carter V' is. In fact, nobody can say until Lil Wayne says, 'This is 'Tha Carter V.''''' ,'''I have this fringe theory that I've sort of stress-tested a little bit - the more polarising and popular a case is, the more likely an acquittal.''' ,'''I don't buy fancy things. I donated $2 million to Wu-Tang. I got a mixtape in return. It was a wonderful investment.''' ,'''My parents were immigrants and janitors.''' ,'''I had an investor who said to me he'd keep his money with me as long as I didn't have a girlfriend and I didn't start combing my hair.''' ,'''Everybody's doing it. In capitalism, you try to get the highest price you can for a product.''' ,'''My investors expect me to maximize profits.''' ,'''My whole life has been one theme of self-sacrifice for my investors.''' ,'''Donald Trump is a dream for business people like me. I think Trump's going to make pharma great again.''' ,'''I did sleep on the floor of my office sometimes. I didn't brush my teeth as often as I should have. I think my hygiene has improved quite a bit.''' ,]
+++