+++
author = "Harry Kane"
title = "Harry Kane Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Harry Kane Quotes"
keywords = "harry kane,harry kane quotes,harry kane quote,harry kane sayings,harry kane saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''At Norwich, I was injured, and then I went to Leicester, and I found myself on the bench. But I still used that to my advantage as an experience - I had to do that here at Spurs for a while, be on the bench and wait for my chance. It's definitely something that's helped me with my game.''' ,'''When I was growing up, Keane and Sheringham were my idols, and they wore 10. So it was always my dream to wear it.''' ,'''I'm at my most comfortable out on the pitch when I'm in front of goal with the ball at my feet. It's about being used to certain situations, and with time, you will find, chances don't get snatched at.''' ,'''I do a lot of body weight stuff, power work, with your legs as well. There are weights involved now and again. There is a bit of mixture.''' ,'''When times are down, keep believing, keep working hard, and things will pick up.''' ,'''It is a great boost for confidence in a squad when there is not just one or two players scoring goals, but the whole team is contributing.''' ,'''Obviously, I am hoping to go on and win many trophies for Spurs and for England. That's always been the aim since I was a kid, dreaming of lifting the trophy one day for them, so that's what I've got to do.''' ,'''If I can be a role model, or if I can maybe make another manager play a young player coming through rather than buy a player, that's incredible.''' ,'''Obviously, everyone's different, but I love just settling down and having a barbecue with my friends at the house.''' ,'''It depends on how my football career goes, but when I am finished, I would love to go the NFL and be a kicker. Even if I got to play just one game, it is something I would like to do.''' ,'''A lot of people say second seasons are harder than the first because people are now expecting you to do stuff, so yes, that's down to me to work hard and try and improve and, like I say, just letting my football do the talking.''' ,'''I always back myself as a finisher, but I always practise it as well. Every type of finish: left foot, right foot, headers, penalties, free kicks.''' ,'''You want the best players to be on form come the Euros.''' ,'''I love this club, and to be wearing number 10 for Tottenham is amazing for me. I could not resist.''' ,'''Personally, I love training, and getting paid to play football is incredible. Playing the game and working hard is what I have always dreamed of doing.''' ,'''I'd love to be captain of Tottenham and hopefully England as well.''' ,'''Maybe defenders don't always get the recognition like the other players get.''' ,'''Nine or ten, I like playing both. I like to score goals, and I feel in both positions I can score goals.''' ,'''You have to choose whether to take the money or follow your own ambitions, playing in the best league in the world and winning titles.''' ,'''I remember washing Robbie Keane's boots and asking him a few questions. It's stuff you remember as a kid. You take that on and make sure you're a bit more hungry to go on and do what they've achieved.''' ,'''I'm in my own fantasy team as well, so there's quite a bit of pressure on it.''' ,'''Vincent Janssen has come in and done very well. He's a great player and different type of player to me.''' ,'''I want to go and get more goals, create my chances for the team, and do my best for Tottenham Hotspur.''' ,'''I want to be a player that does everything he can to reach his ability, and I'll do that.''' ,'''I think sometimes managers like to buy players because they're more experienced from abroad or when they've got players under their nose that will give everything to the club they've been brought up with.''' ,'''All we can do is win our games.''' ,'''Money is a bonus of the job, but it doesn't always make you happy.''' ,'''In a game, you never know what chance you're going to get, so I try and cover all bases and make sure I'm ready for that chance when it comes.''' ,'''I am confident in my ability, as I always have been, and that I will be capable of maintaining my form, if not improving, year in, year out.''' ,'''It isn't hard to practise finishing. You can do it on your own: just take a couple of touches and shoot at goal. You can do it with whatever equipment you have.''' ,'''When teams are dropping off, it's difficult, especially as a striker. You always have two centre-halves behind you and maybe a sitting midfielder as well. It's a bit more difficult creating chances.''' ,'''I went to see England against Switzerland at Wembley with my dad and brother, too. That was in 2008, Fabio Capello's first game in charge. Jermaine Jenas scored, and we won 2-1. I remember the national anthem was incredible. I sang it with pride - always do.''' ,'''Maybe when I was younger, people didn't always believe in me; they didn't think I would make it to where I am now.''' ,'''Tom Brady is a big inspiration and a big idol of mine.''' ,'''I'm in the team to score goals. I try and score as many as I can in the season to help the team out.''' ,'''It is about doing everything you can so your body can perform at the highest level.''' ,'''I'm 23; I feel older than that, but I feel comfortable. I'm assured of myself, and it's not a problem.''' ,'''It is about that self-belief, that self-drive, that has got me to where I am now.''' ,'''I think to progress in major tournaments and to be at your best, you need a big squad, and you need to rotate it.''' ,'''I play my best football when I'm calm mentally.''' ,'''The double sessions are tough. The manager wants us to get fit, wants us to work hard. And that's because the Premier League is so tough. We need it. Something we have to do.''' ,'''It's the worst feeling in the world - losing, and losing in a final on the big stage is even worse.''' ,'''I want to play every game, as does every player. But sometimes, you just have to listen to the manager.''' ,'''I'm always disappointed when I don't score.''' ,'''Getting respect from the opposition is a nice thing.''' ,'''I'm a very patriotic England fan, actually. I always wore my heart on my sleeve.''' ,'''You can run in behind someone - one v. one, you're better - so I'm always trying to work on my speed. That's probably one aspect I've worked on the hardest as a player. I want to always improve on everything in my game, but that's one area I really work on.''' ,'''I watched all the games in the pub with my family. We used to go to a place called The Sirloin in Chingford. It was quite a good atmosphere in there.''' ,'''I have a lot of self-belief, and I think it will happen. I think I will just get better and better. It's what great players do; they don't let up on anything. And I wouldn't do that anyway.''' ,'''All goalscorers go on droughts. It is how you cope with that. And it is not just about scoring, it is about what you bring to the team, bringing others into play and getting assists.''' ,'''I don't want to do all weights. I want to get strong using my core and my natural power.''' ,'''If I can be a role model for kids, then that's fantastic. That's what I want to do.''' ,'''I want to keep working hard and looking to progress.''' ,'''The manager and the fitness staff condition every training session. They plan it out week by week on what players need. If players need a rest, they will do that; if players need to work hard, they will do that as well.''' ,'''I've been to Wembley a couple of times to see England, but the match which stands out for me is the 2008 Carling Cup final against Chelsea. I was there as a fan with the family. That was a great day out.''' ,'''I think I had set-backs, but I still always had that belief that I was going to play for Tottenham Hotspur. Even when I went out on loan to clubs, it was always to come back and be a Spurs player.''' ,'''I was a fan once, and I remember what it was like approaching footballers for their autographs. I used to get starstruck a lot of the time.''' ,'''It doesn't always click for a new player in a new team: you don't always go in and hit the ground running and score all the time.''' ,'''I was a fan myself, and I know what it's like. If someone comes out of the blocks and scores 31 goals in one season, then you think, 'OK, was that a one-off, or will he do it again?'''' ,'''As long as there's a vision with the club, and we're not stale, we're going forward as a club.''' ,'''Anything I can do that will help me and the team, I'm happy to do it.''' ,'''It's harder to be angry at home when we lose. When it was just me and the missus, she didn't mind. She'd take the wrath of the loss! But it's harder when there's a little baby now.''' ,'''I try never to get too high or too low. You have to keep that medium.''' ,'''I think self-belief is a massive thing in football. If you don't believe in yourself, not many others will. Work hard and believe in yourself, and I think you'll go as far as your body will take you.''' ,'''I can't remember the last time I went to a club.''' ,'''It is down to the manager what he wants to do in the transfer window. Us as players, we just have to focus on each game that comes along and try and do our best.''' ,'''To go out at Wembley and score is what you dream about as a kid.''' ,''''Harry Brown' is good - and I love 'The Italian Job.'''' ,'''I am quite a calm player. I do have a go at players and refs in the heat of the moment, but I never throw my toys out of the pram.''' ,'''All I can do is my best for the team, whether that's from the bench or if I start.''' ,'''Sometimes, I put a couple of mannequins on the edge of the box and do these things called bounce balls. You pass against it, and it comes back; you take a couple of touches 'round the mannequins and shoot.''' ,'''There's no point playing up front just because you want to be the one who scores the goals. Make sure you have a knack for it.''' ,'''The Under-21s was a good experience for me and one I will take into the Euros.''' ,'''When people think Arsenal had a bad season and we've had a good one, yet they still finish above us, it hurts.''' ,'''I love going to the Algarve and playing golf.''' ,'''Whenever I'm on the pitch, I feel confident.''' ,'''Beckham was a great inspiration to me growing up.''' ,'''I owe a lot to my family; we're a strong unit.''' ,'''Heading is still a vital part of being a striker, and it isn't about being the biggest player. Heading the ball is about timing, so work on that in training.''' ,'''In football, you have to grow up quickly, and you're generally more mature than other people your age.''' ,'''The more players who come through the academy and make it into the first team, that's what we want. Not just for the club but for the country. If they're young English players coming through, that's fantastic. I'm happy to be part of that.''' ,'''I take it season by season. I don't like looking too far ahead, because you never know what can happen.''' ,'''London derbies are that little bit more special; there's that little bit more feeling.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be a footballer, and I've always believed that's the path I was going to go down.''' ,'''Watching all the football over the weekend - and having to wait until Monday night to play - gets you ready, gets you firing.''' ,'''I'd say Dele Alli has got good style.''' ,'''You come up against challenges in life, and it's how you deal with them that defines you.''' ,'''I've always been working hard on my speed for the last few years. Obviously I'm not slow, but as a striker, the more speed you have, the better you are.''' ,'''Teams buy players and change managers if they feel they need change at the club.''' ,'''Some people are motivated by money - I'm not one of them.''' ,'''I will always try to be as normal as I can. Obviously, there may have to be some limits with it, but I am still a fan at heart and want to live like a normal person.''' ,'''I am happy at Tottenham. I go into work every day with a smile on my face, and that is important.''' ,'''My biggest weakness is steak. I have to be careful not to eat too much of it these days - but I do love it done medium rare, with peppercorn sauce.''' ,'''Whenever a new manager comes in you want to impress him.''' ,'''Now we've got a little daughter; me and the missus won't talk about football as much.''' ,'''I played in different positions as a kid, and it helped me learn different parts of the game, but I found that I was always scoring goals, and that continued as I got older. I've always enjoyed scoring, and it seemed to come naturally. Fortunately, that has carried on into my professional career.''' ,'''I remember the European Championships in 2004. Wayne Rooney was a special player in that tournament, and I definitely cried when we got knocked out then.''' ,'''I am motivated by trying to win trophies.''' ,]
+++