+++
author = "Harshvardhan Rane"
title = "Harshvardhan Rane Quotes"
quotes_len = "95"
description = "the best 95 Harshvardhan Rane Quotes"
keywords = "harshvardhan rane,harshvardhan rane quotes,harshvardhan rane quote,harshvardhan rane sayings,harshvardhan rane saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When people who are close to me say that they see positive changes in me as I grow, it makes me work harder on myself. Life always surprises us with something new, and I want to be capable enough to handle it.''' ,'''I love travelling and exploring different places in India and around the world.''' ,'''I'm not going to have a six-pack abs. I think it's a luxury to have six-pack abs, but I don't think I can afford it yet. It's extremely tough, and I think having it will be an achievement.''' ,'''As an actor, all I can keep my focus on is that I am a part of good projects.''' ,'''I don't come from a film background, so I am free to work in any script that interests me.''' ,''''Sanam Teri Kasam' is definitely my best Bollywood debut.''' ,'''There's a misconception that actors with no background don't get any exposure from big production houses. I think people should start rethinking about it.''' ,'''I so wish my dad was alive to see me do a Hindi film after acting in six Telugu movies. I sometimes imagine him giving me feedback on my work. But I derive strength from knowing he is watching over me.''' ,'''I have lost close to 20 kilos, and it has kind of helped prepare my character for 'Sanam Teri Kasam.'''' ,'''For a shot, I had to look like I've slipped on wet floor and hurt my back. My director wanted me to just act it out, but I insisted on doing it with water on the floor to make it look authentic. He was against the idea, but I did it and almost broke my back.''' ,'''Whenever I meet my friends, we talk about our teachers.''' ,'''There is nothing else to do in my life... I have no family, relationships - this is the only thing that I do.''' ,'''The first thing Ravi Babu asked when we met was, did I watch horror movies? I told him it took me years to get over Ram Gopal Varma's 'Raat!'''' ,'''It's a misconception that all singers need to portray a messed up, dirty look to prove their identity.''' ,'''I've learnt that there's absolutely no difference in Telugu and Hindi industries. Everything is almost identical. The only difference is that Hindi films have a wider release.''' ,'''Everything about 'Avunu 2' will be many notches higher than its prequel. The sequel is scarier, and there'll be more thrills and chills. I myself felt it when I was shooting.''' ,'''I believe there is a shallow side to every actor, who craves to be presented well.''' ,''''Satra Ko Shaadi Hai' is a very sweet film. It was the first film that I shot. I play a shy small town boy in it, which is an absolute contrast to what I played in 'Sanam Teri Kasam.'''' ,'''There is never going to be an end point. But definitely, I am happy to complete a certain part of my journey, and that's something I want to celebrate.''' ,'''Don't look at a person - look into the person. Heart is the hero, not the colour. I don't stand against or for any colour; I just believe in endorsing the idea of not endorsing any colour.''' ,'''In the time of social media, I get lots of wishes. It's overwhelming! What makes the day most special is the love I get from my fans, who try to make the occasion extra special. Almost 50 days before my birthday, they have started making plans. In fact, I have been receiving letters, too.''' ,'''I was shooting for 'Maaya' when I got a call from John Abraham's office. They told me about the film and asked if I could audition. But since I was shooting, I recorded my audition and sent them the tapes. The next thing I know, I was on board.''' ,'''My father was a doctor, but his passion was making cars, and he was also very good at carpentry. He was a gem, and I don't blame him for not understanding me. When I told him that I would be leaving, he checked his pocket and took out 100-rupee note and gave it to me. He did not like that I was leaving, yet he gave me the money.''' ,'''The fact that Sanjay Leela Bhansali wanted me to be part of his film was a high point in my life.''' ,'''From the time I was a child, I wanted to be an actor.''' ,'''I love to put myself in a situation where I get to break a few things and construct a few cells in me.''' ,'''Shah Rukh Khan is a self-made man, and he does inspire with what he does. It is foolish to think that one can try and imitate or modify what he does. I have been original in my performances so far.''' ,'''I wanted to escape the drudgery of a small town existence. Any place bigger than Gwalior was fine. I took the first train to Delhi because that was the only fare I could afford.''' ,'''I have learnt three things from Barry John which are applicable to life, too: Don't expect anything from another actor, one shouldn't judge, and one shouldn't block things.''' ,''''Vicky Donor' or 'Madras Caf,' John's films have been path-breaking. I have full faith in the script of my movie, and my director, too, is a debutante. I like the conviction with which they work, and that gives me a lot of confidence.''' ,'''For people like me, I think it is more about, 'When do people give you an opportunity?' rather than you deciding about when you want to make a debut. If I had a chance, I would have come as a child artist in this industry.''' ,'''Water is one of the most basic and vital requirements for survival. And with the issue of water shortage aggravating every single day, it's just something I felt we had to address and spread the message on whatever level we can.''' ,'''I believe that anyone who chooses a path and keeps walking will find a positive result some day. I didn't want to go with the flow and do any kind of film that came my way and wind up my career swiftly.''' ,'''I feel it's tough to make friend when you're always thinking about work.''' ,'''Any passionate actor, if he is spoon-fed, will deliver.''' ,'''A rock star, according to my definition, is someone who inspires people around him with something he is best at. In my case, it's music, but I wanted audiences to realise there is a rock star waiting to be unleashed within them as well.''' ,'''I had to go on the strict caveman diet where you eat only vegetables, chicken, and egg whites. This diet in many ways sounds right to me, and it has worked wonderfully.''' ,'''Raashi is a lovely co-star, and we're having so much fun working together. We were talking about how our careers in Bollywood were launched by John Abraham.''' ,'''I'm half Telugu. My mom is Telugu and dad, a Maharashtrian. I was brought up in Gwalior. I was exposed to English, Hindi, and Marathi. I heard my mom speak to her family in Telugu, so I got the hang of it.''' ,'''I ran away from my home in Gwalior and bought myself a ticket to Delhi. That was the nearest metro, and the cheapest ticket was for Rs 74.''' ,'''We are killing a living thing just so that we can wear it? I think fake leather is also beautiful and lasts longer. All I am saying is that if you like wearing leather stuff, put in some extra effort and explore the market. Take on fake leather and stop being part of this cruelty.''' ,'''I load on proteins, veggies, fruits and nuts and never took support of supplements.''' ,'''I strongly believe that when you are cast in a role, there will be similarity in the character and you - why else would you be chosen for the character?''' ,'''I spent my childhood trying to express myself, and I was not very good at it. In my town, most kids would take up engineering or medicine or something else, but acting was not an option.''' ,'''I must confess that I was not always the perfect boyfriend.''' ,'''In 'Maaya,' I'm going shirtless for the first time in my career. My producer requested me to take off my shirt in one of the scenes. I have been working extremely hard to flaunt a perfect body for the scene.''' ,'''I wanted to do something new and different. People expected me to do negative roles. I wanted to break the norm, and because of that, I lost on some great work as well.''' ,'''I fled my home town and did odd jobs, including things like re-designing old furniture, before I became an actor. Having said that, I don't think the story of my life is in any way remarkable. What is remarkable is how acting opportunities have come my way.''' ,'''When people heard my voice, they were shocked that I could speak Hindi.''' ,'''I don't deny that fact that I like Gauahar. She is hardworking, self-made and self-respecting. Somewhere, I see my own personality traits in her. But that's about it. We are not in a relationship.''' ,'''I've only been in one relationship in my entire life so far. When that ended, I decided being with someone is not for me. I like my own company the best.''' ,'''I am a very big admirer of Bejoy's films and have waited for five months to be part of his film. But I have no regrets and will wait for an indefinite time as, if I love and believe in something, I do it completely and unconditionally.''' ,'''I believe the best friendships are forged with those you can be yourself with.''' ,'''I would do theatre till I die. Theatre keeps your honesty alive. You can't pollute yourself. You learn a lot, and you use theatre techniques in life.''' ,'''When I was a child, I got an opportunity to see all the big players in a cricket match. I was a ball boy outside the boundary line. I picked the ball and waited a bit for Sachin Tendulkar to come near me to give it to him. The sense of being in the same space was special. While thousands were watching, I was close to Sachin.''' ,'''Accomplishments are very subjective.''' ,'''Most youngsters are so well-connected with the rock music circle that they will know instantly if I attempt to imitate any rock star.''' ,'''I want to constantly do better than my last film.''' ,'''Simply put, Cavemen's diet is a diet plan which suggest food eaten by the cavemen. Cavemen ate what was available - like meat, vegetables and a few nuts. What we grow for food is carbohydrates, and that leads to weight gain. I started this diet a few years ago, and ever since, I haven't had carbs at all.''' ,'''At the age of 16, I ran from my house, did odd jobs till l landed work on television and then in film industry. My first job was at an STD booth in Delhi. Then I came to Mumbai, where I distributed DVDs, and that is when I got my first TV show offer, 'Left Right Left.' I have never planned things in my career.''' ,'''I couldn't relate to the mindset of people in my hometown. Since I had no educational qualification, I only got menial jobs in Delhi.''' ,'''I'm happy that I could learn many things before entering Bollywood in 2015.''' ,'''I know how to play the acoustic guitar, but I'm learning to play the electric guitar now. I'm sure it will be a wonderful experience.''' ,'''After school, I started living on my own. After my dad passed away, I didn't know where to go and eventually decided to hang on here in Hyderabad.''' ,'''Just like how you find players from different backgrounds in Indian cricket team, our Telugu industry is looking for talent, and it doesn't matter where it comes from.''' ,'''I started working in an STD phone booth where I had to note down all the numbers that were dialed - this was post 9/11 when security was a looming issue. I got Rs 10 per day for my work. Soon after, a benefactor offered me a job in a cybercafe down the road for Rs 20.''' ,'''My father looked like this serious guy but was actually a very kind person.''' ,'''I was in a daze in my childhood mostly - always looking out of the window, waiting for some life to happen that I wanted to live. Now I realise it is this, and that's what got me out of Gwalior.''' ,'''I am stronger than yesterday and working harder than yesterday but don't know what will happen tomorrow.''' ,'''People used to call me for donations, and I couldn't relate to that because I have spent most of my life trying to support myself.''' ,'''I took my time to learn the craft and procedure. I wanted to do some substantial work first in cinema.''' ,'''I don't think at any age I will be able to feel totally accomplished.''' ,'''I started watching English news channels and would repeat after the anchor. Since coaching classes were expensive, I joined a call centre where, after undergoing training for a month, I quit. I followed this strategy in 15 BPOs. I could earn money and learn English at the same time.''' ,'''The idea of being associated with Bollywood prompted me to get into DVD distribution.''' ,'''I don't naturally have the body language of a software guy.''' ,'''When you have friends in the industry, you're always expected to talk about work. Seldom do you talk about stuff outside work with friends in the industry. Therefore, I don't have many actor friends, but I find lot of brotherly warmth from a few.''' ,'''I was distributing DVDs in Mumbai in 2006, and that is when I got my first TV show offer - 'Left Right Left.'''' ,'''As an actor, I want to do something I will be remembered for. I think 'Maaya' is that kind of film.''' ,'''My life has been pretty unconventional. The publishers saw a story in it, and yes, my life has been put in a book.''' ,'''I always wanted to do something related to the camera. When you are young, these are dreams you feel embarrassed talking about. You don't want to be made fun of. That would leave a scar on an young mind.''' ,''''Hiraeth' means homesickness to a home to which you cannot return: the grief of the lost places of your past. I fell in love with the word and instantly connected to it. It reminded me of the days when I had left my home in Gwalior, and I had that strange pull in my stomach, and now I can so relate to this word.''' ,'''I like Bejoy's style of movie making, and the music is always so good in all his movies.''' ,'''I learnt acting in Delhi from Barry John, who also taught Shah Rukh Khan.''' ,'''For me, there's one film at a time, and my only benchmark is that my current film should be better than my last one, and I've made sure of that. If you Google the trailer of my first film - which I request you not to - you'll see the vast change in my approach towards my profession and the slow gain of maturity in performing.''' ,'''This is not that time of a cinema where you get 10 to 15 chances. You only get two to three chances, and if you do something nice in that, then it is great. Otherwise, people are very unforgiving.''' ,'''I am a big-structured guy, and so I always felt my weight was justified until I chanced upon Cavemen's diet.''' ,'''I often end up travelling in my Jeep for long distance road trips.''' ,'''My father was like an unpolished diamond - tough outside but warm inside.''' ,'''One day, I went to meet a film producer and entered the wrong flat. It was a casting agency, and they suggested that I audition for a four-hero Telugu film. I was confirmed a month later. Interestingly, it's not easy down South for a newcomer to bag positive roles, but I was adamant.''' ,'''The idea of meeting my former girlfriend's current boyfriend seemed insane and absolutely bizarre to me in the beginning. But I am glad I gave it a shot!''' ,'''I always try that my next film is different than my last movie. I would like to surprise my audience; that, I think, is the job of an actor.''' ,'''Fashion is supposed to be fun, but killing animals for fashion is definitely not fun.''' ,'''I've seen the best and worst of times. My parents were divorced when I was a child. I was brought up by my father.''' ,'''I just followed my gut feeling when I went to Hyderabad in 2008.''' ,'''I just can't stop doing Telugu films just when I have started speaking a little better Telugu.''' ,]
+++