+++
author = "Max Irons"
title = "Max Irons Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Max Irons Quotes"
keywords = "max irons,max irons quotes,max irons quote,max irons sayings,max irons saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like to think that at the end of a show, you can just take your costume off and go to the pub.''' ,'''I haven't read the 'Twilight' books. But it's everywhere so I feel like I know it. Edward, Bella, Jacob, etc. but... I haven't read them.''' ,'''If you try to bring 'teen drama,' you end up doing nothing but pouting.''' ,'''I think New York is more stylish than London.''' ,'''I mean, it's fine when you're a kid and someone runs into the playground and goes, 'I've got this great game of pretend,' and you play... As an actor, getting to play, getting to use your imagination and be childish - it is weird but it's wonderful.''' ,'''It's a mistake to dwell too much on the consequences of a piece of work that you're making.''' ,'''Once you become the story off-screen, you are less likely to be the onscreen one.''' ,'''With acting, I've got a character to inhabit. You've got to think about your intentions and your directions. In modeling, even though there's an act to it, a good model is a good model. For me it's uncomfortable territory. You start to feel quite insecure about yourself. There's nothing between you and the camera, and it's just you.''' ,'''As a child I'd get given parts as a tree.''' ,'''I like reading, free diving and hiking. But my favorite thing to do is travel anywhere in Greece. I love everything about that place.''' ,'''Coats are my favorite thing, and it's always cold in England. I'm comfortable spending a bit of money if you know you're going to be wearing it 10 years later.''' ,'''American actors are all muscular, tanned, white teeth and they have this indestructible confidence. We British are all... Dare I say it? Pessimistic.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be a fighter pilot. But I don't want to kill people. I'd hate to.''' ,'''I always feel kind of awkward when I look at pictures of myself. Watching videos of myself is really uncomfortable.''' ,'''You know, Taylor Lautner, with a body like that, he should be taking his shirt off. For me, it's not so essential.''' ,'''Acting advice is a bit like your parents teaching you how to drive a car. You know they're right, but you still kind of want them to shut up a bit.''' ,''''The Host' is very much in the same vein as 'Twilight', and there's clearly a huge fan base out there. But I can't imagine myself being as huge as Robert Pattinson. I'm not sure I could handle that level of fame.''' ,'''The actors I respect are the ones who see it as a career and manage to live reasonably normal lives, like Meryl Streep and Philip Seymour Hoffman.''' ,'''My name has opened doors and slammed doors shut.''' ,'''I don't look on the Internet; it's a world of pain.''' ,'''I can see why there's a misconception that it's easier when your parents are actors, but it doesn't work out at all. In fact, it's the reverse.''' ,'''I never wear sneakers. I don't feel comfortable in them.''' ,'''For me, comfort is paramount.''' ,'''I've got my dad's height and smoking habit. But I think I've got my mum's looks and sensibilities.''' ,'''Kindness and a generous spirit go a long way. And a sense of humor. It's like medicine - very healing.''' ,]
+++