+++
author = "Hale Irwin"
title = "Hale Irwin Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Hale Irwin Quotes"
keywords = "hale irwin,hale irwin quotes,hale irwin quote,hale irwin sayings,hale irwin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My dad was a good athlete. My mom had longevity. There were some athletic genes that certainly got passed down.''' ,'''Feeling tired should almost never be an excuse, because your body has huge reserves of energy. But if you eat badly, stay out late, drink too much, and so on, you'll pay a price on the course.''' ,'''On the PGA Tour, guys finish in the top 10, make a ton of money and think they're great players. In my era, you had to win. We didn't settle for anything else.''' ,'''The positions I played in football, being a quarterback and a defensive back, you had to kind of have a little independent thinking.''' ,'''People, in whatever walk of life, would be surprised if they just gave themselves a chance by believing in what they are.''' ,'''I can forgive the body breaking down. It's a little tougher to forgive that mental lapse.''' ,'''Let your emotions come out. If your behavior is flat, your game will be flat, too.''' ,'''I don't sleep well. I rehash everything in bed. The mind's still working.''' ,'''It's a long, hard, difficult process to make it to a national championship.''' ,'''Do I want to tackle a 230-pound guy who's running like a deer? Heavens no, no one in their right mind would. But there is something that drives me and compels me to stick my head in there and give it my best shot.''' ,'''I still have the desire to succeed, and I've always felt success is measured by what you've done in the win column, not top 10s.''' ,'''People have to learn who they are - you can't have somebody else telling you who you are.''' ,'''The best quick tip in golf is to focus on your rhythm and balance.''' ,'''Yes, I applied a lot of what I did in football to golf.''' ,'''I've felt that if you dwell too much on your errors, you're dealing in the negativity of things. I don't like that. I'd rather work on the positive reinforcement, the things I did well.''' ,'''I never underestimate my opponent, but I never underestimate my talents.''' ,'''Early in my career, my 3-, 5- and 9-irons performed differently than my other irons. But I adapted and made them work.''' ,'''If you're not just a little bit nervous before a match, you probably don't have the expectations of yourself that you should have.''' ,'''I just never subscribed to the theory that at age 55, you fall off the face of the earth on the Tour. I always felt that was too young of an age for that.''' ,'''New Zealand has a great reputation in America for golf.''' ,]
+++