+++
author = "Greg Mortenson"
title = "Greg Mortenson Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Greg Mortenson Quotes"
keywords = "greg mortenson,greg mortenson quotes,greg mortenson quote,greg mortenson sayings,greg mortenson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Yes, I was detained for eight days in Waziristan in 1996. It was against my will, and my passport and money were taken from me. I was not mistreated or harmed, but I was also not allowed to leave.''' ,'''In 'Three Cups of Tea' I was fairly critical of the military. And I mentioned that they're laptop warriors and there's no boots on the ground. But I can say now that they've gone through a tremendous learning curve.''' ,'''The Pathan people of Waziristan are proud people who I greatly admire.''' ,'''But what I really believe is education is a key to pretty much everything - prosperity, economics, peace, stability.''' ,'''I decided in '96 to dedicate my life to mostly promoting literacy and education for girls in rural Pakistan and Afghanistan.''' ,'''My father ended up starting the Kilimanjaro Christian Medical Centre, which is on the slopes of Kilimanjaro. My mother started a school.''' ,'''Liberals, conservatives, Muslims, Jews, Christians, and I find - I think education is something that can bring us together.''' ,'''If you look at the 9/11 highjackers, certainly they were educated, some even had university degrees, but nobody really checked their mothers, who were nearly all illiterate.''' ,'''One thing that I noticed is having met some former Taliban is even they, as children, grew up being indoctrinated. They grew up in violence. They grew up in war. They were taught to hate. They were, they grew up in very ignorant cultures where they didn't learn about the outside world.''' ,'''I say if you fight terrorism, it's based in fear, but if you promote peace, it's based on hope.''' ,'''Yes, I first visited Korphe village, Braldu valley, Baltistan, Pakistan, after failing to summit K2 in 1993, and met Haji Ali, a long time dear mentor and friend. My second visit to Korphe was in 1994.''' ,'''Once I started the first school, I realized this is what my life is meant to be, is to promote education and help kids go to school, and that's very clear.''' ,'''I used to climb mountains a lot; I decided to go to Pakistan to climb K2, the world's second-highest mountain. I didn't get quite to the top.''' ,'''Really, what education does is it gives opportunity, but it also gives hope.''' ,]
+++