+++
author = "Paul Manafort"
title = "Paul Manafort Quotes"
quotes_len = "74"
description = "the best 74 Paul Manafort Quotes"
keywords = "paul manafort,paul manafort quotes,paul manafort quote,paul manafort sayings,paul manafort saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As an opinion manager, a campaign consultant, fixing personality negatives is a lot easier than fixing character negatives.''' ,'''As I'm telling people today, 'Never Trump' is nevermore. I mean, they're just gone.''' ,'''There are some Senate candidates who aren't sure Trump is in their interest yet, but they'll come along.''' ,'''I work directly for the boss. I listen to everybody, but I have one man whose voice is louder than everybody else's.''' ,'''The conversation we should be having is, what does Russia have from Hillary Clinton's server?''' ,'''You don't change Donald Trump. You don't 'manage' him.''' ,'''When it comes to the general election, we are no longer running as an individual: we are running as the head of a ticket. And so the party itself will be doing some things to raise money, and Mr. Trump has indicated that he'd be willing to help the party.''' ,'''Many women feel they can't afford their lives; their husbands can't afford to be paying for the family bills. Hillary Clinton is guilty of being part of the establishment that created that problem.''' ,'''Mr. Trump has said that he wants a vice president who knows Washington, is able to deal with the Congress, and could be viewed as somebody who could be president.''' ,'''I have run campaigns. That doesn't make you the establishment.''' ,'''Of course he's going to work with Paul Ryan; of course he's tried to bridge the party together with Paul Ryan, but Ryan is also running against somebody who's not going to win but nonetheless is a strong supporter of Mr. Trump's.''' ,'''Donald Trump figured out that the campaign for a moderate presidency is different than it's been in the past. He didn't put together a traditional campaign.''' ,'''Trump is in the position to be the next president of the United States, given the mood in America today.''' ,'''Benghazi was a tragedy. Libya is a tragedy.''' ,'''Obviously, people feeling that their government is responsive to them is in the best interest of the United States. It's in the best interest of the U.K., it's in the best interest of countries all over the world.''' ,'''My work in Ukraine ceased following the country's parliamentary elections in October 2014.''' ,'''I have never received a single 'off-the-books cash payment' as falsely 'reported' by 'The New York Times,' nor have I never done work for the governments of Ukraine or Russia.''' ,'''What happened with Brexit was people taking back control.''' ,'''I'm not a lobbyist.''' ,'''Pence is a fan of fundraising and does enjoy doing it.''' ,'''Donald Trump's whole candidacy from the time he started has been filled with myths by the media that he couldn't - he was not a serious candidate.''' ,'''We don't plan on winning in August - we plan on winning in November.''' ,'''As I've said many times, Yanukovych was a pro-Western, not pro-Putin, president.''' ,'''I don't think this election is about Hillary Clinton. This election is about Donald Trump.''' ,'''If we run the campaign that we plan on running, we think we're going to win.''' ,'''Donald Trump understands media. He's a television star. And he's connected with America.''' ,'''You can't change somebody's character, but you can change the way a person presents themselves.''' ,'''Trouble follows the Clintons everywhere.''' ,'''You talk to tax attorneys who are not politically motivated, and they will tell you they would never advise their client to release any tax information in the course of an audit.''' ,'''The rise of ISIS is a result of - Obama and Clinton making a decision to pull our troops out without preparing Iraq is a colossal mistake.''' ,'''Leadership is failing. And Donald Trump is going to take a holistic approach to how we focus on these things, and he's not going to allow disparate activities in the communities to define everything.''' ,'''By the way, in Mrs. Clinton's returns, you saw a lot of income coming from donors to the Clinton Foundation and people who benefitted from her State Department term as well.''' ,'''Once again, the 'New York Times' has chosen to purposefully ignore facts and professional journalism to fit their political agenda, choosing to attack my character and reputation rather than present an honest report. The suggestion that I accepted cash payments is unfounded, silly, and nonsensical.''' ,'''I'm always careful what clients I take.''' ,'''Trump is an outsider; maybe you don't know. So he is sitting in a room: he is talking business, he is talking politics - in a private room, it's a different persona. When he's out on the stage, he is talking about the kinds of things he's talking about himself; he's projecting an image that's for that purpose.''' ,'''Donald Trump was not asked by the leadership to change. And there's no reason for him to change. He's just won the primary process with a record number of votes, beating a field of 16 qualified candidates. So, there's no reason for Donald Trump to change.''' ,'''I have one client: Donald Trump.''' ,'''Trump is very plugged in. He's very connected.''' ,'''Brexit is really a good forerunner of what's going to happen here in November, I think. The same angst that drove that vote is driving the American election.''' ,'''The Republican Party is a composition of the members of the party and not just the leadership.''' ,'''What makes you the establishment is if you buy into it.''' ,'''They get the faceless bureaucrats in Brussels and Strasbourg who have ruled and told the Brits how to live and making promises for them that their lives would get better and talking about a future based on globalism versus family and individual and local community. That's what Brexit was all about.''' ,'''Mr. Trump's position has been clear from the beginning: He's under audit. When the audit is completed, he'll release his returns.''' ,'''We're here really to let them know that we're going to run a traditional campaign with them. And when we're the nominee of the Republican Party, you know, it's going to be a Trump brand of the party, but we are Republicans. We're running as team.''' ,'''Trump was doing very well on a model that made sense, but now, as the campaign has gotten to the end stages, a more traditional campaign has to take place.''' ,'''The promises that globalism is the solution, the promise that government's going to make your life better if you just give up your freedoms, the promises that we know better than you on how to make your lives better, have been rejected.''' ,'''The role that I played in Ukraine ended up resulting in Ukraine becoming part of the European community.''' ,'''Mr. Trump of course feels sorry for what the Khan family has gone through, just, frankly, as he felt sorry for the victims that spoke before the Republican Convention who lost loved ones from illegal immigrant criminals coming in and being able to travel the country freely.''' ,'''Reince Priebus is a strong supporter of Donald Trump and a good friend and supporter of Paul Ryan.''' ,'''The simplest answer is the truth: I am a campaign professional.''' ,'''Trump's negatives are negatives that deal with his personality. People don't know yet what to make of him.''' ,'''Those are the two issues: Protecting the homeland and stopping the war and going after ISIS in a way that ends the terrorism.''' ,'''It depends on who you talk to if I'm part of the establishment or part of the antiestablishment.''' ,'''We've noted that the Clinton camp was the first to get it out there, trying to say there was something untoward about the speech Melania Trump gave. It's just another example, as far as we're concerned, that when Hillary Clinton is threatened by a female, the first thing she does is try to destroy the person.''' ,'''The issue that Mr. Trump is talking about and which, really, frankly, I expect the media should be talking about is protecting the American homeland from national security risks and terrorists.''' ,'''Trump is not a fan of fundraising, but he's willing to do it.''' ,'''I've never dealt with the Russian government, I've never had a relationship with the Russian government.''' ,'''As far as the Yanukovych administration is concerned, you will see, if you do any fact-checking, that I was the person that negotiated the framework which is based upon which Ukraine is now a part of Europe. That was my role. That's what I did. And when it was completed, I left.''' ,'''If there's anyone who's against Wall Street, it's Donald Trump, not Hillary Clinton, who basically lives off of the funding from Wall Street.''' ,'''Donald Trump is running this campaign. And I'm working directly for Donald Trump.''' ,'''People are frustrated with all of the drama around the Clinton family and the history of the Clinton family.''' ,'''Like my father, Trump also understands working-class Americans.''' ,'''I was about 15, 16 years old when my father first ran for mayor, and that's where I cut my teeth.''' ,'''Please, let's talk to American families and sit around the dinner table at night figuring how to pay their bills.''' ,'''The point is the country has got serious problems dealing with terrorism both domestic and international.''' ,'''The reality is, Ted Cruz has seen his best day.''' ,'''The point is - that Donald Trump has been making on the campaign trail is that he's financing his own campaign. That's very important for him to say now in his mind because he wants people to know that he owes nobody anything other than the American people, or the voters who are picking, choosing his candidacy.''' ,'''The national polls are distorted. To get a national sample, they rely too much on Hispanics from New York and California, which is where large populations are but also where most of the radical Hispanics are.''' ,'''The framework of the election favors Donald Trump.''' ,'''Where there is terrorist activity - Syria or Iraq - we will temporarily suspend immigration until we can establish a vetting system in which we can identify who people are who are coming in.''' ,'''Securing the Republican nomination is an intricate series of steps that requires a comprehensive strategy.''' ,'''Donald Trump is talking about the failed leadership of the Obama Administration.''' ,'''We are organized, we are moving forward, and the Clinton machine may not like it, but we're prepared for the fight.''' ,'''The 'Never Trump' movement was never going anywhere.''' ,]
+++