+++
author = "Elizabeth Banks"
title = "Elizabeth Banks Quotes"
quotes_len = "80"
description = "the best 80 Elizabeth Banks Quotes"
keywords = "elizabeth banks,elizabeth banks quotes,elizabeth banks quote,elizabeth banks sayings,elizabeth banks saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Your funny gets developed pretty early on. Comedy requires that you understand as much as possible about the viewpoints of all people and everything that's going on around you. It genuinely requires a true point of view, a real sense of your own view of things in the world.''' ,'''Comedy often comes at the expense of others, and to do that smartly, you don't want to make fun of vulnerable people. You want to make fun of people in power, and so you need to really understand the dynamics of power.''' ,''''Pitch Perfect 2,' those scenes are super fun. It's just me and John Michael Higgins, and we've been friends for so long, we just have the best time. Anything I do with him is some of my favorite stuff.''' ,'''I directed plays in college. It's something that I have sort of always put in the back of my mind, and I'm a busy actress, and it's very difficult to sort of find the time, honestly, to commit to directing. It's a very - it's a big, big job.''' ,'''I have very fond memories of the Eagles from my experience with 'Invincible' and my college days in Philadelphia. But I am a Massachusetts girl and a Pats fan.''' ,'''I didn't quite believe I was pretty for a long time. I never thought about it.''' ,'''I grew up sort of lower working class. And I just didn't want to have the money struggles that my parents had. You know, I could just - as loving an environment I grew up in - and I grew up in a great home, a very loving home - but, you know, we had that stress. We had that stress in our life.''' ,'''Normally for photo shoots I get a full wax, some tanning, a facial.''' ,'''My father always made an amazing meatloaf, and I've inherited his skill. Leftover meatloaf in a sandwich? Come on!''' ,'''My father is a huge horse racing fan, so I was introduced to the sport long before 'Seabiscuit.' But the role made me an even bigger fan. Horse racing is one of my favorite sports.''' ,'''No matter what, I'm in a very small club. There are very few women who have directed studio-level commercial films - very few.''' ,'''It's not good to put in a magazine what I weigh because it's too little. People freak out when they hear what I weigh. They think, 'Oh, you're too skinny.'''' ,'''I really find that when I get on an airplane, I never drink anything but water, and I drink a ton of it. I like to sit in the window, but I'm always climbing over people to go to the bathroom. I'm that seatmate. But ya gotta do it. All about the water.''' ,'''I think comedy has to be very fearless, or it just gets bland.''' ,'''I'm a good role model. I have an amazing marriage, and it will be long lasting. I think I'm a good mom. I could run for office, no problem, because there are no skeletons in my closet.''' ,'''Honestly, I am hoping to influence young people, and Twitter's a great way to encourage them to lend their voice to the conversation. Any time you can show young people that you support gay friends and that there are gay people in the world who are lovely, happy, singing, and in love, it opens their minds.''' ,'''I like my coffee light.''' ,'''I work out with our trainer, Jocelynne Boschen of Alpha Sport L.A., hike a lot, and eat healthy. I love cooking so prepare a lot of my own food and avoid processed foods. No fast food. No soda.''' ,''''Hunger Games' is a tried-and-true tale about a totalitarian society. It's more similar to China than America, but it's also similar to Nazi Germany and anywhere where the populace gets semi-brainwashed into serving the agenda of a very few.''' ,'''I have such a respect for comedy. It's a lot harder than doing drama, in my opinion; you have to have sort of an innate sense of humor. There are rules to comedy you can learn. But ultimately, it really does require a certain point of view on the world, and that really does appeal to me.''' ,'''Every once in a while I play a true idiot, and they're really fun to play.''' ,'''If I ever complain about yachting around the Mediterranean with Madonna, who I just idolized as a child, I should be slapped across the face.''' ,'''I'm afraid of a cappella. I don't read music, and I have a hard time harmonizing. Basically, I'm a melody singer only.''' ,'''I'm not a fan of plastic surgery. Oh, and I've never had a wax in my life. Waxing makes no sense to me because you have to grow it out to wax it.''' ,'''Portion control is a real problem. My husband and I always split one appetizer and one entree. I'm sure waiters hate us.''' ,'''I love stories about misfits and underdogs.''' ,'''Violence against women is real and something I feel passionately about, and the gateway to all that is wolf whistling. It's allowing a man to impose his will on a woman who is just trying to walk down the street and live her life. It's all about unwanted versus wanted attention, and, of course, there's a fine line.''' ,'''All through my twenties, I lived in very walkable cities - Philadelphia, San Francisco, and New York.''' ,'''I went to a few really bad commercial auditions because I needed the money, and when you booked a commercial, your life was made: you could eat.''' ,'''I do try to eat healthy, and I find that's easiest when I just avoid the Doritos aisle at the grocery store.''' ,'''Most men I know rely on women to do all the literal dirty work.''' ,'''The only reason ever to make a sequel is to spend more time with the characters that people love: to tell more of their story.''' ,'''These properties that get made into movies, some are easier than others. When they first said, 'Yeah, they're making a movie out of Lego,' I said, 'Lego what? What does that even mean?' And it's such a good concept.''' ,'''I love improv. I do it with my co-star John Michael Higgins in both 'Pitch Perfect' films.''' ,'''I don't stay in my trailer. I like to sit in video village, probably to the annoyance of some producers and directors, because they really love to talk about actors, and they can't in front of me.''' ,'''Producing never stops. It's 24/7.''' ,'''I think people respond to me as a down-to-Earth, girl-next-door person, because I am one of those people. That's something I don't have to act very hard at.''' ,'''I am not afraid of much. I kill all the spiders in my house, and I'm planning to go skydiving. I am into girl power, and I'm very self-sufficient.''' ,'''My acting gives me my self-worth.''' ,'''I only know the lyrics to songs that I listened to between the ages of 11 and 15.''' ,'''I can hang with the dudes because I love beef and baseball and driving fast and flirting. I understand where men are coming from, and I'm interested in typically male endeavors. But I can also wear the short skirt and cheerlead.''' ,'''I hope I'm Jessica Tandy, you know. I hope I'm onstage, and I fall over at 85 or something with everyone applauding thinking that it was a joke, you know, 'There she goes again,' and I'm just gone. I've gone to Heaven.''' ,'''Klutziness is endearing. I like imperfection.''' ,'''I'm a physical comedian, and I don't get to show it off very often.''' ,'''I play Rock Band, which is Guitar Hero times ten. You can play with four people, so when you have parties, you have a real band. Nobody ever wants to sing, so I'm always the one throwing down on the mic.''' ,'''What I love about Twitter specifically is that reciprocity is not guaranteed, nor expected. In other words, I can go one way. I can put things out. I don't have to respond to everybody.''' ,'''I have a gay cousin who came out to my parents before he came out to his own. So I benefited from having a very open, supportive family, and I want to pass that on.''' ,'''When I was in college I was accused of being a goody two-shoes. But every goody two-shoes has a bad side.''' ,'''I love Prada shoes. I cannot get enough of them. Or Valentino.''' ,'''I think the hardcore fans can expect exactly what both 'The Hunger Games' and 'Catching Fire' delivered: 'Mockingjay' is going to be as faithful a rendition of Suzanne's Collins's world and books and characters as we can put out!''' ,'''When you live in a leading lady's body, which I do, you have to constantly prove that you are funny.''' ,'''One predictor for divorce is contempt, which to me is just another word for disrespect.''' ,'''I actually think that secrets are just a part of human nature and that everybody should have some.''' ,'''I was an early adopter of the 'Hunger Games.' I read them before they were best sellers - I was on the pre-order wait list for 'Mockingjay' on Amazon.''' ,'''I'm not a particularly shiny, happy person. I'm fairly cynical, and that's what draws me to comedy.''' ,'''The sexism in Hollywood is not particularly overt - because the system is good at hiding it.''' ,'''I'm very genetically blessed; I cannot deny it, but I work hard at keeping myself together. Yes, I have nice cheekbones and skinny legs, but I can't take any credit for it.''' ,'''I've learned all my hair and makeup tricks on the set, and I incorporate all kinds of things when I'm getting ready, and I'm big on blotting papers. I get a very shiny forehead, which I like to call my inner glow coming out.''' ,'''Sometimes I'm sexy, and sometimes I'm not.''' ,'''Some big actresses told me a few things that inspired me. One said that the biggest challenge for a female actress was to make sure they are not profoundly bored. Another told me to just do whatever you want - do anything.''' ,'''I suppose the best advice I ever got, frankly the advice that changed my life, came from my uncle who told me to go to drama school and study acting instead of taking a job, because he said the job would always be there.''' ,'''When I was coming up, it was the golden age. It was Julia Roberts and Meg Ryan, and Reese Witherspoon was starting. You really had, 'Who is America's Next Sweetheart?' every couple of years. And then this sort of bromance slacker thing took over.''' ,'''The great thing about Twitter is, you get a lot back, and I read through a lot, and I want my fans to know that I do read a lot, and it's why I do respond or retweet clever posts, and I'm constantly amazed by the cleverness of people on Twitter.''' ,'''I had an audition for Mary Jane Watson in 'Spiderman' and ended up playing Betty Brant in that series. I auditioned for Amy Adams' role in 'Catch Me If You Can' and, you know, ended up playing the bank teller. So there were a lot of times early on where I felt like I was always sort of the bridesmaid, never the bride - never quite right.''' ,'''I grew up in a very small town, but it happened to be in western Massachusetts, where there were a lot of gay people. I remember my aunt going to a gay wedding when I was 11, and I thought it was the coolest thing.''' ,'''My favorite event each year is the Yankees-Red Sox series. Love seeing passions run hot among the fans, especially when both teams are in the running for the playoffs.''' ,'''You have got to have an agent. It's a business. But I think there is a way to be artful and commercial at the same time.''' ,'''I played softball. I was on an all-star team. I traveled with the team. I loved it.''' ,'''Someone told me that having a baby is like having your heart walking around outside of your body, and I didn't understand it until I had a baby. Now, like, everything he does literally crushes my heart. In a great way. And then if he's in pain, it's like my whole endeavor is to make sure he's not in pain.''' ,'''I love physical comedy. I love Oscar Wilde, I love Shakespeare comedies, I love improv.''' ,''''Thank you' is often an admission that you needed something that wasn't being fulfilled or you couldn't do on your own, so you needed someone else. There is also guilt. We think, 'Well, too much time has gone by, and it doesn't matter,' but it does. It always matters.''' ,'''I do this system called TRX. It was developed by a Navy SEAL and is basically a simple cord that you can wrap around something anywhere, anytime, and you use your body weight as resistance. We installed one in our home gym, but you can also attach it to a tree. It's very easy to travel with.''' ,'''I secretly harbor the fantasy of becoming an action star at any moment. I know I'd be great at it.''' ,'''I try not to repeat myself too often, but it's a gamble. 'Fred Claus' had three Oscar winners in it. No business - it was a bad movie.''' ,'''I went to drama school. I'm classically trained; I studied Shakespeare, blah blah blah. But I always preferred to do Oscar Wilde, or Shakespeare's comedies over his dramas.''' ,'''Predicting what content is going to fly is like looking into a crystal ball. I try not to say, 'Yeah, 'Bridesmaids' opened the door to make more movies about women.' I mean, did it? I don't know; where are they?''' ,'''I like entertaining people. I want to make big entertainment.''' ,'''It's okay to lose. Losing teaches you something. Having to try and going through the trials and tribulations to actually overcome, to get there to win, to triumph, that's what makes life interesting.''' ,'''When you have one kid, you feel like you can jet set around, and you can throw him on the hip, and you get your life done. You don't realize how easy one is until you have two. Now I'm really a mom. Oh, I am a mom now! This is for serious - I am responsible for two people now.''' ,'''I love working with a stylist but I also love having personal relationships with designers. A stylist is great for pulling together an entire outfit, accessories included, and for shaking me out of my comfort zone.''' ,]
+++