+++
author = "Ravi Kishan"
title = "Ravi Kishan Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Ravi Kishan Quotes"
keywords = "ravi kishan,ravi kishan quotes,ravi kishan quote,ravi kishan sayings,ravi kishan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am really blessed to have good people around me.''' ,'''I want to make Jaunpur a shooting hub of Bhojpuri cinema.''' ,'''Winning an award is always a special moment.''' ,'''Film festivals is a great way to display good cinema.''' ,'''I love camera, make-up and everything about the industry.''' ,'''Brahmins never torment or trouble others and have been respected since ages for imparting knowledge and giving direction to society.''' ,'''I had a fear of heights but I overcame that while shooting for 'Luck.' I jumped from a height of 2,000 feet for one shot.''' ,'''I suffered initially because I think most of the people working in the industry only care about themselves. They are not interested in helping anyone as that may boomerang on them someday.''' ,'''It is saddening to see parents busy making money and their children losing out on a good life.''' ,'''Calling a criminal Brahmin is disrespect of the entire Brahmin community.''' ,'''You have to join politics to reach out to the masses. As a filmstar I can reach out to 40-50 thousand followers but not 20 lakh people.''' ,'''Life trained me as an actor that's why I'm so dangerous, even more than a live bomb.''' ,'''I love Kolkata by the night. It's a lovely place to be in and people around are so warm. The city has a special place in my heart and that's the reason why I love coming back.''' ,'''Since 2007 I have been campaigning for the BJP pan-India.''' ,'''Bollywood is where I started from and learnt acting, whereas Bhojpuri cinema has got me superstardom. So, for me Bollywood is like a father and Bhojpuri cinema is my mother - there can't be a choice.''' ,'''May all couples remain blessed and together forever.''' ,'''Kolkata will always be special to me, for the simple reason that it played a crucial role in the way my career shaped up.''' ,'''I have big plans for UP as far as its film policy is concerned.''' ,'''A random rumor that did a rounds about me was that I am an actor who throws tantrums on the sets and likes to be treated like a King. Which is false.''' ,'''I can be a versatile actor.''' ,'''When I first heard the script of 'Brishti Brishti,' I was really excited. The film will require me to break away from the typical Ravi Kishan mould. Getting under the skin of my character will be a big challenge.''' ,'''BJP is a no-nonsense party and once the high command gives directions, it is followed through.''' ,'''Nobody supported me when I was struggling. I have never been able to understand that. It is maybe because I come from a small village.''' ,'''I don't have any problem playing second lead, or doing supporting roles. I am fine with it.''' ,'''I want to make it clear that I don't have any competition with other Bhojpuri actors.''' ,'''I am the man who has risen from rags to riches.''' ,'''The Bhojpuri industry in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh has made me a star. At the same time, I've also given the Bhojpuri industry a new lease of life. Surely, I need to be respected.''' ,'''Yogi Adityanath is my Lord Krishna and I am his Arjuna. Under his leadership I will work to develop Gorakhpur as one of the best cities in north India.''' ,'''My name had been sent for the award for Best Supporting Actor in 'Tere Naam,' but I missed it.''' ,'''When people call me the Amitabh of the Bhojpuri experience, I feel my chest swell with pride.''' ,'''I wish every actor had fame like Salman Khan in the film fraternity.''' ,'''The population of Hindus is 100 crore. So obviously India is a Hindu Rashtra.''' ,'''My father was a priest, so it was natural for us to read the 'Ramayana' and inculcate its values in our life.''' ,'''It is important for me to be comfortable with the people I am working with.''' ,'''I am a Brahmin.''' ,'''I have worked with acclaimed filmmakers like Shyam Benegal, Mani Ratnam, Anurag Kashyap and Tigmanshu Dhulia.''' ,'''I will never stop acting. The day I will do that, I will die.''' ,'''I am a father to three daughters and I understand what they have to face everyday.''' ,'''For a star like me to take a dance show and perform in front of the whole world was not a cake walk.''' ,'''I had started with Bollywood and then I shifted to Bhojpuri films to create my own identity there.''' ,'''I want to do one reality show every year. It goes with my personality.''' ,'''I can never ever forget Bhojpuri cinema because that is where I got my due. I can never turn my back on the Bhojpuri film industry.''' ,'''I am a very dangerous actor.''' ,'''I love cinema like a madman.''' ,'''After doing films like 'Mukkabaaz,' I feel I am finally getting films that I deserve.''' ,'''Chhath Puja is very close to my heart. Few years back, I did a movie titled 'Chhathi Maiyya.' After acting in this movie, I came to know more about the festival. Since then, I always wanted to perform Chhath Puja like other devotees do.''' ,'''I feel that every actor should do at least one movie with Tigmanshu Dhulia.''' ,'''When I was eight, I would go crazy dancing in marriages. During Ganpati, I would dance on the street all night. I loved music and would be mad about dancing.''' ,'''One person's comments can't bring down the entire Bhojpuri community or language!''' ,'''I give respect to everyone and they return the same.''' ,'''Humanity is going through a tough phase owing to the coronavirus pandemic. And the least we can do to help our government control its spread is to maintain social distance and stay isolated.''' ,'''I was born in a temple to a priest father, in a place like Benaras. So, my upbringing has been influenced by such surroundings.''' ,'''It's our responsibility as fathers to educate out boys to be sensitive and respectful towards women and not just curbing our girls' freedom.''' ,'''I take about 20-30 days off a year and spend time with my family.''' ,'''I am very much inspired by the life of Modi ji.''' ,'''If we want our kids to learn about the true essence of life, we have to take time out of our busy schedule and teach them the values before it is too late.''' ,'''I switched from 'Bigg Boss' to 'Kaun Banega Crorepati' and was very happy to see Amitabh Bachchan come back on television with such a fun and interesting show.''' ,'''I'm born in Mumbai and have made this my home. I have a lot of Maharashtrian friends as well. I understand the language perfectly.''' ,'''I feel scared of putting on weight or having a double chin as that might stop getting me work.''' ,'''Everybody wants the nation to progress and harmony between all communities. This has happened under the leadership of Modi ji and it will go on.''' ,'''UP has such beautiful locations and such ease of shooting.''' ,'''I have never allowed stardom to get to my head.''' ,'''My father, who lives in a village in Uttar Pradesh, was bedridden for some time. His BP shot up. While everyone got worked up at home, I didn't know how to manage my personal and professional lives.''' ,'''I believe that sitting in a street and hearing the people talk, argue, console each other is one workshop every actor must attend on a regular basis.''' ,'''I feel good cinema, be it big or small, with small actor or big actor, it always works.''' ,'''A criminal has no caste and is only a criminal.''' ,'''Salman is a very good friend of mine and all I wish for him is happiness. He is very helping and has done immense charity work which helps many.''' ,'''I can say that I'm a superstar now.''' ,'''I am a Gandhian and a big fan of late Rajiv Gandhi.''' ,'''I've been flattered by being called the Amitabh Bachchan of Bhojpuri cinema.''' ,'''Shyam Benegal's 'Welcome to Sajjanpur,' 'Luck' and, of course, 'Raavan' changed things for me.''' ,'''Bhojpuri cine fans watch good films. They watch Salman Khan's entertainers and can also watch 'Tanu Weds Manu' type of films too.''' ,'''In 2014, I heard Modi ji speak about toilets. For the first time, I saw a prime minister with such an outlook. I was impressed.''' ,'''I have been doing Bhojpuri films since quite some time, have achieved stardom over there and have a huge fan following.''' ,'''I want to become a serious politician like N T Rama Rao and Vinod Khanna who were from the film industry but joined politics and worked with utmost seriousness.''' ,'''It would be great if I am offered a film with Sonakshi. I've watched her in 'Dabangg' nearly four to five times and I did SMS her about her performance.''' ,'''I can relate with a woman's pain, their moods, their love, their passion. Maybe the percentage of woman in me is more. Maybe, being a Shiva devotee helps me. And that is why I can take so many avatars in front of the camera.''' ,'''The professionalism and everything is same in both the industries. The only difference between Bhojpuri cinema and Bollywood is budget.''' ,'''People in Bengal know me because of my stint in 'Bigg Boss,' 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa' and the Bollywood flicks.''' ,'''I connect with people, but after sometime I need to be on my own.''' ,'''I am a person who can never pretend and manipulate - I am what you see me as.''' ,'''I want to do good, strong roles.''' ,'''I am from Banaras and I have seen several aghoris. They are mysterious and their way of life is quite intriguing.''' ,'''I want to introduce people and my fans in Bihar to the Maharashtrian culture.''' ,'''My decision to participate in 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa' was purely for my daughter. I wanted her to be proud of me, and I know I have achieved it.''' ,'''Nationalism is a major issue. If the country is safe, my children will be safe and so will be the future generations. We want a safe and strong nation so that no enemy country can stare us down.''' ,'''I fractured my hand while shooting for 'Bullet Raja,' while we were shooting in Nashik.''' ,'''I only fear myself and my competition is with me. I have always been like this.''' ,'''I have done many films and I do around 10 films a year in Bhojpuri industry. Running to different locations is time consuming. However, I can't take break from work.''' ,'''Everybody has seen me as I am in 'Bigg Boss' and 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa.'''' ,'''I think I can strike a balance in politics and acting.''' ,'''I share a great rapport with Siddharth Jadhav. We have worked together in a Tamil film and have been friends since then.''' ,'''When I choose a script I look for a good storyline, there should be good supporting star cast, director and banner as it helps in getting a decent release.''' ,'''Middleclass women in Bihar and UP love my antics. They find me very hot.''' ,'''People must not believe in rumours. Even those who are spreading rumours and fake news must realize that they are not only disturbing others, but also putting their own lives at risk.''' ,'''If there can be Muslim and Christian countries, why can't there be a Hindu country?''' ,'''People want to see me for at least two hours uninterrupted in a Hindi film.''' ,'''Anurag wanted to cast me for 'Gangs of Wasseypur,' but he didn't approach me for it as he had an unflattering image of me in his mind. I regret big-time about this as I was very much willing to be part of such a powerful film.''' ,'''The film industry has given me everything I have today.''' ,'''If I was not serious about politics, I would not have left behind my successful career to become a politician.''' ,]
+++