+++
author = "Nate Dogg"
title = "Nate Dogg Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Nate Dogg Quotes"
keywords = "nate dogg,nate dogg quotes,nate dogg quote,nate dogg sayings,nate dogg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was a Dr. Dre fan.''' ,'''Death Row is a bridge out of that ghetto world, giving voices to those people society thinks shouldn't be heard.''' ,'''Sometimes I have some stuff in my head, man, you wouldn't believe. But I can go to the studio and talk about it. That's my way of releasing.''' ,'''I see myself as the ambassador of hip-hop. I do songs with people from everywhere. We ain't got nothing but love.''' ,'''It looks different seeing yourself on the big screen.''' ,'''People don't know how deep, loving, and caring 'Pac was. He was more than a rapper or an actor: he was a real friend.''' ,'''I literally grew up in the church.''' ,'''The South Side loves me - I've got a song with Jermaine Dupri - and I've got songs on the East Coast and songs on the West Coast. Now, if I could just find me a rapper from up North.''' ,'''Thirty days after high-school graduation, I went straight into the Marines.''' ,'''I met Snoop through church when we was, like, 13 or 14. You know, they had them little church picnics and basketball games, and that's where I got to know him.''' ,'''I love old R&B records.''' ,'''I really didn't even pick producers. I just picked beats, except for Dre - he's the only producer I knew I wanted to work with.''' ,'''You can be more creative when you're not feeling like a slave. When you're on a record label, they have you like that.''' ,'''The first song I wrote was called 'Baby Darling Darling Girl,' and you know what's funny? It went, 'Baby darling darling girl, I really love your Jheri Curl.' I thought it was tight as hell.''' ,'''My family don't listen to R&B - never have, never will. They only listen to gospel. That's where I get my voice from. I got a gospel voice.''' ,'''There are certain rules: If you know somebody did something, you don't just say, 'Ay, po-leece, I know who did it!' it's more like, 'Okay, I'll take care of it.'''' ,'''If I'm not around, not only do I fail my sons, I fail myself. Becoming a father changed my outlook and gave me a whole other reason to be around.''' ,'''I don't know how to do nothing else. I started out doing what I do, and I try to stick to what I'm doing.''' ,'''That's all I know how to do, just make music.''' ,'''A lot of people just send me beats, and I pick the ones I like. See, once I said I was doing my album - because I know everybody and they mama - everybody just got in touch with me.''' ,'''Boys need fathers, and you can't do that in jail.''' ,'''It makes it a lot easier when you can make your own decisions.''' ,'''I'm trying to make a big statement - that I'm not just a hook singer.''' ,'''When I do get married, I'm gonna sing to my wife. If a woman makes me fall in love, I've got to sing to her.''' ,'''A lot of black men get in desperate situations because they don't see any other avenues to make it. You make a couple of mistakes today, that's all she wrote. You're not going to get a good job; nobody's gonna hire a felon. You can't even vote. They just want to silence you.''' ,'''Wherever I go with my life, even the good times and the bad parts, only two people are with me: God and my music.''' ,'''Long Beach is fast. Every day, you hear something bad; somebody gets hurt.''' ,]
+++