+++
author = "Theodor Herzl"
title = "Theodor Herzl Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Theodor Herzl Quotes"
keywords = "theodor herzl,theodor herzl quotes,theodor herzl quote,theodor herzl sayings,theodor herzl saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The land which the Society of Jews will have secured by international law must naturally be privately owned.''' ,'''I prefer being penetrated by iron to seeing Palestine is loose.''' ,'''The Jewish people asked nothing of its sons except not to be denied. The world is grateful to every great man when he brings it something; only the paternal home thanks the son who brings nothing but himself.''' ,'''Let sovereignty be granted us over a portion of the earth's surface large enough to satisfy our rightful requirements as a nation. The rest we shall manage for ourselves.''' ,'''Those of us who are today prepared to hazard our lives for the cause would regret having raised a finger, if we were able to organize only a new social system and not a more righteous one.''' ,'''We believe that salvation is to be found in wholesome work in a beloved land. Work will provide our people with the bread of tomorrow, and moreover, with the honor of the tomorrow, the freedom of the tomorrow.''' ,'''Four years ago in speaking of a Jewish nation one ran the risk of being regarded ridiculous. Today he makes himself ridiculous who denies the existence of a Jewish nation.''' ,'''Nothing prevents us from being and remaining the exponents of a united humanity, when we have a country of our own. To fulfill this mission we do not have to remain literally planted among the nations who hate and despise us.''' ,'''The character of a people may be ruined by charity.''' ,'''Philanthropic colonization is a failure. National colonization will succeed.''' ,'''Truly we have had enough experience with sufferance and protection which could be revoked at will. Consequently, the only reasonable Course of action is to work for publicly legalized guarantees.''' ,'''It goes without saying that the Jewish people can have no other goal than Palestine and that, whatever the fate of the proposition may be, our attitude toward the land of our fathers is and shall remain unchangeable.''' ,'''Palestine is our unforgettable historic home. The very name would be a force of marvelous potency for summoning our people together.''' ,'''If you will it, it is no dream.''' ,'''But we wish to give the Jews a Homeland. Not by dragging them ruthlessly out of their sustaining soil, but rather by removing them carefully, roots and all, to a better terrain.''' ,'''Our opponents maintain that we are confronted with insurmountable political obstacles, but that may be said of the smallest obstacle if one has no desire to surmount it.''' ,'''Economic distress, political pressure, and social obloquy already drive us from our homes and from our graves. The Jews are already constantly shifting from place to place.''' ,'''It is true that we aspire to our ancient land. But what we want in that ancient land is a new blossoming of the Jewish spirit.''' ,'''Our first object is... the obtaining of sovereignty, assured by international law, over a portion of the globe sufficiently large to satisfy our just requirements.''' ,'''But I am convinced that those Jews who stand aside today with a malicious smile and with their hands in their trousers' pockets will also want to dwell in our beautiful home.''' ,'''Zionism demands a publicly recognized and legally secured homeland in Palestine for the Jewish people. This platform is unchangeable.''' ,'''We are organizing Jewry for its coming destiny.''' ,'''What We want is to make it possible for our unfortunate people to live a life of industry for it is by steady work alone that we hope for our physical and moral rehabilitation. For this reason above all we have undertaken to rally our people around our ideal.''' ,'''If anyone thinks that Jews can steal into the land of their fathers, he is deceiving either himself or others. Nowhere is the coming of Jews so promptly noted as in the historic home of the Jews, for the very reason that it is the historic home.''' ,'''I incline to an aristocratic republic. This would satisfy the ambitious spirit among our people. We shall learn from the historic mistakes of others in the same way as we learn from our own; for we are a modern nation and wish to be the most modern in the world.''' ,'''The spirit in which the offer was made must of necessity contribute to improving and alleviating the situation of the Jewish people without our renouncing one iota of the great principles upon which our movement is based.''' ,'''The Jews had, as a matter of fact, long been all along the most ingenious entrepreneurs. It was only our own future that we had never built upon a business basis.''' ,]
+++