+++
author = "Suzuka Nakamoto"
title = "Suzuka Nakamoto Quotes"
quotes_len = "70"
description = "the best 70 Suzuka Nakamoto Quotes"
keywords = "suzuka nakamoto,suzuka nakamoto quotes,suzuka nakamoto quote,suzuka nakamoto sayings,suzuka nakamoto saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When people saw us for the first time they were just open-mouthed. Then they really got into it and started wearing Babymetal T-shirts.''' ,'''In the 'Doki Doki Morning' video, there were lots of parts where we weren't dancing. It was just, you know, our faces. But fans thought up their own movements and dances for those parts, and they made lots of outfits, too.''' ,'''I cherish our songs in both Japanese and English.''' ,'''I always put my best into our live performances and most of all it is always important for us to keep true to what we do as BABYMETAL.''' ,'''From the beginning, I felt that Heavy Metal is not just about music but also something that you feel with your heart. It is music that helps you express your emotions and feelings.''' ,'''Our sound is really hard metal but looks cute, and in some parts of the song the lyrics are really cute.''' ,'''We are pioneers of creating a new genre of metal.''' ,'''The Fox God created Babymetal by coming to us in a dream and telling the three of us to form the band. It is because of the Fox God that we are able to be who we are and perform all over the world.''' ,'''We've noticed that even though we sing in Japanese, our fans study Japanese and sing along with us, and that people who like J-pop and people who like metal both enjoy our music just the same.''' ,'''In Singapore, when we actually met foreign fans and talked to them, it was like 'Wow! They really exist!'''' ,'''Our goal is not to be number one. Our aim is to be the only one.''' ,'''I am sure there are some people who say that we are not metal, but we want to create a new genre that will appeal to people of all ages, both boys and girls.''' ,'''We already knew that Glastonbury is one of the largest music festivals. We always wanted to perform here, and it's like a dream. It's really amazing.''' ,'''We always do this fox sign that appears in our choreography very often. Our fans enjoy doing this sign together at our shows.''' ,'''Eating good food energizes me.''' ,'''There's a shift and a change in how we've matured to becoming adults. 'Elevator Girl' represents our maturity.''' ,'''Through playing so many shows now outside of Japan, what I realize the most is that there is a very diverse fan base that comes to our shows. Sometimes you see older people, younger people, kids, female, male, a lot of different demographics, people from different backgrounds as well.''' ,'''It's always fun to see fans getting into the rhythm, enjoying our performance, and seeing them sing along with us!''' ,'''Babymetal's music is kind of - no one else creates this kind of music. When Babymetal first started, we wanted to give the impression of like, 'What the heck?!'''' ,'''I think our strongest suit is our live show.''' ,'''When we first started out, we had no idea what metal music was all about. But now we listen to everything from cute songs to all sorts of metal music.''' ,'''I have a sweet tooth, yeah.''' ,'''Yuimetal has been someone very special to us.''' ,'''We feel it's really interesting to see how our music translates to such a broad audience.''' ,'''There's so many things about Babymetal you cannot just grasp with the sound. The visual has to compliment the sound, the costumes have to compliment the sound.''' ,'''There's no-one in particular that we look up to, because we strive to be something that's never gone before.''' ,'''I would describe our concerts as pretty intense.''' ,'''Our aim is to bring everyone together through BABYMETAL's music.''' ,'''I think that British fans' support is making our heart stronger.''' ,'''Seeing so many comments on our YouTube channel from people all over the world, even if they don't understand Japanese, made me realize that music has worldwide appeal.''' ,'''Before we joined BABYMETAL, we weren't that familiar with metal, but we learned a lot from Metallica. Watching their shows and even meeting them, they were really nice to us.''' ,'''One thing that brings everyone together are the lyrics. Even if the people singing don't know the Japanese words, they still sing along.''' ,'''Our fans are made up of different groups of people: people who enjoy this Japanese idol scene, versus metal fans. The crowd is disorganised because everyone is reacting to the band in a different way.''' ,'''The theme of 'Karate' is about fighting yourself to break down barriers and move forward.''' ,'''I learned to say 'hello' in German, French, Spanish, Dutch, Chinese, Indonesian, and Italian - languages of the countries I've visited.''' ,'''We want to gather everyone together as one, transcending any barrier of language and culture.''' ,'''We don't really know a lot about the Fox God, but we believe in him.''' ,'''I don't expect for people to like the same things, so I don't feel a need to force people to understand who we are.''' ,'''I've often been asked, 'aren't you going to sing in English?' So I'm very glad to have a song in English.''' ,'''Gabrielle Aplin is one of my favourites.''' ,'''We've incorporated different sounds from different countries and genres, and we've explored widening the range of our music.''' ,'''Sometimes metal music tends to be very masculine, but because our version of metal is a fusion of dance and heavy metal, all the mixing will create a very different type of music and the female aspect of it will help to create more uniqueness to it.''' ,'''We never imagined ourselves in this unbelievable situation that we're in today such as having concerts all over the world and we believe this is all given to us by the Fox God.''' ,'''The surprising thing is when we met Judas Priest, they all recognized us. They knew our songs. They knew 'Gimme Chocolate!' and started dancing along with the music.''' ,'''The crowd at Download Festival always welcomes us with a lot of energy so I can't wait to perform there again!''' ,'''We came to be Babymetal after receiving a divine message from the Fox God.''' ,'''A collaboration with Rob Halford, the 'Metal God,' has always been my dream. I never imagined that dream would come true!''' ,'''We've taken Japan's 'idol' music genre of pretty girls singing and dancing and added 'kawaii metal,' which is totally new.''' ,'''It didn't really sink in for me when I first heard that we would be supporting RHCP. But when I heard people around us commenting on how incredible it is to be on tour with such a celebrated band, that's when it finally sunk in and realised what a remarkable honour it is to tour with RHCP.''' ,'''The American fans really know how to have fun.''' ,'''We have never met the Fox God in person but he assigns us inconceivable challenges, so he is crucial for the progress and growth of Babymetal.''' ,'''For me, every time I step on the stage it feels like a battle is about to start. It's not like we're going on stage to fight against our audience obviously, because for me, when I go on stage, I'm always trying to reach a new level of how am I going to make today a great night for everyone that's present.''' ,'''Like Muse and Linkin Park, we are also striving to be the one and only to create a new genre called BABYMETAL. We hope to be as cool as them.''' ,'''We are aiming to create a one and only new music genre that exceeds the limits of pop and metal music.''' ,'''We focus on performances that can get our fans excited.''' ,'''Babymetal's music is something that no artist has attempted in the past, uniting people as one by crossing language barriers and national boundaries. It was a huge revelation when we realized that our music has such power.''' ,'''In the beginning I thought that metal was something scary, but I learned how thoughtful and amazing metal is. I'm so honored to be a part of it.''' ,'''While we don't always 'get' metal, we're doing our very best.''' ,'''My mum wasn't the sort of person who would ordinarily listen to heavy metal. But she thinks Babymetal's songs are cool. She's a big fan.''' ,'''Here in America when people love something they really love something, and they show it.''' ,'''When it comes to influences, we are influenced not just by Japanese and overseas metal acts, but J-pop acts too. One Japanese rock band we're particularly fond of is Seikima-II. We were attracted by their brand of devil imagery and of course, their high-quality musicianship.''' ,'''We're girls and we're feminine so it naturally comes into the music but at the same time we intentionally put beauty and females and also Japanese culture J-pop into the music so it creates unique music.''' ,'''Through our concerts and tours, we learned that our music is capable of bringing people together, breaking borders and genres. To symbolize all of that, we decided to sing 'The One' in English.''' ,'''The only place to find out what Babymetal is about and what Babymetal aims to do, you have to come out to a show.''' ,'''We performed 'Road of Resistance' at O2 Academy Brixton in London for the first time in the fall of 2014. I still remember how the British audience sang this song with us although it was a world premiere. In other words, the song 'Road of Resistance' really propelled us to move forward.''' ,'''We usually go to metal and rock festivals, and Glastonbury is not like that.''' ,'''I hope people can come along to see us perform and be like, 'What the hell is this?'''' ,'''In the beginning, Babymetal received critical comments since the genre was new, but now we have an impression that Babymetal's music is getting accepted and spreading as one genre of music.''' ,'''British fans are very warm-hearted.''' ,'''The American audience has always without fail shown us very real emotions. We always try to just be ourselves and show them who Babymetal are.''' ,]
+++