+++
author = "Nick Foles"
title = "Nick Foles Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Nick Foles Quotes"
keywords = "nick foles,nick foles quotes,nick foles quote,nick foles sayings,nick foles saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I ran a high-tempo offense in college. You don't really get caught up in it.''' ,'''When I was in Kansas City and having a tough time in my career, I decided to go to seminary to continue my spiritual growth.''' ,'''I'm not boisterous. I just let the work speak for itself.''' ,'''I'm not perfect.''' ,'''When you're dropping back and everything's going on, part of you wants to force it, but you have to make the right decision and not force the ball and sometimes throw it away.''' ,'''I'm into scripture every day.''' ,'''There's always going to be a lot of distractions in the NFL - that's just how it is; it's on the biggest stage - but really focusing on what I have to do now to help my team win, help me be at my best physically when I'm out there on the field and mentally, because that will ultimately help my team no matter what role I'm playing.''' ,'''I think, as a quarterback and a leader, it's not necessarily what you do in the limelight. Obviously, you want guys handling themselves in an appropriate manner for the organization and the team, but you need to be who you are. If you're a guy who does that and can be a leader, and naturally that's what you want to do, awesome.''' ,'''That alleviates a lot of the pressure when you know every single guy is playing for each other.''' ,'''I guess my perfect day would be relaxing with my wife somewhere peaceful and secluded, or just lounging on the couch and watching TV.''' ,'''Really focusing on what I have to do right now... no matter what role I'm playing - it alleviates everything around me and makes everything a lot more simple.''' ,'''Getting through the reads in an efficient manner. I don't want to stay on receivers too long to where a bad decision is made.''' ,'''There's definitely times when I'm tempted to look at the future, like any of us are. I'd be lying if that wasn't the case. But you have to reel back in and stay in the present.''' ,'''I'm not Superman.''' ,'''I'm a Christian.''' ,'''My dad was a great athlete growing up, and he could never fulfill his dreams of playing professional baseball.''' ,'''The thing I've always admired about Eagles fans is that it's not fans; it's family. It's generational.''' ,'''I'm just a quarterback. I'm just who I am.''' ,'''James Spader is a good actor.''' ,'''I've always tried to live in the moment.''' ,'''Everything you do in life is a process that you work at it, and you can't give up.''' ,'''I think when you look at a struggle in your life, just know that's just an opportunity for your character to grow.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if it's first-, second-, third-, fourth-, fifth-string snaps - any time you get a snap and get to go out there and practice, you build a database of information.''' ,'''Keeping our priorities straight, our faith, our family, and values will keep us grounded.''' ,'''If you want to be a quarterback in this league or Pee-Wee, you've got to believe, 'Hey, I'm the guy.'''' ,'''You travel, and there's Eagles fans everywhere.''' ,'''There's always going to be adversity.''' ,'''I've always held myself to high standards.''' ,'''I'm very fortunate to be playing, and I know that any given day could be the last. And I'll be thankful for the time I have had to play this game. But I'm going to give my all every single day.''' ,'''I can't play football forever.''' ,'''You always want to know, What makes a team great? It's the relationships. It's when you take the field, you actually care about each other. And when you care about each other, you play harder, and you trust the guy next to you.''' ,'''Now, to be a father, that changes everything.''' ,'''From the moment you enter the league, everyone wants to slap a label on you - some tidy description of what they think you bring to the game. And more often than not, that tag sticks with you, regardless of whether it's accurate.''' ,'''All glory to God.''' ,'''You've got to let your talents shine and play and trust the guys you play with.''' ,'''I loved my time in Philadelphia. I loved the fanbase, the people, and they will tell you the same thing.''' ,'''I've never been great at social media.''' ,'''We're professional athletes, and we have moments where we step back, and we have to think and assess everything in life.''' ,'''Nobody aspires to be a backup. And although I take great pride in the supporting roles I've played in both Philadelphia and Kansas City, part of me still cringes every time I hear myself described that way. Not only is it limiting and one-dimensional, it doesn't come close to describing who I really am.''' ,'''I can't do something unless my heart is in it.''' ,'''You could ask yourself, 'Hey, when you were 20, are you the same person?' You're not. You may have the same values, you might look a little older, you might have some things that are the same, but your heart, everything about you, starts growing, changing - good or bad. It just depends on how you approach life.''' ,'''Carson Wentz, he's always continuing to improve.''' ,'''I just want to thank the good Lord for giving me the ability to play the game I love.''' ,'''If you have to name me starting quarterback to go be a starting quarterback, then I probably have some issues I need to address.''' ,'''In sports, everything is a process.''' ,'''When you are having a rough day... you think you are failing. But failure is a part of life. It's about building character and growing.''' ,'''I've been overlooked, praised, questioned, lauded, labeled, celebrated, and derided - sometimes all in the span of a single week. That's life in the NFL.''' ,'''If you think you're going to be a backup, you're going to be a backup.''' ,'''That's something that's so often overlooked in this game - the dynamics of the locker room.''' ,'''I love the game of football, love getting better. My teammates know me, and I show them who I am in the locker room and don't change on the field.''' ,'''You just want to put the ball in play, whether I want to throw it downfield and it's not there, so I check it down, and it's a productive play and let the running back get a first down. Just keep the chains moving.''' ,'''After my time with a certain NFL team, I wanted to retire.''' ,'''I only care about winning and putting points on the board.''' ,'''I want the ball in my hands, throwing the ball, making decisions.''' ,'''Any time you've played different sports - for me, it has always been basketball; that is an instinctual sport. You're dribbling the ball, passing. I'm sure that has helped me a lot along the line with helping with my football instincts.''' ,'''I've wanted to be a starter ever since I was a little kid, so I wasn't going to give up on that dream.''' ,'''Things happen fast. That's this league. You can't slow down, because it's going.''' ,'''I love my family, love being with them, and that's what I stick to.''' ,'''I'm not living in the past.''' ,'''My mom and dad both worked when I was little... My mom, her mom died when she was 11, so she had a rough childhood as well. She put herself through college in three years at the University of Texas - while working a job to pay for it.''' ,'''We're all human; we all have weaknesses.''' ,'''I shouldn't have to come out and say, 'Hey, I should be a starter again.' There's a lot of guys that say that, that shouldn't be starters. The key is to go out on the field and lead your team to show people that, 'Hey, this guy is a good guy in the locker room. He can lead a team. He did it on the field. He's shown it.'''' ,'''The grass isn't always greener on the other side.''' ,'''If you prepare well and you play smart, there's times you'll dirt the ball or throw it away if you feel it's not there, but there's other times when you have to be aggressive and let your guys make plays.''' ,'''Getting all the things down game-management wise, that's what I want to excel at.''' ,'''I think, as people, we deal with struggles.''' ,'''I want to be a pastor in a high school.''' ,'''You keep adding things to your game. You never want to stay the same. You want to be consistent.''' ,'''Having a child, that's huge. I get to go home and hug my daughter. That's the greatest thing in the world.''' ,'''Any time a quarterback can protect the ball and not throw interceptions, that's huge.''' ,'''I think the big thing is don't be afraid to fail.''' ,'''If something is going on and you are struggling, embrace it. You are growing.''' ,'''I know when I listen to people speak and they share their weaknesses, I'm listening, because I can resonate.''' ,'''Everyone knows I'm sort of goofy. Some guys are really serious when they play. I'm not.''' ,'''I have fun, but I don't always want it to be on camera.''' ,'''I have amazing teammates, amazing coaches around me, and all I have to do is go play as hard as I could and play for one another, play for those guys and not look at the scoreboard, not look at the time.''' ,'''I'm a laid-back Texas boy.''' ,'''I think with experience and age, you gain knowledge and wisdom.''' ,'''Throughout my career, I've always loved hitting deep shots over the top. A lot of times, those plays just come to you. You don't want to force it.''' ,'''I grew up in the restaurant business, and that's always something I wanted to do.''' ,'''I wouldn't be out here without God, without Jesus in my life.''' ,'''Third down is a big thing with a quarterback: pinpoint accuracy, making good decisions.''' ,'''I know that throughout my career, I haven't always played great games.''' ,'''We might be in the NFL, but we still have our daily struggles.''' ,'''Since that moment in Houston where I fractured my collarbone, I've experienced a lot more experiences in the NFL than I had up to that point. A lot of them great, some of them not so great.''' ,'''I know I have the ability to start, and I have the ability to play.''' ,'''I think there are different kinds of quarterbacks, and if you look at any offense, there are different kind of quarterbacks, but you play to the strengths of whoever the quarterback is for the team.''' ,'''It took me years to separate Nick Foles the person from Nick Foles the football player.''' ,'''On a daily basis, I have to fight the internal battle to keep my priorities straight.''' ,'''Coach Pederson is the one who drafted me. He was the only coach who flew down to Texas and worked me out. I was only worked out by one team, and that was by Coach Pederson... the Philadelphia Eagles took a chance on me.''' ,'''Sometimes, the hardest things are just the simple things. Basically, get out of your own head and just go play the game you know how to play.''' ,'''Third-string quarterbacks, fourth-string quarterbacks - they get their opportunities, and they shine.''' ,'''I don't play for myself. I play for my teammates and play for the people that helped me get to where I am. I know they're watching me every week, and I want to play for them. It's just in my heart, and that's who I am.''' ,'''When you're playing in the NFL, you can only do this for a short amount of time. Guys retire before they're 30. If you play forever, you play into your 40s - and you're still a young man with a lot of life left to live.''' ,'''I do like Uggs.''' ,'''I think the big thing with Philly is I have such a great relationship with all the personnel decision makers that if there ever does come a day where I am traded or something does happen, it's going to be an open conversation.''' ,'''I love everything about this city, Philadelphia.''' ,'''I've been in games where execution hasn't gone like you want it. The key is you remain confident because you know who you are.''' ,]
+++