+++
author = "Diljit Dosanjh"
title = "Diljit Dosanjh Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Diljit Dosanjh Quotes"
keywords = "diljit dosanjh,diljit dosanjh quotes,diljit dosanjh quote,diljit dosanjh sayings,diljit dosanjh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think a director is hugely responsible for the fate of a film, so if it does well, he should be appreciated. As an actor, I can only perform well or choose to work with a good director in a good film.''' ,'''I owe everything to Punjabi cinema.''' ,'''Before me, Milkha Singhji was honored at Tussauds. But his statue did not have him in a turban, so I think I am the first turbaned Sardar to be featured at Tussauds.''' ,'''You can spread awareness through entertainment.''' ,'''I will continue making music, whether or not I get opportunities in films. I know I have fans who like to listening to me sing.''' ,'''The storyline has always been of paramount importance to me. The subject and climax of 'Phillauri' touched my heart.''' ,'''I am not a role model for anyone.''' ,'''Back home, no one looks at me as a star. At least I know my mother doesn't.''' ,'''Although I played a cop in 'Jatt & Juliet 2,' it was a comic role, so playing a serious cop with an important role in 'Udta Punjab' was a change.''' ,'''I have never followed any sport in my life, I was always into music. So, portraying Sandeep Singh was challenging for me.''' ,'''I have never looked at myself as a star.''' ,'''When we were shooting for 'Jatt & Juliet 2,' the director, Anurag Singh did not tell us that this was going to be a sequel. The only brief given to us was that, 'go and have fun on the sets.'''' ,'''Even during 'Udta Punjab,' I didn't say much until the film was out. I feel it's incorrect to talk about a film until everything falls into place.''' ,'''It's not like after winning an award, your job is done and you can relax. You still have to work hard.''' ,'''I love working; I don't take things for granted, so I just love to do what I do whilst it lasts.''' ,'''I think that the Punjabi film industry is growing and is keen to experiment with different genres.''' ,'''There was a time in my life when I'd only sing. In my initial years, I didn't ever speak on stage, forget acting. Eventually, my confidence as a performing artiste grew.''' ,'''If you're getting way too much than perhaps what you deserve, there's no insecurity. It comes up when you feel 'I expect and deserve much more but I'm not getting it.'''' ,'''I think that no number of rehearsals can guarantee the outcome of a live show.''' ,'''June is definitely a special month for me as many of my milestone films have released in this month, but that doesn't mean I consciously choose to release my films only in this month.''' ,'''As for what attracts me to 'Rising Star,' it's undoubtedly the live format.''' ,'''People used to think I am wearing turban so maybe I won't act. Then Bollywood happened. So on its own things have happened in my career.''' ,'''Many a times, I have felt that I am not alone and I am being followed by someone, but it's always a good entity.''' ,'''I am very scared of sitting without work.''' ,'''Soorma' means someone who does something that is impossible. It's the perfect title.''' ,'''If I don't like anything I say no to it.''' ,'''The only thing I consider before signing a project is that my fans should like it. I understand my responsibility towards my fans.''' ,'''I get a lot of love from Delhiites. My producers tell me that my films do really well here.''' ,'''I think we all face situations in life, where we are not sure if we will be able to make it. I have been through such experiences and for me, the real hero is the one who rises above obstacles.''' ,'''I do one film at a time. I can't wake up early. I can't do too many films.''' ,'''I am an observant. I like to observe people.''' ,'''When I am offered a film, I don't ask whether I will be singing any of the movie's tracks.''' ,'''It is my good fortune that I am the first Sikh to be playing lead roles in Hindi films.''' ,'''Whatever religion you believe in, if you take almighty's name and follow his words obediently, you will be safe to an extent.''' ,'''I am happy that people are taking me seriously as an actor.''' ,'''I had heard that in Bollywood, one gets publicity without even asking for it. There are new rumours every day and the celebrities involved get disturbed.''' ,'''The same actor plays the role of a thief and a police officer on-screen. It's not fair to look for role models in them.''' ,'''I believe every person has a story that comes out from the way they talk, their opinion, their mindset and their body language.''' ,'''There is no doubt that I feel bad when a film flops, but I can't sit back and not take up new work owing to that.''' ,'''Because of what I did in Punjabi cinema, I have got offers in Bollywood.''' ,'''Only the Punjabi music industry has stood the test of time. Bollywood has finished the regional music industry of other languages, but the Punjabi music scene is still flourishing.''' ,'''I am humbled for all the love of Indians I get from all over the world.''' ,'''Now that I have the access and money, I spend all of it on clothes and shoes. I have no other pursuits. I don't drink or smoke.''' ,'''I started watching movies in theatres very late as my family was against it.''' ,'''Being an entertainer, I want to play the role both of a villain and a hero.''' ,'''It's a great responsibility playing a real-life character because the person has reached a certain position after undergoing a lot of things.''' ,'''Akshay sir is very good at comedy. He has so much energy in him. He not only expresses with his dialogues but also his body. He is like Mr Bean.''' ,'''The universe itself was created by the sound waves which that almighty created. So music and spirituality go together. Everything is interconnected.''' ,'''For me, Michael Jackson was a star. Amitabh Bachchan and Salman Khan are stars. They are the ones who own and carry stardom.''' ,'''I don't do anything keeping Bollywood in mind.''' ,'''If I can't put my heart and soul into a film, I don't take it up.''' ,'''I am not competing with anyone, I just want to focus on good music, content-driven films and do well in life.''' ,'''All work is important, no matter who gives it to you.''' ,'''It's a misconception that singers in Punjab use music as a backup in case their acting fails. For me, singing is the front, it's not the backup, it was acting that happened by chance.''' ,'''I don't compose rap songs or party numbers. I only compose folk.''' ,'''I don't usually watch my films in theatres when they release.''' ,'''I would love to do a movie based on our desi sports kabbadi or hockey. I guess I can play these games and do the justice to them.''' ,'''When stardom gets on your head, you don't even realise.''' ,'''I don't talk about films even after I sign them because between the signing and the shooting, anything can happen. I am not superstitious, it's just that I don't like talking about a film that is not completed.''' ,'''I've never wished for people to recognise me or anything.''' ,'''A great composition or lyrics no longer decide whether something is good. What matters is, how much has it been seen.''' ,'''For the production of 'Jodi' I have joined hands with Amrinder Gill, but he would not be seen on the screen for this film.''' ,'''There have been many ups and downs but when you get that one push, it is amazing. When you go ahead in spite of some people trying to pull you back, that feeling has its own pleasure.''' ,'''Good content, in any form, works, and what is not good, won't work. It's simple.''' ,'''I am constantly scared that I should not do or say anything that will hurt my fans.''' ,'''I want to do movies with great stories. The content should be strong.''' ,'''My mother never told me anything, she is just concerned about my happiness. She only watches my shows, not my films. In fact, we never discuss films.''' ,'''I feel hockey is a tough game.''' ,'''Whatever God has given me, I feel blessed but I don't take it for granted.''' ,'''I had never imagined that one day, my statue would be installed at Madame Tussauds.''' ,'''There are so many beautiful locations in Rajasthan, so many beautiful locations in our India that have not been explored. Foreigners come and explore such places, but we fail to see those locations with that perspective.''' ,'''We are not only having a great audience for Punjabi films in north India but we are also seeing growth in other places like Mumbai, Pune, Bengaluru, Kolkata, Indore, etc. And the overseas audiences have always been good for us. Without them we couldn't have taken Punjabi cinema to such heights.''' ,'''When you talk of being humble, Gurdas Maan is the most humble person. He has a very pure nature.''' ,'''I never approach comedy thinking 'I know it all.' Comedy is tough. To make people laugh is not easy.''' ,'''Definitely being spiritual helps me create good music because music is ultimately the sound of the god.''' ,'''There is no harm in making people laugh by making fun of yourself. What's wrong is when people derive pleasure from making fun of others.''' ,'''Ranbir has the ability to be a natural in front of the camera. There is nothing artificial about him. When I watch him on screen, I always feel that he is not acting. And I see this quality only in him among my contemporaries. I am a big Ranbir Kapoor fan.''' ,'''My choice of script is governed by two factors - either I've to like the people associated with the project or the storyline should be interesting. I focus more on the vibe and the type of energy I get from them.''' ,'''I am very shy on set. I don't talk much.''' ,'''Youngsters in Punjab don't follow Bollywood. They know about Drake, Rihanna and the relationship between Beyonce and Jay Z.''' ,'''I am very happy that in the second year of my acting career in Bollywood I got to do a biopic.''' ,'''I think when we truly love something, we get the same true love in return.''' ,'''Music is my life. If music takes a backseat, everything will go away from my life.''' ,'''Since I am a turbaned Sardar, I can only play Sardar roles. Either that or producers should be willing to alter the script to accommodate my physical appearance. But I won't call this a restriction.''' ,'''The first film I watched was 'Soldier,' and then 'Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam' and 'Bade Miyan Chote Miyan.'''' ,'''I feel happy when people hire me only as an actor.''' ,'''I haven't earned much money through films.''' ,'''I work from my heart. When I look at the script, I need to feel myself in the character.''' ,'''I can't take a break from acting but I've learnt to work my way around films and devote time to my music career.''' ,'''I look at the story and see what I have got to do in the film. Sometimes the story is great, set-up is good but there isn't much for you to do. I don't want to do that.''' ,'''I don't feel like a celebrity. I did not sign 'Udta Punjab' to increase my fan following.''' ,'''When I started playing hockey, I realised the entire game relies on your back- you have to bend to play it.''' ,'''If you remind yourself everyday, where you are from, who you really are, what will happen in the future, and where you exactly stand, then you'll be sane.''' ,'''There are times when a film turns out differently from how it was narrated. But I don't look at it as a bad thing.''' ,'''When I visited YouTube headquarters, they told me that Delhi searches me the most on YouTube.''' ,'''If anyone thinks they have set a formula for success, that's not true. Because if that were to happen then people would only be copying that formula and every following film would be a copy alone.''' ,'''In Punjab, we have a friendly environment and whoever gets a story idea, we discuss it openly and work jointly towards it.''' ,'''Youngsters in Punjab have a borrowed mindset, music and fashion sense from Canada and Hollywood because a large number of our relatives are settled abroad.''' ,'''A biopic teaches you a lot.''' ,'''I am not running after money in Bollywood, I am experimenting with films and roles here.''' ,]
+++