+++
author = "James Dean"
title = "James Dean Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 James Dean Quotes"
keywords = "james dean,james dean quotes,james dean quote,james dean sayings,james dean saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You can do 'Hamlet' while performing cartwheels... as long as the audience sees your eyes - you can make the performance real.''' ,'''Only the gentle are ever really strong.''' ,'''The gratification comes in the doing, not in the results.''' ,'''Racing is the only time I feel whole.''' ,'''I want to be a Texan 24 hours a day.''' ,'''I don't want anything seventy-thirty. Fifty-fifty's always good enough for me. I don't want to have to give anybody seventy; I don't want anybody to give me seventy. I want fifty.''' ,'''There is no way to be truly great in this world. We are all impaled on the crook of conditioning.''' ,'''Death can't be considered because, if you're afraid to die, there's no room in your life to make discoveries.''' ,'''Being an actor is the loneliest thing in the world. You are all alone with your concentration and imagination, and that's all you have.''' ,'''I'm a serious-minded and intense little devil, terribly gauche and so tense I don't see how people stay in the same room with me. I know I wouldn't tolerate myself.''' ,'''When an actor plays a scene exactly the way a director orders, it isn't acting. It's following instructions. Anyone with the physical qualifications can do that.''' ,'''I also became close to nature, and am now able to appreciate the beauty with which this world is endowed.''' ,'''To me, acting is the most logical way for people's neuroses to manifest themselves, in this great need we all have to express ourselves.''' ,'''I think the one thing this picture shows that's new is the psychological disproportion of the kids' demands on the parents. Parents are often at fault, but the kids have some work to do, too.''' ,'''Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today.''' ,'''To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty; to interpret it his problem; and to express it his dedication.''' ,'''I used to fly around quite a bit, you know? I took a lot of unnecessary chances on the highways. And I started racing, and now I drive on the highways, I'm extra cautious because no one knows what they're doing half the time. You don't know what this guy is going to do or that one.''' ,'''You try to be yourself, do only what you've always done and like to do, and right away, you're tagged as an oddball.''' ,'''But you can't show some far off idyllic conception of behavior if you want the kids to come and see the picture. You've got to show what it's really like, and try to reach them on their own grounds.''' ,'''An actor must interpret life, and in order to do so must be willing to accept all the experiences life has to offer. In fact, he must seek out more of life than life puts at his feet.''' ,'''Being a good actor isn't easy. Being a man is even harder. I want to be both before I'm done.''' ,'''An actor should be judged by his performance only.''' ,'''My purpose in life does not include a hankering to charm society.''' ,'''The only way to make a scene realistic is to do it the way you know it would really happen.''' ,'''Trust and belief are two prime considerations. You must not allow yourself to be opinionated.''' ,'''If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.''' ,'''Studying cows, pigs and chickens can help an actor develop his character. There are a lot of things I learned from animals. One was that they couldn't hiss or boo me.''' ,'''To my way of thinking, an actor's course is set even before he's out of the cradle.''' ,'''The cinema is a very truthful medium because the camera doesn't let you get away with anything. On stage, you can even loaf a little, if you're so inclined.''' ,'''The only greatness for man is immortality.''' ,]
+++