+++
author = "Ray Lamontagne"
title = "Ray Lamontagne Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Ray Lamontagne Quotes"
keywords = "ray lamontagne,ray lamontagne quotes,ray lamontagne quote,ray lamontagne sayings,ray lamontagne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I pick up the guitar, it's a melody, and that's what drives the lyrics. It's bits and pieces of truth, but it is storytelling.''' ,'''I want to be in control of my own destiny.''' ,'''I'm very uncomfortable in my own skin.''' ,'''We all have that inner voice that is wise, even if we don't always follow it. It's that voice I'm trying to listen to.''' ,'''The thing I love about music is that you can take things that are painful, deep things that hurt you, and you can turn them into something beautiful.''' ,'''I'm a very emotional person.''' ,'''I don't really think of myself as a folk singer.''' ,'''In order to get a note out, I have to dig deep, and I mean that on an emotional level. To physically sing, I have to get somewhere deep before I can do it.''' ,'''It's so easy to get caught up in your own experiences. They can seem so important. But there are billions and billions of other experiences going on.''' ,'''I want to write music that will outlive me.''' ,'''I'm a private person.''' ,'''I feel calm when I'm on my own.''' ,'''My voice sucks. I don't like the tone.''' ,'''It bugs me that people think my songs are personal because it means I have to explain myself all the time.''' ,'''When I think of folk music, I think of topical songs. And I don't write topical songs.''' ,'''I always felt, as a listener at a show, that when there was too much banter between the artist and the audience that it detracted from the show. I more enjoyed shows where the guys came out and they just played.''' ,'''I have a strong sense of self, but that's not a negative thing.''' ,'''My backstory is so tedious.''' ,'''Every song asks to be sung in a different way.''' ,'''I was really lost for a while in my teens. I was angry. But when I found music - Bob Dylan, Neil Young, Joni Mitchell - it was a new discovery. It was a door to this other world where I wanted to be.''' ,'''Social situations, for me - it's very natural for me to be an observer. That's where I'm most comfortable. I observe things.''' ,'''I can't get excited by my own music. It's impossible.''' ,'''You have to believe in yourself before anybody else believes in you.''' ,'''You can make bad choices and find yourself in a downward spiral or you can find something that gets you out of it.''' ,'''I probably wouldn't be a songwriter if I didn't grow up the way I did. It was difficult and it was at times very scary to grow up in a household so unsettled and at times very violent. But, it also, I guess it earned me a sort of wisdom at a young age that's served me well.''' ,'''I am very self-critical, but that's a good thing because it keeps me growing as a human being and as a musician.''' ,'''I'd much rather be playing songs than talking to people.''' ,'''I don't like myself, and I don't like to be looked at.''' ,'''Well... you know, I love motorcycles. They're just beautiful, and there's a certain craftsmanship in older bikes, older Triumphs or BSAs or Norton. I'm just very attracted to it.''' ,'''The label doesn't do anything but put your record in the store, that's all they do. And tell you, you don't have a single... and tell you, it's not gonna sell... that's what the label does.''' ,'''Writing songs is not something I wanted to share with people for a long time. It was precious to me. I didn't want someone to crush it. I waited until I felt strong enough to take the criticism.''' ,'''I need space between me and the audience - and the more space the better.''' ,'''There's a real sense of desperation when you grow up in poverty.''' ,]
+++