+++
author = "Jonathan King"
title = "Jonathan King Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Jonathan King Quotes"
keywords = "jonathan king,jonathan king quotes,jonathan king quote,jonathan king sayings,jonathan king saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We worked as a team... I was one of the band.''' ,'''Peter remained very quiet and shy, but when he spoke it made sense.''' ,'''It's not fair that the accused is not protected from adverse publicity whilst the accuser is guaranteed anonymity, whatever the verdict.''' ,'''I've always liked people who know me to like me, because I think I'm quite likeable. But people who make up their minds based on the image in the papers or a voice on a pop record? They're idiots.''' ,'''Prison opened my eyes to so many things. It was a great time. I met interesting people. I got to understand the behaviour of the police and the media. I am an observer of the human race.''' ,'''Who authorised the spend of millions of pounds and thousands of man hours into a stale, historical situation from three decades ago - with virtually no complaints made?''' ,'''I lead my life as normal.''' ,'''I have lots of friends. I mix with all sorts of people, of all generations.''' ,'''I was sad Jon Ronson, who wrote in the Guardian and has made a TV show for Channel 4, took against me.''' ,'''If you find someone attractive, you try to make them find you attractive. That is called seduction. And seduction is a bit ugly. You could say it's a bit ugly to use your charisma.''' ,'''My YouTube videos have literally millions of views... Yet I'm still airbrushed out of the BBC Stalinist revision of history; the chart shows have been instructed not to play my music!''' ,'''No, my profile has leaped over recent years, so has my life experience, and I look forward to the next 30 years being even more rewarding and satisfying than the previous 60!''' ,'''I believe in pursuing my own morality. That is all I have ever stuck by. It is my own morality that really matters.''' ,'''My greatest reward is knowing for certain, as I do with many other acts and artistes, that without Jonathan King being alive and involved, Genesis would not exist, and the guys would have had careers as intended - as accountants and lawyers!''' ,'''You can't fall in love after 40; you know so much about life that you can't get fooled anymore.''' ,]
+++