+++
author = "Tom Barrett"
title = "Tom Barrett Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Tom Barrett Quotes"
keywords = "tom barrett,tom barrett quotes,tom barrett quote,tom barrett sayings,tom barrett saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If the rain spoils our picnic, but saves a farmer's crop, who are we to say it shouldn't rain?''' ,'''It may take practice to think more positively and more compassionately, but just as you must train a puppy to behave the way you want it to, you must train your mind to behave itself. Otherwise, like the puppy, your mind will just make a lot of messes.''' ,'''I'm very confident that not only will the other candidates who ran for this office support me but all of their supporters will as well. So yes, I'm very confident that I will get their support.''' ,'''Education, in K-12, technical college and universities needs to be a top priority in Wisconsin.''' ,'''Certainly we're going to continue to see those commercials that I call 30-second drive-by shootings. And they're going to have a lot of money to do it. But we're going to combat it.''' ,'''As mayor of Milwaukee, I've had many developers come and many businesses come and have asked for financial assistance from the city, and my questions have always been: how many jobs are we talking about and are these family-supporting jobs.''' ,'''I'm not going to be the rock star of the far right and frankly on the rock star of the far left.''' ,'''With the increased cost of gasoline, it doesn't appear that we're going to see a slowing of interest in mass transit. I think it's going to continue to grow.''' ,'''Chaos in the world brings uneasiness, but it also allows the opportunity for creativity and growth.''' ,'''I'm pleased to have the support of working men and women throughout the state of Wisconsin. And I found in the primary I did. Now the key is to get that turnout activated. And we know we can do that. Again, the temperature here is very, very high on both sides of the aisle.''' ,'''I think one of the strengths of Wisconsin's economy is it's diversity - and in making sure that we're doing everything we can to have a state government that's responsive to that and being here and encouraging people to expand their businesses here.''' ,'''The thought you have now shapes your experience of the next moment. Practice shaping the moment.''' ,]
+++