+++
author = "Vincent Schiavelli"
title = "Vincent Schiavelli Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Vincent Schiavelli Quotes"
keywords = "vincent schiavelli,vincent schiavelli quotes,vincent schiavelli quote,vincent schiavelli sayings,vincent schiavelli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had a wonderful time playing Dr. Kaufman in Tomorrow Never Dies. It was a real Bond villain, over the top, almost laughable but dangerous.''' ,'''Your face is your calling card, but you're not so famous that you can't go out.''' ,'''I shot this wonderful picture called American Saint a couple of years ago, which is still looking for release.''' ,'''I directed a piece of theater in Italy. We took nine fables from the town and we created a play.''' ,'''You grow up in a Sicilian household, becoming an actor is not a big leap.''' ,'''What makes cookbooks interesting is to find out about the people and the culture that invented the food.''' ,'''I have a second bedroom I don't use. I'm going to start the Second Bedroom Film Festival. You're all invited.''' ,'''I get to meet a lot of people, and I really like people.''' ,'''To be a Bond villain, you only get to do that once in your life. You never get to come back.''' ,'''My grandfather was a chef for a Baron in Sicily before he came to America. I grew up with him. I used to do my homework at one end of the kitchen table while he cooked at the other end.''' ,'''My grandparents told endless stories about the town they were from. It became an almost mythic place.''' ,'''The eye condition that I have is Marfan's Syndrome.''' ,'''I met Milos in 1967. I was working on a student film. And there is Milos Forman. So that's how I met Milos.''' ,]
+++