+++
author = "Gong Li"
title = "Gong Li Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Gong Li Quotes"
keywords = "gong li,gong li quotes,gong li quote,gong li sayings,gong li saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been to Cannes 15 or 16 times, and every time I go, there's a kind of soul-stirring feeling.''' ,'''A lot of people ask me to produce or direct, but I don't think I'm qualified. It's hard enough for a person to do just one thing well in their life. I don't want to do too much.''' ,'''When I speak in English, my expressions become different. My attitude, too. I'm not sure why, but there really is a difference. My hands move differently when I speak English.''' ,'''My life has been that of someone who has moved from the countryside to the society. To make that transition, I have had to learn a lot.''' ,'''Securing food is the basic task for all humans.''' ,'''The important thing for me when I look at characters is to consider the kind of constraints placed upon them. Now, me personally, I don't like to have a lot of constraints placed upon me.''' ,'''I am Chinese - it doesn't matter what other people say.''' ,'''I guess my personality is that of a modern, strong Chinese woman. I don't believe in destiny. There are many things that can be changed. I don't like to be defeated by difficulties. I love freedom, so when I am shaping a character, I usually do it the way I want. I always find some part of my own character in a role.''' ,'''For me, the beauty of a person is a matter of the whole package. You have to look at the whole thing, not just a matter of outward appearance or whatever. It has to do with one's character, personality, upbringing and so on.''' ,'''Chinese people become jealous about status more easily. Foreigners are more inclined to look up to successful people. I don't understand why there is a difference. If two people start at the same point and then one person gets ahead, the other should work hard to catch up. But instead, they just curse. They are jealous.''' ,'''Fans in China are very different from those overseas. In China, many people really love me and care about my life. But there is always some jealousy mixed up in this feeling of love. I think that is the big difference. Overseas, there is none of that.''' ,'''The world looks at China as a big place with a lot of people, a good place to make money. And because so many Chinese families send their kids abroad to study, they are familiar with foreign cultures, so Hollywood films are very successful in China.''' ,'''People keep pushing me to be the center of attention... I would prefer to be on the sidelines, because that's where you see more.''' ,'''I have been waiting around to get the right script and the right director. For example, in the past, if a Hollywood director came to me with a script and wanted me to play a character, and she was a stereotypical Asian woman who gets into a fight and gets killed off quickly, that didn't seem to have much interest for me.''' ,]
+++