+++
author = "Hope Davis"
title = "Hope Davis Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Hope Davis Quotes"
keywords = "hope davis,hope davis quotes,hope davis quote,hope davis sayings,hope davis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The older you get, the more you realize that the way you look is a reflection of how you treat yourself.''' ,'''I feel like I'm one of the happiest people I know.''' ,'''I like to work. I enjoy once a year, doing a film.''' ,'''You know how a lot of people say they could go crazy? Well, I feel I live very close to that line.''' ,'''I would do 'American Splendor' and 'About Schmidt' again in a heartbeat.''' ,'''I'm not at a point in my life when I'm analyzing too much.''' ,'''There's nothing I love more than a good cry.''' ,'''I have a husband and children, and it affects me deeply that somebody could be taken away in a second.''' ,'''The network shows tend to be run, in general, in my experience, by committee, and it's hard for actors and writers to do their jobs.''' ,'''I've seen a lot of the United States, having stayed in so many different cities and towns for work.''' ,'''But I think Hillary Clinton is one of the most amazing women of this time.''' ,'''To play Hillary Clinton? I'm kind of winging it. No, are you kidding me? I prepared obsessively. I mean, as much as I could in the time that I was given. Of course, with someone like Hillary Clinton, obviously, anything you want is on YouTube and at your fingertips there.''' ,'''I've been lucky. I've made films that I really like. It's been a combination of what comes to me and what I choose. I've gone after lots of things that I didn't get, pet projects that everybody ends up chasing after. Really, you're lucky if you get anything.''' ,'''I'm way too disorganized.''' ,'''I travel all the time, and I have two small children.''' ,'''When my dad needed a shirt ironed, he would yell downstairs to my mother, who would drop everything and iron his shirt.''' ,'''I haven't frequented a nail salon in a long time.''' ,'''I was never the ingenue, so hopefully that'll make it easier to age and still work. I know a lot of actors who are really dissatisfied with where they're at even though some of them are huge stars and I feel like, 'Oh, my God, you're at the top.' Something interesting will come. It always does. I have faith.''' ,'''I do smaller films, I'm not getting big paydays. I feel like we're just kind of scraping together here.''' ,'''I get to play a lot of hysterics.''' ,'''I have not spent years in therapy; I tried therapy in my mid-twenties, and it did not go very well. I just thought, 'This is so not for me. I would rather talk to one of my girlfriends.'''' ,'''I love stories that give me a perspective on how easy American life has become in the 21st century.''' ,'''The work evolves when you get another part, and then you're getting called on to solve difficult characters, to inject a note of humanity into them. It's more interesting for me to do that than to stand around and be sunny.''' ,'''I'm not really high-strung now, but I was a very high-strung child.''' ,'''I'm usually called upon to play the dreary suicidal girl.''' ,'''I've seen a lot of the United States, having stayed in so many different cities and towns for work. It's such a strange and fascinating country, and instead of learning about it through a textbook, I would rather discover its history and traditions and institutions through fiction and nonfiction writers.''' ,'''Every summer my husband and I pack our suitcases, load our kids into the car, and drive from tense, crowded New York City to my family's cottage in Maine. It's on an island, with stretches of sea and sandy beaches, rocky coasts, and pine trees. We barbecue, swim, lie around, and try to do nothing.''' ,'''I just love to make a whole roomful of people laugh.''' ,'''It's too easy to sum up a person's character in one negative instant, and it doesn't put anything good out into the world.''' ,'''I'm a New Yorker, and I rarely get to work at home.''' ,'''I have not spent years in therapy; I tried therapy in my mid-twenties, and it did not go very well. I just thought, 'This is so not for me. I would rather talk to one of my girlfriends.' I'm not at a point in my life when I'm analyzing too much. I have young children, and I'm just pretty much crazed.''' ,'''Storytelling is what lights my fire.''' ,'''You know what I have noticed? And this is really sad. Flying first class is less scary than flying coach. They speak to you and they're so nice to you and they want to help you and they know you want a drink before the plane takes off. And they bring it to you without asking. If you're sitting in coach and hoping for a drink, good luck.''' ,]
+++