+++
author = "Eve Torres"
title = "Eve Torres Quotes"
quotes_len = "88"
description = "the best 88 Eve Torres Quotes"
keywords = "eve torres,eve torres quotes,eve torres quote,eve torres sayings,eve torres saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always fantasized about facing Lita.''' ,'''I'm on the road five days a week in a different city every day.''' ,'''The Great Khali is incredible. He is an international superstar and a movie star too.''' ,'''If you go about life the right way and you're good to other people that will show and will payoff in the long run.''' ,'''Performing for WWE did so much for me in terms of teaching me how to act and doing fighting scenes.''' ,'''My parents never really pushed me, but I was so hard on myself. I would say I had some perfectionist quality, to a fault.''' ,'''Jiu-jitsu is something I absolutely love.''' ,'''I can't tell you the number of times I have been underestimated, objectified or deprived of fair credit for my accomplishments based on my gender or ethnicity.''' ,'''I think the Diva Search was a great way to find women who might have been intimidated to get into the WWE world on their own.''' ,'''From a very young age I was someone who stood up for others and myself.''' ,'''It's easy to say standup for yourself. The problem is if you don't feel like you're physically capable of handling the repercussions of that, especially at a young age, it's hard to do that.''' ,'''My WWE Divas championship belt is pink and sparkly, but it doesn't mean I'm a princess. It means girls can kick butt!''' ,'''Timing is a big part of stunt work and fighting scenes. It's something you learn in WWE, especially when they are really character-driven fights.''' ,'''I think the first time that you win the title - you just don't know how to make the most out of your title reign until you've had one and then you've lost it. Once you lose something, you know how much more it means to you.''' ,'''One of my favorite courses to teach is when we go to the Air Force. We've done a few at Air Force bases. What's great about that is that it's a one-week course. It's five days and we work with them for about eight hours a day. We're not only teaching them self-defense, but we're also teaching them how to teach it on base to others.''' ,'''When they told all of us about the idea of NXT, for the Divas that was our first question - will there be women on the show?''' ,'''I'm just sending a message to women that you can be anything you want to be.''' ,'''I joined the 'Celebri-tee campaign' and customized what is negatively known as a 'wife beater' to raise awareness about domestic abuse and the ways in which abusive language can be hurtful.''' ,'''I have been in a 'man's' world as long as I can remember. I was an engineering major in college, I am a sports entertainer in the WWE, and I teach self-defense.''' ,'''I wanted this title to matter, I wanted women's wrestling to matter.''' ,'''Where the women's division is now, if you had told me when I was there that women were gonna headline 'WrestleMania,' I would have said, 'Get out of here. That's never gonna happen.'''' ,'''I was a wrestler and now I teach jiu-jitsu, but they're obviously different in many ways. However, they do kind of translate.''' ,'''If you see a woman who is struggling with bags or looks struggling in general, help her. Don't leave her vulnerable to someone else.''' ,'''I definitely miss parts of wrestling like having matches, especially when I watch the product.''' ,'''I honestly felt like there was a ceiling for me that I was not able to break.''' ,'''I think any time you get the chance to represent the title and to earn the title, you learn how to represent it in the best way. You learn how to wear it with honor, fight for it with honor and really become the face of WWE for the Divas.''' ,'''I know I'm kind of a wuss when it comes to spicy foods.''' ,'''Kids have to understand that they have control. Not their parents, not the principal, not the president of the U.S. It starts with them and it ends with them. To end this epidemic of bullying they have to standup for one another.''' ,'''I always wanted to be liked, and I thought that if you were nice to everyone then everyone would like you. That's not always the case.''' ,'''I always try to put my best foot forward both inside and outside the ring.''' ,'''If a predator tries to get a hold of you, yell, kick, and punch. Do all of the typical self-defense measures you've heard of - eye-gouging, knee to the crotch. Anything you can do to cause a scene.''' ,'''I really miss so many of the people at WWE.''' ,'''I always keep a good manicure because these are acrylics. They're the safest because your real nails are actually sharper than acrylics.''' ,'''I never planned on going into MMA or anything like that.''' ,'''I'm proud of the Diva division.''' ,'''I think being a WWE Diva is a tough job; there's lots we do that's not seen on television, constantly working and trying to better ourselves.''' ,'''All the Divas work hard, they're all threats. They're just not as good as I am.''' ,'''When I was young, I loved gymnastics, but I discovered when I was 15 that I wanted a teenage life.''' ,'''That's one reason I really love 'Supergirl.' It's a great show for people to watch with their children - sons and daughters alike. It features strong female characters which is always something to appreciate.''' ,'''I would say that the one thing I miss obviously is the in-ring action. The closest I get to that is being able to teach big groups of women and leading them down the path towards empowerment towards jiu-jitsu.''' ,'''We're a great part of the show... we're a novelty on the show. I think having one Divas match a night really makes it special, and I'm proud to be a part of it and hope to take it to the next level.''' ,'''Sometimes you experience magic out in the ring.''' ,'''I would say my most disappointing moment was not competing in a match even though I was Divas Champion at 'WrestleMania XXVII.' Although, I did get to be a part of a fun backstage segment with Stone Cold, the Rock, and Mae Young... not too shabby!''' ,'''Vince has always been so hands-on, and that's why WWE does so well.''' ,'''I look up to Divas like Trish Stratus and Lita. They are very beautiful women and they are bad. They are strong and great competitors who can handle themselves.''' ,'''I have always had a passion for competition and performance.''' ,''''Stars Earn Stripes' was one of the best experiences of my life.''' ,'''My goal was to always get my degree. Once I did that, I thought I could pursue any other passion because I had something to fall back on if I needed it.''' ,'''When it comes to the live events, you get to see great Diva matches you don't see on 'Monday Night Raw.'''' ,'''The one thing that I always encourage women who want to be WWE Divas to do is have something you are passionate about. For me it was Jiu-Jitsu and martial arts. For some people it's soccer. Whatever it is, it gives you confidence and that will translate.''' ,'''I look forward to having a president who doesn't grope or objectify women.''' ,'''It's one thing when my family is just happy, but it's another thing when they're really proud of me.''' ,'''Obviously, I love Becky Lynch. She's 'The Man,' right?''' ,'''WWE wants women who are confident and can handle everything that being a WWE Diva comes with like lots of travel and being tough.''' ,'''When I started working with Maryse is when I really felt like people can start to see what I stand for and who I am.''' ,'''There is a big difference between performing in WWE before thousands of people in an arena and acting in a scene with a camera close-up on your face.''' ,'''It's a great feeling to know that, through my hard work, I am adding to a long list of accomplishments for Latinas in the United States.''' ,'''Not everyone likes seeing a strong, buff guy, but everyone likes women. We compete just as hard as men do, and we can do the acting just as well.''' ,'''I always try different things to stay in shape whether it is dancing or Jiu-Jitsu or training weights in the gym. I try to do a little bit of everything.''' ,'''When I was in 4th grade, my mom was diagnosed with oral cancer. It was not looking good, it was serious when they found it. Obviously, I didn't know much about what was going on. I remember feeling a lot of guilt about it, feeling like I somehow contributed to it. I think that's just something that kids often do.''' ,'''The moonsault - I climb to the top rope and back flip onto my opponent. It's very effective but can be risky if my opponent moves out of the way.''' ,'''Sometimes the best stories come from mistakes.''' ,'''Being offered the role in the Jackie Chan film was amazing. I got to do a fight scene with Jackie Chan.''' ,'''I think I just need to be myself. I think that's what this 'Diva Search' competition is all about.''' ,'''I embrace my Latina background because I know that by doing so we will continue to break down stereotypes that may exist of Latina women.''' ,'''When I went to college, I got an engineering degree and a full scholarship.''' ,'''All of the Divas are given opportunities. It's kind of the way you go after them and what you do with them. I feel like I was able to seize the opportunity I was given, and now I am Divas champion.''' ,'''In fact, one of my good friends is an amazing Bollywood choreographer. She once asked me to perform in one of her shows in college. So, I have danced to the Bollywood music and it was great fun. It is tiring and requires a certain level of fitness.''' ,'''I love women's wrestling.''' ,'''One thing I wanted when I left was to make this Divas Championship mean something a little bit more than what it did.''' ,'''As someone whose profession relies heavily on physical activity, I definitely felt extra pressure to get back to my pre-baby shape.''' ,'''It's not my fault that men fall in love with me!''' ,'''It's really important to take your own personal safety into your own hands.''' ,'''I was a huge Jackie Chan fan growing up.''' ,'''You can be feminine and wear heels, dresses, and makeup, and still be a powerful woman - physically, mentally, emotionally.''' ,'''Anyone who reads the comics knows Maxima comes to Earth in search of a mate among the superhero population - specifically Superman. She's denied by him and she becomes very angry and bitter. We'll see how that history plays out in the show - every adaptation is a little bit different, but 'Supergirl' does a great job with the source material.''' ,'''When I get home at night, then it's time for the real cleansing deal. I go to town either with the Clarisonic or ProActiv.''' ,'''I would consider myself a casual fan growing up because obviously wrestling was such a huge part of pop culture, and still is. I was a fan as much as it was a part of pop culture.''' ,'''As far as lighting and blocking, camera angles and facial expressions, all that stuff that has to be very specific in film, as opposed to in wrestling where everything is larger than life and you're performing to the masses.''' ,'''I'm a really evil person on TV! It's way more fun to be the bad guy.''' ,'''Turning heel was so much fun for me. I was so over being a babyface.''' ,'''The Divas division is always an uphill battle. We have a group of really hungry and talented women. It's just a matter of being able to showcase all of us in the right light and with the right stories.''' ,'''WWE is a huge supporter of our troops. Part of my love and admiration for our men and women in the military has come from the tours we have done.''' ,'''I'm excited about developing as a Diva and finding where my place is in this company.''' ,'''The whole time I was in WWE, I was like, 'We need a reality show,' because the stuff that goes down is just crazy.''' ,'''My background in gymnastics, martial arts, and dancing has translated very well in the ring.''' ,'''I wish new moms wouldn't be burdened with the pressure to get back into pre-baby shape so quickly.''' ,'''I've been really impressed with 'Supergirl.' It's a great show because it's appeals to DC Comics fans, staying true to the characters in spirit and costumes, and it also appeals to casual fans who enjoy good action, fun storylines and interesting characters.''' ,]
+++