+++
author = "Spencer Grammer"
title = "Spencer Grammer Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Spencer Grammer Quotes"
keywords = "spencer grammer,spencer grammer quotes,spencer grammer quote,spencer grammer sayings,spencer grammer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love pushing my boundaries and seeing how far I can go without, you know, dying or injuring myself too badly.''' ,'''If you're not adventurous,, you're not really living, I think... especially in college.''' ,'''I think Mariska Hargitay on 'Law and Order: SVU' is a really good example of a female lead I'd like to emulate. She's really been able to captivate men and women in a way that's appealing, which is a tough line to follow.''' ,'''I once went to a fraternity house when I was in high school... you know, you would rent them during the summer for really cheap, and students are in there. So I met some people who rented a room. I just remember it being very dirty.''' ,'''My dad has an incredible passion for living life, and he's really, really funny, so he definitely encourages me to enjoy all aspects of life. He's very proud of me and definitely encourages my career path, and we have a good time talking about work.''' ,'''I loved 'The O.C.' and I totally watch 'Gossip Girl,' too!''' ,'''I think Mariska Hargitay on 'Law and Order: SVU' is a really good example of a female lead I'd like to emulate.''' ,'''Everyone has their thing, and I was the weird, artsy kid.''' ,'''I always thought that sororities were just made up of cheerleaders from high school. And I kind of picked on those cheerleaders!''' ,''''Greek' is basically a show about sororities and fraternities. It follows Casey Cartwright, played by me, her younger brother, and all the people that are involved in their lives from the different fraternities.''' ,'''I want to pay my mortgage and go on vacation, so I love working. I want to be able to do independent projects as well, and being on a successful TV show allows you to do some other things.''' ,'''Netflix has such a knack for giving a new life to those B-movies that you thought and hoped no one would ever see. Especially when you have a new project coming out and they're looking to mine some of your lesser-known films.''' ,'''I've been learning how to shoot a gun and properly handcuff people so that on the day I need to pull someone down to the ground, it looks and feels natural for me.''' ,'''People are always going to assume I got my roles because of my father. There's not much I can do about that. He and I talk about the business sometimes, but he's my dad.''' ,'''I love pushing my boundaries and seeing how far I can go without, you know, dying or injuring myself too badly. On set I was like, 'Give me some stunts! Give me whatever you want. Throw it at me. I want to do it all.'''' ,'''When I went to college, it didn't even occur to me that I should be in a sorority at all. I went to school in New York City, where you don't need to be in a sorority to go to a party!''' ,]
+++