+++
author = "Casey Abrams"
title = "Casey Abrams Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Casey Abrams Quotes"
keywords = "casey abrams,casey abrams quotes,casey abrams quote,casey abrams sayings,casey abrams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My favorite type of music to sing to would be rock and roll, Tenacious D, Led Zeppelin, some Queen - I love all of them. I love singing to them because they're all just great voices. I love listening to very obscure jazz.''' ,'''What I really like doing is taking risks, musically.''' ,'''If you're a good singer, you're going to make anything sound good.''' ,'''If my life was a song it would be 'Who Let The Dogs Out'.''' ,'''I like kissing people because it's funny.''' ,'''I love making music, I love composing on my computer, just making crazy ethnic slack orchestral tracks, that's one of my fun things.''' ,'''If I shave, I don't have a chin anymore.''' ,'''I had no idea I could make it this far. And the fact that they told me I made it this far and that America is going to vote for me, I freaked out.''' ,'''I feel like there's no subject that can't be sung about. I wrote a song dedicated to people with inflammatory bowel disease, and then I wrote about shoes. And mangoes. Every rock should be turned.''' ,'''In my spare time I like watching TV, laying on the couch, just chillin'.''' ,'''I'm a car singer, in fact sometimes I pretend to take my dog out for a walk, and I'll just drive him around and start singin'.''' ,'''I hope America sees I am a goofy guy andI'm kind a crazy, I hope they see that I am a musician aswell, that I have music all around my body - I'm just exfoliating music, and I just hope America sees that.''' ,'''I consider myself a bassist first.''' ,'''Whenever I'm feeling kind of down or something like that, or even good, the song 'Bohemian Rhapsody' by Queen is a go-to song of mine. It's like watching a movie, but with your ears.''' ,'''You know I want to sing for people, I want to jazz people up I want to make new music that they've never heard.''' ,'''I love listening to Radio Head's 'Everything in its Right Place' because it's all major chords, it makes you feel really good. It's soothing, it's got a beautiful voice, crazy textures. When I'm down I listen to that song and it really makes me feel good.''' ,'''There's got to be a backbone, there's got to be a skeleton to the whole way I perform, but you never want to hit the same note twice during a performance, I think. I think it's always got to be fresh so it doesn't bore me, and I always want to go out on edge.''' ,'''I have musical ADD, so I like to switch things up.''' ,]
+++