+++
author = "Keri Smith"
title = "Keri Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Keri Smith Quotes"
keywords = "keri smith,keri smith quotes,keri smith quote,keri smith sayings,keri smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love the idea of a website/blog being a catalyst for propelling people out into the world, and I enjoy it most when people write me to say that their world looked or smelled or felt a little different because of something that I wrote.''' ,'''We're drawn to making our mark, leaving a record to show we were here, and a journal is a great place to do it. Once you start drawing, writing, and gluing stuff in every day, it can quickly become a habit - addictive, even. Your attitude should be: 'I can do this, but I mustn't make it too intimidating.'''' ,'''A lot of people don't like to spend money on a journal because they're afraid to wreck it, which is understandable. I buy beautifully made leather-bound journals because I have lost my fear of the blank page.''' ,'''The virtual world can never be a substitute for real world experience. And the more it takes over our lives, the more we forget to feel the sun on our skin, the more we forget that there is an entire universe to be discovered even during a 10 minute walk to work.''' ,'''I do not see the process of blogging as a separate thing from creating art. This is in part why I do not like to be known for being a 'blogger,' as this is just one form of output for creative ideas.''' ,'''I'm just hoping my children will get enough of a foundation to remember what it was like before technology, how good that feels. Because I remember.''' ,'''Something different happens to my brain when I put pen to paper: the pace of writing or drawing slows you down and gives you more time for thoughts to come in.''' ,'''What I'm doing is trying to get kids to pay attention, to look at the physical world more, and to question everything. I am trying to get kids out of the house and away from screens.''' ,'''In order to be who you are as a human being, you need to be willing to upset people.''' ,'''One of the benefits of having an audience is that it requires a regimen, a need to create on a regular basis. I don't believe in waiting for the muse to visit.''' ,'''I find the experience of keeping a journal much more creative on paper than on a computer. When I write, I'm physically immersed in the world and slow down, whereas on screen, I use my senses in a less engaged way - and I skim more.''' ,]
+++