+++
author = "Moon Bloodgood"
title = "Moon Bloodgood Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Moon Bloodgood Quotes"
keywords = "moon bloodgood,moon bloodgood quotes,moon bloodgood quote,moon bloodgood sayings,moon bloodgood saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To me a great sci-fi movie has elements of horror and suspense.''' ,'''I try to be a good, diligent actor.''' ,'''I would much rather watch a horror film or science fiction than a comedy. I don't know why. I just like them. I find them relaxing.''' ,'''I like change, like anybody. You don't want to keep doing the same thing because then it gets harder to take chances, be creative, and feel inspired when you're doing the same thing.''' ,'''I love people who are real.''' ,'''I think maybe one day I'll go back to music. I don't know. I don't know if sometimes you lose a passion or you don't lose it, it becomes more personal and less about sharing it with everyone.''' ,'''When I was 17, I was a Lakers Girl; I was the youngest girl on the squad.''' ,'''I have a very European feel about nudity.''' ,'''With global warming, I'm never going to time-travel. It's probably going to cause some major emission problems.''' ,'''I don't know why I've always been uncomfortable being too feminine. If a dress has too many flowers on it, if I'm giggling too much, I'm like ugh, put some combat boots on. I love masculine women. I think it's because I'm like a fake lesbian, I don't know.''' ,'''I never wanted to be an actor.''' ,'''I enjoy eating and have no issues with eating. I am not going to be one of those girls who have to watch her weight.''' ,'''I love science fiction.''' ,'''Girls know when they're attractive.''' ,'''My theory is because I'm Asian and white I sort of look like the future. I'm the melting pot.''' ,'''I've always been into sports and being physical.''' ,]
+++