+++
author = "Maria Bello"
title = "Maria Bello Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Maria Bello Quotes"
keywords = "maria bello,maria bello quotes,maria bello quote,maria bello sayings,maria bello saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to do more action adventures and more romantic comedies.''' ,'''I was always anti-marriage. I didn't understand monogamy. I couldn't figure out how that could last. And then I met Bryn and I started to understand the beauty of constancy and history and change and going on the roller coaster with someone - of having a partner in life.''' ,'''I always wanted the fairy tale, but now I want someone who is a great partner.''' ,'''When you fall head over heels for someone, you're not falling in love with who they are as a person; you're falling in love with your idea of love.''' ,'''I'm interested in people who have lived, who are searching and questioning.''' ,'''I remember listening to 'Maniac' and running around and thinking I'm going to be somebody someday.''' ,'''There is always one person on the set who has a lot of anxiety, an actor who is really intense and has to stay in character and holds himself away from the rest of us.''' ,'''I'm not afraid to play my age. I never was. I've never been an ingenue. I like getting older.''' ,'''My biggest dream since I was a kid was to be the woman sneaking on the pirate ship dressed like a man, who was this great sword fighter, and the captain fell in love with her.''' ,'''So many actors wear wigs nowadays. Besides, if someone is hiring me because of how I wear my hair, I don't want to work with them anyway.''' ,'''At first I didn't know if I wanted to do TV again. I can get bored quickly.''' ,'''I'm a girl who loves fashion. I'm such a Cinderella - I love to put on a great dress and heels. It's fun!''' ,'''When I do Pilates, or when I do work out, I feel better all day. Yet I still struggle to keep it on my schedule.''' ,'''I was really conflicted. I had always planned to help the world. Instead, I was going to become an actress? That seemed like such a selfish thing to do.''' ,]
+++