+++
author = "Neville"
title = "Neville Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Neville Quotes"
keywords = "neville,neville quotes,neville quote,neville sayings,neville saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Our schedule is intense. We do this for five nights a week, so injuries can happen very easily with the demands of the job. It's just the nature of what we do and sports in general.''' ,'''I wanted to do a corkscrew moonsault backwards, so I had the idea of doing it forwards like the shooting star corkscrew, and I was aware no one else did that in wrestling. If I could perfect this technique, it would be unique to me.''' ,'''I tried to play the etiquette game - the respect game - for too long, and it didn't work out for me.''' ,'''Daniel Bryan is a guy I'd like to mix it up with at some point - Tyson Kidd, Kevin Owens. You know, we have a lot of history in NXT, and he's another guy I've known for a long time, so there's so many different options.''' ,'''I think I am the underdog.''' ,'''It was set to be my first WrestleMania, which is obviously a lifetime goal. To have that taken away from me right on the approach - we were something like three weeks out - was devastating. It certainly changed me as a person, that process.''' ,'''I always said the whole time all I was waiting for was an opportunity and a chance to get my foot in the door.''' ,'''I've got nothing to prove. I've already proven to everybody that I'm untouchable.''' ,'''I'm generally a highly motivated person. I always try and be the very best I can be, so I'm just gonna try and take every day and be the best that I can be, and prove myself to the WWE Universe and the WWE in general, and see how far I can go.''' ,'''Pound for pound, I'm unmatched.''' ,'''Obviously, you know, when you talk about dream matches and you talk about the WWE, you can't not mention John Cena.''' ,'''There are so many role models who I watched and idolised growing up, mainly guys with a similar athletic style to myself. I loved Dynamite Kid, Eddie Guerrero, and Rey Mysterio, as well as Japanese juniors like Jushin Liger, Ultimo Dragon, and Tiger Mask.''' ,'''I do wrestle a really high-risk and high-flying style.''' ,'''I'm not one of these guys who is going to build myself up to you for an over and put myself over. I do my talking in the ring.''' ,'''Wrestling in Japan is very much sports based.''' ,'''A different demographic of people watch NXT compared to Raw and Smackdown; NXT is followed by the real knowledgeable, hardcore internet audience, whereas the main shows have a more family feel.''' ,'''For the longest time, I still tried to hold up this act - this nice-guy, superhero, role-model persona - that wasn't really me and wasn't serving me.''' ,''''King of the Cruiserweights' is not just something I say. Let me be straight. I am the king. You can see that. It's undeniable.''' ,'''I've broken my ankle in two spots. Fortunately, it was a relatively clean break, so it's remained in position. The bone has remained in position. I don't require surgery. I will have to rest it, though. It's a broken ankle.''' ,'''The Cruiserweight Classic was a fantastic platform for people of my size, people who are similar stylistically to the way that I am, to show the world what we're capable of.''' ,'''The Red Arrows are the acrobatic division of the Royal Air Force in England.''' ,'''I've been very fortunate with injuries: I've had the odd broken bone in my back; when I was starting out here in England, I cracked a few ribs, and I've broken a bone in my hand.''' ,'''I've had a few matches with Kevin Owens. I can recollect him taking advantage of me somehow underhandedly and me being walked and trampled all over and allowing it to happen.''' ,'''I've always been fanatical about wrestling from a young age, growing up in Newcastle, and I have been fortunate to start training, get opportunities, and meet the right people at the right time.''' ,'''I loved 'Survivor Series' as a kid. It's one of our biggest pay-per-views, and I would love to be part of that, just for the bucket list!''' ,'''I'm not concerned with appeasing people with a dream match. What I care about is Neville and my championship. That's all I care about.''' ,'''All the territories or places I've wrestled are different. There are different styles. The WWE and TV style is also very different.''' ,'''I had a lot of professional wrestling experience from around the world when I joined the company, but what NXT did was prepare me for WWE television, an environment that was alien to me at that point.''' ,'''I remember, as a kid, we would go and watch the Red Arrows, and I thought it was similar to British wrestlers and the acrobatic division.''' ,'''That's the most important thing is how we reach the WWE Universe and how we inspire people in their life. If I can do that and be given the chance to do it, it's really the best thing we do.''' ,'''Growing up, my wildest dream was always to be part of the WWE, and I'd been in NXT by that time for two and a half years, so I felt very, very ready to go.''' ,'''I still feel like I am in my introductory period in terms of making my name in WWE so want to keep my head down and work hard. I would also love to have a match with Daniel Bryan.''' ,'''For too long, I have been overlooked. For too long, I have been disrespected. For too long, I had been too good.''' ,'''My career path is the best I could have hoped for, and that's thanks to independent wrestling and territories across the world.''' ,'''I knew the fans that attend the Raw after WrestleMania are a very special audience.''' ,'''I have been a wrestler now for 12 years, and now I am reaching this peak at the top of the mountain - WrestleMania.''' ,'''You have to consider, I'm a full-time professional wrestler, and Stephen Amell is a celebrity, and yet we still managed to beat two full-time professional wrestlers.''' ,]
+++