+++
author = "Bill Parcells"
title = "Bill Parcells Quotes"
quotes_len = "61"
description = "the best 61 Bill Parcells Quotes"
keywords = "bill parcells,bill parcells quotes,bill parcells quote,bill parcells sayings,bill parcells saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a house in Saratoga Springs.''' ,'''When you don't know that you don't know, it's a lot different than when you do know that you don't know.''' ,'''I grew up under demanding people, that demanded things from you, expected you to toe the mark.''' ,'''There is winning and there is misery.''' ,'''I can't live my life worrying about something that might never happen.''' ,'''When I was coaching with the Patriots, the players pulled a practical joke and I said, 'Do you think I'm Charlie the Tuna, like a sucker?' After that, they called me Tuna.''' ,'''Something goes wrong, I yell at them -'Fix it'- whether it's their fault or not. You can only really yell at the players you trust.''' ,'''You get too old to lose. When you were a young guy, you bounced back from losses.''' ,'''There's a line, players usually don't cross it and coaches usually don't cross it. Every once in a while you get a little temper tantrum on both sides, I certainly have had 'em. I'm not proud of those.''' ,'''I got more money than I can spend now.''' ,'''I think there are a lot of good people, a lot of good football guys in the NFL.''' ,'''The fans, with all due respect, they don't affect the decisions I would make as a coach.''' ,'''If I have affected someone in a positive way, that means a lot to me.''' ,'''Nowadays, if you are afraid of confrontation, you are not going to do very well.''' ,'''Usually older players, late in the season, start to get cold.''' ,'''So if the players trust the coach, it's not a problem. If the players don't trust the coach, it is a problem, and vice versa.''' ,'''Why would you live your life worrying about something that's not going to happen?''' ,'''The media dwells mostly on negativity.''' ,'''If the players don't trust the coach, it is a problem, and vice versa.''' ,'''There are two things in New York, euphoria and disaster.''' ,'''I love football; I enjoy it. That's why I've been in this game as many years as I have. I still like it. I get excited about it.''' ,'''If you're sensitive, you will have a hard time with me.''' ,'''If you have fun, fine. It's not all life and death.''' ,'''Don't worry about it. It's just a bunch of guys with an odd-shaped ball.''' ,'''If there's one thing I can't stand, it's a quarterback who thinks playing quarterback is just about passing.''' ,'''I just coach the way I was coached when I was young, in my formative years. I grew up under demanding people, that demanded things from you, expected you to toe the mark.''' ,'''You are what you are.''' ,'''I'm a little superstitious.''' ,'''I don't have to make examples out of players to establish my own place. I don't feel like I have to.''' ,'''I am demanding.''' ,'''I'll call somebody 'dumb' or 'stupid' if they make a dumb or stupid play. I don't know any other word for it, and if they don't like the word, that's too bad.''' ,'''If you've ever won a championship, then that's all you're interested in doing.''' ,'''I spent a lot of time with my teams, especially in the East Coast teams, talking about dealing with the elements a lot of time, and a lot of instruction about field position and those kind of things. I like that variable.''' ,'''I'm not really in the excuse business.''' ,'''You as an individual coach have a responsibility to try to give those players who put themselves at risk and in harm's way a chance to achieve success, and that goes for universities and professional teams, as well.''' ,'''I just try to do the best job I possibly can - put the blinders on, go to work and be the best you can possibly be. Once you have done everything that you possibly can - you've put forth your greatest effort - then I can live with whatever's next.''' ,'''Even when you're successful, even when you win the game, about an hour after the game, you have a litany of things that you now deal with that are problematic... So the times that you are happy are minute compared to the time that you're dealing with problems.''' ,'''No matter how much you've won, no matter how many games, no matter how many championships, no matter how many Super Bowls, you're not winning now, so you stink.''' ,'''I'm not trying to keep anybody happy.''' ,'''The NFL has been good to me.''' ,'''If you got anything to you at all as an athlete and a competitor, you don't care what the circumstances are. You still got competition.''' ,'''I've been around enough to know what it takes to get a team to reach its potential, and I want players who want to reach their potential.''' ,'''You don't get any medal for trying something, you get medals for results.''' ,'''I like linebackers. I collect 'em. You can't have too many good ones.''' ,'''God's been good to me, He really has. I don't know why he picked me out... Just think about it: I virtually coached in my hometown. From the middle of the Meadowlands field, it can't be but a couple of miles. I was lucky to do that.''' ,'''My entire life has been spent thinking about this game. That's pretty narrow... I don't view myself as a person who's well-versed in very many subjects. I'm not proud of that.''' ,'''I think confrontation is healthy, because it clears the air very quickly.''' ,'''I don't think, I don't intend to make people miserable. I am demanding.''' ,'''I don't look at a problem and put variables in there that don't affect it.''' ,'''The only players I hurt with my words are the ones who have an inflated opinion of their ability. I can't worry about that.''' ,'''I have a lot of great friends in football. The game was great to me. And I've been able to do other things in television and enjoy that, meeting those people.''' ,'''By and large, I've been healthy all my life.''' ,'''When Super Bowl time comes around, I get jealous.''' ,'''I was fighting every windmill, especially when I was in college.''' ,'''I've had a long standing relationship with Gatorade, and they've been very, very good to me. And I believe in their products; I really do.''' ,'''The thing I really look for in this business is there are guys who are into football and there are guys who are in the profession for other reasons.''' ,'''Look, coaching is about human interaction and trying to know your players. Any coach would tell you that. I'm no different.''' ,'''Success is never final, but failure can be.''' ,'''When I was a young coach, there were people like Chuck Noll, Chuck Knox and Tom Landry who were there for me.''' ,'''You ask yourself, 'What do you want your legacy to be?' I'm content at this point to say, 'Those who follow me.' Romeo Crennel, Bill Belichick, Sean Payton, to name a few. I think I've got a pretty good group, so far.''' ,'''Well, I've had a long standing relationship with Gatorade and they've been very, very good to me. And I believe in their products, I really do. I've used them for many, many years.''' ,]
+++