+++
author = "Mckayla Maroney"
title = "Mckayla Maroney Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Mckayla Maroney Quotes"
keywords = "mckayla maroney,mckayla maroney quotes,mckayla maroney quote,mckayla maroney sayings,mckayla maroney saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Looking back isn't going to help you. Moving forward is the thing you have to do.''' ,'''You're in the gym eight hours a day; you're not preparing for cameras and running around and doing tour stops and making acting appearances.''' ,'''The thing with gymnastics is people don't always know the events. So they'll ask me about the rings, and I'll have to say, 'Women don't do that.' Or they'll use the wrong words, like horse instead of vault. They get confused.''' ,'''When you're competing, you have to wear a sleeve that goes all the way down to your wrist. When you're training, you usually don't wear long-sleeved leotards, so there's a difference between training and competing.''' ,'''I was just used to being in shape, and getting out of it was really difficult for me.''' ,'''In gymnastics, everything is a competition. You want to have your hair look the best and your makeup look the best. You want to be the best, and you want to have the prettiest leotard.''' ,'''I wasn't expecting two seconds of me on the medal stand to go viral after the Olympics. I came back to my room after the medal ceremony, and my dad said this picture of me doing a face I don't even remember making is blowing up.''' ,'''If you're following your dreams, you're doing something you love and that you believe in yourself for.''' ,'''I really like crop tops. I like how you can dress them up or down, with jeans or a skirt and heels. I like to be showy and cute. I don't want to be in just a jacket and pants and boots.''' ,'''You have to stay true to yourself and where you're coming from, and sometimes people see you in a different light, but you have to take it in and try to be positive about anything.''' ,'''I just know that all my fans who are with me and going along for the ride, that's what means the most to me.''' ,'''Just being there at the Olympics, you kind of just take in every single moment.''' ,'''For our team leotards, we get about ten to choose from to actually compete in at the Olympics.''' ,'''There's a lot of stress out there, and to handle it, you just need to believe in yourself; always go back to the person that you know you are, and don't let anybody tell you any different, because everyone's special and everyone's awesome.''' ,'''I really like Rihanna. And I actually do like Justin Bieber. I like the Weeknd. I like Katy Perry.''' ,'''Before competition, I always take an ice bath to make my body feel more refreshed. Then I always have coffee with a little cream and sugar. It's a superstitious thing.''' ,'''I did a 'Hart of Dixie' episode, and I was so excited for that.''' ,'''Every single day, I get asked by people to do 'the face,' so I'm bringing it along with me now for the rest of my life.''' ,'''Rio 2016 is definitely on my mind, and I would really like to go to some more World Championships before that.''' ,'''You never really think about what happens after the Olympics - you're just like, 'I want to compete. I want to do well' and thinking about that. After it all happened, it was such a whirlwind. I've gotten to do so many amazing things. My favorite thing was getting into acting.''' ,'''I didn't want people to think of me as someone who wasn't impressed with a silver medal, because obviously that's a huge accomplishment, and I was so happy. It was more about me just being not impressed with falling at the Olympics in my last event.''' ,]
+++