+++
author = "Finn Cole"
title = "Finn Cole Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Finn Cole Quotes"
keywords = "finn cole,finn cole quotes,finn cole quote,finn cole sayings,finn cole saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was the star of one of the school plays when I was in Year 10. It was 'Bugsy Malone.' There is probably footage of it somewhere.''' ,'''Coming-of-age stories are always appealing, especially as a young man who's still trying to figure out this complicated world.''' ,'''I think what makes a good actor is someone who turns up on time, does the work, and treats everyone within that creative process with ultimate respect.''' ,'''There's an element of fantasy in both 'Animal Kingdom' and 'Peaky Blinders' but they're both real in lots of ways.''' ,'''I went to a state school in south-west London. It was a brilliant school for the students that really wanted to learn. But it was not a great school for the students that - in my opinion - didn't want to learn, i.e. me. I really wasn't interested by it.''' ,'''My ideal place to be is on set, figuring out how to tell stories and entertain. That's where I'll usually be if you're looking for me.''' ,'''I always loved acting. I always loved realism. I loved the theatre, specifically small audience, real-sets stuff.''' ,'''I was always interested in water sports, water activities, and engineering.''' ,'''I wish more than anything that I could have kept some of the costumes I had on 'Dreamland.' Obviously the 'Peaky Blinders' suits are just awesome but I'm not allowed to keep them.''' ,'''I always think that politicians are worse than the baddest gangsters.''' ,'''It's great to be able to come to a set and be led by someone who is full of enthusiasm for the project.''' ,'''I was always good at fixing things growing up. I wanted to work on boats. That was what my dad did.''' ,'''I played a lot of sport and I had a lot of different friends at different sorts of schools. So I was aware of what school life could be like, or maybe what it should be like. What it was like for some people.''' ,'''I like when characters suffer in stories because that's real life and that's what we all go through.''' ,'''Trying to entertain was something I always got a kick from. It excited me quite a lot. Growing up, it was a hobby, always something I did with friends - we'd put on shows.''' ,'''I got a B in GCSE drama!''' ,'''Everything in that era of the 1930s was built to last - cars, buildings, weapons. There was so much passion in everything that was created. The design on vehicles, the costumes, it's like a different world.''' ,'''I could make a long list of writers and directors and actors I would love to work with, but the exciting thing for me is the unknown; getting an email through with a new script attached, or meeting someone who is trying to make something.''' ,'''My first real experience of acting was 'Peaky Blinders.' That was the most intense experience. In those situations you learn so quickly, and I did. My brother had the script for the second season - they had already done the first - and he said there was a great part for me.''' ,'''The challenge excites me. Being hesitant to approach or audition for things pushes me out of my comfort zone.''' ,'''You don't hear many stories about people who grow up, have normal lives, pay taxes and pay bills, have mortgages and have kids. You hear stories about Billy the Kid for a reason.''' ,'''I love the idea of having control over the creative process and looking at the bigger picture.''' ,'''I find it very hard to be disciplined. But working on something is a real reason to test yourself and go for it all the way.''' ,]
+++