+++
author = "Gracie Gold"
title = "Gracie Gold Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Gracie Gold Quotes"
keywords = "gracie gold,gracie gold quotes,gracie gold quote,gracie gold sayings,gracie gold saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Classic music will always come across better on the ice because skating has such a rich history, rooted in tradition.''' ,'''Everyone saying, 'She'll bring back women's skating. This will be the one to watch at the Olympics.' And they say things that are so far away, but really, you have to bring it back in and look at the next competition, the next day, what you want to accomplish because if you get too far ahead of yourself, you can trip yourself up.''' ,'''While I circled around and around in my brown rental skates, I studied a group of skaters spinning in the center. I was fascinated! When my mom picked me up, I began a campaign for skating lessons.''' ,'''I always put a layer of lip balm first, and then I layer the lipstick on by using a lip brush to help get it into the whole lip and make a really even line.''' ,'''A lip brush is really helpful when applying a red lip because it makes the lines smoother. You can see a bumpy line from really far away.''' ,''''Pretty Little Liars' - my sister and I read the books, so we stuck to it for the first season, but it started to kind of drift off; so did we.''' ,'''My favorite shampoos and conditioners are from Pantene's Damage Repair line, but I also love the Color Preserve Shine collection. I get highlights here and there to brighten my look, so the Color Preserve shampoo and conditioner is great for protection.''' ,'''I'm an elite, recreational juggler.''' ,'''If I were packing for a deserted island, I would bring sunscreen, a water purifier, something to start a fire with, my sister, and something for protection.''' ,'''A lot of the off-ice is actually spent sort of as a recovery process. Because the closer we get to a competition, the more and more you do on-ice. So if you're already on the ice three to four hours, you get enough cardio doing your run-throughs. But I sometimes do the elliptical or bike.''' ,'''I always try to have a fun nail. It's something whimsical that you can pull off anytime.''' ,'''Grace Kelly is my main inspiration, for her timeless beauty. I like Jennifer Lawrence for her fun, down-to-earth style, and Taylor Swift is always elegant.''' ,'''Now that I have an Olympic medal in my room, it makes me hungry for another and a different color one.''' ,'''I always wear my evil eye necklace to ward off bad karma. I always wear one to protect me.''' ,'''The first thing I do when I get up in the morning is wash my face with Olay Regenerist Thermal Mini-Peel Face Wash. My skin is super-dry, and this one is great for basically any skin type. As you cleanse your face, the face wash gets warmer, so it's soothing and also has some exfoliation to it.''' ,'''Someone named Gold has never won gold, I'm told.''' ,'''Red certainly is the family color. From my mother and my grandmother, I've learned a lot of little tricks - the significance of color and lipstick being one of them. I started skating when I was eight years old, and my mom did my makeup for me back then.''' ,'''I'm really all about clean eating, lots of fruits and vegetables. It's great, because in California, there are so many farmers' markets, so I always have plenty of fresh produce.''' ,'''I pretty much knew that I was going to come in fourth, but then I said, 'I'm fourth at the Olympic Games. What are you talking about? Why is that disappointing?'''' ,'''There are tons of great names who have gotten fourth at their first Olympics, and they just kept with it for the next quad. I'm among good company.''' ,'''I love pop music... some hip hop... not super big into rap, but I love Rihanna. I love Alicia Keys. Rihanna was my first concert I went to. I love her.''' ,'''I always start my breakfast out with oatmeal, because it's full of vitamin D, it's a great carb, and you can get, like, some fun flavors in there.''' ,'''It's kind of low brow, but the show 'Bob's Burgers' is hilarious, and being from the Midwest, I can kind of relate to a lot of the jokes. 'Orange is The New Black' is a Netflix Exclusive, I think - that's really funny.''' ,'''Skating can make you feel athletic, graceful, beautiful.''' ,'''I think that's something to look forward to: The new Gracie Gold at the Olympics. In 2014, you'll see a lot of the warm Gracie, and not just the athletic Gracie.''' ,'''I think if I just do what I do every day, on the extraordinary Olympic stage, I could be a podium contender.''' ,'''When it comes down to competition, it's not always about the best skater, it's about who skates the best in that competition.''' ,'''In skating there's always another jump or another spin variation or another thing to learn, and that's what I liked about it.''' ,'''My go-to is a red lip. It's a timeless fashion statement, and I've loved doing it ever since I was little. My favorite classic red is CoverGirl Lip Perfection in #305 Hot.''' ,'''My mom was born in San Diego, around Vista. So we've always been California people.''' ,'''I can't live without mascara and lipstick - every day.''' ,'''Always wear a smile because you never know who is watching.''' ,'''I've been competitive since day one. Even in little things as a child, like having a twin and a direct competitor for who makes better cookies.''' ,'''There is always the next big thing, the next big skater.''' ,'''It's just skating, and you're going to have a couple of mistakes. Even in practice, you're not hitting 100%.''' ,'''Everyone has their dreams. I don't write my dreams down; they just live inside of me.''' ,'''I always wear a pair of colored jeans and fun boots. I have a really cute pair of stars-and-stripes Converse, and I love wearing all my bright Nike shoes.''' ,'''I definitely have two Olympics in me; I don't know about three Olympics.''' ,]
+++