+++
author = "Tamsin Egerton"
title = "Tamsin Egerton Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Tamsin Egerton Quotes"
keywords = "tamsin egerton,tamsin egerton quotes,tamsin egerton quote,tamsin egerton sayings,tamsin egerton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The truth is, I'm not body confident.''' ,'''I hardly ever missed school, and I always got my work in on time. I was a good student and always got top grades.''' ,'''I suppose I am one of those lucky people who eats what they like and doesn't gain too much weight.''' ,'''At 11, I got my first job in a mini-series for America, and it was very exciting.''' ,'''I have no sense of direction at all. Thank the Lord for my TomTom, otherwise I'd spend my whole life lost.''' ,'''L.A. is definitely a Marmite sort of place for me. I used to hate it, but now I love it. I think it really helps if you know the places and the restaurants and the nice bars to go to and if you have friends there. I've got some friends over there now, and they're not all actors, which is quite refreshing, and now I have a great time there.''' ,'''Always take earplugs and an eye mask. It doesn't matter where you are. Even if you're in the best hotel, if there's road works outside, then you're screwed. So I take earplugs and an eye mask with me wherever I go.''' ,'''When you're acting, you're escaping and hiding behind something. It's cliched to say, but there's a safety there.''' ,'''I'm neurotic about children. I see dangers everywhere - sharp corners, stairs.''' ,'''I hate watching myself on film because I am so judgmental.''' ,'''Acting is an aesthetic career, which is annoying.''' ,'''I'm trying to cultivate a long-term career rather than get every job right this minute. That'd be putting too much pressure on myself. I'd go crazy if I thought like that.''' ,'''I am my own worst enemy. My friends and family will say, 'You've got everything going for you right now', and I say, 'Oh yes, but!' Which is not a good way to be.''' ,'''I love dressing up for events; to me it's almost like wearing a costume for the evening.''' ,'''I have to be careful not to do so many comedy airhead roles from now on. I've turned down a couple already.''' ,'''I have been working since I was 11 on everything including period dramas.''' ,'''I was brought up to think a lot about food and have respect for it, both as medicine and something to eat and enjoy.''' ,'''I don't think any actors love taking their clothes off on film, unless you're an exhibitionist, which I'm certainly not.''' ,'''My mum is a bit unconventional; she's outdoorsy and has more of an emotional intelligence, whereas my dad is pragmatic; he's a businessman.''' ,'''Hairdressers call me dark blonde, but I think they're wrong. I feel far more naturally confident blonde. My mum's blonde, my sister's platinum blonde. I thought, 'When I grow up, that's what I'm going to look like.'''' ,'''I'm a complete junky for lotions and potions! I love SkinCeuticles Hydrating B5 Gel; it's like a serum and I put it on my face, and immediately I can feel it. I put my moisturiser on top of that, and I just know that it's going in more. I can feel it working, and I love it.''' ,'''I love jewellery, but it's something I go through stages with. I have my go-to pieces that I will bring out and wear for weeks at a time.''' ,'''I will normally eat about seven or eight mince pies in one sitting. Sometimes, I can get to double figures. My friends, and probably most people, stop at two, so they probably dislike me a bit for it.''' ,'''I defy any woman that doesn't feel more elegant and more groomed and ready for an evening than if you have a blow dry.''' ,'''I'm a big handbag lover and will always have one with me.''' ,'''I'm not interested in serial dating; I'd honestly rather be single.''' ,'''Once you take a role, you have to do it properly and do it justice.''' ,'''The weather in California is so much hotter than it is in England that it's absolutely changed my style. I have many more dresses and shorts than I ever thought I would coming from U.K.! It's so much easier to dress femininely in a warm climate.''' ,'''Some people who meet me might think I starve myself, because there's such an assumption that being thin involves putting yourself through torture and punishing your body, but I'm just naturally skinny - you should watch me demolish a ploughman's lunch.''' ,'''Jane Austen's characters for women are always very strong, opinionated and elegantly written, so they're always great for an actress to have a chance to do.''' ,'''I think if you have a good night's sleep, you can take on the world.''' ,'''I don't know what it is about me, but I don't think of myself as sexy; I never have.''' ,'''I did model for a little while part-time, but I wasn't a bloody model, and I am definitely not that horrible thing 'model-turned-actress.'''' ,'''My style is schizophrenic! One minute I'll be wearing bright girly dresses, and the next I'll be swinging towards more structured masculine things.''' ,'''Kids hate anyone who is different.''' ,'''I'm a real animal lover. I adore animals of all shapes and sizes.''' ,'''I'm not a flying fan. I can't bear it.''' ,'''Kicks are my forte. I've got strong legs and high kicks. And I've got very good reach, obviously.''' ,'''The 1950s would be my ideal decade because I'm actually very traditional; I enjoy being at home, and I'm a complete nester.''' ,'''I actually love doing period pieces, purely because it takes you into a different world, mentally. The clothes you have to wear are so far from our everyday clothes that it immediately helps with the character and putting you in that mind frame.''' ,]
+++