+++
author = "Dee Wallace"
title = "Dee Wallace Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Dee Wallace Quotes"
keywords = "dee wallace,dee wallace quotes,dee wallace quote,dee wallace sayings,dee wallace saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A really good horror film has a story.''' ,'''I believe I was actually the first single mother in a major film.''' ,'''I think a lot of kids get scared by 'E.T.' Sometimes when I do the science-fiction conventions, I'll have a 35-year-old guy with tatts and piercings all over, and he comes up and says, 'You know, it scared me so much I still can't watch it.'''' ,'''I love drama. I love to play an arc.''' ,'''I would never butt heads with Rob Zombie. I don't know anybody that's in acting that ever butted heads with Rob Zombie. I adore Rob. I adore him. I adore working with him. I adore knowing him. I'm happy to consider myself a friend and someone who he hires. I just think he's great.''' ,'''I have an Internet radio show where people can call in for healing.''' ,'''I would be very, very bored doing light little comedies for my entire career.''' ,'''The public makes a hit.''' ,'''If you take every challenge everyone has in their life and multiply it in severity you get what it's like in the life of an actor.''' ,''''E.T.' was a healing movie; it was a heart movie. It was all about getting about getting home and love.''' ,'''I knew I wanted to be an actress as soon as I popped out.''' ,'''I was lucky enough to have a plethora of types of roles before and during the horror movie part of my career.''' ,'''Taking control of your own creation, you can ultimately affect your future.''' ,'''I am a clairaudient healer. My specialty is being able to discern the blocks within a person's energy that are prohibiting them from being free, happy, and powerful.''' ,'''The essence of my work, and of me, is the softer side of a strong woman, and that goes into a number of different roles.''' ,]
+++