+++
author = "Loris Karius"
title = "Loris Karius Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Loris Karius Quotes"
keywords = "loris karius,loris karius quotes,loris karius quote,loris karius sayings,loris karius saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My dad always wanted me to get into motocross like him, so I started doing it while I was really young.''' ,'''I want to be in goal and play for Liverpool every week and then win a trophy with the club. That's what everyone wants. I want to do my part and help.''' ,'''When I started, I was a striker for the first few months. Our goalkeeper didn't show up once, and the team was asked who wanted to fill in for him. No-one really wanted to, but I thought it would be an interesting challenge, so I agreed to do it.''' ,'''I have no problem with Jurgen Klopp. In fact we have a great relationship, he transferred me from Mainz.''' ,'''My grandad and mom would drive me to training all the time, and from then - around seven to eight - coaches were telling me I had something special and needed to stick with it.''' ,'''It is impossible to go through a season without a mistake. Some might be major mistakes. Some might be little mistakes.''' ,'''Nobody told me to leave Liverpool. I didn't run away from Liverpool.''' ,'''I'm not a keeper who hasn't shown his ability.''' ,'''Goalkeepers don't get second chances, but also, we can win games and be praised, so that's the way it is.''' ,'''As a goalkeeper, you have games where you're really exhausted afterwards, even though you didn't run as much.''' ,'''The spectacular things come automatically if you're a good goalkeeper, but it's very important that you do all the basics right.''' ,'''I think, in general, there are no games in the Premier League where you think, 'Oh, that's an easy one.'''' ,'''It is always a battle; it doesn't matter in which club or which position. If you don't perform well, even when you start, you might lose your spot in any position.''' ,'''I have to cause a stir in Liverpool and do my job really well. If I achieve that, then - and that's what I hope - I will one day get the call from Bundestrainer Joachim Low.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of anything.''' ,'''My father didn't watch football, and it was my grandad who got me in to it.''' ,'''Not many German keepers can say they've played in a Champions League final.''' ,'''It's just important that you plan your week with food and everything to try and be on your highest level on a matchday.''' ,'''Every manager has his own idea of playing and his own idea of the training, and everyone has a different personality.''' ,'''This is life. This is football. Mistakes happen to any player.''' ,'''I think it's important to make the simple things right: the easy saves, the catches, commanding the box. On top of that, if you make a super save, then that's great. It's the main base as a goalkeeper.''' ,'''Whether it is from the manager or fans, positive words help. You also have to balance it with negative stuff.''' ,'''It definitely helps when you play regularly instead of coming in and out of the team.''' ,'''If you have the number one shirt, and you don't play any games, it doesn't really help you.''' ,'''I go to the barbers every two weeks.''' ,'''I always try to be there when the team needs me.''' ,'''When a striker misses a chance, people say he should have scored, but five minutes later, they don't talk about it anymore.''' ,'''Ibrahimovic is certainly a great player, but during a match, I don't waste any thoughts on who is opposing me, and you never have any fears on the pitch.''' ,'''I choose to be a goalkeeper.''' ,'''I think I would have one favourite jacket, one favourite pair of sneakers - like, from every kind of thing I do have my favourite - but they're often the things I wear the least because I just want to keep them nice, so I don't really tend to wear them as much.''' ,'''Every goalkeeper has a different way of playing. Some will take risks to help the team - coming for high balls, being prepared to be attacked in the box knowing there is not much protection from the referees - but that might mean they make more mistakes. Some try to be safer to avoid those situations, but it does not help the team.''' ,'''It's good to have competition and good for the club to have three strong goalkeepers.''' ,'''Oliver Kahn against Valencia in 2001 - this was the first Champions League game I remember. I was a Bayern fan.''' ,'''I don't think a lot of players reach a Champions League final. If you look at how many goalkeepers in the league reach a Champions League final, I don't know.''' ,'''When I heard Klopp wanted me, I was really excited because it felt like a huge reward after everything I'd been through, and also because I know how hard the manager works for success.''' ,'''We have many good keepers in Germany, and that's why you can never let your form dip.''' ,'''There's two or three lifestyle pages that I like. I like Hypebeast, and obviously, I follow @BritishGQ.''' ,'''I know I am a good goalkeeper, and I've shown that a lot.''' ,]
+++