+++
author = "Mauricio Macri"
title = "Mauricio Macri Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Mauricio Macri Quotes"
keywords = "mauricio macri,mauricio macri quotes,mauricio macri quote,mauricio macri sayings,mauricio macri saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm obsessed about lifting the greatest number of Argentines possible out of poverty as quickly as possible.''' ,'''The world is a mess.''' ,'''Dancing is like - it's another way of communicating, no?''' ,'''Argentina has decided to take its place in the global landscape. We need important companies of the world to finance and construct roads, ports, waterways, energy, trains. We're a huge country that only depends on trucks today. It's impossible.''' ,'''Argentina shows opportunity for doing good business, taking care of the environment to fight climate change, paying taxes. Argentina will continue to grow.''' ,'''I'm a great singer.''' ,'''I don't believe in populism.''' ,'''All transitions are hard. We took over a country beaten down by lies and corruption.''' ,'''I have obeyed the law. I have nothing to hide.''' ,'''If we Argentines dare to unite, we will be unstoppable.''' ,'''Congress is a place that lacks any debate of ideas.''' ,'''As president, I want to be a citizen who can communicate with all Argentines.''' ,'''The state is going to be present where it has to be for every Argentine, especially for the neediest of us.''' ,'''The only situation that I can't be in favour of is the lack of respect to human rights in Venezuela.''' ,'''Venezuela's government must work toward achieving a true culture of democracy for our region. There's no room for persecution based on ideological reasons or for thinking differently.''' ,'''The world is under siege, in conflict, but it is enthusiastic about Argentina.''' ,'''Argentina wants to have good ties with the entire world.''' ,'''Argentina needs to have a different foreign policy. Because of a lack of foreign policy, investments haven't been what they should be.''' ,'''If you have a problem, you have to recognize it and solve it.''' ,'''I'm focused on giving Argentinians better opportunities.''' ,'''Let's learn to consume the least amount of energy possible.''' ,'''We've got to take confrontation out of the centre of politics. With fighting, no one wins; with dialogue, everyone wins.''' ,'''We need to build an Argentina with zero poverty.''' ,'''We should be optimistic about the future even though we have a complicated present.''' ,'''Israeli suffering has to be understood.''' ,'''There is more that unites us than divides us.''' ,'''Argentina is ready to take its place. Its a big country with a lot of talent.''' ,'''You either respect people's liberties, or you don't.''' ,'''Politics, for me, is not a competition to see who's got the bigger ego. It's working together for the good of the people.''' ,'''I have the luck to choose what to do in my life.''' ,'''Argentines have billions of pesos overseas because they didn't trust in the state.''' ,'''Fortunately, we Argentines have decided to change. We believe politics needs to be led by public servants with a vocation to give and construct.''' ,'''There can be no activist judges from any political party.''' ,'''We need to stop arguing about things that don't help Argentina grow.''' ,'''The Argentine government is convinced of Mrs. Malcorra's conditions and capacities that will allow her to amply carry out the functions of the role of Secretary General of the United Nations.''' ,]
+++