+++
author = "Grant Bowler"
title = "Grant Bowler Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Grant Bowler Quotes"
keywords = "grant bowler,grant bowler quotes,grant bowler quote,grant bowler sayings,grant bowler saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I seem to be incapable of playing that guy that always does the right thing, who always responds well in any circumstance.''' ,'''I was born in New Zealand, so I have a lot of family there.''' ,'''I think that the way of bringing realism into fantasy is to treat it as the commonplace.''' ,'''I never talk about a job before the contract is signed and I've shot the first three days.''' ,'''I love playing bad guys; they're always much more fun than the good guy.''' ,'''I've actually usually been wary of taking on science fiction as an actor because it's really tough to do. It's really difficult to execute. There's often lots of prosthetics, green screen and special effects, and it can get very technical.''' ,'''For my money, if I'm playing anything then it has to have some sharp angles on it. It's got to have some edges that you can cut yourself on, otherwise it's boring.''' ,'''Making a movie with Lindsay Lohan is not for the faint of heart.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of classic sci-fi.''' ,'''A character, their ability or inability to laugh at themselves should always be a very, very conscious choice. It's a very big key to the nature of a human being.''' ,'''I don't watch the beginnings of many series; I don't know why - maybe because I'm normally working.''' ,'''I love working in New Zealand. It's just the most beautiful country I've ever been to.''' ,'''Money is tighter now, with the advertising dollar spread a lot more thinly across a whole range of media because of the Internet. It means the television networks have less power to produce shows, and TV is where most Australian actors make their money.''' ,'''A long-running TV series is a beast in that it demands you stick to one character over a long haul.''' ,'''Comedy has to be so much cleaner than drama. You can't layer it in the way you can a dramatic performance. Which is why it's more difficult than drama - you don't have so many tricks.''' ,'''I grew up in Queensland, and my dad was a tradesman and my mum an insurance agent, both self-employed.''' ,]
+++