+++
author = "Taissa Farmiga"
title = "Taissa Farmiga Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Taissa Farmiga Quotes"
keywords = "taissa farmiga,taissa farmiga quotes,taissa farmiga quote,taissa farmiga sayings,taissa farmiga saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''First off, I could never become a doctor. Blood? Even the fake blood on 'American Horror Story,' I'm kind of ready to hurl.''' ,'''It's a crazy world, stardom. I don't even think of myself as a star. I just like to go to work.''' ,'''The horror aspect, the scary parts, are easy for me. I mean, I can get into that pretty easy, because I get scared. You have to invest yourself in these characters.''' ,'''I didn't even want to start acting when I started. At least, I never thought about it.''' ,'''I try to stay far away from anything creepy and supernatural. I'd rather not think about it.''' ,'''I'm actually pretty afraid of scary movies, so I can't watch them at night, but I am a fan during the daytime!''' ,'''Part of what made 'The Bling Ring' such a fun, freeing experience was that we got to wear these really over-the-top clothes we'd never pick in real life - like for the nightclub scenes, we'd have on these really short, really tight dresses. But you know what - I actually learned how to walk in heels on that set!''' ,'''I'm on Twitter. I created my account for my fans, and I do respond back once in a while, because they're so great.''' ,'''Norma Bates is insanely crazy, but you can't help but love her.''' ,'''Admiration is great, but there is a line not to cross.''' ,'''I have a rebellious teenage thing. If my mom says I can't do it, I'm gonna do it. But I'm pretty good. That's why it was fun to play Sam in 'The Bling Ring.' I got to be someone crazy and wild to the extreme, then go home and relax and get rid of the burden.''' ,'''All my friends are like, 'Can you be on my side in the zombie apocalypse?' and I'm like, 'I got this.'''' ,'''I do make a good ragu pasta, which everyone seems to like. Or that could be just me talking; who knows what they really think. I actually stole the recipe from my older sister Vera, who also loves to cook. I took all my recipes from her.''' ,'''I was hoping, actually, that being on the other side of the camera in a scary movie, see how it's filmed and maybe you won't be as scared next time you watch one... didn't really work out! Because I know it's fake, but I just get so into it.''' ,''''American Horror Story' is dark, so you shouldn't be expecting too much happiness.''' ,'''I'm not the biggest horror fan. I get scared so easily. If I'm just walking on set, and someone taps me on the shoulder, I scream and jump and freak out.''' ,'''I get scared easily, so I'm not one for just sitting down with a bowl of popcorn and watching horror stories. But, I mean, I'm learning more. Maybe one day I'd like to be able to watch them.''' ,'''I can't say that I fully relate to things that I play. Sometimes it's nice to spend half the day crying; then you don't have to do it in real life.''' ,'''If you don't have a Facebook, like, you're nobody. There's all of these sort of requirements now, and if you don't have all of these things - Facebook, Twitter, etc. - you're made fun of. And Twitter for celebrities... everything is just getting so personal. Pictures of yourself, of what you're eating for breakfast.''' ,]
+++