+++
author = "Angela Kinsey"
title = "Angela Kinsey Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Angela Kinsey Quotes"
keywords = "angela kinsey,angela kinsey quotes,angela kinsey quote,angela kinsey sayings,angela kinsey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm sure, to many people, my life is not that exciting, but to me every day is an adventure.''' ,'''I have a very normal life. I go to the grocery store, I go to Target. I don't have an assistant, I don't have an entourage.''' ,'''I grew up overseas in Indonesia, and my school had a great art, music, and theatre program.''' ,'''I think it's a tough road if you're a stay-at-home mom, a working mom, if you have a partner, if you don't. It's the best job in the world, and the toughest job in the world all at the same time.''' ,'''Here's the thing; I'm not in shape.''' ,'''If you change a character too much, the audience falls out of love with the character, but characters need to evolve and grow over the years.''' ,'''My very sassy, older southern sister is very quick to point out that it's a luxury that my daughter gets to come to work with me. She does, and I have lunch with her every single day. My mom says I have 'high class problems.'''' ,'''I think that the biggest beauty essential is as simple as a good, full night's sleep.''' ,'''Being a parent is amazing.''' ,'''I keep lip gloss everywhere. It always makes me feel like I am slightly put together.''' ,'''I think we want our kids to grow up to be people who can think outside of the box, be creative and innovators, sort of the forward-thinkers of our future. I think a way to inspire that is through art and music.''' ,'''Seriously, I will probably out-talk you if you come up to me because I'm a chatterbox.''' ,'''My friend, Sue Ann, in college pulled me aside and said, 'Honey I love you but you have got to start waxing your eyebrows. They look wild!' So thank you, that kinda changed my life.''' ,'''I hope my daughter knows that in our house we can make messes and have fun and we'll laugh through it. Granted I don't want her to trash the house, but we do make a lot of messes.''' ,'''Funniness is genetic.''' ,'''Now that I'm a mom, I'm way more laid back. If you come into my house, don't look for a coaster. Forget it. There is not a piece of furniture in my house now that is too precious.''' ,'''I got the wake-up call that no one is policing our oceans. I wondered, how can I do anything? What really can I do to make things better? There are some perks to being a celebrity. My job is to be funny once in a while, but it's my responsibility to make good use of it.''' ,'''My mom, the fabulous Bertie Kinsey, is an amazing seamstress. She quilts and sews and is so crafty. We call her the Southern Martha Stewart!''' ,'''I have a special place in my heart for working moms - it's a constant pull on your heartstrings.''' ,'''I don't want to live in a world where I could say to my daughter, 'There used to be turtles that swam in the ocean.'''' ,'''Cut down on your use of plastic shopping bags because many end up in the ocean.''' ,'''I think we've all worked with that person at the office who takes themselves and their job so seriously.''' ,'''As a busy working mom I'm always pressed for time, so a quick and easy beauty routine is key!''' ,'''Parenthood is such a lesson in self-sacrifice.''' ,'''I have so many messy moments.''' ,'''I love hanging out at home with my kid. It's hard to get me to leave the house.''' ,'''I bring my bike to work, and I make laps around our parking lot on my lunch break.''' ,'''I love 'House' - I love 'House' so much.''' ,'''Your audience is a lot smarter than you realize.''' ,'''I keep my sisters on speed dial.''' ,'''I think a lot of times we can get distracted and not be in the moment with people and be missing all the life happening in the moment.''' ,]
+++