+++
author = "Zoe Foster Blake"
title = "Zoe Foster Blake Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Zoe Foster Blake Quotes"
keywords = "zoe foster blake,zoe foster blake quotes,zoe foster blake quote,zoe foster blake sayings,zoe foster blake saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's important to show each other your marriage is a priority.''' ,'''There are perks to being the partner of a professional athlete - we were invited into beautiful homes, enjoyed stunning sponsor cars, got special treatment at restaurants, and attended many exquisite functions.''' ,'''Hamish is worried about ending up like my parents, who each spend time in their two homes in Bundanoon and Sydney. But that's how their marriage has lasted.''' ,'''I used to write fiction, non-fiction, fiction, non-fiction and have a clear pattern because I'd need a break from one style when going into the next book.''' ,'''I was writing blogs before work, then I was writing at work, and then I started writing books on the weekend because you just have that sort of energy in your 20s; it's wonderful.''' ,'''As with any moderately famous person, footballers are the source of much gossip. In fact, I'd go as far as to say they are targeted. The fun part as their partner is not knowing who, or what, to believe.''' ,'''I thought I'd have the baby, and get super fit and strong straight away.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with brows, so Revlon's ColorStay Eyebrow Liner is a must, and the Just Bitten Kissable Balm Stain in Rendezvous is another obsession.''' ,'''It'll seem convenient 'cause I am ambassador for the charity, but Look Good Feel Better launched a set of makeup brushes through Priceline, and I use the multi-tasking brush to apply my liquid foundation. It's wonderful. As good as the Bobbi Brown Full Coverage Face brush, which I also use.''' ,'''I think because Sport Lux has come in and leisure wear is a new thing, girls can sneak in hoodies and leggings and so on where they wouldn't normally - it has been proper legitimate fashion.''' ,'''At 9 P.M., everything goes off - and it's hard. But it's something you've got to do. I'm wasting my life.''' ,'''My favourite colours have always been '60s Miami-inspired gold and peach - feminine but not too girlie.''' ,'''I really like funny women. I'm drawn to women like Tina Fey and Amy Poehler and Kristen Wiig, Amy Schumer. They're writers, they're producers, they're actresses. They're brilliant, funny, excellent women.''' ,'''Black liner around the eye makes your eyes look smaller. I think you should reassess, if you're a really big black liner user, maybe even just doing the top line, not lower, or try a brown or a plum or even a navy.''' ,'''Hamish and I rarely go to launches or parties any more but prefer to spend our time hanging out together.''' ,'''I'm bad; I wear trainers with everything: with a dress, skirts, all of that.''' ,'''Life isn't always really glamorous and fabulous. It's about encouraging people to go back to natural beauty.''' ,'''Napoleon's The One Concealer is amazing. Pantene Styling Treatment Foam makes my stupid-crazy hair behave, and I love hair powders such as Aveda Pure Abundance and Batiste Dry Shampoo.''' ,'''The morning is always my best time of the day for writing because that's when my head is best.''' ,'''I've written everywhere - in hotel rooms, cafes, airports, and planes all around the world. Now I have a home office, and the wi-fi is really bad down there, which is great. If I make a date with myself to write from, say, 6 A.M. to 10 A.M. on a Saturday, the fact that no emails come in helps me focus.''' ,'''We live a happy life, and we don't take anything too seriously.''' ,'''I had gross morning sickness til about 15 weeks and then gestational diabetes, and most annoyingly, from about week 20, I had pelvis issues, which saw me on crutches for the last five weeks of the pregnancy and has since developed into full-blown Osteitis Pubis and pelvic instability.''' ,'''I guess the headline is that you mustn't tough it out assuming it's 'normal' to feel incredible pain when you're preggo or post-partum, or be afraid to try a new specialist or a new kind of specialist if you have pain that isn't getting any better.''' ,'''Use a corrector to do all the heavy lifting under the eyes, not concealer. I spent years re-applying and layering concealer and Touche Eclat under there, when what I really needed was a good, peachy-toned corrector.''' ,'''You're allowed to work hard and have good things and do good things.''' ,'''By mid-morning, I take a break from my novel and work on my Sunday Style column, which is about pop culture and what I find on the web. I usually start writing it at the beginning of the week and give it a couple of days to marinate before I return to it.''' ,'''Obviously there's a lot more to a TV show than just a book... I think adaptations are a bit tricky for the screenwriters because they're worried about upsetting the author.''' ,'''The selfie phenomenon is enormous, and it's hilarious. Especially as Australians, because we kind of hate people that love themselves, but that's all flipping on its head now, and we're happy to love ourselves.''' ,'''Marriage isn't always cupcakes and Jesus juice, but it's important to show each other your marriage is a priority and that you still love them.''' ,'''Women will use a glycolic acid cleanser, then an AHA/BHA serum, then a retinol night cream and sure, they have glowing skin, but that's the equivalent of a mini-peel each night. Go easy on your skin! Get good advice! We have finite layers!''' ,'''I had a free-range childhood. We lived in town but with a cow, chooks, bees, and multiple veggie gardens so we could live self-sufficiently.''' ,'''I didn't even know what a beauty editor was. It sounds like a fictional job if you think about it. You get to test lipstick and perfume and nail polish legitimately and call it work.''' ,'''I wish I could do 50 projects a year.''' ,'''I want anything I produce to be good for people kind enough to try it, but it's the momentum and process I enjoy most.''' ,'''No one reads my books until they're finished because I don't want feedback. It confuses me, and it changes things; if I get too much feedback, I get thrown off my path.''' ,'''I saturate freshly washed hair with thickening spray (R+Co). Then, using a Denman/styler brush and my Parlux, I brush and blow-dry the hair all over my head, in every direction, until it's 80 percent dry. This gives atomic body and a great foundation for styling in the morning.''' ,'''I was the youngest and on my own a lot. I think this probably taught me independence and how to be okay with my own company. Also, it meant I read a lot.''' ,'''I'm pedantic about lip balm. I've been chomping through Lip Smackers since age 11. So the lip balm called Lips! is a personal favourite. I also really love the Properly Clean cleanser. Women are wearing primer, sunscreen and makeup, so a cleanser needs to work hard these days.''' ,'''Lipstick is always in, whether it's matte, creamy, glossy, and so on.''' ,'''Now my goal is to be strong. I get two classes in a week, and they'll be either barre or reformer Pilates.''' ,'''People are intrigued when they discover you date a footballer - women especially.''' ,'''When I first have an idea, I'll spit-ball it with my husband: he's my beautiful ideas sounding board. I usually have a year deadline from start to finish, so I'll piss about for three months and pretend to get started. Then there's four to six months of actual writing and, after that, submissions, edits, and eventually a finished product.''' ,'''An anniversary is a reminder as to why you love and married this person.''' ,]
+++