+++
author = "Catherine Hicks"
title = "Catherine Hicks Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Catherine Hicks Quotes"
keywords = "catherine hicks,catherine hicks quotes,catherine hicks quote,catherine hicks sayings,catherine hicks saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''At Cornell, my acting teacher said you cannot be religious and be an artist. I sort of got it, because faith is a comfort and art comes from a lot of places, in a lot of people, from the dark chasm.''' ,'''I am a Russell Brand fan. I'm one of the few people who think he did a cracker-jack job in 'Arthur.'''' ,'''There's a oneness to showing yourself to an audience. They feel that. It's healthy. That's what acting is all about.''' ,'''As an only child, I embrace loneliness. Hollywood loneliness helped to understand Marilyn Monroe in a real way. I was able to portray her very well.''' ,'''The soul is a muscle, and it needs to be exercised a little every day. Say a morning prayer just to say something.''' ,'''I'm a happy member of the church. I'm proud of it and defend it. It makes me bold and gives me confidence. I feel I know the answer to life - that it's all about. If you're not searching for the answer to life, you have more time to make art. It's a rock for me upon which I can tap dance.''' ,'''One of the reasons you take a role is because it's something you always wanted to do, from going to the movies as a kid. I always wanted to do a 1950s movie, for example. And I got a chance to be in 'Peggy Sue Got Married.' I would have taken only one line of dialogue to be in that.''' ,'''I don't believe any religion should be exclusive or feel superior in any way, or be judgmental. It should be a quiet, private thing.''' ,'''Acting is about giving yourself away, like the U2 song 'With or Without You.' You just don't stay behind a character and make people laugh or cry. At some point you have to take off that mask, and when you do, you're a human being, not just an actor. After all, I'm Catherine the person first. You share that.''' ,'''I noticed the drama majors on campus when I was at Notre Dame. They just seemed to be freer spirits than the rest of us. There was joy in their work; they were the only ones studying something whose work made them happy. I envied that.''' ,'''My parents were part of the Christian Family Movement, where we would have Masses said in our home and rotate with other families. I recall priests coming to our home and saying Mass in our living room. Catholicism was really woven through so much.''' ,'''Before we took down the tree each year, Dad would always say a prayer that we would be together the next Christmas. I cling to that prayer, which serves as a reminder that it's important to be grateful in the present for the people you love because, well, you never know.''' ,'''People always want you to look pretty. I would like to live in the Midwest in a small town and never put makeup on. But they won't let you do that. Once I went through a period when I did do that, wore no makeup, wore my hair any which way, and people looked at me like I was a bum.''' ,]
+++