+++
author = "Chris Pronger"
title = "Chris Pronger Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Chris Pronger Quotes"
keywords = "chris pronger,chris pronger quotes,chris pronger quote,chris pronger sayings,chris pronger saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We are a boutique luxury travel company that caters to elite athletes and C-suite executives who feel the same pressures and time constraints as elite athletes. Having been one, I understand the pressures and the demands on your time.''' ,'''I get up, I have breakfast, go work out, go to my eye appointment, come home, relax for a couple hours, and then go get my kids from school and start carpooling them around to their different activities and things they do.''' ,'''Growing up, I ate, slept and breathed hockey. I got home from school, I shot pucks, played outdoor hockey, road hockey, go home for dinner... Remember this is pre-Internet, barely any video games, I had a Commodore Vic-20. If you weren't doing your homework, you were outside playing hockey, most likely.''' ,'''It takes nothing to get me to sensory overload.''' ,'''If I knew the secret to consistency, I'd be consistent.''' ,'''I have nothing bad to say against the city of Edmonton. I liked it there. I had a fun year playing. It's something I'll remember for the rest of my life.''' ,'''I don't have very good peripheral vision, that so-called sixth sense people have. I used to have a really good one, and now I couldn't feel anybody come around a corner.''' ,'''Mistakes happen. Not every one of my suspensions was purposeful or intentional. A lot of that stuff happens spur of the moment in the middle of a game.''' ,'''In the '90s, when I started, it was still a rough-and-tumble, physical league. You take the hook and holding and a little bit of the physicality out of the game, and the speed ratcheted up two-fold.''' ,'''I played to the best of my ability. Played to win and was fortunate enough to have won a Stanley Cup and a couple gold medals and played on some really good teams... I'm not going to look back and say I wish I could have done this or that.''' ,'''Fans are fickle, it's the nature of the beast.''' ,'''I'm from the middle of nowhere. I had to drive four hours just to find a city. It's a different upbringing. It was perfect for me. I love the small-town feel, where you know everybody.''' ,'''I got a headache right now and you wouldn't know it. It's just a pounding. Back of the head. That's the thing. You get used to it.''' ,'''Obviously, I played two years in Hartford and I have a lot of fond memories.''' ,'''Sometimes, I actually feel good when I get a penalty, because I get to rest for two minutes - hopefully just two minutes.''' ,'''Unless you're dying, it's ingrained in our culture to play. Pain doesn't hurt; it's just pain.''' ,'''I get to play behind Al MacInnis and learn from him. I get to play with Brett Hull. There were like six or seven Hall of Famers that I would play with during my time in St. Louis. I mean, Wayne Gretzky was traded there my first year.''' ,'''Everybody that has ever played a professional sport would like to go out on their terms and very few get to.''' ,'''I don't like having noise swirling around me. Loud noises bother me, so I try to stick to the outside of a room. I try to keep the noise in front of me.''' ,'''If I don't write things down, good luck. I was talking to my mom last night. I take another call, tell her I'll call right back, 10 minutes. Think I remembered?''' ,'''I didn't play the game to make friends; I played the game to win.''' ,'''When my wife was six years old, her father was diagnosed with stage four colon cancer and was given a 10% chance to live. He wanted to travel the world with his family while he could, so on these trips she got to see her father be excited to be with the family.''' ,'''The best things in life aren't easy. My career kind of sums that up. From the start of it to the end of it, there were a lot of twists and turns, a lot of different adversities. Having overcome those, it makes you stronger.''' ,'''A lot of guys around the league might say I need a dentist.''' ,'''A lot of guys are missing teeth and don't get them fixed until they're done. I think that's pretty much the hockey trademark... guys figure, well, we're going to lose our teeth anyway, so we'll get them fixed when we're done.''' ,'''Everybody wants to go out like a John Elway, where he wins two Super Bowls and is able to retire on his own terms.''' ,'''And as you really dig deep and start talking to families about their goals, dreams and bucket list trips, you really get to know someone, which allows us to mentor them... and they start feeling comfortable with you.''' ,'''You want to be the guy to carry the Stanley Cup around and leave the game on a high note. As we all know that rarely happens.''' ,'''Getting traded to Edmonton was fine with me at the time. At the end of the day, though, you just try to do what's best for you and your family.''' ,'''My cognitive skills are a little suspect at times. It comes and goes on certain days. I can be sitting here and you might say what's wrong with him, and I'll figure out what I was saying and start going again.''' ,'''Look, I think playing the way I played, and knowing the game the way I know it, I think I'm going to have a better idea as to what the mindset of each player was.''' ,'''When you have just a beard and no moustache, it's not good. But when I do grow my peach fuzz, the girls seem to swarm a lot more.''' ,'''I had a set schedule since I was 15, since I started playing junior hockey. When you don't have that sometimes you try to find something new and it's difficult.''' ,'''You miss the routine. That's the biggest thing. That's probably the biggest thing that put me into a hole, that you don't have a routine, you don't get up and work out and then eat and then go to the rink and practice an all those things in a set schedule.''' ,'''As social media grew and people learned of our travels, my wife would get requests from friends for suggestions about their travels. So she would help them connect with the right people and set up the right trip.''' ,'''I'm very interested one day in becoming a GM. I have a lot to learn and need to put some work in. But down the road at some point, under the right circumstances, it's definitely something I'm interested in pursuing.''' ,]
+++