+++
author = "Bruce Greenwood"
title = "Bruce Greenwood Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Bruce Greenwood Quotes"
keywords = "bruce greenwood,bruce greenwood quotes,bruce greenwood quote,bruce greenwood sayings,bruce greenwood saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm just a husband waltzing in the background.''' ,'''I think on some level, that's a fear that exists in everybody, that if we're tested, we won't make the courageous choice. We won't make the decision that would make us heroic. We make the decision that would reveal us to be all too human.''' ,'''Racing Stripes was so much fun to do. It's one of the funniest movies I've seen in a couple years.''' ,'''I do a lot of serious stuff, but I'm not a very serious guy.''' ,'''I was thinking about doing another film at the same time, which was the sequel to Basic Instinct and I just had a feeling that wasn't going to happen. You know, I just kind of read the writing on the wall.''' ,'''It's just like any relationship, the more contained the environment, the more the good stuff appears and the more the bad stuff will reveal itself.''' ,'''If you don't pay attention and if your imagination isn't pretty much engaged, you're going to miss things and you're going to miss opportunities for it to be as compelling and as creepy as it can be.''' ,'''Did I get jiggy with Will? I would have to say no! Did I have fun with Will? I would have to say yeah! But you know, I did not jig with the man, if you know what I'm saying!''' ,'''Animals... don't have a sense of time. You just have to do things over and over with animals until they happen to do it right because they don't really know what you want.''' ,'''With a contained environment, there is the promise of friction. And that is where the drama comes from.''' ,'''You kind of invite a little spooky, creepy vibe into your whole experience of making a movie.''' ,'''When they discover I have a green card there may be some problems.''' ,]
+++