+++
author = "Michael Cohen"
title = "Michael Cohen Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Michael Cohen Quotes"
keywords = "michael cohen,michael cohen quotes,michael cohen quote,michael cohen sayings,michael cohen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If somebody does something Mr. Trump doesn't like, I do everything in my power to resolve it to Mr. Trump's benefit. If you do something wrong, I'm going to come at you, grab you by the neck and I'm not going to let go until I'm finished.''' ,'''My wife, my daughter, and my son have my first loyalty and always will.''' ,'''Mr. Trump never made any derogatory or disparaging comments about Mexican immigrants... He was talking about Mexico. They're allowing people to pour through their borders, and that's a problem for our national security.''' ,'''Donald Trump is a champion for legal immigrants.''' ,'''In all honesty, Hilary Clinton can't fill a Starbucks even if they offered free ventis.''' ,'''I don't agree with those who demonize or vilify the FBI.''' ,'''People change their positions all the time, the way they change their wives.''' ,'''We are in really bad shape as a country. We are not respected around the world. We are not respected in our own country.''' ,'''I put family and country first.''' ,'''I want to regain my name and my reputation and my life back.''' ,'''I've never been paid by or colluded with any Russian to hack the D.N.C., to create search-engine optimization tools to cause Trump's positives up and Hillary's negatives up. I've never been to Prague.''' ,'''I've never been to Prague, and I've never been to Russia.''' ,'''Mr. Trump is more than just a boss to those of us who have been fortunate enough to be close to him, both professionally and personally. He's more like a patriarch, a mentor. These qualities make him very endearing to me, which is why I am so fiercely loyal to him and committed to protecting him at all costs.''' ,'''I will not be a punching bag as part of anyone's defense strategy.''' ,'''As an American, I repudiate Russia's or any other foreign government's attempt to interfere or meddle in our democratic process, and I would call on all Americans to do the same.''' ,'''Donald Trump is actually the voice of the silent majority, and I think he's awoken that silent majority. People are very angry, and the people who are the most angry are actually the legal immigrants who see their jobs fleeing.''' ,'''I will do anything to protect Mr. Trump.''' ,'''I'm obviously very loyal and very dedicated to Mr. Trump. I think he's going to be not just a good president, I think he's going to be a great president.''' ,'''Mr. Trump's memory is fantastic. I've never come across a situation that Mr. Trump has said something that is not accurate.''' ,]
+++