+++
author = "Ricky Hatton"
title = "Ricky Hatton Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Ricky Hatton Quotes"
keywords = "ricky hatton,ricky hatton quotes,ricky hatton quote,ricky hatton sayings,ricky hatton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everything I've done in my career has been for nothing.''' ,'''Jose Mourinho is the Floyd Mayweather Jr of football management. You either love him or hate him.''' ,'''We all have to grow up some time.''' ,'''Everyone knows my story and lots of people have been disappointed in my deterioration as a man. But they can see I'm trying to get better.''' ,'''Boxers don't tend to come from Cambridge or Oxford. Sometimes the things we say don't come out well. We are not known for our vocabulary.''' ,'''The thing is with boxers we don't come from Cambridge and places like that, we come from council estates. So in boxing it's very, very hard.''' ,'''My passion is promoting and training.''' ,'''I'm not going to say I was Britain's greatest ever world champion. I think Joe Calzaghe was the best - although I think I fought a lot better fighters.''' ,'''It's an individual sport so you get in the ring on your own and then when you retire you tend to spend the rest of your life on your own.''' ,'''When I stepped up a division I can remember suffering the worst fatigue I had ever felt. I noticed it massively.''' ,'''We are very proud of our roots in Manchester. We like to back our own.''' ,'''I feel I let everyone British sport, British boxing, my community, my home town of Manchester, my family my kids, I feel I've let everyone down with the troubles I've been in.''' ,'''Before I turned professional I used to do carpet fitting for my dad. I wasn't much good, it's a miracle I've still got 10 fingers.''' ,'''I want to be recognised as a great fighter; and not just in England.''' ,'''I'd go into the pub and start crying even before I'd had my first drink.''' ,'''I was fortunate enough to fight at Madison Square Garden, Vegas and the City of Manchester Stadium.''' ,'''I was getting depressed, I was going out, having a few drinks and the worst thing you can do with depression is add alcohol to it.''' ,'''I like to think I know my boxing.''' ,'''It's unusual for me to be in front of an audience without somebody trying to knock my teeth out.''' ,'''Once I got beat by Mayweather I felt so ashamed. I cancelled all my functions, all my appearances, I didn't want to walk down the street. I was too embarrassed to even go and have a pint with my mates.''' ,'''For all the success, I never acted any differently. I've always done the same things and I can honestly say I've not changed in the slightest. Sometimes that's the problem.''' ,'''When I got successful and people started talking about me, I didn't want anyone thinking I thought I was a 'big time Charlie.'''' ,'''I'm known for my strength and it helped that from a young age I was carrying around crates of beer or carpets and heavy rolls of underlay.''' ,'''I've fought at such a high level I couldn't have people look at me and say, 'well, he's just fought someone to knock them over.'''' ,'''First time I had my defeat, it was very hard to come to terms with.''' ,'''Just like footballers want to play at Wembley, the Nou Camp and the Bernabeu, boxers have their dream arenas too.''' ,'''Fame has never been high on my agenda.''' ,'''People say nice things about me but they don't know what's been going on between my ears.''' ,'''Life kicks you hard but you have to be a man to come back.''' ,'''We're out of our comfort zones with depression. I certainly was and whenever I have bad days now I speak to someone to get it off my chest.''' ,'''Would I change anything? I don't know, that's a double edge sword for me.''' ,'''If I'm going to end my career, I want to end my career at the top.''' ,'''I feel happier about things, I don't blame myself over the losses.''' ,'''I could come in the gym to train with the boys and they'd think I was alright, but I'd go home and sit there crying.''' ,'''I want to go down as a champion who redeemed himself, made up for letting everyone down and regained his self-respect.''' ,'''Life has kicked me hard, hasn't it? Some of it's my fault, some of it's not my fault.''' ,'''If boxing had a professional boxing association or something like that, I think it would be a better place.''' ,'''You write an autobiography because you want to tell people how you felt about a certain matter at that time.''' ,'''Kostya Tszyu was the best payday of my career to that point, even though I thought it should have been better.''' ,'''My fallout with my family was heart-breaking.''' ,'''I'm very fortunate. I've looked after my money and I'm happy with where my career is at as a trainer and a promoter.''' ,'''I wouldn't say Floyd Mayweather Jr is running scared of Amir Khan. Floyd doesn't need to run from anybody. Look at the names he has beaten during his career and it is an impressive list.''' ,'''I don't want to go on forever and leaving the sport is the hardest decision.''' ,'''People say maybe I could have got better performances out of myself or I could have a got few more fights out of myself if I looked after my body a little bit more but at the end of the day it was because I was jack the lad.''' ,'''It doesn't matter how many people say 'well, everyone makes mistakes Ricky, you've had a great career you should be proud of yourself' but that doesn't mean much compared to what goes on between my ears.''' ,'''I've been asked by 'Big Brother,' 'I'm a Celebrity - Get Me Out of Here!,' 'Strictly' and 'Dancing on Ice,' but it's not for me.''' ,'''I can remember how I felt the first time I was knocked out by Floyd Mayweather Jr. My first fight afterwards was against Juan Lazcano at the City of Manchester Stadium. Every time I got punched I felt like I would wobble.''' ,'''Everyone wants to be a world champion, but when you take that first punch it will tell you if you really want to be in this sport or not. For me, there was no doubt.''' ,'''My second pro fight was at Madison Square Garden, on the undercard of Naseem Hamed's fight against Kevin Kelley.''' ,'''They say 'you've over trained, you've left it in the gym' is the most common phrase used in boxing but my god it is the truest.''' ,'''Ultimately when I fell out with my parents, I hit rock bottom. I didn't care whether I lived or died to be honest with you.''' ,'''I want my kids to be proud of me.''' ,'''You can't kid the public. When they see me they see I'm just a kid off a council estate - no more, no less.''' ,'''My game was all about strength and mauling opponents.''' ,'''I never manufactured my persona.''' ,'''It's a hard game, boxing. You're up every morning running every day, you train in the afternoon, you're dieting, you're up and down in weight and it can wear you down.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to hit rock bottom to think: 'Blimey, Ricky, get a grip.'''' ,'''I was always very depressed, even when I was a youngster.''' ,'''My style appealed to people. That's why I had the fanbase.''' ,'''The high of victory in the ring was bigger than the biggest party. You'd get in the ring and hear thousands of fans chanting your name and I'd be giving it all back for them.''' ,'''I went to the darts, went to the football, had a little pint, no airs and graces. I think that's why I had the fan base I had.''' ,'''Pacquiao has been stopped a 'couple of times by body shots and has been knocked out and I don't think there's anything you can do to improve your ribs or chin.''' ,'''The manner of my defeat against Mayweather and certainly Manny Pacquiao was a bitter pill to swallow.''' ,'''To have a heavyweight world champion from Manchester is something you can only dream of.''' ,'''Depression is a very serious thing. People don't realise how deadly it can be.''' ,'''I've never been a red carpet hugger unless it is for charity.''' ,'''It doesn't matter how many people say 'don't be hard on yourself,' I feel like I have to redeem myself to my fans, my family and the whole of British sport.''' ,'''Depression is a serious thing and, after my defeat to Pacquiao, I was facing retirement and didn't cope with it very well.''' ,'''I don't mind getting beaten by Manny Pacquiao, Floyd Mayweather Jr and people like that, but I'd hate to go into a training camp with my heart not fully in it and risk getting beaten by somebody who shouldn't be beating me.''' ,'''Growing up in a pub taught me a lot about life.''' ,'''As I went into my role as a trainer I had to get more professional as people were putting their livelihood in my hands.''' ,'''I don't want to be fighting at four or six-round levels - I want to fight for world titles.''' ,'''You know if you want to be a boxer the first time you get hit on the nose.''' ,'''Sir Alex Ferguson sent me a letter wishing me good luck before my fight with Floyd Mayweather Jr. He also sent me a United shirt, signed by all of the players. It was a really nice touch and typical of the man who has always made himself available to managers in this country whenever they've needed advice.''' ,'''Having been a world champion, I would love to go on and train a world champion too.''' ,'''There's no better feeling in the world than when I walk in a pub, or a nightclub or a bar or a supermarket, anywhere, and you see people out the corner of your eye and they're going, 'Hey, there's Ricky Hatton. Isn't he a good lad, coming for a pint with us in here?' It makes you feel proud.''' ,'''We think, 'I'm Ricky Hatton or I'm Tyson Fury, I can take on the world.' You can take on the world in the ring but this problem called depression, you can't take it on.''' ,'''No. 1 career highlight? It would have to be getting the MBE from Prince Charles at Buckingham Palace.''' ,'''Because of my style, I always make hard work of my contests.''' ,'''Muhammad Ali was the one who started it, winding up his opponents, but he always did it with a twinkle in his eye and a bit of class about him. Mayweather is just insulting from start to finish.''' ,'''He's a very, very clever fighter, Manny, but you'd have to say the cleverest fighter in boxing is Mayweather. He adapts his style against whatever opponent he faces.''' ,'''Boxing has been very, very good to me.''' ,'''My mum and dad had four pubs when we were growing up, but the main one was the New Inn in Hattersley, on the estate. It was a very good pub.''' ,'''I can remember crying in the Kippax at Maine Road when City were relegated to the old First Division in 1996. Dropping out of the Premier League seemed like the worst thing imaginable - and what didn't help was the fact United were winning just about everything going at the same time.''' ,'''I always laugh at people who strive to be famous because all you do is get mithered to death by everyone.''' ,'''Winning the world title was my goal as a kid, but being the pound-for-pound champion would be the ultimate.''' ,'''I will always wonder what might have been if I had faced Manny Pacquiao at my best. But there is no doubt in my mind that the Pacman will still go down as one of boxing's all-time greats.''' ,'''I can still remember the time when some City fans thought it would be a good idea if I bought the club. I don't know how much money they thought I had - but I certainly don't think we'd be enjoying the success that we are under Sheikh Mansour.''' ,'''I've always been the local lad, boy done well, kid next door.''' ,'''If, and when, I do eventually decide to retire, the announcement will be made by myself. I feel that I have earned the right to do it myself.''' ,'''Right from the beginning I wanted to test myself against the best, against real champions.''' ,'''I know how hard it is to come back from a brutal KO.''' ,'''I want people to look at me as a four-time world champion, in two weight categories, as a down-to-earth man of the people, not the joke that I had become.''' ,'''I had an exciting style, I was very aggressive, a body puncher, and I attacked all the time.''' ,'''It got to a point where I didn't care if I lived or I died.''' ,'''People say, 'We remember the good times.' Well I remember the bad times.''' ,'''People with success are less able to cope because you're used to being on Mount Everest and when it's gone, what do you do?''' ,'''It makes me very, very happy to get someone a world title shot, which I've done with a few fighters, or a European title shot or a British title, and I see them lift that belt above their waist and they come to me and say 'Thanks Ricky. I've just paid my mortgage off with that.' That's what its all about.''' ,'''I always loved training to get fit, make all those sacrifices that you do, but it just wasn't there after Pacquiao.''' ,'''Mayweather was my first professional defeat and I took it really, really hard.''' ,]
+++