+++
author = "Brendan Hunt"
title = "Brendan Hunt Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Brendan Hunt Quotes"
keywords = "brendan hunt,brendan hunt quotes,brendan hunt quote,brendan hunt sayings,brendan hunt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's one thing to be dumb or ignorant or be in over your head. But if you can be the person who knows how much he does not know and be curious about the things you do not know, then that automatically lends itself to being a big-hearted, welcoming person who wants to know about every single person you meet.''' ,'''I learned this lesson too late, frankly: Do not judge it while you're doing it. Do not go back and fix things that are 20 pages ago when you're already 20 pages past that.''' ,'''It sounds cheesy, but have a hobby you like. Fill yourself with that, distract yourself, get away from it completely - go hiking, play scary German card games, or create things.''' ,'''That would be a really ugly headline: 'American Actor Dies the Dumbest Way Possible.'''' ,'''I come from Chicago and am a child of Irish Catholic parents who were able to wield guilt like a Ginsu knife.''' ,'''The hesitancy that was felt by clubs before we actually shot the first one essentially went away as soon as they saw it. That has now worked as a real calling card for us because now the Premier League knows about 'Ted Lasso.'''' ,'''And in Amsterdam, you learn that a night out dancing is good for the soul.''' ,'''Until the writers room sets it down on a sheet of paper and then it gets in front of a camera, it's all vaporware.''' ,'''Soccer. I was a late convert. I didn't get into it until I lived in Amsterdam for a while in my 20s, and now I'm a zealot. It's the best.''' ,'''Gucci! Paul Smith! I love it! You discover it's not just names; that stuff looks pretty good once it's on you.''' ,'''The same thing that happened to Ted Lasso in the show, his expansion beyond those initial perceptions, happened to 'Ted Lasso,' the show. People thought it would be one thing, but no, it's a whole lot more.''' ,'''Soccer is the most improvisational sport. There are no set plays. And in soccer, as in improv, you are trying to find the flow.''' ,'''I guess I believe that whatever crazy things you're getting up to outside of work doesn't inherently mean that you're some kind of jerk or anything. Everyone's going to live differently.''' ,'''I believe my last name Hunt is an anglicized version of O'Fianna.''' ,'''I have Irish on both sides of my family.''' ,'''If people are just trying to find things we get wrong or whatever because we're not doing enough facsimile of football, well, if you want a really good facsimile of football, what you should check out is football.''' ,'''If we get out there trying to be inspirational, then we probably won't be.''' ,'''My mom's family was 100 percent Irish, in the American way of being Irish, and then my dad was half Irish.''' ,'''Output is more important than ideas.''' ,'''No matter what kind of tough times you're going through, if you can get a night out with friends and really just lose yourself in the music, that's just straight-up good for you, you know?''' ,'''We knew that Ted Lasso was at least an optimistic guy and an enthusiastic guy, and the show was going to emanate from his energy.''' ,'''Trying to demonstrate good leadership was not our raison d'etre. We're still just trying to make a comedy.''' ,'''You know, I do not have the CV of a man who has been working really regularly.''' ,'''We all should be taking a good, long, hard look at ourselves and figuring out what we are and how we got the way we are. And make damn well sure that we're doing at least something to make what's going on inside a little bit of a better situation.''' ,'''I've now spent almost a full year of the last two years of my life in London, and I still have to think really, really hard before I cross the street. There are too many instincts fighting each other, and I don't want to die.''' ,'''One thing that being curious and not judgmental does is it has an ancillary effect of reminding you that a lot of anger isn't really worth it.''' ,'''You do always notice particularly talented people; you don't always necessarily think you're as good as that person, but you certainly want to be, and those people stay in your memory.''' ,'''I'd be somewhat disinclined to be responsible for the fortunes of a franchise that uses a sitcom as their philosophical north star.''' ,'''I can neither confirm nor deny that if you entered data into an algorithm for 'building the perfect actor' it would produce Brett Goldstein.''' ,'''I like Jimmy Stewart!''' ,'''I lived in Amsterdam for five years doing comedy out there.''' ,'''Sarah Niles is a rock. She's just great. And she's actually quite a hoot, off-camera.''' ,'''I all but literally had a conversation with myself of like, 'You have to stop thinking about 'Ted Lasso.' It's not healthy to think about 'Ted Lasso,' it's not going to happen, it's just not going to happen, man.'''' ,'''In 2013, I got a phone call out of the blue from Jason Sudeikis. He said there was an NBC commercial that they wanted him to do, and if we did it, we'd get to go to London for three days. I thought, 'Wow, three days in London. Unbelievable!'''' ,'''Jason Sudeikis said an SNL go-to for naming people was: regular first name, noun last name. My noun was Beard.''' ,'''I don't necessarily believe in moderation, but I do believe in the dangers of excess, and that's with some good things too.''' ,'''My mom and dad were very young when they had me.''' ,'''Anything's a problem if you do it too much.''' ,'''And when you start the season writing process, you just pitch a bunch of different ideas. In the end, you probably have 20 ideas that you like.''' ,'''There are some showrunners who run their room like dictators, from what I hear.''' ,'''I learned early on that it's important to respect every idea as if it could potentially be worth something later.''' ,'''Sometimes you know a friend so well, you take for granted, 'Oh, they're just like this, and they're going to be okay.'''' ,'''You know, I once did a short film with Kay Cannon. It was set at a gynecologist's office and I was her nurse in hospital scrubs.''' ,'''There is nothing in this world that is good nor bad but thinking makes it so.''' ,'''Barry Jenkins was pretty cool.''' ,'''No one paid me to bite their butt - we're not going that far. But I've gone to some places, I've seen some things.''' ,'''My dad had just come back from Vietnam, and I think he had PTSD that he never treated, in that sort of macho-denial way. So they were divorced by the time I was 2, and my mom tried to raise me and my younger sister by herself. That proved very taxing, so there was a lot of moving around.''' ,'''The show was called 'Jean-Paul Sartre and Ringo.' Bonnie Hunt was in the cast and she made the biggest impression on me. That show just blew me away. I couldn't believe these people were doing this. So that had a big effect on me.''' ,'''Oh, my God, I've mixed up my 'Star Wars' movies. Oh, no, the Internet is gonna come for me.''' ,'''Any time I'm at a bar, I'm hoping somebody asks me about the offside rule. Give me four bottles of beer and one bottle of ketchup and I'm going to explain this to you so well because I love explaining soccer.''' ,'''One thing my old improv teacher taught me is when you're not in the improv scene and you're standing back watching your partners, you ask, 'What does the scene need?'''' ,'''Thierry Henry, I mean, he's someone who I became a fan of when I was getting into soccer while living in Amsterdam.''' ,'''One thing you learn from comedy writing, or sketch writing, is just to be vicious about cutting. Do not get sentimental about cutting. That bit doesn't work, get it out.''' ,'''I think it used to be an accepted leadership tactic to essentially abuse people.''' ,'''It's a lot easier to change and improve a thing that is already finished as opposed to something you're in the middle of.''' ,'''The conclusion you first draw about someone is often informed merely by what you're bringing to it, and it will lead you to underestimating the full depth of the people you have so judged.''' ,'''And though I was not a Man United fan, and I'm still not, I just was fascinated by Roy Keane.''' ,'''The fact that Americans do have this ingrained optimism, even against a lot of actual information about how things work, is not that bad of a quality. You know, I think it is one of our better qualities.''' ,'''When the mask comes down when the plane's in turbulence, you've gotta put it on yourself first or you're not going to be able to do much good, even for the kid screaming next to you.''' ,'''I think it's not controversial to say there's a lot of us who need to be reminded that we're wasting our time and making things worse for ourselves if we're carrying anger around with us all the time.''' ,'''The true answer is I like being involved in a project where I can contribute on both sides of the camera. The more immersed I can be, the better.''' ,'''The more Arsenal games I see, the more it chips away at my impostor syndrome, a common plague among Arsenal fans with non-U.K. origins.''' ,]
+++