+++
author = "Sherlyn Chopra"
title = "Sherlyn Chopra Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Sherlyn Chopra Quotes"
keywords = "sherlyn chopra,sherlyn chopra quotes,sherlyn chopra quote,sherlyn chopra sayings,sherlyn chopra saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''None of the Bollywood heroines have butts like Salma Hayek and J Lo.''' ,'''In our pursuit of happiness, we fall in love, get out of tiring relationships, change our jobs, our friends and our lifestyless.''' ,'''I shot for 'Kamasutra 3D' for barely 5 days. After which, a series of irreconcilable differences had risen between the makers of the film and myself.''' ,'''I'm sure critics feel that there's more to me than superficial glamor.''' ,'''A great spa session followed by fine dining followed by passionate love-making is undoubtedly an ideal date plan.''' ,'''Hugh Hefner was a trailblazer. He followed his bliss and his bliss lead him to a billion-dollar fortune.''' ,'''I'm quite conventional at heart.''' ,'''I believe that one should not interrupt the greatness of a woman who has everything going for herself until one is ready to add value to her life.''' ,'''During my initial days of modeling, I started dating men much older than my age who would pamper me silly with expensive gifts.''' ,'''I am today's youth. At 26, I understand their pulse. We don't look for a reason to celebrate life. We just do it.''' ,'''As I am a seeker of truth, I refuse to believe in every bit of dogma as a fact.''' ,'''I'm a person who values excellence, freedom and liberation.''' ,'''I would like to feel special everyday and to feel so I must choose to walk in love every single day.''' ,'''For quite sometime, I've secretly wished for a bigger butt.''' ,'''I am not worried about the world.''' ,'''All through my teenage life, I've had a flat chest.''' ,'''It does not matter where my date would take me out for dinner; a five star hotel or a road side dhaaba or some place else. What matters is how my date would treat me all along the journey.''' ,'''Let me assure you that Mr. Hefner is the most decent man I've ever met in my whole life.''' ,'''The cowards and the impatient can enjoy one night stands as it takes a great deal of patience, unconditional love, trust, fearlessness and a deep sense of individuality to maintain relationships.''' ,'''I want to interact with the divine energy everyday.''' ,'''Initially, when I was a nobody in the eyes of the world, I would often approach filmmakers hoping that they would see in me the potential that I saw in me.''' ,'''There should be complete freedom of thought for a progressive society.''' ,'''My words have always either attracted a strong mind or offended a weak one.''' ,'''I understand the insecurities that come with being a part of showbiz. You need not just talent but a little bit of madness to be on top of the game.''' ,'''My regular diet mostly comprises of high protein and adequate carbohydrates.''' ,'''To look good in a swimsuit one needs to know what suits one's particular shape.''' ,'''As a little girl, I aspired to be a doctor not just because my late father was a doctor but because I was mainly intrigued by science.''' ,'''I like to set challenging targets every time I swim or run on the treadmill or indulge in weight training.''' ,'''The word 'love' scares me.''' ,'''In April 2005, I lost my father and after a few days, I went to Sajid Khan's place to discuss a film role. I wanted to keep myself busy with work so that I could forget the pain of losing a parent. When I went to meet him, he randomly asked me to touch his private parts.''' ,'''I spent around Rs 25 lakh and went in for a plastic surgery at a Hyderabad hospital, and now I am the proud owner of a perfect heart-shaped bum.''' ,'''Had my father been alive, he would have been super proud to see me create history by being the first Indian to have shot for 'Playboy.'''' ,'''I've begun to realize that there cannot be a greater asset than individuality.''' ,'''To be able to choose flattering clothes is necessary.''' ,'''I'm an Indian and I shall not do anything that goes against my ethos.''' ,'''There is a huge contrast between what others think who I am and my real self.''' ,'''Girls are smitten by guys who pay attention to the simple things in life which are mostly the small things that we tend to ignore.''' ,'''I was very studious.''' ,'''I stopped worrying about people; I started thinking that I would be answerable only to myself.''' ,'''Well-fitting and nice-looking swimwear is of utmost importance as it is the only item one wears on the beach.''' ,'''I don't mind being compared to anyone and it doesn't make any difference to me.''' ,'''I have no secret to staying fit.''' ,'''I've got to work harder and smarter to get to the place where I truly belong.''' ,'''The society we live in has always taught us to believe that a woman of substance is one who has great virtues and moral values.''' ,'''I have read somewhere that every thought in the human mind has a frequency. And it emits a certain kind of energy. And the Universe responds to the energy accordingly. No wonder why it is the thought that leads to action and not vice versa.''' ,'''I do not want to limit my celebration of 'love' to just twenty-four hours in a year. I would like to pamper and be pampered all through the year. And so, the concept of Valentine's Day does not interest me at all.''' ,'''I look up to entrepreneurs who command respect and attention for daring to think out of the box and act accordingly.''' ,'''I don't want to be part of films that are just manufactured, and not made with true passion; I only want to be part of interesting, intriguing storytelling.''' ,'''I must visit a psychiatrist to check if there's any sanity left in me.''' ,'''I feel that belief is such a powerful force that it can spread the light even in the most hopeless situations.''' ,'''I enjoy eating fresh fruits, salads, lean protein, leafy vegetables, brown rice/brown bread and eggless cakes.''' ,'''Unconventionality is no longer a taboo. It is being applauded and celebrated by both the classes and the masses.''' ,'''I don't want to be promiscuous.''' ,'''I want to tell such people to grow up and change their mindset when you deal with women.''' ,'''Raj Kundra was my mentor. He had misguided me, saying whatever I was shooting was for glamour. He even told me that Shilpa Shetty likes my videos and photos.''' ,'''All I know that whatever I do will be excellent work.''' ,'''Imagine my name being taken in the same breath as Marilyn Monroe and Madonna.''' ,'''My birthdays were always celebrated with much pomp.''' ,'''When I met Raj Kundra for the first time, I thought my whole life would change. I thought I'd get big breaks. I never thought Shilpa Shetty's husband would make me do wrong things.''' ,'''Yes, I express myself through tweets and other media. But it's just because I love expressing myself; it's a non-stop urge in me.''' ,'''I found Hugh Hefner to be a charming gentleman.''' ,'''My sole agenda is to constantly break stereotypes.''' ,'''During a workout session, my focus is on having a good time.''' ,'''I wanted to do something risque in 2012 and that's when the thought of being a Playboy cover girl crossed my mind.''' ,'''Nice, beautiful girls get bullied online because all it takes is one jerk with a log-in and a grudge to launch a vicious, nameless attack.''' ,'''To be making my debut at Cannes at the time of the celebration of hundred years of Hindi cinema is going to be an incredible experience that will truly enrich and enlighten me in more ways than one.''' ,'''I do not speak Malayalam and am putting strenuous effort in developing command over the language.''' ,'''Power derives from money. I always wanted to make a lot of money on my own, to have power from that.''' ,'''I'd love to get married someday.''' ,'''In the midst of all our emotional upheaval caused by ambition, aggression, rejection, transition, addiction, limitation and competition, the one thing that remains constant within us is our deep desire to be happy.''' ,'''It takes a great deal of courage to love.''' ,'''It wasn't easy to live with my mother under one roof.''' ,'''I'd like my man to be very simple yet highly ambitious, one who chooses to live with real integrity and humanity.''' ,'''I want to go ahead in life and not look back.''' ,'''The bottom line is that I'm not putting my life at risk in my quest for perfection. However, I 'm not endorsing cosmetic surgeries. At the same time I don't condemn them either.''' ,'''As it is, I'm the most comfortable being nude.''' ,'''I remember the one time, when I was in the 10th grade and the school president, my entire school had surprised me with a birthday song during the morning assembly. It will always be a very special memory!''' ,'''Raj Kundra kept telling me that Shilpa Shetty liked my videos and photos. This gave me more motivation to work on such videos. When you are motivated by people like Shilpa Shetty, you don't understand what's right and wrong. When I was praised for making such videos, it gave me a push to do more.''' ,'''I believe in miracles. And I believe miracles happen in a believer's life.''' ,'''I did B-list films because I couldn't find A-list ones. And then when I approached A-list directors with the experience I had gained, I was told that it was too late because I had done B-list films.''' ,'''My 'Playboy' cover shoot experience was nothing short of a paid luxury vacation.''' ,''''Bad Girl,' the Mollywood flick to be helmed by filmmaker Shajiyem wherein I essay the role of a super model, will be released simultaneously in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Hindi.''' ,'''I'm glad to be a part of the era which has witnessed a huge revolution. Be it politics, cinema, sports, business or any other arena, women across the globe including India are in great form mentally, physically and consciously to undertake greater responsibilities and tougher challenges that are often encountered on paths less travelled.''' ,'''I was always curvy but I wanted to change the way my derriere looked.''' ,'''I think one should not think too much about others, whether industry will give me work or not or people will respect me or not.''' ,'''Judging people is not an awesome job, it only demands being level headed and a good listener and observer.''' ,'''I'm today's woman, candid and a woman of substance.''' ,'''A woman with an hourglass figure can wear almost any type of swimwear and look good.''' ,'''I had to overcome this fear. Fear of what people think.''' ,'''I not only excelled in academics but also in extra-curricular activities.''' ,'''I am not competing with anybody from India.''' ,'''For some, a perfect body means having muscle mass and fat in proportion to one's height. For others, it may mean more than just muscle mass and body fat. For me, it's also about having amazing features.''' ,'''Most people who join health clubs discontinue following their workout schedules after the initial week or month. That is because, after a while, the excitement fades out and monotony creeps in.''' ,'''I believe that every woman should be proud of her sexuality and that's one of the several ways to feel liberated.''' ,'''I am very, very inspired by Rihanna, Lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus because they seem very fearless.''' ,'''I love to engage in creativity everyday.''' ,'''The pulse of the youth is racing towards liberalization. And I'm truly loving it.''' ,'''During my school days, I was the darling of the pastor in my church.''' ,'''For everybody wanting to make herself counted you have to put your success before you.''' ,'''There is no harm in admitting one's mistakes.''' ,]
+++