+++
author = "James William Middleton"
title = "James William Middleton Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 James William Middleton Quotes"
keywords = "james william middleton,james william middleton quotes,james william middleton quote,james william middleton sayings,james william middleton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''All I want to do in my life is be known as me and for what I do.''' ,'''We're a really close family. And actually, we see each other and speak on the phone all the time... the odd Sunday lunch, or pop in for coffee or something like that.''' ,'''I was experimenting with ways of creating edible objects from digital content, and I was working to three criteria: 1. They had to be delicious. 2. They had to be personalized. 3. They had to fit through a letterbox or in a mailbox. After much experiments, Boomf! There it was: photo marshmallows.''' ,'''It's awkward going back up to Edinburgh to see my old friends, because I'm not on the same wavelength.''' ,'''I'm not interested in publicity for myself.''' ,'''I'm very proud of my dyslexia. I wouldn't have it any other way. It sits absolutely with what I do, how I think, and who I am.''' ,'''There is a talent in dyslexia - it can help you see things creatively. So I wouldn't change a thing.''' ,'''When I read out loud in class, it was a joy for everyone else because I would mispronounce things so badly. I used to try to count how many people were in front of me and then work out which paragraph I would have to read out and start trying to learn it. And I would sit there thinking, 'Please let the bell go so that it doesn't get round to me.'''' ,'''At the end of the day, whether it was in a little church or Westminster Abbey didn't matter: it was me, as a brother, doing a reading for my sister and her husband at their wedding, and I wanted to do it right.''' ,'''I used to spell everything phonetically, or I would have little tricks for words I could not figure out.''' ,'''I still see Prince George as my nephew, and I just want to be the best uncle possible.''' ,'''My mother and father have been fantastic help and a huge support for me. Like any other family, though, we have our moments, living and working together.''' ,'''Running your own business is a huge amount of fun, but there's also a huge amount of seriousness, so actually, they level out.''' ,'''I do make lots of spelling mistakes still - for a time, the word 'corporate' on my website was spelled 'corprate.' But I'm not embarrassed. The way I see it, it is part of me. The key is to become completely confident about it.''' ,'''I was fine with numbers, but it took me a longer time to grasp simple things like spellings.''' ,'''My family is usually the first guinea pigs to try out my new recipes.''' ,'''I have always joked that I have three mothers. I couldn't get away with anything as a kid. Whether I got a bad mark or was told off, it would always end up getting back to my parents.''' ,'''I have great childhood memories of my mother baking, and I was always a willing participant, especially if it meant I could revarnish the kitchen floor with treacle.''' ,'''Boomf is all about communicating via marshmallows.''' ,'''My sisters were very successful and confident. It was, 'Oh, you are Pippa's brother! Are you Catherine's brother?' And so I was automatically put into the top sports teams and academic sets.''' ,'''It is such a tricky transition between education and work.''' ,'''I work incredibly hard - just like every other person in business and work. And aside from the fact of, yes, I am the brother of someone very important, I am, at the end of the day, just James.''' ,'''Celebrations are great fun: bunting and this and that and the other.''' ,'''I looked at different products we could do, and the marshmallows were the most fun to develop.''' ,'''The only person who would employ me without a degree was myself.''' ,'''I want children.''' ,'''I want to be the cool uncle, the fun uncle.''' ,'''If the bride and groom are relaxed and happy, everything flows from there. Big or small, formal or informal - there is no right way. The most important thing is that the couple feels loved and enjoys their big day.''' ,'''Marriage is absolutely not something I'm scared of, but it isn't necessarily the be-all and end-all.''' ,'''I believe with baking there is a certain nostalgic fix.''' ,'''For Mum and Dad... work and home is family, so work is family and home is family. We grew up with that.''' ,'''Boomf is the noise a marshmallow makes when it falls through your letterbox.''' ,'''I support everything every single person in my family does and vice versa.''' ,'''It's always been, whether at school or now, that I am Pippa and Catherine's little brother.''' ,'''My parents started Party Pieces the same year I was born, so I have grown up with their entrepreneurial way of thinking, which, to me, became the norm.''' ,'''The great British public is renowned throughout the world for its sense of humour.''' ,'''I feel dyslexia is a strong point in me now. I usually joke that it's like a superpower - you only have it if you've got it!''' ,'''I want to be the best uncle possible, like any uncle wants to be.''' ,'''I often work 14-hour days, but the job is very fulfilling. I love being my own boss.''' ,'''To give people that first start in life is a tremendous privilege. It's one of the great joys of being part of a growing company.''' ,'''University is great, but it wasn't right for me.''' ,'''I think my family knows that I'm slightly off the wall with my way of thinking, so I think they're quite used to my weird and wonderful creations.''' ,'''My parents were always entrepreneurial.''' ,]
+++