+++
author = "Nicolas Sarkozy"
title = "Nicolas Sarkozy Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Nicolas Sarkozy Quotes"
keywords = "nicolas sarkozy,nicolas sarkozy quotes,nicolas sarkozy quote,nicolas sarkozy sayings,nicolas sarkozy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I committed myself totally, fully, but I didn't succeed in convincing a majority of French... I didn't succeed in making the values we share win.''' ,'''I'm ready to become a French person amongst French people, and more than ever I have the love for my country deeply ingrained in my heart.''' ,'''A page is turning for me. I won't be candidate in legislative elections, nor in any elections to come.''' ,'''France is the country with the highest taxes in Europe along with Sweden... something of which I am not proud.''' ,'''I hope that France - and all of Europe - we would take an initiative for the year 2012 to be the year of peace between Israel and the Palestinians.''' ,'''Francois Hollande is the president of the republic, he must be respected. I want to wish him good luck in the midst of these tests.''' ,'''France now has a new president and he must be respected. I assume full responsibility for this defeat.''' ,'''The French people need to have all the facts so they can choose. And I won't be running away from it or hiding from it.''' ,'''Francois Hollande is an intelligent man. I do not have a problem with him. The only thing is, he has never held office at the state level. Honestly, can you imagine Francois Hollande as president of France? Imagine it!''' ,'''I fought for the values of responsibility, and I'm not a man who does not accept his responsibilities.''' ,'''I love life too much to be bitter.''' ,'''I want to wage war against illiteracy, poverty, unemployment, unfair competition, communitarianism, delinquency.''' ,'''You won't hear from me again.''' ,'''You are the eternal France, I love you.''' ,'''In a presidential campaign, you can't lie. You can't hide what you are and what you want. You can't hide what kind of President you'll be. You can't keep on talking about nothing indefinitely and committing to nothing, you can't keep running away from debate, masking the challenges.''' ,'''Perhaps the mistake I made at the start of my mandate is not understanding the symbolic dimension of the president's role and not being solemn enough in my acts. A mistake for which I would like to apologise or explain myself and which I will not make again. Now, I know the job.''' ,'''I don't give any gifts to the rich.''' ,'''It's disrespectful to tell the French in the morning that you're going to reduce the debt, in the evening that you're not going to make any savings, and the next morning, after thinking about it, that you're going to spend more.''' ,'''I am not a man of my party. I do not talk only to socialists and union leaders.''' ,]
+++