+++
author = "Hassan Nasrallah"
title = "Hassan Nasrallah Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Hassan Nasrallah Quotes"
keywords = "hassan nasrallah,hassan nasrallah quotes,hassan nasrallah quote,hassan nasrallah sayings,hassan nasrallah saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you want my opinion, I say that this is a state based on occupation, that has usurped the rights of others.''' ,'''Lebanon is a small country, weak, an army with very humble capabilities.''' ,'''It's not the first time that I speak with American journalists. I've had meetings with many different newspapers and stations, and I've ha - never had a problem with meeting with American journalists.''' ,'''Israel should not feel satisfaction at my son's death, for he died on the battlefield, facing the conquerors as he wished, with a gun in his hand.''' ,'''Those who elected Hamas in Palestine did so on the basis of its political platform.''' ,'''What is being talked about now is the probability of the Sharon government launching an attack against Lebanon to eliminate the resistance of Hezbollah by using the American war against Iraq. But, of course, in this case, we will certainly fight with all our strength.''' ,'''I believe that Palestine is an occupied land from the Mediterranean Sea to the Jordan River, and this is the right of the entire Palestinian people, this land.''' ,'''The problem is we disagree about the origin. Is this occupied land or not?''' ,'''Peace cannot be unilateral.''' ,'''The U.N. Security Council did not to condemn the Qana massacre, due to the U.S. veto.''' ,'''Lebanon is caught in a cycle of threats. And it is our duty to be strong and capable of defending our country. But we will not clarify or explain what we do or do not possess.''' ,'''Among them, there were Muslims, Christians, and Jews living together. But then violent organizations came, bringing with them many large groups of people from various parts of the world to Palestine.''' ,'''You can look at the West Bank. Cities are like prisons. They can be closed quickly by the Israeli forces, and everything stops in these cities. This is the result of Oslo.''' ,'''When I was 10 or 11, my grandmother had a scarf. It was black, but a long one. I used to wrap it around my head and say to them that 'I'm a cleric, you need to pray behind me.'''' ,'''Israel remains a foreign body in this large area, and it always proved that it is unable to coexist with this environment, because the, the scope of the massacres that it has committed does not permit it to coexist.''' ,'''When a peace agreement is concluded between the Lebanese government and Israel, we would surely disagree with the Lebanese government about that, but we would not make any turmoil out of it.''' ,'''If you are asking for my point of view, I would say that the Palestinians should go back to Palestine.''' ,'''To talk about liberty and freedom is nice, lovely, but the important thing is to allow people to act in liberty and freedom.''' ,'''The ones who were negotiating are now on the front line of this intifada, because they found that the negotiations didn't give them the minimum of their rights.''' ,'''I am against any reconciliation with Israel.''' ,'''A majority of the Syrian people believe in the regime and support Bashar al-Assad.''' ,'''Would you allow a people to come from somewhere else and occupy a part of the United States, and set up an independent state, and, after 50 years, you would not be able to stay on this land?''' ,'''However, there is no legal and legitimate state called Israel.''' ,'''We did not start a fight with America, and we don't want a war with America. If someone launches an attack, though, we will respond. We will not take rejection or humiliation. We do not want to fight.''' ,'''It is unacceptable, it is forbidden, to harm the innocent.''' ,'''On this land, Muslims, Christians and Jews can coexist together, as they have - as they had for the - for hundreds of years in the framework of a democratic state.''' ,'''Israel lost their power to intimidate during the second war with Lebanon.''' ,'''Hezbollah is not fighting for Syria. Hezbollah is not fighting for Iran. Hezbollah is fighting for Lebanon.''' ,'''However, they did not treat the reasons that led to this condition. I believe that the conditions in the Palestinian territories are alway capable of explosion because the same circumstances are there.''' ,'''There should be resolutions adopted in top international institutions, which are binding on all states and governments in the world, to forbid the defamation of religions.''' ,'''In man - in the history of mankind, this has happened many times, and occupation leaders hang on to the land that they're occupying. People fight to liberate their land. But in the end, the people's will is what achieves victory.''' ,'''Force is the duty of the state, not Hizbullah.''' ,'''Any Israeli attack on Lebanon, Iran, Syria or Gaza will be met with a fierce response.''' ,'''That is why if Lebanon concludes a peace agreement with Israel and brings that accord to the Parliament our deputies will reject it; Hezbollah refuses any conciliation with Israel in principle.''' ,'''The real danger to the world's resistance movements is the attempt to distort reality and to place the blame on the resistance groups' actions without allowing them to portray their perspective, thus ignoring the reality of the occupation and the siege, like the situation in occupied Palestine.''' ,'''So long as there is imperialism in the world, a permanent peace is impossible.''' ,'''In the end, we are part of this region, and we are affected by its developments. What we may do or not do in the future depends on the nature of what happens here in the region.''' ,'''The fall of the Syrian regime is in the interest of America and Israel.''' ,'''The Palestinian must stop throwing stones, and the Israelis must stop firing rockets. And in the view of the Sharm el-Sheikh summit, rockets are equal to stones.''' ,]
+++