+++
author = "Jon Bon Jovi"
title = "Jon Bon Jovi Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Jon Bon Jovi Quotes"
keywords = "jon bon jovi,jon bon jovi quotes,jon bon jovi quote,jon bon jovi sayings,jon bon jovi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What drew me to politics in the first place was the fact that I wanted to have a place to take a stand and use my voice to express what I believed in. But I've no longer got any political aspirations. I feel that as a politician, fifty per cent of people would hate you before you even left the house.''' ,'''My philanthropy is no relation to anybody else's. None. My philanthropy and what we do at the foundation speaks for itself and has no relation to anyone's.''' ,'''This is the way I look at sex scenes: I have basically been doing them for a living for years. Trying to seduce an audience is the basis of rock 'n roll, and if I may say so, I'm pretty good at it.''' ,'''Nothing is as important as passion. No matter what you want to do with your life, be passionate.''' ,'''There's a vintage which comes with age and experience.''' ,'''I'm a football guy. Baseball, I enjoy it at playoff time.''' ,'''There's not a platinum record hanging in my house anywhere. It doesn't exist here. I'm over it. They're all in the garage, wrapped up in bubblewrap.''' ,'''You're never going to see the fat Elvis in me. People I admired like Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix and John Belushi all died at 27. I've got jeans older than that.''' ,'''My background's working class. My parents had to work to make ends meet. We don't come from any sense of privilege.''' ,'''I'd crawl over broken glass for Elle MacPherson or Cindy Crawford.''' ,'''Believe in love. Believe in magic. Hell, believe in Santa Clause. Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?''' ,'''Women have always ruled my life, be it my mother, my wife, my assistant, or my daughter, so I don't really fight with them. I relinquished control years ago.''' ,'''I went to Catholic school in and out. I'm what you call a recovering Catholic. I have many major issues with the church.''' ,'''If you wanted to torture me, you'd tie me down and force me to watch our first five videos.''' ,'''My health and my family are the core of my being.''' ,'''The only thing I like more than my wife is my money, and I'm not about to lose that to her and her lawyers, that's for damn sure.''' ,'''Tonight I'll dust myself off, tonight I'll suck my gut in, I'll face the night and I'll pretend I got something to believe in.''' ,'''Piano playing is a dying art. I love the fact that I can be one guy with one instrument evoking an emotional and musical experience.''' ,'''I was just another long-haired teenage kid with visions of grandeur, strumming a tennis racket or a broom in front of his bedroom mirror.''' ,'''Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.''' ,'''If you were to ask me about a mistake I have made, it's calling my fourth album, 'New Jersey', because for the first time in my life, we were compared to the E Street Band.''' ,'''You know these love letters mix with whisky, just don't light a match when you kiss me.''' ,'''If people have to tell you how successful they are, they really aren't that successful.''' ,'''The Rolling Stones set the bar to where I look to as a band. But I don't envision myself touring in the way they do. My knees won't hold out.''' ,'''I always think I'm the Tom Cruise of music - a lot of success and fans, but no critics, darling.''' ,'''Women rule the world. It's not really worth fighting because they know what they're doing. Ask Napoleon. Ask Adam. Ask Richard Burton or Richie Sambora. Many a man has crumbled.''' ,'''Don't waste your time away thinkin' 'bout yesterday's blues.''' ,'''I went to a radio station on Long Island in 1982, and thank goodness for me, it was so new that there was no receptionist. So the DJ opened up his booth, and took my tape and listened to it and thought it was a hit song.''' ,'''I like progress but I hate change.''' ,'''Guys will take one pair of jeans, five T-shirts and three pair of socks and that'll get you by for 10 weeks.''' ,'''I want to own an NFL franchise. I understand the business of football.''' ,'''For years, I've had a hankering for the portrait of Benjamin Franklin by Joseph Duplessis. Franklin is credited with so many inventions: the postal system, lightning rods, the constitution. He was a rock star before there was such a thing.''' ,'''We are at a crossroads in the music business: with the rise of the internet, the world we live in has changed, and the past is not coming back. But I see the glass as half-full: the internet and social networking are new avenues for the next Bob Dylan to be born on.''' ,'''I'm not a big disco guy.''' ,'''There are those who advocate, and those who do. I'm not trying to slight my peers, but there is a difference between using a soapbox and actually getting your hands dirty. I've spent not only years and millions of dollars but hours and hours and hours of my time doing what I do, and that's very different from what anyone else is doing.''' ,'''I pray every day, several times. It soothes me. I don't ask for anything, except for health.''' ,'''You just stay the course, and do what it is that you do, and grow while you're doing it. Eventually it will either come full circle, or at least you'll go to bed at night happy.''' ,'''Map out your future - but do it in pencil. The road ahead is as long as you make it. Make it worth the trip.''' ,'''New Jersey shaped who and what I am. Growing up in Jersey gave you all the advantages of New York, but you were in its shadow. Anyone who's come from here will tell you that same story.''' ,'''We've been gone five years and the best they could come up with was boy bands?''' ,'''Don't get too comfortable with who you are at any given time - you may miss the opportunity to become who you want to be.''' ,'''I don't work well outside the lines; my report card once read, 'doesn't play well with others.'''' ,'''Miracles happen everyday, change your perception of what a miracle is and you'll see them all around you.''' ,]
+++