+++
author = "Cesar Pelli"
title = "Cesar Pelli Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Cesar Pelli Quotes"
keywords = "cesar pelli,cesar pelli quotes,cesar pelli quote,cesar pelli sayings,cesar pelli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The truth is I don't really know where my own interest in tall buildings really comes from. It cannot come from my hometown because there were no tall buildings there!''' ,'''I'd never known of an architect as a young man. I think there was only one architect in Tucuman.''' ,'''Too many architects are just trying to make all of their buildings look like a brand, and that may be good for business, but that is terrible for the cities because they lose character. If I go to Paris, I go to see the beauty of Paris and the coherence of Paris.''' ,'''I always look forward to the next project. That is one of the wonderful things about architecture - you always can hope for another project to design.''' ,'''I would have loved to be the designer of the Capitol of the United States. I would love to do some important major public building.''' ,'''The Connecticut Center for Science and Exploration will be a building that will connect the excitement of science to the surrounding streets, river and highway. These forms are ambitious and dynamic. They appear to reach out beyond their physical limits.''' ,'''Architecture adds dimensions to my life that would be impossible to acquire if I retired. The beautiful thing about architecture is that every project is brand new. I am forced to renew myself with every project. Isn't that wonderful?''' ,'''When one deals with urban issues, one never deals with clear black-and-white issues; they're all trade-offs. Important urban issues present conflicting values.''' ,'''When I finished high school, I was 16, and in Argentina you have to choose a career right after high school. There is no such thing as a liberal arts education.''' ,'''I needed to understand the spirit of a tall building, what makes it important, what should I try to achieve in a tall building. It became a very interesting problem, something that I like very much.''' ,'''We are very proud of our design for the Transbay Transit Center. This will be a beautiful, functional and sustainable building for San Francisco.''' ,'''My buildings are like my children, so I cannot have favorites.''' ,'''I had come from Los Angeles - I had been there a partner of Gruen Associates, a large Los Angeles firm - and when the possibility of becoming a dean at Yale came, it was a very appropriate moment in my life. I was interested in a number of issues that I could not pursue while in a firm like Gruen's.''' ,'''I'm particularly interested in the public role that all buildings play. I believe that we architects should try to go beyond our basic obligations to the public, and our opportunities to do so are many.''' ,'''One of America's strengths has always been its openness to the new: both new ideas and new people.''' ,'''There may be some changes in building codes, but I don't see any stylistic departure that you'll be able to attribute to Sept. 11.''' ,'''I'm a very good listener, and I'm not interested in having fights simply for a question of protocol or vanity.''' ,'''We try to respond as closely as we can to the nature of each city, to the traditions, to their expectations. I don't believe that architects should be imposing their style or their plans on every city in the world.''' ,'''I'm a bad customer for my own buildings! If I'm choosing an apartment, I choose one about five or six stories high so that I can see the people, the trees, and the world on the street. Beyond that, I lose contact with the ground!''' ,'''I see my buildings as pieces of cities, and in my designs I try to make them into responsible and contributing citizens.''' ,'''I've always loved three-sided patios. Courtyard plans are very common, but it's rare that it has one side open.''' ,'''People get very excited about very high elements. That's why Mount Everest is so important - it's not the most difficult mountain, but it's the most famous because it's the tallest.''' ,'''The World Trade Center was for me not only out of scale vertically, but it was also out of scale in plan. It occupied several blocks that were all massed together.''' ,'''I realize that having a style would be very beneficial for my practice from a marketing standpoint, but I can't do it. I believe my responsibilities as an architect are to design the most appropriate building for the place. Each place has a distinct culture and function, which for me requires an appropriate answer.''' ,'''When I started designing in school, I discovered that I had a knack for it. I fell completely in love with architecture, and I remain in love with it.''' ,]
+++