+++
author = "Briga Heelan"
title = "Briga Heelan Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Briga Heelan Quotes"
keywords = "briga heelan,briga heelan quotes,briga heelan quote,briga heelan sayings,briga heelan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think I was born with a natural way of looking at something and trying to find the ways in which it was odd or funny, Even in the sad or angry stuff, I was, 'Well, but where is the funny part of this?'''' ,'''The stuff that I used to worry about before, it's like I don't worry about it anymore. Which is kind of a beautiful result of having a baby. It's like everything gets so simple. It's like, 'Great, I care about how you're doing. I care about getting you what you need, and the rest of this stuff, if it happens, great, if it doesn't happen, oh well.'''' ,'''I was lucky in that I didn't have to do too many outside-of-acting side jobs.''' ,'''For me, in my normal life, I'm very all-or-nothing. I'm super comfortable dressed to the nines - full hair and makeup. I love feeling really done up. And I love feeling undone. I love sweatpants and my hair in a topknot. I go with no makeup. Or I have a full look.''' ,'''I was in New York and was pursuing musical theater, and it didn't feel right. I felt I was forcing myself to do things and be things that I wasn't, all the time. I wasn't listening to what I wanted to do. I was listening to what I thought I should do.''' ,'''I like to take pictures of my Starbucks cups because, while I don't think my name is that difficult, apparently it is!''' ,'''With the wacky jokes that we do on 'Great News,' you do overall still want to be coming from a place of truth with your character because, otherwise, it's just off the walls.''' ,'''We have home videos that are really great tape on my parents being hysterical. So I think I always knew that my parents were funny, so I think that I always felt comfortable using comedy in my real life.''' ,'''I thought I was going to be in musical theater all the way, from beginning to end, and then it started not to feel right after my first year at conservatory.''' ,'''There's actually a name app for baby names. It's like Tinder for baby names. You swipe left and swipe right, and it makes a little list for you.''' ,'''For as long as I can remember, I've had John Michael Higgins in my brain in the funny department.''' ,'''I've always had a hard time just being angry or just being really sad - the bigger emotions.''' ,'''I remember being denied a protein bar that I went in to buy. I was so hungry, and it was before an audition, and I ran in and tried to buy this protein bar. And I checked my bank account, and it was negative 17 cents... And I remember getting on the phone with my mom and laughing that I have negative 17 cents.''' ,'''I love workout clothes you feel phenomenal in.''' ,]
+++