+++
author = "Michael Clarke Duncan"
title = "Michael Clarke Duncan Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Michael Clarke Duncan Quotes"
keywords = "michael clarke duncan,michael clarke duncan quotes,michael clarke duncan quote,michael clarke duncan sayings,michael clarke duncan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm used to being the big tough guy, the bodyguard type.''' ,'''I'm an emotional person, a very emotional person.''' ,'''I was up around 340 pounds because the producers said they wanted a really big guy - and I'm not that big, you know! I've lost it all now though. I'm 285 pounds, my sexy weight!''' ,'''Of course, people told me, 'Mikey, you will never be an actor. You don't have the look. You're ugly.'''' ,'''David Boreanaz is actually a very good director and he directed one of our episodes. Excellent director, knew exactly what he wanted. We never had long days with David. He was great, he knew exactly what he wanted and he's a fantastic director.''' ,'''I try to avoid typecasting by doing different roles.''' ,'''I came up during that time when music, to me, was really music. It wasn't about talking about a woman and calling them a derogatory name or something like that. It was real music.''' ,'''My sister used to say I had a frail chest and she 'd beat me up all the time.''' ,'''When I get the chance, I'm at the theaters all the time, trying to check out the latest movies.''' ,'''People always have an opinion. Doesn't mean it's right, doesn't mean it's wrong, but we have to respect their opinion.''' ,'''I think as an actor you want to keep being challenged.''' ,'''Whatever God gave you, you have to work that to your best ability - especially out here in Hollywood, the land of beautiful people.''' ,'''Once an actor told me he went to the Shakespeare School of Acting, and I said, 'I went to the Shakespeare of Acting, too' and he said, 'Oh really?' And I said, 'I went to Shakespeare Elementary School in Chicago.' He didn't take the joke well, he didn't laugh and didn't think it was funny - I thought it was funny. It's all the same to me.''' ,'''I really don't have favorites; I'm just a fan of movies, period.''' ,'''When something happens, we always say it happens for a reason.''' ,'''I tell people, 'It's just like a cliche, but it's true: In Hollywood, dreams can come true.'''' ,'''I love acting it's apart of me and I try to put a little bit of myself in each of my roles.''' ,'''Whenever I'm having a bad day and have an attitude, I stay home. I keep it at home.''' ,'''The person that's always talkin', you don't have to worry about that person. The person that while you're in his face, he's just lookin' at you with a smile on his face, that's the guy you worry about.''' ,'''When I was coming up, I kept a ton of comic books, almost 300 comic books. Back in the day, they didn't used to cost that much, so I used to keep 'em, collect 'em, trade 'em.''' ,'''I think I'd do pretty good on 'Glee' singing.''' ,'''So it was a thing that my mother always taught me to go for your goals and never give up no matter what they are, and I started believing that later on in life.''' ,]
+++