+++
author = "Jerry Jeff Walker"
title = "Jerry Jeff Walker Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Jerry Jeff Walker Quotes"
keywords = "jerry jeff walker,jerry jeff walker quotes,jerry jeff walker quote,jerry jeff walker sayings,jerry jeff walker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a Texan. Some of me is still nestled up there in the Catskill Mountains: the summers I spent with my grandfather on the farm and the guys I played basketball with in high school. But then that was it.''' ,'''New Yorkers have their own way of speaking, their own tempo, and Texans are a lot like that. As much as you think Texas is one thing and New York is another, they're very much the same.''' ,'''There seems to be a great propensity in this business to write tear-jerkers, 'You-left-me' songs. I thought, 'Why don't I count my blessings by looking at what I have?' I'm pretty much an optimistic guy.''' ,'''Nashville is the business center. They forget that the bottom line of it all is still the song.''' ,'''Taking over our own business and running it ourselves has tied us even more to our fans.''' ,'''Our audience is really upbeat. Likes to have a good time. They're not introverted or shy.''' ,'''In the '80s I started running, staying in shape.''' ,'''A lot of Texans go up to New York and stay there forever. If there are any two places with more individual characters, I don't know them.''' ,'''I don't try to write songs that will further my career. I write about things that I care about. I don't have a career as much as I'm having an adventure with a guitar. I never liked the business way of doing it. You have to follow some sort of instinct.''' ,'''In the '60s, I thought golf was bourgeois, so I didn't play at all for 20 years.''' ,'''Texas is where I found my musical self.''' ,'''I always liked having a good time. I got into this business because I got fired from any job I ever had because I stayed out late playing music.''' ,'''You have to figure out ways to do things on your own. I do my own thing, and I don't pay much attention to what anyone else is doing.''' ,'''Well, we play Country music; we're just not sure what country it is.''' ,'''I think it's real easy to be famous these days; it's not real easy to sustain success.''' ,''''Gonzo' means taking an unknown thing to an unknown place for a known purpose. But sometimes we're lost in an unknown place for no known purpose.''' ,'''The only way to know how much is enough, is to do too much, and then back up.''' ,]
+++