+++
author = "Don Mattingly"
title = "Don Mattingly Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Don Mattingly Quotes"
keywords = "don mattingly,don mattingly quotes,don mattingly quote,don mattingly sayings,don mattingly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't know what to say other than you're really honored another team is looking at you.''' ,'''I have had many occasions this year where I questioned and second-guessed my decision in a game, but it comes down to learning from mistakes and being accountable for what you did right or did wrong.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of criticism or what somebody may think.''' ,'''Managers have people second-guessing them all the time.''' ,'''If you don't second-guess yourself, then you are not trying to get better.''' ,'''I'd like to say this was our worst game. Unfortunately, I can't.''' ,'''I've wanted to manage a long time and I've been moving in that direction.''' ,'''I definitely want to manage. I just don't think it's the time right now.''' ,'''When I write a note, it sticks in my head differently.''' ,'''Honestly, at one time I though Babe Ruth was a cartoon character. I really did, I mean I wasn't born until 1961 and I grew up in Indiana.''' ,'''I want to be on the field. It's a better place to talk to the guys. It's a relaxed atmosphere. You want to make sure you know what's going on, not just with the hitters.''' ,'''Good teams I played on... just the tone that they play with, the energy they play with, how they go about it. When you get it going the right way, you get everyone going in the same direction and it's a powerful thing.''' ,'''The players get no respect around here. They give you money, that's it, not respect. We get constantly dogged and players from other teams love to see that. That's why nobody wants to play here.''' ,'''Nobody can see into the future. Nobody knows what going to go on.''' ,'''On the playing side, a lot of guys I played under were pretty good managers.''' ,'''We all have the temptation to be backseat drivers when it comes to decisions that don't work out the way we want.''' ,'''I'm always writing at night - things I would change, things I would do differently. When I write a note, it sticks in my head differently.''' ,]
+++