+++
author = "Robin Leach"
title = "Robin Leach Quotes"
quotes_len = "48"
description = "the best 48 Robin Leach Quotes"
keywords = "robin leach,robin leach quotes,robin leach quote,robin leach sayings,robin leach saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I interview people, and they give me an immediate answer, they're often not thinking. So I'm silent. I wait. Because they think they have to keep answering. And it's the second train of thought that's the better answer.''' ,'''I built the ideal house down in the Caribbean. All Englishmen dream of leaving the rain of England and getting a place in the sun - out in the grounds with separate guest houses; that is the ideal scenario.''' ,'''There's no point in retiring because there's no fun in retiring.''' ,'''I like to see things start, grow, and then move on to better things.''' ,'''I've never shied away from hard work.''' ,'''There is this image of a guy in a hot tub, drinking champagne with two buxom blondes. But that is not the real me. I am a father, and I am a grandfather, too.''' ,'''I don't think that the rich should be attacked. There's nothing wrong in being rich.''' ,'''There has always been something about the biggest, the wealthiest, the best-known, the most prestigious that has appealed to me. It's always seemed to me that that is what people want to know about.''' ,'''The idea for 'Lifestyles' began to take shape in my mind as I became more and more frustrated with the type of celebrity interviews I was doing for television.''' ,'''Nothing gets my journalistic juices flowing more than a seaside chalet, the mention of a private jet, or room service in St. Tropez.''' ,'''I'm fast and loud on purpose.''' ,'''I wanted no other job than to work in newspapers. I was fascinated by the process of collecting information, talking to people and having the story appear in a paper that would be delivered in your letterbox.''' ,'''There are few celebrities that I don't know personally. And compared to the rich, most of the famous live in the poorhouse. It's much better to be rich than famous.''' ,'''Travel is very subjective. What one person loves, another loathes.''' ,'''I've always been a gypsy.''' ,'''I like to say that it never rains on 'Lifestyles.' There is no bad news. It's a very up show.''' ,'''I do get to meet a lot of people, and I do get to travel quite a bit. You may laugh, but it's a tough job.''' ,'''I have met some very strange people and some very strange cats - and I'm not talking about jazz greats. I'm talking about animals that people claim have come from outer space, and boy, they're weird!''' ,'''I don't follow English soccer because it's become a game for hooligans.''' ,'''I try to tell the story, always. I do not want to be part of it.''' ,'''I made my first million by the time I was 31 and promptly lost it when I got divorced.''' ,'''Florida is nice, but Texas is my favorite state.''' ,'''I know that people hate me. And I know I'm just a hack journalist and what we do on 'Lifestyles' isn't what you would call television brain surgery.''' ,'''I'm a big baller.''' ,'''I helped launch 'ET'... I like to see things start, grow, and then move on to better things.''' ,'''Tatiana Alvarez, who also became a queen of the wheels of steel in L.A., has now sold her incredible cross-dressing, reverse 'Tootsie' story to Warner Bros. in Hollywood, and hotshot producers Mike Medavoy, Brian Medavoy and Erwin More have reunited to turn it into a movie.''' ,'''I am the most unlikely star in the world.''' ,'''Celebrities are nowhere as rich as some people think they are.''' ,'''Burnout comes easy in the high-pressure world of television, and when the opportunity arose to move to Las Vegas and bring my friends and star chefs to open their restaurants at the Venetian, I made the move here.''' ,'''In Italy, they add work and life on to food and wine.''' ,'''We began our 'Luxe Life' and 'Vegas DeLuxe daily columns' not long after the 9/11 terrorist attacks, and we've spent a decade bringing you showbiz stories and star scoops. I hope it continues for a long time to come because I honestly feel that all the late nights and around-the-clock hours to be first and fast keep me young.''' ,'''If it weren't for Liberace, there would be no Madonna or Lady Gaga, Elton John, Bette Midler, or Elvis because it was Liberace who helped the King glitz up his act.''' ,'''Robin Leach is a guy who, when he has the time, goes quietly to his house in Connecticut and sits looking into the fire with a good glass of red wine in his hand. And when I wake up in the morning, I wink at myself because I like me - I know who I am.''' ,'''It greatly upsets me when I'm called a journalistic toad - I mean, I am a journalist!''' ,'''Would I have voted to leave the European Union? Yes, I would. My theory there is that Britain was fed up having won two World Wars against the Germans and had reached the boiling and breaking point of being told where to live and what to do by a bunch of bureaucrats in Belgium. It was out of that frustration that the vote to leave was made.''' ,'''Nothing looks as great on videotape as Hollywood after a rain.''' ,'''Whoever would have guessed that in the land of cheap sausages and mashed potatoes there could be such a change which would actually bring the French from Paris every weekend to invade Britain en masse to eat great food and drink great wine.''' ,'''People know I'll be sensational, not scandalous. There's a fine-line difference. Sensational means titillating the viewer. Scandalous means being condemned by the viewer for making unfair, uncouth revelations.''' ,'''Emeril is a one-in-a-million Renaissance man. In 2002, he established his foundation to support children's educational programs to inspire and mentor young people through culinary arts, school food and nutrition.''' ,'''I've made it a habit not to burn any bridges.''' ,'''It is usually people in the money business, finance, and international trade that are really rich.''' ,'''I developed the pilot for 'Entertainment Tonight' with Jack Haley, Jr. and Al Masini, who became my business partner in 'Lifestyles of the Rich & Famous,' 'Runaway' and several other shows and specials.''' ,'''Back on Nov. 23, 1963, I sailed into Manhattan Harbor onboard the Queen Mary and landed with no job and contacts and just $135 in my pocket. My first lodging was in a rundown hotel for $27 a week with the bathroom down the end of a corridor of beds.''' ,'''I have no limo. In cities, I usually hail a taxi like everyone else.''' ,'''No other entertainer in the world ever took the risks that Liberace took.''' ,'''I've known Emeril for more than 20 years from when I featured him on 'Lifestyles of the Rich & Famous' from his days at Commander's Palace in New Orleans and from when I helped start the Food Network where he subsequently hosted an amazing 2,000-plus shows.''' ,'''I am a creator of TV shows. 'Lifestyle' ran for 14 years... that was pleasurable. We also had 'Runaway' for eight years. We did two years of a show called 'The Start of Something Big', and we did a network series called 'Fame, Fortune and Romance.'''' ,'''The public's appetite for what sensible newspapers call 'personality journalism' and what I call gossip is insatiable. It will never, ever stop growing because everybody dreams.''' ,]
+++