+++
author = "Fabrizio Moreira"
title = "Fabrizio Moreira Quotes"
quotes_len = "97"
description = "the best 97 Fabrizio Moreira Quotes"
+++
- Cash flow is a problem for a small and developing company, and the lack of it is the reason why many small businesses fail. Ensure that you have enough money in your bank account to make you able to carry out daily basic needs for your business.
- Raising the minimum wage represents a substantial financial burden for employers, particularly start-ups, early stage companies, and family-owned businesses. In response, business owners would be forced to either lay off workers or raise prices to offset the rise in labor costs.
- The 'Fake News Alert' Chrome extension, created by 'New York Magazine' journalist Brian Feldman, identifies hoax news articles. However, cutting out fake news source entirely from operating is easier said than done, since anyone with internet access can create fake news.
- Real estate investing is unique in that it's almost as much a career or a way of life as it is a form of investing. Indeed, the fact that real estate is involves so much sweat equity makes it unique among other investments.
- A writers' ring is where a group of four or five authors agree to promote each other's work on their own websites and via their social media outlets such as Facebook and Twitter.
- Carrie Underwood was just a small-town Oklahoma girl with big dreams in 2005 when she competed on the fourth season of 'American Idol.' She is one of the few true 'American Idol' success stories and went on to have incredible career success.
- A 2014 study commissioned by Facebook and done by Deloitte suggests that Facebook alone contributes almost $150 billion directly to the global economy, and when you add the peripherals, it nears $227 billion.
- The day you decide to pursue your dreams, don't forget that this is a game you don't enter to compete, but to win. And there will always be someone booing you in the stands, and everything you accomplish could be jeered and hissed at. This is a game between two that you have to win for the people who came to watch you be triumphant.
- The American Dream is that any man or woman, despite of his or her background, can change their circumstances and rise as high as they are willing to work.
- One of the most important aspects that feed a thriving economy is successful businesses, so the more startups that take off, the better the financial picture is for everyone.
- America is unique in the world. If you don't believe that, just ask someone from another country.
- False news, when combined with social media, can wreak havoc thanks to its potential of reaching millions in a short span. The effects can be quite disturbing.
- While the Forbes Council does offer some benefits and opportunities for members, the Council may want to be careful going forward to avoid the many pitfalls that befell Trump University.
- Getting into the residential investment business entails lots of renovation work.
- For members of the Democratic Party, and progressives all over the world, it is difficult to overstate or hyperbolize the despair and dread that has descended upon them in the wake of President-elect Donald Trump.
- The best part of owning a blog is the fact that you are in control. You can write about anything you want to write about. You can decide how your blog looks. You can decide who to target. You can decide how to monetize the blog. You have full control!
- Remember, your vote is not a wasted vote. Vote with your heart and think about the future generations the next time you vote.
- Holiday hiring is only useful if you get the right people, and the consensus among HR professionals is that the most consistent and efficient means of finding good people is to use word of mouth. Namely, this is because focusing on referrals means that only people who are already within your network will apply.
- The business side of real estate investing is fraught with risk. Unlike purchasing mutual funds or savings bonds, with real estate, you can lose money; this is one of the reasons that seasoned real estate investors caution neophytes never to get too emotional about a property and always be willing to walk away.
- The truth is that for a Democrat to triumph in a presidential election, it needs to come on the heels of 'the dark times' of an unpopular Republican administration. Carter followed the Nixon era, Clinton succeeded after 12 years of Reagan/Bush, and Obama was a direct result of eight years of Bush/Cheney.
- Executive orders are meant for occasional use, not to force something through that the people's elected representatives aren't going to make law.
- Together, the Jenner sisters have left their mark on the jewelry and fashion accessories industry, first with The Kendall & Kylie Collection at PacSun in 2012, the Metal Haven jewelry collection in 2013, and a line of shoes and handbags for Steve Madden in 2014.
- Microsoft, Disney, Ford, Facebook, and a hundreds and thousands of other companies that affect us daily all began life as baby companies, aka start-ups.
- When it comes to finances, immigrants are far savvier than native-born Americans. They keep their expenses low. They save their money.
- There is enough of free-of-charge software available on the Net to ease building internet websites and contact pages, as well as implement email marketing campaigns.
- In 1995, the Clinton Administration reached an agreement with Cuban government that any refugee caught at sea would be sent back to Cuba while any refugee who reaches the United States shores would be allowed to begin the process to citizenship after one year.
- When you are just starting out with an online business, there's a good chance that you'll be making several mistakes. Because of the mistakes that can be made with starting an online business, many people decide to quit or think that online businesses are just a scam.
- Starting a new business will take its toll on your time and energy, and this can place strain on family and social relationships, depending on their expectations and how open you are in your communication with them.
- Successful entrepreneurship takes complete dedication and careful strategizing along with market analysis. Plus, successful startups provide countless benefits to a healthy economy and consumers in need.
- On Friday, October 28, 2016, the FBI disclosed that they were reopening Clinton's email probe, and the same day, gold hit $1280/oz. Conversely, oil dropped by $1.33 to $45.34 per barrel, while stock prices also took a tumble.
- With Donald J. Trump's arrival to power, many feel astonished by the growth of populism. Others analyze with extreme care the decline of companies that measure public opinion. I am saddened to watch the lack of temperament and political stability of those who 'represent' a trend or ideology.
- Brexit was not a coup. Far from it. In the eyes of most analysts, it was a clear sign that people are frustrated and fed up with the status quo; this is particularly the case with independent voters.
- It's more than a little ironic that the mantra that swept Bill Clinton into office is exactly what prevented Hillary from winning it. Somehow, the Manhattan billionaire became the voice of the disaffected blue-collar middle class in states like Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Michigan.
- One way to quantify the immigrant contribution to the overall economy is to measure their share of the U.S. economic output. One such examination for the years 2009-2011 found that immigrants contributed 14.7 percent of the total economic output.
- Launching a successful product or startup has little to do with luck. Any business that gains traction on the market is the result of very careful strategizing and market analysis, not to mention the development of an original product or service.
- Cuban Americans have little in common with immigrants from Mexico and Central America, and often their priorities don't align. If it seems like Cuban Americans don't have to play by the same rules as everyone else, that's probably because they don't.
- As a real estate investor, you're ultimately accountable to you and your checkbook. Of course, you will need to stay on top of your local coding regulations and ordinances. But once you get the hang of it, you really shouldn't have any problems with ordinances.
- Being an entrepreneur does, of course, give you greater freedom than someone who is tied to a fixed work schedule, but you'd be mistaken to think that you're going to have it easier than your 9-5 counterparts.
- No connection to the average voter - Clinton has an air of superiority. Despite her wide smile and pleasant appearance, she is envisioned as someone who is trying to hide something all the time.
- By having a blog, you can make yourself very accessible to your target audience. You can leave comments open on your blog so you can learn exactly what your audience likes about what you're doing with your business and about what they think you should change.
- It's an error in judgment to bounce into starting a small business before you cash in on building a strong foundation.
- Sure, if you're a well to do family, you always have the option of sending your children to private schools where teachers spend less time disciplining kids and more time teaching them. However, this option is beyond the reach of most households. And this is what makes school vouchers such a promising solution for lower and middle income families.
- 'No one can make you successful; the will to success comes from within.' I've made this my motto. I've internalized it to the point of understanding that the success of my actions and/or endeavors doesn't depend on anyone else, and that includes a possible failure.
- Mr. Trump, you were elected mainly because you found a way to connect with the average blue-collar worker who's sick of the games politicians have been playing for years. Those same blue-collar folks, who go to church, want to feed their families, have to pay their taxes.
- There are signs jobs will be plentiful in the future, if we train and prepare for it. That means investing in technology, innovation, and, as much as Republicans will hate to hear this, renewable energy.
- As a small business owner myself, I talk to so many other business owners who delay seasonal hiring by waiting until the last minute to make their temporary hires.
- No matter how frustrated, disappointed and discouraged we may feel in the face of our failures, it's only temporary. And the faster you can stop wallowing in guilt, blame or resentment, the faster you can put it behind you.
- Almost anything worth doing involves some measure of risk - from learning to ride a bike, moving to a new city, and certainly, starting your own business. The point is that no one has ever started a business or created a new product with a guarantee of success.
- The first aspect of a business that you need to make it work well is money. Once the money aspect is flowing, you can freely work on other aspects.
- Trump is more conservative on individual rights, domestic issues, economic issues and defense. On the other hand, Clinton is quite liberal and wishes to open the borders for more trades and more immigrants.
- Every entrepreneur knows how agonizingly difficult it is to make the decision to give it your all, knowing that failure is inevitable; the successful ones know that the only way to get back up is through learning from that failure.
- The study titled 'Impact of Immigration on Wages, by Education Level, 1994-2007' found that increased immigration had an effect of lowering wages for earlier immigrants by an average of 4.6 percent. Running counter to popular perception is the finding that for native-born Americans, wages actually increased by 0.6 percent.
- Although advertised as 'invite only', it has been reported by Forbes Council members and invitees that this 'invite' came with a membership fee.
- Business is all about the customer: what the customer wants and what they get. Generally, every customer wants a product or service that solves their problem, worth their money, and is delivered with amazing customer service.
- The economic costs of starting your own business can be significant; in fact, most new startup companies fail because of undercapitalization.
- By taking the time to learn how to blog properly, you'll be doing your business an incredible favor, as you will be able to drive a lot of business to your website for your blog.
- Blogging can generate a great deal of traffic to your online business.
- If the 2016 election is any indication, every four years, millions more Americans will continue backing away from their own parties to choose a third party instead.
- Voting third-party in 2016 meant choosing The Green Party's Jill Stein, the Libertarian Party's Gary Johnson, or Independent Candidate Evan McMullion.
- Raise the taxes, and we find less money in our pockets. Lower the taxes, and we've got more money in those pockets, and we spend it on all kinds of things.
- For an entrepreneur with 'improbable' and 'impossible' dreams, the alleged stability that comes from getting 'a real job' is nothing but a sign of slavery.
- The very phrase 'Make America great again' implies some kind of reset to a time long since passed. A mission to restore America to a previous default setting where American economic superiority was without peer, factories and manufacturing plants were humming, and jobs were plentiful for anyone who wanted one.
- In 1960, John F. Kennedy rode a superior televised debate performance to victory over Richard Nixon.
- If you can build a Facebook page and channel the audience to your website, you can generate revenue via PPC advertisement networks like Google Adwords, Taboola, Yahoo! Bing Network, AdRoll, 7Search, etc.
- It is incredibly important to set goals for your business, as if you have no direction for your business, your online business will be a failure.
- When the government takes more money out of the pockets of middle class Americans, entrepreneurs, and businesses, it lessens the available cash flow for people to spend on goods and services, less money to start businesses, and less money for businesses to expand - i.e. creating new jobs and hiring people.
- Can you imagine being Leonardo Da Vinci in the 1400s trying to describe his ideas for machines that would allow humans to fly to the average person of his time? This is hundreds of years before the invention of electricity, the internal combustion engine, and many other things we take for granted today.
- Stock photos are used everywhere on the Net. Chances are, the website you are on right now uses stock photos somewhere - maybe as the featured image of the blog post. This also means that there will always be a large market for stock photographers.
- While the public school rewards failure by throwing more government money at failing school systems, the voucher system does the opposite.
- There are a whole host of psychological phenomenon humans have developed to protect ourselves from the sting of failure, from holding ourselves less accountable for our failures than we do other people, to letting our fear paralyze us and keep us from even trying.
- Many people decide to jump from niche to niche, as they cannot find success immediately with the niche that they have chosen for their online business.
- Relying on someone else to be successful only ties you down and limits you.
- In most countries, a lopsided election represents a mandate that the winning party could then use to implement their agenda, but the U.S. political system seems to have been made to prevent such an occurrence.
- On the consumer level, the products developed by entrepreneurs help to provide more and better options that make life easier and more enjoyable in the everyday lives of the public.
- The truth is, there are many types of businesses that require thousands of dollars to be invested during the startup period. However, there are also many different types of business models that you can run from the comfort of your own home without having to reach too deep into your wallet.
- Many people dream about being an entrepreneur, starting their own business, working for themselves, and living the good life. Very few, however, will actually take the plunge and put everything they've got into being their own boss.
- If you're an independent voter, I'm willing to bet that you were not too happy at the prospect of hitting the polls on November 8, 2016. But let me guess - you did it anyway because after all, it's your civic duty, right?
- A fascinating reaction of the human brain when we fail to meet a goal is that it tells us to throw caution to the wind and make things even worse, which ultimately leads to us giving up.
- Many people think that being a graphic designer means going to an expensive art school and buying expensive software that will cost you thousands of dollars. This is so far from the truth. There are hundreds of online education centers that offer top-notch graphic design training.
- When you are starting to run an online business, you need to narrow down a niche market and be able to stick with it until you have a good profit coming in. This can take a while, so you need to have a great deal of patience to make sure that your business is moving in the right direction.
- Mr. Trump, Americans can't afford, and don't want, to worry about the latest lawsuit filed against their president. And you're not immune from these suits once you enter the Oval Office. Anything you've done before taking office is fair game.
- Trump wants to build a wall at the border of Mexico, while Clinton wants to tear down all walls.
- Investing in gold is one of the wisest decisions that you can make as an investor.
- Derogatory against women - it seems that Trump is not too keen about having women around him, maybe except for his wife and daughter.
- Historically, there hasn't been a significant correlation between gold prices and U.S. elections. Furthermore, history has shown that gold prices tend to fall just before U.S. elections and rise immediately after, and this goes on until the next election.
- Before you start a business, careful planning is in order to obtain to where you ought to be. The biggest part is to ensure that, once you might have created your own plan, that you simply take motion. Without motion, you are unable to succeed.
- Lower taxes will stimulate your own personal economy by leaving more money in your pocket to do what you want - invest, save, spend, buy a bigger house, a nicer car, and give to charity. And lower taxes also lead to more money for the government to use on those things they've promised you. It's a win-win for everyone.
- It is surprising how little most small business values the customers. A positive feedback from the customer is critical to your business, and what's more important is their referral.
- I grew and learned, journeyed and understood, that someone who is afraid of failing won't get anywhere, and someone who dares to do it runs the risk of failure if they don't learn, correct their mistakes, and get back up.
- Fake news is a big thing in the field of Social Media Journalism. Fake news can be as simple has spreading misinformation.or as dangerous as smearing hateful propaganda.
- A big part of the anti-immigration narrative is the perception that the majority of immigrants are poor, uneducated, and unskilled.
- Beware of politicians who tell you they'll do all these wonderful things for you for only a small tax increase. Those tax increases are never as small as you might imagine, and the benefits are always smaller than promised and/or imagined.
- Social media has changed our lives forever. Some continue to reject social media, refusing to become one of the sheep, but you just can't avoid it.
- Lauren Conrad has been described as one of the first people to significantly benefit from the popularity of reality TV.
- Kennedy was like a rock star. Carter was the earnest outsider at the height of Washington cynicism. Clinton was a bad boy who proposed his 'third way' of Democratic politics, and Obama brought hope and change to a country that so desperately needed it.
- Immigrants use debt intelligently. They understand the difference between active debt: creating a business, or something to make business better, and dead debt: buying that new sports car or the 60 inch television. Those things don't lead to the good life. They delay getting it.
- Anyone who is afraid to lose isn't ready to win.
