+++
author = "Juice Wrld"
title = "Juice Wrld Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Juice Wrld Quotes"
keywords = "juice wrld,juice wrld quotes,juice wrld quote,juice wrld sayings,juice wrld saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I never thought about college, but my mom thought about it for me. I knew 100 percent it wasn't for me.''' ,'''I started recording in my sophomore year in high school. I recorded things on my cell phone in my basement.''' ,'''Even if I'm talking about something that's negative, I look at it as putting my mistakes out there for people to learn from it.''' ,'''I don't want to get lost in everything. I just want to keep the same work ethic.''' ,'''I feel like I inspire more people than I think I do. I just need to remember that.''' ,'''My school had a radio show, and when I first decided to become a rapper, I was on there, and I would, like, freestyle.''' ,'''Nobody on this earth is perfect. Everybody has their flaws; everybody has their dark secrets and vices.''' ,'''I think it's important to add a personal aspect to your music - that's what makes it authentic at the end of the day.''' ,'''Trust me: it's cool to invest.''' ,'''I can admit and say that I have feelings.''' ,'''Words have a lot of power.''' ,'''Music is the best way that I can communicate with other people.''' ,'''I kinda grew up in different places. I was just from everywhere.''' ,'''I'm probably one of the biggest Drake fans you could ever find.''' ,'''It's good to put money back into communities.''' ,'''I really just like making music. People call that 'work.' Like, 'Oh, you're going to the studio to work?' No, that's even what I do in my off day. I love recording.''' ,'''I freestyle everything.''' ,'''Honestly, the way I make music, you know - it's like, I don't want to sound cocky or anything, but I try my best to make time with music that doesn't have an expiration date.''' ,'''I had phases of listening to rap and trap, and then I had phases where I'd listen to post-hardcore, rap, grunge, metal... all that. I had different time periods of listening to different music. And now it all clashes together.''' ,'''I feel like that's what's going to be most respected at the end of the day, that I'm able to do so many different things and become less of a rapper and just more as a musician.''' ,'''Lucid dreaming is dreaming but you being aware that you're doing it.''' ,'''It is hard to separate the art from the artist.''' ,'''I've always been different.''' ,'''I feel as though, if you're able to control your dreams, you have more power and control over your mind, like you could reach more areas of your mind. Therefore, I feel like it creates the ability for you to achieve more things in reality.''' ,'''I've always been involved in music. Whether it be taking piano lessons or something, I always have.''' ,'''My music is straightforward because I want to give people me and let them know they're not alone in going through the things that they go through.''' ,'''Shout out to Sting: that's the G.O.A.T. right there. The goat. Greatest of all time.''' ,'''Even in high school, I went through a lot of relationship issues, and that's at the center of my music.''' ,'''I talk about a lot of issues I go through and some of my fans go through and try to create a fellowship where people can relate to each other.''' ,'''I got family members that's police officers. I don't got no problem if you a cop, as long as y'all doing y'all job, and y'all not harassing.''' ,]
+++