+++
author = "Devdutt Pattanaik"
title = "Devdutt Pattanaik Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Devdutt Pattanaik Quotes"
keywords = "devdutt pattanaik,devdutt pattanaik quotes,devdutt pattanaik quote,devdutt pattanaik sayings,devdutt pattanaik saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I write on sacred stories, symbols and rituals of all cultures - European, American and Chinese - but my audiences, typically, like me to focus on India.''' ,'''In India, the eldest has the most responsibility and the crown goes to him. The crown could go to a person with the most talent. But how could 'most talent' be determined? So Indian society settled on age.''' ,'''If you don't have imagination, you stop being human; animals don't have imagination; Alzheimer's is the death of imagination.''' ,'''Mythology is a subjective truth. Every culture imagines life a certain way.''' ,'''In Greek mythology, the hero wants to be great, but the very concept does not exist in the Indian vocabulary. Yet it has become the global template. And it's a template that won't fit in India.''' ,'''Medical training taught me the art of breaking down the complex maze of stories, symbols and rituals into clear systems. You could say that it helped me figure out the anatomy and physiology of mythology and its relevance in a society more incisively. How is it that no society can, or does, exist without them?''' ,'''I have been doodling since childhood. I have a passion for illustrating but cannot paint or colour for that matter. I illustrate what I am trying to communicate through my writing. My images are like drawings in a science text book.''' ,'''Nobody knows why we're alive; so we all create stories based on our imagination of the world; and as a community, we believe in the same story. In India, every person believes his/ her own mythosphere to be real. Indian thought is obsessed with subjectivity; Greek thought with objectivity.''' ,'''Mythology is a vast body of knowledge that has not been tapped.''' ,]
+++