+++
author = "Cameron Winklevoss"
title = "Cameron Winklevoss Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Cameron Winklevoss Quotes"
keywords = "cameron winklevoss,cameron winklevoss quotes,cameron winklevoss quote,cameron winklevoss sayings,cameron winklevoss saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A lot of people don't want to deal with the effort needed to secure your bitcoins. That's why we started to build Gemini, which is a U.S.-based exchange with compliance - it's NASDAQ, E-Trade and DTC built into one.''' ,'''People have to start realizing that money is just a fiction, an idea.''' ,'''People say it's a Ponzi scheme, it's a bubble. People really don't want to take it seriously. At some point, that narrative will shift to 'virtual currencies are here to stay.'''' ,'''The Wild West attracts cowboys. A sheriff is a good thing.''' ,'''If you like gold, there are many reasons you should like Bitcoin.''' ,'''Valuation is what people are willing to pay.''' ,'''My favorite toy as a kid was Legos. I loved building things, and that's what we're doing with SumZero.''' ,'''Ether is the token of the Ethereum network, which is focused on disrupting contract law.''' ,'''Bitcoin is both disruptive from a technology perspective, but there's a tremendous power of social good behind it. So you can both build a cool business or have a great investment return, and there's the promise of potentially improving the remittance industry or banking the unbanked.''' ,'''When we think of Gemini.com, it will be like a Nasdaq for bitcoin.''' ,'''I will say that rowing in the first Olympics was probably one of the most proud moments in my life. What I enjoy about the sport is that it's definitive. Nobody can take away from the fact that you're an Olympian. It's indisputable. You get there on merit and merit alone.''' ,'''I'm sure in the history of Harvard, and the history of most schools, there's been some pretty crazy parties that I'm not even sure you could even capture on film how silly and ridiculous they were.''' ,'''One of the cool things about amateur athletics is that, I think, the pursuit is sort of the pursuit of excellence for nothing more than trying to be excellent.''' ,'''I've been told by journalists that Facebook is upset anytime we're mentioned.''' ,'''We always saw ourselves in careers as entrepreneurs or angels.''' ,'''With great ideas come great changes. Bitcoin's that.''' ,'''One thing I don't believe I am at all is bitter.''' ,'''I think every business is definitely different. There are certain businesses where execution is everything.''' ,'''I do think that people have moments of realisation in real life - even if it's on their death beds - when they suddenly think, 'Jesus - what did I do?'''' ,'''I do believe the potential for ConnectU was as big as Facebook's, absolutely.''' ,'''Entrepreneurs and rowers show characteristics of curiosity and wanting to learn.''' ,'''Regardless of who you are, I believe that everybody in this country is entitled to justice.''' ,'''We are building a company, Gemini, and the ETF, which is another company. I don't know if we're experts, but the goal is not to be an expert but to change the world. Does Richard Branson understand all the physics behind his space craft? I'm not sure.''' ,'''Our high school didn't have a crew team - we started the crew team.''' ,'''Whether you agree with Julian Assange or what he's doing, there's no question of the impact and scale of WikiLeaks. It's a whole different level.''' ,'''For better or worse, a lot of people who build things don't want to part ways. They don't have the short exit plan that a lot of the investors have.''' ,'''We certainly grew up and had opportunities. But it's not like our parents are aristocratic blue bloods.''' ,]
+++