+++
author = "Daniel Mays"
title = "Daniel Mays Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Daniel Mays Quotes"
keywords = "daniel mays,daniel mays quotes,daniel mays quote,daniel mays sayings,daniel mays saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Yeah, it's every parent's worst nightmare, to lose connection with your children, to not fully engage with them or have an understanding of what crowd of people they're mixing with, what they are watching online.''' ,'''Kids have got such active imaginations and they're scared of so many different things.''' ,'''I certainly always do draw upon stuff in my life. You do that instinctively as an actor.''' ,'''I come from Essex, Buckhurst Hill, where Jade Goody was buried. My hometown will forever be known for that.''' ,'''I try to mix the characters up and not be second guessed by the audience.''' ,'''I've become a lot more politicised because of Brexit.''' ,'''I like to be in character a good few hours before I arrive for filming.''' ,'''I got an American agent. I don't know what to think about that.''' ,'''When I was 13, I was a member of a women's over-40s tap class.''' ,'''But the calibre of actors that they attract to come and do the guest leads on 'Doctor Who' is fantastic. You weigh it up, and in this series alone, there's Hugh Bonneville, Frances Barber, David Walliams. Toby Jones has done it.''' ,'''I've never been burgled. I don't quite know what I would do if it was the dead of night and there was someone in the house, and my kids were asleep upstairs.''' ,'''Sundays are a day for recuperation and family.''' ,'''I had gone from job to job up in London before 'Fisherman's Friends'.''' ,'''I guess I'm always drawn to the underbelly of someone, really, as opposed to how heroic they are. I don't judge those sorts of people.''' ,'''My son and I discovered Parkland Walk with the Beavers, a gem of a trail from Highgate to Finsbury Park in north London.''' ,'''You see kids leave drama school who are drop-dead gorgeous and they just go stratospheric instant'aneously.''' ,'''A lot of the work I've done has been about being very raw and open with your emotions.''' ,'''I listen to music to try and focus or concentrate on emotional characters, which is quite common among actors. It might seem cheesy, but I particularly listen to Coldplay because I'm moved by their lyrics. But any music can help depending on the character and their mood.''' ,'''Before filming I'll be constantly thinking about my role at the back of my mind and slowly build up the intensity until I can explode on set. There is a very fine line between not quite getting there, and getting that bit too intense.''' ,'''I'm a very placid human being. I don't want to kill anyone. I guess I have played a lot of bad people in my career, so frustrations or angst can come out in any given role.''' ,'''My older brother's a cricket groundsman, my other brother's a salesman, and my younger brother's a trader in the City.''' ,'''Everyone's life is extraordinary if you look at it closely enough.''' ,'''To a degree... you wanna make your way in the industry, so you kind of get what you're given at first.''' ,'''I worked on 'Line of Duty' with Vicky McClure after she'd just finished the last series of 'This Is EnglandI think the great thing about 'Ashes To Ashes' is that it is very much its own show. and I kept nagging her to find out how it ended.''' ,'''It's something I have always tried to do in my career - play outside the box.''' ,'''God, I've played a lot of policeman.''' ,'''I'm just drawn to something that has a good story. 'Outcasts' didn't do so well, but I really admired the premise behind the show.''' ,'''White Lines' is without a doubt one of the best, most imaginative, brilliantly bonkers scripts I've ever had a chance to work on.''' ,'''I always liked 'Doctor Who' but I wasn't a crazed fan when I was a kid.''' ,'''I went to stage school, I went to Rada, I've been in this London bubble for as long as I can remember, which is involved with being as inclusive and accepting of any people from different countries, different walks of life, different religion - that's who I am.''' ,'''I couldn't believe how big Ben Affleck's trailer was. It was like a spaceship - I remember thinking, I'd live in that.''' ,'''Everyone's got that dream of Ibiza, you've either been or you want to go, because it's kind of got this mystical quality to it.''' ,'''I eat porridge all week, but Sundays are for something more exciting. I make a mean fry-up - to be honest that's pretty much all I can cook.''' ,'''I'd describe 'Born to Kill' as a 'study in psychopathy', it's very much in the heads of our main protagonist, Sam, a young boy dealing with dark, twisted psychotic desires. It's also a coming-of-age story.''' ,'''I think the great thing about 'Ashes To Ashes' is that it is very much its own show.''' ,'''Ever since the commercial smash that was 'The Full Monty', we've always made films about underdogs. It's something that embodies Britishness and that sense of community and people punching above their weight.''' ,'''At drama school I learned the Stanislavski technique, which uses sentimental memories and bits of your past to put real emotion into the scene.''' ,]
+++