+++
author = "Hayao Miyazaki"
title = "Hayao Miyazaki Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Hayao Miyazaki Quotes"
keywords = "hayao miyazaki,hayao miyazaki quotes,hayao miyazaki quote,hayao miyazaki sayings,hayao miyazaki saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My process is thinking, thinking and thinking - thinking about my stories for a long time.''' ,'''Sometimes I test myself saying, 'If I get a death sentence if I don't make this movie, would I still make this movie?'''' ,'''I think it's really good for a family or children to have a dog, cat, bird or whatever to grow up with.''' ,'''We live in an age when it is cheaper to buy the rights to movies than to make them.''' ,'''I don't intentionally make deep movies.''' ,'''Humans have both the urge to create and destroy.''' ,'''I am an animator. I feel like I'm the manager of a animation cinema factory. I am not an executive. I'm rather like a foreman, like the boss of a team of craftsmen. That is the spirit of how I work.''' ,'''When a man is shooting a handgun, it's just like he is shooting because that's his job, and he has no other choice. It's no good. When a girl is shooting a handgun, it's really something.''' ,'''I'd like more of the world go back to being wild.''' ,'''If you're going to retire, retire early.''' ,'''People in Japan have experienced many tsunamis and various earthquakes throughout the ages.''' ,'''All my films are all my children.''' ,'''I wish I was better at art. I love some of the great artists of the 19th century and, compared to them, I just feel I lack this technique that they had. They have so much skill.''' ,'''I create women characters by watching the female staff at my studio. Half the staff are women.''' ,'''I get inspiration from my everyday life.''' ,'''I do all my work by storyboard, so as I draw the storyboard, the world gets more and more complex, and as a result, my North, South, East, West directions kind of shift and go off base, but it seems like my staff as well as the audience, doesn't quite realize that this has happened. Don't tell them about it.''' ,'''I've never studied psychology.''' ,'''I can't do a film after having debated it. I am unable to do a film while discussing it with my team. I issue directives. I do not achieve it otherwise.''' ,'''We get strength and encouragement from watching children.''' ,'''Watching John Lasseter's films, I think I can understand better than anyone that what he's doing, is going straight ahead with his vision and working really hard to get that vision into film form. And I feel that my understanding this of him is my friendship towards him.''' ,'''To have a film where there's an evil figure and a good person fights against the evil figure and everything becomes a happy ending, that's one way to make a film. But then that means you have to draw, as an animator, the evil figure. And it's not very pleasant to draw evil figures.''' ,'''I like underwater life.''' ,'''Currently computer graphics are used a great deal, but it can be excessive.''' ,'''Animators can only draw from their own experiences of pain and shock and emotions.''' ,'''It would be wonderful if I could see the end of civilization during my lifetime.''' ,'''I think Tokyo is going to sink under water soon. All those stupid high-rise buildings will sink and maybe all the traffic will be gone. And everything will be peaceful and quiet.''' ,'''I can't stand modern movies. The images are too weird and eccentric for me.''' ,'''I never read reviews. I'm not interested. But I value a lot the reactions of the spectators.''' ,'''I think we should stop using nuclear power plants because it's an old system that we can't control.''' ,'''I'm not a collector.''' ,'''Is someone different at age 18 or 60? I believe one stays the same.''' ,'''I don't like games. You're robbing the precious time of children to be children. They need to be in touch with the real world more.''' ,'''It seems like everything that we see perceived in the brain before we actually use our own eyes, that everything we see is coming through computers or machines and then is being input in our brain cells. So that really worries me.''' ,'''Plants exist in the weather and light rays that surround them - waving in the wind, shimmering in the sunlight. I am always puzzling over how to draw such things.''' ,]
+++