+++
author = "Channing Frye"
title = "Channing Frye Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Channing Frye Quotes"
keywords = "channing frye,channing frye quotes,channing frye quote,channing frye sayings,channing frye saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Sometimes I wanted to be aggressive. I felt like if I wasn't getting shots up or if I wasn't being overly aggressive on defense then I wasn't playing good. I finally realized just to slow down and just let the game come to you.''' ,'''In the early '90s, my parents weren't really drinking wine. They had a bottle or two laying around, but it had been a stigma where a bottle of wine had to be for a super special occasion. A bottle of wine had to go with a steak. And it was this thing that seemed so distant.''' ,'''You have to be somewhere you're wanted.''' ,'''If everyone had a superpower, Kobe would be the Hulk. Kobe could take on a whole team by himself and he's willing to do that. So, Kobe is like I'll go 5-1, I don't care. I'm still going to win. I put in more work than all five of you guys.''' ,'''I'm pretty light-hearted for the most part.''' ,'''I learned that I love basketball, but I love my family more.''' ,'''A big thing with the heart issue is you can't be up in here being stressed and having a lot of anxiety, so I had to do a lot of soul searching about how, 'Why do certain things make me upset?' and being more honest with myself. It's actually made my marriage awesome, it's made my friendships better.''' ,'''When I go with my friends who aren't into wine, I love to introduce them to my area of expertise. That's what's exciting about wine in its truest form - you want to share your love of what you're sharing.''' ,'''Everyone knows I love a good fart joke!''' ,'''I think the defense is going to dictate how many shots you get.''' ,'''I don't think you see very many losing teams working out in August with 10 people.''' ,'''In high school, I had size and I had raw potential, but as a basketball player I was hot garbage.''' ,'''VH1 is seriously competing for best channel ever.''' ,'''You never hear me complain about playing time, shots.''' ,'''Luka, he's good.''' ,'''People need to hear that it doesn't matter if you have everything, you still go through life with your struggles.''' ,'''Do I want to play basketball? You bet your dollar I do. At the same time, I have no control over what my body does. I can just give myself the best opportunity. That's the best attitude I can take.''' ,'''Before every game, I have this 30-second routine where I'll pretend like I'm doing some stupid stretch, but what I am really doing is just closing my eyes and taking in the moment, imagining every arena and every city I've been in, smelling all the smells, seeing all the fans.''' ,'''I like being the underdog.''' ,'''I'm a 120-over-78 blood pressure guy.''' ,'''I purposely don't put my family on there, I don't put my kids on there. Because I think these days everybody wants to share everything - and then they get upset when people judge all their stuff. So, I figure let them judge things that you're okay with them judging.''' ,'''If you explain your opinion and have an almost unemotional view about things that people can relate to, it helps fans understand.''' ,'''With all these ups and downs, if you can stay steady through those emotions, it'll help you out a lot.''' ,'''Every competitive person wants to go out and play.''' ,'''I'm really appreciating the value of a Chuck Taylor as I get older.''' ,'''I kept begging and begging for a car when I turned 16. My dad got me a 1971 Chevy pickup with no air conditioning and no radio!''' ,'''I've never complained about coming off the bench, not playing or not playing a lot.''' ,'''I think people need to chill out on young guys and really let them develop.''' ,'''Getting hit in the eye is scary thing, not like a tooth or finger. You get hit in the eye, you only got two of those.''' ,'''Kobe Bryant is one of those guys I never imagined being on the same court with. It was always an aspiration.''' ,'''I like to space the floor, I think I can give guys opportunity not to get double-teamed.''' ,'''I like drinking wine. Since I travel a lot in the league, I like to sit down with my wife and have a meal and share a glass of wine. We're exhausted, especially when our kids are acting crazy, but that cheers, that connection, is what wine is for my family and my friends. It's a part of who we are.''' ,'''When I got to the NBA, that first Knicks group was pretty dysfunctional. But it was on me, too. I didn't understand the game as much as I should have. I should have watched more film. Instead of thinking of the team, I was thinking about me. That Knicks team went 23-59.''' ,'''You don't need to be a stereotypical basketball player to be successful. You can be yourself. You can kick it with artists, you can kick it with nerds.''' ,'''When you played Kobe, it was something different. When you went to L.A., you made sure your shoes were tied extra tight. You made sure you got sleep, you made sure you ate better. He just made you better.''' ,'''I've been through everything in my career.''' ,'''I have no problem being wrong. I love it when somebody goes 'Channing you're wrong.'''' ,'''I love Phoenix, and I just felt like it wasn't the right situation for me anymore, and that's nothing to say anything against the city or the fans or even the players on the team. I just didn't agree with the direction that they wanted to take the team.''' ,'''When you do something that's a labor of love, where you care about the customers' trust and putting a product that's A1 out there, you will be successful, you just have to be patient.''' ,'''Everybody wants to be the hero but sometimes the hero is the guy who isn't seen as much, who is doing stuff on the sidelines and being professional.''' ,'''I think chemistry matters 100 percent. Because if guys want to play unselfish, if guys want to do things for each other, if they want to win the right way, you're going to play the right way.''' ,'''I never asked another player for their shoes, it's a little weird.''' ,'''Bron gave me a pair of his LeBron 1s in my size, the original Air Zoom Generation ones. My favorites are Jordan 1s, 11s and any kind of Air Maxes.''' ,'''I could do interviews all day.''' ,'''We get stereotyped so much. Look, people are going to think what they're going to think of me, but if I'm myself consistently then I don't fit into your little box of what a professional athlete is.''' ,'''I think that's what being a good teammate is, and I think that's what creates a good environment for the locker room. I think if guys are connected, it's easier to know where they're coming from when they get upset or they're down on themselves.''' ,'''You get drafted on potential.''' ,'''The Warriors getting Kevin Durant, yes you won championships, which I guess is all that matters, I think at the end, and I'm just saying this as someone from the outside, it almost looks like it diminishes everything that was accomplished before him. It takes the allure of the Warriors away.''' ,'''Steph is a Hall of Famer, is a multiple champion, best shooter of all time.''' ,'''Different people talk different ways.''' ,'''You can judge the fact that I like video games or wine or love basketball or like going fishing. You can judge all that. But there are certain things that you can't, and I think people are figuring that out. Me, being from the old school, I figured that out early.''' ,'''I appreciate my years in New York, because it made me who I am.''' ,'''I had a heart issue, and a lot of it was caused by stress and anxiety. I know that my father had really high anxiety too.''' ,'''It doesn't matter where you're drafted.''' ,'''To the fans of Cleveland: I want to say thank you, number one. You all understand that it's deeper than just a game.''' ,'''Something I've come to really admire about Kyrie is that he's always computing out there - he's logging everything that happens, and since nobody can guard him, that's scary to think about.''' ,'''I would always ask Rob Pelinka what Kobe was doing to be who he was. How to get his game to the next level - how does he get that good?''' ,'''I want to be a complete player.''' ,'''Big guys like the paint. I make them allergic to it.''' ,'''I love Chicago. The women are beautiful.''' ,'''Anything that has to do with the heart is scary.''' ,'''I put a lot of pressure on myself to play a certain way.''' ,'''If we're more successful with me coming off the bench and we're winning games, hey, I'll ride with it.''' ,'''My dad was an old school guy, but my mom was very much like 'you feel what you need to feel.'''' ,'''I was a great teammate and I love all my teammates, and then No. 2 is I'm a champion. So I don't care if anyone says I suck, because I don't.''' ,'''It's tough to control your words and your emotions. A lot of guys will say things out of emotion at that moment when really they should be thinking: 'Ok, what's this going to look like tomorrow?'''' ,'''I grew up a Suns fan, I grew up a guy just wishing I could - I remember sitting up there in high seats with my parents, just watching the game.''' ,'''I've been traded before.''' ,'''I don't want to say that when you're an athlete, you take things for granted, but you do. We're supposed to go out and think we're invincible. We're not.''' ,'''If I break your ankles you need to be over here with me... retired.''' ,'''If you have guys where they don't know what their job is every night, then you start seeing guys, they don't give each other high-fives. They don't communicate when there are miscues. They just kind of look at each other and try to blame each other.''' ,'''I think every team goes through their ups and downs.''' ,'''For a guy like Kevin Love who has everything - he has Banana Republic, he's an underwear model, sports body model, this guy's all-everything - for him to say, 'Hey, I go through like all these things like everyone else,' I think it allows for people to relate to him more. I think it's good.''' ,'''What you're getting on Twitter is me sitting on a bench, just with a lot less cuss words. Honestly.''' ,'''When I was on the Knicks, and I'd have a drink - my drink would be either a Manhattan or an Old Fashioned - businessmen would be drinking only wine. As I continued to go to business dinners with successful businessmen, my drink has now also turned into wine.''' ,'''I don't have any fear. I'm not scared to push myself and run and play and get my heart rate up.''' ,'''What I've learned is that you forget that it's not only a blessing to play this game, but it's an opportunity.''' ,'''I'm pretty comfortable with any situation.''' ,'''I want people to not look at NBA players as basketball players who love wine. I want them to really look at us as people who may have access to different wines but are as passionate as them. We love wine. We love the culture, we love being able to open a bottle, we love the excitement of hearing if you love it.''' ,'''At the end of the day, nobody can lie. You can't argue feelings. It's a matter of respect. If you say 'Hey, what you did made me feel this way.' You can't argue that. That's it.''' ,'''I don't mind arguing back and forth with people who have actual information.''' ,'''I am who I am.''' ,'''There isn't anything I do that promotes the word soft. Do I miss practice? No. Do I not play hard? No. Do I miss any games? No. Do I back down from bigger guys? No. That's all right. I have to earn my name.''' ,'''I like Damian Lillard because he's done more with less than Steph.''' ,'''I look at the game like, 'How can I impact it not just standing there?' Just try to be active offensively setting screens, doing stuff like that, but I'm also trying to be active driving the ball to the hole, finishing, one-dribble pull-ups and stuff like that. Just playing ball and not being robotic. Just evolving.''' ,'''Even Vegas around two o'clock in the morning isn't as busy as here. It's always busy in Times Square, not that we've been out at two in the morning. That's what we hear.''' ,'''If your rookie can affect a win or a loss early, then his ceiling is going to be crazy.''' ,'''To be 29 and have a heart issue is very rare. Other than that, I had a clean bill of health.''' ,'''If I'm a coach, let me be a coach, you know?''' ,'''When I deal with my son, my wife and I definitely take the time to make sure that he feels comfortable in every situation. The communication needs to be there. I think my wife has done a great job at really getting good at being able to communicate with our children.''' ,'''When you have a mix of culture, talent and discipline, wins are going to start happening.''' ,'''Vulnerability is tough, especially being a man.''' ,'''Wine culture is very white. It's a fact. When you look at it from a cultural standpoint, you're missing out on so many different cultural influences in America.''' ,'''It's just hard in general to win in this league.''' ,'''You can't play scared.''' ,'''Some guys don't find their niche until they've been on two or three different teams. It's going to happen.''' ,'''I love using my Coravin Model Six at home to just give a glass of wine to my friends and family without having to commit to the whole bottle. It's perfect when everyone wants something different. I also love being able to try a glass of a bottle I've always been wanting to see if it's ready to drink.''' ,'''Listen, I'm a super happy guy. But some days on the court - to be honest - I just didn't have it emotionally. There was nothing in my tank.''' ,'''Sometimes we players don't appreciate the little things.''' ,'''Growing up, I wasn't the best player - Richard Jefferson, whom I've known since I was 14, will gladly vouch for that, and often does.''' ,]
+++