+++
author = "Louise Nurding"
title = "Louise Nurding Quotes"
quotes_len = "63"
description = "the best 63 Louise Nurding Quotes"
keywords = "louise nurding,louise nurding quotes,louise nurding quote,louise nurding sayings,louise nurding saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I guess the most important thing for us is that the kids work hard and they are grateful for the life they lead - that they know it doesn't come easy.''' ,'''All my friends are girls. I just prefer the company of women.''' ,'''I don't feel body confident at all! Anything but, actually.''' ,'''The footballers' wives I know, they're teachers, midwives. They want to do something useful. One is working at my son's nursery, on her hands and knees, in Converse and jeans, teaching kids to count.''' ,'''For a performer, passion is far more important than technical skills. If a dancer's leg isn't at a perfect angle, I can see past that, but if someone's dead in the face, it's really boring.''' ,'''The gold iridescent 'Naked' outfit is perhaps not my finest moment.''' ,'''I think wearing less makeup can seem a bit scary for some women because we get so used to seeing ourselves look a certain way.''' ,'''The thought of a spa treatment is lovely, but I'd be lying there having a massage and worrying about how much I had to do. I'm not very good at relaxing!''' ,'''After having your first child, it's a massive shock to the system. I work in an industry where people judge you and the way you look, and you always want to put your best foot forward when you can.''' ,'''I've always loved Helena Christensen's style because she looks casual and comfortable, while being chic and cool.''' ,'''Being in the pop group Eternal gave me the most wonderful opportunity to travel the world, and I have visited some spectacular countries.''' ,'''I'm embarrassed to admit that I'm still scared of the dark. I have to have a light on all night. It's completely irrational, and my son is the same. I just hate the dark.''' ,'''My son Beau got very ill when he was just four months old in Majorca. He contracted a really bad case of gastroenteritis. Everything feels so much worse when you don't speak the language, and you need that reassuring conversation as a mum, but you can't have it.''' ,'''I love fashion, but I do it in a really laid-back way. I'd much rather be underdressed than overdressed.''' ,'''I have a good shopping relationship with my mum. She lets me buy, and she spectates. I take advice from her, and I give it, too.''' ,'''I think we make a common mistake of all wanting to look younger, and I think there is nothing more attractive, charming and endearing than when you meet a woman and you think she looks amazing for her age rather than 20 years younger because of this, that and everything else.''' ,'''I'm not somebody who likes to show off my cleavage, and I don't dress up for the papers.''' ,'''I suppose I try to dress for women like me, women I would look at and think, 'Ah, she looks cool, she looks nice'. You kind of get to an age when you know what suits you.''' ,'''I like to work; I like to be creative. I work in the entertainment industry where work may come up, and it may not, so I wanted to do something proactive. I've got a brain; I don't want to just sit at home - I want to do as much as I can.''' ,'''When I'm up on stage, I don't think about anything except the song I'm singing. Anyway, the majority of my audience is female, and I can't think that many of them want to see me a French maid outfit somehow!''' ,'''Our life may look glamorous, but we scream at the kids, and I have to tell Jamie to tidy up if we have guests coming over.''' ,'''Age is just a number, and I know so many women who look fabulous at 40, 50 and 60 so it doesn't scare me. It's inevitable - I will get older, and the wrinkles will come, but I'm not that bothered.''' ,'''I wish I was told to look after my teeth when I was younger. My smile is really important to me and one of my biggest assets, so I'm very conscious that I need to keep it in top condition.''' ,'''I can play the piano. I started off with lessons, and then, as we always had a piano in the house, I would play around and became quite good.''' ,'''I'd love to do a safari holiday somewhere in Africa - maybe Kenya or Tanzania. I have never been, and we've deliberately waited until the children are older so that they could appreciate it, learn something and come back with stories.''' ,'''I own some Victoria Beckham dresses; they make me feel great.''' ,'''I grew up in a few houses because my dad was a builder, so we used to build and sell quite a lot.''' ,'''I realised that a lot of women felt the same way I did - they didn't want to wear heavy make-up, but, for whatever reason, there were elements in their skin they want to smooth out or cover.''' ,'''I think there is something lovely when a woman looks well.''' ,'''I hate sport. I like girlie things.''' ,'''I love Pilates - I am a really big believer in it as a practise; I think it's fab.''' ,'''I was on a beach in Hawaii for a video shoot once, and it was incredibly beautiful. It had very fine black sand with a silver sparkle running through it.''' ,'''I'll teach my kids right from wrong, but I'm never going to teach them that they can't have fun. They'll make mistakes; they'll do things they regret, like we all have.''' ,'''I've always been a bad flyer, but I don't let it get in the way of travelling. I love stepping off the plane and feeling the heat and the foreign smell of being somewhere different.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Tony Blair. I'm not saying that I think his judgment has always been right, but I look at him as a person.''' ,'''New Zealand was one of the most beautiful countries to drive through for the scenery and the vast scale of the place.''' ,'''I would be upset if I was on the 'worst dressed'. It would make me think, 'Surely I haven't done anything that horrific - have I?'''' ,'''I don't believe in lots of face creams; I think your skin should work for itself. Your natural oils look after your skin, so I just use a simple face wash.''' ,'''I live my life as healthy and consciously as I can.''' ,'''I used to think you should keep on experimenting and seeing new things. But after seeing a lot of the world, I now tend to return to the same spots. I enjoy the familiarity.''' ,'''One thing I wish I'd done differently in my career is insist on having friends or family on tour. I was really young when I travelled the world with Eternal, and I was always homesick.''' ,'''The problem with being in the public eye for a long time is there are 20 years worth of looks to come back and haunt you!''' ,'''There's nothing worse than looking as if you've tried too hard or preened to within an inch of your life. If I'm wearing a strong item like a really beautiful dress, then I'll play down my shoes and accessories and make my hair really natural.''' ,'''I really believe less is more. When you get older, too much makeup can be ageing, and when you're young, you should enjoy the fact your skin is free from lines and wrinkles rather than overloading it with products.''' ,'''There are very few people I would trust to look after my children.''' ,'''I absolutely love reading; it is a fantastic way of unwinding.''' ,'''I have quite dark skin, and when I had my son, I suffered quite bad pigmentation; I had dark patches on my face. Everyone said it would go, but it would take a very long time for them to even slightly disappear.''' ,'''My wardrobe staple is simple shirt dresses. They never date, and you can put them with a heel or a flat sandal.''' ,'''The thing about dads is, even when they're very good, they don't do anything like as much as most mums do.''' ,'''I know people who've had a nose job, and they've walked out feeling a million dollars, and their confidence is tenfold. Good on them! Natural beauty comes in all different shapes and sizes, but if you think surgery would right something you have a problem with, then why shouldn't you do it?''' ,'''Your soulmate doesn't just mean your husband or your boyfriend. I have friends in my life who I believe I was meant to meet and be a part of.''' ,'''If you feel uncomfortable about something, just because you're in the public eye, it doesn't mean it doesn't hurt when people say things.''' ,'''It's inevitable: as I get older, I am going to get more wrinkles; it's something you have to accept.''' ,'''I love Spanish cities, particularly Barcelona, Madrid and Palma, which has the most amazing cathedral that I once went to for a wedding.''' ,'''I love Stella McCartney because she's timeless and classic, and I love Isabel Marant for wearability - you don't need 'an occasion' for her clothes.''' ,'''My business partner and make-up artist Kim Jacob and I have employed every member of staff, decided where every desk in the office should go, tried every product on our faces.''' ,'''Growing up, I was never the kind of girl to dream about wedding dresses and pretty houses.''' ,'''What works for me is a little bit of training and sensible eating. You know, the Cameron Diaz's of the world put a lot of effort into it! But you can't have it all - I like going out for dinner with my husband; I like meeting my mates at Starbucks!''' ,'''As much as we love being sociable on holiday, part of me craves the idea of being away, staying in a hut on the beach, and maybe not seeing anyone for days apart from Jamie and the boys.''' ,'''I don't get involved in football! I haven't got a sporty bone in my body.''' ,'''By the way, you won't put that thing in about me wanting to have sex on a football pitch, will you?''' ,'''There are hundreds and hundreds of women who are married to footballers, and we get to see a very small handful of them. They are all different individuals, and they choose the way they want to live their life or look, and I don't think it is really fair on anyone else to judge.''' ,'''People ask me whether I'd like another child, and it is difficult to answer, as I am so happy with the two I have.''' ,]
+++