+++
author = "Tamar Braxton"
title = "Tamar Braxton Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Tamar Braxton Quotes"
keywords = "tamar braxton,tamar braxton quotes,tamar braxton quote,tamar braxton sayings,tamar braxton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always been a person who's been true to myself and true to others, and I'm not afraid to be honest.''' ,'''I'm the youngest of five girls, and I don't know about you, but it's really hard to be heard when you have five women. I've always been this loud and over the top as a person because I just want to be heard.''' ,'''Everything is real on me.''' ,'''It's actually very beautiful when you can't conceive on your own, you can actually go to the doctors and with science you can create a child.''' ,'''A lot of people don't get second chances.''' ,'''I've tried singing like somebody else, and it never worked for me. The only thing that has ever worked for me was me being me, so either you love it or not.''' ,'''There are two sides to being pregnant. There is the beautiful, wonderful blessing side. The second side - it sucks!''' ,'''I never want my kids to feel like I'm just some housewife who was just kicking it with my husband, because that's not the kind of woman that I am.''' ,'''You can find love when you are famous if you are the same person you were before you were famous.''' ,'''Sometimes you want things so bad you will kind of lower your standards, and I've learned that once you do that, it's really hard to go back, to get people to respect you and respect your craft.''' ,'''I do wear weaves and I do wear wigs.''' ,'''I'm not bleaching my skin, and if I was bleaching my skin and I felt like saying so, I would, but for the record, I am not.''' ,'''I like the Kardashians, but I do keep them on the top of my prayer list.''' ,'''Anybody with skin issues knows that that's a very sensitive subject, and that's why I've never shared that I have vitiligo because I do.''' ,'''I never had plastic surgery. I had a nose procedure done because I had to. I had no cartilage in my nose; I have a piece of cartilage from my ear put into my nose. I had a medical procedure done. I have no plastic in my nose.''' ,'''I haven't always been vocal about my feelings, especially in a relationship.''' ,]
+++