+++
author = "Erica Fernandes"
title = "Erica Fernandes Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Erica Fernandes Quotes"
keywords = "erica fernandes,erica fernandes quotes,erica fernandes quote,erica fernandes sayings,erica fernandes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I heard about how big a star Puneeth Rajkumar is, I was anxious about working with him. It was only after we began shooting that I realized how chilled-out and down-to-earth he actually is. We worked hard on the set but also had fun doing so.''' ,'''As a child, I have always wanted to have my fingers in many pies, and working on television was always on my checklist.''' ,'''After doing modeling and films, I was always keen on doing TV. It was in my to-do-list. So when 'Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi' happened, I was more than happy.''' ,'''My mother takes care of my health. She makes sure that the food cooked is in olive oil. She takes charge of our health also because my dad is a heart patient. So on sets, I do take care of myself. But at home, it's my mother who is the boss of our health!''' ,'''I am very excited, as 'Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi' is my first show on television, and I am thrilled about this new adventure in my career. It is an honour to be associated with such a fantastic team.''' ,''''Buguri' is a romantic film, and I play Ganesh's love interest. Initially, I had just hoped to do one Kannada film since I'm a Kannadiga. Now, I'm even learning to converse in Kannada.''' ,'''I guess stars do not want to share anything about their personal life because then there is a question of where is the relationship going and so on and so forth.''' ,'''Its really important to have cooperative co-actors when you're working and specially when you are doing a daily soap.''' ,'''It's better to do one thing at a time and give your full concentration.''' ,'''After having acted in films down south, I always wanted to work on the small screen but couldn't say yes to everything that was being offered to me.''' ,'''I've visited Mangalore as a kid because we had relatives there. But I was born and brought up in Mumbai. So I don't know much about the place or the people.''' ,'''Doing a film and doing a TV show are poles apart. They are two different things, cannot be compared, but I enjoy doing both, as I love what I do.''' ,'''The simplest of simplest things makes me happy. I love small gestures and nature in life.''' ,'''I am never up for rain sequences because nothing can beat the excitement and thrill of natural rain.''' ,'''My father, Ralph Fernandes, was a model before he became an interior designer. He was very supportive of my decision to become a model and then an actress.''' ,'''I've always wanted to model and act. My first break came to me when I was at a parlour to get a haircut. The salon owner asked me if I would model for them.''' ,'''One cannot take natural resources for granted just to entertain viewers.''' ,'''I enjoy my work, and I take what appeals to me.''' ,'''The whole saas-bahu drama is very cliched. I feel there's already too much of that on TV. So I was waiting for something like 'Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi.' The show offered a fresh and interesting plot.''' ,'''I feel adventure associations in our country can be the best but somehow are lazy about getting their act together.''' ,'''My hair is quite silky and straight; however, every time I wash my hair in Hyderabad, it almost turns into a broom. The water is quite hard, and I didn't realise what the problem was until I saw another friend of mine facing a similar issue.''' ,'''My sky diving experience was spectacular, to say the least. The number of safety measures and repeated cross checks make it safer. The team did not let us jump alone, as individuals are not expected to have the expertise to do so safely on their own.''' ,'''Being in the public eye puts you in a fix, and people are always wanting to know what you are up to.''' ,]
+++