+++
author = "Jessamyn West"
title = "Jessamyn West Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Jessamyn West Quotes"
keywords = "jessamyn west,jessamyn west quotes,jessamyn west quote,jessamyn west sayings,jessamyn west saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We want the facts to fit the preconceptions. When they don't it is easier to ignore the facts than to change the preconceptions.''' ,'''Nothing is so dear as what you're about to leave.''' ,'''In my time and neighborhood (and in my soul) there was only one standard by which a woman measured success: did some man want her?''' ,'''Talent is helpful in writing, but guts are absolutely necessary.''' ,'''Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures.''' ,'''A rattlesnake that doesn't bite teaches you nothing.''' ,'''There are two barriers that often prevent communication between the young and their elders. The first is middle-aged forgetfulness of the fact that they themselves are no longer young. The second is youthful ignorance of the fact that the middle aged are still alive.''' ,'''If you want a baby, have a new one. Don't baby the old one.''' ,'''Memory is a magnet. It will pull to it and hold only material nature has designed it to attract.''' ,'''We can love an honest rogue, but what is more offensive than a false saint?''' ,'''A religious awakening which does not awaken the sleeper to love has roused him in vain.''' ,'''The West is color. Its colors are animal rather than vegetable, the colors of earth and sunlight and ripeness.''' ,'''Only a fool would refuse to enter a fool's paradise when that's the only paradise he'll ever have a chance to enter.''' ,'''Groan and forget it.''' ,'''Faithfulness to the past can be a kind of death above ground. Writing of the past is a resurrection; the past then lives in your words and you are free.''' ,'''It is very east to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit and gumption to forgive them for having witnessed your own.''' ,'''You read a book from beginning to end. You run a business the opposite way. You start with the end, and then you do everything you must to reach it.''' ,'''I've done more harm by the falseness of trying to please than by the honesty of trying to hurt.''' ,'''If you train people properly, they won't be able to tell a drill from the real thing. If anything, the real thing will be easier.''' ,'''The past is really almost as much a work of the imagination as the future.''' ,'''Sleeplessness is a desert without vegetation or inhabitants.''' ,'''Teaching is the royal road to learning.''' ,'''Writing is a solitary occupation. Family, friends, and society are the natural enemies of the writer. He must be alone, uninterrupted, and slightly savage if he is to sustain and complete an undertaking.''' ,'''Justice is a terrible but necessary thing.''' ,'''The sick soon come to understand that they live in a different world from that of the well and that the two cannot communicate.''' ,'''The basic essential of a great actor is that he loves himself in acting.''' ,'''The source of one's joy is also often the source of one's sorrow.''' ,'''In their sympathies, children feel nearer animals than adults.''' ,'''A taste for irony has kept more hearts from breaking than a sense of humor, for it takes irony to appreciate the joke which is on oneself.''' ,'''A broken bone can heal, but the wound a word opens can fester forever.''' ,'''A big iron needle stitching the country together.''' ,]
+++