+++
author = "Ludwig Van Beethoven"
title = "Ludwig Van Beethoven Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Ludwig Van Beethoven Quotes"
keywords = "ludwig van beethoven,ludwig van beethoven quotes,ludwig van beethoven quote,ludwig van beethoven sayings,ludwig van beethoven saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A true artist is expected to be all that is noble-minded, and this is not altogether a mistake; on the other hand, however, in what a mean way are critics allowed to pounce upon us.''' ,'''Only the pure in heart can make a good soup.''' ,'''Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears from the eyes of woman.''' ,'''I joyfully hasten to meet death. If it come before I have had opportunity to develop all my artistic faculties, it will come, my hard fate notwithstanding, too soon, and I should probably wish it later - yet even then I shall be happy, for will it not deliver me from a state of endless suffering?''' ,'''Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.''' ,'''I will seize fate by the throat; it shall certainly never wholly overcome me.''' ,'''I must confess that I lead a miserable life. For almost two years, I have ceased to attend any social functions, just because I find it impossible to say to people, 'I am deaf.' If I had any other profession, I might be able to cope with my infirmity; but in my profession, it is a terrible handicap.''' ,'''The barriers are not erected which can say to aspiring talents and industry, 'Thus far and no farther.'''' ,'''Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.''' ,'''Recommend virtue to your children; it alone, not money, can make them happy. I speak from experience.''' ,'''Off with you! You're a happy fellow, for you'll give happiness and joy to many other people. There is nothing better or greater than that!''' ,'''Don't only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets; art deserves that, for it and knowledge can raise man to the Divine.''' ,'''Often, I can scarcely hear any one speaking to me; the tones yes, but not the actual words; yet as soon as any one shouts, it is unbearable. What will come of all this, heaven only knows!''' ,'''Music comes to me more readily than words.''' ,'''There ought to be an artistic depot where the artist need only hand in his artwork in order to receive what he asks for. As things are, one must be half a business man, and how can one understand - good heavens! - that's what I really call troublesome.''' ,'''Nothing is more intolerable than to have to admit to yourself your own errors.''' ,'''Beethoven can write music, thank God, but he can do nothing else on earth.''' ,'''Tones sound, and roar and storm about me until I have set them down in notes.''' ,'''Friends applaud, the comedy is over.''' ,'''I only live in my music, and I have scarcely begun one thing when I start on another. As I am now working, I am often engaged on three or four things at the same time.''' ,'''What you are, you are by accident of birth; what I am, I am by myself. There are and will be a thousand princes; there is only one Beethoven.''' ,'''A great poet is the most precious jewel of a nation.''' ,'''Music from my fourth year began to be the first of my youthful occupations. Thus early acquainted with the gracious muse who tuned my soul to pure harmonies, I became fond of her, and, as it often seemed to me, she of me.''' ,'''O, you men who think or say that I am malevolent, stubborn or misanthropic, how greatly do you wrong me. You do not know the secret cause which makes me seem that way to you, and I would have ended my life - it was only my art that held me back. Ah, it seemed impossible to leave the world until I had brought forth all that I felt was within me.''' ,'''Music is the wine which inspires one to new generative processes, and I am Bacchus who presses out this glorious wine for mankind and makes them spiritually drunken.''' ,'''Music is the one incorporeal entrance into the higher world of knowledge which comprehends mankind but which mankind cannot comprehend.''' ,'''Art! Who comprehends her? With whom can one consult concerning this great goddess?''' ,'''This is the mark of a really admirable man: steadfastness in the face of trouble.''' ,'''When somewhat at a distance, I cannot hear the high tones of instruments, voices. In speaking, it is not surprising that there are people who have never noticed it, for as a rule I am absent-minded, and they account for it in that way.''' ,'''The true artist is not proud: he unfortunately sees that art has no limits; he feels darkly how far he is from the goal, and though he may be admired by others, he is sad not to have reached that point to which his better genius only appears as a distant, guiding sun.''' ,]
+++