+++
author = "Christa B. Allen"
title = "Christa B. Allen Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Christa B. Allen Quotes"
keywords = "christa b. allen,christa b. allen quotes,christa b. allen quote,christa b. allen sayings,christa b. allen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Along with rock climbing, I hike and I like to go to the beach, anything outdoors and anything that takes me out of the everyday.''' ,'''I carry a disposable camera. It takes me back to my childhood, when you had to develop your film and wait to see what pictures you got.''' ,'''I travel with chocolate - Godiva with caramel. When the craving hits, I have to have it. I share, but if I'm on my last one, I've been known to say, 'Sorry, I'm out!'''' ,'''Leonardo DiCaprio as Jack in 'Titanic' was my childhood crush!''' ,'''I feel like any experience you can have which adds to your repertoire of things you've done and can add to your character - I'm willing to try.''' ,'''I'm dying to go to India... because the culture seems so vastly different from what I'm used to in the States. I would love to do some yoga there. And be amongst people who are so different than myself. There's so much you can learn from people who grew up in a different environment.''' ,'''I like to travel any chance I get, even if it's just a local vacation to San Diego or Palm Springs or wherever. I just like to get out and do stuff and see the world.''' ,'''I think the years leading up to 21 were a bit more fun than 21 and beyond might be.''' ,'''Sometimes work is a bit slow, and I always wanted to be a princess at Disneyland. There were 1,500 of us who auditioned, and 11 of us were hired. I went through all of the training, but never ended up actually getting to play Belle because 'Revenge' started. It was the time of my life, though!''' ,'''I like to get a rise out of my mom with what I wear - I always go for the tallest heels or something super trendy.''' ,'''I don't use a wallet. My money is just free-flowing in my bag.''' ,'''I want to play a princess or some woman from royalty or aristocracy. If I get to have an accent, even better. And I want to play a butt-kicking superhero, like Catwoman.''' ,'''On my first day shooting '13 Going on 30,' Jennifer Garner had yellow tulips sent to my trailer. I'll never forget them.''' ,'''I love school, but when I was going to school, I sort of used it as an opportunity to figure out what I love to do.''' ,'''My hair is too fine to bleach. I get so much breakage, it's not worth it to dye it.''' ,]
+++