+++
author = "Cornel West"
title = "Cornel West Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Cornel West Quotes"
keywords = "cornel west,cornel west quotes,cornel west quote,cornel west sayings,cornel west saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel as if I have been blessed to undergo a transformation from 'gangster' to 'redeemed sinner with gangster proclivities.'''' ,'''The problem is we need much more moral content.''' ,'''It's impossible to translate Wall Street greed into one or two demands.''' ,'''I have nothing against rich brothers and sisters. Pray for 'em every day. But callousness and indifference, greed and avarice is something that's shot through all of us.''' ,'''Racism is a moral catastrophe, most graphically seen in the prison industrial complex and targeted police surveillance in black and brown ghettos rendered invisible in public discourse.''' ,'''When you socially neglect a people, when you economically abandon a people, when you transfer wealth from them to the well-to-do, what are a people going to do? They're going to respond with very sad forms of despair, and that's true for everybody - I don't care what color you are.''' ,'''Part of the popularity with Louis Farrakhan has less to do with the content of his message and more to do with the form that he portrays himself - as being a free black person who speaks what is on his mind with boldness and fearlessness. Who is willing to pay the consequences.''' ,'''We have a market-driven society so obsessed with buying and selling and obsessed with power and pleasure and property.''' ,'''Clever gimmicks of mass distraction yield a cheap soulcraft of addicted and self-medicated narcissists.''' ,'''There is no fundamental social change by being simply of individual and interpersonal actions. You have to have organizations and institutions that make a fundamental difference.''' ,'''Neofascism in the United States takes the form of big money, big banks, big corporations, tied to xenophobic scapegoating of the vulnerable, like Mexicans and Muslims and women and black folk, and militaristic policies abroad, with strongman, charismatic, autocratic personality, and that's what Donald Trump is.''' ,'''There has certainly been ugly, right-wing hatred targeting Barack Obama.''' ,'''We need to put strong Democratic pressure on President Obama in the name of poor and working people.''' ,'''Love and trust and justice, concern for the poor, that's being pushed to the margins, and you can see it.''' ,'''Now, myself, I'm not a pacifist at all. I believe in just war. I would have joined the spirit of the nation to fight against apartheid.''' ,'''Black prophetic fire is the hypersensitivity to the suffering of others that generates a righteous indignation that results in the willingness to live and die for freedom.''' ,'''I'm against genocide. I'm against fascism. I'm willing to fight against them so that, in that sense, I think one can still be committed to justice and committed to peace but recognize the circumstances under which one does have to fight.''' ,'''My dear brother Barack Obama has a certain fear of free black men. As a young brother who grows up in a white context, brilliant African father, he's always had to fear being a white man with black skin. All he has known culturally is white. He has a certain rootlessness, a deracination.''' ,'''A neoliberal disaster is one who generates a mass incarceration regime, who deregulates banks and markets, who promotes chaos of regime change in Libya, supports military coups in Honduras, undermines some of the magnificent efforts in Haiti of working people, and so forth.''' ,'''Fire really means a certain kind of burning in the soul that one can no longer tolerate when one is pushed against a wall.''' ,'''I've never been tied to one party or one candidate or even one institution. And that's true even with one church as a Christian. I'm committed to truth and justice.''' ,'''Larry Summers, I think, he had a long history of arrogance and relative ignorance about poor people's culture and working people's culture and so forth.''' ,'''Poor people and working people have not been the focus of the Obama administration. That for me is not just a disappointment but a kind of betrayal.''' ,'''A black agenda is jobs, jobs, jobs, quality education, investment in infrastructure and strong democratic regulation of corporations. The black agenda, at its best, looks at America from the vantage point of the least of these and asks what's best for all.''' ,'''I'm not saying that President Obama should be exempt from criticism, nor do I believe it is some act of racial treason for a black person to hold our president accountable for his actions.''' ,'''I take my fundamental cue from John Coltrane that says there must be a priority of integrity, honesty, decency, and mastery of craft.''' ,'''Black people have been working hard for decades.''' ,'''Barack Obama commits war crimes - Somalia, Yemen. He commits war crimes in Pakistan, Afghanistan. Martin Luther King Jr. tried to keep a spotlight on war crimes, to keep track of the innocents killed... There is a major clash.''' ,'''There is something about boldness and fearlessness and being free enough to speak what is on one's mind that warrants freedom.''' ,'''I'm an old Coltrane disciple just like I'm a Christian.''' ,'''We want to bear witness today that we know the relation between corporate greed and what goes on too often in the Supreme Court decisions.''' ,'''There is always a very delicate interplay between individual actions and institutional conditions. But there is no such thing as institutional conditions without any individual actions and no such thing as individual action without institutional conditions. So there is always personal responsibility.''' ,'''I tend to be one who just speaks from my soul, and so what comes out sometimes is rather harsh. In that sense, I'm very much a part of the tradition of a Frederick Douglass or a Malcolm X who used hyperbolic language at times to bring attention to the state of emergency.''' ,'''It's never a question of skin pigmentation. It's never a question of just culture or sexual orientation or civilization. It's what kind of human being you're going to choose to be from your mama's womb to the tomb and what kind of legacy will you leave.''' ,'''I am excited to have a black president because white supremacy is real and it needs to be shattered.''' ,'''We want an economic team, Paul Krugman and Robert Kuttner, Joseph Steiglitz's people and others, who say, you know what? We're sophisticated economists but we're concerned about poor and working people.''' ,'''If they think they have issues with the president not doing enough for the poor now, wait and see what happens if the opposition takes office. Then they would really need a poverty tour.''' ,'''And when I talk about love, I'm talking about something that's great, though, brother. I'm talking about something that will sustain you.''' ,'''If you view life as a gold rush, you're going to end up worshiping a golden calf. And when you call for help, and that golden calf can't respond, you go under.''' ,'''Hey, you got something going here. I think we've got a chance for some progressive policy that actually focuses on poor and working people.''' ,'''When you teach black people that they are less beautiful, less moral, less intelligent, and as a result you defer to the white supremacist status quo, you rationalize your accommodation to the status quo, you lose your fire, you become much more tied to producing foliage, what appears to be the case.''' ,'''We had a much deeper sense of community in '67 than we do in '97. This is important to say that not in a nostalgic way because it's not as if '67 was a time when things were so good.''' ,'''King's response to our crisis can be put in one word: revolution. A revolution in our priorities, a reevaluation of our values, a reinvigoration of our public life and a fundamental transformation of our way of thinking and living that promotes a transfer of power from oligarchs and plutocrats to everyday people and ordinary citizens.''' ,'''Every president needs to deal with the permanent government of the country, and the permanent government of the country is Wall Street oligarchs and corporate plutocrats and the questions becomes what is the relationship between that president and Wall Street.''' ,'''Martin Luther King Jr. was not just a man of peace. He was a radical pacifist, and so he was against war across the board.''' ,'''We will not allow this day of the Martin Luther King, Jr. Memorial to go without somebody going to jail.''' ,'''I always felt called to serve, to empower and ennoble as many people as I could, teaching, truth-telling, exposing lies, bearing witness, and being willing to live and die for something bigger than yourself. I had a passion and love of learning and wisdom that was inseparable from a love of music and the arts.''' ,'''You've got to be a thermostat rather than a thermometer. A thermostat shapes the climate of opinion; a thermometer just reflects it.''' ,'''Anytime I look at a president, I don't care what color he is.''' ,]
+++