+++
author = "Nelsan Ellis"
title = "Nelsan Ellis Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Nelsan Ellis Quotes"
keywords = "nelsan ellis,nelsan ellis quotes,nelsan ellis quote,nelsan ellis sayings,nelsan ellis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Although I can be a leading man, you wouldn't look at me and go, 'He's a leading man.'''' ,'''I am a vampire/werewolf and sci-fi fanatic. God is so good! I get to play in a series that has all that!''' ,'''I went from unknown to having no anonymity.''' ,'''I think, in this country, anybody can do whatever they want to do as long as it's not hurting anybody else or violating the laws of society.''' ,'''I was raised by women.''' ,'''My years at Thornridge probably changed the course of my life.''' ,'''Anna Paquin is marvelous, and she brings so much experience to the table.''' ,'''I had no intention of being an actor.''' ,'''When you deal with Alan Ball, you're dealing with a person who is a genius in terms of how art imitates life.''' ,'''There were not many black students at Juilliard, unfortunately. So when you get there, you become very good friends, in particular, with the other black students.''' ,'''I rejected being a lot of things that I grew up in, and yet I didn't. I got all my tactics from where I grew up... I can talk about all the people in those environments more than I can talk about the teachers at Juilliard or anyone else.''' ,'''I'm not an emotional person; I keep it in, and I wouldn't know how to get it out if it weren't for acting and writing.''' ,'''At some point in my life, I wanted to be in a vampire movie.''' ,'''You have to be a tough gay person in the South.''' ,'''When I moved to Chicago, I was coming from a school that didn't have any arts in Alabama. I essentially came from a town where the arts didn't exist and the desire for education didn't exist and wasn't valued.''' ,'''But no one told me that when you're in the military, they own you.''' ,'''There are homophobic people in my family. They're deeply religious.''' ,'''The arts are suffering amongst public schools, but also, minority theater companies are struggling, and I firmly believe in freedom of expression through the arts.''' ,''''Interview with a Vampire' is my all-time favorite. I also loved 'An American Werewolf in London.'''' ,'''Alan Ball, he's good at challenging his actors, I'll say that.''' ,'''Being different makes you beautiful.''' ,'''If you want to get married to a man, then get married to a man. If two women want to get married, they should get married. It's not hurting me.''' ,'''The sci-fi fans in America... they are die-hard. They will follow you to the ends of the Earth. Once they attach themselves to a show and believe in the show and love the characters, they're there forever, and they're unshakeable.''' ,'''I can't approach a character with judgment.''' ,'''Domestic violence is an epidemic, and yet we don't address it. Until it happens to celebrities.''' ,'''I see a project, and I say I want to audition for it, and people let me audition for it. There's a lot to be grateful for.''' ,'''Boot camp was the first time I got a heavy dose of discipline. It was the best thing that ever happened to me.''' ,'''I don't look anything like my mother, except when I'm Lafayette. I look like my father.''' ,'''I love working with Alexander Skarsgard. He brings such gravity to a scene.''' ,'''Being different gives the world color.''' ,'''You have to learn to not hate who you have to live with.''' ,'''Let gay people get married.''' ,'''With 'True Blood,' you don't know what to expect. You don't know how wild it's gonna get.''' ,'''The ultimate part that I want to play in my life is Jimi Hendrix, so I guess I'm drawn to music even though I can't sing or dance very well.''' ,'''Everybody kept saying, 'I just don't know how to sell you.' I'm odd. I don't think you can put a finger on me.''' ,'''I was quiet, and I was artistic. I liked writing poetry, and that was very strange, so I was bullied a lot.''' ,'''Acting is the only thing that makes me happy.''' ,'''Whenever you have a character in which one of his defining qualities is his sexuality, it's always challenging, because you don't want to bring in someone who's going to play that in a phony way.''' ,'''You go back to my town, it's like going back to the 1960s... just not a great place to grow up.''' ,'''When you're in a position that you can comfortably give, you need to pay it forward.''' ,'''When I wanted to become a serious actor, this girl told me, 'You should go to Juilliard.' And I said, 'Okay.'''' ,'''My mom's side, they're southern Baptist Christian.''' ,'''The beautiful thing about this country is that I can be a Christian and feel free to do so. Or somebody cannot be a Christian and do whatever that entails. Or somebody can be a Christian and still be gay, and I support it.''' ,'''When you act with phenomenal actors, it makes your job much easier because all you have to do is react.''' ,'''It's hard to get an education when teachers spend 70 percent of their time trying to discipline students.''' ,'''Fiona Shaw is a goddess to me.''' ,'''I empty myself out and fill myself with the character. I would play a devil worshipper, and I would fill myself up with whatever devil worshippers believe. Then, as myself, I empty that out and become Nelsan.''' ,'''I can play a doctor, and I can play a thug.''' ,'''I'd always dabbled in acting.''' ,'''I was quiet. If I really wanted to say something, I would. I just wasn't interested in saying anything.''' ,'''My idea of horses is from when I grew up on a farm. They were big, and they were dumb.''' ,]
+++