+++
author = "Ravi Shastri"
title = "Ravi Shastri Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Ravi Shastri Quotes"
keywords = "ravi shastri,ravi shastri quotes,ravi shastri quote,ravi shastri sayings,ravi shastri saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''With Virat Kohli, what you see is what you get.''' ,'''If you have the leader under pressure always go for him. You need to get stuck in. You have to make the game as tough as you can.''' ,'''What my endeavour is to see a happy Indian team playing cricket.''' ,'''Sometimes in the subcontinent you just need five batsmen.''' ,'''You know, when a fast bowler comes back after a series of five Test matches and then straightaway has to go into a one-day series with a three-day break, a T20 series with a one-day break, it is tough.''' ,'''Life is much like batting, treating every ball on merit.''' ,'''Sometimes wisdom comes to us when it can no longer do any good.''' ,'''We want Indian cricket to carry on.''' ,'''There are a few people who are waiting to see the end of MS Dhoni. But great players like him decide their own future.''' ,'''In my days, I played under several captains, none of whom were alike.''' ,'''It's going to get harder and harder to find guys who will play for ten years in all formats of the game, and whoever does it, good luck to him - he'll be a great batsman or bowler.''' ,'''If you look at cricket per se, if you didn't have T20 cricket, Test cricket will die. People don't realise. You just play Test cricket, and don't play one-day cricket and T20 cricket, and speak to me after 10 years. The economics will just not allow the game to survive.''' ,'''How do you pick players? When they are good, and Dhoni is the best limited-overs keeper in the country.''' ,'''I am more into fine-tuning, mindsets, and how you play the game. Very rarely will I go and tinker with a player unless I think it is needed.''' ,'''We are a country obsessed by records. For us, hundreds, ten thousand runs, and large haul of wickets are more important than the performance of the Indian team.''' ,'''As long as we win more than we lose, we are happy.''' ,'''In local cricket, I scored big hundreds and picked wickets against good teams.''' ,'''A few good words don't just make your day but they also give the sense of belonging and confidence to take the next big step forward.''' ,'''As a child I played cricket as a hobby. Once you started playing for your school, you became more ambitious. You reckoned you could play for the state. Then you started to think about the country. But it happened so quickly for me, I started playing for the school at 13, for Bombay at 17, and at 18 I was in the Indian side.''' ,'''The beauty of Test cricket is all about playing an opponent in their backyard or defending home turf under challenging conditions over five days - dominating each session, dominating each day, picking 20 wickets to win a contest. That's historically been cricket's most fascinating gift.''' ,'''It's not that every time India play they will have their best team on the park because there are bound to be injuries and other factors.''' ,'''India has given too much emphasis on players' records than on the actual performance of the team.''' ,'''Aggressive cricket is a form of cricket where you play to win.''' ,'''I focus on the present.''' ,'''We play every game to win and take the game forward. And if in trying to win we lose a game, tough luck.''' ,'''I was a very determined cricketer. I treated the opening position as a challenge. Big names and tough attacks brought the best out of me.''' ,'''Virat is in your face, he wants to dominate and has a work ethic like no one else. Whether it comes to discipline, training, sacrifice or self-denial, it is unbelievable.''' ,'''When you are asked to open the batting in overcast conditions, it is a challenge.''' ,'''Sometimes it might be the junior-most player in the team who may come up with a strategy which we hadn't even thought of and we need to bring that to the table.''' ,'''Dhoni is a superstar. He is one of our greatest cricketers. When you have a career as glorious as that, you become a topic on television.''' ,'''It's a privilege and an honour to be a part of the Indian team setup.''' ,'''We have to do what's best for the team, as simple as that.''' ,'''I've always maintained that winning and losing will be part of the sport.''' ,'''If I have done a competent job, I should be respected for my competency.''' ,'''It's always the captain's team and it is the leader who calls the shots.''' ,'''Half the guys commenting on MS Dhoni can't even tie their shoelaces.''' ,'''Sometimes acknowledging your erroneous ways is the first step to redemption.''' ,'''Fearless means trusting your instincts and clarity of thought. Once you have made up your mind, don't be scared of what if.''' ,'''I love coverage, bring it on, as simple as that.''' ,'''It is the cynicism that kills all the joy. I'm not that kind of a guy. I look at the glass half-full.''' ,'''In a side when you have 15 players there will always be times when there will be opinions that will be different. That is what is needed.''' ,'''One-day cricket and T20s have vastly different identities and one cannot look at it through the mere lens of 'white-ball cricket.'''' ,'''When you have seven to eight players performing game after game, you are on an absolute roll.''' ,'''If we are confident of what we can do, then all opposition simply has to be treated as a whole.''' ,'''My job is to do exactly that with every player - to put him in a frame of mind where he is thinking only about his role and he is thinking about the team he is playing for and, of course, the opposition which we always respect.''' ,'''Between 50 overs and 20 overs, there is a big difference, because there is 30 extra overs of fielding and six extra overs to bowl, and that can take its toll.''' ,'''I am a professional, I believe in work ethics, I believe in contracts.''' ,'''As long as we know the job we are doing and we are honest to our jobs, as long as support staff we are helping players channelise their energies in the right direction, we are not worried about what critics say.''' ,'''I don't want everyone toeing the same line. You have got to have discussions and someone might then think of a fresh strategy, which has to be encouraged.''' ,'''Responsibility and accountability has to be taken by the top order.''' ,'''As far as I am concerned, I have never seen any Indian batsman perform better than Virat on Australian soil keeping Sachin Tendulkar and VVS Laxman in mind as they have done exceptionally well.''' ,'''In a tournament like the World Cup, you have got to be on top of your game every game.''' ,'''Virat is everywhere. He is hands on, and very communicative. That's what you want in a captain.''' ,'''As an opener, your mindset has to be different. When you need to open in Tests, you might get out in the first 10 balls.''' ,'''The coach and support staff's role is to get the players in the most brilliant frame of mind to execute things and if done effectively, it brings enjoyment to the player's game.''' ,'''In Australia nothing comes easy. It's one of the hardest places to play.''' ,'''You have to look at youth in whatever you do, in whatever walk of life at some stage.''' ,'''The job satisfaction that an opener gets no other batsman gets.''' ,'''The grade contracts of a Test player should be the highest.''' ,'''You can't sideline players who can take a good helping for themselves in the Power Plays.''' ,'''Sometimes in cricket nothing is automatic; when automatic fails you need some fuel.''' ,'''I am used to challenges, bring on another one.''' ,'''You don't come to a cricket ground to draw a cricket match.''' ,'''The World Cup has its own space that needs to be respected.''' ,'''I never want to shy away from a challenge.''' ,'''Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni, the respect they have for each other is unbelievable, so it makes my job in the dressing room so much easier.''' ,'''It's not worth scoring thousands of runs if your team keeps on losing.''' ,'''My batting took some time to develop - I was batting at No. 10 initially but my bowling took off.''' ,'''Captains have their own personalities and the best ones make players adapt to their thinking and methods.''' ,'''We all know the soil in western India has a reddish tinge. In cricketing parlance it means a ticket to party for the spinners at the start and end of a cricket season.''' ,'''I firmly believe Test series should never be two Test matches, three is enough.''' ,'''I've been doing breathing routines for years. It is massive. It helped me in commentary as well.''' ,'''I am a winner, man.''' ,'''Sometimes when you are playing non-stop international cricket in all formats - which was the case with Jadeja - you do well one day, get hammered the next, and immediately the spotlight is on you. That eats into you.''' ,'''A coach's role, effectively speaking, is to stay in the background and let the onus be on the players.''' ,'''I have been manager, director, now I am head coach, and it's the same role. Absolutely the same role.''' ,'''I believe that tours should be only three Tests. With the amount of these things that is taking place, you will find that once you go for five-Test match series, 80-90% of the times the home team will win and you will see teams going straight down after the third match.''' ,'''When you set out on a journey, you set the bar high but you don't know what you can achieve.''' ,'''An 'A' grade cricketer like Pujara should get a massive amount where he is not bothered whether he plays IPL or not.''' ,'''There's never been a weak South African or Australian team. They are fighters.''' ,'''Opening is about the mindset. You got to respect the new ball.''' ,'''When you are watching a cricket match, and a side is 140 for 5 and another 100 plus to get in trying conditions and when you get that without losing a wicket, not only is that entertainment, it shows all the qualities a sportsperson should have to reach the top level.''' ,'''When you are playing a Test match, you would like to be playing with your strongest side.''' ,'''The boss is the captain on the cricket field. I am in charge of the coaching staff. That's put into place. My job is to oversee things and see things go all right. Who cares who's the boss? At the end of the day, you win and to hell with it, yaar.''' ,'''When you play the game, you want your mind clear. You want to be able to focus inwards without a care in the world for anything outside.''' ,'''Individual don't matter, and we should all work in the best interest of Indian cricket. It should take the centre-stage.''' ,'''I like honeymoons. The more the merrier.''' ,'''Once you have a good bowling attack that can take 20 wickets anywhere, then no game is an away game. Every game is a home game. It doesn't matter what the pitch is, you have the ammunition.''' ,'''Take up a challenge and treat it as an opportunity. Once you do that and succeed, all you want in life is more such opportunities.''' ,'''MS Dhoni is a massive influence on the team. He is a living legend in the dressing room and an ornament to the game.''' ,'''Let me say this: MS Dhoni has earned the right to retire when he wants to.''' ,'''I always considered myself an allrounder.''' ,'''I have little patience or time for nonsense that's spread around.''' ,'''It's important to have the right mix of experience and youth.''' ,'''Mahendra Singh Dhoni is the undisputed leader of the Indian cricket team.''' ,'''We live life in the present.''' ,'''You've got to nip things that can be detrimental in the bud, even if this raises a few eyebrows or invites some opposition.''' ,'''Opening for the first time in Test cricket, I scored 128 against the likes of Sarfraz Nawaz and Imran Khan.''' ,'''The classical art of spin bowling, how you should bowl in Test match cricket, is disappearing.''' ,]
+++