+++
author = "Erin Wasson"
title = "Erin Wasson Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Erin Wasson Quotes"
keywords = "erin wasson,erin wasson quotes,erin wasson quote,erin wasson sayings,erin wasson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To be given the reins of creativity is a beautiful thing when you're used to just showing up to a casting and standing there having clothes put on you.''' ,'''When you're comfortable, you're more confident - I really believe that. If you're walking around in a dress or a pair of shoes that are uncomfortable, it reads all over you.''' ,'''I never expected to be a model. I never expected to be a stylist. Or a designer.''' ,'''In the United States of America, we are so liberal-minded on so many different aspects, but for some reason there's always going to be this weird connection with nudity being a bad thing. Americans can be so prude sometimes.''' ,'''I don't like precious things; I don't spend thousands of dollars on jewellery for myself. I like going into a junk store and finding something for five dollars. That's my style.''' ,'''When I find something at a flea market or an antique store, it feels more special and I'm more inclined to want to wear it.''' ,'''I really like the idea of being utilitarian. My dream is to edit down my wardrobe and be very Japanese, where you have one rolling rack and it's like your four T-shirts, your five dresses, your two pairs of jeans.''' ,'''I shop a lot more for furniture than I do for clothes. I much prefer going to an antique shop full of obscurities.''' ,'''When I'm not working, I want to be the version of the person that I was born to be. I was born with curly hair. It fits my personality, and it's totally who I am. I am rough around the edges, and I am not a polished girl.''' ,'''The older I get, I'm definitely getting pulled towards the West Coast, because it's a different quality of life. New York is great when you're in your early 20s and you're running around and it's really fun, but it's a place for me to get things done.''' ,'''I think people find it weird that I have a lot of long antique-lace dresses that I wear with boots.''' ,'''I'm a huge Dallas Mavs fan. What I love about Dirk Nowitzki is he has just as much talent as everyone else, if not more, and he never toots his own horn. He's this silent warrior.''' ,'''I love being a gypsy. Home is between New York and California.''' ,'''I was a total jock growing up. I went to super-dorky basketball clinics and was handpicked to play on a state team called the Texas Heat.''' ,'''The older I get, the more I like the idea of utilitarianism. I think that I'm not a trend-driven person. I really believe in keeping your canvas very basic and sort of adding the accouterments from there. I look at creating intrigue with outfits through accessories.''' ,'''I loathe hair salons. People have always told me I am in the wrong business because I can't stand getting my hair cut or having it messed around with. Hairdressers feel as if they've got to be your shrinks. I just want them to do my hair so I can get out of there.''' ,'''The people who really know me understand that I have a tough exterior, but I'm actually just a hippie at heart.''' ,'''I'm really not into that super-crazy-colour, smiley-faces-on-the-front-of-your-dress look. That's not my thing. You're not going to see me in pink. Or anything frilly. Or a tutu. Or bows.''' ,'''My perspective is hard because I look at wardrobe from very much a guy's perspective. You look at my closet and I have pairs of black jeans and five button-downs, but one's silk, one's cotton. They all are slightly different, so that's my perspective.''' ,'''I want to create a lifestyle niche for that cool girl who's really into fashion but not too obsessed with it.''' ,'''I'm passionate about being true to myself, sending good energy to the people around me, traveling, staying inspired, being a good friend, being a good daughter, being a good sister.''' ,'''My mother gave me a pair of diamond earrings when I was 13. It symbolised becoming a teenager. I also remember getting a collection of costume jewellery from my grandmother when I was in high school.''' ,'''I think a lot of people know me for just wearing cut-off denim shorts, an oversized white T-shirt with a pair of high-heels. I usually do wear basic stuff. Jeans and a white T is my go-to look.''' ,'''I've never been a girly-girl, never drawn to things that are fussy.''' ,'''Each piece of jewellery tells a story of my life. Picking one particular piece as a favorite would be like taking a chapter out of a book.''' ,'''I love heights. I love speed. I'm on the verge of being a pyromaniac. Maybe my phobia is boredom.''' ,'''I've always been a girl with a massive opinion.''' ,'''I don't think about fashion or trends - I've never really been that kind of person.''' ,'''I don't have a background in design, so I think it's always about what I see in the world and what inspires me. So yes, I am designing for myself. I'm going through this whole evolution, which is a process of growing up and going from modeling to styling to designing.''' ,'''I'm really happy with everything that I've been fortunate enough to do and with the creative outlets I've been blessed to have.''' ,]
+++