+++
author = "Tomas Berdych"
title = "Tomas Berdych Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Tomas Berdych Quotes"
keywords = "tomas berdych,tomas berdych quotes,tomas berdych quote,tomas berdych sayings,tomas berdych saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's not so bad that I can't touch my toes. But I'm not one of the most flexible guys. When you look at Novak Djokovic, you'd probably think he's made of rubber.''' ,'''The grass is a very big challenge for me. There are these low bounces and different movements, which is very difficult, especially for my height and weight. When the surfaces change, and I start to play on grass, I start to feel it in the lower back and the lower hamstring.''' ,'''I think I can win a slam. That's my main goal, and if I could choose one, then yes, it would have to be Wimbledon. But, honestly, I would take any one of them.''' ,'''I do a lot of biking. I need that mileage and the long-distance stuff because tennis demands it. My fitness trainer is always trying to convince me to do an Ironman. I can probably run the marathon, I can make the 112 miles on the bike, but I will never swim for 2.4 miles. I will die after 100 meters.''' ,'''Every time I am off the tennis tour, I go back home.''' ,'''Tennis players need to be very focused and very intense, and I can show tennis players are not just hitting the little yellow ball and moving in between the white lines. I'm always trying to show my personality outside of the court.''' ,'''Whoever has played tennis knows the court is pretty big and you always have space to put the ball in.''' ,'''I can see that the tennis for the fans could be a bit boring, and these days you have these new modern things which you can do, and you have a lot of time, because you just play a match, and practise, and many times in between you can bring many things to the fans.''' ,'''It's always hard to find the best friends in the locker room because we are all competing against each other - but the real friends you are going to definitely find off the court because we are competitors in between.''' ,]
+++