+++
author = "David Newman"
title = "David Newman Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 David Newman Quotes"
keywords = "david newman,david newman quotes,david newman quote,david newman sayings,david newman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Playing in an orchestra is where I learned the most about music.''' ,'''I'll probably always write film scores. It's the one place where a composer has almost unlimited resources at his beck and call. When music you have written works well in a film, nothing can beat it.''' ,'''There's a thing about film composing and conducting in my family.''' ,'''I actually played violin on 'E.T.' I used to be a violinist.''' ,'''I think there has never ever been a career like John Williams'. That whole 'Jaws' phenomenon - there's nobody that knows how to use music like Spielberg, and John is just the perfect analog to Spielberg.''' ,'''The Spirit is a kind of postmodern loner hero. He comes from nowhere; he has no real relationship to anything.''' ,'''Film music has a great history of composers and performers.''' ,'''I think John Williams, him and his team, have been incredible orchestrators. By that, I mean how he chooses which instrument plays which note.''' ,'''I'm not very interested in pops concerts. I'm interested in special events.''' ,'''I had no interest or intention of ever writing music. I was a professional violinist in my 20s. I was obsessed with conducting, and I was conducting as much as I could, and I was studying as much as I could. I went to USC; I got an undergrad degree in violin and a master's degree in conducting.''' ,'''We went to a very liberal Episcopalian church. It didn't take for me.''' ,'''To this day, I adore classical music, and I'm very interested in opera, which I found out later my father was also extremely fond of.''' ,'''I want to write theater pieces, opera, or some kind of amalgamation where there is singing, music and theater.''' ,'''We had a normal childhood. I played baseball, and we played violin in orchestras three times a week. I learned more from that than anything else.''' ,'''People who go to concerts hear Beethoven's symphonies hundreds of times, but 'Star Trek' is recorded, so it's not played all the time.''' ,]
+++