+++
author = "Mary Kay Ash"
title = "Mary Kay Ash Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Mary Kay Ash Quotes"
keywords = "mary kay ash,mary kay ash quotes,mary kay ash quote,mary kay ash sayings,mary kay ash saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''No matter how busy you are, you must take time to make the other person feel important.''' ,'''Give yourself something to work toward - constantly.''' ,'''Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.''' ,'''So many women just don't know how great they really are. They come to us all vogue outside and vague on the inside.''' ,'''Criticize the act, not the person.''' ,'''Left eyebrow raised, right eyebrow raised.''' ,'''Pretend that every single person you meet has a sign around his or her neck that says, 'Make me feel important.' Not only will you succeed in sales, you will succeed in life.''' ,'''The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang.''' ,'''Honesty is the cornerstone of all success, without which confidence and ability to perform shall cease to exist.''' ,'''We fall forward to succeed.''' ,'''For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.''' ,'''People fall forward to success.''' ,'''If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.''' ,'''We treat our people like royalty. If you honor and serve the people who work for you, they will honor and serve you.''' ,'''Most people live and die with their music still unplayed. They never dare to try.''' ,'''Central banks don't have divine wisdom. They try to do the best analysis they can and must be prepared to stand or fall by the quality of that analysis.''' ,'''We must have a theme, a goal, a purpose in our lives. If you don't know where you're aiming, you don't have a goal. My goal is to live my life in such a way that when I die, someone can say, she cared.''' ,'''Dare to risk public criticism.''' ,'''Aerodynamically, the bumble bee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumble bee doesn't know it so it goes on flying anyway.''' ,'''Every silver lining has a cloud.''' ,'''A good goal is like a strenuous exercise - it makes you stretch.''' ,'''Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.''' ,'''Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people.''' ,'''Everyone wants to be appreciated, so if you appreciate someone, don't keep it a secret.''' ,'''Sandwich every bit of criticism between two layers of praise.''' ,'''A company is only as good as the people it keeps.''' ,'''People are definitely a company's greatest asset. It doesn't make any difference whether the product is cars or cosmetics. A company is only as good as the people it keeps.''' ,'''A mediocre idea that generates enthusiasm will go further than a great idea that inspires no one.''' ,'''There are two things people want more than sex and money... recognition and praise.''' ,'''You can have anything in this world you want, if you want it badly enough and you're willing to pay the price.''' ,]
+++