+++
author = "Charles Evers"
title = "Charles Evers Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Charles Evers Quotes"
keywords = "charles evers,charles evers quotes,charles evers quote,charles evers sayings,charles evers saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The Republican Party is not inclusive.''' ,'''It's wrong to kill.''' ,'''I don't believe in welfare.''' ,'''I don't like a lot of social programs either because it makes you non-productive.''' ,'''I took Bobby Kennedy through the delta and he cried like a baby.''' ,'''I'm against an all-white anything or an all-black anything.''' ,'''Any time the country is split 50/50, the leader is wrong.''' ,'''We need to take responsibility and educate people. That's why black folks don't like me. I always say it's our responsibility to make safe neighborhoods. It's our job to get them cleaned up.''' ,'''Welfare makes you dependent upon someone to take care of you.''' ,'''I believe in most of the things Republicans stand for.''' ,'''I'm for economic independence.''' ,'''We've begun to get justice.''' ,'''I'm a Republican and I'm gonna stay a Republican because they need somebody like me to stay in the Party and keep hammering away.''' ,'''I'm a Republican, by the way.''' ,'''The Republican Party does not reach out.''' ,'''I'm for prayer in schools.''' ,'''This is a racist country.''' ,'''I'm against abortion.''' ,'''Speaking as a black person, welfare is the worst thing that's ever happened to us.''' ,'''I believe welfare makes you lazy and unproductive.''' ,'''I love the life I live. The Lord blessed me to be independent. I am independent.''' ,'''Two people will never be President in my lifetime. A woman and a black.''' ,'''Go down to the Republican headquarters. They ain't got a single black working there. Not one.''' ,'''The least I can do is show Medgar I still care. And Martin.''' ,'''I'd rather be dead and in heaven than afraid to do what I think is right.''' ,'''So I'm in the Republican Party for the same reason I was in the Democratic Party: to make sure blacks are included, along with everyone else.''' ,'''And we never got the mule, let alone the forty acres.''' ,'''The main thing I believe in is freedom.''' ,'''The problem is, the Republican Party hasn't done anything to make this country better and I speak as a Republican.''' ,'''Iraq did nothing to us. Iraq was not responsible for 9/11.''' ,'''Anybody who runs for president in this country and comes out as strong as the Democrats were about helping the poor folks and black folks is not going to win.''' ,'''I feel there should be blacks in every Party.''' ,'''I loved Clinton; not as a Democrat, but as a person.''' ,'''We've begun to put fear into those whites who think they can do anything they want to a black person and get away with it.''' ,]
+++