+++
author = "Shannyn Sossamon"
title = "Shannyn Sossamon Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Shannyn Sossamon Quotes"
keywords = "shannyn sossamon,shannyn sossamon quotes,shannyn sossamon quote,shannyn sossamon sayings,shannyn sossamon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Someone pays me a hundred bucks every Tuesday to DJ. I don't think I'll ever give that up.''' ,'''It's become like an urban myth. I don't know her. I don't know anybody she knows. I was standing there at the party by myself for an hour and then I left. Once I got those auditions, I worked really hard. Nobody did me any favors.''' ,'''I think the main thing I remembered throughout all of filming it was just that she just was extremely self-destructive. I think everybody can relate to that a little bit. She doesn't like herself.''' ,'''I really want to keep at it until I find out what I'm capable of.''' ,'''Less Than Zero and American Psycho were both really different, so I was just like, Okay, he's just really doesn't have anything pleasant to say, you know? But I get it. I get at least why it's difficult and what he's really doing.''' ,'''I was always interested in doing it, but I was so content with my life that I didn't really go after it.''' ,'''Most of the auditions I went on, I passed up the projects because I just wasn't interested. When I read A Knight's Tale, that was that. I knew I wanted to do this movie.''' ,'''You know when there's someone new on the rise and there's too much hype? I didn't want that to be me.''' ,'''But I'm trying not to be cynical - I don't want to be one of those people who has a cool opportunity and blows it. It's really amazing what's happening to me.''' ,'''I don't think I could live with myself if I stopped trying.''' ,'''I'm a film doll. But I'm enjoying it. So I'm gonna keep doing it.''' ,]
+++