+++
author = "Manny Pacquiao"
title = "Manny Pacquiao Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Manny Pacquiao Quotes"
keywords = "manny pacquiao,manny pacquiao quotes,manny pacquiao quote,manny pacquiao sayings,manny pacquiao saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Human anger does not produce the righteousness that God desires.''' ,'''I eat the same foods almost every day. I have my favorites like Filipino beef broth, chicken soup with lots and lots of rice.''' ,'''I'm just a regular person who believes life is simple, and I like a simple life.''' ,'''Boxing is not about your feelings. It's about performance.''' ,'''I don't mind having these relatives. I'll give them a little, since they all prayed for my victory.''' ,'''If we don't have God in our life, we're considered dead.''' ,'''I remember as a little boy I ate one meal a day and sometimes slept in the street. I will never forget that and it inspires me to fight hard, stay strong and remember all the people of my country, trying to achieve better for themselves.''' ,'''I was just doing my job in the ring and doing my best to make people happy.''' ,'''You know, America is - for me, it's the best country.''' ,'''I'm not against gay people.''' ,'''I know what poverty is.''' ,'''I wanted to be a world champion.''' ,'''I've already established my (political)machinery. It's like a car. It's fixed already. You just have to get in and drive it.''' ,'''Being a Christian means accepting Christ as your savior, your God. That's why you are called a 'Christian.' If you remove Christ, there's only 'ian' and that means 'I am nothing.'''' ,'''All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important.''' ,'''I know everyone in the Philippines is happy.''' ,'''I've always fought for my country, in my own way, showing that Filipinos are a strong people and can do anything that they put their minds to.''' ,'''With experience in boxing, you learn how to be a scientific boxer and how to fight easy.''' ,'''I only gave out my opinion that same sex marriage is against the law of God.''' ,'''I don't have secrets in my life. Everything is out there.''' ,'''I come from a poor family.''' ,'''God only expects man and woman to be together and to be legally married, only if they so are in love with each other.''' ,'''No notes. You speak from deep in your heart. It's easy.''' ,'''Well you know it's dangerous in politics, because especially in the Philippines there's a lot of killing in politics.''' ,'''Most of leaders in Philippine politics come from rich family.''' ,'''My #1 driving force is my lord and savior Jesus Christ. Also my family, my wife and children.''' ,'''Only in death will I relinquish my belts.''' ,'''I've worked in construction, in a factory sewing clothes. I also sold flowers and doughnuts - just odd jobs to try to make 10 pesos, which is equivalent to 20 cents.''' ,'''I have a relative who is also gay. We can't help it if they were born that way.''' ,'''In boxing you never know who you're going to face in ring.''' ,'''I want the people of the Philippines to be happy, even if they have nothing.''' ,'''I have to give people time to take a picture, and sign autographs. I have to be generous to people. It is in my heart. Without that, I would not be Manny Pacquiao.''' ,'''Boxing is a sport. We allow each other to hit each other, but I'm not treating my opponent like my enemy. We're doing a job to entertain people.''' ,'''God's words first... obey God's law first before considering the laws of man.''' ,'''The most important thing as a leader is your relationship with God.''' ,'''Nothing personal - I am just doing my job.''' ,'''I'm not against gay people. I have a relative who is also gay. We can't help it if they were born that way.''' ,'''Being a public servant, this is a serious job, not like a boxer, you're entertaining people.''' ,]
+++