+++
author = "John Gruber"
title = "John Gruber Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 John Gruber Quotes"
keywords = "john gruber,john gruber quotes,john gruber quote,john gruber sayings,john gruber saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't consider ideas for apps all that valuable. It's the implementation of an idea that matters.''' ,'''Car accidents kill so many of us; we're not going to give up cars, so it seems like we ought to make them harder to crash.''' ,'''My earliest design work was print, and that was my first love. Of course, as the years went on, I did more and more Web design and less and less print. And like everyone who made the switch from print to Web design, I bemoaned the lack of control.''' ,''''The cloud' is effectively an augmentation of our brains' memories.''' ,'''I always thought of myself as more of a columnist, but maybe a columnist who does reporting.''' ,'''It was very deliberate that Daring Fireball wasn't defined as a Mac site or an Apple site, and this was fortuitous.''' ,'''There are a lot of people I dislike in the world. I mean, a lot. I don't follow any of them on Twitter.''' ,'''As a company itself, Apple is very easy to understand. They're really not a complex company.''' ,'''I went to Drexel University, majored in computer science. Drexel has a great program - they call it co-op - but its, like, mandatory to graduate to do internships. I loved it because it helped me figure out very quickly that I didn't really want to be a programmer.''' ,'''There are two types of people in the world: those who wear a watch and those who don't.''' ,'''It sounds to me like the OLED iPhone is a phone which Apple can't make 40 million of per quarter, at least not today. And if that's true, that means it should be more expensive. Not 'should' in any moral sense, but simply because that's how the principle of supply and demand works.''' ,'''I think Apple Watch might be a tougher sell to current watch wearers than non-watch wearers. Non-watch wearers have an open wrist, and if they cared about the glance-able convenience of an always-visible watch dial, they would be wearing a traditional watch already.''' ,'''I've always said my audience is just me. It's somebody out there who's exactly like me and just isn't writing Daring Fireball.''' ,'''Is everyone who uses a MacBook Pro a pro? No. It's just basically a faster Mac. And certainly, pros do use them, partly for that reason.''' ,'''The iPhone was the first phone that brought what we used to think of as 'desktop quality' software to a handheld platform: software where you just say, 'Wow, that's a great user experience,' not merely, 'Wow, that's a great user experience for a handheld.'''' ,]
+++