+++
author = "Taylor Momsen"
title = "Taylor Momsen Quotes"
quotes_len = "75"
description = "the best 75 Taylor Momsen Quotes"
keywords = "taylor momsen,taylor momsen quotes,taylor momsen quote,taylor momsen sayings,taylor momsen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love my mom and dad.''' ,'''I'm pretty, but I'm not, like, a 'pretty girl.'''' ,'''You can spend your whole life planning. But once you're ready, get out there and start doing it.''' ,'''I have such trust complexes. I'm close to, like, two people.''' ,'''I think music needs danger; it needs risk.''' ,'''I love Chanel.''' ,'''I don't work with a stylist.''' ,'''I hope girls read what I say in interviews - they should just be themselves.''' ,'''My legs are really long and that's cool apparently, but I'm totally klutzy. I mean, I'm like Bambi. I fall all over myself because I can't control my arms and my really long legs.''' ,'''Tabloids are going to focus on my shoes and not my music; that's just what they do.''' ,'''Maybe I didn't have the childhood people think you should have, but I still went through the ages; I was still a child.''' ,'''I have a knife collection.''' ,'''Pop has to exist and it's a great thing.''' ,'''My lyrics are my diary - you're hearing every detail of my life.''' ,'''I'd call my music rock but with pop hooks.''' ,'''You get more insight as you get older, on everything.''' ,'''My thing about going to the gym is that I leave my bracelets on, and I put on my makeup the way I would do it in real life, and I wear cute clothes, because if I don't feel good when I leave the house, then I'm not motivated to do it. I need to like how I look while I'm doing it.''' ,'''Yeah, I kind of grew up in front of the camera: I started modeling when I was two.''' ,'''My style's not for everyone - I'm an extremist.''' ,'''I'd love to collaborate and write a song with Will Gallagher from Oasis. I think he's a great songwriter.''' ,'''The goal as a musician, I think, is to be able to make music as a living for the rest of your life.''' ,'''I've been told I'm out of my mind since I was 11.''' ,'''I was raised Catholic.''' ,'''I sleep for about four hours a night, or day really. I go to bed at, like, 9 A.M., sleep for four hours, then get up and start the day again. I don't mind if that's not healthy.''' ,'''I don't know what to do when I'm not working. I lose my mind if I'm not constantly doing something.''' ,'''I don't like guys who overdress. And I don't like guys who try too hard.''' ,'''My whole thing is feel free to hate me - I so don't care if you hate me, but meet me, and listen to my record, and know me before you hate me.''' ,'''The thing people don't understand is that touring or travelling or whatever you do in my position means you go to all these cool places all over the world, but you see everything from a car window. You don't get to see much of the city or meet people at all.''' ,'''I do myself up kind of like a doll. I have a doll collection and I look at their outfits and kind of imitate them.''' ,'''The Beatles did everything first, and they did it the best.''' ,'''I mean yeah, your individual style is your impression to the world.''' ,'''I've been writing songs since I was, like, five and I've been singing since, like, I can't remember.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Die Antwoord, which is a different style than I normally listen to.''' ,'''Every now and again I want to go to the beach and be in the sun, but that's a very rare feeling, so I could live in London, definitely.''' ,'''Don't hate me for what tabloids write about me, because I guarantee it's a lie.''' ,'''My goal isn't to shock.''' ,'''One of my first favorite records was the debut Garbage album, which I heard when I was very young. Shirley Manson is a great female vocalist and performer and I admire her for that.''' ,'''I love British bands.''' ,'''I'm not happy if I'm not making music; it's as simple as that. It's a need.''' ,'''I didn't watch a lot of TV growing up; I watched more films.''' ,'''I'm not interested in playing the field and all that stuff because frankly I'm not into frivolous relationships.''' ,'''I can work 24 hours a day and not have it bother me.''' ,'''I love Alexander Wang!''' ,'''I've never really fit in anywhere.''' ,'''Switching the public's perception and view of me was, and still is, kind of a challenge to get them to see me outside of a character that I played on TV for so long.''' ,'''If parents don't like some of the stuff I do then they shouldn't let their kids watch me.''' ,'''I don't really like pants, man. I like tights. I'm not really a pants person. I choose not to wear pants.''' ,''''Darkness' is a subjective word; it depends what your viewpoint is and how you live life.''' ,'''I am trying to do my own thing, but there will always be comparisons, even if I don't agree with them.''' ,'''My mum's really short so she always wears really tall heels, and I used to steal them and now it's just a part of my everyday life.''' ,'''I've always wanted to make a record.''' ,'''I really enjoy English and poetry and writing classes.''' ,'''I'm completely neurotic, totally anxious and high-strung all the time.''' ,'''I kind of woke up one morning and was like, 'Oh I see what's happening, I get everything'. I woke up and was like, 'I get it, I'm a product.'''' ,'''I try not to focus on fame; I don't even really know what it means exactly because it's so fleeting.''' ,'''I don't wanna be Courtney Love - I wanna be Kurt Cobain.''' ,'''Boys are so much less mature than girls as it is.''' ,'''I'm just living my life, and I'm not gonna live my life for other people.''' ,'''I think Robert Plant is the quintessential frontman - just the way he moves. His voice is superhuman.''' ,'''I'm very unorganized.''' ,'''I don't leave the house without thinking of how to represent myself.''' ,'''You can wear anything as long as you put a nice pair of shoes with it.''' ,'''All I do is sit at home and play guitar. That's seriously what I do.''' ,'''New York's home. It's everything I'd want it to be. It's the most inspiring city I've ever been to, and I haven't been everywhere in the world, but I've been to quite a few places.''' ,'''Edie Sedgwick had a cool style; she pushed the envelope for the time.''' ,'''I'm a giant Beatles fan.''' ,'''I don't eat any red meat.''' ,'''Like, when I write a song, the song comes first before production. Everything is written on an acoustic guitar so you can strip away everything from it and have it be equally as entertaining and good without the bells and whistles.''' ,'''People misinterpret what I say all the time: They think I'm being offensive, when really, I'm only being opinionated.''' ,'''I have my favourite black knife with me all the time. It's a switchblade. It relaxes me to flick it.''' ,'''I could hum Beatles songs before I could talk - not very well, but sort of.''' ,'''I get told all the time that I'm a fashion icon now, but I don't really know what that means. I just get dressed.''' ,'''Generally, I like making my own mistakes and learning from them because that's what I think life is about.''' ,'''I've never had friends, and I don't like to be around big groups of people.''' ,'''I'm an artist; I'm not going to use trigonometry.''' ,]
+++