+++
author = "Rex Stout"
title = "Rex Stout Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Rex Stout Quotes"
keywords = "rex stout,rex stout quotes,rex stout quote,rex stout sayings,rex stout saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Every Sherlock Holmes story has at least one marvelous scene.''' ,'''Everything in a story should be credible.''' ,'''Hemingway never grew out of adolescence. His scope and depth stayed shallow because he had no idea what women are for.''' ,'''A character who is thought-out is not born, he or she is contrived. A born character is round, a thought-out character is flat.''' ,'''To read of a detective's daring finesse or ingenious stratagem is a rare joy.''' ,'''As a professional writer of detective stories, I string along with the ballplayers. I love a ball game.''' ,'''If I'm home with no chore at hand, and a package of books has come, the television set and the chess board and the unanswered mail will have to manage without me if one of the books is a detective story.''' ,'''The minute those two little particles inside a woman's womb have joined together, billions of decisions have been made. A thing like that has to come from entropy.''' ,'''Doyle stokes in a thousand shrewd touches with no effort at all. Wonderful.''' ,'''To say that man is a reasoning animal is a very different thing than to say that most of man's decisions are based on his rational process. That I don't believe at all.''' ,'''I have never regarded myself as this or that. I have been too busy being myself to bother about regarding myself.''' ,'''I still can't decide which is more fun - reading or writing.''' ,'''There are two kinds of statistics, the kind you look up and the kind you make up.''' ,'''The Glass Key is better than anything Hemingway ever wrote.''' ,'''I have a strong moral sense - by my standards.''' ,'''I think one or two of the later Holmes stories are among the best.''' ,'''One of the hardest things to believe is that anyone will abandon the effort to escape a charge of murder. It is extremely important to suspend disbelief on that. If you don't, the story is spoiled.''' ,]
+++