+++
author = "Sophie Rundle"
title = "Sophie Rundle Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Sophie Rundle Quotes"
keywords = "sophie rundle,sophie rundle quotes,sophie rundle quote,sophie rundle sayings,sophie rundle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's ridiculous, the people I get to work with.''' ,'''So often, when you're an actor, you're told what to do and what to say and what to wear. Your opinion is, at best, tolerated and, at worst, not wanted.''' ,'''If we don't start representing women properly on screen now, we're never going to change our opinion of them as a society.''' ,'''I've never had a mental break-down, where I've grappled with my own sense of religion, but I've definitely had my heart broken and fancied people I probably shouldn't have fancied and all that stuff.''' ,'''In a drama, you generally have to be very faithful to the script and the storyline, and it all has to fit together, and it's weighty and serious.''' ,'''My mum and dad aren't actors, but we all sit around doing impressions.''' ,'''I'm fascinated by female relationships.''' ,'''It's the reason I love doing TV - revisiting stories and characters and the length of the story arcs.''' ,'''I love a period drama - the theatricality of going into work and having that distance between yourself and the character you're playing.''' ,'''Loyalty, support, and 'the sisterhood' are there in spades in 'Jamestown.'''' ,'''I trained at RADA, then went into the theatre, but TV is like starting at the bottom again. I have just been learning.''' ,'''The joys of making a comedy are that it feels very playful and silly, and the energy is totally different because they want you to feel free enough to come out with something a bit mad.''' ,'''As a family, we'd watch films and talk about people on screen - what was good or bad and whether you believed them and their stories. I loved that.''' ,'''Filming 'Jamestown' in Budapest for six months felt like summer camp. There was a lovely cast of 16 actors, and we got along so well.''' ,'''I don't know. I feel really lucky. I've just got work in the way that I really enjoy working. That's not too much fuss. Just getting up and going on set every day.''' ,'''I think, in a comedy, it's easy to play people as very two-dimensional. But what is enjoyable to watch is seeing a more fully rounded person.''' ,'''I get embarrassed saying what I do. If you're chatting to a cabbie, and they don't know you're an actor, I cringe because it's always coupled with the inevitable, 'So, what have I seen you in?' And you're left reciting your CV.''' ,'''I think that we're starting to allow ourselves to imagine that gender doesn't have to be binary, sexuality doesn't have to be binary, and you are allowed to choose who you love, how you behave, and how you dress.''' ,'''We don't see a lot of LGBTQ representation in period dramas because there was so much shame around it at the time. The stories that we tell about that time don't tend to focus explicitly on those sorts of characters, which is nonsense because they existed.''' ,'''The 'Jamestown' set was so convincing. It had been raining for a few days before we started filming, and when we turned up, we were knee-high in mud. There were pigs and goats everywhere, too, which meant the whole place smelled pretty ripe. It definitely helped us enter the 'Jamestown' world immediately.''' ,'''I've done shows before where it's supposed to be about the women, and then it quickly turns out it isn't.''' ,'''I want to be old Princess Margaret, without a doubt. Kaftan wearing, Caribbean island-dwelling... that's my inner spirit animal.''' ,'''That's something I've been conscious of and want to make true in all jobs I do. It's important we have women at the front and centre.''' ,'''I'm always going to be an actor first and foremost, but I certainly want to have a voice in the kind of work that I'm doing.''' ,'''I haven't just been swanning around Hollywood, you know.''' ,'''All Anne Lister wanted was a wife, and the other liaisons couldn't commit, but Ann Walker did. She took sacrament with her, and they became wife and wife. That shows extraordinary strength.''' ,'''I'd always wanted to act - since I starred in 'Alice in Wonderland' as a girl, that was it.''' ,'''As a woman, you're expected to behave and model yourself in a certain way, but that's not right for everybody.''' ,'''You just hope each job is going to be as good as it possibly can be.''' ,'''I don't think I look like I do on the telly.''' ,'''I rarely get recognised. Almost never.''' ,'''It feels a lot freer doing a comedy.''' ,'''When people write about someone else, you have to take it with a pinch of salt.''' ,'''Some of my best friends now are from drama club.''' ,'''I'm fascinated by delving into the historical context of what life was like in the past.''' ,'''I think I just have one of those faces that can look like lots of different people.''' ,]
+++