+++
author = "Camilla Belle"
title = "Camilla Belle Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Camilla Belle Quotes"
keywords = "camilla belle,camilla belle quotes,camilla belle quote,camilla belle sayings,camilla belle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was younger, I had no interest. But after I went to Paris to see the collections for the first time a few years ago, they made a huge impression on me. I realized that fashion is an art form, like acting or painting.''' ,'''Hong Kong girls have a genius sense of style. I came back to the States thinking no one here has any individuality. Or cute enough socks.''' ,'''I'm 18, I'm going to graduate high school in a few months.''' ,'''For me everything in the film was gradually building, becoming more emotional, so it helped. At the end of it all I was emotionally drained. At that point I took Rose's view, that this has to happen, there's nothing I can do about it.''' ,'''The great thing about life - I'd rather not know and just hope I'm happy and healthy and I feel as good about my life as I do now.''' ,'''I'm never going to apologize for having a lot of guy friends, and I always have. That happens, and I'm not going to live my life where I'm not going to go out and have a coffee or lunch with my guy friends.''' ,'''By knowing your character so well you can't go wrong. All of us kind of fell into that.''' ,'''I never thought of Kim Basinger in terms of age. For me she embodies woman with her subtleties and intricacies. She's sensual and intellectually engaging, elegant with a very strong personal style.''' ,'''I'd taken three years off to live as a normal person, so this was my first time back into it, and it was kind of shocking, but then it was fun.''' ,'''The world that she lives in is just magical, one of the most beautiful places I've ever seen.''' ,'''I fully credit my family for keeping me grounded and for putting me back in line whenever necessary.''' ,'''You don't have to work hard to bring emotions. It all just comes naturally, you're there living it.''' ,'''Because I was able to submerge myself into the character, I didn't have to go back and forth. You don't have to work hard to bring emotions. It all just comes naturally, you're there living it.''' ,'''It was a huge shock. I've never had hair that short in my life! I think the rest of the cast and crew were mourning my haircut more than I was! But after a while, I felt liberated, I learned to embrace it.''' ,'''I'm not a dark person at all, so those roles are the most challenging. I don't think I'm necessarily drawn to dark things. It just seems to work out that way.''' ,]
+++