+++
author = "Evan Sharp"
title = "Evan Sharp Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Evan Sharp Quotes"
keywords = "evan sharp,evan sharp quotes,evan sharp quote,evan sharp sayings,evan sharp saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I started working in 2010 on Pinterest, I really thought of myself as like a construction worker, metaphorically, building like you build a shed. You put the brick on top of a brick, and then you're done.''' ,'''I think I spent the first many years of Pinterest trying to be a really good leader, like what I thought a good leader should be.''' ,'''If you're designing a hammer, it's clear that it should hit a nail. But when designing a home, it's much more nuanced. You have to make sure there are qualities that nurture and enrich human life.''' ,'''I got addicted to the hands-on problem-solving through the process of making or designing something. Architecture school was really influential and amazing.''' ,'''Our public description, a visual bookmarking tool, tends to resonate with people. That's why we use it. When we talk to the tech press we tend to describe it as a company solving a discovery problem.''' ,'''We want employees teaching each other what they know. We're tying to build a company so each person can achieve at a very high level - we're not just the engineering company or the design company.''' ,'''Our vision for Pinterest is to be a discovery engine for people to see the possibilities for their life, to make their life more meaningfully lived.''' ,'''Apple's proven to be really good at taking what we're capable of with technology and making it useful and solve human problems.''' ,'''Pinterest is a positive, optimistic place online. You spend time on what you want, not what you share with others.''' ,'''If we're not doing better, it's almost always our own inability to execute, not because someone else is stealing our market share or something.''' ,'''I just got a dog, and I never thought about using it to look up toys you get for the dog and walks to take the dog on, but there's so much stuff about that on Pinterest!''' ,'''Great companies, I think, are the ones that see what they've built and can build on top of it and iterate their product.''' ,'''We think of Pinterest as a visual bookmarking tool for saving and discovering creative ideas, and that discovery part is a really a core part of what we work on every day.''' ,'''Images are really powerful in making us aware of what's possible.''' ,'''I spent an unreasonable amount of time drawing things on the computer and trying to mess up the computer. I developed this passion for building and structuring things.''' ,'''Best of all, as you're creating a board on Pinterest, other people can get inspiration from your ideas, so there's this cycle where what you're creating for yourself also helps other people make their lives.''' ,'''The thing I'm actually the most interested in, in a way, when I think about what to build in the world, is to try and help the experts put together a clearer framework around our inner experience and how to relate to that, and how to bring that to people at scale.''' ,'''I'm this real creative guy who was really good at design and coding stuff, but wasn't that kind of manager. I spent too much time in self-doubt and limiting my impact because I was trying to be somebody I wasn't.''' ,'''My background industry is design - I code a lot, too - but there's been this narrative of design in technology becoming more prominent. What the UI enables on Pinterest is this human activity that ends up creating a great database.''' ,'''If you're Japanese and you signed up for Pinterest in Japan, you see Japanese ideas, not American ideas that look Japanese - it's a very big difference.''' ,'''At its best Pinterest really does help lots of people with everyday things. Those things can seem really small. It's not like you're curing cancer, but all of those things together become really important.''' ,'''I've always been a good student, made good enough grades to do well, and enjoyed a lot of different subjects. It wasn't until I went to architecture school, though, that I really loved school work.''' ,'''When I have free time, which I wish I had more of, playing frisbee is a great way to get outdoors and have a bit of fun.''' ,'''The bread and butter of any internet service is user behavior.''' ,'''When you're the co-founder you get to pick the people. So by definition for me it's one of the best companies to work at because I made the company and it's a reflection of me in some ways.''' ,'''There are not many people who understand that creative management is a very different thing than normal management. You don't manage accounts like you manage designers.''' ,'''I was in school for architecture and when you're in school for a creative discipline, so much of what you produce comes out of inspiration from other people. The more you're exposed to architecturally, the better you can develop your own language out of that history of architectural thought.''' ,'''Pinterest is not about sharing with your friends. It's about saving ideas for your future.''' ,'''The biggest product thing for international is connecting you with local people, local content.''' ,'''The things people use Pinterest for tend to be universal. The core usage is every day, common, universal things. What am I going to eat for dinner? How should my house look? What gift should I get for my partner? What should my kid's birthday party look like?''' ,'''The problem with images is obvious, they are two dimensional. Our vision at Pinterest is to use what's great about images, use the users taste to make good decisions but also to make sure to give them that information to make sure they get a more holistic understanding of what they are looking for.''' ,'''I think a lot of what we want to do with both the product we're building and the brand is help people make better decisions in their everyday lives by giving them access to new ideas and new possibilities.''' ,'''If you see an image and it's just an image, and there's a bad link or no description, and you don't know what that image is, or who took it, or what it's a picture of, it's not a very satisfying or actionable experience.''' ,'''Like inspirational quotes, which have been huge on Pinterest. Or looking at dog photos! We didn't know how to take those uses for Pinterest seriously until we realized, sometimes even I look at Pinterest to feel better, not just do something but feel happier, to feel connection, to feel humor, to know everyone goes through difficult times.''' ,'''When we talk about Pinterest, we typically talk about use cases like cooking, or decorating your home... these are all very much project-oriented, goal-oriented behaviors.''' ,]
+++