+++
author = "Lily Collins"
title = "Lily Collins Quotes"
quotes_len = "133"
description = "the best 133 Lily Collins Quotes"
keywords = "lily collins,lily collins quotes,lily collins quote,lily collins sayings,lily collins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always loved dressing up and telling stories.''' ,'''My mum always removed her make-up at night and taught me early on about the importance of taking care of your skin, especially when you're travelling or extremely busy, because it's so easily affected by your surroundings and health.''' ,'''I grew up being obsessed with old Hollywood and loving the history, what's behind the scenes, and what people don't know.''' ,'''I'm just fascinated by visiting actual castles in the countryside.''' ,'''I've never acted fully impulsively. I think with my mind and my heart.''' ,'''I remember lying in bed one night when I was 15 and deciding I was ready to go into acting properly. I'd put it off until then because I didn't feel I was ready to handle the rejections.''' ,'''I believe in the producers at Constantin, and I know that they have a really good taste level when it comes to the creative side.''' ,'''There's so many stories to tell in Hollywood in the Golden Age that stems from truth.''' ,'''I'm very British at heart. When I come to England, I say I'm coming home, and then it's funny: when I leave England to go back to L.A., I also say I'm going back home.''' ,'''My older siblings and I all work in 'the industry'. So obviously we have hectic schedules, but we make it work.''' ,'''Morning or night, I love putting mint or spearmint oil on my temples and the back of my neck. There's this aromatherapy quality of both easing tension and waking you up.''' ,'''To be able to say, 'I'm going to be Snow White' - it's crazy. It's an honor.''' ,'''I would love to do a British period drama.''' ,'''I'm such a believer in going to set, even when you're not working, because I think the best things to be learned, you don't necessarily get from your own scene or from someone speaking to you and telling you advice. I think it's all about watching and just taking it all in. It's not even when the cameras are rolling, necessarily.''' ,'''I don't like reading things that people say on the Internet because I know so much of it is not true. I don't want to waste my time worrying about what other people are thinking. I just want to focus on being able to do cool projects.''' ,'''I get kids who say, 'Oh, I love your movie, but my mum loves your dad.' It's really nice to be able to share that with him, but it doesn't define who I am career-wise.''' ,'''I was raised by my mom, pretty much, and she just had this very non-judgmental, having no shame about yourself, no regrets, just trusting your gut and your instinct, and treating yourself with respect.''' ,'''I find that I'm really attracted to mysterious creatives, and I love people that are able to put their emotions out there for not just the world to see, but just that are giving of their emotions, but a little bit mysterious and elusive as well.''' ,'''I'm trying to be the most vibrant version of myself.''' ,'''I've only ever known growing up across different countries - to me it's just fun.''' ,'''I think we all want to fit in at a young age.''' ,'''I think it's important to figure out you and to have fun and to be dating and to figure out what you like and what you don't like. It's what growing up is all about.''' ,'''I loved Jennifer Lawrence's performance in 'Winter's Bone.'''' ,'''There's so many different things that you can physically change for a character.''' ,'''I love Charlotte Olympia and Sophia Webster shoes best - they're like art for the feet.''' ,'''Never once does 'Snow White' herself look in the mirror so she isn't aware of her beauty or what apparently that does to people. It's really just the queen and the prince that talk about it.''' ,'''There is a Twitter account apparently dedicated to my brows. I do not Tweet on it, but... they talk about who they've seen today.''' ,'''I really think everything happens for a reason.''' ,'''I feel like what Director Bong is so amazing at is taking so many things and presenting them to you - never telling you how to think, but, if you leave the theater thinking something, we've done our jobs right.''' ,'''Because my dad was often gone, I never wanted to do anything that would make him stay away even longer. I became extra careful about what I said and how I said it, afraid he'd think I was angry or didn't love him. And the truth is, I was angry. I missed him and wanted him there.''' ,'''I've always loved Jane Austen's writing.''' ,'''My mom brought me up on old Hollywood. I had been living in Los Angeles, respecting old movies and growing up with people that were icons that I got to speak to.''' ,'''I've been so fortunate to work with so many successful women who are moms as well.''' ,'''I don't know if this is too weird to say, but this is completely surreal for me. Bizarre. The cover of 'Teen Vogue' has been on my bucket list forever.''' ,'''I sing some songs but don't expect me to release an album anytime soon.''' ,'''I've always loved big eyes, like those of Audrey Hepburn and Elizabeth Taylor. But my mother didn't allow me to wear make-up until I was 15.''' ,'''A lot of people in my generation have dared to ask questions like, 'Who is James Dean?' And I can't imagine asking a question like that, just because it's been ingrained in me since I was so young.''' ,'''I couldn't handle the pain and confusion surrounding my dad's divorce, and I was having a hard time balancing being a teenager with pursuing two different grown-up careers.''' ,'''I have amazing memories of being able to travel and being able to have family all over the world.''' ,'''I remember the screen test for 'Gossip Girl' was on the Warner Bros. lot in Burbank. I was about 17 or 18 years old at the time. I remember driving onto the lot and going, 'Oh my God. This is surreal.'''' ,'''I think it's just important to not judge people based on their physicality because it's really about personality and people's hearts and souls. That's what drew me to Audrey Hepburn who is kind of like my icon.''' ,'''Hollywood in the 1930s is an incredible period of history. There are so many amazing stories about the stars and the studios at that time that you can't fit into one film.''' ,'''I'm drawn to roles that have real substance, that aren't just the victim or the teenage girl or the girlfriend.''' ,'''I've always been a firm believer that you don't have to close one door in order to open another.''' ,'''Art is an amazing form of being able to share our experiences and tell stories and hopefully relate to other people, but you don't know how everyone else is always going to react to what you put out there.''' ,'''Not many people know my father was an actor. He was the Artful Dodger in 'Oliver!,' and was in a film called 'Frauds,' too. It's interesting talking to him about acting, how much you can get turned down, and how not to take that as a discouragement. It's nice to have that element to relate to for us both.''' ,'''To play someone I loved in my favourite fairytale as a kid is a total honour.''' ,'''The less you have on your face, the less there is to go wrong.''' ,'''I was very lucky that my first film, 'The Blind Side,' I worked with Sandra Bullock.''' ,'''From a young age, I've had a desire to put forward this perfect image, whatever perfect was.''' ,'''I've always loved fashion design. I love drawing and creating looks and styling.''' ,'''Regarding scripts and projects, I've always been open to reading all sorts of genres and never closing myself off to one, because you never know what you might find.''' ,'''Every day, there is a person following me, taking pictures. It's bizarre because I'm just going to the gym or getting a smoothie. I don't have the time or energy to be constantly put together all the time, but that's real life.''' ,'''A lot of my friends aren't working, especially since fewer films are being made now and there's more competition.''' ,'''Growing up in the English countryside, I feel like I'm in a Jane Austen novel when I walk around. I just feel comfortable and confident in those surroundings.''' ,'''My parents read me fairy tales every night and I used to believe I was a fairytale princess, like every young girl. I had all the Disney dressing-up costumes and would play every character.''' ,'''As a fan of reading - I've always loved reading - I just love reading books that take me away for a little while and let me disappear. And that's why I loved 'Harry Potter' growing up.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of the series of books by Cassandra Clare, 'The Mortal Instruments.'''' ,'''Hollywood is such a fickle place, and you really have to go day to day and with the flow. Things happen so quickly, for the good or the bad. But you also have to know that everything happens for a reason.''' ,'''Makeup, in general, is amazing.''' ,'''I've always loved fantasy books. Even just growing up, I've always kind of loved magic and fantasy.''' ,'''Don't let the American twang fool you. I still say, 'I'm going home,' when I come to England, and I love a good old cup of PG Tips with a Jaffa Cake.''' ,'''I had some difficult times when I first moved to Los Angeles when people would tell me I was saying things wrong. I felt different although my mum kept reminding me it was OK to be different.''' ,'''At a party recently I was introduced to Meryl Streep, and it took me a second to get my head around it. You know, that I'm meeting these people now. I'm doing it.''' ,'''I love Helena Bonham Carter because every character that she portrays, she's just something completely different. And she has that quirky factor that she just owns.''' ,'''I remember the first scene I shot on 'The Blind Side.' I was with Sandra Bullock, and I kept trying to stop myself thinking, 'Oh my God, I can't believe I'm in a movie with her.'''' ,'''When it comes to the work, I'm excited to see what people think. When it comes to the private life, that's when I don't pay attention.''' ,'''When I went through my eating disorder, I never sought medical assistance. I created myths in my head about how I should get through things, so the idea that I could surround myself with truth and feel comfortable enough to speak mine allowed me to breathe.''' ,'''Many of my deepest insecurities stem from my issues with my dad.''' ,'''I love mixing in high street stuff and vintage.''' ,'''I love to write down things I notice about people or things I've overheard people saying that are interesting. I love people-watching, and I love taking the time to notice the small things.''' ,'''I just want to start conversations. I want to do films that prompt conversations - whether that is positive, negative, indifferent - just ones that you leave the theater wanting to know more, wanting to watch the film over and over again.''' ,'''I really, really love Lucy Hale.''' ,'''Cate Blanchett. Judi Dench. Helen Mirren. Everything about them. Even their fashion choices. They're so with it and cool and women I admire. They take chances. They're chameleons. Everything that they do. They're also amazing mothers.''' ,'''I didn't want to land an audition because I was 'The daughter of...' I never wanted to give anyone the opportunity to say, 'You only got the role because of who you are.'''' ,'''I've had to prove myself. But I'm driven, and I would love to make my own mark on the world.''' ,'''It's great when improv is encouraged. It's a really fun thing. It depends on who's in the movie and how their process works as well. It takes a director who is open to that because you have a script, but then something funny could happen on set.''' ,'''I've grown up being obsessed by 'Harry Potter.'''' ,'''During the day, I'm constantly reapplying hand cream. My grandma used to do it all the time, so maybe I got it from her.''' ,'''Entertainment is a great form of being able to tell a story and to spread a message.''' ,'''As a little girl living in the English countryside, I used to go running around in the forests, creating my own fairy tale.''' ,'''I've always loved writing.''' ,'''It used to bother me - having bigger, fuller brows. I even plucked them once so I'd fit in, but I hated them and couldn't wait for them to grow back. Now I embrace them. I realized the quirky things that make you different are what make you beautiful.''' ,'''My advice for girls who are waiting for their Prince Charming is to be open for anything. Be open to new experiences, be open to the idea that it may take longer than you want, but if you're open to meeting new people and new adventures, then love will come along.''' ,'''It's really important to stand up for yourself and not always agree with what people say if indeed you don't feel that that's true.''' ,'''It's a weird thing to have your dad or your parent be on the stage with a million people saying their name, and you're like, 'No, that's just dad.'''' ,'''I want to produce and direct and write one day.''' ,'''The journalist in me always loved relating and socialising and connecting with people, but there came a point where I needed to make a decision to stop that being my focus and really focus on acting - an audience are only really going to believe me as a character to an extent if they don't know me as Lily that well.''' ,'''You always hope someone will take you under their wing and teach you - when it's Warren Beatty, it's like, 'Oh my God, how is this real?'''' ,'''I've grown up seeing the pros and cons but I love it and I've always wanted to act. Throughout all the rejections at auditions, and especially when I finally did get something, both my parents have been so supportive and always told me it is all about passion and, if I was doing it because I love it, there's no wrong choice.''' ,'''Even in L.A., where everyone's in yoga pants, I've never been the girl to run around in sweats.''' ,'''I graduated high school, and I always wanted to go to college, but I also really wanted to work at a young age. At 18, I was pitching talk show ideas to different networks. I was a journalist.''' ,'''I did a show when I was two, but I didn't start acting as a child. I wanted to go to school every day and be with my friends and really have that experience.''' ,'''I don't choose projects according to the idea of being a role model. To be considered as one is definitely an honor.''' ,'''I love fashion and always have something put together, but I won't wear anything specifically to be photographed in. I have become more cautious of making funny faces in public.''' ,'''My last name may have opened doors, but I have to keep them open.''' ,'''I'd love to dive into a comedy.''' ,'''I grew up understanding the pros and cons of what you're getting into and knowing what comes with your job. I like to keep my private life private, and then work is work. I feel so far I've had a really good balance with that.''' ,'''I've always been a huge admirer and lover of Alexander McQueen, Alexander Wang. I love so many British designers like Stella McCartney.''' ,'''There's no California tan about me. People assume I can't tan, but I actually can. I went on a trip to Hawaii when I was younger and came back so tan that people were like, 'What happened?' It's just not something I actively do. I want to embrace my ivory.''' ,'''Everything for me has happened so quickly. I finished shooting 'The Blind Side' not this past June, but the June before, and all of sudden up to now, it seems like it's gone from zero to 60 for me. I feel so fortunate to be able to say that.''' ,'''I didn't want to have people open doors for me. My dad never made a call on my behalf to anyone - not to a producer, a director, or a casting agent.''' ,'''As an actor, you gain weight, you lose weight, you change your hair color, and you make changes physically and emotionally to be able to understand the character.''' ,'''When you surprise yourself and you can't remember what the take felt like, then something transformative has happened.''' ,'''I like acting impulsively, but I'm also extremely thoughtful about what I do. So, it's not like someone would say 'Don't do something,' and I'd automatically go, 'I'm gonna do it anyway.'''' ,'''I'm in a relationship with myself. I think a lot of young girls should do that.''' ,'''I've always been weirdly interested in food documentaries.''' ,'''Every movie that I'm in is very different in terms of aesthetic and costume. I mean, from 'Mirror, Mirror' to 'Mortal Instruments,' I went from dressy dresses to leather and heels and tight, sexy, chic outfits.''' ,'''I rarely, rarely - unless it's a big red carpet - wear all one designer.''' ,'''At first, I didn't hang out with celebrity kids. That wasn't the way I was brought up. I went to a run-of-the-mill Catholic primary school when we first moved to L.A. But then I went to a high school where there were lots of 'industry' children. Those weren't my best friends and I've never set out to make myself a part of that scene.''' ,'''I've grown up knowing that you put as much of your private life out there as you feel comfortable with.''' ,'''I think I've been brought up very well by both my parents. I am very cautious and I think I'm now fit for the world I'm in. They're very much behind my modelling and very supportive.''' ,'''My mother used to take me to flea markets in my stroller, and I would just rummage through the piles. You've got to dig through the overstuffed racks that everyone else just walks by. It's the only way to find the cool stuff.''' ,'''I was actually the one who decided to move to LA. Mom and I were driving on Sunset Boulevard during one of our trips back to see her family, and I said, 'Can we just stay?' So we did.''' ,'''My dad knows how to tell a story. He'd make me laugh by doing all the different voices.''' ,'''But the thing is, I was never looking at a strategic way of gaining fame. That's not why I'm doing this.''' ,'''I'm constantly surprised by human nature and humanity. And I think that's why I love what I do: because I love to story-tell and bring new characters to life.''' ,'''So much has changed since the '70s and '80s when it comes to acting and being in the public eye. We'd go out to a restaurant, and there would be five or six people. Now there's a lot more, plus social media, and this desire to bring other people down.''' ,'''I think, in life, we want to surround ourselves with people who make us think and question ourselves, and those are the types of films I want to do and the types of characters that I hope I get to continue to play.''' ,'''I don't want to acquire whatever 'fame' is.''' ,'''I've always loved being active, and I used to do sports - basketball, soccer, volleyball - growing up.''' ,'''Social media has allowed me to communicate with girls all over the world. It's always been really important to me that they know I experience the same things that they do and face the same insecurities.''' ,'''I went to a high school, I took tests, I took finals, I went to football games - I did the whole thing. Because I really wanted to have that normalcy.''' ,'''I'm passionate about speaking out against bullying and speaking up for self-awareness with young people and body-image issues and self-esteem issues.''' ,'''I sang for 'Mirror Mirror.' I love singing.''' ,'''My mom is such a strong, independent, strong-willed woman, and she always taught me to accept my worth for how I viewed myself and female empowerment, and it's okay to be independent and also need someone at the same time. I kinda get to be both.''' ,'''I love getting oxygen facials because I travel a lot. My skin gets pretty dry with all the airplanes.''' ,'''When you trust and have elevated personnel in each department, then the sky really is the limit. If you don't have that trust in the backbone of the project, you may not know what you're making.''' ,'''There's this common perception that having a famous last name is all you need. A surname may get you a meeting, but if there's no talent you won't get the part.''' ,'''I grew up knowing the pros and cons of the business and knowing what comes with pursuing what you love in terms of being in the public eye. I also grew up among people that were considered celebrities and people that people admired.''' ,'''No, I like to wear as least amount of makeup as I can during my everyday life because I'm just all about keeping my skin healthy and hydrated and I love to laugh and have a great time and smile - that's when I feel the most pretty so I just want to make sure that I stay happy.''' ,'''I love the royal family. I even got up in the middle of the night to watch Kate and William's wedding. And I never miss the Queen's speech on Christmas Day. I feel it's my duty as an English-born woman to watch.''' ,'''I'm a fashion gal through and through.''' ,]
+++