+++
author = "Matt Smith"
title = "Matt Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "52"
description = "the best 52 Matt Smith Quotes"
keywords = "matt smith,matt smith quotes,matt smith quote,matt smith sayings,matt smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I thought 'Skyfall' was a sumptuous film.''' ,'''I'm not handsome enough to be James Bond. Maybe a villain, though.''' ,'''There are great disciplines from being a sportsman that you can transfer into being an artist. The preparation, the sacrifice, the constant desire to improve.''' ,'''Kids should feel afraid of 'Doctor Who.' All the adults I've talked to remember fondly being afraid when they were kids. That's part of the reason they remember it and love it. And if you're afraid in a controlled way, you sort of appreciate fear in some respect.''' ,'''The storytelling in 'Doctor Who' is quite universal.''' ,'''I got injured when I was a kid, and it prevented me from becoming a footballer.''' ,'''There is a history of footballers in my family; my granddad played for Notts County and my dad played at county level.''' ,'''As we get older - perhaps I'm just speaking for myself - we can get too cynical.''' ,'''Sometimes when you lose your mobile phone, even though it's frustrating, it's sort of rewarding in many ways because, though we do rely on them a lot, we are not reliant on them. The world continues without.''' ,'''I was always aware of 'Doctor Who,' but I didn't grow up with it.''' ,'''Police boxes, tweed blazers and bow ties feel quite English, but I think that is one of his virtues, one of the strengths of 'Doctor Who.'''' ,'''It seems like there's a real appetite for science fiction in the States.''' ,'''As a kid, I knew all of the dinosaurs. It's one of those tragedies that I've forgotten what dinosaurs are cool.''' ,'''I asked for a piano in the TARDIS, but it hasn't happened. I'd love to see the Doctor rock up and play, but it'd have to be done in an inventive and silly way.''' ,'''If you want to give it a good go, you've got to make some sacrifices and be as dedicated as you can be. Particularly with 'Doctor Who.' It's two or three hours of line-learning a night.''' ,'''At university I had a big coloured scarf and people would often say, 'All right, Doctor Who?' And, I thought, I rather liked that notion.''' ,'''I am terribly clumsy, so there is a plethora of walking into lamp-posts, falling over, dropping things, and ruining sofas.''' ,'''If I was making a tea advert, I would want to communicate about tea is that it can console you, it can start your day, there is the warmth and the ritual, and you can share it; you make someone a cup of tea and you offer it to them.''' ,'''I think there's an interesting contradiction of having a young face and an old soul. There's something funny about it, and it also allows you to reinvent being old.''' ,'''I think expectations of 'Doctor Who' should always be high, because it's a show that must always progress and get better and better.''' ,'''Time travel is such a magic concept.''' ,'''Any actor worth his salt has a responsibility to reinvent himself from part to part.''' ,'''I think that, if the world was a bit more like Comic-Con, we'd all be a little happier.''' ,'''I am a fancy dress grump, to be honest.''' ,'''I constantly watch 'The Simpsons' and an English cartoon called 'The Raccoons' and 'Gummi Bears.' I was obsessed with ninja films, and the 'Teenage Mutant Nina Turtles,' I used to love that as well.''' ,'''Actors, movie stars, rock stars, I can meet them with no worries - but with footballers I go weak at the knees. All of them.''' ,'''Spiders - the way they move freaks me out. It's so malevolent.''' ,'''I'd like to do a play in New York.''' ,'''Even now, I'm very superstitious, in silly ways. I always put my left boot on first. Or on set, I always tie my bow tie from right to left.''' ,'''I used to read Gore Vidal books and think I was cool.''' ,'''I am a terrible sleeper.''' ,'''Apparently, as a kid, I used to eat spiders. Maybe there's some Freudian significance behind that.''' ,'''I just love vampires.''' ,'''It's hard work, 'Doctor Who,' but let's be frank about it, I'm fortunate to be rewarded in the ways that I am. I don't just mean financially, I mean the nature of the part and everything that comes with it.''' ,'''I quite like the idea of family. That's probably the greatest achievement in the world. I've got a lot to achieve workwise - I'd love to direct - but family would be good.''' ,'''I'm not hugely technical with things, but I guess that the thing I use most is my iPhone, on a practical level.''' ,'''If I see a spider in the flat, I try to get a cup and a piece of paper and throw it out of the window. I can't kill them because they're good for catching flies.''' ,'''No, I'm not religious. At all. I'm an atheist.''' ,'''For clothes, I like Dover Street Market and Acne. For vintage, I go to Mint just off Seven Dials. For shoes, it's Church's and Russell & Bromley.''' ,'''I am a fan of a bright sock. They're bold.''' ,'''If I could film, we'd film every episode of 'Doctor Who' in New York. I have an affinity with the city. It has some wonderful locations and it is devastatingly vast and huge. Central Park looks amazing on camera.''' ,'''So many more people recognise you and want to take up a moment of your time for a photo or a hello. You try to deal with it with grace and a degree of humour, because what's the alternative?''' ,'''I'm awful at karaoke, but if I did have to sing, I'd go for my favourite Frank Sinatra song 'I've Got You Under My Skin.' The fact I love Frank is my grandfather's doing: he drummed it into me from a very early age that Frank Sinatra is God.''' ,'''Every two weeks on 'Doctor Who,' the set is completely different, the world is different and there are new actors coming in. So, it's constantly surprising, and it's a pressure that you relish, actually.''' ,'''I used to love ninja movies. That was my thing.''' ,'''I think that every artistic venture is a risk, and it has to be that way, so you do as much preparation as you can and make that as thorough as you can possibly make it, until you turn up on set. It's about taking risks, and some might work and some might not, but that's what makes it interesting.''' ,'''I think Jennifer Saunders would be great in 'Doctor Who.'''' ,'''I always steal a pair of socks on every photo shoot I do. It's my thing.''' ,'''Overnight ratings are dead. It's just not the way TV is sold any more.''' ,'''Some people don't need to work hard because they are so talented.''' ,'''I would be sitting in my flat watching TV, and 'Doctor Who' would be on with my flatmate there. I would have loved to share the fact that I was the new Doctor, but I couldn't. I was going mad. My dad was rather flabbergasted. When I told him, he laughed. He was excited, elated and very proud.''' ,'''I've always loved dinosaurs.''' ,]
+++