+++
author = "Lisa Hanawalt"
title = "Lisa Hanawalt Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Lisa Hanawalt Quotes"
keywords = "lisa hanawalt,lisa hanawalt quotes,lisa hanawalt quote,lisa hanawalt sayings,lisa hanawalt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I never thought, 'I'm going to learn how to be funny now!,' and I'm still surprised when other people think I'm funny. I just learned to make jokes as a way of moving through the world. It helps me deal with all sorts of discomfort and boredom.''' ,'''I don't consider myself a political artist, but I am political just by nature of being a woman.''' ,'''I think, a lot of time, when I'm making art, I'm trying to get into a state of childlike play, where I'm not self-conscious; I'm not worried about what the outcome is going to be. I'm just having fun.''' ,'''I'm a bad artist. I'm lazy and untalented and bad.''' ,'''The way I eat in my day-to-day life is, like, very simple to the point of being absurd. Like, my boyfriend makes fun of me because if I'm eating a snack, it's often, like, a pickle and then a hard-boiled egg and then crackers and then maybe a carrot, and it's like I'm eating like a baby.''' ,'''I value multi-layered artwork that warrants a second glance, so I try my best to achieve that with my own work. If something is solely pretty or solely disgusting, you look at it once and get the gist and move on. If it's a mix of both, it's potentially more interesting.''' ,'''The social aspects of food are really important to me - my favourite food-related memories are meals I've shared with my family and friends. Posting Instagram pictures of your food and then seeing your friends comment on it is just a modern form of that kinship.''' ,'''A hot dog cut up with ketchup is, like, lunch for me, so I just think it's funny to Instagram it. I just don't want to put that much effort into cooking.''' ,'''My family always ate dinner at the table, and we would chat about our day while eating. My parents like to have a few glasses of wine and linger after the meal is over, peeling oranges for dessert while talking. It's lovely.''' ,'''I'd love to do a book with scratch n' sniff pages and pieces of string and plastic attached to the pages, you know?''' ,'''Fashion blogs are great, but I also take inspiration from movies, nature, everyday objects.''' ,'''I haven't thought too much about the word 'foodie,' but I definitely lie closer to the 'I just need to eat a thing to fuel myself' end of the spectrum. It's not quite a hobby. I don't feel a need to try all the newest restaurants.''' ,'''I used to think fashion was something unattainable and reserved only for people who look like models. But looking back, I've always made bold choices, possibly beginning with the silk jungle print jacket, orange shorts, and Nepalese cap I insisted on wearing every day when I was ten.''' ,'''It's hard to find things that haven't been said before or drawn before, but I'm trying.''' ,'''I'm not a vegetarian, but while I don't want to defend it, I try to be mindful about the amount of animal products I consume. I eat a lot of vegan meals at home, and I'm okay with paying more for higher quality meat and eggs as a tax.''' ,'''Maybe in the world of BoJack, physical attraction is sort of different, beauty standards are different from our world because, why not? It's just more fun to have a sexy chameleon or a blue-tongued skink or whatever. I don't know how subversive that is, but it's fun for me.''' ,'''Humans are generally much trickier to draw because we're so used to looking at and analyzing human faces. The slightest tweak makes a huge difference in how we perceive that character.''' ,'''We all choose what we wear every day, and I'm interested in those choices. Even if you wear the same boring hoodie sweater every day, that's a decision that tells a story about you.''' ,'''When I was five, six, I drew myself as a cat a lot, because I was obsessed with cats. And then, as soon as I took my first riding lesson, I started drawing horses.''' ,'''I have existential worries inside of me, but I don't always know how to express them all the time.''' ,'''When people think what is the most simple sort of human, it's a white man, and anything else that is added to that complicates it for people. It comes with all kinds of meanings and connotations. If they have a different skin color, that comes with a connotation. If they're a woman, 'Oh well, what do I feel about that?'''' ,'''When I look at my childhood art, it's the same. It's animals dressed up as people in patterned clothing. It basically looked like concept art for 'BoJack.' It's kind of uncanny.''' ,'''I've always liked writing. Even when I was in art school and thought I was going to be a gallery painter, I liked to pair my artwork with writing. And so that naturally led to drawing comics.''' ,'''Good cooking is good cooking, regardless of the price.''' ,'''I think the price of the food can totally alter the perception of it. If I know something is expensive and the ambience is fancy, the food just invariably tastes a little better - and I feel like I'm getting away with something. But I'm also bored by most 'fancy' food.''' ,'''I've had trouble gaining access to certain people I'd really love to interview because they're worried I'll make fun of them. I'm a pretty private and self-conscious person, so I relate to that concern!''' ,'''I no longer enjoy drawing people's pets. I just want to draw what I want to draw and have people not tell me what to draw.''' ,'''If someone leaves me a bad review, I briefly fantasize about pushing them down a well.''' ,'''I had to train myself to like spicy foods as I got older because they weren't a part of my upbringing at all.''' ,'''I like that talented chefs are able to keep coming up with new ways of preparing food - it really is an art form.''' ,'''I think a lot of people see fashion as a feminine art form and use that as an excuse to dismiss it. Highlighting it can be a way of affirming that women's interests are of value.''' ,'''I'm drawn towards people who have a little pathos and a little dark side, and I feel the same towards fictional characters.''' ,'''I think being creative is incredibly difficult and painful.''' ,'''I never thought I'd enjoy collaborating so much, but turns out it feels like a super power if you collab with the right people.''' ,'''I like observing intelligent people who have expertise in areas I'm mostly ignorant about.''' ,'''I think that even at my most anxious, if I have a job to do or a role to fill, I know on some level I can step up and complete it. I mean, I'm probably not going to go bungee jumping anytime soon... but pushing myself to weather some discomfort now and then feels healthy.''' ,'''So okay, the world through my eyes, what is that world? Well, I see a lot of dirty stuff, and I see a lot of dumb stuff.''' ,'''I went to UCLA and studied studio art. I thought I was going to be a gallery painter, photographer, or ceramicist. Then, when I graduated, that didn't happen immediately. I didn't suddenly get solo shows in Chelsea, and I realized that is actually kind of difficult to break into.''' ,'''I'm not a great boss because I don't like to tell other people what to do.''' ,]
+++