+++
author = "Son Heung-Min"
title = "Son Heung-Min Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Son Heung-Min Quotes"
keywords = "son heung-min,son heung-min quotes,son heung-min quote,son heung-min sayings,son heung-min saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Competition makes us all better and better.''' ,'''Unless I play like Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo, it'll be hard to give myself 100 out of 100.''' ,'''I may play poorly at times, but I'll always try to give my best effort.''' ,'''I'm a really luck guy to play in the Premier League and have so many fans, so many supporters. This is a really lucky guy.''' ,'''When I was at Hamburg, 17 or 18, Ruud van Nistelrooy signed, and he helped me a lot. He saw my first training session, and he talked to me. He told me I was a good player. He gave me confidence, and I want to thank him for that.''' ,'''I've been a bit unlucky with small injuries.''' ,'''When I play, I just try to score goals or assist someone - that's my job.''' ,'''Football sometimes goes up and down, and we need to accept the result.''' ,'''It's difficult for an Asian to play in the Premier League.''' ,'''He's always with me; I'm always asking. He can be my father, or he can be my coach, or he can be an ex-player. I can ask him so many things. He teaches me a lot, and I'm really thankful.''' ,'''Winning the Asian Games is about the most important thing I have achieved for my country, and seeing the delight on the faces of the people back home is something that will last with me forever.''' ,'''If I'm on the bench, I want to be ready.''' ,'''When I went to Germany, all I knew were German swear words.''' ,'''I would like to score goals in every game.''' ,'''I have scored some goals, but that is not everything, is it? Football is more than that.''' ,'''Kyriakos Papadopoulos is really funny. So is Karim Bellarabi. They are full of jokes in the dressing room.''' ,'''Every player's dream is to play Champions League and the World Cup.''' ,'''I always give 100% for my country.''' ,'''It's not easy, but I play with my body, and I can feel how important it is to get 100 percent fit to play. This is an important thing to play in the Premier League.''' ,'''I'm playing Premier League, but I'm still very hungry.''' ,'''In every country I've gone to, if you smile at people, they are going to be happy. This is my attitude.''' ,'''Paolo Guerrero is a good player - and Mladen Petric also. I think both are really good and even better than me.''' ,'''At Tottenham Hotspur, we can share the pressure, but on the South Korea team, some of the players have more pressure than others.''' ,'''I try my best, and I want to help my team-mates every game.''' ,'''Premier League is not an easy league; it's one of the best.''' ,'''I'm a very lucky guy to play for my country, and I'm very happy and lucky to have this country.''' ,'''Harry Kane is one of the best strikers in the world.''' ,'''When I am playing for my country, there is not a single match that I can take lightly.''' ,'''I want to play football until my body says, 'You can't run anymore: you're dead.'''' ,'''I want to be a top player.''' ,'''Football is about scoring, and if you want to do that, you have to go forward.''' ,'''Since we are not robots, we can't always perform well.''' ,'''If I'm on the pitch, I want to just try to give my best performance every game.''' ,'''I'm always hungry. I can be better always.''' ,'''I watched the Olympics in 2012 in London, and there were so many great performances there, so many people, so many sports.''' ,'''I'm never happy with my performances. I always want to prove more and more things.''' ,'''Without team-mates, it's difficult to play well.''' ,'''I wouldn't have become the player I have without my father.''' ,'''Harry Kane is, of course, a very important player for England because he's the best player in the world.''' ,'''It is good to play strong teams.''' ,'''It doesn't matter who scores as long as we win the match. I'll obviously try to get on the board, but the more important thing is to be prepared for the match.''' ,'''I feel great when people say good things about me. But what's important is that I have to show it on the pitch.''' ,'''Football is about tackling, about winning the ball.''' ,'''I like lots of Korean music that most people have probably never heard of. I also enjoy hip hop.''' ,'''I really actually started when I was 10 years old, but before that, I loved to play with Father because he played as an ex-player. I just enjoyed it, so I started at 10 years old with Father to be a proper football player.''' ,'''Mum's cooking is still the best thing. It's very healthy.''' ,'''I'm happy at Tottenham.''' ,'''Football is my happiness.''' ,'''I love Korean rice and Korean food in general. Korean barbecues are cool - there's a table with a hole in it with fire coming through, and we throw meat on it.''' ,]
+++