+++
author = "Davina Mccall"
title = "Davina Mccall Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Davina Mccall Quotes"
keywords = "davina mccall,davina mccall quotes,davina mccall quote,davina mccall sayings,davina mccall saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Ive realised that I dont need much. When I was in my 30s, I was like, I want the house, I want the dog, I want the car. But I dont need it. I dont really want it.''' ,'''I was ambitious. I was happy to work six, seven days a week and give more than what was expected.''' ,'''I always recommend signing up to a race or charity event if you're finding it tough to get going. I love it because it means I'm training for a reason. Being accountable is the best fear tactic for making you get fit.''' ,'''Ive always been horrifically addicted to sugar, to the point that if I had a box of Maltesers, Id be annoyed if I had to share them! I loved the high.''' ,'''I feel like I am the best version that I can be for my age, and that gives me confidence.''' ,'''My stomach hardly ever gets fat, but my bum and thighs turn to jelly if I don't work out for like, three days.''' ,'''My earliest memory is going to live with my grandmother when I was four. My mum told me she was going on holiday, but I didn't see her for three months.''' ,'''I was a waitress for a couple of years when I was 18 and with my first pay packet, I paid for an hour's cleaning once a week.''' ,'''I am not anti plastic surgery, but I'm anti procedures such as Botox and fillers which can actually distort the face and start making you look a bit odd.''' ,'''I believe you will always do well in everything if you just give more.''' ,'''Stress eating is huge - I did a lot during lockdown, and I think that's half the battle. We give ourselves such a hard time, our internal voice is so aggressive and we need to start being kinder to ourselves.''' ,'''Happiness is marvellous. I love it when Im happy, but Im not always happy.''' ,'''I have issues about swimming in the Med unless I've got a mask on.''' ,'''I think one of the reasons why I've done all right in TV is because I'm not a raging beauty. I like the way I look, I think I've just got a nice face.''' ,'''I'm better at talking to people than celebrities. It's the thing I enjoy more, too.''' ,'''If you havent been through anything difficult, the minute you do, it will hit you like a freight train and you wont know what to do because youve never been given the tools to deal with it.''' ,'''There is a Mediterranean feel to my colouring. I have olive skin, brown eyes and my nose is definitely Gallic. It's extremely Roman in profile.''' ,'''I remember when I was a child, the word cancer absolutely struck fear into everyones hearts. It was like a death sentence.''' ,'''I am 5ft 7in and generally weigh 10 stone. I put on so much weight with Chester, my third child, that when I lost it after 18 months and much hard work, it looked quite radical.''' ,'''My cheeks have got slimmer as I've got older and I have to be careful not to lose too much weight because I get hollows underneath my cheekbones, which is ageing.''' ,'''I joined Twitter in 2009 and tweeted along which was amazing. It completely elevated my viewing of 'Big Brother' because to be able to watch it in real time and all of us discussing what was going on.''' ,'''But the thing about grief is that it doesnt have a timescale. So I can sit here today and say to you that its got easier in some ways, and then all of a sudden itll just hit you so hard all over again, and you dont know where it comes from.''' ,'''Well, let's weigh it up: I don't diet, low-fat and sugar-free are swear words to me, and I have supper. But instead of having two crumpets and a bowl of cereal for breakfast, I'll have a crumpet and some fruit.''' ,'''I am extremely, annoyingly compliant. I hate breaking the rules, and I love it when people tell me what to do and I can deliver.''' ,'''As a family, we try and do at least one sit-down meal a day.''' ,'''Im a pretty normal person, working, juggling a husband and kids and friends and trying to find a little time for me, too. I never wear make-up on the school run; I am the scruffiest person by far, usually with a white toothpaste smear somewhere because some days I literally dont look in a mirror.''' ,'''I dont want to be a victim, nor be portrayed as one.''' ,'''I'm not restrictive in terms of diet. I'm just sensible for the few days following a day where I have been pigging out.''' ,'''When I was 12, my mother took me to nightclubs. She had no idea how to parent.''' ,'''And I do lots of different jobs. So I have a hundred different hats on. I could be going from 'Long Lost Family' one day, to 'The Masked Singer' the next, to a Garnier job, to something else.''' ,'''Ive always been a romantic who wanted to be married. Ive got lots of friends who have never felt that way, but for me to be married and to be with someone for your whole life is challenging but its wonderful.''' ,'''Finding time to fit in exercise can be tough - it's easy to fall into a slump.''' ,'''I work, I have three kids, a husband and a house to run. I dont have the luxury of working out every day.''' ,'''I don't think I've spawned a nation of Davinas. We have Kylies and Britneys but Davinas have missed out. Should I be offended? That is the question.''' ,'''Thats all I ever wanted from my mum. To be held tight in a protective cuddle. To get out of the bath and be wrapped up in a towel, in her arms.''' ,'''I am but a blank canvas, because everyone interprets you in a different way, and I think that's quite nice.''' ,'''You can wear your body well if youve got confidence.''' ,'''I'm not fanatical about exercise, but I am really fastidious about trying to be a good parent.''' ,'''I feel very, very French, especially when I land in France.''' ,'''When I present 'Million Pound Drop', I'm screaming the right answer in my head just like you're screaming at the television screen.''' ,'''I have never laughed as much as I did when watching 'Big Brother.'''' ,'''How attractive you are is entirely based on you feel about yourself, and if I could tell my 20-year-old self that - and really explain it - I think it would have changed my life.''' ,'''I was a real tomboy as a little girl. I wore boys' clothes and played at being Robin Hood.''' ,'''Ive got the greatest job ever and Im very lucky to be able to achieve a work/life balance that most working mums cant, but when I get the balance wrong, it makes me melancholy, which isnt who I am.''' ,'''I think probably the whole reason why I wanted to be on television was to show my mum that she was making a mistake. That I was amazing. Look at me, I'm worth something. Look at me.''' ,'''Often people renew their vows because theyre on the verge of divorce.''' ,'''My weight yo-yos a lot, so I have to be really vigilant with food and exercise - it's a pain in the butt.''' ,'''I love my food, but I love the feeling of being healthy and feeling great even more.''' ,'''Even after I had a baby, quite quickly I lost my tummy. But when I was pregnant, my redeeming feature disappeared overnight and I was left with an enormous bum and thighs.''' ,'''I love going to my AA meetings and dont think I will ever stop.''' ,'''When I talk to people about going sugar-free, they almost go into a state of grief! But there are still options out there - like the sugar-free brownies in my book.''' ,]
+++