+++
author = "Tennys Sandgren"
title = "Tennys Sandgren Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Tennys Sandgren Quotes"
keywords = "tennys sandgren,tennys sandgren quotes,tennys sandgren quote,tennys sandgren sayings,tennys sandgren saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's my job to continue on this journey with the goal of becoming the best me I can and to embody the love Christ has for me, for I answer to Him and Him alone.''' ,'''I'm fine talking about a lot of things.''' ,'''Who you follow on Twitter, I feel like, doesn't matter even a little bit.''' ,'''I like to consume information. I like to learn.''' ,'''I'm hesitant to compare myself to Roger Federer in any way, but he's improved while he's in his thirties. That makes you believe that even though you may have struggled for a few years, there's still hope.''' ,'''I obviously grew up on a court, but there wasn't any, 'All right, we're going to name him 'Tennis,' and he's going to be a professional.'''' ,'''I was definitely aptly named.''' ,'''You can ask me about my beliefs on things; that's cool. But I think to lump in and say, You follow this person, so then, wow, who are you?' Ask me who I am.''' ,'''I support Christ and following Him, and that's what I support.''' ,'''When I order sandwiches or coffee, I don't give my name: I'll say 'David' or something. It's just not worth it. They never mess 'David' up. I just want my sandwich; I just want my coffee.''' ,'''I had a little bit of expectations just to be not terrible, because you can't be named so similar to a sport and not be at least adequate at that sport. I don't think there's been expectations to be really good, because my parents never put that kind of pressure on me, but I had to be at least decent.''' ,'''I don't hold a grudge of sheer anger at life because of my name. No, no, no. It's something unique and cool. It's just a part of who I am. I'm OK with that.''' ,'''If you already think you are correct and there's nothing else you can learn in life, then I think you are in trouble.''' ,'''You can't be named like a sport if you suck at it.''' ,'''I think there was, like, a childhood moment where I had to pick shoes, either non-marking or marking shoes. The marking shoes were Spider-Man shoes. I'm like, 'Well, I want the Spider-Man shoes.' But I also didn't want to mark the court; I want to be able to play. I chose the generic, non-marking shoes.''' ,'''Are you going to get offended when someone says something that is counter to your worldview? I think you need to be willing to change your worldview or, at least, be open to other people's ideas.''' ,'''I'm more than happy to talk with people and let people know how I feel about things.''' ,'''Would I consider myself alt-right, if you want to ask that question? No, I don't. Not even a little bit. I think I am a pretty devout Christian, and I treat my walk with Christ very seriously - very seriously - in a way that I'm constantly looking at the things I do and how that affects me existentially.''' ,'''My parents and my older brother played. You kind of want to do what your family does. They were on the court. I'm like, 'I want to be on the court, too.'''' ,'''I have settled on just kind of what I always settle on: To keep getting better and try and affect people positively sometimes. Don't be so negative all the time.''' ,'''If you watch a news channel, you wouldn't then say that that person who's watching the news channel thinks everything that the news channel puts out. You wouldn't think that.''' ,'''When you play Futures and Challengers for three, four years, you're playing in obscurity. You play the game for other reasons. You don't play the game for money or attention. You play the game because you like to play. You play the game because you enjoy the journey.''' ,'''I have ideas, but those ideas could be wrong. The only way that you would change someone's mind is through dialogue, through productive discussion. If you're not going to have productive discussion, what are you going to do?''' ,'''To say, 'Well, he's following X person, so he believes all the things that this person believes'... I think that's ridiculous.''' ,'''I haven't ever really been close to retiring. I've threatened myself, that kind of thing. There were moments where I'm struggling or not healthy: It's like, OK, is this the best way I can spend my 20s? Is this something that's going to help me in the future, or I might as well be fishing or gaming.''' ,'''If people enjoy watching me play, or if I can have a good interaction with somebody, that's a win.''' ,'''I've tried to dial my emotions down: not get too high, not get too low, try to find that even-keel tennis.''' ,'''What information you see doesn't dictate what you think or believe. I think it's crazy to think that.''' ,'''My game has been improving as I've been working. Little things are getting better. Which, I would hope so - it's all I do every day.''' ,'''It is my firm belief that the highest value must be placed on the virtue of each individual, regardless of gender, race, religion, or sexual orientation.''' ,'''If everybody thinks you're amazing, you probably are doing something wrong.''' ,]
+++