+++
author = "Sam Smith"
title = "Sam Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "87"
description = "the best 87 Sam Smith Quotes"
keywords = "sam smith,sam smith quotes,sam smith quote,sam smith sayings,sam smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's always been a hunger in me not necessarily to be successful, but to be an icon.''' ,'''If we're going to go really deep, we're all trying to live forever. My music is my way of doing that.''' ,'''I'm a gay man who came out when I was 10 years old, and there's nothing in my life that I'm prouder of.''' ,'''I don't want to make music that is hot now; I want to make music that is hot forever.''' ,'''Anything's possible. If I turn round tomorrow and say I want to be a spaceman, I could do that. You can do whatever you want to do.''' ,'''As a youngster, when I started writing and stuff, I did actually write more from other people's perspectives. When I hit 18 and something happened to me that hurt me, I discovered that writing the truth is really therapeutic and amazing.''' ,'''I met Kim Kardashian the other week, and she knew who I was! I walked in the room, and she was like, 'I should text Kanye saying you're here; he showed me your music.' It's really hard to digest. Also, I don't think you should digest stuff like that.''' ,'''I personally think Beyonce's a strong feminist. What she's done in music and for women is unprecedented. I love her. She definitely makes me feel like more of a woman.''' ,'''I can't relate to skinny, perfectly sculptured, tanned men singing about gold chains and Ferraris because I'm not that way.''' ,'''I don't understand why you have to wear a wedding ring to warn people off. You should be able to be faithful to that person without anything on your body to show that you are with someone.''' ,'''I've listened to female vocalists my whole life. That's what I love. I still listen to guys' vocals and don't get taken aback a lot.''' ,'''I'm just very body-conscious. Sometimes I'm really proud that I don't look like other pop stars. But there's also moments where I'm like, 'Ugh, I wish I had abs like Bieber.'''' ,'''I used to get very angry as I was getting older, because my voice was breaking. So I've trained my voice so religiously through my teenage years, because I wanted to be able to hit the notes that those females hit. And I can, which is great.''' ,'''When I write music, it's very strange: maybe it's normal, but I see things in songs in different colors.''' ,'''People need songs to belt out in the shower. Even if everyone else doesn't need that, I need that.''' ,'''When someone calls you 'gay,' there's not much you can do about that because I am. Whereas, if someone calls you fat, there is something you can do about that.''' ,'''Some artists get so comfortable now after even one or two albums and think, 'I'm the biggest artist in the world,' but it's like, yeah, you are for now, but you've gotta work so that you're remembered further, and that's what I'm trying to do.''' ,'''Just because you're selling out shows doesn't mean you deserve better treatment than the person next door.''' ,'''The U.K. is so important to me. It's everything - it's my home. I love America, but it's so important for me to be here and be an artist and be well known here.''' ,''''Stay With Me,' for me, is my own personal anthem to the 'walk of shame...' that we've all gone through. It's the feeling after a one-night stand of not wanting that person to leave, even if you don't love them and don't even like them. It's about having that body next to you.''' ,'''When I write sad songs, I feel like I'm sewing up a scar in me, and the outcome always feels so much better than when I write happy ones.''' ,'''Sound-wise, I'm really limitless in the way I write songs. Whatever comes out, comes out. Every song is completely different.''' ,'''Oh gosh, I dyed my hair red when I was in year 11 with that L'Oreal Live stuff. It was like plumy purple - it was horrific. I looked awful; I don't know what I was thinking!''' ,'''I want to save duets and collaborations for outside of the album. With the albums, I like it just being me.''' ,'''As a kid, I collected 'Vogue' every month for three years.''' ,'''I have a weird and undying love for George Michael. He's the reason why I want to do what I do.''' ,'''I loved things like Destiny's Child, and Amy Winehouse's first record came out when I was 11 years old. But as a young, young child, I was just surrounded by Stevie Wonder, Whitney Houston, Chaka Khan - just massive, soulful voices.''' ,'''I don't want to think about what I'm doing in 20 years. All I want is I want to be happy, and I hope my family are healthy. And that's all, really.''' ,'''My plan is just to love harder than I've ever loved before, hide nothing, and embrace that I'm an imperfect human being. Oh, and sadness - sadness is everything.''' ,'''Food is my favourite thing in the world. I always say if I ate what I actually wanted to eat I'd be in one of those electronic scooters because I'd be too big.''' ,'''I'm not a really religious person, but those moments onstage feel like some sort of religious experience because no one holds back, especially 'Stay With Me' when I finish the show. It kind of turns into an anthem when I perform it live, and it feels like there's a lot of love in the room.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with Marcus Mumford. I've got to know him recently; he's amazing.''' ,'''I will sing happy songs, and I do sing happy songs, but the stuff that's going to move me and going to make me close my eyes is always the blues.''' ,'''My music relies solely on the feeling. Just the feeling.''' ,'''I've never been in a relationship before. I've only been in unrequited relationships where people haven't loved me back. I guess I'm a little bit attracted to that in a bad way.''' ,'''It's my job to have ups and downs because it makes good music.''' ,'''I went to bed last night dreaming of tuna melts. I love food.''' ,'''I'm a vulnerable, sensitive person. I overthink everything.''' ,'''I'm really scared of flying. Like, really, really, really scared.''' ,'''I want to be a voice for that: just because I've lost weight doesn't mean that I'm happy and content with my body. Because of the media, and because of what I feel I should look like, it's always going to be a battle in my head.''' ,'''I believe in God, but I don't know what it is - if it's a he, she, a he-she, or anything. Who knows what it is. All I know is that I feel like there's something else there.''' ,'''Even now I doubt myself. I don't understand what people hear in my voice. I can't hear it myself, if you know what I mean.''' ,'''I miss the days when girls would wear full long dresses and just stand onstage and sing. That's what I'm trying to bring back: that timeless element. I want to create music that people will be listening to in fifty years, you know?''' ,'''My debut album is just a diary from a lonely 21-year-old. That's what it is.''' ,'''I used to sing Chaka Khan tunes in the car with my mum when I was eight years old.''' ,'''The idea of having a house, a kid, a husband, and a dog... I love that. I also really want to open a coffee and flower shop one day, probably in Italy.''' ,'''I started off doing theater as a kid, and I always played a character. I hid behind the script and was told where to go. But to actually perform as yourself is very difficult. I didn't used to enjoy it, but now I do.''' ,'''I was once sitting on a tube, and someone was playing my song so loudly through their ear phones next to me. I just stayed silent and chuckled to myself.''' ,'''I'm a very ambitious person. I've been like this from a very young age. As early as 12 years old, I used to have panic attacks because I needed to know my life plan.''' ,'''When I was at school and wasn't having a great time or when music wasn't going very well, I would eat, eat. Eating would make me feel better; when I felt lonely, I would eat.''' ,'''There is a way to share an insight into your personal life without being classless, which is what I'm trying to do.''' ,'''I'm more comfortable performing in front of 50,000 people than five people - it's easier. When there's that many people, I feel like I'm alone. When I perform in front of only a few people, it's scary.''' ,'''I've had an amazing life, but I think I was born with a little bit of sadness in me. I've always been attracted to those things, whether it's sad movies, sad music... when you're sad, you feel everything in a greater way than you do when you're happy.''' ,'''Music is to give, share.''' ,'''Hearing a whole entire room sing back to me, 'I guess it's true I'm not good at a one-night stand,' you know, I just can't explain the feeling. It's unreal. You feel like you've just read your diary to thousands of people and they've gone, 'It's okay. We still love you.'''' ,'''I've made my music so that it could be about anything and everybody - whether it's a guy, a female or a goat - and everybody can relate to that.''' ,'''I don't go to celebrity parties a lot. I don't really enjoy them because I really like going for it in parties. And sometimes at celebrity parties, there is no dancing on tables because people... it can be a little judgmental at times. So I tend not to go unless it is Taylor Swift's birthday party; then it's amazing.''' ,'''I'm a huge Gaga fan. I have been since I was a kid. I actually camped out overnight to see Gaga when I was 17 years old in London.''' ,'''When it comes to age, I just feel like puberty is, like, the most horrible time of anyone's life.''' ,'''We want people to listen to records, to a whole body of music. I want you to buy into my life, not just one subject in my life.''' ,'''When I'm performing, I'm not even thinking about the song. I'm thinking about the audience.''' ,'''My cross earrings are a mini statement; I wear them every day! My whole dream is to be iconic, and the way you dress yourself is so important.''' ,'''My main incentive now is to be so successful that I can get a private jet and sit with the pilot. I got upgraded to first class the other week, but even there I was still scared. I could be massaged for the whole flight and still think I'm going to die.''' ,'''I'm yet to attack French cooking, you know, where it's intense, following recipes and stuff. I'm more of a 'make it up' kind of thing.''' ,'''I get really self-conscious about people staring at me. It sounds so weird. As a performer, as an artist, these should be the things that I'm used to. But that's not the case. When people stare at me, I freak out.''' ,'''People say, 'He doesn't want to be a spokesperson for the gay community.' I do, of course I do, but I want to be a spokesperson for everyone. Ya know, straight people, gay people, bisexual. I don't want it to be limited.''' ,'''I don't think about whether it's gonna be a dance record or a ballad or anything when I'm making music. I sit in the studio and I think, 'How am I feeling today?' and I write how I feel. It's really, really simple.''' ,'''I want to make the music that's not there anymore. I'm so passionate about the singing voice... What I'm trying to do actually with my album is show that it's my voice that's leading. It's my voice that's the instrument.''' ,'''Talking about my deepest and darkest secrets to the world makes me feel better. It's cathartic.''' ,'''My mum and dad used to make me stand up at dinner parties and sing to their friends.''' ,'''I'm addicted to making music, but I don't want to do it forever. I just want a farm. Farms make you happy.''' ,'''You love who you love, and I can't help that I like guys.''' ,'''My favorite soundtrack is 'Avatar.' It's the best thing in the world. I love it.''' ,'''I'll be excited when I get my heart broken properly for the first time. I'll be like, 'Thank God I've experienced something. Someone wanted to kiss me.' That's when it's going to be interesting: When you break up, they're taking a piece with them.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong: I love a massive show with dancers and the works, and I love Zumba! But I just want there to be more people who just sing.''' ,'''I did musical theatre for about four years. One time, I did six shows in one year whilst juggling school.''' ,'''When I find the right person, nothing else will matter, but I'm prepared to kiss a lot of frogs.''' ,'''I don't sit there writing songs, thinking, 'This would be good for Rihanna.' I don't want to be pitching out like that.''' ,'''I hate it when guys wear really tight t-shirts. It's just so horrible, especially when you can see their bellies.''' ,'''Jazz scares me. I've witnessed so many incredible singers and jazz musicians. Pop and soul music have always been the things that I felt like I could do.''' ,'''It sounds depressing, but I think when you truly love someone, you'll never stop loving them.''' ,'''I just feel like people need role models, you know, that are dressed.''' ,'''I'm a melancholy person. It's how I'm always going to be.''' ,'''I find short, fast romances romantic. There's a beauty to dark imagery.''' ,'''My music is almost like vomit! It's a horrible way to put it, but I feel it, I say it, and I doubt myself all the time throughout my whole life, but when it comes to music, I just don't. I don't doubt myself.''' ,'''I don't have any problem with being the guy whose album people put on when they're feeling sad.''' ,'''I used to love going to the garden centre as a kid. It made me feel relaxed.''' ,]
+++