+++
author = "Butch Hartman"
title = "Butch Hartman Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Butch Hartman Quotes"
keywords = "butch hartman,butch hartman quotes,butch hartman quote,butch hartman sayings,butch hartman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was working on 'My Little Pony' in the '80s, but I got fired because I couldn't draw the ponies well enough. It was a horrible show.''' ,'''Bunsen' is one of the best things I've been able to do. I'm so excited about it. Not only because of the awesome characters, but because of the incredible writing our team is doing. I think it combines the best traits of all my previous stuff and even adds a bit of extra weirdness here and there too.''' ,'''You feel kind of powerless as a kid, so I wanted to create a world where the kid actually gets some power.''' ,'''Like any good business, I think Nickelodeon waits to see results.''' ,'''I've been drawing since about age 5. In kindergarten I drew a picture of my teacher and she loved it! Made a big fuss over me. That's when I realized that, if I drew cool pictures, I could get attention from adults. From that point on I was an attention freak!''' ,'''When we grew up, we had three channels on television and only one day of cartoons and if you missed it, you missed it.''' ,'''When you're designing a monster, there's kind of no rules.''' ,'''I get so many kids coming up to me now, saying, 'Oh, Mr. Hartman, I love your show, I grew up with it; I understand all the jokes now!'''' ,'''Life is full of challenges, but I always have the Three Ps: Passion, patience and persistence. And the fourth one is pizza.''' ,'''I like to take kids to places they can't get to in real life.''' ,'''I'm a parent, and my kids think I'm an idiot.''' ,'''I think a lot of guys think they can do voice acting, but when you hear the pros and they are so great... that's a little intimidating.''' ,'''I write about what I know.''' ,'''I learned early that I could get attention from adults with my drawings.''' ,'''Fairly OddParents' is one of those rare shows that really resonated with people beyond demographics.''' ,'''There's been a stigma out there that cartoons only equal kids.''' ,'''Whereas 'OddParents' was slam-bam and silly all the way through, 'Danny Phantom' has more of a good-guy-vs.-bad-guy comic book feel.''' ,'''I wanted to do a show with magic so I wouldn't have to worry about coming up with ideas, and sometimes that's the problem.''' ,'''I always try to make/produce shows that can be viewed by the entire family. I never want to intentionally make anything that I will be embarrassed by or that people of any age can't watch.''' ,'''I just like to draw and put ideas down. And every idea that Nickelodeon doesn't buy I put on the Noog Network.''' ,'''I just love the sound of my own voice. But I don't think mine is as funny as other people's.''' ,'''When 'Johnny Bravo' was going to end, I thought, 'I really need to sell something. I need a job.' So, I sat down and just sketched this little boy with a fairy godmother. I was going to do a boy version of 'Cinderella.'''' ,'''When you're a kid, helping an old lady across the street is kind of cute. But when you're an adult, it's just plain creepy.''' ,'''All I ever wanted to do was draw.''' ,'''Drawing' is telling a story with pictures. 'Writing' is telling a story with words.''' ,'''When kids are kids, everything a parent does seems goofy.''' ,'''We write stories that we like and hope the kids like them, too. But we definitely make sure that they skew toward a kid audience.''' ,'''I think I'm fascinated with empowering the shy kids.''' ,'''I used to sit in front of the TV and draw the Flintstones as fast as I could.''' ,'''I've got a cool sketchbook that I am selling on Amazon.''' ,'''I kind of never stop. I never sleep.''' ,'''It was really difficult for guys like me who were just young punks to come in and sell a funny idea.''' ,'''I want adults to be the last ones to switch off a cartoon on TV.''' ,'''I want to encourage everyone to experiment and try out as many of your talents as you can because, if you utilize them properly, they will make you into a much more well-rounded person in the end.''' ,'''Being a parent is not an easy job, which is why we try to create cartoons parents know are safe for their kids.''' ,'''I started out being a cartoonist at school, but I went to CalArts to study.''' ,'''I've been in the industry for 15 years, and I knew all the pieces that needed to be included to make a series. It wasn't just about writing characters, it wasn't just about writing a funny joke.''' ,'''It's always been tough to imagine the T.U.F.F. Puppy animal gang living next to Danny Phantom.''' ,'''I owe a lot to 'SpongeBob.'''' ,'''I think it's funny when parents are idiots.''' ,'''I never played sports. I was always drawing.''' ,'''I thought about 'Johnny Quest' and how I loved that cartoon and what a cool name he has. I tried to come up with other names and thought 'Johnny Phantom' would be cool, a superpowered kid who was a ghostbuster.''' ,'''My shows are frenetic and fast-paced.''' ,'''You should almost always draw in pen. It forces you to be confident. You can never erase, so it makes you really focus on your line and not wimp out.''' ,]
+++