+++
author = "Keith Flint"
title = "Keith Flint Quotes"
quotes_len = "57"
description = "the best 57 Keith Flint Quotes"
keywords = "keith flint,keith flint quotes,keith flint quote,keith flint sayings,keith flint saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm proud to say I've never listened to that 'Gangnam Style.'''' ,'''There is something about being on stage that's a release for me. It gets my mental energy out.''' ,'''People ask if I would do the TT myself - the actual romance of doing it is in me but the chances are zero. I can't belittle the talent and the bravery and the endurance that goes into a race like this. The competitors are some of the bravest men on the planet and it is one of the biggest challenges a racer can take on.''' ,'''When we walk onto that stage I'm not feeling like I'm ruled by any other band.''' ,'''I've always had mental problems, so to speak.''' ,'''I'm not a singer.''' ,'''That's just the way the world's going - everything has to be so instantly commercial that it kills anything that's a little bit underground instantly.''' ,'''People are getting force-fed commercial, generic records that are just safe, safe, safe.''' ,'''Some of these DJs have screens, 3D blocks, flames, gas and even a trapeze. It's like looking at a really stupid customised car.''' ,'''I just do my thing onstage - it's just what happens. No one, even if they're into the band, can know it's as natural and real as anything can be. I don't think about it.''' ,'''I think what's more important to The Prodigy is that, whatever number your album goes in at, or the single, or however many plays it gets, or doesn't get, or awards you get, or don't get; our reward, as a band, is to write the best album we can and then go to Download festival and rip it to pieces.''' ,'''Look, at the end of the day, we do what we do because it suits us.''' ,'''We played an old U-Boat factory in East Germany once and that was massive - 35,000 people.''' ,'''I'm sorry, I'm not a performing monkey.''' ,'''We went and made our own scene and did our own thing.''' ,'''We're all taught to blend in and behave.''' ,'''I was never the brains behind the band - that was always Liam. But together we were a complete package.''' ,'''When you have had the high of being on stage, especially in a band like ourselves, I can't help but search for that buzz.''' ,'''We've never adopted Americanisms. We are a very British band from a very British cultural scene. We fly that flag and that is something I enjoy.''' ,'''You know, it's very easy to have a few beers with people in the music industry and suddenly be friends for life - 'Let's work together!' All of a sudden, you're trying to form a super group with a few people you've met in a club. I'm not into that, myself. Those aren't your mates.''' ,'''The band is built on fire and venom, as is the energy that goes into racing - but it is a completely different discipline. They are very similar in a lot of ways but poles apart in others.''' ,'''I'm not scary. It's scary for people to see someone being nonconformist.''' ,'''Your mates are the people who have been around 10 years or more.''' ,'''I like jokes and one-liners. I enjoy entertaining and making people laugh, being the funny man. But when I'm launched into unfamiliar environments I shut down, and as I relax then my character emerges.''' ,'''I'm in a band. I'll do what I want.''' ,'''What I like about Japanese venues is that the front barrier is right up against the stage, so when you're bending over, they're right there in front of you. In some European festivals, they're so paranoid, you need a taxi to go and touch the crowd!''' ,'''I'm incredibly self-destructive.''' ,'''America is really happy to be sold something.''' ,'''When we were on XL, they wanted to be dangerous and they wanted to be exciting because we were dangerous and exciting!''' ,'''We don't feel like we changed from rave, because we were never rave, to punk, because we're not punk.''' ,'''It can only sound one way with the Prodigy - vicious, banging and, yeah, incites a riot.''' ,'''We like to take picnics and sandwiches, driving through the green lanes. My wife loves the house, the dogs, and the animals we have around us, the deer and the fox that comes and pokes his head through the hedge.''' ,'''To be a part of TT history is a massive achievement. It is one of, if not the greatest races on two wheels, if not on four.''' ,'''With Liam, what you see is what you get. I love him for it. That's what it's about - you've got to have the Liam Gallaghers out there, you know what I mean?''' ,'''If you like energy, if you like attitude, if you like tough beats with black rhythms with a bit of soul and a bit of realness, come and check out the Prodigy.''' ,'''I think anyone who's willing to be brutally honest with who they are and express themselves is always going to get the oddball label, the pyscho label, the twisted label. That's what happens.''' ,'''We've stood by who we are and we didn't listen to anyone else.''' ,'''It's always hard to find groups who can tour with The Prodigy.''' ,'''Don't you think it's kind-of cool to have a band that offends MTV, that puts out a video that real fans have to dig around for, or stay up late to see?''' ,'''I've always been an attention seeker. I've always demanded attention and I'll do anything to get it.''' ,'''The TT is a very precious thing to the riders. These guys that do the roads are very unique people. On the first hand you've got the bravery, the knowledge of the circuit, the guys live this - this is what they are about. I am very aware of that.''' ,'''The point is to be true to yourself - otherwise you may as well give up.''' ,'''Trouble is, I'm definitely on the spectrum somewhere - there's a dysfunctional side.''' ,'''It's a bit of a bold statement, but the Prodigy should be seen as an important cultural band.''' ,'''I am quite schizophrenic as a person. I can be sweet as anything and lovely, and then I can just go into a scene that people are quite shocked with.''' ,'''If you're onstage thinking about what you're going to eat when you get offstage, it's time to finish.''' ,'''I'm not sure if I'd call myself an extrovert. I think I'm a bit contradictory. I like being endearing and venomous at the same time. I guess it's one part of myself fighting against the other part, proving that I'm not that nice all the time.''' ,'''I'm not here to change the world, but I do think while you're here you should have a bit of passion about life.''' ,'''I'm not the kind of guy who can be sitting around listening to Joni Mitchell, chilling. I'd rather bash my head against a wall.''' ,'''Going onstage is like going into battle. You're ultimately there to win. It's driven and fuelled by passion and a desire to do it.''' ,'''I don't hear anyone out there that sounds like us. They can try but it's in the sonics, the whole carcass of the song. The way it attacks you is so well engineered. No one else can do that. They don't have the ability to make that noise.''' ,'''I was quite disruptive and out there. Then I found myself in a load of remedial classes being told how to use a ruler. But when they tested my IQ, they found out I was quite intelligent.''' ,'''I know I'm in the best band in the world.''' ,'''I'm volatile, up-tempo, quick to react and passionate. People often think all that high-energy stuff is just for the stage, but that's me. I like to express myself. When I was younger I would listen to the Jam in my bedroom and jump around in excitement to the music.''' ,'''I know that I'm with the best people I can be, and my arsenal of sounds and songs and tracks is as good as it could possibly be. Don't be in a band unless you feel that.''' ,'''Everything's so commercialised it shuts down the underground.''' ,'''Our buzz is from the crowd.''' ,]
+++