+++
author = "Kevin-Prince Boateng"
title = "Kevin-Prince Boateng Quotes"
quotes_len = "81"
description = "the best 81 Kevin-Prince Boateng Quotes"
keywords = "kevin-prince boateng,kevin-prince boateng quotes,kevin-prince boateng quote,kevin-prince boateng sayings,kevin-prince boateng saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's always nice to be in England. It's the kind of football I love to play. Even playing at Stamford Bridge, it's amazing.''' ,'''I think Sassuolo are a serious club who play great football, keeping the ball, and are almost Spanish in style.''' ,'''Basketball is one of my favourite sports; I love playing it and watching it on TV.''' ,'''Lionel Messi is not human. He is from another galaxy.''' ,'''Ronaldo dominates this world, and Messi is above everything else.''' ,'''I've always wanted to work with De Zerbi, and I think he is a genius in his vision of football.''' ,'''I could hear from the crowd some monkey noises, and this went on for about 25 minutes. Every time I touched the ball, I could hear the crowd. I said to myself, 'In this kind of environment, in this situation, I don't want to play football anymore.'''' ,'''Racism is real; it exists here and now. You can find it on the streets, in your office, and in football stadiums.''' ,'''I think everyone does crazy things in life.''' ,'''A dream doesn't become reality through magic. It takes sweat, determination, and hard work.''' ,'''I want to be 100 per cent; I want to give everything when I come to play for Ghana.''' ,'''I bought three cars in one day. For a high six-figure sum, I got a Lamborghini, a Hummer, and a Cadillac Oldtimer.''' ,'''Many sportsmen, like myself and my team-mates, artists, and musicians all have unique chances and responsibilities to make themselves heard. We have the possibility to reach the parts that political speeches will never reach.''' ,'''Just having people saying no to racism on a commercial changes nothing.''' ,'''If I would have had the absolute will, I would have been a starting XI player at Barcelona or would have played 10 years for Real Madrid or Manchester United.''' ,'''Everybody has struggles in life, and mine was to come out of a tough area in Berlin. It helped me a lot on my way to becoming a professional footballer, to being an idol and a good role model.''' ,'''My mum and dad used to listen to a lot of R&B and soul, so this was the way I grew up. Hip-hop, of course. But then as I grew older, I started listening to everything.''' ,'''There was always football in my family: my dad, big and little brothers, even my mum used to play.''' ,'''Am I the Cristiano Ronaldo of Sassuolo? Maybe yes, but I'm 500 goals away.''' ,'''For young people who are football players, Ronaldo should be the best in the world. He is the best example to look at because he trains to the fullest and has talent.''' ,'''When I played for Ghana, I learned how to fight malaria. Simple vaccines are not enough. You also have to dry out infected areas where the carriers proliferate. I think that racism and malaria have a lot in common.''' ,'''I know what's it like when everyone has a go at you, when criticism is harsh, and your family is part of it. This drags you down, and you can't get on with your life.''' ,'''We have a duty to face racism and to fight it.''' ,'''I can honestly tell you that playing against Messi is very difficult.''' ,'''Going to Barcelona is a huge opportunity and an incredible feeling.''' ,'''I've never been a trophy guy.''' ,'''I've never lacked guts, for good or bad.''' ,'''The Champions League without Milan is not the Champions League.''' ,'''I chose Schalke for a couple of reasons. I wanted to go back home, to be close to my little boy, and it's a great club.''' ,'''In football, things change quickly.''' ,'''Yes, I am the best footballer in the world.''' ,'''Under pressure, I play best.''' ,'''Stadiums can be places where people of different colour come to support their teams, or they can be seen as stagnant areas where healthy people will be infected by racism.''' ,'''I want to play at a good level for as long as possible and just stay healthy.''' ,'''I believe it's not 100 percent right to kneel during the national anthem, because you have to respect what many have done for this nation. I think kneeling prior to the anthem, like the Dallas Cowboys have done, is right.''' ,'''You end up trying to buy happiness. I bought a Lamborghini. Wow! I was happy for a week. After that, I didn't even use the car. Who drives around Loughton in a Lamborghini?''' ,'''I love Italy. I always said that some part of me is Italian since I moved to Milano.''' ,'''I had a lot of money for a 20-year-old.''' ,'''As an 18-year-old, I would have needed an agent or a family to push me in the right direction. I would have liked that.''' ,'''In what transcends this world, the best is Messi because he is incredible: he does things that nobody can do.''' ,'''We are in the year 2013, and racism is still amongst us and is still a problem. It's not simply an argument for the History Channel or something that belongs to the past or something that only happens in other countries.''' ,'''I'm happy to have met Klopp.''' ,'''At Portsmouth, I showed what I could do, the kind of football I was capable of.''' ,'''I put a portion of my salary to the side.''' ,'''I think we should not accept and tolerate racism anywhere, in any game, whether it's a friendly game or a World Cup final, or it's a Champions League final.''' ,'''For me, it is amazing to be in England. To be in London and playing for Spurs will be great for me.''' ,'''Players like Rio Ferdinand and Patrick Vieira have supported me, and I just want to say thank you.''' ,'''Social networking sites are an easy way to insult people. People have sent me messages saying that they are praying for me to get injured. Such messages are not nice, because I love playing football: I love playing for my club; I love playing football for Ghana.''' ,'''The most important thing is to help the team to come in front of the goal with one-two passes, I drop down, or I give them space, because for defenders, it's always difficult to have a false nine because they don't have a direct player against them, so they don't know exactly what to do.''' ,'''In my life, there's been a lot of partying.''' ,'''I grew up with all cultures in the world.''' ,'''I know - without sounding arrogant - that I could've played at Real Madrid... but I didn't work hard enough for that.''' ,'''At my age - 31, nearly 32 - the No. 9 role is perfect for me. But it is important to adapt to whatever the team and the coach need.''' ,'''There are so many people, FIFA or whatever, that can do something against this. They should wake up and do it. If there is a racism, those people should be banned from the stadium forever. They should not even enter the stadium anymore. Never again. That's the first thing they can do.''' ,'''Everyone thinks footballers have a great life and drive great cars, but sometimes you have to pull the veil away and look behind.''' ,'''I still have a picture: three cars, big house, I'm standing there like I'm 50 Cent. I look at it sometimes and say, 'Look how stupid you were.' But that made me who I am, and I can look back and see it. I've learned. I grew up. I woke up one morning, looked in the mirror, and thought, 'No, that's not me. I don't want to be that. I'm a footballer.'''' ,'''I watched the Premier League regularly in Germany. It is the most famous league in the world, and I have always enjoyed it.''' ,'''I don't like my first name.''' ,'''I should have been called Kelvin. That would have been a top name: Kelvin-Prince. That was a mistake on the birth certificate - no one knows that.''' ,'''Every single person I spoke with, when I said I might perhaps be moving to Modena, told me how great the food is, so much so that I had to say, 'I'm here to play football, not to open a restaurant!'''' ,'''Fans don't care what's in your private life, what happened in your past, where you come from. If you don't perform, they judge.''' ,'''The concept 'a bit racist' doesn't exist. There are no tolerable quantities of racism. It's unacceptable regardless of where it happens or the form that it takes.''' ,'''Barcelona is the best club in the world; My team-mates are Ousmane Dembele, Philippe Coutinho, Luis Suarez, or King Lionel Messi.''' ,'''Sometimes I wake up, and I'm a little bit grumpy, and I listen to soul. Sometimes I wake up, and I need some spirit, so I listen to rock n' roll. It depends on the mood I'm in.''' ,'''Money is important, but it's not everything.''' ,'''I know that Spurs are a team who like to play offensive football.''' ,'''There are many different types of racism from people of different colours and nationalities. There is no vaccine to fight this and no antibiotics to take. It's a dangerous and infectious virus which is strengthened by indifference and inaction.''' ,'''I've earned a lot of money, seen everything, and have a wonderful family. What else can I do?''' ,'''My dream is to help young players. I don't want them to make the mistakes I did in the past.''' ,'''Just like in everything else, there are people in football who you don't particularly like.''' ,'''Cristiano - he has it all. He has a right foot, left foot, is good in the air, so quick.''' ,'''In two years, I spent all my money on cars, watches, boots, discos, restaurants, and friends who, in reality, were not friends at all. For a boy like me, who grew up in a poor neighbourhood and without money, it was dangerous.''' ,'''There were three people I always wanted to meet: Michael Jackson, Muhammad Ali, and Nelson Mandela.''' ,'''When you're young, you don't think about what you want to be. I was just playing football because I had fun and enjoyed it. When I reached 16, that's when I was dreaming about becoming a footballer.''' ,'''Don't ask me about Real Madrid - it's just the past.''' ,'''When I was younger, I didn't work hard because I could rely on my talent. That's not the right way.''' ,'''I'm not the kind of person who goes into the dressing room and says: 'I'm the Guv here.' But maybe I give off the aura that I'm the kind of person who can be a big player.''' ,'''I'm someone who likes to live it up.''' ,'''A return to the Bundesliga would be super.''' ,'''At my club, Portsmouth, my foot pains were diagnosed as a strain of the syndesmotic ligament.''' ,'''The Champions League is a very special one, as everyone switches one gear up.''' ,]
+++