+++
author = "Guy Clark"
title = "Guy Clark Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Guy Clark Quotes"
keywords = "guy clark,guy clark quotes,guy clark quote,guy clark sayings,guy clark saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have no reason to sit home and write songs all day without going out and playing for the folks. And I have no reason to go play for the folks unless I'm writing new songs so they can sort of feed off one another. And I just try to do the best I can.''' ,'''All gut strings. That's just the first kind of guitar I played, it was a nylon string guitar. And to me, it's the purest form of guitar making, and I just enjoy doing it.''' ,'''Chris is the engineer down at the studio where we do these things. And he's just such an integral part and he has such a marvelous ear. Also it turns out, we didn't know, but he's a pretty good fiddle player.''' ,'''I get pretty much all the exercise I need walking down airport concourses carrying bags.''' ,'''I've known Shawn for several years. And he's just an amazing talent. He's a great writer, a marvelous, marvelous guitar player, and plays really good fiddle.''' ,'''There aren't any rules, as far as anything-and that applies especially to writing songs, whatever gets the point across. So you're just kind of brought up to feel-in any field, if you say you can do it, do it. There it is.''' ,'''But by the time you get there and you get home, it winds up being a lot of time out. So I'm getting the itch to build, I know that. I keep looking at my stacks of wood and what I can do with it.''' ,'''Well, I had a fiddle that I really can't play, so I loaned it to Darrell. But yeah, he's from another planet.''' ,'''It was really amazing. I mean, he'd never mentioned that he played in the symphony, like serious violin playing, not fiddle playing. And he just blew us away.''' ,'''It's just something I've always done. In South Texas, the first guitar you get is a Mexican guitar. And the first one I got, the first thing I did was take it apart.''' ,'''Darrell is really good in the studio. I mean, he has a real working knowledge of how the process works, and what sounds good coming back over tape, and how the stuff works together.''' ,'''Mary Gauthier's great. Yeah, we've played a lot of gigs together. She's really wonderful.''' ,'''Ain't no chance if you don't take it.''' ,'''I don't know what the outcome will be. I put a couple away for my grandkids, like that. So I don't know, who knows? Maybe I'll start building guitars for a living.''' ,'''Things change all the time, and they'll probably never be the same again. It's just the natural evolution of the human condition. Things change, and whatever it is is what it is. I mean, you try to start second guessing that, you either get rich or die broke.''' ,'''I just was apologizing for maybe being a little goofy.''' ,]
+++