+++
author = "Simon Helberg"
title = "Simon Helberg Quotes"
quotes_len = "69"
description = "the best 69 Simon Helberg Quotes"
keywords = "simon helberg,simon helberg quotes,simon helberg quote,simon helberg sayings,simon helberg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wouldn't wear turtlenecks. That I'm not envious of. But who knows? I might sneak out a few things and hope and pray that no one says, 'Hey, didn't you wear that when you were playing an enormous geek on TV?'''' ,'''Stephen Frears is brilliant and has made movies that inspired me for my whole life.''' ,'''I'm obviously more known for being on television, and that's where most people see me.''' ,'''Playing piano well is one thing, but attempting to play at concert level accompanying Meryl Streep while Stephen Frears is filming you in front of hundreds of people is - well - psychotic.''' ,'''I grew up surrounded by sketch comedy.''' ,'''I think that everybody is kind of a nerd at heart.''' ,'''I grew up around the business quite a bit; I saw a little bit of the underbelly of it.''' ,'''We're going to do a natural birth. At first she was like, 'We should do it at home,' and I said, 'Look, either way, when you go into labor, I will be checking into a hospital... so if you want to come along, come along.''' ,'''In America, the first thing people say is, 'What do you do?'''' ,'''I would say Mick Jagger plus Mr. Furley equals Howard Wolowitz.''' ,'''I play piano, and I was really, really obsessive about playing piano in high school. I don't know if that's nerdy, but I definitely locked myself in the room and was playing jazz. I was 14. I guess that's kind of cool, actually.''' ,'''I do have sometimes a difficult time watching myself.''' ,'''I'd say I'm really, really good for a 16-year-old, which is where I peaked. I'm impressive, but not classically trained, not a concert pianist.''' ,'''I guess I get really obsessive or passionate about things.''' ,'''When you see someone putting themselves out there, particularly when you see someone is failing and failing so passionately, it brings up this bittersweet connection to our mortality.''' ,'''I certainly think, obviously, rhythm is a huge part of being an actor. It just is unconscious, to a degree, but particularly in comedy, rhythm is pretty essential, and there's probably something more physiological going on.''' ,'''I'm deeply insecure. I ask my wife all the time, 'Was that OK? Are people lying?' I'm not as happily oblivious as I'd like.''' ,'''I walked into the wrong examination room. I'm bad enough at facial recognition... I saw more that day than I cared to. Fortunately, I didn't recognize her from that angle, whoever it was, and I didn't ask. I'm off to a rocky start on the road to fatherhood, but I got a free view.''' ,'''Working with the Coens was a dream come true.''' ,'''I own a fart CD. It has, I believe, over 100 fart sounds. A lovely variety, from the up-close and personal to the more experimental and dissonant. Some people prefer to listen to Bach when they go to sleep... not me.''' ,'''I thought it was going to be a hut in Topanga and Janis Joplin was going to come out, but it's a real doctor... I went to Beverly Hills to meet this midwife; you'd think they'd be in nature.''' ,'''It's not the coolest thing in the world to be walking around humming the Taylor Swift song. It's not as cool to be singing along with the number one song in the country as it is to be the jaded, indifferent hipster who wants to turn you on to something that nobody else is talking about.''' ,'''I might love dancing more than I should admit. But not in public.''' ,'''I am fairly physically aware and agile, and I imbue that into the characters I play.''' ,'''I really like 'Project Runway.' I know it's reality, so that might be kind of faux pas for me to say.''' ,'''Personally, I'm not into 'Star Trek' or physics or comic books, but I know I might be in the minority.''' ,'''I think there's a freedom in freeing yourself of the baggage of ability.''' ,'''I actually struggled through teaching myself to cook because I'm completely ignorant in the kitchen. So I did really macho things like trying to make my own curry. Really hardcore stuff.''' ,'''I've learned over time that human beings tend to want to do more than they have the courage to do or that the social contract will allow them to do.''' ,'''I watched a lot of 'I Love Lucy.' Then I went to college, and I didn't watch TV, really. I don't know: something happened after 'Friends' went off the air. I think something dipped in the whole sitcom world.''' ,'''Actually, when I was young, I believe I met Nicolas Cage. I think I was probably eight, and I remember seeing him at somebody's house - it was an event and he happened to be there. People would ask me if I was his son, because I looked like him at that point, so I do remember feeling some connection and just wanting to say, like, 'Papa!'''' ,'''As a piano player, if 10 is concert level, I'd put myself at a 5 or a 6, but in a completely different genre than classical or opera. In terms of classical and opera, playing accompaniment, I'd say I was a 3.''' ,'''I think in terms of a career trajectory, it's good for people to be reminded that, in spite of seeing me a million times a day on a show for ten years playing the same character, I'm an actor, and actors like to play different people.''' ,'''There's a lot of closeted nerds out there.''' ,'''We all have those dreams of going back in time and seeing what it was like when our parents were younger.''' ,'''Well, I think that everybody is kind of a nerd at heart.''' ,'''Failing passionately is a success in its own right.''' ,'''I enjoy spending my spare time with my wife, our cat, and our bird.''' ,'''I actually didn't finish NYU. I would have, but I was lucky enough to get my foot in the door before I graduated.''' ,'''I generally don't feel the need to do more research than is necessary to play the part for me, to inform me.''' ,'''Everyone feels at times like they're missing a page or two out of the handbook that tells you how to live your life.''' ,'''It's hard to convince your agents and managers to do theater, because it's not as financially rewarding and it takes up a lot of time.''' ,'''I'm married, so I tend not to hit on every girl.''' ,'''My whole life revolved around TV as a kid. I would come home and make sure I finished my homework every night by 8 o'clock, generally so that I could sit down and watch TV from 8 to 10. As a kid, it was 'Family Ties' and 'Roseanne' and 'Growing Pains' and 'Perfect Strangers' and 'Golden Girls.' I mean, I watched everything.''' ,'''Working is a bonus; working on something you love is a bonus, and getting to do it for a long time is the ultimate.''' ,'''Until I was about 16 years old, my dream was to be a musician. I played in rock bands and jazz bands. Then I decided to be an actor and kept the stable career of 'jazz pianist' as my safety net.''' ,'''My parents tried to convince me that school won't always be there, but auditions will. I said, 'Really? Are they tearing down NYU?'''' ,'''As actors, we tend to usually have some issues with self-esteem and some need for validation, and it takes awhile for that fear of not having a job to go away.''' ,'''Getting to know where we come from is a really profound way of getting to look at who we are.''' ,'''There are those moments where you realize that your parents or your heroes are human and are fallible.''' ,'''Surprise is a huge element in acting.''' ,'''I think working for the audience, for me, is the most fun. It's really a chance for something to work towards. It's where everything kind of comes together, and you have to make it work. You have all these people who are sitting there, wanting to have a good time and wanting to laugh. You really have no choice but to pull it out.''' ,'''When I decided I wanted to be an actor in high school, I really went into improv. I took classes at The Groundlings. I studied acting. Did sketch comedy in L.A.''' ,'''As an actor, you always want to root for your characters.''' ,'''I have great instincts, like the instincts of a squirrel. You know, like when you're driving and a squirrel stops in the middle of the road.''' ,'''Things are loud in a Jewish household. Conversations are up here; they're pitched pretty high. That's just the way we talk.''' ,'''There's something very funny about giving a menial task to a genius and watching him find so much complexity and overanalyse it to such a degree that the waitress from Nebraska working at the Cheesecake Factory has passed them all by.''' ,'''My dad was one of the original members of the Groundlings, and I watched him as an actor have ups and downs, and I watched my mom as a casting director have ups and downs.''' ,'''I don't believe I'll be in the new 'Arrested Development' unless they ask me, in which case, okay! That's how easy I am to get.''' ,'''Every time we do anything artistic, the way it's perceived is always going to be different from the way that we had intended it to be because it's subjective.''' ,'''When I was young, I believe I met Nicolas Cage. I think I was probably eight, and I remember seeing him at somebody's house - it was an event, and he happened to be there.''' ,'''I'm happy to try on as many characters as I can.''' ,'''Being an accompanist is very selfless in many ways because you're really just trying to elevate the singer and help them shine, ultimately.''' ,'''I'm interested in character and people and motivations and things like that.''' ,'''I don't think Hollywood respects multi-camera television. Well, I don't think they disrespect it, but I don't think it gets respect for its artistry.''' ,'''I love Jerry Lewis. I loved Jim Carrey when I was younger, and Mike Myers and Phil Hartman, all the 'Saturday Night Live' people in the late '80s.''' ,'''I try to act with my whole body and, for better or worse, this is the face that's attached to it.''' ,'''Karate probably gave me an incredibly deep awareness of all the parts of me, my flexibility, and the nimble qualities I'm doing, even if they're unconscious.''' ,'''My mom is a casting director, which is pretty awesome.''' ,]
+++