+++
author = "Trish Regan"
title = "Trish Regan Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Trish Regan Quotes"
keywords = "trish regan,trish regan quotes,trish regan quote,trish regan sayings,trish regan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Our government is for the people, by the people - and no one can orchestrate a hostile takeover. We, the people, control our destiny.''' ,'''Coming together is something to be proud of.''' ,'''To me, economics doesn't need to be political.''' ,'''I want a for-profit company counting my vote because they know if they get it wrong, or if they get hacked, their value will plummet.''' ,'''Money, ego, revenge and the seduction of being a media darling is pretty powerful stuff, and, John Bolton is proving he's not immune.''' ,'''Thanksgiving, for me, is a time for reflection.''' ,'''I mean, how would you like to be fighting coronavirus in a socialist health care environment? A socialist system in which the manufacturers and creators of a vaccine would not be rewarded for their efforts? You think there'd be the same race to find a vaccine? No.''' ,'''One thing that is clear to me: as a society, we put way too much emphasis on a slip of paper - that college diploma.''' ,'''Americans want to work. We want to take care of our families. It's in our DNA, the American work ethic.''' ,'''Leaders cling to power in a socialist state like Venezuela by buying votes and manipulating elections.''' ,'''I've explained before the power psychology has on the markets.''' ,'''China is a travesty of a place, and you should thank God every day that you weren't born there.''' ,'''All the U.S. is asking for is free, fair trade.''' ,'''In socialism, everything is supposed to be equal. And yet, it's always fascinating how the elite government bureaucrats (in socialist places like Venezuela, Cuba and Argentina) are the ones that wind up with all the money.''' ,'''We are united in that we want what's best for our country and our children.''' ,'''The diploma has become a brand and learning should never be about a brand. Learning, the real kind, actually never ends.''' ,'''Every minute of every day, we should be challenging ourselves to grow intellectually and to stay curious about the world.''' ,'''I believe a journalist needs to be free to ask the questions he or she deems relevant, without constraints from others.''' ,'''When I go to Colombia or Mexico, I speak Spanish. When I go to Italy, I speak Italian. When I'm in Germany, I speak German. Would I expect them to speak English in these countries? No. I mean, great if they do, but no. Would I be offended if in Spain they say we speak Spanish? No. If I was an immigrant there, no.''' ,'''There is no place for any kind of extremism in society.''' ,'''For the record, my research team is the best in the business.''' ,'''President Trump is growing the economy, growing our jobs market, creating new value in the stock market.''' ,'''Capitalism - for the record - has lifted more people out of poverty than any other economic system in the world.''' ,'''Democrats are so enraged by President Trump that they have shown their willingness to undo the votes of 63 million Americans.''' ,'''Transparency matters.''' ,'''Socialism most always leads to a failure of democracy because the economic system ultimately cannot provide for its people.''' ,'''Thanksgiving is really a holiday that allows us all, if only for a day, to stop what we're doing and consider the wonderful people in our lives and the opportunities we have, and have had.''' ,'''Iran has attacked oil fields and shot down a U.S. drone - all while we stood by.''' ,'''Donald Trump is President of the United States and his National Security Council works for him. If he wants to fire someone, so be it.''' ,'''I'm setting the record straight - Chuck Schumer is nothing but a political animal who symbolizes all that's wrong with American politics.''' ,'''The elite cannot understand why President Trump is liked by so many Americans, nor why people flock to his rallies. Yet, it's in part because they believe he 'gets' them. They believe he understands and, most importantly, respects their economic values and their dreams.''' ,'''Government screws up.''' ,'''Think about it: Venezuela, Cuba, Nicaragua, Vietnam, North Korea, the former Soviet Union - they all start with the intention of leveling the playing field - or making things better for the little guy - and instead, they created misery, poverty, destruction and a permanent ruling class of bureaucrats.''' ,'''Our economy, our safety, our jobs all take a back seat to the left's political desire to hurt Trump.''' ,'''The Obama administration's FBI and Justice Department used unverified opposition research obtained outside of our country as ammunition to get a FISA warrant to spy on Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to President Trump during the 2016 election. That is a fact.''' ,'''I speak fluent Spanish. I also speak Italian and I was once pretty decent at German.''' ,'''If Comrade Bernie Sanders were to ever win the presidency, it's game over for our country, for our economy, for our future and for our children's future.''' ,'''As an American, I would really like it if, just for once, Pelosi, Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and 'The Squad' would focus on proposing and shepherding meaningful policy reforms for the country, wouldn't you?''' ,'''The only people that actually like Schiff are media hacks.''' ,'''Bottom line: this is the United States. And we speak English here.''' ,'''Who needs checks and balances when the left, seemingly, knows and can decide right from wrong? When the left can decide what can be said and what cannot be said? When the left can decide how much money you're allowed to make or whether or not you deserve health care? It is a quest for power. And, it is dangerous.''' ,'''As an anchor, I want to make sure we're exploring all angles on a story. The viewer can make up their own mind.''' ,'''The Chinese want to have their cake and eat it too. They want to have 'developing nation' status and are out there as one of the biggest borrowers on the planet from the World Bank while simultaneously trying to play the part of a grown up on the world stage.''' ,'''Capitalism is the engine that has grown economies.''' ,'''China wants to take our economic place in the world and, in doing so, will devastate our economy at the expense of our future and our families' futures.''' ,'''The left has promoted some wild conspiracy theories - namely that Trump had been groomed for decades by the Russians, and then, even spent two-and-a-half years and $32 million of taxpayer dollars investigating it.''' ,'''If someone is trying to frame you, don't you want to know who, what, when, where and why?''' ,'''From logos to software - you name it, the Chinese have stolen it - and they'll keep stealing it, if left unchecked.''' ,'''Donald Trump is living proof of the American Dream. A kid from Queens, New York, who made it big. And, yeah - he'll be the first to tell you he isn't perfect. But who is?''' ,'''Hey, China - a little insight into how we American women think: We're damn smart and we will willingly respond with emotion when presented with a set of facts.''' ,'''We should all be on the same team when it comes to truth and justice.''' ,'''You see, what makes us different than the rest of the world fundamentally is our American respect and legal appreciation of individual rights and individual property. And, I emphasize - individual.''' ,'''We capitalists? We want transparency.''' ,'''You think Bill Gates would have dropped out of Harvard and toiled away creating Microsoft if he thought the government was going to take most of the company? Or Steve Jobs - drop out of Stanford to create Apple?''' ,'''In politics, you need to be able to live up to the hype.''' ,'''President Obama was well known for his interfering in Justice Department matters.''' ,'''Moderators may take flak - but, hey, that's part of what we sign up for.''' ,'''When the government controls a limited supply, the government gets to decide who gets the vaccines and who doesn't. In some cases, who lives and who doesn't.''' ,'''During the Mueller investigation, Roger Stone lied to federal investigators and allegedly pressured one potential witness. Not good. Never good.''' ,'''Human suffering is not, nor should it ever be, a political issue.''' ,'''Power, greed, and perhaps more than anything, ego, are powerful emotions and motivators.''' ,'''A banana republic we are not.''' ,'''The Democrats have morphed themselves into the anti-worker, anti-American (as it relates to Iranian terrorists and China), and anti-family political party. They have strayed too far from the values - economic and personal - that have made America the powerhouse we are.''' ,'''This is the extreme left's problem in both television and in politics. Whether it be lousy ratings on TV or getting votes, if you don't listen to and understand Americans, you'll pay the price at the ballot box.''' ,'''Using flimsy evidence to spy on innocent citizens could very well be a crime.''' ,'''What happens to our economy and all our wonderful innovation if people are not properly incentivized and rewarded?''' ,'''President Trump has done an extraordinary amount to promote our capitalist origins here at home while simultaneously, and this is how the government should work, protecting American workers from unbridled capitalism by redoing our trade agreements.''' ,'''John Bolton doesn't get to decide policy. The president does.''' ,'''What incentive does a university have to control costs when it has a steady supply of students being lent federal funds?''' ,'''I have said this before: I'm an Independent, I have voted for both parties.''' ,'''I'm not political, but I am policy-oriented and I am interested in the right moves for our economy, for our nation; but I'm also always willing to listen.''' ,'''Incentives matter. Dreams matter. We cannot strip incentives away. Dreams are the foundation of the American dream, which is so intrinsic to who we are.''' ,'''The facts are, China's aspirations are not good for us, nor our families.''' ,'''Private markets, where everyone has an equal opportunity is the only system that works.''' ,'''I think that reality is divorced from former vice president Joe Biden who hob knobs with these Hollywood dictators.''' ,'''Our privacy, our rights as citizens - these are ideals that we Americans hold very dear.''' ,'''Anytime there's a disruption in the supply chain, any time people cut back on spending, there will be a recession.''' ,'''Authenticity matters; and, most importantly, the truth matters.''' ,'''In the end, a commitment to the economic health of the country will go a long way in showing voters who is focused on the real stuff.''' ,'''We live in the United States. British settlers founded the first colony in North America. And English is our language.''' ,'''We believe in the individual. Government protects our rights as individuals and our rights as property owners. We come together as a community to ensure our protections and to ensure our individuals' security. That's where government comes in and why we pay taxes.''' ,'''You need to know your values.''' ,'''We make choices every single day of our lives and those choices mean we must give up something in exchange for another. In economics it's called an 'opportunity cost.'''' ,'''You know, I sure hope this alt-left movement doesn't succeed because, I sure don't want to live in a world where success is punished - and ambitions are thwarted by big government. That is not the American way - and, it's certainly not a path for success.''' ,'''I was lucky enough to meet my husband very young - so, in some ways, we've grown up together.''' ,'''In life, you need some backbone. You need to stand for something.''' ,'''The Founding Fathers were truly some of the most gifted thinkers in history. They understood that power could be used to corrupt.''' ,'''We need policies that will benefit the middle class because you will not have a strong society without a strong middle class, fundamentally.''' ,'''Ultimately, and I believe this is one of the fundamental problems with socialism, it's that human beings do have self-interest. It's very hard to ignore that self-interest when you're creating a government structure.''' ,'''You think you can govern separate from our Constitution? That's the foundation of progressivism right there, folks.''' ,'''Capitalism is the system that has enabled greatness and made America the envy of the world.''' ,'''People care about their financial futures, and politics is very much a part of that.''' ,'''Let's remember what truly unites us. It's a common belief in a better economic future. A belief in a meritocracy.''' ,'''For me, family is everything.''' ,'''For many Americans, Trump is the antithesis of the leftist elite.''' ,'''You've heard me question whether the partisanship in Washington has made us, as a nation, ungovernable - and, indeed, Democrats are doing their very best to make sure of it.''' ,'''No, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Bernie Sanders, people don't want handouts. They want purpose.''' ,'''It's our instinct to want to acquire a better lifestyle for ourselves and our families.''' ,'''Fairness matters.''' ,'''Leftists are fighting back against Trump not with policy differentials, but rather with insane rhetoric and temper tantrums.''' ,]
+++