+++
author = "John Hunter"
title = "John Hunter Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 John Hunter Quotes"
keywords = "john hunter,john hunter quotes,john hunter quote,john hunter sayings,john hunter saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Well, I don't know how they define that. But they have this Texas blues thing blown kinda out of proportion. I am a Long John Hunter blues, before and after, that's what I am.''' ,'''If they didn't have ten fights a night, it was a bad night.''' ,'''It's absolutely absurd to even consider voting on Sunday alcohol sales. I am opposed to alcohol period. It doesn't do anybody any good in the long run. It's a dangerous drug.''' ,'''I just play to good people; they seem to like what I do, and the more they like it, the more I play.''' ,'''I came from the country, and when I came to the city, I was ridin' high, you know. I was seeing more lights than I ever dreamed to shine in the world. 'Cos where I came from, there wasn't too many lights. Bugs made a lot of light, but after that there wasn't no lights.''' ,'''Most animals are built to withstand one bad year.''' ,'''Yeah, I was a local hero. It was great for me, 'cos I had a full house every night all night seven nights a week for five years that I played. The next five years I just played five days a week, but I still had a full house every night.''' ,'''We had every kind of audience you could name. Young, old, not-so-old, some older than old, some younger than young: they were there, they were there! There was everything.''' ,'''I developed my style by pickin' a lot of cotton, plowin' that ole mule every day. I just got the rhythm, and any rhythm I need I know where it is; I know where to find it.''' ,]
+++