+++
author = "Louis Garrel"
title = "Louis Garrel Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Louis Garrel Quotes"
keywords = "louis garrel,louis garrel quotes,louis garrel quote,louis garrel sayings,louis garrel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm interested in existential films: I love movies that console you in the same way that a person consoles a weeping child.''' ,'''Every actor has an obsession with their hair. You can see it on set, and you start to realize it's completely silly. I can be very obsessed by my hair, but all these hours spent trying to style it are useless, because ultimately, you can't change your haircut. It's all the same.''' ,'''I like to be able to understand the feeling of the director, that a film corresponds to something in his life. Otherwise, it doesn't interest me much.''' ,'''I'm not usually comfortable to talk about things I haven't done yet.''' ,'''In France, I would like to worth with Patrice Chereau, who made 'Queen Margot.'''' ,'''When I was 13 years old, I was dressing in a rap style. And then I changed schools, and the rap style became old-fashioned, so I changed it completely.''' ,'''Some people choose their style at the age of 14, but I changed mine all the time.''' ,'''My grandfather criticized me thousands of times, and he gave me a compliment once.''' ,'''I like being surrounded by students and intellectuals.''' ,'''I think the moment I discovered I definitely wanted to act was when I saw a play alone by myself when I was fourteen. Maybe it was a Moliere play? I discovered the atmosphere of the theater, and I knew I wanted to be an actor.''' ,'''I hope each day to have done 10 seconds of good work that they can use in the film. And I'm always afraid I didn't get those 10 seconds.''' ,'''I wanted to be a lawyer. I love that job; I don't know why.''' ,'''It's true I have a hard time with the notion of creating a character. And I feel it's a limit. I'm always really impressed by actors who are able to construct a character, like Johnny Depp.''' ,'''I'm not a singer, so I reproduce a little bit what I see on television and what I listen to on the radio. I don't have self-control, really, so I didn't want to sing like Mariah Carey.''' ,'''To make a movie is very stressful, especially when you work with your father. You want to think the movie is good. Even when I don't work with my father, I want it to be good.''' ,'''The separation of a childless couple is dramatic, but the separation of a couple with children is always tragic.''' ,]
+++