+++
author = "Yogi Berra"
title = "Yogi Berra Quotes"
quotes_len = "73"
description = "the best 73 Yogi Berra Quotes"
keywords = "yogi berra,yogi berra quotes,yogi berra quote,yogi berra sayings,yogi berra saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If the people don't want to come out to the ballpark, nobody's going to stop them.''' ,'''It was impossible to get a conversation going, everybody was talking too much.''' ,'''Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours.''' ,'''I'm glad I was in the Navy.''' ,'''If people don't want to come to the ballpark, how are you going to stop them?''' ,'''I didn't know much about golf growing up.''' ,'''The other teams could make trouble for us if they win.''' ,'''Mickey Mantle was a very good golfer, but we weren't allowed to play golf during the season; only at spring training.''' ,'''It ain't over till it's over.''' ,'''Congratulations. I knew the record would stand until it was broken.''' ,'''I never figured I'd go into the Hall of Fame. A kid from the Hill.''' ,'''Even Napoleon had his Watergate.''' ,'''I'm not going to buy my kids an encyclopedia. Let them walk to school like I did.''' ,'''We made too many wrong mistakes.''' ,'''Baseball is ninety percent mental. The other half is physical.''' ,'''If you ask me anything I don't know, I'm not going to answer.''' ,'''I don't like seeing myself on television. I don't like it.''' ,'''I don't mean to be funny.''' ,'''Pair up in threes.''' ,'''Slump? I ain't in no slump... I just ain't hitting.''' ,'''If the world were perfect, it wouldn't be.''' ,'''If you get a guy that can play a couple positions, it helps you out a real lot.''' ,'''I liked St. Louis, when they were in the American League, because that was going home. I had all my family and friends there.''' ,'''A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.''' ,'''I think Little League is wonderful. It keeps the kids out of the house.''' ,'''When you come to a fork in the road, take it.''' ,'''He hits from both sides of the plate. He's amphibious.''' ,'''The future ain't what it used to be.''' ,'''You don't have to swing hard to hit a home run. If you got the timing, it'll go.''' ,'''If people don't want to come out to the ball park, nobody's gonna stop 'em.''' ,'''How can you think and hit at the same time?''' ,'''A lot of guys go, 'Hey, Yog, say a Yogi-ism.' I tell 'em, 'I don't know any.' They want me to make one up. I don't make 'em up. I don't even know when I say it. They're the truth. And it is the truth. I don't know.''' ,'''It's pretty far, but it doesn't seem like it.''' ,'''You've got to be very careful if you don't know where you are going, because you might not get there.''' ,'''I never said most of the things I said.''' ,'''I guess I've got a smart wife.''' ,'''It's like deja-vu, all over again.''' ,'''You wouldn't have won if we'd beaten you.''' ,'''I just want to thank everyone who made this day necessary.''' ,'''The towels were so thick there I could hardly close my suitcase.''' ,'''You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six.''' ,'''We have deep depth.''' ,'''I always got nervous the nights we played in the World Series. First pitch, I was nervous. Then after that, forget it; I'd start playing.''' ,'''I wish I had an answer to that because I'm tired of answering that question.''' ,'''In theory there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice there is.''' ,'''It ain't the heat, it's the humility.''' ,'''Half the lies they tell about me aren't true.''' ,'''I'm a lucky guy and I'm happy to be with the Yankees. And I want to thank everyone for making this night necessary.''' ,'''Love is the most important thing in the world, but baseball is pretty good, too.''' ,'''If you don't know where you are going, you might wind up someplace else.''' ,'''In baseball, you don't know nothing.''' ,'''Little League baseball is a very good thing because it keeps the parents off the streets.''' ,'''You should always go to other people's funerals; otherwise, they won't come to yours.''' ,'''I usually take a two-hour nap from one to four.''' ,'''I never blame myself when I'm not hitting. I just blame the bat and if it keeps up, I change bats. After all, if I know it isn't my fault that I'm not hitting, how can I get mad at myself?''' ,'''There are some people who, if they don't already know, you can't tell 'em.''' ,'''It gets late early out there.''' ,'''I never said half the things I said.''' ,'''Almost every Monday I have a charity thing. I like that. I do.''' ,'''I liked George Weiss when he was with the Yankees. He loved the Old Timers' Day. He loved it. And he invited all these people to come, all these players to come.''' ,'''You can observe a lot by watching.''' ,'''I don't blame the players today for the money. I blame the owners. They started it. They wanna give it to 'em? More power to 'em.''' ,'''All pitchers are liars or crybabies.''' ,'''I always thought that record would stand until it was broken.''' ,'''So I'm ugly. So what? I never saw anyone hit with his face.''' ,'''If I didn't make it in baseball, I won't have made it workin'. I didn't like to work.''' ,'''It's fun; baseball's fun.''' ,'''I was in the invasion of Normandy in southern France.''' ,'''You can observe a lot by just watching.''' ,'''I tell the kids, somebody's gotta win, somebody's gotta lose. Just don't fight about it. Just try to get better.''' ,'''I'm lucky. Usually you're dead to get your own museum, but I'm still alive to see mine.''' ,'''Nobody goes there anymore. It's too crowded.''' ,'''I enjoy now doing what I do... playing golf, relaxing a little, enjoying life.''' ,]
+++