+++
author = "Big E"
title = "Big E Quotes"
quotes_len = "57"
description = "the best 57 Big E Quotes"
keywords = "big e,big e quotes,big e quote,big e sayings,big e saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had no business even getting to WWE, but I've been blessed along the way to get to this point, and I'm so thankful.''' ,'''This is something that's been on my radar for quite some time actually, voice acting.''' ,'''I played youth football through the fifth grade and really enjoyed it, but Tampa Prep doesn't have a football program. Wrestling was the only hard physical contact sport there, so I tried it.''' ,'''When education feels arduous or like a task, a lot of times you don't get people to open the door to interact with it.''' ,'''That's the essence of pro wrestling to me, is the traveling, the road, going from Kalamazoo to the next random town.''' ,'''I will say - and not to sound arrogant - people would have been upset if I failed my cash-in. Yeah, it would not have been a good move. I didn't really think that was going to happen, but you never know. It's always a possibility.''' ,'''I think there will be times where I need to be more serious, and I'll show that. I'll show an intensity that I think a lot of people can't really show or portray.''' ,'''I will say as much as we butted heads, Apollo Crews, I think, is an incredible talent.''' ,'''Obviously, you want to get adoration from fans and people who consume what you do, but also getting that from your peers goes a long way. That's how I keep my perspective. I feel really fortunate.''' ,'''My whole time on the main roster was me being a stoic bodyguard, and I was still pretty stoic during the Intercontinental Title run. A lot of the promos didn't feel like me, and I didn't feel like I was captivating any attention.''' ,'''I didn't want my career to dissolve based on me passively accepting anything I was given if it didn't feel right.''' ,'''There's no replacement for a live crowd. The fans are our barometer - whether they love something or hate it, they will let you know.''' ,'''I'm so grateful for everything I have done in WWE, because I had the time to grow.''' ,'''Even if you have a problem with me log-rolling down to the ring, I'm going to stay true to myself. I'd rather do it my way than follow someone else's blueprint.''' ,'''Yeah, actually, I don't want to admit that I like 'Girls', but a girl I was dating a while ago got me to start watching 'Girls.' It's really well-written and I enjoy that.''' ,'''I'm not the most naturally confident person you'll ever meet. It took me a while to find my love for self.''' ,'''It was my time with The New Day that allowed me to be free and to be uninhibited. I just learned to trust myself, trust my instincts, and be unafraid.''' ,'''The guys that I'm on the house shows with four-to-five days a week, every single week that we drive from town-to-town, that's where we came up with so many of our ideas. Where we really got to bond.''' ,'''I was so focused on being serious. All the guys I enjoyed watching as a kid were in that vein - Ron Simmons, Scott Steiner, Vader.''' ,'''I've taken a lot of pride in that, and not feeling any pressure to yield or to bend to what someone else's imagination of who I should be is. I'm grateful for that, and I still want to continue to do that. It can sound cliche, 'be true to yourself,' but that does mean something.''' ,'''I always wanted to go to Tokyo. Even when I was a kid, it was one destination I always wanted to go to.''' ,'''I don't think you can find someone who has my combination of look, talking ability, presence. I don't think you can find an exact copy to fill my shoes.''' ,'''I had my both my ACLs repaired in college and I broke my patella, so those were all nine-month ordeals, if not longer.''' ,'''It used to be, when somebody asked me to go for a walk, I bristled. Now I can't tell you how much I love to go on a stroll up the street.''' ,'''I'm glad we're getting to this point where representation in WWE is becoming - especially among Black wrestlers, male or female - is becoming more common. And I hope that other Black men and women, boys and girls are inspired by them.''' ,'''Titus O'Neil can mess you up! You gotta protect yourself with Titus!''' ,'''One of the things that resonated with me is that 'Schoolhouse Rock' started in the 1970s, but there are so many people, regardless of age, who can still recite the jingles and know things about bills and laws because of that show.''' ,'''After George Floyd's murder, we had a conversation on our podcast where the underlying message was about being empathetic. We wanted people just to truly listen. We're not here to point fingers or label people as racists. I'm here to tell you our experiences and how we feel.''' ,'''You know you're the guy when you're working on top and closing the show. That's the spot, and you've got to put work in to get there. That's the spot I want.''' ,'''I've been inspired by some new people, I can say, from different companies and from just different walks of life, who've said so many beautiful and kind things to me. The very least I can do, is to do the same for others. Kindness begets more kindness. I want to see more of that.''' ,'''I try to get about 300 grams of protein a day, and I carry probably about a half-pound of whey protein on the road to supplement in-between meals. For the most part, I try to keep my carbs down and eat a decent amount of protein.''' ,'''I'll always geek for a Ric Flair text.''' ,'''I never want to be the most experienced or the smartest person in the room.''' ,'''I think back to Michael Tarver, who would sit down with me in FCW when I was super green and didn't know what I was doing. He helped me understand how to carry myself and connect with people in the ring.''' ,'''Curt Hawkins gave me the Big Ending. That's been my finish for 12 years because of him.''' ,'''I think when people see a genuine human, someone who is genuine in the way they try to come across - in a way they try to approach the world, I think it's allowed me to connect with fans.''' ,'''I really like blueberry pancakes. There are also these Kodiak Cakes that I've been meaning to try. They're like protein pancakes.''' ,'''The Hurt Business was one of my favorite factions. You know, there are a lot of opportunities for us to do some really cool things now that The New Day is back together.''' ,'''When I look around, I see so many incredible Black performers, inside and outside of our company. It feels like a really great time for Black wrestlers, and there are so many Black wrestling fans that I feel are starting to see themselves on screen.''' ,'''I think a lot of people clamored for me to be a world champion or to be in this position but that I needed to be more serious and fit a certain mold. One of my things as a performer is that what I learned in our journey was, honestly, it was so much more rewarding to do it our way.''' ,'''I have a bit of a platform, I have a modicum of celebrity or fame, whatever you want to call it. I'm on TV. One of the things that I have really enjoyed with the New Day and with WWE is the ability to express myself and our interests as a group through our wrestling gear.''' ,'''You see the guys in the Ribera jackets and it's really a rite of passage to be able to work in Japan, come over here and perform for the fans here, and then come over to Ribera Steakhouse and get that jacket.''' ,'''I tore both of my ACLs. I broke my right patella. I tore my left pec, all within about a 2 1/2-year span.''' ,'''I was able to accomplish a lot as a tag team wrestler in one of the greatest factions of all time - The New Day - but I also want to see how much I can do as a singles competitor.''' ,'''I know the first seven years of my career I thought I had to be this big tough guy. But in a world where you have guys taller and bigger, that role was already filled.''' ,'''My trainers, from Dr. Tom Prichard to Norman Smiley to Joey Mercury, these are people that helped me along the way, not just to become good enough to be on WWE TV, but they also gave me the tools to help differentiate myself.''' ,'''Typically, we're on the road from Friday or Saturday until Wednesday morning. Sometimes, the drives aren't too bad. Sometimes, they're around a hundred miles, and then sometimes, they're right at 300, so that can be exhausting.''' ,'''Anyone can look to someone like Ruby Bridges and be inspired. We wanted to emphasize that this really is all of our history and that Black history shouldn't just be segmented into one month and we just move on. This is a huge part of the fabric of our country.''' ,'''On screen and off screen in WWE, seeing people reflect what our world looks like, that's the goal, and I'm excited to be a part of that.''' ,'''I really do believe that representation matters in'media. When you see people that look like you, especially as a kid, you can think, 'Oh, that's something I can do because there are people that look like me that have done it in the past.'''' ,'''And as much as I do believe in paying homage to those who have gone, let's give people their love while they're still here and they can smell those flowers.''' ,'''There are parts of me where during my initial ascent to the main roster, I thought I was ready. Not that I wasn't ready for the main roster, but maybe at times I wasn't as ready as I thought.''' ,'''For me at least, there's a need for normalcy when I get home. I've always been a homebody. When I get home, it's just a matter of doing the chores that I need to do to get back on the road and then just plopping down in front of some Netflix or college football. I love college football.''' ,'''I preach the gospel of meditation now to anyone who'll listen. It has helped me appreciate the small things. It helps me be present and stay grounded every day.''' ,'''It's always hard for me to go to sleep after a show, just because you still have adrenaline going.''' ,'''There is nothing like that crowd reaction, and nothing like looking someone in the eyes, someone that paid for a ticket to come to the show. I had the chance to go out there and close the show, doing what I love.''' ,'''NXT was the first time I knew I could be a player.''' ,]
+++