+++
author = "Sher Valenzuela"
title = "Sher Valenzuela Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Sher Valenzuela Quotes"
keywords = "sher valenzuela,sher valenzuela quotes,sher valenzuela quote,sher valenzuela sayings,sher valenzuela saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I represent the small businesses, the women, and the families working so hard to rebuild our communities.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if you have a D, or an I or an R after your name if you have a job - a J-O-B. It really matters to people that they have an opportunity to contribute to their economy in a very meaningful way, and this is outside party lines. So we believe that these are the solutions that America is craving.''' ,'''The government does not and cannot create jobs. Only entrepreneurs do.''' ,'''We have enough to worry about with what's happening in our nation to worry about what's happening in California. Keep your feet grounded in your own backyard and together we're going to build communities that work.''' ,'''It's businesses versus big government. We don't need big government. We need a more efficient, lean government, and that's exactly the kind of government we intend to deliver.''' ,'''I relate to what Gov. Romney brings. I know what it means to balance a budget. I know what it means to write a paycheck and not only cash one. I know what it means to create a job, and I know what it means to struggle with my business every day in terms of keeping our doors open any day but definitely in a difficult economy.''' ,'''An unlimited future. Isn't that what America is all about?''' ,'''In order to secure our unlimited future, we need a leader who understands the moral case for free enterprise.''' ,'''Mitt Romney not only believes in the values of economic freedom. His entire life has been committed to advancing it.''' ,'''The Obama administration believes in experts and blue-ribbon panels. They believe in creating new agencies and boards. They believe in all that, but they just don't trust the entrepreneur's ability to grow her own business and to create jobs.''' ,'''I am not saying that government has nothing to offer. Government has an important role in fostering an environment conducive to business creation while also protecting its citizens. These are not mutually exclusive.''' ,'''The Obama administration is not helping small businesses create jobs. In fact, it is responsible for the regulatory uncertainty nearly 50 percent of small-business owners cite as responsible for their lack of hiring.''' ,]
+++