+++
author = "Shankar Mahadevan"
title = "Shankar Mahadevan Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Shankar Mahadevan Quotes"
keywords = "shankar mahadevan,shankar mahadevan quotes,shankar mahadevan quote,shankar mahadevan sayings,shankar mahadevan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Music is the highest form of communication.''' ,'''Music festivals are coming up everywhere in India, and that is the only way to go ahead. People are exposed to a wide variety of music, and the experience of being at a music festival itself is unique. It is an experience unlike any other.''' ,'''With 'Mirzya,' we went deep into folk music. The film, unfortunately, did not do well because it was not marketed well. But we got freedom to do the music the way we want.''' ,'''Music is my friend, my constant companion.''' ,'''I always told my children that if they want to be pilot, go ahead and do it, or if they wanted to get into agriculture, I told them that I will support them. But when they chose music, you feel as if those birds have come back home to the nest.''' ,'''I have tried to show the influence of folk music in Bollywood, in Tamil movies, in Telugu cinema.''' ,'''Music in our schools is considered to be an extra-curricular activity in which you teach your students a few patriotic songs and bhajans that children are not interested in.''' ,'''We have harmonies, folk songs, and compositions attached to each occasion - ranging from birth, harvest, to our festivals. Our country thrives on culture, music, and arts. Musically, ours is a very rich country.''' ,'''I love Navi Mumbai, and I am proud to be a part of this city. The city has always inspired me to aim higher.''' ,'''I do watch singing reality shows.''' ,'''You can be successful without learning music, but success has nothing to do with quality.''' ,'''Folk music has been our popular music... There is a myth that youngsters only like heavy metal or rock music, but that's not true.''' ,'''There is so much talent in the country, and not all of that necessarily is confined to Bollywood. There are some great musicians from the independent music scenario in India making some great music.''' ,'''I believe that classical music comes through listening and practice, and it can be fun both for the singer or performer and the listener or audience, as long as the performer is taught to recognise the pulse of the audience.''' ,'''You will see nowadays TV's Top 20 and Radio's Top 20 tend to be the same. And then there are films that never reach to mass audience, and because of that, their soundtrack also dies a silent death.''' ,'''An artist must be open to both appreciation and criticism. It's a part of the learning process, or else there is no growth.''' ,'''Music heals. Music grows new relations.''' ,'''I don't mind travelling to and fro from Navi Mumbai for work because the calm and serene atmosphere I enjoy here is unparalleled.''' ,'''There can be inhibitions, but there are millions of people who like to sing.''' ,'''I share a lovely relationship with Javed Saab. I understand his method of working.''' ,'''I have completed 21 years of composing music in Indian films.''' ,'''While the concert is instant communication with the audience, composing is a creative process where a song comes up out of nowhere and then transmits happiness to many, translates into money, fame, or whatever.''' ,'''Learning music must be made easy and fun.''' ,'''Bollywood music is so international now, and our music has become global.''' ,'''Music connects all of us universally!''' ,'''You have to be, become, the musician who can't be replaced.''' ,'''Aartis and spiritual songs never get dated.''' ,'''I quit my software engineer job, decided that I would be a singer, and got married. Those days, there were no platforms like the 'Indian Idol.' It was like, you decide to become a singer, and then what do you do? It must have been tough for my wife getting married to a man without a job.''' ,'''I want to sing of humanity, friendship, what's happening to the Earth and the like.''' ,'''There have been many music reality shows on Indian television, but 'Om Shanti Om' is fresh and unique in all aspects. The show is going to bring the young generation closer to our heritage and culture.''' ,'''In any musician's career, a film like 'Manikarnika' becomes a landmark dream project, which is challenging and musically enriching at the same time.''' ,'''Besides training, you need to be focused and not shy away from hard work.''' ,'''Fatherhood changed me as a musician.''' ,'''I feel music-making is more like a psychological game; each film has its own colour that needs to be identified and addressed.''' ,'''Geography can be a major restriction for people to not be able to showcase their talent.''' ,'''It is when you adapt that you truly grow. When you grow, you don't let your art become the breeding ground for inadequacies.''' ,'''We cannot blame globalisation for diluting our cultural heritage and music, as our music is respected more outside India than here.''' ,'''When you do a pop album, the canvas is completely yours. There is no story situation forced on to your songs - you have the freedom to develop it right from the concept.''' ,'''My basic grammar is in Indian classical music, Carnatic music, and Hindustani music, but I don't believe that that is the only form of music I will learn. I don't believe in that, because I am a very open minded person.''' ,'''Why English music is being taught in some schools? The government should make arrangements to promote Indian classical music among students.''' ,'''I feel that one thing that a businessman can learn is do not follow a path that has already been successful. You will never be a path-breaker then.''' ,'''Musicians should understand that it is not just about creating one hit but to sustain it at the top.''' ,'''It's hectic at times, but this is what any artiste wants: a hectic life with lot of travelling, performances, lots of love from fans, the opportunity to compose songs back-to-back, and a chance to share the stage with maestros like Zakir Hussain.''' ,'''Who are critics? Do they know about music? Have they proved themselves in the field? I remember, when we came up with the music of 'Dil Chahta Hai,' some of the critics said that the songs sounded like jingles.''' ,'''I am proud of my kids.''' ,'''Lataji defines the sound of Indian music, and I always had a secret desire of recording with her at least once.''' ,'''The feeling of being able to do something for your own country is unmatchable.''' ,'''I feel there is a song for every occasion, and India is a land full of music.''' ,''''Breathless' was an important milestone in my life.''' ,'''To sustain and become a musician of a certain calibre, you need to know and understand music completely. You need to have a good taste in music and should know your good music from mediocre ones.''' ,'''Economic background should not be a reason for not learning music!''' ,'''I always believe in using technology for a positive result.''' ,'''Before the heart attack, I used to do a lot of work - what's needed and what's not needed. I used to sing songs that leave an impact and those that didn't. I could never say 'No.' Now, I have learnt to say it, though, and believe me, it has not been easy to do so.''' ,'''When you have music in your life, you can never be lonely.''' ,'''I am associated with Namami Goda Foundation, and I believe rivers are the pulse of our country.''' ,'''If some independent artists are using film as a medium to reach out to an audience, it should be promoted. Cinema is a popular medium and has a broad reach. There have been films with ghazals, classical and folk songs sung by local artists, which gave them popularity.''' ,'''Work on not becoming good but excellent.''' ,'''When you are busy with all the live shows and bands, world music and jazz music, it takes time to come back and do a pop album. It needs its own length of time.''' ,'''There is always a musical exchange happening between me and my sons.''' ,'''In movies, the composers and decision makers are different, so we don't come across classical songs often in films due to lack of interest. The decision makers are non-musical people, so one doesn't get to hear more classical songs in films.''' ,'''As responsible artists, it's our duty to let the youth know the importance of devotional music.''' ,'''Fundamentally, if there is any secret, it is about the need to find that peace and calm in our personal space with music, as most of 'learning music' is about listening to music and practicing over and over again.''' ,'''Music industry is like fashion. Things keep coming, things keep going, trends keep changing.''' ,'''Chinmaya Mission has been a very strong part of my life since childhood. I have been associated with Chinmaya Mission since primary school days, where I was part of group singing and bhajans in the Bal Vihar classes.''' ,'''Music is all about creativity.''' ,'''Being from a middle-class Indian family, I learned Carnatic music.''' ,'''Our sons are the next generation who are more clued into the new trends of music. So if I want to understand the vibe of the new generation, and if I want to stay relevant with time, they are my source of learning.''' ,'''I don't think you can have a calculated approach towards learning music.''' ,'''If you are teaching a kid about seasons, you can put it in a song. He will definitely take interest. I wish to put every physics formula into a song, and it will become very easy for the student to learn.''' ,'''Heartbreak is something which is part of every person.''' ,'''Ganesh Chaturthi is very close to my heart. The festival brings with it joy, love, and happiness for everyone.''' ,'''There is nothing else is India which is as popular as Bollywood. Look at Indian classical music, how big and how respected it is in the West, but here in India, no one is interested.''' ,'''There are so many factors that one needs to keep in mind while composing for a film. Every movie is different and demands a separate approach. Originality also plays an important role.''' ,'''Playing with words is like combining different notes in music.''' ,'''I will be singing till my last breath.''' ,'''Music is so abstract; it is a combination of words and melody.''' ,'''Despite being a classical musician, I keep poking my nose in other genres of music.''' ,'''Travel is always connected to music, as with travel, we explore the world, and by listening music, we explore ourselves.''' ,'''My sons are my friends, too, and they have introduced me to new technology and new sounds from around the world. I have learnt a lot from them.''' ,'''Don't run after shows and money.''' ,''''My Country, My Music' is about bringing music in languages like Tamil, Telegu, Kannada, Malyalam, and Marathi together. It's about bringing musical genres together, different scenarios in which music is displayed in our country in one show.''' ,'''There are two kinds of music: good music and bad music. Both are and will continue to co-exist.''' ,'''Over time, people will notice what you are doing. Then you'll be in demand, and when you are in demand, you'll make money.''' ,'''Lots of musicians from non-filmi backgrounds and from independent bands are making it to mainstream cinema. Even the music directors are experimenting with different genres.''' ,'''I think times have changed, and there's no dearth of talent in the music industry.''' ,'''Ideas are what we make a living out of. Whether it's a song or a talent search, we are in the business of thinking.''' ,'''Bollywood takes up a lot of time.''' ,'''I'm a proud mainstream musician, but having said that, I do firmly believe there's more to musical talent in India than just Bollywood.''' ,'''I can't escape crooning the 'Mitwa... Kahe Dhadkan Tujhse Kya' number wherever I perform. Basically, I am a classically rooted musician.''' ,'''I always believe that you have to give back what you have learnt.''' ,'''People like me in the entertainment industry can contribute to social change through our work.''' ,'''There is nothing wrong in electronic music or synthesised music.''' ,'''You can't put a show in a boring format to young kids. They need to relate to it.''' ,'''It is so important to have the cushioning of humour in one's life for a smooth run.''' ,'''I have always been fascinated by Krishna, the Indian deity.''' ,'''People should feel proud about the music that we have in our country, and that's my objective.''' ,'''I would like to do some non-film stuff.''' ,'''The song 'Bolo Naa' from the film 'Chittagong,' which got me the National Award, wasn't even promoted in India, whereas the film won laurels all over the world.''' ,'''You can't run away from the fact that you cannot ignore hard work.''' ,'''It is the responsibility of music composers to add some classical music elements into their songs to make the music genre popular.''' ,]
+++