+++
author = "Saara Aalto"
title = "Saara Aalto Quotes"
quotes_len = "77"
description = "the best 77 Saara Aalto Quotes"
keywords = "saara aalto,saara aalto quotes,saara aalto quote,saara aalto sayings,saara aalto saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I came here, I was a little bit different and in Finland people didn't really accept me, and then I came here and I saw Honey G doing so well and I thought 'British people are so great, they accept Honey G as she is, so maybe they'll accept me as well.'''' ,'''I think Sia is a pretty good reference for me because her way of 'singing and the way she composes the melodies and writes the lyrics is very similar to what I've always done.''' ,'''There should be more LGBT people on TV.''' ,'''I have my values and I always stick with them.''' ,'''I was on 'X Factor' the day after the Brexit vote. People voted for Brexit. But the public also voted for me, they wanted me to be there and part of the music industry. I haven't felt any bad effects.''' ,'''It took a while to get the support of British people as they wouldn't naturally want to support someone from another country.''' ,'''Posh was my favorite Spice Girl but she didn't have that many lines to sing.''' ,''''The X Factor' has brought so much joy to so many people.''' ,'''When you train every day your body starts to change. The biggest thing I have noticed is my bum.''' ,'''The world is full of negativity and scary news, terrible things happening. And then we have Eurovision, which is like the whole of Europe and the whole world just comes together, and celebrates love and everybody supports everybody.''' ,'''I can be very competitive, but I mainly want to challenge myself.''' ,'''When I met the people at Warner, they were very excited about my style and making me into this big theatrical artist.''' ,'''In Finland and the U.K. you can't predict the weather.''' ,'''When I release my music I will text Sharon Osborne and ask her about my songs.''' ,'''I want to have a go at presenting. As a child I was always filming my own TV shows with my sister, so it feels natural to me.''' ,'''In music, you can't really tell who's better.''' ,'''I'm of course jumping right in with the attitude that I can win the Eurovision Song Contest - or at least finish in second place!''' ,'''I was scared to be myself because I love to be flamboyant.''' ,'''I think we should have Eurovision every week. It's a really beautiful event, and it's very deep.''' ,'''Finland is dark and grey, but I'm a very happy, colorful, positive person - and I feel like Eurovision is all about that.''' ,'''The thing is, Finland is such a small country. It only has a population of five million, which is half of London. There's nothing there. I just had to get out. The U.K. is the perfect place to come.''' ,'''I think it's mainly the language barrier and the cultural barrier, but of course also my songs, they have been very serious and melancholic, and so maybe people need to see more of my bubbly side and my personality.''' ,'''So many months in the 'X Factor' house and sharing my room with five other girls was tough.''' ,'''I love a challenge and I love performing and doing crazy performances.''' ,'''I was a judge on Finnish 'X Factor.' My girl won. So basically I'm quite successful as a judge.''' ,'''It's incredible how my life has so many things happening at the same time.''' ,'''People loved me on 'X Factor' when I did 'Chandelier' and 'Winner Takes It All' and all these big numbers.''' ,'''It changed my life, but the best gift I have ever been given was the acceptance of the British public.''' ,'''One small decision, for me to get on a flight from Finland to the U.K. - I had no idea how that one small thing could just change my whole life forever.''' ,'''I was always the flamboyant one and the one who wanted to be really bubbly and wanted to perform in a big way, but it's not very typical in Finland.''' ,'''I want to do a musical. I want to write a book. I have all these ideas and I can't get away from them.''' ,'''I talked with labels and they wouldn't help with my international career. They said, 'Saara, if you're in Finland you just have to sing in Finnish.' That led to this situation where I felt very lonely. I was really sad and still I was doing gigs all the time. I'd go onstage crying but I was still trying to sing.''' ,'''I think Honey G is a brand, she's an inspiration for me at least.''' ,'''We want it to be sunny. Something small and intimate because my work is so public. That would be good for me, but my partner wants to have a big wedding.''' ,'''I don't want to be difficult personally. On stage is the right place for a diva.''' ,'''It's always been my dream to sing for Simon Cowell, plus I wanted to get out of Finland.''' ,'''I hoped people would take me as I am. It doesn't matter where I come from.''' ,'''I was thinking, could I be the sixth Spice Girl?''' ,'''Me and Matt Terry would love to record music together, maybe something on YouTube to our fans.''' ,'''The atmosphere in Britain is so supportive. People are so friendly and positive. I feel accepted here.''' ,'''Compared to professional dancers, I'm obviously not professional but I do love to dance so much.''' ,'''It's like going back to 'X Factor' but it's even bigger because Eurovision has so many more viewers.''' ,'''I love that music will bring people together, because the world is full of negativity.''' ,'''Everyone always told me I had a J-Lo bum. Since I was 15 it's always been like that.''' ,'''I grew up in Finland, so it's cold in Finland, we have ice rinks outdoors.''' ,'''When people come to my gigs, they feel accepted as they are and they feel part of this family.''' ,'''I think it's a crime to prevent love from happening.''' ,'''But when you grow, you get older and I realized that I would prefer being with a girl.''' ,'''I don't want to sing about going to a party with friends, I want to sing meaningful songs that can inspire people and I think Sia's songs are really deep. 'Chandelier' is about young girls who think they have to please others to be loved and that really touched me.''' ,'''There are not actually many people in Finland who are openly gay together, let alone two women.''' ,'''That's been my goal since I was a child and saw the Spice Girls on TV: I was like, I want to wear those fancy outfits and sing my heart out on a big stage.''' ,'''I can be a bit serious because I'm always focused on my work, but when Meri's around I feel so relaxed. My body and soul are like, 'Ah, OK, everything is fine.' I know I am meant to be with her. It feels right.''' ,'''I think for me 'X Factor' was the hardest thing I've ever done.''' ,'''I was in 'The Voice of Finland' in 2012 and my girlfriend - fiancee now - watched the show, liked me a lot and sent me a fan message through Facebook. She wrote, 'I have never, ever sent a message like this to anybody, but I just had this intuition that I have to send this to you.'''' ,'''There were many years when I didn't even know if I wanted to get married. I don't know if I believe in that institution, really.''' ,'''I love Honey G, Honey G is great. I think she's not a singer, she's a rapper.''' ,'''The staging for 'Monsters' is all about me getting free. In the beginning I'm like tied, in a dark place... until I am scared no more, and I'm taking the lead of my life, I'm being the queen of my life, I'm ruling the world! In the end I'm taking a risk, but I'm taking the leap of faith.''' ,'''I came second in 'The Voice of Finland' in 2012 and my career really exploded at home. I had 300 gigs a year.''' ,'''I have skated when I was a child, but it was just with our friends and our parents, no special technique.''' ,'''Hitting the road with Steps is going to be so much fun.''' ,'''This song is by Bjork called 'Oh So Quiet' and it's really different. I'll be screaming and just having fun on stage. It's really, really different but I'm very excited to do that number.''' ,'''I'm now working with some of the best songwriters in the world and Sia has written a song that has been given to me. Oh my God, it's just insane.''' ,'''It's funny, the only song I didn't want to do originally was 'Oh So Quiet.' And it was the best performance and changed the game for me.''' ,'''I'm quite tired, so when 'Dancing On Ice' is over I need a good holiday.''' ,'''It's very Finnish to think you can't make it outside Finland.''' ,'''I was honored I was signed to Sony. But later I felt like they weren't the right team.''' ,'''Feelings don't lie.''' ,'''I'm doing 'Dancing on Ice' and I'm just exhausted.''' ,'''Finish people have not been very successful at all. We are not doing very well in sport. We are outsiders in the world.''' ,'''I will never risk my wellbeing for my career and it's always worked out well for me and led me to the right places.''' ,'''I think you should have some more lesbian women out here on the British TV!''' ,'''All the experience from 'X Factor' U.K. I can use that - I know what I'm doing on a big stage.''' ,'''They haven't had 'The X Factor' in Finland for ten years. But because I was on it and it was such a hit, they decided to bring it back and have me as a judge.''' ,'''I've always had a big bum.''' ,'''When I came here I moved to London and I was meeting so many new people and had to speak only in English, which is not my native language.''' ,'''I describe my own music as epic love pop.''' ,'''It has always been my dream to do Eurovision since I was a child.''' ,]
+++