+++
author = "Hallie Jackson"
title = "Hallie Jackson Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Hallie Jackson Quotes"
keywords = "hallie jackson,hallie jackson quotes,hallie jackson quote,hallie jackson sayings,hallie jackson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love 'Modern Family.' I like Gloria. Sofia Vergara, her character. She's fun. She's hilarious.''' ,'''The National Parks are overlooked and underrated, and they shouldn't be.''' ,'''At any debate, you want viewers to have learned something they didn't know before - whether it's about the candidates' temperament, policies, or preparedness for office.''' ,'''Donald Trump may be the loudest voice in the Republican presidential field, but on his heels is the candidate quietly surging to the front of the pack: Ben Carson.''' ,'''There is just no evidence of rampant voter fraud when it comes to mail-in ballots.''' ,'''I made a point to have 'mini-adventures' on the road. In Tucson, that meant swinging by a massive airplane graveyard. A quick detour through the Grand Tetons was a Wyoming highlight. We stopped for cheese in Wisconsin and barbecue in South Carolina.''' ,'''Television is an intimately personal medium, especially with so many people watching on their phones or laptops. Style pressure comes with the territory.''' ,'''It's a little stressful to put down your phone in a little cubby and spend an hour with a barre teacher, but like, you know that it's good for you.''' ,'''I'm not big on red meat.''' ,'''When you're coming off a flight, skip the restroom by the gates and head to the one in baggage claim, which is always cleaner - and there's never a line.''' ,'''You never want anything to distract from the message you're sharing with the audience. That means even after an all-nighter in the car or a live shot after two connecting flights, you have to sound and seem fresh. You want people focused on what you're saying, not how you look.''' ,'''Instead of simply stopping at acknowledging gratitude for, say, your supportive partner, it takes you a step further to think about the reasons why you're grateful - and what that says about where you are on your journey. I've found it really helps tap into what's most important to me.''' ,'''Kristen Welker and Kelly O'Donnell, and producers Alicia Jennings and Stacey Klein, are all veterans of presidential foreign trips. Ali Vitali, who covered the Trump campaign, brings a different perspective: She flew nearly every leg of the president's 2016 campaign. It's a great mix of experiences and one hell of a fun group.''' ,'''I did Kyoto and traveled through some of Japan, solo. That was a really interesting experience. I felt very safe there as a female solo traveler, and I think you always need to be conscious of that.''' ,'''Sleep deprivation can be a serious problem in romantic relationships.''' ,'''Every major press organization works out of its own little space in the White House. Picture a mini cruise-ship cabin, or a row of four seats on an airplane: that's about all the space we have. You spend hundreds of hours inches away from your colleagues.''' ,'''The 'Women on 20s' movement hopes to put pressure on President Obama to change U.S. currency, though it's ultimately up to the Treasury Secretary Jack Lew to make the call.''' ,'''My personal experience has felt unique in that I'm juggling the already-intensive demands of network coverage of the White House alongside my daily MSNBC show.''' ,'''It can be really tough to find decent veggies when you're racking up highway miles or bouncing from airport to airport.''' ,'''Marrying video, sound, and words can create incredibly compelling storytelling, and when you add the political piece, you get a special combination: stories directly impacting the democratic process. It's a unique responsibility and one I'm passionate about.''' ,'''My MSNBC show team is just phenomenal.''' ,'''All eyes turned to the United States after countries around the world banned the Boeing 737 Max 8 and 9 following the deadly plane crash in Ethiopia. But President Donald Trump didn't follow suit at first, even as the pressure built.''' ,'''You never know when you might get scrambled to an impromptu press conference.''' ,'''I'm considering getting an Apple Watch just so I can sneak glances to make sure I'm not missing anything during class.''' ,'''Holding political leaders accountable on behalf of voters is at the core of what I do every day in my role as Chief White House Correspondent, so to do it on the national stage at a critical moment in the primary is a responsibility I take really seriously.''' ,'''A great pair of jeans works anywhere from a campaign rally to a fancy fundraiser.''' ,'''I covered the 2016 campaign and covered that in a very traditional way. I was on the road, I want to say, like 340 days out of the year.''' ,'''I'm really lucky to have colleagues in the White House press corps who are both amazing mothers and amazing journalists. Their collective wisdom has proven invaluable in my own journey.''' ,'''Our team at NBC's White House Unit always has a list of questions prepped and ready to go - for the president, for his aides, or for whoever else we're able to corner.''' ,'''Food on the road can be a hit-or-miss deal.''' ,]
+++