+++
author = "Kenneth Choi"
title = "Kenneth Choi Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Kenneth Choi Quotes"
keywords = "kenneth choi,kenneth choi quotes,kenneth choi quote,kenneth choi sayings,kenneth choi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Portland is the perfect weekend getaway. I studied acting in Portland and lived there for five years. It's a small city with so much to do. There's beautiful scenery, a great bar scene, and so many fabulous restaurants.''' ,'''I am proud to say that I plastic-wrapped Bruno Ricci's toilet in his trailer.''' ,'''I'd like to visit my friend and his family who live in Australia. That trip is long overdue.''' ,'''When I moved to Los Angeles, I figured I'm really going to make an attempt to become a real actor. And when I did that, I thought it was time for me to face my parents and tell them what I did.''' ,'''Chicago is my hometown and will always have a special place in my heart.''' ,'''The entire time I was in Portland, which was the five years, I had absolutely no contact with any of my family.''' ,'''When you're working on a huge, elaborate set that took months to create, and you're surrounded by hundreds of extras, you better remember your lines and know what you're doing in a scene!''' ,'''I told my extremely conservative, uber-traditional Korean father, 'Hey, Dad, I know what I want to do for the rest of my life. I want to be an actor.'''' ,'''I collected X-Men, Spider-Man, and Daredevil comics. I definitely had a few Captain America comics lying around in those protective plastic baggies.''' ,'''I think I can sing, but that does not mean I can actually sing. I fear that I'm like one of those 'American Idol' contestants who truly believe they are good and are actually dreadful.''' ,'''When I work, I like to just kind of stay quiet, stay to myself. I like to walk around a lot and figure out what's gonna happen in the scene and try to get my head straight.''' ,'''Comic fans are some of the toughest fans to please, and I'm one of them.''' ,'''Belize has a tropical climate and is quite affordable and is developing a reputation as an inexpensive Hawaii. If you want to hide away someplace that is extremely low-key, Placencia is perfect. San Pedro is more touristy and modernized.''' ,'''When I filmed my episodes, the show hadn't aired yet, so there was no 'Glee' pandemonium. It was still untested.''' ,'''My dad does watch my work now. My parents watch everything I'm on. I think the first time they saw something was 'Captain America,' and he called me, and he was so elated.''' ,]
+++