+++
author = "Tahir Raj Bhasin"
title = "Tahir Raj Bhasin Quotes"
quotes_len = "91"
description = "the best 91 Tahir Raj Bhasin Quotes"
keywords = "tahir raj bhasin,tahir raj bhasin quotes,tahir raj bhasin quote,tahir raj bhasin sayings,tahir raj bhasin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you play an anti-hero, it is a task to make people empathise with your character.''' ,'''Film is a medium where the audience gives you 100 per cent.''' ,'''I spent my childhood all over the country. In certain parts where I grew up, films were this fantasy world.''' ,'''Every time a medal is won on the national or international platform, our country really enjoys winners but we don't appreciate the effort that goes into creating winners.''' ,'''I look forward to pushing the boundaries of my craft and taking new chances.''' ,'''In 'Chhichhore,' I play the most layered and fun character.''' ,'''As long as the actor is able to maintain an emotional relatability with the audience, he or she will be loved by them.''' ,'''When I'm doing a part, I'm not coming with any baggage of who did what. I looked at 'Force 2' as a fresh film. It's a new story and a new director.''' ,'''I get the feeling that audiences have become mature and they understand that not every character is in black or white. There can be grey shades to it.''' ,'''I am the only one in my family to get into acting.''' ,'''I spend Diwali in Delhi because it's such a big festival.''' ,'''My first film was very static.''' ,'''Censorship is a really big deal, but online you don't have anything. You have slightly more freedom.''' ,'''As an actor, you want convince the audience that you can do different things. So, if I have to run in slow motion, I am more than happy to romance.''' ,'''Things that matter are a great story, entertainment, how the lead part moves the story forward and who the directors are.''' ,'''Nitesh Tiwari is so particular about his pre-production, where he plans every aspect of his film.''' ,'''Real life is never black and white why must the movies be?''' ,'''How you carry yourself is how people perceive you.''' ,'''When 'Mardaani' came out, one of the great compliments was that we hated the character but we loved the guy. So that was a great compliment to get, especially from female fans.''' ,'''On the sets of the movie 'Manto,' I found that one of the challenges of embodying real-life stories is the mixed medium of facts and imagination, and how one's collage of experiences colour ones representation on celluloid.''' ,'''I understand that I need to take up quality work.''' ,'''I like to spend time with senior actors before going on set to break the ice. On set, I just look at them as co-actors.''' ,'''My interest is to do interesting lead parts, to tell different stories and to surprise the audience. But as they say in Mumbai, everything is pre-written and it chooses you.''' ,'''As much effort it takes in nailing great comic timing, it takes the same effort to ace any dance step or a romantic dialogue. All of them have their different space.''' ,'''It is a matter of pride, and a lot of pressure to play the role of a legend like Sunil Gavaskar. He is India's first cricket superstar.''' ,'''There is something very exciting when you're playing a villain. You're being a rebel within the story because you are breaking the norms, and also when it comes to the structure of what a conventional lead is supposed to be.''' ,'''It's always interesting exploring something that has dimensions and layers to it.''' ,'''In real life I'm shy sometimes, sometimes I'm romantic, sometimes I can be funny, so it's great to be doing different kinds of parts that expose your personality.''' ,'''One of the things I love about acting is that there is always scope for growth.''' ,'''I have always believed that the choice of your second film is as important as you first film.''' ,'''As an actor, 'Chhichhore' has been one of the most creatively fulfilling projects and I thank my director Nitesh Tiwari for making me a part of his vision.''' ,'''My only criteria while selecting roles is that it should be a lead part in an interesting story where the character has depth and layers.''' ,'''With my work in 'Mardaani' being well-received, I am more aware than ever that I have to keep the game up. I don't want to disappoint myself as an actor first and let my audience down.''' ,'''Derek, my character, in 'Chhichhore' is actually based on the director's real life senior in engineering college and I had no clue about it till he took me to Indian Institute of Technology Bombay.''' ,'''There's so much information out there. There are written biographies of Gavaskar and Kapil Dev, there are interviews, and we have had the benefit of meeting these players. There's a physical and psychological aspect, and combining these two is what will help '83' connect with the millenials and cricket lovers.''' ,'''I think what working in a short film online is that the response from the audience is immediate whether your short film or web-series works or not, it is immediate. You can see comments and you can also see how many people have viewed it.''' ,'''To play the role of a sports champion, I first needed to break my body and become supremely fit to convincingly look like a college athlete. Along with acing sporting disciplines, I also had to balance the emotional graph and light heartedness of a college drama while competing in varying sport! Combining the two drained a lot out of me.''' ,'''I think every Delhi guy who comes to Mumbai has a huge Shah Rukh hangover. He has been so good with the variety of roles he has played in his career.''' ,'''I want to keep looking for roles that have an element of surprise.''' ,'''I have been part of really good projects which I'm extremely proud of and 'Chhichhore' will stand tall among my body of work. This is my first Rs 100 crore film and I know I will cherish this moment always.''' ,'''I want to do interesting characters with depth, which are a part of great stories. In fact, if the character is quirky and challenging, that's even better.''' ,'''I want to explore diverse genres.''' ,'''As an actor, you always have to love who you are playing.''' ,'''I greatly admire how the essence of Nitesh Tiwari's films resonate with you long after you've left the theatre.''' ,'''It's challenging playing grey characters because there's no right way and you get to make your own rules.''' ,'''I haven't been an athlete in school or college, though I have played basketball and football.''' ,'''I look forward to parts that have a dimension or depth to them. This makes it interesting for me to do and the audience to watch. Whether he's a chocolate boy die hard romantic or a gangster with swag, every good has a little bad and every bad has a little good in them.''' ,'''Acting is about being in the moment and audiences are smart to know what is authentic and what is not.''' ,'''I'm truly humbled to work with epic minds like Nitesh Tiwari and Kabir Khan.''' ,'''I think as an actor, you have to make yourself vulnerable to emotions.''' ,'''When you are doing a film about real people, you don't have a lot of manoeuvrability when it comes to how much you can add by way of imagination. You have to replicate what they were like. What you can add to it is your version of it.''' ,'''I'm a 90s child and I have grown up on a staple diet of David Dhawan films, Baazigar, Rangeela and Dil Chahta Hai.''' ,'''I am a huge optimist.''' ,'''What's challenging is to surprise the audience.''' ,'''I internalise every role that I do and my creative process sees me immerse myself with the setting and the character that I have at hand.''' ,'''My father was in the Air Force, so I travelled all over India. I was born in Delhi.''' ,'''I feel it has become increasingly competitive. There are some insane cut-offs to get into a lot of colleges.''' ,'''I think an excess of anything is bad, be it mobile phones, social media, private tuitions or watching television.''' ,'''Internationally if you see, 'Narcos' and 'House of Cards' are all very dark shows with very dark characters. The audience may hate the character but they will love the actor.''' ,'''I would prefer to not talk about films I have not been a part of.''' ,'''There is something challenging in shooting something in just one day and there is freedom knowing there is going to be no censorship.''' ,'''I really believe quality over quantity and 'Mardaani' was really well-received. It got me critical acclaim and box-office success, both.''' ,'''Actually two films is too short a time for an actor to get typecast.''' ,'''As actors, that has been challenging for us to pick up the nuances of the living legends we are playing.''' ,'''When an actor thinks he has arrived and become the best one, that's when your downfall starts. I will always strive to do better than in my last film.''' ,'''Chhichhore' is the toughest film that I have done.''' ,'''Everyone has loved 'Chhichhore' for a different reason, which I think for an actor is the best thing to hear. What I've been most touched by is that most people have discovered something new about the film when they have walked in the second time.''' ,'''My wishlist of directors, who I want to work with is endless. I want to work with Vishal Bhardwaj, Dibakar Banerjee, Karan Johar and many more.''' ,'''My mother worked for Confederation of Indian Industry, and Aptech Computers.''' ,'''I don't think there are any negative roles anymore. I think we can aptly put such characters under 'anti-hero' tag.''' ,'''We grew up climbing trees, playing outdoors and cycling.''' ,'''There is enough work for everyone. So there is no fear when I look at other people doing well. But it makes you realise that its important to ensure that you keep your quality up.''' ,'''Grey characters don't only mean broody characters. A totally smitten lover boy can be equally grey if written that way.''' ,'''It is every actor's dream to work at YRF and I feel very fortunate to be given this opportunity.''' ,'''It is important to experience everything. If you haven't travelled in life, if you haven't had friends, if you haven't been a Chhichhora, then you haven't done anything in life.''' ,'''I have always been extremely health conscious and I have never smoked and don't encourage the habit of smoking.''' ,'''Actors normally go to the gym to achieve a certain kind of fitness for a role but when you start playing a sport, then you realise that being athletically fit is a very different kind of fitness.''' ,'''If you want to live a fulfilling life, then you have to do something that motivates you and also earns you a living.''' ,'''I was an above-average student who excelled in basketball and theatre.''' ,'''I want to take up work in different genres.''' ,'''My focus are only films. There is something special about films as when it is being played in a dark theatre, the audience is watching only you. Whereas in TV there are a lot distraction.''' ,'''The digital medium gives you the license to talk about many things as compared to movies. It is quicker than shooting for a film.''' ,'''There isn't that big a vibe around Diwali in Mumbai. Over there its Ganpati Visarjan, which is quite huge.''' ,'''I believe short films are more organic. It's almost like doing theatre. It just takes few takes.''' ,'''I virtually grew up at Air Force bases, and when I was younger, I'd dream of wearing a uniform like my father and grandfather. But when I turned 10, I felt theatre and acting were my calling.''' ,'''I think when you're a new actor in Bollywood, it's about seizing the moment. If you can prove to the audience there is an emotional vulnerability to your character, regardless of it being black or gray, I think the audience will accept you in any role - be it romantic or action.''' ,'''It's a big responsibility to play an icon like Sunil Gavaskar.''' ,'''I am not a big fan of going to malls. I am pretty old-fashioned that way.''' ,'''I get very competitive with myself and always look to better myself from my previous projects. I have learned that it's important to work on the craft than the project.''' ,'''I remember how as I kid I would love stories of every kind - whether they were narrated in school or what I read in books. Storytelling would always appeal to me, I would take part in poetry reciting, dramatics, choreography and debates. There was this fascination for performance, which finally culminated in a professional sphere.''' ,'''When people see me as Gavaskar on screen, I want them to feel that they are looking at the person that they have known and when I play on screen, it should remind them of how he played.''' ,]
+++