+++
author = "John Cameron Mitchell"
title = "John Cameron Mitchell Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 John Cameron Mitchell Quotes"
keywords = "john cameron mitchell,john cameron mitchell quotes,john cameron mitchell quote,john cameron mitchell sayings,john cameron mitchell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What's interesting is that some of the things I'm interested in talking about is a story which has to do with the second half of your life, which can be told through Hedwig's voice because she's older. If the timeline is consistent, she's as old as me.''' ,'''Nothing is a calling card. Everything is what you do. If you do it in order to get somewhere else, you're not actually doing it. If you're thinking, 'What is the weird thing I want to make with my friends?' money and other things will come later.''' ,''''Hedwig' isn't particularly based on me, but I think that it is autobiographical in terms of emotion.''' ,'''We're all weirdly single, middle-aged women with too much money who look to fill the void with too much shopping.''' ,'''There's something cool about being a stealth classic.''' ,'''User-comments culture is not useful for creating original work, I think.''' ,'''I'm not interested in replicating 'Hedwig' like a virus.''' ,'''Some people end up becoming just a conservator of the one thing they did and making sure they get their merch out and all that.''' ,'''I remember my girlfriend dropped me for the guy I thought was really cute.''' ,'''I like making art that's useful to people who have a harder road. Art is a tool to get through it; it's a tool to prepare for the worst. By envisioning it in an artistic context, you can make sense of it before and after it happens.''' ,'''I'm all for information diets, which are helpful for the mood and for the art.''' ,'''I would love for 'Hedwig' to be in every tiny shopping mall so every freakish kid like I was can have a broadening experience.''' ,'''Queerness isn't just Lady Gaga and overpriced drinks and fauxhawks. It's James Baldwin and Bea Arthur and Gertrude Stein and Gore Vidal.''' ,'''I walk out of my apartment, and St. Vincent's is standing there like a ghost ship. That was the ground zero of AIDS in New York: a conservative institution that quickly adapted to its unconventional patients and made heroic efforts to try and save them.''' ,'''I studied meditation, knowing it would be a huge new calming skill.''' ,'''Drag is a little scary, especially for a gay man who's not comfortable with his feminine side.''' ,'''I quickly found that I didn't really fit into 'gay culture,' as identified by many gay people, and that it can be just as confining as straight culture, not least in the way that bisexual people are told that 'they can't make up their mind.'''' ,'''I've obviously always been aware of actor-oriented films, being an actor. Altman and Cassavetes were really strong. And then I realized their structures were quite fascinating, too.''' ,'''Drag wasn't really on Broadway. It was considered low-class.''' ,'''Our feet are planted in the real world, but we dance with angels and ghosts.''' ,'''There's nothing more Broadway than 'Hedwig.' It's very family-friendly. There's innuendo and stuff, but not more than you'd see on TV.''' ,'''Doing 'Hedwig' was so hard that I kind of burned out on acting.''' ,'''It's cool when frat boys say, 'Yeah, 'Hedwig!' I'd like to see that same thing happen with 'Shortbus.'''' ,'''I did take comfort in the vespers and compline. I might have become a monk if I hadn't come out.''' ,'''Isn't it funny - why is it called a tennis bracelet? It doesn't seem very tennis, does it?''' ,'''I went to a very small Catholic school. It wasn't an easy place to be growing up gay.''' ,'''Bob Fosse, even though he wasn't gay. He was certainly queer and had a huge effect on the 'Hedwig' film, as did Hal Ashby and Robert Altman, who had a weird butch queer feeling about him. His films almost flirted with camp but in an extremely realistic acting way.''' ,'''Obviously, when you get into larger budgets, you have less of that freedom, and I just - I'm not a person that tends to make stories for those larger budgets. To me, it's not much fun to have that kind of pressure.''' ,'''I've always liked a good joke that everybody can laugh at.''' ,'''You're on Facebook, and you're supposed to know your sexual orientation at 13... Nobody really knows what's going on at that time, and people seem to... know stuff, or they have to act like they do, and they make decisions before they really need to.''' ,'''Growing up, it was uncool to admit that your family had any money. And then, instantly, money was cool. In Reagan's parlance, it was about freedom of the individual, which was freedom to be greedy... individual versus society. There was a weird seduction in that, which I still feel.''' ,'''I remember being afraid of doing drag when I was younger because I didn't really like my feminine side - most gay guys at some point are told that that's the worst part of you, so that becomes a negative thing.''' ,'''I remember seeing a stage version of Plato's 'Symposium' and being really moved because it was written by a man rather than a culture.''' ,'''I have a weird propensity to know what's going to happen in the future.''' ,'''Humor without sadness underneath it feels cheap and aggressive.''' ,'''Compared to other liberal cities like San Francisco and Amsterdam, New Yorkers are always trying to do something, make art or love or money or whatever, and they have this phobia about standing still.''' ,'''People know what 'Hedwig' is now, and that's wonderful. It's not the same as being swamped for being on 'The Big Bang Theory,' but it's much more comfortable.''' ,'''I actually came out the year that AIDS hit the front pages. So there was this mixed feeling about it - excitement that life's finally begun, but it was completely tied up with mortality and danger and politics.''' ,'''It's the weird thing that actors do: You jumped across that building because the scene required it.''' ,'''I like the fact that it's like The Ramones. You just have to change your name, and you're a Ramone. You just have to put the wig on, and you're Hedwig. Women have played it. Gay men, straight men, you know.''' ,'''I am just touched at how strongly the real Hed-heads feel. It feels different from other kinds of devotees; maybe it's the way I felt with certain bands when I was a kid. It feels like a band more than a play.''' ,'''I love a good party.''' ,''''Hedwig' is not autobiographical, but what she goes through is clearly a big metaphor. She doesn't want to be what she is, but she comes to an understanding that what happened to her has actually made her whole.''' ,'''After the first 'Hedwig,' interestingly, I was offered to play Hamlet a couple of times.''' ,'''I never even had a MySpace.''' ,'''The best things happen in the dark.''' ,'''There are a lot of silly projects out there.''' ,'''I think I was scared of the drag thing, as a lot of gay boys are. It's sort of knocked out of you in junior high. I wouldn't find guys who were very feminine attractive. Then, doing 'Hedwig,' I got to be man and woman, really butch and really femme at the same time, and I realized, this is kind of the ideal.''' ,'''I don't like being choreographed to a T. I like to take steps and make them my own.''' ,'''I sometimes buy albums that I don't like now, but that I know I will like. Coming out was the same thing. In high school, I thought, 'I know I'm going to have to deal with this, but I'm not confident enough now.' But when I finally did, my whole life changed.''' ,'''My mom was a little weepy. My dad was very logical about it. Once they realized you can't change, they wanted to know that you can be happy and be gay. Once they realized that, they were very cool about it.''' ,'''The think that we hung the film version all on was 'Hedwig' on tour. On stage, it's one theatre, one show. It just seemed natural to change it. In the film, we were able to go to flashback rather than have her talk to the audience. And we had the play to practice and to see where we had made mistakes.''' ,'''You get all these French directors who have all these pretty, vacuous stars of their movies - from Jean Seberg on - who have become iconic but were never really good actors.''' ,'''I went to theater school at Northwestern, and I was quite conservative. Reagan at the time seemed quite revolutionary, or at least a rock star: He was radical and kind of punk rock.''' ,'''The people that were most interesting were always questioning the status quo.''' ,'''Oftentimes, experiencing tragedy very young can strangely give you a kind of equilibrium.''' ,'''Having been an actor in Hollywood for a certain amount of time, I always felt a pressure to be sort of a neutral person. 'Don't do anything to your hair. Don't tell them your age. Don't tell them you're gay. Don't tell them anything that could limit you, specify you as a person.' I always hated that, actually moved out of L.A. because of that.''' ,'''I don't regret anything, because I feel better every year, and if I'd done something different, maybe I wouldn't. I'm more of a whole person, the older I get.''' ,'''I like all kinds of input.''' ,'''We need punk now; we need it more than ever. We need rebellion by youth.''' ,'''If I wanted to make a lot of money with 'Hedwig,' I could have spent all my time on it. But that's boring.''' ,'''As you get older, you treasure the beautiful things of the past but also see things more clearly.''' ,'''My favorite playwright is probably Samuel Beckett, and he was always laughing at the abyss.''' ,''''Hedwig' is unabashedly analog.''' ,'''Some people go off to an ashram or they, you know, have a midlife crisis and buy a sports car. For me, I do 'Hedwig,' and I see it's a midlife crisis maybe, and I see what's next. And it's a good trampoline, maybe, into the next part of my life.''' ,'''My favorite model of success is when people say, 'Nobody bought that first Velvet Underground album, but everyone who did started a band.'''' ,'''I think things are dishonest if they're not aware of sadness.''' ,''''Hedwig' was born in '94. I was thinking of a theater piece; Hedwig was one of the characters.''' ,'''I always think that in some way, art is the best tool we have to prepare for death. It's like a sculpture that you can interpret differently every time you look at it.''' ,'''I realized that theater was the perfect thing for me, in short bursts of intense community building.''' ,'''Hedwig is on a quest; she's on a quest as much as Jason and the Argonauts, as much as the boy in 'A.I.' She's looking for something. She's looking for her other half, and she's on tour. Monsters, Cyclops - maybe they're her mom? - appear on various islands.''' ,'''You can make serious pop, you know? There was a time when the best movies were the most popular, and I keep thinking that can happen again.''' ,'''Anger is so constructive.''' ,'''I come from the theater, and there is a real collaborative history there.''' ,'''Getting the blood moving through your body does do wonders for your complexion.''' ,'''Nowadays, the term 'selling out' doesn't exist anymore because everyone is trying to make a living.''' ,'''I'd like to do some female roles again.''' ,'''In rock and roll, homosexuality was accepted, but it was less cool to say it.''' ,'''Neil Patrick Harris is a superman of entertainment.''' ,'''London is the English-speaking theatre capital.''' ,'''I've avoided situations where I wouldn't have creative freedom.''' ,'''The things that interest me are less to do with perhaps finding myself and more to do with surviving and mercy and forgiveness.''' ,'''I guess historically, drag queens were imitating movie stars and luminaries. It's kind of nice to have a movie star imitating a drag queen.''' ,'''I've seen things change and people forget: the history of Berlin, the history of queer struggle, the history of AIDS, the history of New York changing from an artistic powerhouse to more of a financial one now.''' ,'''New York is so unique, and you are not always encouraged to consider the people in the city your neighbors because of the fast pace and surface anonymity.''' ,'''Chaos is the natural state, and theater tries to make sense of it, but it's got to be a little messy to be believable.''' ,'''I'm an honorary old Jewish lady of the West Village.''' ,'''If you go for the money first and try to think of what other people want to see, you change your original inspiration and perhaps put out something that's less original and less personal and maybe less satisfying.''' ,'''Acceptance and assimilation, you know, breeds mediocrity and perhaps an even more sheep-like conformism in terms of what kind of music you're supposed to listen to if you're gay... What are you supposed to look like? What's your body supposed to look like?''' ,'''Coming out as a gay man, it was very much about finding my own identity and dealing with labeling.''' ,'''I really want as many people as possible to relate to something, without compromising or dumbing down.''' ,''''Hedwig' was pretty much all the things I wanted to do that other people said I probably shouldn't do: drag, punk rock, stand-up comedy... You know, combine them all in a thing that's supremely uncommercial from the objective point of view.''' ,'''I thought, 'O.K., if I'm a valuable person and an independent entity, then I don't have to worry about what people think of me. I can reach out now.'''' ,'''I certainly wanted Hedwig's world to be one where identification and categories are fluid, changing, and confusing, as they are, really, in life.''' ,'''The first rock stars were incredibly theatrical. Little Richard and Chuck Berry and Elvis Presley - they were theater artists.''' ,'''I was brought up very Catholic, and the character of Tommy Gnosis got his name from there.''' ,'''Doing 'Hedwig' totally contributed to my acceptance of myself.''' ,'''I think it helped me like myself more, playing Hedwig.''' ,'''I think as far as themes, 'Hedwig' is about what music meant to you as a kid and how rock n' roll can save you; that is definitely part of it.''' ,]
+++