+++
author = "John Corbett"
title = "John Corbett Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 John Corbett Quotes"
keywords = "john corbett,john corbett quotes,john corbett quote,john corbett sayings,john corbett saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was starting out, I didn't know what the hell I was doing and my person who was helping me out, I didn't even have an agent, got me five or six big auditions for leads in movies in 1986 that I had no business auditioning for. I think I ran out of three of them before I'd even finished.''' ,'''I was a pretty disruptive student in class in school. I had a hard time paying attention. I had what they call A.D.D. now, back then I was just a hyper kid.''' ,'''I actually got hurt in a steel factory in 1985 and so that changed my life. I went to a junior college and that's where I discovered acting.''' ,'''Acting is a win-win situation. There is no risk involved. That's why I get tired of hearing actors who try to make out that there's a downside to it. Fame is an odd thing. It bugs you a little bit, but it's really not bad.''' ,'''I'm not going to tell you the movies, but I remember getting halfway through the thing and everything sort of tunnel-visioned on me and I couldn't read the script anymore. I looked at the people and I just turned and ran out in a cold sweat. It took me about a year to study it and feel comfortable going in and reading for people.''' ,'''I don't want to slam the cute and fun movies out there, but it gets old.''' ,'''I'm afraid to do theater now.''' ,'''You know, I like playing music and playing guitar, and I like to draw, so I thought I would end up just probably barely making a living, or probably having to have some other job, but being involved in one of those things that I really like to do. But that didn't work out like that.''' ,'''I feel like a visitor just about everywhere.''' ,'''Acting may be how I've made my living, but music has always been my passion.''' ,'''I'll be a little bummed out if I make it to my 70s and didn't have a kid. I have two dogs and I know how much I love them. I would like to love and raise a kid.''' ,'''I don't write songs.''' ,'''In Hollywood if you're good looking, tall, have okay teeth and nice skin, the odds of being successful are great. If you're short and fat, it's a different story. But as long as you look like a leading man type, half your job is done already.''' ,'''I get offered movies probably twice a month and they are just generally bad.''' ,'''I just think you should get married if you want to have some kids.''' ,'''I took an acting class at Cerritos Junior College and I did a handful of plays, maybe five or six plays.''' ,'''I'd never even seen a play by the time I was 24 years old.''' ,'''I'm not really that private of a person. I live in a small town and I'm very neighborly. I go out to dinner just about four nights a week and sit and talk to people. I'm not that private, so it's not that strange to do an interview and try to share a little bit of your life.''' ,'''I really take acting seriously.''' ,'''I thought if I wanted people to take me seriously, I needed to act serious and not reveal too much of my private life so people could seriously accept me in different things.''' ,'''I'm not opposed to adoption. It's not in my immediate future because I'm on the move a lot and if I were going to be father I would like to be more grounded.''' ,'''Now that people know who I am, I get offered plays here and there. It was so much easier to do it when nobody knew who I was. I can't even imagine that somebody would come and pay money just to come and see me now.''' ,'''I'm sick of playing romantic leads.''' ,'''Look, I've done some low-budget movies and I've done some big-budget movies, and the big-budget movies were always kind of disorganized.''' ,'''I'm getting out of acting.''' ,'''I discovered that I act because I really love to act. I don't act because maybe it will get me a magazine cover or that I can get on a talk show.''' ,'''Fame is an odd thing. It bugs you a little bit, but it's really not bad.''' ,'''After I get comfortable, I kind of forget that we're even doing an interview and I say whatever comes to the mind.''' ,]
+++