+++
author = "Ashley Young"
title = "Ashley Young Quotes"
quotes_len = "76"
description = "the best 76 Ashley Young Quotes"
keywords = "ashley young,ashley young quotes,ashley young quote,ashley young sayings,ashley young saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've come through it and seen people in football that are sharks. They are ones to stay away from.''' ,'''As players, we have to concentrate with what happens on the pitch, not off it.''' ,'''I love playing football, and that's all I'm going to do.''' ,'''I am one of those players who has many scars up and down my legs from being kicked, but I know I have a job to do, and beating my opponent is my goal.''' ,'''I was at Watford and got a knock-back when I was 16 and didn't get a YTS contract. They said I could find another club or go in and train three times a week after school. I'd been there since I was 10, so I got my head down and proved them wrong. Within a year, they had signed me up, and I haven't looked back.''' ,'''I've played at a European Championship; to represent your country at a World Cup is every boy's dream, and for me, it would definitely be a dream come true.''' ,'''People saying I dive doesn't affect me at all. Not one bit.''' ,'''There are a lot of players competing for that wide attacking role, and if I'm brutally honest, if you aren't playing regularly, you can't get picked. I found that out, missing out on the World Cup.''' ,'''A lot of youngsters in the game think they've made it before they've done anything. But at United, they're given that winning mentality and an ethos of always trying to improve.''' ,'''I've always got that determination, to get back in the squad and get back playing.''' ,'''There's a lot said now about younger players: that it's just about the cars and houses. I'm from the old school - it's about what you've achieved in the game.''' ,'''Players have to adapt nowadays, and if you have a good football brain, if you can read the game, you can manage it.''' ,'''My dad worked in the IT industry, although I haven't got a clue what he did. He always tells me but it just goes over my head.''' ,'''Everything that moved, I was kicking it. You can ask my mum and dad. A stone, a can, whatever.''' ,'''I follow tennis, and I actually went to Wimbledon during the summer, and it was nice to get a day off during pre-season to watch it. Basketball as well - I don't have a team; it's just a casual interest - especially when the play-offs come around and the intensity rises.''' ,'''I think age is just a number - if you are young enough, you are old enough - as long as you are good enough, age shouldn't come into it.''' ,'''I'm not one of those players who talks about things off the field. It's about what trophies and titles and cups you've won.''' ,'''We've got to rediscover the Manchester United way of playing, and I don't think many teams enjoy their nights at Old Trafford when we're on song.''' ,'''I've always had to fight. Throughout my life, it's been a fight to get to where I am now.''' ,'''I'm not a cheat. I'm not a diver.''' ,'''It's up to me to use my brain, be clever, find the pockets of space, and get on the ball.''' ,'''I've always said that when you pull on an England shirt, it's a proud moment, and it's an honour to play for and represent your country.''' ,'''It's just determination, working hard, and keeping my feet on the ground in training and keep on proving people wrong.''' ,'''I can play in six different positions where managers can trust me. It must give them food for thought knowing I can do a job in different positions.''' ,'''In modern day football, you've got to play in different positions. I've played in numerous positions, apart from centre-back and goalkeeper, I think.''' ,'''You want to be in touch with the fans. The fans want to get to know your personality and character.''' ,'''Things can be dissected too much. It's football. Go and play.''' ,'''I enjoy having a challenge.''' ,'''I want to be creative, to get on the ball, to play.''' ,'''I'm just the same as everyone - I can remember, growing up, watching the World Cup.''' ,'''Kids ask me about what they should do to make it, and I tell them, 'Just get your head down and work, work, work.'''' ,'''If I'm asked to play a certain position, I'll do it 100 per cent.''' ,'''I've shown I am deserving to be in the England squad, but I don't just want a place in the squad; I want to be in the team.''' ,'''I had the brain for football, but I didn't have the height. So I started using my brain to overcome those weaknesses and discovered football isn't just about size or power: it's about what's up there. That was the making of me.''' ,'''Once you look back on your career when it's over, you can say, 'This is what I achieved,' or, 'This is what I'm driving.'''' ,'''As you get older, you start to read the game more, and as your brain starts working more, and as you get a good footballing brain, your legs start slowing down!''' ,'''I was 11 years old and was racially abused on the pitch. It was obviously disappointing to hear it at such a young age.''' ,'''If I've gone to get a takeaway, and I get chips... I like to match up the chips in length. That is actually quite weird. Obviously, if I've got chips, I pick them out in twos. That's a weird thing as well. You know, if they're not the same length, well, I go hunting for the same length in chips.''' ,'''I've always wanted to represent my country. It's an honour to do so, and whenever I get that chance, I'll keep doing it.''' ,'''Things happen on football pitches. Once the game is finished, you don't need to talk afterwards. That's just how it is.''' ,'''I'm still operating as a wide player, and I'm still free to express myself, try to get one-v-one and get past someone, and there's no better feeling than getting over a great cross and someone scoring.''' ,'''There's no better feeling than coming off the pitch knowing you've won the game.''' ,'''I've had the same hunger, the same desire to win, since I started kicking a football when I was five years old.''' ,'''I want to play every game.''' ,'''I've been a versatile player since I started playing football.''' ,'''I like to spend time on freekicks after training.''' ,'''I'm enjoying playing football, and as a footballer, that's what you want to do, and that is exactly what I've been doing.''' ,'''If I do well for my club, I will get recognition.''' ,'''I just want to do well in every game that I'm picked to play.''' ,'''That's the club's way, the United way. Never say die.''' ,'''A lot's been said about me playing for three different managers.''' ,'''I've always said, when you join a club like United, it's a tough place to play at. But if you play and train and give 100%, then get your opportunity - I've always said you always get your opportunity there.''' ,'''All I can do is keep playing as well as I can for United.''' ,'''It's never easy in the Champions League, but you never know what can happen.''' ,'''I'm confident in my own ability, and if I'm called upon to play on the right, the left, or as the main striker, then I can play there.''' ,'''It's about taking the game to the opposition, always believing in yourself.''' ,'''When Martin O'Neill spent £9m on me to take me to Villa, it was a massive boost.''' ,'''As I've got older, the nerves aren't there anymore; they just left one day when I was at Watford. I only feel excitement now, whatever the game.''' ,'''Of course I have aspirations and ambitions to play for my country.''' ,'''Different managers play different systems, and you've got to be able to play in different positions.''' ,'''It is always disappointing to obviously concede.''' ,'''I had three brothers: one older, two younger.''' ,'''I'm just concentrating on my football. I'm not thinking about the length of my contract.''' ,'''I'm a versatile player, can play in numerous positions, and I have a good football brain, even if it is getting older.''' ,'''I had to go to see the careers woman at school, and when she asked me what I wanted to do after school, I told her flat: 'I want to be a professional footballer.' I can remember her being silent for a few seconds, just looking at me.''' ,'''Sir Alex Ferguson has been a massive influence on me.''' ,'''I'm a born winner.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I've changed at all. A lot of people will keep saying I'm a different person, especially when I go across those white lines. I think it's just the hunger and desire and passion I've got for the game.''' ,'''I'll relish playing at Wembley in a major cup final. It's a great achievement for me, and it's why I became a footballer, because I want to win medals.''' ,'''To play at Wembley for my country is just incredible.''' ,'''When you lose a game, there's obviously disappointment, and you want a game straight away.''' ,'''When you play for Manchester United, the pressure's on every week.''' ,'''Everyone has got to be prepared and ready to play when the manager calls on you.''' ,'''You don't enter a competition not to win it.''' ,'''I've been watching 'Power.' I've been hooked on it.''' ,'''If you are in the team, there is always going to be someone biting away at your heels trying to get in.''' ,]
+++