+++
author = "Alexa Ray Joel"
title = "Alexa Ray Joel Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Alexa Ray Joel Quotes"
keywords = "alexa ray joel,alexa ray joel quotes,alexa ray joel quote,alexa ray joel sayings,alexa ray joel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My parents tried to shield me from how famous they were when I was growing up on Long Island. I had no idea.''' ,'''There's no great shame in having your nose fixed.''' ,'''I've been very honest with the press, even when I had work done on my face. A lot of people would cover that up. I want to be a voice for young women. I want to empower them. I've been through a lot, and I want to send them a relatable message.''' ,'''I hear how Drew Barrymore grew up going to the bars - I was never allowed.''' ,'''I like songs that sound like classics. There are songs that might be cooler or have better production, but I like songs that sound like they're timeless.''' ,'''I've learned pretty much everything from mom. She's taught me a lot about just taking care of yourself - skin care, great makeup tricks. She's very good at putting together that very effortless-style look.''' ,'''I think I look more like me than my father's daughter now.''' ,'''I'm 5'3'', and not often you get to see that in a magazine. I think that what is so cool about 'Sports Illustrated' is it's all different body shapes, all difference sizes. You have actresses, sports figures, musicians, so it's all about skin deep beauty sort of radiating to the outside, and that's what's so special.''' ,'''Every time I do a cover, I completely... pick apart - I take apart the entire song and really reconstruct it. I try and make it my own.''' ,'''My best memories growing up are of putting on musicals with my mom and dad, Both of them are real hams; it was like vaudeville in East Hampton.''' ,'''What people don't understand is that my dad isn't up on the contemporary music scene. He's been a legend for decades and he doesn't know what's going on right now, and he doesn't need to.''' ,'''My dream is to be able to promote a message of honesty, whether with music or in anything that I'm doing. I don't think to be a role model you have to be perfect.''' ,'''I was in a phase when I was obsessed - I still am - with fortunetellers and psychics.''' ,'''Regardless of who your parents are, where you come from, or what you look like, you can embrace your flaws and be honest with yourself.''' ,'''I learned about embracing all different genres as opposed to just getting attached to one.''' ,'''There's a lot of pressure on young women. We need more honest women who are willing to talk about their struggles.''' ,'''I've been very honest with the press. The only thing I have ever had done is my nose.''' ,'''I worked a long time to get good at what I'm doing, and nobody handed me a recording contract because of who my father is.''' ,]
+++