+++
author = "Mike Trout"
title = "Mike Trout Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Mike Trout Quotes"
keywords = "mike trout,mike trout quotes,mike trout quote,mike trout sayings,mike trout saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always dreamed of making it in baseball, but life has moved pretty quickly for me.''' ,'''You surprise yourself on some balls off the bat. You don't think you have a chance to catch it. And then your natural ability just takes over.''' ,'''As a kid, I had this ultimate goal to be a teacher. I wanted to be a history teacher like my dad.''' ,'''When we get in late and the only thing open is fast food, it can be tough to maintain a healthy diet.''' ,'''I used to get made fun of in the minor leagues. I'd be 0 for 2, and then in my last at-bat I'd hit a chopper that wouldn't even reach the shortstop, and I'd get a hit out of it. The guys would be all over me, but a hit's a hit. I'll take 3,000 of 'em.''' ,'''I think people keep baseballs in their cars, just to be prepared in case they see me. It's cool to get recognized in public; it's an incredible feeling.''' ,'''I'm not really a big Springsteen guy. I'll listen to the music, but ... I didn't really get attached to it as much as, like, country artists. That's really who I listen to.''' ,'''I didn't know anything about the Angels when I first got there. But they really are a good organization.''' ,'''As I get older every year, I'm eating better. As a kid, who can turn down chips and candy? But I'm getting better.''' ,'''Growing up, I was such a picky eater. I'm finally starting to expand.''' ,'''I grew up a Phillies fan. Me and my buddies tailgated a couple of times when they won the World Series. I like just being in that atmosphere.''' ,'''Keep your head on the ball. You've got to hit it first, then look where it goes. People get in trouble when they look for where the ball's going, and they haven't even hit it yet.''' ,]
+++