+++
author = "Ty Simpkins"
title = "Ty Simpkins Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Ty Simpkins Quotes"
keywords = "ty simpkins,ty simpkins quotes,ty simpkins quote,ty simpkins sayings,ty simpkins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My favorite subject is history. It's interesting.''' ,'''I've been saying I really want to get a 1992 Jeep Sahara, and I'm going to paint it so it looks like the 'Jurassic Park' Jeep. I've actually seen a guy who did have a Jeep Sahara, and he did make it look like the 'Jurassic Park' Jeep. I gave him a thumbs up and said, 'You're awesome!'''' ,'''Coming back to 'New Girl' was a real reminder of how lucky I am to be on a popular network TV show.''' ,'''As an actor, you act in order to make a living. Then, when you can make a living, you start acting because you want to do what you love to do. I need to remind myself of that a lot.''' ,''''New Girl' is how I make my living, and if I'm going to do a movie, it's because I really, artistically, want to do it.''' ,'''I really want to meet and work with JJ Abrams. Everyone talks about what a nice director he is, and he has kids and stuff, so he sounds really awesome, not to mention he makes awesome movies.''' ,'''It's really cool I get to be part of this 'Jurassic Park' universe.''' ,'''It's just weird because videos games let you be something that you're not; so does acting, but it puts you in, like, a real-situation-type thing or something totally different.''' ,'''I just love baseball; it's one of my favorite sports.''' ,'''I loved 'Iron Man.'''' ,'''I do have advice for any kid actors. Just go in there and own it like you own the job already. You just have to say, 'I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this.'''' ,'''I like to hang out with my friends and watch movies.''' ,'''I've loved dinosaurs since I was teeny tiny.''' ,'''The Hulk has an awesome superpower. He turns into this giant monster that can eliminate several dudes at once.''' ,'''I belong to an improv group, I play cello, I have these phases - fencing, tae kwon do, baseball, ice hockey, boogie boarding in the summer, snowboarding in the winter.''' ,'''I'm more into graphic novels than comic books.''' ,'''It's very important to think optimistically. You've got to think to yourself, 'I'm going to get better every day.'''' ,'''Stunts are really fun.''' ,'''I don't really watch a lot of TV, but I do watch 'Adventure Time', 'The Amazing World of Gumball', and 'Looney Tunes' and old classic cartoons.''' ,'''I am very big into superheroes.''' ,'''Recess and lunch are the best.''' ,]
+++