+++
author = "Marion Cotillard"
title = "Marion Cotillard Quotes"
quotes_len = "108"
description = "the best 108 Marion Cotillard Quotes"
keywords = "marion cotillard,marion cotillard quotes,marion cotillard quote,marion cotillard sayings,marion cotillard saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You have to find the place where you abandon everything of yourself. Then you can let something else happen.''' ,'''I have a tendency to often share the point of view of the conspiracy theory.''' ,'''The first thing I have to do to erase my French accent is think that it is actually possible, whereas for the moment, I think it's not. I have a lot of work.''' ,'''There is something strange about me. I don't ever feel at ease in a group of people. I have to fight hard to overcome my fears.''' ,'''When people dont know exactly what depression is, they can be judgmental.''' ,'''I was a big fan of Greta Garbo and that era of movies, so I dreamt watching those movies.''' ,'''As an actress I just want to tell beautiful stories.''' ,'''My dad was a mime and then he had his company and created plays for children and was very successful with it.''' ,'''The Dardenne brothers do a movie almost every year, and they put everything together to have a comfort.''' ,'''I need to be on the same page as the director.''' ,'''What I like in this job is you can travel to many places, many imaginations.''' ,'''When a script moves me, I find that I immediately understand a character. Of course not completely, but I do understand.''' ,'''I think we're lied to about a number of things.''' ,'''I took piano lessons when I was like 5 or 6 but that was a long time ago. I stopped when I was 13.''' ,'''I came close to depression, but when I started to feel I could really lose myself, I somehow escaped it.''' ,'''Having your picture taken in the street and put in a magazine won't change your life.''' ,'''Filmmaking is not about gender. You cannot ask a president in a festival like Cannes to have, like, five movies directed by women and five by men.''' ,'''I don't want to change the world; I want to evolve myself.''' ,'''The first time I saw 'Macbeth' was not the entire play. It was at acting school, and this student was working on Lady Macbeth's soliloquy. I felt something very special, and I knew then that I would one day experience Lady Macbeth, but I always thought it would be on stage and in French.''' ,'''Michael Fassbender is just a creative force: he finds authenticity in singularity with what he brings, and it's always authentic. He doesn't try to be creative and different for the sake of it.''' ,'''I'm so lucky to have the opportunity to work with some directors and some actors I wouldn't have dared to think I would work with one day.''' ,'''You can't work all your life.''' ,'''I am not very good at planning things, actually, but I believe that things happen when they need to and when they have to.''' ,'''I've always had a repulsion going in a place where animals are in captivity.''' ,'''I don't really pay attention to which accent I have. I'm in a singular box as an actress.''' ,'''The biggest challenge to me is always technique.''' ,'''An artist is maybe not always having a normal life.''' ,'''I'm not the kind of person who can do a lot of things at the same time.''' ,'''I never thought that I would have to play an Indian, well half French, but an Indian woman in my life.''' ,'''You fall in love with someone, you don't know this person yet, and you get to know this person. That's what happens when I fall in love with a character, and I want to be this person.''' ,'''Did a man really walk on the moon? I saw plenty of documentaries on it, and I really wondered.''' ,'''What I do is doing movies and sharing movies.''' ,'''If you give me a bass guitar and you ask me to improvise something, or even be with some musicians and follow them, I wouldn't be able to do it. And I want to change that.''' ,'''Usually when I work, I'm totally dedicated to the role, and when I leave the set, I bring some of my character home with me, but I can't bring anyone home with me now because my son would freak out.''' ,'''My parents definitely sparked something in me. I'm sure of it. I saw how happy and fulfilled they were, and I knew I wanted the same job.''' ,'''I'm not a liar.''' ,'''I always want to abandon myself to my characters, and I never knew if I was actually abandoning myself to Lady Macbeth. I was scared to enter the darkness. Almost every day, I would go back home and be like, 'Oh my God, what am I doing?' I had no idea.''' ,'''As a teenager, I didn't want to be me; I wanted to be many different people. Maybe I realized that they all lived inside me and that if I managed to connect with them, they would become aspects of me.''' ,'''I wish sometimes that I could be Daniel Day-Lewis and say, 'You know what? If you want me to do this, I'm going to need a year to prepare myself.' But if I do that, they'll say, 'Thank you very much,' and they'll take someone else.''' ,'''Every story is different, every movie is different, every director is different.''' ,'''When you see yourself on video, you and your friends spending time on vacation, and they take a video, and then you see it, it's really disturbing.''' ,'''I would love to go into an animal's dream - like a lion's or a cat's. I'm sure that's pretty awesome.''' ,'''My parents always told me that if you want something, you can do whatever you have to do to get it. As long as it's not against someone else.''' ,'''You don't sleep anymore, but at the same time, you have this strength that comes from this life that has just arrived. It's a big cliche how your priorities change, but every parent knows that sometimes there's a thunderstorm, and you look at his eyes, and everything is all right. It is a revolution of everything you feel.''' ,'''I don't have a goal.''' ,'''I didn't like anything about myself - my looks, my personality. I was very, very angry.''' ,'''I couldn't live without music. I experienced things through music in different countries where you cannot speak the same language, but the music and the dance relates everything.''' ,'''I was shy. I was more than shy.''' ,'''I'd love to work with Gaultier, and I'm obsessed with Vivienne Westwood.''' ,'''I was born in Paris and raised in the suburbs and then lived in the countryside.''' ,'''I don't stick to special techniques, conscious techniques.''' ,'''I cry watching 'Camille' with Greta Garbo. I have to say that - while it might sound weird - it will be weird, but there is one movie I always laugh in, and at the end of the movie, I always cry, and I saw it, like, 10 times. It's 'Step Brothers.'''' ,'''It was an amazing adventure, it was my dream to be in an American musical... I really hope you are going to love what you are going to see.''' ,'''I never take anything personally when it doesn't concern me.''' ,'''If I just wear something because I feel like myself and I'm comfortable, that's okay - and that goes even for more edgy things. But if I try too much, or if I even try, it doesn't work. It doesn't feel natural, and I feel very uncomfortable.''' ,'''I don't think you learn how to act. You learn how to use your emotions and feelings.''' ,'''I have busy nights.''' ,'''As an actress, I always wanted to do movies, and I never dreamt about doing movies in America just because I didn't think it was possible.''' ,'''There are so many actresses that I love. I think Jennifer Lawrence is a prodigy. I think Elle Fanning is absolutely amazing.''' ,'''When you start a scene, and you don't really know where you're going to go, that's a roller-coaster.''' ,'''I'm affected by the characters I play, and sometimes they're hard to live with.''' ,'''I was very surprised that they would ask a foreign actress to be Lady Macbeth, but I felt it was an opportunity that I couldn't miss. Having the opportunity to play Shakespeare in English - that wouldn't come twice.''' ,'''We need to fight for women's rights, but I don't want to separate women from men. We're separated already because we're not made the same, and it's the difference that creates this energy in creation and love.''' ,'''I couldn't identify with anyone. At school, I was considered very strange. I didn't understand the relationships between people.''' ,'''I'm not a method actor, but I'm affected by the life I share my life with during shooting. It's always a very strange and special period for me.''' ,'''I don't have a favorite process. My favorite process is the right process for the person I am working with. I can fit in any process as long as the director respects who I am and doesn't try to put me in a situation to get something out of me - if I can give it without that situation.''' ,'''It was right after I did Piaf, 'La Vie en Rose'. I started to take singing lessons and finding where I could go.''' ,'''I don't think that I'm that sophisticated. Maybe I'm not aware of it, I don't know.''' ,'''When I was a kid, my dream was to be an actress and to be able to jump from one world to another, to disappear into roles, that people wouldn't recognize me from one movie to another. So I feel very lucky that I have the opportunity to live that dream.''' ,'''I was never really interested in fashion before I started to work with Dior. I didn't see fashion as an art form.''' ,'''In a way, I don't create anything; I just open myself to the character, and the character takes over. Of course, I'm aware of it, and I'm driving it, but I don't try to control it. If I try to control it, it goes wrong.''' ,'''I am not very good at expressing myself in a simple way so it can create mis-understandings and I hate that.''' ,'''I never analyzed whether I had a style or whether I didn't. I wouldn't be able to describe my style or even tell if I have one or not.''' ,'''I always thought that I was a terrible writer. And I started to write songs. And I started to like what I was writing. I think it's a new way for me to express things that are closer to myself than when I play a role because, of course, it's really not me.''' ,'''I've worked with people who wanted to be creative every day: it was like a goal to arrive with something very special. Sometimes it's just disturbing, because special is good when it's needed. But when it's not needed, it's confusing, and you go away from the authenticity by a strong desire to be unique and singular.''' ,'''When I was little, there were so many people in my house. Everyone was enjoying themselves, rehearsing, having fun. It was like a playground.''' ,'''Just doing movies after movies after movies, you're never alone.''' ,'''When you don't have time, especially for a director, you cannot do exactly what you want to do. You have to cut your dream to fit in the movie you're doing.''' ,'''If I wake up during a dream I can usually go back to sleep and finish the story.''' ,''''Do I have a purpose.' Right. And of course you do. Otherwise, you wouldn't be on Earth. I really strongly believe that if we're here, it's for a reason.''' ,'''I'm always very scared when I start a movie because I never know if I'm going to be able to do a good job or do a very bad job.''' ,'''You don't really see yourself doing things, of course, but you feel.''' ,'''I don't live with my role, I'm a really normal person.''' ,'''Toni Collette is one of my favorite. I have a passion for actresses. The list is going to be very, very long.''' ,'''I never dreamt to be a princess in my life; I really dreamt to be an actress, but I dreamt of princesses on screen.''' ,'''When you are abandoned by two parents as a baby - wow, that is something to live with.''' ,'''I think the Earth and everything around it is connected - the sky and the planets and the stars and everything else we see as a mystery.''' ,'''Respect the place you live, be aware of the impact that you have on things.''' ,'''I never thought I'd have the opportunity to visit another culture.''' ,'''I find it easier to play someone who is so far from me because you create someone - you build this person based on the story and the script, with the director.''' ,'''It's pretty refreshing to be in a situation where the spotlight is on someone else.''' ,'''I never look at any pictures of myself on the red carpet. I can't do that.''' ,'''Insecurity is very common among actors. When I started giving interviews and talking to people that I didn't know, it was a nightmare. I've learned how to deal with interviews and insecurity; I've gotten used to it.''' ,'''When you are on set, you are not your best judge because it is hard to step back when you are into the character.''' ,'''I'm able to tell when I'm in a bad place or super-sad and move on. When you're stuck somewhere, you need to change something to shift the energy.''' ,'''When someone would come up to me in the street, I would either run away or burst into tears. I didn't know what to do. I don't think you're ever prepared for this.''' ,'''Before I was a mum, I could live in another dimension, create another world, and it wouldn't bother me if I was not totally available or totally myself. Today I cannot do that anymore.''' ,'''My first kiss was in the geography room, where you put all the maps. I actually don't know how to say it in English.''' ,'''Campaigning and acting aren't compatible. That's why Audrey Hepburn gave up acting. That's why Angelina Jolie will give up. I'm not ready to stop yet.''' ,'''It's always a weird feeling being on the red carpet, but the more I go, the more I try to connect myself to the here and now. And breathe. That's the way I make the experience a good one. If I think too much - if my head is somewhere else because I'm stressed out - it shows.''' ,'''I think that emotion and good stories can cross the times.''' ,'''If you search and search and stop searching, then ultimately you'll find what you need. It is the experience of living.''' ,'''I don't know if I will be acting all my life, honestly.''' ,'''Awards season is not something that I think about. What I enjoy a lot is knowing that people go and see the movie and they love the movie.''' ,'''My team puts forward a selection of dresses, and I choose the one I feel most natural in.''' ,'''I think in friendship, you want to be there for your friend, and sometimes you just don't know what to do or the relationship you have with them is not clear enough for you to know what to do.''' ,'''All of the characters I've had the chance to create are survivors. But we live in a world where surviving makes up most of what we do.''' ,'''It's a paradox to be an actress, living in the city, taking planes all the time, trying to find the right balance in this life, which is not so eco-friendly, and still try to respect the environment.''' ,]
+++