+++
author = "Danielle Steel"
title = "Danielle Steel Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Danielle Steel Quotes"
keywords = "danielle steel,danielle steel quotes,danielle steel quote,danielle steel sayings,danielle steel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Perfume is like a personal signature, which is why I like to mix my own. For years I've paired Femme by Rochas with Shalimar and love the results.''' ,'''I work too hard and don't play enough.''' ,'''I've shut myself inside these walls, and I'm going to be a very lonely old lady if I'm not careful.''' ,'''When people look at me outside, they think, 'She's so lucky,' but no one's exempt from tragedy.''' ,'''If you see the magic in a fairy tale, you can face the future.''' ,'''A book begins with an image or character or situation that I care about deeply.''' ,'''It's difficult to talk to people... I walk into a room and I'm Danielle Steel, and whatever I say is going to be taken apart.''' ,'''My kids are more precious to me than anything. I'm with them all day, and I write all night.''' ,'''I did it at night because I loved it. I never did it to make money, as a job. I just did it because I had to.''' ,'''I always try to write about believable people.''' ,'''The usual way - through a long series of rejections, revising my manuscripts, and kept trying again and again. Finally I was fortunate enough to find a good agent.''' ,'''I want to be Miss Universe when I grow up.''' ,'''I try to write about the stuff that torments us all.''' ,'''It's been very hard, after being mostly a mom, to develop an adult life of my own. And not being married anymore, I have to come up with challenges.''' ,'''Writing is a solitary endeavor, but not a lonely one. When you write, your world is populated by the characters you invent, and you feel those people filling your life.''' ,'''I'm not an aging gracefully type. But I do believe in aging with grace.''' ,'''I'm surprisingly practical in much of my life, but not when it comes to my shoes.''' ,'''Sometimes, if you aren't sure about something, you just have to jump off the bridge and grow your wings on the way down.''' ,'''In my late teenage years, I developed a real passion for it, and wrote a lot of poetry.''' ,'''At the moment, I'm enjoying John Grisham quite a bit.''' ,'''It's hard being visible, so I've made myself invisible.''' ,'''People have entire relationships via text message now, but I am not partial to texting. I need context, nuance and the warmth and tone that can only come from a human voice.''' ,'''The records of adopted children are sealed in California. That seal is considered inviolable... The judge ruled that, because I was famous, he didn't have the same rights as other kids.''' ,'''I believe in love at first sight for houses - but not for people.''' ,'''I am endlessly busy, bringing up five young kids, and trying to keep up with the three older ones. I still spend most of my life driving car pools.''' ,'''I move between San Francisco and Paris... I have a wonderful beach house in California.''' ,'''I grew up with my father, so I know more about cars than most women.''' ,'''I don't buy trends, because the pieces don't last and I wind up never wearing them. That's why I like to shop with my children; they'll always tell me the truth.''' ,'''I wish I were braver, although I try.''' ,'''My relationships were never equitable. My husbands were always older than me, and they made the rules, they ran the show, and I followed them.''' ,'''A bad review is like baking a cake with all the best ingredients and having someone sit on it.''' ,'''I think I'm very real as a person, and that comes across in my work.''' ,'''My early reviews were so bad that I decided I didn't want to read them again.''' ,'''I'm astonished by my success. I wrote because I needed to and wanted to. It never occurred to me that I'd become famous.''' ,'''I studied literature design and fashion design.''' ,'''I like summer. I like warmer weather and long days. I'm one of those silly people who still enjoy lying in the sun - my children are horrified!''' ,'''I once looked like Norman Mailer in a picture with bad lighting.''' ,'''I'm a terribly irresponsible eater - I love soft-boiled eggs and chocolate. I never met a chocolate I could not eat.''' ,'''I wish I were brave, although I try. I work too hard and don't play enough. Too much work ethic, not enough 'fun'.''' ,'''I decided I would never do interviews again.''' ,'''If you can see the magic in a fairytale, you can face the future.''' ,'''I'm probably the most uptight, conservative person you'll meet. I'm very religious.''' ,'''I have these wonderful homes, and no one to share them with.''' ,'''I completed my first novel when I was 19 years old.''' ,'''I wrote because I needed to and wanted to. It never occurred to me that I'd become famous.''' ,'''Lust is temporary, romance can be nice, but love is the most important thing of all. Because without love, lust and romance will always be short-lived.''' ,'''I try to give people hope. Even though life is bleak, there's hope out there.''' ,'''I started writing stories as a child.''' ,'''I don't like grand restaurants or kowtowing waiters. I don't need that kind of attention and I don't want it.''' ,'''People are much more inclined to believe and say bad things about you if you're famous.''' ,'''You can't have nine children and not be organized. Otherwise it just looks like Appalachia.''' ,]
+++