+++
author = "Sami Gayle"
title = "Sami Gayle Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Sami Gayle Quotes"
keywords = "sami gayle,sami gayle quotes,sami gayle quote,sami gayle sayings,sami gayle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm obsessed with those old romance films. I also would love to venture into the silent film world. I think that's extremely compelling and interesting and really relies on the acting, even more so than when you have an actor speaking.''' ,'''I was at a public school until I was in sixth grade when I moved to New York.''' ,'''Actors are seen as celebrities, but they're just real people with families.''' ,'''Working with Adrien Brody was like going to Julliard, but instead of four years, I went for four weeks. He was like the Albert Einstein of professors, it was just the best experience of my life. Adrien was the most influential mentor in my acting career thus far, and even after the movie he continues to mentor me.''' ,'''I had been coming to New York, pretty much once a month, to dance on Broadway. I was offered a huge Broadway show but couldn't do it because my brother was having his huge Bar Mitzvah.''' ,'''I have never gotten a B in my life. I would honestly be mortified if I got a B. I'm so academically driven.''' ,'''I would like to do a romantic comedy, but not a romantic comedy that is cheesy. I want to do an old romantic comedy like 'Roman Holiday' or 'My Fair Lady.'''' ,'''If you have to tell a story without speaking, it's sort of like - I come from a dance background, so it's like a ballet where you have to tell a story with just your body. I think that's really interesting to have to tell a story with just your face and your mannerisms, and I'd like to tap into that world.''' ,'''I'm such a fan of Daniel Waters, who wrote the script, and also Mark Waters, his brother, who directed. 'Vampire Academy' has, I think, an iconic director.''' ,'''I wanted to stay on a career path of the likes of Natalie Portman. I didn't want to be pigeonholed into a certain genre. I sort of believe that slow and steady wins the race.''' ,]
+++