+++
author = "Rena Sofer"
title = "Rena Sofer Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Rena Sofer Quotes"
keywords = "rena sofer,rena sofer quotes,rena sofer quote,rena sofer sayings,rena sofer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been very lucky as an actor. I have worked all the time. Some shows I do, they get cancelled. Some, they're critically acclaimed, and then they get cancelled. And some, I'm in the last season of this or that. But I can't complain about my career.''' ,'''I'm a character actress. It doesn't mean I can't do leading roles; I don't think of myself as a leading lady.''' ,'''I find that when you do yoga, you don't crave unhealthy food. But I try to always let myself eat whatever I want. I have dessert or chocolate every day, but I'll only have a few bites. I try to have a little bit of cereal in the morning, and then I always try to have protein for dinner, too. But I eat pasta and stuff like that.''' ,'''I knew my boyfriend was going to ask me to marry him. And I was sure the ring was going to be exceptional, and I bought him a Rolex Explorer. And I engraved 'yes' on it. And when he proposed, I gave him the watch.''' ,'''For a clean makeup finish, I use Cle de Peau translucent pressed powder.''' ,'''I'm one of those few actresses who works all the time, and even though I haven't done a show that literally puts me on some kind of map - as in, that's how I'm known and that's how I'll always be known - I'm very lucky.''' ,'''I think '24' is a more mature audience, whereas 'Heroes' is a little bit younger. But I have to say, neither one is child friendly. My daughter doesn't get to watch either show!''' ,'''There are many actors who, whatever they do, they pretty much play themselves.''' ,'''Everybody asks, 'How do you do it?' And I'm like, 'Well, I'm recurring on both shows, so the reality is, I can do both shows.' And that's the best position to be in. And 'Heroes' just asked me to come back and do more. So once I stop airing on '24' for a little while, I'll be on 'Heroes,' and then I'll be back on '24.'''' ,'''When I buy clothes, I like to buy them in outfits so I know they go together. I like a very simple, natural style. I never like to be the attention getter; I like to come under the radar and be cool about my look, very classic and stylish. I'm not into fads.''' ,'''I think that when Michelle Pfeiffer goes out, she's exactly what I aspire to be - she always looks beautiful and sexy, but she never looks like she's trying to be the center of attention.''' ,]
+++