+++
author = "Shweta Menon"
title = "Shweta Menon Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 Shweta Menon Quotes"
keywords = "shweta menon,shweta menon quotes,shweta menon quote,shweta menon sayings,shweta menon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Beauty contests are only a mirage where all you have to do is look pretty all the time.''' ,'''My ambition is to work in quality projects and make a name for myself.''' ,'''Paradesi' remains close to my heart because Amina ages in the course of the film and I got to essay her life on screen.''' ,'''I just want to lose weight and get back to being my usual self. There's too much flesh.''' ,'''As parents, we must value the decisions of our kids even though they are young. If they say no to something even if we force them, we must respect their decision.''' ,'''I joined 'Veruthe Alla Bharya' in 2011, when I got married to Sreevalsan. Later, when I became a mother, I was offered the children's show, 'Katturumbu.'''' ,'''I did my first film when I was 14. I did not take films seriously. It was just a time pass for me then.''' ,'''I never planned to become an actor.''' ,'''Sexuality and sensuality exists in every women, along with innocence, and I have represented only those through my characters.''' ,'''The film 'Kaliman' is about the various travails a woman undergoes. Since giving birth to a child tops the list and I was pregnant as well, I accepted the role.''' ,'''But I believe in destiny and strongly feel that certain things are meant to happen and so they will happen.''' ,'''I only want to be a versatile actor.''' ,'''I'd love to do more Tamil films; unfortunately, I don't get any substantial roles.''' ,'''I entered a beauty contest on the insistence of my friends, and even before I knew it, I was in the finals and chosen Gladrags Super Model.''' ,'''I never had a boundary as an actor and I am open to interesting scripts.''' ,''''Varmathiye' is a song that can touch your hearts.''' ,'''I was amazed by the kind of preparation Hollywood actors do for their roles.''' ,'''Magazines started insinuating that I was having affairs with my co-stars. That hurt.''' ,'''I have always believed that I have chutzpah that a lot of girls wish they had, and I am proud of that.''' ,'''To be on a sound footing, one must have one's perceptions of life clear, and a strong foundation. That is all that ultimately matters, not only in modelling, but in other professions as well.''' ,'''I am honest in what I do and I think people respond to that honestly.''' ,'''In acting, while you play different roles, you begin to discover yourself and begin to notice life as you relate to the characters you represent.''' ,'''I would like to have the best of both worlds and still enjoy doing fashion shows and shooting for commercials.''' ,'''Perhaps, over the years, I have become less immature and more professional.''' ,'''I believe that communication is the key to a happy and successful family in our society.''' ,'''I am no different from so many professionals who go on maternity leave only towards the end of their pregnancy.''' ,'''It would be interesting to get into two different get ups and play diverse characters.''' ,'''I think that the child in me is ever dominant, but that doesn't make me less of a woman.''' ,'''Usually viewers are attached to a character or that character's personality. But, in my case, I have been exceptionally lucky as I have been accepted as Shweta.''' ,'''When you have a strong support system, you have the freedom to express yourself in whatever capacity you can.''' ,'''I love meeting new people.''' ,'''Enacting the role of an investigative officer was like living my childhood dream!''' ,'''I can not forget the moment when I first saw my baby and touched her. My husband Srivatsan was with me in the labour room and his presence energised me.''' ,'''Even silence is so articulate at times.''' ,'''I am also lucky that I can forget about any character I do within 24 hours. I can laugh heartily within minutes of doing a crying scene.''' ,'''I had started modelling and doing ramp shows. Then I signed the 'Kama Sutra' campaign. Overnight I became known as this sexy, hot chick.''' ,'''I want to do a good, high-tech-commercial-action film. Something along the lines of Bollywood's 'Dhoom.'''' ,'''I have realised that baby care needs a lot of time management.''' ,'''I was a big fan of 'Bigg Brother' and 'Bigg Boss Hindi.' Hence, I decided to enter the show.''' ,'''My doctor told me that pregnancy is not a disease but something that has to be enjoyed. So, I wanted to enjoy every moment of my pregnancy and I did that.''' ,'''My producers and directors are pampering me like crazy. I don't mind being pregnant forever.''' ,'''When I became Miss India Asia-Pacific in 1994, I was a small town girl from Calicut. If I could make it, then wow, anyone could.''' ,'''When film director T.K. Rajeevkumar cast me in the role of the iconic Rathi in the new edition of 'Rathinirvedam,' I had no idea it was such a cult film.''' ,'''From conception to delivery, it has been a great experience. I was determined to give a natural birth.''' ,'''I never wanted to become an actress. I come from an air force background.''' ,'''I love that I am being offered films but I just couldn't do the 'cotton sari-strong woman' role again. As an artiste, there is nothing more I can offer there.''' ,'''I too had the usual insecurities. I wanted a good house and a healthy bank balance. But I never got cowed down.''' ,'''After I became Miss India, I was offered films.''' ,'''I believe that success either comes overnight or slowly, but steadily.''' ,'''I don't choose characters according to looks. I'm comfortable doing both glamorous and non-glamorous roles.''' ,'''There is nothing private about delivering a child with doctors and nurses surrounding you.''' ,'''I know awards give great responsibilities and audience will certainly expect more from you.''' ,'''I love dancing but acting is a passion.''' ,'''Not only is my husband the most encouraging partner, he is more demanding than me when it comes to films, wanting me to do better roles.''' ,'''I would like to believe that all the roles I have portrayed so far - no matter how significant or insignificant they are - have been appreciated by the audience.''' ,'''What is important to me is the mileage a particular role I depict gets on the silver screen.''' ,]
+++