+++
author = "Virginia Madsen"
title = "Virginia Madsen Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Virginia Madsen Quotes"
keywords = "virginia madsen,virginia madsen quotes,virginia madsen quote,virginia madsen sayings,virginia madsen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I spend a lot of time at my son's school and I really wanted to do a movie that the kids could see. The good thing about being my age and not having to be the ingenue anymore is that I get to be a mom. I get to have kids in my movies.''' ,'''Our audience is all the girls who made Britney a huge star. Those are the girls who bought the book. I didn't read the book at first. I read the script just to see what I would think of the script and I really liked it.''' ,'''Men, we don't need you to be a knight in shining armor. We just need you to be a little bit brave, just a little bit. And some of them are, and that's what he does.''' ,'''I have good genes. My father is Danish and my mother is Irish and Native American. They both have good skin.''' ,'''I hope Britney doesn't get bummed out that Lindsey is a better singer. It is not Lindsey saying it, it's me. Lindsey would never say that. She's an actress first. It's just a bonus that she can dance and sing.''' ,'''You know, we're not on stage, we're not doing a play, so we don't have a relationship with the audience but going through that process and also just hearing how much people love the film, you feel like you do have a relationship with the audience.''' ,'''To me it meant, just looking at it from a Maya point of view, it meant that Paul Miles is always moving laterally in his life. And she just wants him to take a couple of steps forward, you know?''' ,]
+++