+++
author = "Jim Boeheim"
title = "Jim Boeheim Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jim Boeheim Quotes"
keywords = "jim boeheim,jim boeheim quotes,jim boeheim quote,jim boeheim sayings,jim boeheim saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A coach coaches. That's what he does. That's what he's good at. He's not managing people. He manages his players, but that's different.''' ,'''It's a myth that I run things at Syracuse University.''' ,'''If I could hire a coach in this country and I could get Tony Bennett, there would be nobody in second place. Nobody.''' ,'''You have to show high school players that fans care about your program, that they're gonna be at the games. I think that's a huge key to success in college basketball.''' ,'''There are different psychologies that different coaches have.''' ,'''Great scorers tend to think they can score against anybody.''' ,'''You give hundreds, probably thousands of speeches in this business, but you only get one chance to make an acceptance speech at the Hall of Fame. That's pressure.''' ,'''They don't work with you to get better in the NBA. Either you're ready or you're out and you go to the G-League or Europe.''' ,'''Klay Thompson stands out. He's just a tough kid.''' ,'''I speak my mind on everything. I'm not reluctant.''' ,'''The NBA has never drafted a player for defense. At any position, even at center.''' ,'''I never said I'm unhappy about going to the ACC. I'm unhappy the Big East broke up. That's a completely different thing than saying I'm unhappy about going to the ACC.''' ,'''I mean, it's very difficult up there in the NBA.''' ,'''I've always felt like a guy where the grass is greener on my side of the fence.''' ,'''When you can't be loyal to your friends, I don't like that world.''' ,'''The national championship for Syracuse in 2003 will always be the high-water mark for me. That was my alma mater, my team, my players, our fans. That remains the top experience of my basketball life.''' ,'''The thing is 3,900 out of 4,000 college basketball players are very happy to have a scholarship. They're happy. They've got a $70,000 scholarship and they've got money in their pocket. It's the other hundred guys and they're all going to make money playing basketball and the top guys are going to make a lot of money.''' ,'''There should be some civility when it comes to being president of the United States.''' ,'''I kind of like the idea of just coaching, nothing else. But I just think some coaches are better suited for college than the NBA. I believe I'm one of those guys. I think Tom Izzo is one of those guys. Mike Krzyzewski. I think they found the right jobs and they've stayed with them.''' ,'''It's always important when you play in a tournament that they have a basketball court and an arena.''' ,'''Unfortunately, in our business, it's all about the tournament when you're a good team.''' ,'''Katie Ledecky is the best swimmer in the world. You could say she's impressive with what she can do in a pool.''' ,'''I'm not trying to make a big deal out of this. It's just the things Donald Trump says are crazy. You can't say those things. You shouldn't say those things.''' ,'''I first came to the Garden when I was a sophomore in college. The old, old Garden.''' ,'''Syracuse, New York, is like Hawaii for eight months of the year. The other four months, I don't care about the weather because we're playing basketball.''' ,'''The only thing that matters in college basketball is going to the Final Four.''' ,'''College, our job is to get guys to get better. Work hard, get better and be in position so when your time comes you get to play in the NBA.''' ,'''You can't put pressure on yourself. You've just got to go out and play.''' ,'''A lot of coaches get involved in a lot of different things - car dealerships and restaurants and all kinds of things. I've never really done that.''' ,'''I never have been in Bernie Fine's hotel room in my life.''' ,'''I don't think we should put a number on how long you should coach or how old you should be. It should be illegal. Go as long as you can do a good job. It shouldn't be an age thing.''' ,'''I loved Jud Heathcote.''' ,'''I know every year what my players get and what courses they get them in. I get a report every semester. What course. What grades.''' ,'''I think we can benefit from being in the ACC. It's a great basketball league. If anything, it helps our recruiting.''' ,'''The facts are, when we played here, we were treated better in Greensboro than any other tournament venue.''' ,'''Every Olympics, they make a big deal out of something - security... traffic... pollution... something - and it really doesn't come true. For me, there's never been a problem.''' ,'''I've always felt like I was a college coach and I was a college coach for Syracuse. It just felt like the right thing.''' ,'''I don't do a lot of things business-wise. For the most part, I focus on what my job is and do that.''' ,'''I live in the moment. I try to win as many games as I can in any given year. That's what I've always tried to do. But I don't dwell on the past games. That doesn't help you win games now. If that helped win games now, I'd dwell on them.''' ,'''If you can get in trouble for supporting a friend you've known for almost 50 years, I don't want to live in that country.''' ,'''I'm a competitor. I like to win games. I like basketball and I like to win games.''' ,'''The thing I hate about writers is they want to state their case and they use false information.''' ,'''No head coach does it by himself. I don't care who the coach is or how great he might be. Mike Krzyzewski is is a great friend of mine and he's a great coach but he has great, great assistant coaches and they bring a lot to the table and that's what it takes.''' ,'''It's not harder to make a couple extra substitutions. That's not hard. You get different things when you make changes, you gain things and you lose things. But overall, if you gain things, that's why you play extra guys.''' ,'''We want every guy to graduate, and we work very hard on that.''' ,'''Each Olympics is different with their own great parts to it.''' ,'''I don't love playing zone all the time, because it does have an effect on your offense.''' ,'''I would be shocked if Tom Izzo left Michigan State.''' ,'''You have to have great players and great coaches working with you.''' ,'''I'd never switch to man-to-man unless we were able to play good man-to-man. Ever.''' ,'''When you take over at Kansas, they've always won, so you're expected to win.''' ,'''You don't play extra guys just to play them. You play 'em because they can help you in some way.''' ,'''As you get older, you should be better at coaching. You learn your lessons. You keep thinking and learning about it, you should be better than you.''' ,'''No coach can really survive very well in this business without support from his family and friends.''' ,'''I don't know if I could have made it as an NBA player. But I knew I could make it as a coach.''' ,'''You've got to understand, every kid in college basketball, if you ask them where they want to play a game, in the NBA or college, they will tell you Madison Square Garden, a huge percentage.''' ,'''I grew up in the Big East Conference for 30 years. We were a conference that was nothing. We were a bunch of schools thrown together and within five years we were one of the top two basketball conferences in the country.''' ,'''Mike D'Antoni is one of the best offensive coaches in the whole game of basketball, by far.''' ,'''The thing is, I'm a sports junkie.Everybody knows that. I could watch any of this stuff - track and field... anything - and really enjoy it.''' ,'''I've said some things that are a little bit off the wall, but I don't run away and hide from them.''' ,'''If you look at the terrorist attacks around the world, they're in places where there is no security - a club or a movie theater or wherever.''' ,'''To stay in one time zone and play in a great conference - a great all-around conference, but, specifically, a great basketball conference - is a great thing.''' ,'''I hate losing more than I like winning.''' ,'''We guard the shooter. A lot of guys shoot way behind the 3-point line. We guard where the shooter is, not where the line is.''' ,'''Georgetown is still Georgetown. They have got a tremendous name and recognition. They are in a great area and have a great school.''' ,'''I've seen countless situations where I've been around him where he always does the right thing, 100 percent of the time. Tom Izzo would never do the wrong thing. And anybody that thinks other than that, they don't know Tom Izzo. I know him.''' ,'''Coaching people, people act differently, respond differently, hear things differently from different people.''' ,'''Roy Williams has been a great coach every game since the beginning at Kansas.''' ,'''The Final Four is what we play for. That's what we're trying to do. That's what's important.''' ,'''You can lose a coach every once in a while. You really need to keep an athletic director because you need a guy that's there consistently for as long a time period as possible because he's managing everybody. He affects everybody and when he leaves, he affects everybody.''' ,'''If you say something you have to take responsibility for it.''' ,'''The NBA is going to do what they want to do. They're going to do what's best for them; not what's best for us.''' ,'''I think the only thing to consider is do you want to try to coach in the NBA and for me it never was an issue. I never really had that desire.''' ,'''I've had good players in my time. I really have.''' ,'''I never really thought that I was going to get out of coaching ever. In my fifth year, I thought I might get out. You have those thoughts in any job. But I never really, really thought I was going to get out.''' ,'''I don't think Harvard was punished when Bill Gates left early. I don't think they were. I don't think he did too badly.''' ,'''I love Charles Barkley, he's a good friend of mine and he's a funny guy. He knows nothing about college basketball. Less than nothing.''' ,'''The ACC is a great league.''' ,'''I don't think we should ever compensate players. I think we can do as much as we can for players. The cost of attendance is good. They get more meals now so they can keep their meal money. I think those are all good things and I think more of those things should have been done. But I don't think you can compensate players straight out.''' ,'''I'm happy that we've won a lot of games. I don't think about it. I don't.''' ,'''I don't like change that much.''' ,'''If you go to the Final Four, you can lose 20 games and it doesn't matter.''' ,'''I knew I could hang on in the NBA, but I wasn't going to play.''' ,'''I like coaching.''' ,'''It's college basketball and there's a certain amount of uncertainty. As an assistant coach, you do the best job you can to win.''' ,'''It's one thing to play through injuries, quite another to play well through injuries.''' ,'''When you take over at Wisconsin, nobody's ever won there, nobody expects you to win and that's when it's really hard to do. And Bo Ryan won there, consistently.''' ,'''I'm not Joe Paterno. Somebody didn't come and tell me Bernie Fine did something and I'm hiding it.''' ,'''At 67, you are what you are. I think it's too late to change much.''' ,'''It's so much harder to make the NBA than people think it is.''' ,'''Against our zone, even really good offensive teams take longer than usual to get into their patterns, maybe 30 seconds. So we're locked into playing defense for that long... it's hard to run on offense after you've been hunkering down on D for that long.''' ,'''Why did Donald Trump become president? I don't know.''' ,'''I've learned to accept death better than most people.''' ,'''I didn't work out from 30 to 68. I just started working out when I turned 68.''' ,'''You've got to work your way into the NBA. Guys like Seth Curry, it took him a couple years in the G-League.''' ,'''Greensboro's mad at me because I said I'd rather go to New York City for a week. Why would they be mad at me? Are they that parocial. I didn't say Greensboro wasn't a nice place. It's a very nice place. But if I had a choice for a week where I would go and ask somebody in North Carolina where they rather go for a week - Greensboro or New York City?''' ,'''I've always felt in life, you get a lot of things you have to overcome.''' ,'''If we can lose 12 games every year and go to the Final Four every year, I'll take it. I'd rather do that than win 30 and not go to the Final Four.''' ,'''All the way through my high school and college there was never a doubt in anybody's mind the ACC was the best conference.''' ,'''You can't try a man-to-man if you don't practice it.''' ,]
+++