+++
author = "Rashad Evans"
title = "Rashad Evans Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Rashad Evans Quotes"
keywords = "rashad evans,rashad evans quotes,rashad evans quote,rashad evans sayings,rashad evans saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Getting the title shot was huge.''' ,'''I had just graduated from Michigan State and I was working at a hospital. I was a security guard, I worked at night. Part of my job was putting bodies in the morgue and doing that kind of thing. I used to put bodies in the morgue and take them out. When I got done doing that at the hospital, in the morning I would work out before I went to sleep.''' ,'''Sometimes when you open your mouth you show what you're afraid of more than anything.''' ,'''I've trained with real, world-class wrestlers.''' ,'''I don't really think about the title, to be honest with you. I'm just going to go in there and fight. I'm a proud champion, but at the same time I'm not really fighting for the belt. I'm fighting because I love to fight and don't wanna lose and I don't like to lose.''' ,'''I was just so rambunctious as a little kid. It started because I hung out with my older brothers and their friends. I always had to fight to prove I was tough.''' ,'''I like getting booed.''' ,'''I kind of did mixed martial arts as a hobby. At the time I was actually wanting to become a police officer as I was working in a hospital as a security job in Michigan. It was something I did in my off time.''' ,'''You've got so many guys coming up and putting in work, and everybody wants to be in my position, so I gotta be paranoid and think that if I'm not producing, if I'm not going out there and winning fights and winning impressively, I'm gonna be replaced.''' ,'''Yeah, I miss that feeling of knocking somebody clean out. There's nothing like it when you go into a fight and you just take 'em up out of there with just one punch. It's just the best feeling in the world.''' ,'''I will always find something to challenge myself. I will go up to heavyweight or down to middleweight.''' ,'''At one point in my life, I felt as if fighting was everything. It was everything. I put life second.''' ,'''One thing you understand quickly as a fighter is that you're not punching with eight or 10 oz. Gloves. We've got 4 oz. gloves. It only takes one good shot for a fight to be over.''' ,'''I come from nothing. Growing up I didn't really have too much, and I can tap into that anytime that I want to and just remember how bad things were for me growing up and just knowing that I never want to go back there and I don't want my kids to go through it.''' ,'''Coming into community college, I wasn't sure of where I wanted to go in my future.''' ,'''The results of anything are equal to how persistent you are with it, so if you're persistent and dedicate yourself to working out, you'll get bigger results.''' ,'''I never want to get content. I never want to think that I'm at a certain spot and I'm gonna stay there, because this organization's hard to stay in, and this is the wrong place to get complacent in.''' ,'''I've had some real hard setbacks in this sport and I learned to realize that you can't really build who you are on what people say. That's ultimately building your foundation in sand.''' ,'''Of course I expect to be booed. People always have to find the bad guy, and for some reason, the look on my face or something, people just want to boo me. That's fine.''' ,'''But if you look at a fight, it is anything but comfortable. So when you're fighting tough guys and you're not willing to go out of your comfort zone, you lose.''' ,'''I enjoy the whole aspect of training with different people.''' ,'''The UFC is not a place for the feint of heart.''' ,'''MMA embodies a lot of disciplines of sports with footwork and with football, especially with the punching technique you get the hand and eye coordination.''' ,'''I'm one of those athletes, I compete better for coaches that I have a lot of love and respect for.''' ,'''I'm never gonna please the haters, and I'm not gonna try to.''' ,'''I'm the guy that everybody wants to hate.''' ,'''Being tough is probably the biggest thing that NFL players are known for, having that kind of toughness.''' ,'''I wanted to play football, and my football coach told me if I wanted to be a football player, I should wrestle. That's why I started to wrestle.''' ,'''MMA was love at fight sight. I felt like I was born to do it.''' ,'''Money comes and goes. I may make a million dollars, then get a divorce and damn near lose all of it.''' ,'''I've always felt that I had to go out and prove myself in every fight.''' ,'''Having a chance to fight for a title is a once-in-a-lifetime chance, and I consider myself to be very lucky that I got two chances.''' ,'''All the losses that I had, I think they were important, just because it helped me grow as a fighter, helped me grow as a person.''' ,'''If you fight a hungry fighter and you look into their eyes and you're not as hungry as they are, that's when you get eaten up.''' ,'''I believe I can beat Anderson Silva, and I believe that the skills that I have is something he'd have hard time dealing with, but to compete against the guy, first and foremost, would be an honor in and of itself.''' ,'''Keith Jardine pushes me the hardest because we're in the same weight class and we get competitive with each other, we make sure we're in shape and ready to compete.''' ,'''I try to stay away from high sodium and high sugar.''' ,'''I want to train with whoever is the best.''' ,'''When you violate a pact, there's no way I can ever work with you again.''' ,'''Whoever I have to face has to feel the wrath.''' ,'''I won't fight Thiago Silva. I won't fight Cezar 'Mutante' Ferreira. I won't fight anybody who I train with.''' ,'''I'm always interested to watch Chris Leben fight. He just fights from a different place.''' ,'''Rampage's footwork is atrocious. His boxing is slipping. He doesn't take the fight game seriously.''' ,'''It was really difficult being away from MMA because it's been a way of life for me for 13 years. But being on the outside and coaching helps you sharpen your skills because you have to explain what you do, why things work and why other things don't.''' ,'''When I fight, part of the swagger that I had when I used to fight on the street comes out. When I fought on the street, I used to try to embarrass someone for even wanting to fight me.''' ,'''I got Rampage's style down so good I am even wearing my dog's chain!''' ,'''I'm open to fighting at 185 or 205 pounds, but I think I need to give this 185-pound run a real, honest crack. Being at this weight class has definitely made me into a different fighter.''' ,'''I grew up so poor and now I have an opportunity to provide for my family in a way that I never imagined. I take that in consideration and try to exploit every single opportunity because when it's over it's over, there are no redos.''' ,'''The same people that boo you are the same people who will ask you for a picture an an autograph.''' ,'''Chicago is like a New York City. It's one of the those older cities. It really means something to fight there.''' ,'''I feel like I can beat Jon Jones. I see some things in his game that I can capitalize on.''' ,'''I don't want to go out losing. But at the same time, it's what I need. It's what I need to do because I feel like I have other things in life that are calling me to do, to go to.''' ,'''My momma told me a long time ago, 'not everybody has to like you.' And it's very true. I'm ok with that.''' ,'''Sometimes it doesn't always say Niagara Falls there, but you better believe, I represent Niagara Falls every time I step in the octagon.''' ,'''My wife is married to a part-time husband. That's hard to do. The kids get the short end of the stick, too.''' ,'''Eric Knuutila had a big impact on my wrestling career.''' ,'''For me I think the pressure Chael Sonnen brings is hard to match with his offense, takedowns, ground and pound, hand in the face and dropping elbows and shots. It kind of wears down a fighter.''' ,'''You know, MMA doesn't need New York, New York needs MMA. And I say that with all due respect to New York.''' ,'''It's like when your parents tell you what to do, but it's not until you go through it yourself that you see why they said what they said. Sometimes you just have to go through things in life to become a better person.''' ,'''Yeah, I like going away for camp. It brings out the savagery.''' ,'''I remember the first time I fought somebody with a name and that was Tito Ortiz. I didn't start fighting until like the second round because I was like, 'Oh my God, that's Tito Ortiz. That's Tito Ortiz from TV. Look how big his head is, damn.'''' ,'''If you grow up with a wrestling coach, you learn differently. If you were late, everything was about push-ups and laps around the gym. I once said, 'Am I on a wrestling team or a damn track team?' That resulted in me running for the entire practice. It gives you a certain mentality.''' ,'''I was a rowdy boy growing up.''' ,'''Being relaxed allowed me to fight the way I'm capable of fighting.''' ,'''For the last 14 years or so, I've been a fighter for so long I kind of forgot what it's like to not have this as my biggest form of expression of who I am.''' ,'''Jon has always been able to start off at a certain pace but then pick it up throughout the fight and then, at the end of the fight, his opponents are like, 'Damn, this guy is at another level.' I think that's what makes Jon Jones, Jon Jones.''' ,'''You want your workout to sneak up on you. That's when you get the best results.''' ,'''Everyone's talking about Phil Davis and what he did in college. It's an accomplishment to win an NCAA title. I don't want to discredit that. But I believe if I would have wrestled him in college, I would have beat him.''' ,'''I'm not really too worried about the mystique of Jon Jones. Because I know Jon Jones' core. I remember when Jon Jones used to come up to me and say, 'Hey man, what's it like when everybody wants to take pictures with you?' So I know Jon Jones.''' ,'''The hardest thing in the world is to watch someone you love really not be able to get themselves together and really struggle on a level so bad when it seems and it appears that they have it all.''' ,'''True wealth is not measured by how much money you've got in the bank or how many toys you've got. Some of the happiest people in the world don't have a crying quarter, but they've got all the things that mean a lot to them.''' ,'''When I'm training for a fight, I'm not the same person that I normally am when I'm at home. I'm always thinking about fighting. I'm doing it day in and day out. Pretty soon, my personality starts to change. My temper's a little bit shorter, I don't have a lot of patience for a lot of things.''' ,'''I didn't really realize that I could make it into a career until midway through the 'Ultimate Fighter' show when I started beating guys who had been training in the sport for a really long time.''' ,'''When I go in and fight, I'm not the same guy who is sitting in front of you, who is meeting the fans or anything like that. It's like a split personality.''' ,'''There's a lot of reasons I didn't perform the way I could have in college. Going to college, I was a new parent, I lived in another state. I just wasn't mentally into it when I was in college.''' ,'''I love Chuck Liddell. Chuck Liddell is a good friend of mine, actually.''' ,'''When you have a training relationship, it's not about winning, it's about making each other better and helping each other.''' ,'''Only thing I care about, the only thing I think about is the fight in front of me.''' ,'''I took so many years off my fighting career arguing with Dana, trying to get a fight with Shogun Rua, not trying to fight this guy, trying to do all this stuff. At the end of the day, it didn't really matter much. I just lost time.''' ,'''I give a lot of credit to my training partners and to my coaches. Both Greg Jackson and Michael Winklejohn are amazing.''' ,'''It's sad because I worked so hard to be able to provide for my kids and give them a better life than I ever had for myself but I can't give them the one thing which they really need more than anything, and that's me.''' ,'''It's good to be able to feel appreciated and to be able to know that your efforts and the impact in the sport meant something.''' ,'''I definitely think you should have wrestling in schools.''' ,'''How many other people get a chance to be remembered forever? And that's what I really want. I want to be remembered forever.''' ,'''I really worked hard to get myself in shape, just from a physical standpoint when you're able to bring your body down and have the discipline to get into shape the way I was, it's really a spiritual journey as well.''' ,'''And at the end of the day as an athlete you have to be coachable. And being coachable is a humbling thing.''' ,'''If you're not chasing gold, you're not really in a place where you should be competing.''' ,'''I pretty much focus on all the main styles out there, karate, wrestling, boxing, jiujitsu, just pretty much anything within MMA.''' ,'''Ring rust is real. I've experienced it myself.''' ,'''I wouldn't have won anything without Bill Dixon.''' ,'''I've been working on my ground game, my jiu jitsu, and my standup as well. Those are areas where I feel like really needs to be cleaned up and areas I know that I can get better.''' ,'''I like to have a lot of time to be able to format what I want to do, and how I'm going to do my training camp. When you're doing a camp on short notice, it makes everything else suffer.''' ,'''Working at the hospital, there was a lot of starchy food. I was in good with the lunch lady, so she would hook me up with all kinds of macaroni and cheese and potatoes and that kind of food. I would eat it all night to the part where I hated food. I got pretty big.''' ,'''Wrestling is one of the earliest and oldest martial arts there is.''' ,'''I went to Michigan State because a coach I was being recruited by told me if I go to Michigan State, I wouldn't start. I didn't like the boundaries he put on me. He was probably trying to look out for my best interests, but at the time I took it kind of personal. Not only did I start, but I made captain.''' ,'''Eric Knuutila was one of those coaches who I could tell who cared, who went the extra mile, who made sure that it wasn't just about getting me on the mat and wrestling.''' ,'''The only way I'm going out is unconscious. I'm not a quitter.''' ,'''I didn't grow up with my father in my life, and that bred a resentment in me, and it bred a mentality in me that made me very angry.''' ,'''You can have the best college wrestling in the world, but you can have terrible MMA wrestling.''' ,'''When people are overlooking somebody like Phil Davis, it's a dangerous thing.''' ,]
+++