+++
author = "Judith Tarr"
title = "Judith Tarr Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Judith Tarr Quotes"
keywords = "judith tarr,judith tarr quotes,judith tarr quote,judith tarr sayings,judith tarr saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Yes, I do have a soft spot for complicated villains who can't help themselves.''' ,'''So much of our fictional medievalism is distorted through a lens of Protestantism and the Reformation, slanted even further through Victorian anti-Catholicism. The depiction of actual medieval attitudes toward the Church is remarkably rare.''' ,'''A baby writer should take inspiration from her predecessors but also find ways to tell her own stories in her own way.''' ,'''The Seventies were an interesting time to be a reader or writer of fantasy. Tolkien was the great master. Lin Carter was resurrecting wonders of British and American fantasy from the early twentieth century in his Ballantine Adult Fantasy Series.''' ,'''Most science fiction is based on our knowledge now and uses that to project the future.''' ,'''Magic is what it is, and those who work it can be male or female; it doesn't matter. What matters is power.''' ,'''It's sad when a woman writing fantasy in the United States in the 1970s has less actual feminist cred than Sir Walter Scott.''' ,'''I like going back in time and writing historical fantasy. I use some real historical characters as a background to give depth to the fantasy. And I throw my fictional characters into the midst of this, and, so far, it has turned out interesting.''' ,'''Rawn did her own thing in her own way. She cast the female gaze on a genre heavy with all-male quest fellowships, trophy females, and the occasional Smurfette. Her world was male-dominated and highly patriarchal, but she populated it with notable numbers of well-drawn female characters.''' ,'''Separation of Church and state was a radical idea when the U.S. was first founded, but it's become The Way Things Are.''' ,'''Some books are a revelation. They come along at just the right time for just the right reasons. They become heart books and soul books.''' ,'''The more facts one introduces, the more truth one shows, the more determined the bigot is to cling to his belief.''' ,'''Women in the post-Fifties world were appendages. They existed to serve men. Their lives and concerns didn't matter, except insofar as they impinged on Important Male Things.''' ,]
+++