+++
author = "Brandon Boyd"
title = "Brandon Boyd Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Brandon Boyd Quotes"
keywords = "brandon boyd,brandon boyd quotes,brandon boyd quote,brandon boyd sayings,brandon boyd saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I learned from a very young age that if I pursued the things that truly excited me, that they would reward in more important ways, like happiness.''' ,'''Music has to be written while people are still excited about a particular melodic or rhythmic sequence. The idea doesn't come out the same if we're not really excited about it.''' ,'''I follow a dairy-free and gluten-free diet, which can be challenging in some places.''' ,'''Big Brother is watching... look busy.''' ,'''Men have a lot less to write about, unless you're somebody like Tom Waits or John Lennon. And the female voice is much more suited to melody. Men have this barky thing - we're domesticated apes with a microphone.''' ,'''I'm sure we'll be Tweetin' up the Twitosphere as we travel around the world playing music.''' ,'''Music is a lot more like solving an intricate puzzle with moments of pure, random creative bliss... whereas painting is much more purely random creative bliss with moments of problem solving.''' ,'''I am here on Earth to express myself, and the many media of art are my magic carpets that allow me the freedom to do so.''' ,'''I think that there is something beautiful about mortality. It makes our decisions mean more.''' ,'''I actually believe 'Sustainability', as a concept, is one of the arteries leading to the heart of so many of our cultural transitions at play today. And it's this concept which leads me to bottled water, and its multibillion dollar industry.''' ,'''When we make records, it's hard to pinpoint one thing that inspires a record. It's usually a number of different things that lead to inspiration or wanting to write something down and share it with someone.''' ,'''There are five known gyres spinning around in our world's oceans. A gyre is a slowly moving spiral of currents created by a high pressure system of air currents. A spinning soup, so to speak, is made of what exists in the water. And in this case, the gyres are spinning with millions of tons of our discarded and forgotten about plastic waste!''' ,'''I feel like a little kid who just walked into a candy store. I think that's something to smile about.''' ,'''I get out on my bike almost every day. If I can't walk somewhere, I'll bike or skateboard.''' ,'''I think that what most artists are trying to do is trying to understand. I think what distinguishes creative people and/or artists from another type of person is perhaps a willingness to go headlong into that uncertainty.''' ,'''There are many ways to experience love. It can feel like a knife in your back, or it can feel like you're being lifted up by winged creatures towards a beautiful blinding light.''' ,'''I suggest we learn to love ourselves before it's made illegal.''' ,'''To me, it's like the difference between a pen and a paintbrush. Music draws from almost the identical place as art does, which really is that intangible - it's like you're pulling from the ether. I don't know where it comes from. Nobody really does. It sort of arrives when it wants to.''' ,'''No one's played on the moon yet. No one's played in zero gravity. Some bands have played at the Pyramids of Giza, but we'd very much like to do that in the near future.''' ,'''As a surfer, I am interested in the ocean. And I am concerned and interested in all of these natural and cultural rumblings underfoot as well.''' ,'''Art is everywhere, and everywhere is art.''' ,'''I am tapping into a place in you that is unexplored, and very dangerous, but I think essential to the creative life of an artist.''' ,'''Music has always been my back door to life. It is important for people to find something that excites them. I like the concept that if you do what excites you, you will be rewarded generously, whatever form reward takes, which is not necessarily money.''' ,'''Drawing and visual pursuits were first. Music came and found me in a way. Really, what it's about is creative problem solving, and music is a lot more an expression of that than painting is for me.''' ,'''It's great to want to be part of something, but it's a different thing completely to believe wholly in some type of movement, and to give everything for that something.''' ,'''It's been really interesting watching people's reactions to the new music, to the old music and also watching how modern young people will be standing in front of something going on like live music, and there's a camera in front of their face.''' ,'''The girl I find who wants to talk about quantum theory in a bar is the one I want to marry.''' ,'''We are very fortunate to live in this country, but at the same time, the reason the forces are so much more destructive here is because they are faceless.''' ,'''Being an artist for my well being and as a living, I live in a place of observance and interest in what I consider to be the most relevant questions.''' ,'''I've actually thought very little about solo work up until just very recently. Most of it is because in my band, Incubus, it is very much a collaborative effort. I do what I do in the band, and everyone plays their respective parts, but in the end, we are sort of a democratic process.''' ,'''I'll make music, whether or not anyone is listening, for the rest of my life. It's a natural form of expression for me, the same way I draw and write and sing.''' ,'''I've been painting and drawing and taking pictures as long as I've been writing music - and I've actually been drawing longer than I've been writing music.''' ,'''Surf is something I have been obsessed with since I was a child.''' ,'''I have been drawing and creating visual works my entire life, as long as I can remember.''' ,'''Music draws from almost the identical place as art does, which really is that intangible - it's like you're pulling from the ether. I don't know where it comes from.''' ,'''I think I grew a grey watching you procrastinate.''' ,'''What's interesting is a lot of the older music when we start performing it, it acts a lot like muscle memory. It's kind of like riding a bike. For me as a singer, I just had to remember like what part of my face I sang that into.''' ,'''I've actually thought very little about solo work up until just very recently.''' ,'''Female artists are the perfect example of a creator: They know how to make life and art with their bodies. Life comes from their bodies, so on a very basic level, they have more to write about.''' ,'''Music is the medium that has taken me around the world, and I would be lying if I said I could live without music.''' ,'''I always looked up to my grandfather. He wore Italian zip-up CAT boots, and he had a moustache which he waxed into a twirl - now that is worth looking up to.''' ,'''Very rarely is there any confusion as to when a painting or a song is finished. You just know when it's done.''' ,'''My parents are wonderful, and I'm really lucky - but my mom has always been almost exclusively a right-brained person.''' ,'''I have always idolized eccentric people.''' ,]
+++