+++
author = "Fiona Hill"
title = "Fiona Hill Quotes"
quotes_len = "68"
description = "the best 68 Fiona Hill Quotes"
keywords = "fiona hill,fiona hill quotes,fiona hill quote,fiona hill sayings,fiona hill saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The capital city of Grozny in Chechnya was reduced completely to rubble, and Putin thought this was worthwhile because it kept the state together.''' ,'''The refugee problem is definitely a disaster for the entire region. Putin - the refugee problem in Chechnya was largely contained inside of Russia itself although there were tens of thousands of Chechens who sought refuge across Europe. Putin wasn't swayed by that issue when it came to Chechnya.''' ,'''The problem in Pankisi is an extension of broader problems throughout Georgia. The whole system is based on shady deals. The entire government is corrupt.''' ,'''The idea is that Putin-Trump would be a win-win for the Kremlin, as they have mutual interests and alliances.''' ,'''I refuse to be part of an effort to legitimize an alternate narrative that the Ukrainian government is a U.S. adversary, and that Ukraine - not Russia - attacked us in 2016.''' ,'''The Cold War was obviously driven by a very intense ideological struggle that was very clearly defined.''' ,'''There is certainly this widespread anti-Americanism within the Russian elite, a feeling that the U.S. lost any moral high ground it could possibly have because of Iraq, Abu Ghraib, and increasing concern of U.S. intentions locally.''' ,'''The Russians thrive on misinformation and disinformation.''' ,'''People in Washington, D.C., may not be paying that much attention to what's happening in Chechnya, but people in Riyadh and Amman and elsewhere are.''' ,'''Russia has always been very careful to try to balance the interest of the Gulf states and Iran off against each other.''' ,'''Obama is under incredible pressure to supply arms to Ukraine.''' ,'''Putin has the ability to advance his interests in many different ways. Sometimes tactical diplomacy can help.''' ,'''Chechens need to be able to develop their own viable political society and regional economy whether they remain part of Russia or not.''' ,'''Putin has become the wild card in his own system.''' ,'''I am very confident based on all of the analysis that has been done - and, again, I don't want to start getting into intelligence matters - that the Ukrainian government did not interfere in our election in 2016.''' ,'''So Putin is not the dictator that he's often accused of being. He has to be very sensitive to public opinion.''' ,'''The unfortunate truth is that Russia was the foreign power that systematically attacked our democratic institutions in 2016.''' ,'''The real concern for the Russians is that they're going to get closed out, that there's gong to be a new 'Iron Curtain'... for European expansion and all of its institutional forms.''' ,'''We've got ourselves into a situation where government service is somehow seen to be a political act rather than an act of civic duty or of public service.''' ,'''And Trump isn't exactly the most diplomatic of people.''' ,'''Russia was dependent on China growing and driving the demand for its commodities: oil, gas and minerals. China was an alternative to Europe.''' ,'''Indeed, for Russia, inconsistency is an integral part of its foreign policy strategy, particularly under Putin.''' ,'''The Russians didn't invent partisan divides. The Russians haven't invented racism in the United States. But the Russians understand a lot of those divisions and they understand how to exploit them.''' ,'''The people who run the giant companies and the government are all part of the same crowd.''' ,'''Ironically, from our perspective, Russia finds Iran a stabilizing force. This is because Iran provides a counterweight to all of the Sunni Muslim powers in the region, being predominantly Shia. And Putin actually sees, and the rest of the Russian leadership, sees Iran very much as a rational actor.''' ,'''Putin's treatment of Chechnya became a cautionary tale of what would happen to rebels and terrorists - and indeed to entire groups of people - if they threatened the Russian state.''' ,'''Our basic problem is how do we stop the hot war on the ground in Ukraine, and not get into a more and more escalatory relationship with Putin.''' ,'''Russia doesn't want to have a return to the situation where it was the United States and say Israel, making determinations about whether there might be a strike against Iran if the negotiations over the nuclear weapons program weren't going in a direction that they wanted to.''' ,'''The Russian leadership doesn't operate in the same way as ours does. Informal networks have a much more important role to play than formal networks.''' ,'''President Trump understands that President Putin does not like to be insulted. Putin takes it very personally. He harbors a grudge. He doesn't forget. And he will find some way of getting some degree of revenge as a result of that.''' ,'''A U.S. president who is elected amid controversy and recrimination, reviled by a large segment of the electorate, and mired in domestic crises will be hard-pressed to forge a coherent foreign policy and challenge Russia.''' ,'''Every military scenario that the Russians basically engage in their annual exercises, either on their western or eastern flank, always involved some kind of local revolt pulling in outside forces.''' ,'''President Putin and the Russian security services operate like a super PAC. They deploy millions of dollars to weaponize our own political opposition research and false narratives.''' ,'''And being forceful with the United States and not letting the United States have its way, is always good politics in the Russian domestic environment.''' ,'''I got a PhD from Harvard and a few years later, there was a girl from Sunderland who hadn't got into Oxford or Cambridge, even though she'd got perfect A-levels. Harvard asked me to come and recruit her because I was recruited out of university by Harvard - they were trying to show that people could make it.''' ,'''I applied to Oxford in the '80s and was invited to an interview. It was like a scene from 'Billy Elliot.' People were making fun of me for my accent and the way I was dressed. It was the most embarrassing, awful experience I had ever had in my life.''' ,'''I know Kurt Volker definitely to be a man of integrity.''' ,'''The whole purpose of Russian propaganda is to show that the U.S. and U.S. politics is filled with hubris and hypocrisy and to show it is not better than anyone else.''' ,'''There's no prospect that the Russians are going to send Snowden back. Snowden is in the land of spy swaps now. Putin is not going to give this guy up for nothing.''' ,'''So with President Obama, he's a very different style. Very thoughtful, posed.''' ,'''Calling Trump 'Putin's puppet' is a sign of the weakness of the American political system. It appears so weak and fragile that outsiders can actually meddle about in it.''' ,'''In the instance of Iran for Russia, Iran is a very important counterweight to the Sunni Muslim powers in the Gulf, but Russia's always been very concerned about potentially proselytizing and supporting groups inside of the Russian federation itself.''' ,'''For the United States, in particular, the South Caucasus has been a priority since the 1990s.''' ,'''A desire to contain extremism is a major reason why Putin offered help to the United States in battling the Taliban in Afghanistan after 9/11. It is also why Russia maintains close relations with Shia Iran, which acts as a counterweight to Sunni powers.''' ,'''Because the more you engage with someone who is spreading untruths, the more validity you give to those untruths.''' ,'''Trump knows how to play the media all on his own. He creates his own Twitter feed and uses it. He knows how to get the media's attention without the benefit of a state-controlled media. He does it all on his own. Trump understands how a free media works.''' ,'''Few issues better illustrate the limits of the Obama administration's 'reset' with Russia than the crisis in Syria.''' ,'''For Putin, Syria is all too reminiscent of Chechnya. Both conflicts pitted the state against disparate and leaderless opposition forces, which over time came to include extremist Sunni Islamist groups.''' ,'''I grew up poor with a very distinctive working-class accent. In England in the 1980s and 1990s this would have impeded my professional advancement. This background has never set me back in America.''' ,'''I have worked hard and emigrated to the U.S., and I think of myself as working class but I'm probably not any more.''' ,'''Everybody used to talk about Chechnya as a place, in the Russian imperial and Soviet periods, that was essentially governed by extended family and regional networks that substituted for older clan structures. But those networks have been destroyed.''' ,'''Stop pyschoanalyzing Putin, and recognize that there is a certain mind set. The West must draw a line under 'Putinography' and just get on with it.''' ,'''Chechnya was part of that whole wave of entities of the Soviet Union that had a very separate sense of identity, of political and social history, that set them apart from the rest of Russia.''' ,'''Putin is trying to create the best possible atmosphere for Russia.''' ,'''Russia and China thawed their frosty relationship in the 1990s and signed a friendship treaty in 2001, but China's rise has increased tensions in every regional relationship.''' ,'''Japan has good reasons for wanting to transform its relationship with Russia. Tokyo has openly expressed serious fears of a military confrontation with Beijing over China's claims to the Senkaku/Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea.''' ,'''My dad was a coal miner in County Durham.''' ,'''I don't want to suggest that Trump is emulating Putin. Trump is his own creation.''' ,'''Tough sanctions would mean saying to BP, Exxon, Chevron, Shell, Boeing and Siemens that they can't do business in Russia.''' ,'''I can say with confidence that this country has offered for me opportunities I would never have had in England.''' ,'''Outside of the Moscow elite and a very small urban elite, Russia is one great big blue-collar country.''' ,'''You could say that by standing up to Russia, the U.S. is finally getting some balls.''' ,'''I tend to look at Trump as a real-estate mogul. You look at a building and say, 'I'm just going to tear that down and build up something new.' He's not exactly Mr. Preservationist.''' ,'''There is a good supply of Russia experts out there - people who have lived there with lots of good experience - but the demand has just not been there from government.''' ,'''We have politicized the issue of Russia to a point that we can't have a sensible conversation about it.''' ,'''Putin operates like a super PAC, taking advantage of opportunities for negative campaigning. The purpose is to show that the U.S. has no moral authority.''' ,'''New ties between Russia and Japan would mark not only a breakthrough in their relations but also a significant shift in Northeast Asia's political dynamic.''' ,'''Absolutely everything I've done - my research, my training, my book - was made possible due to Harvard opening doors and providing me with connections.''' ,]
+++