+++
author = "Alexander Lukashenko"
title = "Alexander Lukashenko Quotes"
quotes_len = "63"
description = "the best 63 Alexander Lukashenko Quotes"
keywords = "alexander lukashenko,alexander lukashenko quotes,alexander lukashenko quote,alexander lukashenko sayings,alexander lukashenko saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We will remain independent for as long as our economy develops as needed. We won't be able to maintain our independence if we ruin the economy.''' ,'''I ask myself what is a dictator? I don't understand. It is some kind of terrible person, a bad person. But I am not frightening. I am not a bad person at all.''' ,'''For the sake of calm in the country, I am ready to sacrifice my own sanity.''' ,'''American envoys came to see me before the crisis in Iraq and asked me to say that there were nuclear weapons in Iraq. I refused. They even told me that things would go well for Belarus in terms of investments, etc. All I had to do was to support them. I told them that I couldn't do it because I knew that there were no nuclear weapons there.''' ,'''I have only you, the people of Belarus, and I will serve to the last of my days.''' ,'''We are trying to work around the world. We would like very much to cooperate with the United States.''' ,'''The history of Germany is a mold for the history of Belarus.''' ,'''If we put people to work and they are busy, we will have less crime.''' ,'''As president, I'm not supposed to play games or show my hand, because there's a lot going on behind the scenes that you don't see or hear and don't need to know.''' ,'''We are not a gigantic state, we do not have nuclear weapons, but our army is sufficiently capable to respond to any threat... Therefore, we will protect our patch of land, our statehood, and our independence.''' ,'''We will never have Russian-style privatization.''' ,'''Dictators don't come from elections.''' ,'''You know that in the Eurasian space, Russia is the central state, the most powerful state. But to become an empire, a member of some empire, a province in this empire - you know, we're probably not ready for that yet, neither in Kazakhstan nor in Belarus.''' ,'''I have always believed that genuine democracy is fairness.''' ,'''We are a peace-loving people.''' ,'''We will not have Americans telling us what to do... We cannot be brought to our knees.''' ,'''I repeat for the umpteenth time, without making apologies: My children have had more than their fair share of presidency under their father. There cannot be any hereditary transfer of power.''' ,'''I believe it is important for both Russia and Europe that Belarus is a sovereign, independent state where Europeans can feel at home.''' ,'''It took centuries to form the German order.''' ,'''I'm an advocate of evolutionary, not revolutionary, changes.''' ,'''The basis of my politics is, first of all, fairness and honesty.''' ,'''It's better to be a dictator than gay.''' ,'''Belarus cannot be isolated.''' ,'''There is no scope for revolutions coming to Belarus.''' ,'''No matter who comes to Belarusian land, I will fight. Even if it is Putin.''' ,'''From my point of view, this is the best time of the year. I don't love heat. I'm a winter guy.''' ,'''There are some people bent on blowing up the situation in the country. I call them the fifth column. They are not an opposition. They want to stage a rebellion in the country. Their dream is to topple the government and overthrow the president.''' ,'''The sanctions which the West introduced against Russia seriously affect us.''' ,'''I have never moved away from my promises to people.''' ,'''We have always argued that attempts to isolate Belarus, like other countries, lead to a dead end. In this situation, everyone loses.''' ,'''Belarus is not a superpower, but we pay a lot of attention to sports.''' ,'''I am not afraid of mass media.''' ,'''Who is against human rights in Belarus today? Of course, no one should view human rights as the right to smash shop windows or stir up unrest in the streets.''' ,'''Belarus will become the first government in the world that opens wide opportunities for the use of blockchain technology.''' ,'''We will ensure the interests of both the East and the West in Belarus. Don't try to rip us apart; don't try to make us collide with Russia or with the West.''' ,'''If you get a child when you're 50, you'll understand what children are.''' ,'''I understand reform to mean the perfection of what previous generations have already done. I'm not an advocate of destroying, 'kroshat,' and then selling like they do in Russia. That's how we can prevent the wild corruption in our state like they have in the other post-Soviet states.''' ,'''Americans want to democratise us. OK, but why not go and democratise Saudi Arabia. Are we anything like Saudi Arabia? No, we are far from that. So why aren't they democratising Saudi Arabia? Because they are bastards, but they are their bastards.''' ,'''I am reproached for allegedly preparing my children, my eldest son, as a successor. I swear to you I have never discussed this idea, even with my family or with my sons.''' ,'''There are dictators a bit worse than me, no? I'm the lesser evil already.''' ,'''I am sure that it is the Belarus people who are the masters in our state.''' ,'''As soon as people decline my services, I'll put my briefcase under my arm, and I'll be off.''' ,'''The arms business is an absolutely acceptable business.''' ,'''An authoritarian style of rule is characteristic of me, and I have always admitted it.''' ,'''We have fulfilled all our agreements and all the conditions set by the IMF better than any other state.''' ,'''It is time to stop the anarchy on the Internet. We cannot allow this great technological achievement of man to be turned into an information garbage heap.''' ,'''The color revolution virus affects only weak countries. Belarus does not have any breeding ground for this.''' ,'''Unlike in the U.K. or France or America, we've never used water cannon for mass riots dispersal.''' ,'''The Belarussian people trust their army and are confident in the reliability of the national security system.''' ,'''People call me an anti-reformer. That's absolutely stupid.''' ,'''I am for a single and unified Ukraine.''' ,'''During the years of my presidency, I lived a tough and difficult life.''' ,'''I tried to be honest and fair, helped the talented and those in need.''' ,'''My position and the state will never allow me to become a dictator, but an authoritarian ruling style is characteristic of me.''' ,'''Innovations, IT technologies, privatisation - it is all clear. We've conquered all of them. But everything is, very simply, one should get undressed and work.''' ,'''We cannot allow any uncontrolled situation and destabilization in the country.''' ,'''American democracy has two faces.''' ,'''A president has - and I had it even before I became president - a very special relationship with the people, a connection based on feelings.''' ,'''Permit me to be immodest, but I did something for this country.''' ,'''We have to destroy stereotypes in people's minds that Belarus can be isolated or taught a lesson.''' ,'''You need to control the country, and the main thing is not to ruin people's lives.''' ,'''If you give me carte blanche for any destruction and any revolutionary transformations, if that is what you want, then for God's sake, we will do it. The issue is not me: the issue is society.''' ,'''Belarus is not the Middle East. The policies of Belarussian and Middle Eastern leaders are cardinally different from one another.''' ,]
+++