+++
author = "Joe Strummer"
title = "Joe Strummer Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Joe Strummer Quotes"
keywords = "joe strummer,joe strummer quotes,joe strummer quote,joe strummer sayings,joe strummer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I began thinking there should be an American phrase book, 'cause I've got an Italian phrase book, and an Arabic one... now a British one. I think it'd be pretty good to have an American phrase book.''' ,'''With The Simpsons you can go back to work with a keen heart.''' ,'''I found that I was just hopeless at school. It was just a total bore. First, I passed in art and English, and then just art. Then I passed out.''' ,'''To me, our music is like Jamaican stuff - if they can't hear it, they're not supposed to hear it. It's not for them if they can't understand it.''' ,'''The hippy movement was a failure.''' ,'''Authority is supposedly grounded in wisdom, but I could see from a very early age that authority was only a system of control. And it didn't have any inherent wisdom. I quickly realized that you either became a power or you were crushed.''' ,'''We didn't have any solution to the world's problems. I mean, we were trying to grow up in a socialist way to some future where the world might be less of a miserable place than it is.''' ,'''I think we're going to have to forget about the radio and just go back to word of mouth.''' ,'''All hippies around now just represent complete apathy.''' ,'''Yeah, all those things, responsibility, pressure. It's a bit stressful. I try and come to terms with it by not thinking about it.''' ,'''I have a weird life because I live on songwriting royalties, which are a strange income. Sometimes it rains, sometimes it doesn't.''' ,'''Politically at that time, with Thatcher in Britain and Reagan in the White House, it wasn't looking too great for the Left. And we were always on the left.''' ,'''You don't write on tour; it takes all your concentrating to make the gig - that's survival technique. Afterwards, you run around town to find interesting hipsters and go to all the interesting spots. You got to go to every hotspot until everything has closed down.''' ,'''When you blame yourself, you learn from it. If you blame someone else, you don't learn nothing, cause hey, it's not your fault, it's his fault, over there.''' ,'''The future is unwritten.''' ,'''We sing in English, not mimicking some American rock singer's accent. That's just pretending to be something you ain't.''' ,'''When we played Paris, the English punks would come over, and they got to know the French punks. There was some nice scenes in the back alleys.''' ,'''The only place I considered home was the boarding school, in Yorkshire, my parents sent me to.''' ,'''I'm proud of all our records. Even the crap ones.''' ,'''I get on all right with my parents. But I don't see them very much. They split up when I was eight. I stayed with my mum, but I felt it was a bit soft with her. I could do whatever I liked, and I wasn't getting nowhere, so I went to stay with my dad.''' ,'''What I like about playing America is you can be pretty sure you're not going to get hit with a full can of beer when you're singing and I really enjoy that!''' ,'''I don't want to look back. I want to keep going forward, I still have something to say to people.''' ,'''You can only follow what's on your mind. In fact, a song is something you write because you can't sleep unless you write it.''' ,'''We did eight gigs in super-stadiums, all the biggest joints - L.A. Coliseum, Oakland Coliseum, Shea Stadium.''' ,'''If you ain't thinkin' about man and God and law, then you ain't thinkin' about nothin'.''' ,]
+++