+++
author = "Giles Duley"
title = "Giles Duley Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Giles Duley Quotes"
keywords = "giles duley,giles duley quotes,giles duley quote,giles duley sayings,giles duley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was obsessed from the moment I took my first photograph. I wanted to make photography my career.''' ,'''My friends love this idea of me as half man, half camera.''' ,'''To step on a bomb, have your legs blown off and survive, is lucky. Everybody has a good-luck story. Mine was the fact that the senior medic was on patrol that day. Those who don't have a good-luck story are the ones who don't make it.''' ,'''If you focus on the things you can't do, you'll destroy yourself. Just remember everything you can do.''' ,'''For me, documentary photography has always come with great responsibility. Not just to tell the story honestly and with empathy, but also to make sure the right people hear it. When you photograph somebody who is in pain or discomfort, they trust you to make sure the images will act as their advocate.''' ,'''I'm not a war photographer. I've always dealt with the consequences of conflict.''' ,'''I really love the Olympics: Daley Thompson's back-flip, Derek Redmond's father helping him finish the 400m after his hamstring snapped at the 1992 Games in Barcelona, Carl Lewis, Michael Johnson, Sir Steve Redgrave - childhood memories are flooded with these moments and idols.''' ,'''For those looking at me, meeting me for the first time, it is the body they see. I am labelled as disabled.''' ,'''Everyone in a band has a big ego - they love having pictures taken.''' ,'''For most Olympic athletes, their training is their hardest challenge and where they push themselves to the limit. For Paralympians, training and competition is an escape from the hardships and struggles of their everyday life. That is the difference.''' ,'''A lot of great creativity comes from restrictions.''' ,'''When I worked as a music and fashion photographer, I always had the nagging feeling that there was something missing, that I wasn't using my skills productively. I gave up photography - I walked away from it completely - and started doing care work.''' ,'''I don't see many people as heroes and, though I love sport, I believe athletes rarely deserve that praise.''' ,'''Alfred Hitchcock had to find ways to create tension without showing it, but now with computer-generated effects you can show anything.''' ,'''It is funny how it is almost more painful to fall over and scrape your knee than to be blown up. Your body goes into incredible protection mode.''' ,'''People who look at Greek statues never say it's a shame because they're not complete.''' ,]
+++