+++
author = "June Carter Cash"
title = "June Carter Cash Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 June Carter Cash Quotes"
keywords = "june carter cash,june carter cash quotes,june carter cash quote,june carter cash sayings,june carter cash saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Every dog has his day, unless he loses his tail, then he has a weak-end.''' ,'''One morning, about four o'clock, I was driving my car just about as fast as I could. I thought, Why am I out this time of night? I was miserable, and it came to me: I'm falling in love with somebody I have no right to fall in love with.''' ,'''We always had Packards, until the war, when they stopped making them; then we had a Cadillac.''' ,'''After you've listened to it, you'll feel like you know us a little bit better.''' ,'''For the last 20 months, I've just been going from one hospital to another.''' ,'''Inside that book, it's my life-all the places where I'm hurting or I laughed or I cried or I prayed. And I've had to pray a lot!''' ,'''I stayed in submission to my husband, and he allowed me to do anything I wanted to. I felt like I was lucky to have that kind of romance.''' ,'''I chose to be Mrs. Johnny Cash in my life. I decided I'd allow him to be Moses and I'd be Moses' brother Aaron, picking his arms up and padding along behind him.''' ,'''I worked with John, but I had enough sense to walk just a little ways behind him. I could have made more records, but I wanted to have a marriage.''' ,'''I was never looking back in regret. I never thought, Oh, why didn't I become an actress? or Why did I just go paddling along after John? I've always walked along right by his side, and he's always supported everything I do.''' ,'''It depends on how Johnny's feeling... If we go back on the road, we will go together. I'll go where he goes, and he'll go where I go.''' ,'''This is the bunch of songs I did first, and it's just the type of thing I do. I am a Carter Family girl, so the record is book-ended with Carter Family songs.''' ,'''He's just like my father that way-my father just adored my mother and let her do whatever she wanted. John's like that. He's a very rare man, a very good man, and I've had a good life with him. I'm proud to be walking in the wake of Johnny's fame.''' ,'''I had all the material for a long time, but I was just too busy. Sometimes we'd sit around at home and sing some of these songs at family things, and everyone always said I should record them.''' ,'''We wanted to slow down. But one would let us.''' ,'''I've flown out of character so many times. In that sense I've been lucky, because I've been given the liberty to do just about anything I've wanted to do in my lifetime.''' ,]
+++