+++
author = "Leven Rambin"
title = "Leven Rambin Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Leven Rambin Quotes"
keywords = "leven rambin,leven rambin quotes,leven rambin quote,leven rambin sayings,leven rambin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like that New York sensibility where you can be edgy, but still super-glamorous.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I was into psychological thrillers. When I was 12, my favorite movie was 'Thirteen.' I just really liked movies that showed an extreme range in acting. That's what made me want to become an actress.''' ,'''I did some pretty crazy stuff that I never thought I would do, for the sake of a movie, like surfing in eight-foot waves in pitch-black darkness, where I can't see anything. That still haunts me, kind of, in my nightmares, but it was worth it, it was fun.''' ,'''As a Christian, I think it's really important to find a man of God to trust and be supportive of me.''' ,'''So I always think it's important to allow someone to reveal themself. If you notice something about someone that you like, it could really tell you something about who they are during a time of trial. The truth will come out.''' ,'''I feel a lot older than I am but at the same time I don't want to play too old on T.V. I still want to be young. I still want to be 20 and enjoy this period of my life where I still have that flexibility.''' ,'''I was like, 'Whoa, I'm auditioning for 'Hunger Games?' That's like my dream come true. That's like a Trekkie auditioning for 'Star Trek.'''' ,'''A lot of hard work has to go into your career, and preparation, and being your best at all times.''' ,'''Everything is an experience. You learn something different from everything you do.''' ,'''I'm not particularly fond of the Hamptons.''' ,'''I'm at the age where I just want to experiment. You know, play a crime investigator one week, a pregnant girl one week, an angel of darkness another week. I don't want to define myself by any category, or age, or role.''' ,'''If I had a crush on a guy, my tactic was to tell them I had a crush on them. And they always thought it was super-cute, so it usually worked in my favor!''' ,'''I'm so fascinated by the concept of teen pregnancy for some reason. Not that I condone it or promote it, but it's just a very real thing in our country and culture.''' ,'''It's been difficult to find roles that are independent, strong, and self-assured; I always say I can't play the princess. I'm not a pretty princess! I'm a tomboy.''' ,'''I've never been the wilting flower. I've never been the girl who's subservient to a man.''' ,'''Why sit on your butt watching 'Jersey Shore' when you can learn to paint a beautiful picture?''' ,'''When you're connected to the ocean, you really don't think about what's going on with your email or texts or any of that. You're just a lot more liberated.''' ,]
+++