+++
author = "Taye Diggs"
title = "Taye Diggs Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Taye Diggs Quotes"
keywords = "taye diggs,taye diggs quotes,taye diggs quote,taye diggs sayings,taye diggs saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm awful with directions, and I'm not very handy around the house.''' ,'''Not one role that I've played has been written specifically for me.''' ,'''Live theater is my favorite of all the mediums that I have worked in, so I have every intention on coming back to Broadway.''' ,'''Like I went out to a predominantly black club last night and nobody said anything and I was wishing somebody would so that someone would dance with me.''' ,'''I've always been attracted to women who are assertive and have confidence - qualities older women possess. They've been on the Earth a little longer. They're more seasoned. They don't play games. They know what they want, and they're not afraid to tell you.''' ,'''All my friends from my past would know me as Scott Diggs.''' ,'''I'm always singing and dancing and getting up in people's faces.''' ,'''I keep all my clothes on in House on Haunted Hill, Mary Jane's Last Dance, and The Way of the Gun.''' ,'''I think I am less of a prankster and more of a jokester.''' ,'''I'm a choreographer and I love watching 'The Bachelorette.'''' ,'''I'm living my life and I found a woman who I love.''' ,'''The large ensemble cast and the fact that it was being shot in New York, combined with a lot of strong positive images as far as African Americans are concerned, really turned me on to The Best Man.''' ,'''I'm going through a stage where the dumbest things make me bawl. I feel like I need to see a shrink.''' ,'''My wife never throws anything at me that I can't handle.''' ,'''The Wood was about young people and the other one is more of a grown up movie.''' ,'''I love apple juice.''' ,'''All my friends from my past would know me as Scott Diggs. Taye Diggs comes from Scott-taye. When I went to college I liked it because it was so different and I have an infatuation with nicknames.''' ,'''One of my favorite films is 'Pretty Woman.'''' ,'''On the set I never know what day of the week it is.''' ,'''I complained to my mother about wanting to look less like myself and more like my friends. My mother then gave me a lesson in embracing my differences and loving them despite what others said.''' ,'''I failed chemistry. I almost failed algebra.''' ,'''The only tough thing is admitting to my wife how much a certain article of clothing costs.''' ,'''The whole issue is that everyone would love to do theater, but it doesn't pay enough, so to do music theater on TV, that's the ultimate dream.''' ,'''Growing up, I was a nerd. With actual taped eyeglasses.''' ,'''I would love for film to go back to those days where you had to be able to do everything just to get by.''' ,'''It's a trip but it hasn't crossed over to the point where women are throwing their panties at me.''' ,'''You just don't see the same type of all-purpose entertainers nowadays.''' ,'''I jump at any chance to go back into theater.''' ,'''I'm always up for going back to the stage.''' ,'''But then all that died down and as far as casting was concerned it didn't really matter that I had been on Broadway.''' ,]
+++