+++
author = "Douglas Costa"
title = "Douglas Costa Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Douglas Costa Quotes"
keywords = "douglas costa,douglas costa quotes,douglas costa quote,douglas costa sayings,douglas costa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't like soap operas. But I like to watch movies. My favourite is 'Annapolis.'''' ,'''I'm someone with a very strong personality, I'm quite introverted.''' ,'''I like Bayern and I think I can win titles with Bayern to reach the highest technical level of my career, to go for the Ballon d'Or, the Champions League, the Club World Cup.''' ,'''I've done a good job at Bayern, with Guardiola, and I have evolved a lot tactically.''' ,'''Pep always keeps inventing new things. He is magic. I hope he can win the Champions League with City.''' ,'''To play at Chelsea is a dream for any player. It is standing next to some of the best players in the world and competing with the world's best as well.''' ,'''I think England is one of the biggest soccer leagues in the world - fantastic! Just like Spain's LaLiga also, with big players, big teams.''' ,'''I just want to show that Juve have done well to believe in me.''' ,'''Guardiola is exceptional.''' ,'''I made a conscious decision to join Bayern because of the presence of Guardiola.''' ,'''Guardiola has trusted me right from the start.''' ,'''When I arrived at Bayern he asked me: 'How are you? Are you ready to learn how to play football?' Before, I thought the coach's job was just to set up the team. However, with Guardiola it's something different. He is addicted to football and because of that he is a phenomenon.''' ,'''It is impossible to follow Cristiano Ronaldo in training. When we arrive, he is already training, when we leave he is still training, I have never seen a player like it.''' ,'''I played a lot of years in Ukraine.''' ,'''There are no reasons why I should leave Bayern. I had a very good first season, have made my contribution to titles and I have felt very comfortable here from the beginning.''' ,'''My favourite superhero is The Flash!''' ,'''Chelsea are one of the great teams in Europe and Mourinho is one of the best coaches in the world.''' ,'''I feel like a different, more outgoing person once I take the field.''' ,'''I have made a big step forward since leaving Shakhtar for Bayern.''' ,'''Allegri is a coach who speaks a lot.''' ,'''I've grown tactically and technically.''' ,'''I'm thinking about myself, I want to develop and I didn't have these possibilities at Bayern anymore. I'm very grateful to them.''' ,'''Who would not like to play at Bayern?''' ,'''You often see him Ronaldo topless and his physique is awesome. It drives everyone on and we all want to have a body like his.''' ,'''I had quite a tumultuous start to my career. I used to have two really good games but then my form would dip. I don't think people really understood me and I ended up dropping to the bench.''' ,'''I'd be really interested in moving to Chelsea - not only because everything Willian tells me about the club, but because I think that I'd be able to achieve everything I want having someone like Jose Mourinho by my side.''' ,'''I can operate on both flanks.''' ,'''With the Selecao, every substitute is a starter in their club teams, so the competition is always top notch.''' ,'''Guardiola can get the best out of everyone and that's why he is what he is.''' ,'''I am trying to do everything that Ribery did for Bayern because he is a guy I like so much. He is my friend, who gives me lots of advice.''' ,'''I'm not going to change my style of play because it might bother some people. That is just the way we Brazilians are.''' ,'''I like Paris Saint-Germain a lot.''' ,'''Talking about Pep is hard, he is just a genius. He tries to change things when we need to and it works. He is something else.''' ,'''This is in the plan which I have for my career and my life, to one day win the Champions League and the World Cup.''' ,'''You cannot compare Pep to any Brazilian coach. If you put all Brazilian coaches together, you would get Pep. One has motivational skills, another is tactically strong. But Pep has it all.''' ,'''The pressure to win is always there, especially with the Brazilian team.''' ,'''Pep has the magic touch. He breathes football.''' ,'''Players like Ronaldinho and Neymar started in futsal schools. Denilson loved playing too, looking for things to take onto the soccer pitch.''' ,'''I do like a joke too, in my own way, but I'm someone who likes to work away in peace.''' ,'''I arrived at Shakhtar aged 19 and he taught me a lot. I am very grateful.''' ,'''Munich is a great city and everybody is treating me very well.''' ,'''You don't need to change something if it is working.''' ,'''Serie A is very different from the Bundesliga or the Ukrainian league.''' ,'''I want to win titles.''' ,'''I want to win all sorts of titles and then the World Cup with the Brazilian national team.''' ,'''It's clear that I'm a winger. I've now defined that as my position.''' ,'''I'm one of those players who loves to dribble the ball, to run at people.''' ,'''I think all children like futsal. Making quick decisions, moving fast when you're in difficulties on the pitch; it teaches you a lot. I'm passionate about this sport.''' ,'''Problems with Ancelotti? No, he's a good person.''' ,'''Neymar is the representative of the Brazil team, of what we're all about. Being in the squad alongside him is always a pleasure, and we always have more chance of being champions if he's around.''' ,]
+++