+++
author = "Jordi Alba"
title = "Jordi Alba Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jordi Alba Quotes"
keywords = "jordi alba,jordi alba quotes,jordi alba quote,jordi alba sayings,jordi alba saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When Leo is on the field, everything turns in favor of Barca. He is five steps above the rest.''' ,'''No-one can replace Leo, he makes any team far better and guarantees you at least 20 goals a season.''' ,'''Obviously my strength is going up and down the wing - that's what has given me the opportunity to play for the national team and at Barcelona.''' ,'''This is a huge club, everyone is interested in what's happening in Barcelona, you lose one game and you are criticised a lot, then in seven days' time you win and everyone loves you again.''' ,'''It's clear that the more I play, the better I play.''' ,'''As a Cule, I always want Real Madrid to lose.''' ,'''Valencia gave me the opportunity to play in Primera Division and gave me the chance to be the player I am today.''' ,'''What I want is to play and get a bigger role on the field.''' ,'''We want to win everything: League, cup, Champions League and Supercopa.''' ,'''I can't win all my duels or be perfect all the time.''' ,'''As a Barcelona man, I always want Real Madrid to lose.''' ,'''Messi wins games but, without the work we all do, he wouldn't be able to do so.''' ,'''Wherever I am played, I will do my best.''' ,'''Many substitutes have won the Euros, World Cup or Champions League without contributing anything.''' ,'''Suarez is a top player and he's bound to score many goals.''' ,'''Luis Enrique and his coaching staff can do great things.''' ,'''I try to give my all on the pitch but, like all humans, I make mistakes and I'm not ashamed to admit that.''' ,'''Everyone knows that Messi is the best player in the world by far.''' ,'''I would never join Real Madrid.''' ,'''You can't rule out anybody - a club like Real Madrid will fight until the last game of the season to win the league.''' ,'''I respect Barca fans a lot.''' ,'''Qatar is a country which likes football a lot.''' ,'''I have to work and give everything and when I'm given minutes I have to take advantage of them, as I have always done.''' ,'''I want to play for Barcelona for many, many years.''' ,'''Barcelona has always had calm coaches.''' ,'''I think I can play with three defenders. I'm capable of doing it.''' ,'''If we are realistic and forget team loyalties, you cannot compare Messi with any other player.''' ,'''I like making jokes and setting the mood in the locker room. That's important when you know that you spend a lot of time together. It makes everyday life more fun and enjoyable.''' ,'''All players want to have continuity, to have minutes.''' ,'''Each person has their way of being.''' ,'''When Leo runs, the rest of us only have to grit our teeth. He is the best and he makes us all a little better.''' ,'''I'm from here, spending my whole life in Barcelona.''' ,'''I have a good understanding with him. I've improved a lot with him. I hope Messi can stay for many years at Barcelona.''' ,'''I was only 15 when I left Barcelona to do my own thing. Luckily, after some years, they have signed me again.''' ,'''I needed to play football, and if that was for Barca then great, but all I wanted was to play.''' ,'''You never know what the future has in store, but if possible I'd like to hang up my boots at Barcelona.''' ,'''Cristiano is a beast.''' ,'''If 10 out of 10 news articles about Jordi Alba are negative, it's normal that people think badly.''' ,'''Qatar is improving a lot in football, my colleague Xavi talks to me about the fantastic development of football here.''' ,'''At the end of the day, everyone makes their own decisions and you have to respect them.''' ,'''When Messi is playing there are always more chances to win games.''' ,'''At the end of the day everyone has their own way of playing.''' ,'''We have to adapt in football.''' ,'''There is no other player that can substitute Leo, however good they are.''' ,'''Modric is a great player, one of the best in the world. But Messi is like at a separate table, plays at another level.''' ,'''The player Jordi has nothing to do with the human Jordi or the Jordi with his teammates.''' ,'''Leo is different to the rest, he makes the team better.''' ,'''I can't control everything that's said, but I've been around. Nothing will surprise me.''' ,'''I really liked Stoichkov when he played at Barcelona. I played in his position then... more or less! I loved to watch him on matchdays because of the personality he showed team-mates and fans.''' ,'''No one likes it when the fans go against you, especially in your own stadium.''' ,'''I would like to play for the national team but it's the coach's decision and I have to respect it.''' ,'''A team like Barca has to fight to win every competition it goes in for.''' ,'''I respect the opinion of every team.''' ,'''There is no comparison between the two of them. The debate will always be there and you have to respect Cristiano. It would be foolish not to respect him. He is a great player. But whoever likes football will think Leo is the best.''' ,'''Morata is a player that I appreciate a lot, he has been a top player for many years.''' ,'''As the years have passed I have kept growing and I notice the affection from the fans even more. I have always seen myself in Barcelona and my dream is to retire here.''' ,'''We're in the world of football, it's a spectacle and the coaches form part of that.''' ,'''Dest comes with a lot of desire.''' ,'''The rivalry between Barca and Madrid is very big.''' ,'''Neymar is a very humble down to earth guy, who enjoys playing football and likes to play that way. Anyone that knows him understands this.''' ,'''In each case it depends on the needs of each team, what the club is willing to pay and what the other demands. Then time will tell if a player has been cheap or expensive.''' ,'''To build an understanding with the best player in the world is easy.''' ,'''Our objectives are everything - the Champions League, La Liga Santander and the cup.''' ,'''I'm really eager to keep winning with Barca.''' ,'''I gave everything for Valencia - they have to understand that I left to go home. I decided to go to Barcelona, which is where I'm from, and the best club in the world.''' ,'''Ronaldo is a fantastic player, he scores a lot of goals and is really complete, but what Messi does nobody else can or ever will do.''' ,'''Messi is the best player in history and the best in the world by a distance.''' ,'''I don't have to convince anybody to do anything. I'm not in the head of any of my team-mates.''' ,'''Sometimes a team loses a Copa tie and suddenly the competition is downplayed. It's not a good excuse to say that the Copa has no merit.''' ,'''Emery changed my life without a doubt - he's the coach who had the biggest impact on me. There was a lot of criticism of both me and him when he put me at full-back, but he stuck with it. And it paid off.''' ,'''Euro 2012 was my first title, yet most of the other guys have already won plenty of silverware.''' ,'''Just as I respect everyone, they also have to respect me.''' ,'''I have an appreciation for Isco. I know him from when we were at Valencia together and I know that he has a lot of quality.''' ,'''I'm comfortable with Spain and with Barcelona.''' ,'''I can't stand being doubted.''' ,'''Messi is simply unique. We are never going to find another player like him, and Barcelona will miss him when he retires.''' ,'''When you do things wrong you realise it yourself. You don't need anyone to tell you.''' ,'''I was not disrespectful to Valencia in any moment and I did not say anything that was out of this world.''' ,'''When you don't win, you talk a lot. It's normal.''' ,'''When you come to the Bernabeu, you have to be very superior to Madrid in order to win.''' ,'''Abidal was a player; he is loved by the fans, and that's why he should know what it's like inside the dressing room and how players feel.''' ,'''With time we all improve.''' ,'''Argentina is immensely better with him than without him. They should be proud to have Messi in their national team.''' ,'''It is clear that if people know me through football, they would think I am one of the most hated players in football, that is clear.''' ,'''In the end, it's what a player does on the pitch that counts and Messi has been the best.''' ,'''If it were up to me, I would stay at Barcelona all my life. But it does not depend on me but on what the club wants.''' ,'''Most of the passes that I give Messi end up in goal.''' ,'''I don't have a problem with anyone on a professional level.''' ,'''It's true that through playing more games our understanding has got much better and now Leo knows me perfectly. He always looks for me - and I look for him - and thanks to that we've been able to score a lot of goals.''' ,'''Cristiano is a great player who scores many goals. He's a genius, if I said it any other way I'd be lying.''' ,'''It's obvious that my dream is to stay at Barcelona. It's cost too much to get here to then have to leave. I have my family here, their support, the fans and my teammates. I don't think I'd be happier anywhere else.''' ,'''Forwards go through streaks.''' ,'''For me, I can only control my own performance which I think has been good, but I don't expect anything from anyone.''' ,'''Yes, it's true that the way I play is very heavy and I understand the hatred that people who do not know me can have me to me.''' ,'''I've been playing going forward all my life and I hope things stay that way.''' ,'''What gives Messi an extra dimension is that he always remains calm. Whatever happens, nothing affects him and the way he plays. He is a star, the best in the world and he shows it year after year.''' ,'''I see Paco Alcacer very calm and excited. I've known him since I was 16, he's a good friend of mine.''' ,'''It is clear that for any player of Barcelona's youth squad their dream is to play for the club's first team.''' ,'''I feel better with Leo on the pitch. He gives me passes that others don't see, even me. I have a good understanding with him because he spots me in space that no once else sees. He looks for me and I look for him.''' ,'''I know I'm one of the most hated players in football. But it's my way of playing.''' ,]
+++