+++
author = "Joyce Brothers"
title = "Joyce Brothers Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Joyce Brothers Quotes"
keywords = "joyce brothers,joyce brothers quotes,joyce brothers quote,joyce brothers sayings,joyce brothers saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.''' ,'''I watched the Trade Center buildings go down from my balcony, and it was a terrifying moment. I couldn't get my mind around it at all.''' ,'''There is such a thing as bad publicity.''' ,'''Marriage is not just spiritual communion, it is also remembering to take out the trash.''' ,'''Listening, not imitation, may be the sincerest form of flattery.''' ,'''Being taken for granted can be a compliment. It means that you've become a comfortable, trusted element in another person's life.''' ,'''No matter how love-sick a woman is, she shouldn't take the first pill that comes along.''' ,'''Accept that all of us can be hurt, that all of us can and surely will at times fail. Other vulnerabilities, like being embarrassed or risking love, can be terrifying, too. I think we should follow a simple rule: if we can take the worst, take the risk.''' ,'''I have found in work that you only get back what you put into it, but it does come back gift-wrapped.''' ,'''Never try to negotiate with anyone after he or she has eaten. People are best persuaded on an empty stomach. And forget power breakfasts. There is no convincing anyone of anything before 10 A.M.''' ,'''Men are not conditioned to be less powerful than a woman. It will be the wise woman who realizes this and is sensitive to that issue.''' ,'''For men to be virgins, we think it's negative. We think that there's something wrong with them.''' ,'''Virginity is such a personal thing. You can't judge anyone on it. A lot of young women feel they want to save themselves for the man who they think they'll love forever.''' ,'''The topic of trust is an important factor in all matters of the heart - and here's why. Men lie to women. Women lie to men. And most people agree that some lying is even necessary - to avoid petty squabbles and to grease the wheels of a relationship.''' ,'''Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.''' ,'''The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy, inevitable part of the process of getting to the top.''' ,'''The best proof of love is trust.''' ,'''I've enjoyed the pleasures of working since I was 12 and earned all my own spending money since I was 14.''' ,'''Real intimacy depends on truth - lovingly told - especially in the bedroom.''' ,'''The world at large does not judge us by who we are and what we know; it judges us by what we have.''' ,'''If Shakespeare had to go on an author tour to promote Romeo and Juliet, he never would have written Macbeth.''' ,'''I don't give advice. I can't tell anybody what to do. Instead I say this is what we know about this problem at this time. And here are the consequences of these actions.''' ,'''The cynic finds love with the idealist. The rebel with the conformist. The social butterfly with the bookworm. They help each other balance their lives.''' ,'''Feeling gratitude isn't born in us - it's something we are taught, and in turn, we teach our children.''' ,'''Credit buying is much like being drunk. The buzz happens immediately and gives you a lift... The hangover comes the day after.''' ,'''Real intimacy is only possible to the degree that we can be honest about what we are doing and feeling.''' ,'''Love comes when manipulation stops; when you think more about the other person than about his or her reactions to you. When you dare to reveal yourself fully. When you dare to be vulnerable.''' ,'''Marriages, like careers, need constant nurturing... the secret of having it all is loving it all.''' ,'''As a celebrity, you get a certain number of free passes. You're actually in a better position if you're a celebrity because people care.''' ,'''A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success.''' ,]
+++