+++
author = "Jon Gruden"
title = "Jon Gruden Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Jon Gruden Quotes"
keywords = "jon gruden,jon gruden quotes,jon gruden quote,jon gruden sayings,jon gruden saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''This stereotype as Marcus Mariota as a spread quarterback that just runs read options all the time, that's ridiculous.''' ,'''From the standpoint that you try to adjust your offense to your quarterback, you try to adjust your football team around your players. You do the best you can with the hand that you have, and you've got to add some parts along the way.''' ,'''Simon Cowell is a pretty rough guy.''' ,'''I have a different mentality than most guys, I guess.''' ,'''I get excited for big games in December.''' ,'''I'm not a good golfer. I don't have any hobbies, really.''' ,'''If it wasn't for football, a lot of the best times of my life, my brother's life, my dad's life, wouldn't exist.''' ,'''If you're a leader, can communicate, and have a great work ethic, those are the things you're looking for.''' ,'''I draw plays every day.''' ,'''A lot of people forget how extraordinary Elway was handing the ball off to Terrell Davis, and those bootlegs, those naked bootlegs off of those stretch plays was devastating.''' ,'''You think of Brady, you think of Rodgers, Roethliseber, Eli Manning. They're icemen. They have no feelings - none. They're able to concentrate on a snap-by-snap basis.''' ,'''It takes courage to pull the ball down and reverse field and do some of the crazy things that Favre and Manziel do. There's going to be consequences when sometimes it doesn't work out. But it takes a tremendous amount of guts and courage to go make a play when there's nothing there instead of throwing the ball away.''' ,'''I had all kinds of different quarterbacks. But we never drafted a first-rounder.''' ,'''Carson Wentz, when you watch him on tape, No. 1, I just like a big guy that has athleticism.''' ,'''Anytime a guy gets traded at midseason - a young player - it's surprising.''' ,'''You never say never to nothing.''' ,'''If you're a young kid out there, put away your Twitter accounts if you want to be a pro football player. Somebody's going to hack your account; somebody's going to cause you problems.''' ,'''I coached the Bucs with a Florida State quarterback named Brad Johnson. Things worked out all right.''' ,'''The Gruden-McVay relationship goes all the way back to 1970. John McVay and my dad are best of friends. My dad continued to work with McVay as a 49er. When John McVay became the general manager, he hired my dad to be one of his scouts.''' ,'''Just to get cufflinks on my shirt is a challenge.''' ,'''All it takes is one coach that believes in you.''' ,'''I love the AFC West.''' ,'''I don't know what's going to happen in the future; I just know this: I'm going to continue to give my best effort to the game, stay prepared.''' ,'''Having been in the league with five different franchises, I know what the meaning of Monday Night Football is. It's usually the best games and the greatest venue outside the playoffs.''' ,'''I've always coached energy, hustling, rushing to the pile, and if it is wiggling, you do hit it because guys are fighting for yardage, and sometimes, you've got to give up the ball because of one inch.''' ,'''I really get excited when we win. I get really upset when we don't, and I hope that still has a place in the NFL.''' ,'''We used to tell our receivers, 'If you want to run an inside breaking route, and you want to fight for yardage after the catch, you better be careful, because these defensive players, they're on the hunt.'''' ,'''You don't want to read about your quarterback in the newspaper every day of the week.''' ,'''I've been hitting up Hooters since 1983, and I can assure you nothin' says football season is here quite like watching the game on wall-to-wall flat screen TVs with the smell of Hooters world-famous chicken wings in the air and an ice-cold beer in your hand, served up with one-and-only Hooters hospitality, of course.''' ,'''I'm a backup quarterback at the University of Dayton. I was a one-year starter in high school. I think I got the job in high school because our quarterback left and went to another school.''' ,'''Eli Manning is the one man I just don't want to see in the playoffs. He is a flatliner.''' ,'''I feel a lot of unfinished business and loyalty and responsibility to get the Raiders going again.''' ,'''All I really have in my life is my family and football. That's about it.''' ,'''I miss high school football.''' ,'''If ESPN ever kicked me out the door and I had to get back to coach, I have to stay on top of what's going on.''' ,'''I love that Mel Gibson.''' ,'''I just love football.''' ,'''Tebow is the kind of guy who could revolutionize the game. He's the 'wildcat' who can throw. Most of the teams that have the wildcat back there, it's Ronnie Brown, it's Jerious Norwood, it's whoever you want to say it is. This guy here is 250 pounds of concrete cyanide, man. And he can throw. He throws well enough at any level to play quarterback.''' ,'''I spend most of my time looking at game film.''' ,'''You either have the charisma, the knowledge, the passion, the intelligence - or you don't.''' ,'''I think when you get Robert Griffin, one of the most explosive quarterbacks to ever play the position, in a Mike Shanahan-type system, the possibilities are very exciting, I think, with Mike Shanahan's imagination.''' ,'''I compete with myself. I try to get more done than you. I don't know why.''' ,'''I love Olivier Vernon, and I wish he knew how much I appreciate him by just watching him.''' ,'''I only live one time.''' ,'''There's a lot of things I could've done better, and I regret not doing better. I do know I always gave it my best shot.''' ,'''I love finishers.''' ,'''Inches matter. That's why they measure first downs. That's why they have a crew down there with those chains.''' ,'''Does the draft really matter? At the end of the day, at the end of your career, at the end of time, does it really matter?''' ,'''I hate to predict my future. I never really thought I would be a head coach at 34 years old. I never thought I would be traded to Tampa. I never even really thought I would be fired, even though I probably deserved it. I try not to predict things.''' ,'''There are very few passions in my life - The man upstairs, family, and football.''' ,'''There are not a lot of things that Andrew Luck can't do, but the thing I like about him is his work ethic. He's a workaholic, and that's what impresses me the most.''' ,'''All I ever wanted to do was coach, 'cause I knew I wasn't gonna be a player.''' ,'''You have to keep trying to get better.''' ,'''This whole social media scene makes me sick.''' ,'''Some of the best tape that I've ever studied was Mike Shanahan and John Elway in Denver, back-to-back Super Bowl win teams.''' ,'''When it comes to football, I'm more of a traditional guy. I love going to Green Bay.''' ,'''When you're the head coach, you coach 53 people, and their wives and their girlfriends and their families and all those people.''' ,'''It doesn't make much sense to blitz a guy that gets rid of the ball in less than 1.5 seconds.''' ,'''I'm not good at Blackberrys, cell phones, or packing.''' ,'''Antonio Gates is spectacular. But he's not a blocking tight end.''' ,'''Nobody talks about Shaq Thompson. I don't know what he is. He's like a nickel corner/linebacker.''' ,'''All I really have going is football. I don't know what I would do without it.''' ,'''Julio Jones doesn't drop wide-open touchdown passes.''' ,'''If you aren't winning, we are not going to be happy.''' ,'''Some people feel pressure; some people don't.''' ,'''I took a lot of pride, honestly, in hiring these young guys, that not only to become future head coaches, but I wanted young guys that could help me - guys that can coach, guys that could study, guys that loved it, that would do it for nothing. That's how I got into coaching with the 49ers when John McVay hired me.''' ,'''I learned a lot from Al Davis, and I got a lot better as a coach.''' ,'''Cancer is tough. It is a relentless opponent that won't seem to go away.''' ,'''I got a lot of the greatest values in life from playing sports, from playing football - teamwork, sportsmanship, my work ethic, resiliency, dedication - I got it all by being on a team.''' ,'''Not many people do what Jameis Winston did: first year as a starter winning a national championship, only one loss in his two years as a starter. He's got great charisma. He's polarizing for some people, but he's a rare talent.''' ,'''I got kicked out of the league because I had a hard time sustaining at the quarterback position.''' ,'''We've got enough issues in this country without worrying about some of the things we're worrying about. It's unbelievable to me. And as long as I'm alive, I know what football gave me. It taught me my work ethic. It gave me a sense of discipline.''' ,'''You have to be able to recognize defenses on your own in pro football. You can't look to the sideline and read some board. You've got to recognize the defense on your own, and then you've got to communicate to your offensive teammates what you want them to do.''' ,'''I show up in a playoff game, I have my sideline sheet. I can't even spit plays out, I get so excited. I mean, you get nervous. These are critical, do-or-die situations. Third down and 1, Red Zone, what do I call? Two minute drill? Are we going to go no huddle? These are decisions that you wrestle with.''' ,'''I get excited when we make a play. I get excited when we make a first down.''' ,'''Some of the best lessons that I've ever learned are on a ball field - basketball, football, baseball, golf. And I learned great lessons from my coaches - being on time, being mentally tough, having some discipline, and being part of a team.''' ,'''You miss the adversity. The journey is what I'm talking about. Helping a guy get better. Seeing a guy get a contract. And seeing a seventh-round choice or free agent make the team.''' ,'''There are some great video clips of me swearing, screaming at players, but I was also the biggest cheerleader in the league.''' ,'''When we had a great defense at Tampa Bay, we always measured our defenses against the best quarterbacks.''' ,'''In football, we tried each week to come up with the best game plan for every opponent. Some were tougher than others.''' ,'''I used to take a lot of pride into what went into practice.''' ,'''I don't want to look at myself like I'm some superhero. But I'm not going to let people wipe their feet on football on my chest.''' ,'''I don't want to be a negative piece of barbed wire sitting up in the booth with all the answers. I think that's a turn-off.''' ,'''When I got fired from coaching, I started coaching high school because my son played. I realized real quick that high school football is in trouble. There's no budget. A lot of kids have got to pay to play, and every year, coaches are getting out of the profession. Kids aren't playing like they used to. It bothers me.''' ,'''Mariota is special in a lot of ways. He's a dynamic dual threat on the field, and he is humble - no-nonsense, full of character - off the field.''' ,'''If I ever come back and coach, I'm never huddling again!''' ,'''When the season ends, it's all about the next season.''' ,'''You want to take a charge from LeBron James coming down the lane with no helmet on - that's dangerous. But you know what? Some people like to do that stuff. So leave them alone.''' ,'''In the NFL, you've got to get to the Super Bowl, and you've got to win it. That's the evaluation we're all accountable to.''' ,'''I learned from Al Davis. We didn't have any secretaries. Secretaries, really, in Oakland were young football people.''' ,'''Some guys, nothing bothers them. Eli Manning is one of those players.''' ,'''I think there is a huge ceiling in Derek Carr. I think he has proven that.''' ,'''I like being with the quarterbacks. I like calling the plays.''' ,'''You have to help your players understand that when they speak to the media, or when they tweet or text or e-mail, a lot of times, they become public knowledge.''' ,'''God bless Tony Romo.''' ,'''I break down the tape like I'm a quality-control coach, just like I was with the Packers in 1992. I break it down by hand, every play.''' ,'''To be a good analyst, you need to know what the trends are and what teams are doing.''' ,'''I just try to get the most out of every day and be prepared for anything.''' ,'''I kind of like to be one of the guardians of the game.''' ,]
+++