+++
author = "Lady Amelia Windsor"
title = "Lady Amelia Windsor Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Lady Amelia Windsor Quotes"
keywords = "lady amelia windsor,lady amelia windsor quotes,lady amelia windsor quote,lady amelia windsor sayings,lady amelia windsor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Dylan Moran, my favourite comedian, was walking down the street in Edinburgh. I nearly got run over as I sprinted up to him to tell him I was his biggest fan. His stand-up comedy gives me a stitch from laughing.''' ,'''I love a big, fat duvet.''' ,'''I originally went to Edinburgh for Latin, which I love and the literature is incredible, but then I suddenly realised that languages are so crucial for working in the fashion industry and it is wonderful when you can communicate with everyone.''' ,'''There is nothing better than leaving a salon with freshly cut hair, swishing it about proudly all the way home.''' ,'''Instagram is wonderful in so many ways, but it's also something that should be used with respect - for yourself and for other people.''' ,'''I think it's important to feel comfortable in the make-up you're wearing.''' ,'''I would love to work in content and digital media.''' ,'''You should wear make-up that celebrates your own features and brings out your individual beauty.''' ,'''I listen to audiobooks: the last one was Vivienne Westwood's biography. She's the most amazing woman. The way she's used her platform in fashion to be an activist and promote causes like global warming, climate change, and inequality in the world... It gives high fashion, what seems like it can be 'for a certain group,' a way to help real causes.''' ,'''I love charity shops.''' ,'''We are spoilt for beauty in Edinburgh, it's so close to the sea and the mountains.''' ,'''I can be quite last minute because I'm all over the place. Sometimes you can be thinking 'Oh my gosh, what am I wearing?' on your way there. It's a learning experience with each thing you go to.''' ,'''Day-to-day I normally wear concealer and bronzer. For occasions, lots of eye make-up, a strong mascara and a smoky or glittery eye in gold or silver.''' ,'''I love walking everywhere I go and following City Mapper.''' ,'''I really love sparkly eyeshadows.''' ,'''I'd love to maybe explore editorial, or join a creative team for a brand, looking at imagery and content. Fashion is so vast, there's a million things.''' ,'''Don't dress for anyone else, dress so that you can stare at your own reflection in shop windows walking down the street.''' ,'''You often need to take a step back and think about what reality is, and what the world was like before Instagram - things weren't about perfecting something for an hour just for a photo.''' ,'''I love braids and messy plaits.''' ,'''I always use a cleanser, toner, serum and moisturiser to balance the skin.''' ,'''To see how much goes into making a fashion business is quite exciting.''' ,'''Zadie Smith's 'NW' is keeping me company on my solo travels.''' ,'''I have really thick bushy eyebrows that I used to pluck into a thin line which used to really annoy my Mum!''' ,'''You don't have to have a specific style. It can enhance how you want to feel on a specific day.''' ,'''There is just so much beauty in Cambridge. It's wonderful.''' ,'''I don't really have a specific style, it changes every day depending on who I am with, or the place I am near. In London, it's a bit more punk.''' ,'''I think too much.''' ,'''I would love to live in Dorset or Devon and swim in the sea every day come rain or shine.''' ,'''It's important to remember that what you see on Instagram is not reality. I find it hard to not be on my phone the whole time comparing myself to what I see on social media.''' ,'''We're all aware of the huge plastic crisis and the effect it's having on our planet. Fashion has a key role in that, but also there are ways we can deal with it. Stella McCartney is someone to look up to in that sense, she makes the bigger point in her collection that you can be sustainable and stylish.''' ,'''I'm so easily inspired - if I like someone in the street's clothing, I always say 'You look amazing.'''' ,'''In Edinburgh, they've got the most insane charity shops ever.''' ,'''London fashion is epic.''' ,'''It's so important to read a book before bed and do some weird stretching.''' ,'''Always compliment someone if you can, I think.''' ,]
+++