+++
author = "Lisa See"
title = "Lisa See Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Lisa See Quotes"
keywords = "lisa see,lisa see quotes,lisa see quote,lisa see sayings,lisa see saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My hardcover sales are 17% down in books but up 400% in electronics.''' ,'''I think to really be literate in nu shu you only need about 600 characters because it is phonetic. So you're able to then create many words out of one character.''' ,'''I love research. I'd go so far as to say I'm a research fanatic.''' ,'''A book is one kind of an art form and a film is a different art form. I think as a writer you just have to say, well the book is one thing, and the film is a completely different one.''' ,'''Opera tells stories through the pure emotion of music. An exhibition has to tell a story purely visually. I've tried to incorporate both of those things - pure emotion and being more visual - into my writing.''' ,'''One of the things that's pretty unique about nu shu, when you look especially at these old letters and stories that have been saved, is that there are certain lines that are very standard that are used again and again. It's almost like a formula in a sense, so that these certain lines come up again and again.''' ,'''I think all women have a friend who at some point dumped them or betrayed them or deeply disappointed them. And at the same time all women have a friend who they dumped or betrayed or hurt in some way. That's universal in women's friendships.''' ,'''I don't really know anything about the movie business, even though I've lived in Los Angeles my whole life - somehow I've never bumped into it.''' ,'''But there are certain books I would never put on a Kindle because you want to be able to look at graphs and photos or the footnotes and maps. You can't see that.''' ,'''I write what I'm interested in.''' ,'''I am an eighth Chinese, and I come from a large Chinese-American family in Los Angeles.''' ,'''It used to happen in villages and towns in China that they would have - I guess you'd call them beauty contests - where all of the women of a particular village or town would be seated behind these screens or curtains with only their feet showing.''' ,'''Nu shu means women's writing. And it was a secret writing system that was invented by women, used by women and kept a secret by women in one very remote county in China for a thousand years. It's the only language that was invented and used by women to have been found anywhere in the world.''' ,'''And one of the interesting things about bound feet is that they never age.''' ,'''People write to me all the time, and I write back.''' ,'''I think sometimes as an adult, you take people for what they do, and what they are now, instead of the whole picture of their lives.''' ,'''And often it would be a woman who was in her 70s or 80s who would win the beauty contest, because bound feet never age.''' ,'''People come in and out of our lives, and the true test of friendship is whether you can pick back up right where you left off the last time you saw each other.''' ,'''But, you know, I just did a big trip in the spring to Vietnam and Cambodia and Thailand, and that's when I bought a Kindle. I have like 15 books on this one little gizmo. But when I came home, the first night I picked up the book that was on my nightstand and I went right back to that.''' ,'''I write a thousand words a day.''' ,'''Some of what I am doing when I am researching is looking for things people in my family have done and finding out what those things mean, why they did those things and seeing how I fit into them.''' ,]
+++