+++
author = "Kodie Shane"
title = "Kodie Shane Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Kodie Shane Quotes"
keywords = "kodie shane,kodie shane quotes,kodie shane quote,kodie shane sayings,kodie shane saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew up around '90s, 2000s R&B, which is my favorite. But I'm a rock star.''' ,'''Music is all I know. I can't get a job.''' ,'''I always knew I would do music. At first, I wanted to play basketball, and when I let go of that dream when I was 11, I pretty much knew I was going to be in music.''' ,'''I just want people to listen to the music and get something from it, whatever it may be. Whether it's a catchy lyric or a whole situation.''' ,'''My music is a little ahead of its time.''' ,'''I just think that it's important for all the younger kids in the world to not be scared of who they are.''' ,'''I personally feel a responsibility to demonstrate to that we girls have the power to not only gain equality for women but all sectors of society.''' ,'''Feminism, to me, is nothing more and nothing less than the belief in equality for women.''' ,'''When it comes to fitting in, I think I'm really fly. It's not really hard; I'm just being myself.''' ,'''If I'm 100 percent myself, I feel like I can go and create any type of music I want.''' ,'''The younger generation of hip-hop artists believes in doing something irreverent, inventing a new style. That's all it's about.''' ,'''I'm very big on being an example for my peers when it comes to standing tall in your own light.''' ,'''I will really go looking at memes and be crying sometimes.''' ,'''It's social progress to just be you.''' ,'''I do not wear thongs, man.''' ,'''I'm very carefree - I wear whatever I want.''' ,'''I would just say keep people around you that you can really trust. You can't let everyone dig in your pot of gold.''' ,'''That's one thing I definitely learned was to always be aware of what's going on around you.''' ,'''For me, experience is everything when it comes to writing.''' ,'''This is just a long shot, but I definitely would want to work with Frank Ocean. He's the man.''' ,'''I definitely love touring with Yachty. His fans are honestly really nice, because I've been in front of some mean crowds. They're definitely a diverse, alternative crowd that just want to hear good music and have a good time.''' ,'''Keeping it simple, 'Bounce Back' explains my trust issues. I'm sure everyone can relate in some way.''' ,'''There are times when I may be really into a person or a thing, and even though my heart is present, my mind travels.''' ,'''I want to be the leader of the youth. Leader of the new school.''' ,'''I hear stuff in my head all day.''' ,'''I have very few real friends because I don't really feel like I fit in with a lot of people.''' ,'''I feel like people being themselves and not being scared of judgment, they're putting that into their music, and it's like, 'Wow, they came up with something fire because they didn't care how you were going to feel about it. They didn't care if you were going to like it or not.'''' ,'''I'm super emotional; I don't know if anyone knows that.''' ,'''I have this nonstop energy that's almost annoying, like how a little sister would be.''' ,'''I'm trying to be like Drake and make my own genre.''' ,'''I probably talked to my mom about my sexuality first before anyone.''' ,'''Sometimes I sit down and write, but I can write in my head line by line.''' ,'''I feel like everyone has been judging me based on 'Drip on My Walk,' and that's cool, but that was the fun record I did. That doesn't define me, but for some reason, that's how the world looks at it.''' ,'''I love Ashanti, so that was my thing. I liked that whole era. I don't know what to call that era but that feel good thing. Like Ja Rule, all of that. I like Cam'ron, Fabolous, all of that.''' ,'''You can go to school wearing whatever you want. You can wear boy clothes if you want to. Do what you want.''' ,'''I'd like to encourage young adults to love themselves and others more.''' ,'''My goal, in general, is to make music for the youth that the youth can love. Not only just for the youth but almost be their voice. Just show that they can do whatever they want.''' ,'''I've always been a tomboy.''' ,'''I'm a sap. I like love movies. I watch too many of those.''' ,'''I'm comfortable in general - not just comfortable as an artist, but in my skin.''' ,'''I love Beyonce; she's great. But I'm not into 'Lemonade.'''' ,'''I definitely hope that I'm inspiring a lot of different female artists to run with the boys.''' ,'''It's easy to get caught up in what's trending.''' ,'''Turning up your fashion and style is taking it to the next level of who you are. My swag is beastie - it's different, it's fun, and it's diverse. It's turnt up!''' ,'''Yachty is really quiet when you first meet him, and that was different to me. That's just how he is. He's chill, but he'll talk to you. My first thought when I met him? 'Oh, I could get along with this guy.'''' ,]
+++