+++
author = "Suresh Gopi"
title = "Suresh Gopi Quotes"
quotes_len = "54"
description = "the best 54 Suresh Gopi Quotes"
keywords = "suresh gopi,suresh gopi quotes,suresh gopi quote,suresh gopi sayings,suresh gopi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Anakattil Chackochi was a titular character that appealed to all irrespective of age and my son, as a kid, used to call himself Kochu Chackochi.''' ,'''Maybe I have some god-given gift to act as a policeman.''' ,'''Even though no offer has come, I will certainly accept an offer if it comes from the BJP to join the government.''' ,'''I am able to do social service only because of the name I gained from acting.''' ,'''All my films have raised questions on issues that are contemporary and relevant to our times.''' ,'''After all, what is cinema? It is an interaction, a discussion that throws up questions and provides some solutions. The solutions might look simple, impractical or too fictionalised. But one must realise that viewers empathise with certain characters because they strike a chord with the viewers' needs and frame of mind.''' ,'''I am what I am only because of films.''' ,'''For me, acting as Raja Ravi Varma, a legend, is not just exciting but very challenging.''' ,'''Why should there be a different set of laws for criminals who are juveniles? As far as I am concerned there should be no reason for any leniency.''' ,'''A lot of people consider the actors as their role models and look up to them for guidance. When your decision affects the lives of others, you have to learn to live up to the responsibility.''' ,'''Modi invite me for his swearing in ceremony and I did attend it.''' ,'''Be it a cop, or an IAS officer or even a goonda, the audience wants to see me as a person who discusses social issues, asks questions that they have and squeeze out answers from those concerned.''' ,'''Artistes don't grow old, instead they grow younger.''' ,'''Yes, I would love to do more such films that take on issues like corruption.''' ,'''I know that keeping aloof is not a wise thing but since I have nothing to prove, please don't depict me as an escapist.''' ,'''Look at the plight of a devotee. One cannot even use the name of his favourite God. What sort of democracy is this?''' ,'''When a riot happens in a city or a town or a village, the man in charge of the place is held responsible, and the same thing has happened to Modi.''' ,'''I have found a perfect balance between work and social activities and I intend to give both my best.''' ,'''Art can influence people, and indeed it should do that as well.''' ,'''But what we have is not democracy; it is demonocracy! We are ruled by demons.''' ,'''I wish other films were shot like 'Melvilasom.'''' ,'''I am neither dejected nor depressed because every one has a bad phase in one's life. I realized it the hard way because the momentum of my social life too slowed down.''' ,'''I belong to a strong Congress family. Right from my grandfather, my family has been supporting the Congress.''' ,'''I am not responsible for being cast as a police officer often.''' ,'''The opponents of Mr. Modi can never change the mind of the people who have accepted and adored him as a statesman and national leader.''' ,'''An artiste like me can never be satisfied because it is the dissatisfaction that helps me grow and achieve what I want to.''' ,'''See, my passion is films and I don't believe in political parties.''' ,'''Social work and politics never go together although the intention behind politics is social work.''' ,'''I was contacted by Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore, MP, through the Pune Film Institute and offered the post in the NFDC. I accepted it for the sake of Kerala and because it is an opportunity for improving the content of Doordarshan.''' ,'''As a great devotee, I consider a Brahmin who wears the sacred thread as God.''' ,'''I admire Mammootty as an actor and I have no issues sharing the screen with him.''' ,'''I am a person with no desperation and I live on hope, but the difference is that I do not compromise on hope.''' ,'''I was a star campaigner for the Aruvikkara byelection and the assembly elections. They were very valuable experiences.''' ,'''Melvilasam' broke a short, silent phase in my career.''' ,'''I always wanted to do more comedy roles.''' ,'''When parents accused me of polluting young minds, I was hurt.''' ,'''I feel that a doctor should have the vision of a leader.''' ,'''My father died. No one from this industry came to offer condolences to my house. No one offered few words to console me. Why should I continue in this cruel film world? I am discontinuing my acting career.''' ,'''Success keeps you going as a person and as an actor.''' ,'''I have a very clear, genuine vision about what political work should be, what politics and politicians should contribute to the nation.''' ,'''According to my stars, I will live up to age 70.''' ,'''Even I feel I am an ambassador for the Indian police. Even if someone doesn't want to give me that credit, I want to have it for myself.''' ,'''All of us make mistakes and one learns from the bitter lessons of the past.''' ,'''If someone asks me whether I have seen God in flesh and blood, my answer would be that I believe that a temple priest is the God in front of me.''' ,'''Even as a child, I knew what the symbol of the Congress was.''' ,'''My films and roles have given me a special place in the hearts of people. I am aware that it is a huge responsibility and I am doing my best to live up to those expectations.''' ,'''I feel nationalism is the basic essence of my statements or revolts.''' ,'''It is not the right style to think that one person can control everything.''' ,'''Yes, I have political aptitude and attitude too.''' ,'''I have seen pain. I can feel the pain of those who undergo it. Pain gets transferred to those who see someone suffering.''' ,'''When you are involved with the film and the character, you don't find it tiresome at all. But if you think it's tiresome, it will be.''' ,'''It is always good to take a break and then come back with more strength. You can access things from a different point of view.''' ,'''When I met Narendra Modi in 2014, I submitted an 18-point agenda which included the issues faced by the tribesmen in the State.''' ,'''I don't believe there is a need for a first among equals when it comes to the industry's top actors.''' ,]
+++