+++
author = "Kasper Schmeichel"
title = "Kasper Schmeichel Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Kasper Schmeichel Quotes"
keywords = "kasper schmeichel,kasper schmeichel quotes,kasper schmeichel quote,kasper schmeichel sayings,kasper schmeichel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''No one asks the players' opinions. They tell us the rules but they won't listen to us.''' ,'''I'd love to make the switch over to NFL. I'd love to try it but I'm not really sure what position I'd play. I'd probably have to be a kicker.''' ,'''City were great to me in so many ways for the education and the people I was able to work with. I will be forever grateful for that.''' ,'''The loan spells were great, I always pushed for them.''' ,'''If you want to surround yourself with a lot of people and be pampered then that is a decision you make yourself. Personally I don't do it and I don't feel the need to do it.''' ,'''Watching people like my dad, Paul Scholes, Ryan Giggs, David Beckham and Eric Cantona every day in training was incredible. I saw how hard they worked, the perfectionism and absolute dedication required to reach the top.''' ,'''I first heard about Common Goal through Juan Mata and knew it was something I'd be interested in.''' ,'''One of my biggest goals is to not be remembered as just a footballer.''' ,'''To win four games in a row at any point in the season for any team in the Premier League is a great achievement.''' ,'''I came across a picture of myself back at Old Trafford stood next to the Premier League trophy. One of my friends said to me, 'Do you honestly think you will ever win it?' I said I had dreamed about it, but wasn't sure. He said, 'If you don't believe it, it will never happen.' From that moment I said I would believe it could happen one day.''' ,'''That is the just the beauty of football - anything can happen.''' ,'''If you have got pace and awareness of where you want the ball and where you want to go yourself, you are getting in positions behind defenders and that is what defenders want the least.''' ,'''One in 10 women will get breast cancer at some stage in their life and that's quite a scary thought.''' ,'''The crazy thing about my story is that I only came to Leicester City because Leeds didn't want me. A lot of footballers say that, and it's almost a cliche. But the chairman literally told me that they didn't want me.''' ,'''Copenhagen is my local club where I live in Denmark and is the club I've been to watch more than anybody else. But that's literally because the stadium is two minutes from my house.''' ,'''I used to love Mark Clattenburg.''' ,'''Alisson is a top-class goalkeeper, from what I've seen. He performed brilliantly for Roma, and for Brazil as well.''' ,'''You enter every competition wanting to go as far as you can.''' ,'''I was incredibly lucky when I grew up because coming down with Dad for training I saw the best players of their generation train every day.''' ,'''A clean sheet is always nice but I'd rather win 2-1 than get a 0-0.''' ,'''I came to Notts County and I loved being there. It was great to play a full season and win the League Two championship.''' ,'''Opposition fans try to get under my skin by singing, 'You'll never be your father' - and they are quite right, I never will be as good as him. But I would still love to make a name for myself, aim to play at the highest level possible, and prove that sons who follow their dads into the same business need not walk in their shadows.''' ,'''People see you for 90 minutes a week, they don't see the all the effort and time that goes into the weekend.''' ,'''I am happy with how my career has gone. What other people want to make of it is irrelevant to me.''' ,'''I would back myself against any keeper in the world.''' ,'''I did not play for Manchester City and I had no prospects to play, so there was no reason to stay.''' ,'''It's good when a manager names his goalkeeper and backs him. That's the sort of thing you want. You want to know you've got that backing and you're not one mistake away from getting dropped.''' ,'''The family are the people who see you day in day out through all the bad times as well.''' ,'''There is no one with higher expectations of me than myself. I cannot control other's expectations.''' ,'''I'd say I have a better view of the game than anybody that's why I have always thought that goalkeepers make the best captains.''' ,'''Pressure does things to people.''' ,'''I can only have admiration for the Irish as a nation.''' ,'''Relegation means everything to a club, a city, a whole community. People lose their jobs.''' ,'''Manuel Neuer changed the game completely, probably back in about 2010 at the World Cup. He had been playing as a sweeper keeper before but it was something completely new to see it to that extent for Bayern Munich and for Germany. Both his coaches, Joachim Low and Pep Guardiola; they utilised the fact that he was brave enough to do that.''' ,'''The only thing I do is to try to play my own game and be myself.''' ,'''I tend not to listen to pundits.''' ,'''To me, as a keeper, you don't learn anything from sitting in the stands collecting a paycheck. You don't learn from eating the organic lunches at the buffet, you know what I mean? You can only learn from experience.''' ,'''You'll make mistakes, but if you make mistakes by trying to do the right things, then they're mistakes that most coaches and most teammates can accept.''' ,'''When you're a kid you want to be a striker, you want to be scoring goals. I still want to be scoring goals! It's the easiest part of football, no it's not, it's the best part of football - the one you enjoy the most. But I always knew that my particular skill set was more suited to being a goalkeeper.''' ,'''He has nothing to do with me and football really. I don't see any need for us to start talking about football. Some players have relationships with their fathers where they talk football and get into arguments about it. It is something we have never done. It is just a natural thing, he is my dad and not my coach.''' ,'''When I was a kid and my dad was playing for Man United, I used to stand behind the goal watching Eric Cantona, David Beckham, Paul Scholes, Mark Hughes, Andrei Kanchelskis, Ryan Giggs... and I used to try to save all their shots that went wide, imagining I was deciding the title for United.''' ,'''In this life, you end up getting what you deserve.''' ,'''From the beginning of my time in football, the common thread has always been teamwork and togetherness. That's what's going to help you achieve your goals in the end.''' ,'''The FA Cup has a special place in our family's hearts because my dad won it three times with Manchester United.''' ,'''My dad was a fantastic keeper and I am extremely proud of his achievements.''' ,'''When you go out on loan it's not the glitz and glamour, there's nowhere near the amount of money there is at the top level. People's livelihoods are on the line, mortgages and families. You are making decisions which can affect people.''' ,'''It was part of my dream when I was a kid to become a footballer, is to have that pressure, to be the man who is going to be there when everything is on the line.''' ,'''Goalkeepers need to have some stability, some certainty and some freedom to make mistakes knowing that you're not going to have to pay the consequences, other than conceding a goal.''' ,'''For me, pressure is part of the game, that I really enjoy.''' ,'''When you win a Premier League title it still feels a bit surreal after a couple of weeks.''' ,'''A lot of goalkeepers are naturally very vocal and outgoing so it's a natural thing for a keeper.''' ,'''In Europe, you are taught to keep the ball out of the net any way possible. That's why Germany and Spain have the best goalkeepers in the world. They give young goalkeepers a chance and accept they are going to make mistakes. Long term, that will reap huge rewards.''' ,'''When you're a manager it's different from being a coach.''' ,'''You are responsible for your own career, if you ain't preparing right, you are not going to get picked.''' ,'''My dad had a great career and if I could win a tenth of what he did in football, I'd be happy.''' ,'''I hated getting to a Saturday and not having a game. For me it was about playing.''' ,'''Training every day - I loved everything about that.''' ,'''As a player you appreciate a manager who can maybe compromise a bit in his own ways for the good of the team.''' ,'''Football was so over-awing, so intense, just everything in your life. You couldn't go anywhere, really, with my dad and the circus around football became too much for me at a young age. I fell back in love with it probably around 13-14. It was much to do with the camaraderie, the team-work and being part of a team.''' ,'''I think the Nigel Pearson, on the outside in the media seat, is very, very different to the guy that we see on a daily basis. I've said many times that he's the best manager that I've ever played under and creates a great atmosphere and platform for his players to start to perform.''' ,'''English football's history is so rich and the size of the clubs around, the so-called big six, are so big that it is difficult to break into that for a club like Leicester.''' ,'''I think my level over the years has shown I am improving all the time.''' ,'''The grass is not always greener on the other side. It is about recognising what you do have and being grateful for what you do have.''' ,'''The important statistic is the number of games you win.''' ,'''I might not be very approachable because through my whole life, from when I was eight years old, I had people camping behind my goal and hearing the whispers, 'It's Peter Schmeichel's son.'''' ,'''I was doing, in my eyes, nothing at Manchester City. You can train all day but it comes down to match situations when you go out on loan to lower league clubs.''' ,'''This is Joe Hart we're talking about. People have very, very short memories. This is a guy who has won the league with Manchester City, has won the Golden Gloves I don't know how many times, and has 80 caps for England, so people have got to remember what and who he is and treat him with more respect.''' ,'''We have the utmost respect for any team we play, football is a game where there is no right or wrong way of playing.''' ,'''I feel just an overwhelming sense of pride of being part of the family that Vichai built and the extended family of Leicester City.''' ,'''It's a lonely position and those are the margins you play in as a goalkeeper - you simply cannot make mistakes because you will be punished.''' ,'''I think I am a bit different to how my Dad was. He had very set routines, I take it as it comes.''' ,'''Goalkeeping is so mental you've got to be focused all the time. You come off the pitch drained in a different way to an outfield player. You'd probably be more mentally drained.''' ,'''You have got to dream big.''' ,'''Any day of the week you'd rather your team win rather than have personal achievements.''' ,'''There was a point in my life where I had enough of football.''' ,'''So the difference between goalkeepers and outfielders is the little, tiny, minute details which are the difference and when they go against you, they are really glaring and they will be spotted.''' ,'''Obviously I always back myself in any situation.''' ,'''I've played in nearly every league and country on these islands, apart from League One. I've played in Scotland, I've played in Wales, in the Premier League and in the Championship. I've been lucky to get a broad footballing education.''' ,'''It is a very common thing that players do, to live away from their clubs. You have families and if they are settled somewhere, I don't see any reason they should uproot everything just for you.''' ,'''The surname's definitely not been a help, that's for sure, but it's got no relevance to me at all. That's my name, I've always fielded those questions from the media, but I just get on with it.''' ,'''You can train all you want but when the pressure's on it's a tough situation and anyone who has the nerve to step up and take one has my utmost respect.''' ,'''That is something a lot of managers want to do - they bring their own people and do everything their own way.''' ,'''You can never replicate the pressure you're under in a game.''' ,'''Two years of uncertainty is tough for anyone and having everyone call your ability into question is bound to be tough.''' ,'''My world, the world that I have grown up in, is very different. I have had intrusions from the outside since the day I was born because of my dad. Always wanting to talk to you. A lot of players only get that when they turn pro so the first 18 years of their life were the same as any other person's.''' ,'''Ryan Giggs is an idol - I don't think there's any other words for him. What he achieved at Manchester United, and what he achieved in football, is unparalleled.''' ,'''You look at situations like Thibaut Courtois and Petr Cech at Chelsea, two of the best goalkeepers in the world at the same club, one of them's going to be unhappy.''' ,'''At the end of the day it's 11 men versus 11 on the pitch.''' ,'''Captaining Leicester is one of the greatest honours in my career so I feel very privileged.''' ,'''The pressure of being a goalkeeper is one of those things that attracts a lot of people to the position, if you don't have that, if you don't enjoy that pressure, I don't think you're suited to playing goalkeeper. It's about being strong mentally, being able to see the difference between making honest mistake and silly mistakes.''' ,'''For me the important thing is I have four honest lads in front of me who give their everything.''' ,'''The way Ederson plays is so brave. To dare to play like that is bravery and it also enables City to play with a much higher press. They are able to really press because they know any ball in behind he will sweep up.''' ,'''Clean sheets is a misleading statistic. It gives you the platform to win a game but you can lead 5-0 and concede a goal.''' ,'''I'm happy to talk to anybody but do it in the right manner.''' ,'''Winning anything is always the goal but the FA Cup is something special.''' ,'''My wife and I have already set up a charity back in Denmark - Fodbold Fonden - and now, through Common Goal, I have a great opportunity to give back in other areas of the world as well.''' ,'''Notts County were League Two and they had they great plans. Things were happening and I was like 'wow these guys are serious.' It was a mad season because we were flying private jets to game. It was all a farce and I had signed a five-year contract.''' ,'''Even when I was down in the fourth division with Bury at 19, fighting off relegation, training in a local park with dogs running around everywhere, literally stepping over broken bottles to take a goal kick - I was learning.''' ,'''You come across very few people in your life that really impact you.''' ,'''I have no bad feelings towards Leeds. The fans were amazing and I hope, for their sake especially, that they get what they deserve.''' ,]
+++