+++
author = "Chelsea Peretti"
title = "Chelsea Peretti Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Chelsea Peretti Quotes"
keywords = "chelsea peretti,chelsea peretti quotes,chelsea peretti quote,chelsea peretti sayings,chelsea peretti saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''Chels-emojis' are in the works. I use emojis heavily in life, and I think a lot of people do. There are a number that are frustratingly absent - you know how there's kind of a generic white man and a generic white woman? I just want to put a generic black man and a generic black woman.''' ,'''On tour, it's either call ex-boyfriends or tweet a lot. You're just looking for any proof that you're not completely alone.''' ,'''It's really irritating. Even people who like my work sometimes come up to me and say, 'I usually don't like female comedians, but your material is great!' It makes the job prospect more daunting. Funny is funny, you know?''' ,'''It's pretty satisfying to use an image when you don't have a great articulate response. And to be able to customize emoji? Imagine if you were a car enthusiast and you were able to create a car from scratch. That's what this is like for me. I'm an emoji enthusiast.''' ,'''I think that with podcasts, a lot of things are about fostering and having a direct connection with the community.''' ,'''I would say that I have a love-hate relationship with almost everything in my life, including stand-up.''' ,'''We went to a very small high school. It was, like, in a wooded house; it was a weird school. I hung out with a lot of guys in high school, and I did theater with a few of my close girlfriends.''' ,'''I performed after 9/11 for relief workers down by Ground Zero. There were these men just coming back, and they were voraciously hungry. They were heroes, pulling rubble, and I was a new comic trying to go blue just so I could get some laughs.''' ,'''I'm Jewish and Italian, and I lucked out and got the nose of both cultures.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with nature and living in the wild, which I just think is crazy. Imagine if a bear attacked you! That's an actual possible way you could die.''' ,'''When I was in New York, I got to see Joan Rivers do an hour of material, and it blew my mind. I don't remember how old she was at the time, but she just had this edgy hour that had so much funny stuff in it, and she was so fearless. If you only watch her on the red carpet, you don't get a sense of what a legendary standup comedian she is.''' ,'''I really want to interview Larry David.''' ,'''I do feel like guys feel pressure to be funny with me, which is kind of annoying. It's a turn-off if someone's trying hard to be funny because it feels like they're auditioning for a comedy job or something. It doesn't feel romantic to me. I get so much comedy from my life that, from a guy, I'm more looking for something sweet or romantic.''' ,'''So many people: Lucille Ball is the earliest incarnation of a woman I thought was funny, Joan Rivers, Roseanne, Carol Burnett, Gilda Radnor, down to current times, where you have Amy Poehler, Tina Fey, and Kristen Wiig.''' ,'''People see technology as something that will ruin society and culture, but I've always embraced technology.''' ,'''Working on 'Parks' was like heaven because everyone there was just intimidatingly intelligent and funny, and we would have these hilarious debates about really tangential things. It was inspiring because I felt really challenged to be my best.''' ,'''When I was little, people would ask what my favorite color was, and I never knew. I find it's really hard to make decisive 'best' answers on what the 'best' of something is.''' ,'''I only do private room karaoke where it's just me and one of my closest girlfriends. My mom always said I could really belt songs out, and the Dixie Chicks feed that encouragement.''' ,'''I barely watch TV. Somehow, I make it work with just the Internet. On TV, there's always so much crap, and you have to flip around.''' ,'''Sometimes when I'm nervous, that's when the most interesting things happen.''' ,'''It's hard to bury your head in Los Angeles. People come up to you and say, 'Hey, I saw your picture on a bus.' It's tricky: You're excited by the possibilities, but you don't want to get too crazy.''' ,]
+++