+++
author = "Peter Jurasik"
title = "Peter Jurasik Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Peter Jurasik Quotes"
keywords = "peter jurasik,peter jurasik quotes,peter jurasik quote,peter jurasik sayings,peter jurasik saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''At the end of four years' time, at graduation, we were down to 12. At our reunion that we had several years ago, only 1 out of the 52 actually made it to ordination and priesthood. So there you go, there's your numbers.''' ,'''I was born in New York.''' ,'''So when I was 13, I basically left home and never returned and lived at home again. I would come home for a week at Christmas and two weeks in the summer only.''' ,'''We were just a gaggle of kids, and everybody played together and had a good time. You know how kids can be completely horrible - abusive but fun. But anyway, it was a nice childhood.''' ,'''I left because I decided it just really wasn't for me, and I got a better understanding of what the Catholic Church needed from its priests and ministers.''' ,'''I was unwilling to - without getting too philosophical about it - I was unwilling to structure my spirituality in the way that the church wanted me to structure it.''' ,'''Very intense first summer out, to be 18 years old and never having gone on a date, never having smoked a cigarette, never had a drink, even a sip of beer, never kissed a girl, all of those things. It made for a fairly intense first year out.''' ,'''Interesting enough, we had a reunion of the 12 of us who graduated, right? The only one who wasn't there was the guy who became a priest, and he was literally in prison in Libya, for being a Catholic priest. Isn't that interesting? Everybody else made the reunion but that guy.''' ,'''I have a much wider, freer view about spirituality. I feel that people need to pursue it on their own, personally. You know, let it be theirs - a personal relationship with their soul, or their God, or with their church.''' ,'''I'm very cautious about talking about how actors got where they got, as though there is in fact a plan or a way. There is no plan, there is no way, there's no sure set, there's no handbook, on how to get to be an actor.''' ,'''I studied with the idea of becoming a Catholic priest.''' ,'''Like I said on my bio on my webpage, I was born at an early age, I was close to my mother.''' ,'''That was my aspiration, so I was there in a seminary with just boys who were studying to be priests. Pretty rigorous schooling; we never got home, we stayed there all year.''' ,'''My childhood is completely... when I look back, it was '50s in New York, upper-middle class, it was completely idyllic and golden and wonderful - sweet in every way.''' ,'''I went whole hog at the actor's lifestyle - really embraced it. I had by then known how much I loved acting already, because I discovered acting from a teacher in the seminary - that's the first place I ever did it, in the seminary.''' ,'''I was born in Queens, New York, which is a suburb of New York City.''' ,]
+++