+++
author = "Ryan Gosling"
title = "Ryan Gosling Quotes"
quotes_len = "154"
description = "the best 154 Ryan Gosling Quotes"
keywords = "ryan gosling,ryan gosling quotes,ryan gosling quote,ryan gosling sayings,ryan gosling saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You can tell so much about somebody by the films they make, and it's only while I approach this do I now realize how much of the filmmaker you can see in their films.''' ,'''I've lost perspective on what I'm doing. I think it's good for me to take a break and reassess why I'm doing it and how I'm doing it. And I think this is probably a good way to learn about that. I need a break from myself as much as I imagine the audience does.''' ,'''Watching myself. Watching the people around me. There was some part of me that was there as a kid and growing up and living my life, but there was also some part of me that was watching it all happen from the nosebleeds.''' ,'''I have a friend that is a WWII buff, and we sat and talked a lot about stuff like the war and the reasons behind it, and you now it's all in the uniform. Once you're in it, it usually does all the work for you.''' ,'''Cars can have a hypnotic effect. You can get in a car and get out and not really remember the trip.''' ,'''I grew up in a family of strong women and I owe any capacity I have to understand women to my mother and big sister. They taught me to respect women in a way where I've always felt a strong emotional connection to women, which has also helped me in the way I approach my work as an actor.''' ,'''I grew up Mormon. I wasn't really Mormon, my parents were.''' ,'''As a kid I decided that a Canadian accent doesn't sound tough. I thought guys should sound like Marlon Brando. So now I have a phony accent that I can't shake, so it's not phony anymore.''' ,'''My uncle was an Elvis impersonator - his name was Perry, and he went by 'Elvis Perry' - and my work as a wedding singer landed me a spot in his act.''' ,'''I did put on weight for the last half of the film, but the Ferris wheel scene was shot with a harness on me so that if I fell I wouldn't fall all the way.''' ,'''A car is only trouble at a certain point.''' ,'''I feel like I think like a woman because I grew up with my mother and my sister, so I've just been programmed to think like a girl.''' ,'''When you meet your kids, you realize that they deserve great parents. And then you have your marching orders, and you have to try and become the person that they deserve.''' ,'''I really believe my films are going to be successful, that I'm making 'The Blair Witch Project' - something that will transcend expectations and resonate with people.''' ,'''The Internet is just an abstract place. Sure, I've become part of that in some way, but it's hard for me to wrap my head around a lot of it. I prefer just to kind of stay out of it.''' ,'''I know there are only so many characters I'll be able to play.''' ,'''I feel like one of the things that I watched that I felt was really helpful in some way but, more than anything, is worth mentioning was this film 'Boogie Man.' It's a documentary about Lee Atwater.''' ,'''I did what I had to do to get where I wanted to go. I had unearned confidence.''' ,'''Women are better than men.''' ,'''I had a lot of romanticised ideas of what Detroit was like, but I didn't get there until I was 30, and it was very different than I had imagined it.''' ,'''I need a break from myself as much as I imagine the audience does.''' ,'''I think that you can sort of have your own personal journey and you know, you can just kind of apply that to whatever characters you're playing.''' ,'''If the character is true, the movie will fall into place. Or at least that's what you hope.''' ,'''I was very impressed by Walt Disney and the idea that you could have a dream and you could realize it to the point where people could walk around within it... It still resonates with me. I wanted to be somebody who believed in their ideas that much.''' ,'''Working with someone is the best way to get to know someone, especially if it's a creative endeavor.''' ,'''I just sort of feel like John Hughes movies are perfect, but they're missing violence. If they just had some violence, they'd be perfect.''' ,'''I think about death a lot, like I think we all do. I don't think of suicide as an option, but as fun. It's an interesting idea that you can control how you go. It's this thing that's looming, and you can control it.''' ,'''I always wanted to entertain. When I was six, a scrawny, scrawny kid, I'd get in my red speedo and do muscle moves. I actually thought I was muscular. I didn't know everyone was laughing at me.''' ,'''I felt like I was going crazy as a kid. I wanted to be man, get a job.''' ,'''I don't know enough about manliness to define it.''' ,'''I don't believe my house was haunted. I think I had an overactive imagination, and I was so convinced that those around me became convinced, too.''' ,'''I'm not very good at knowing what people want. I don't have that talent. The best I can do is make films that resonate with me and see what happens.''' ,'''There's a lot of pressure to be the lead of a film. I have done it. It's not my favorite way to work.''' ,'''You can't geek out with a lot of people about Linda Manz.''' ,'''I danced a little as a kid here in Canada: in Ottawa at the Elite Dance Studio and at the Top Hat Dance School in Cornwall where I grew up. So I had some experience of having to learn routines.''' ,'''When my films don't do well, I'm hurt and surprised. It's discouraging.''' ,'''I wish I could be Peter Falk.''' ,'''If people want to put me up on their walls, I'll love it.''' ,'''I don't know specifically what scenes I'd like to see violence in - I crave violence when I'm watching a John Hughes movie.''' ,'''I think I was always bound to become two selves, if I wasn't already.''' ,'''Hollywood usually doesn't have strong woman in films like that, and it's stupid, so for the most part they're usually being directed and written by men.''' ,'''I don't like to be entertaining. I don't like the feeling of being entertaining. If there was a musical or a comedy that was not just for entertainment but was rooted in something I could relate to on a real level, then I think I would do it.''' ,'''I'm waiting to get old - I think old guys with tattoos look good.''' ,'''My mother had to tailor what I watched.''' ,'''There's good things about going to church.''' ,'''Muscles. We're talking about muscles? They're like pets, basically, and they're not worth it. They're just not worth it. You have to feed them all the time and take care of them, and if you don't, they just go away. They run away.''' ,'''I try not to discriminate against genres.''' ,'''I'm glad I have an outlet. I don't think I would put my aggression elsewhere, but working on the projects I have worked on, you tend to benefit personally from trying to wrap your head around the way other people look at the world.''' ,'''I read a lot of script. In my opinion, most of them aren't good or aren't about people.''' ,'''I was highly influenced by violence.''' ,'''All my characters are me. I'm not a good enough actor to become a character. I hear about actors who become the role and I think 'I wonder what that feels like.' Because for me, they're all me.''' ,'''I had to keep reminding myself in 'Blue Valentine' that I was actually making a film.''' ,'''When I made 'The Notebook,' the director, Nick Cassavetes, who is John's son, used to show me his father's movies.''' ,'''This is going to sound ridiculous, but I remember watching 'Boyz n the Hood,' and there is a scene where Cuba Gooding, Jr. gets pressed against a car by a police officer, and he starts crying because it's so humiliating. I remember thinking in that moment that I could totally identify with him, and I'm a little white kid from Canada.''' ,'''I love being Canadian. I think growing up in Canada gives you a world perspective that I certainly enjoy.''' ,'''I guess there's something about you don't know why you're attracted to a character, but you're attracted to them enough to want to - it's like when a song comes on, and you feel like dancing. You don't know why; you just want to dance. It's hard to analyze that feeling, and if you do, you get far away from it.''' ,'''If Russell Crowe says that he's Noah, he's Noah. You never doubt it. If he says that he's the Gladiator, he's the Gladiator. He's every character that he says he is. I've never doubted anything that he's done.''' ,'''I never was that boy who loved gangster films, but when I was growing up, I was obsessed with the detective Dick Tracy. It was one of my favourite movies as a kid, and he really inspired me. I would have loved to be part of that golden age of Hollywood in the 1940s. It made me want to become an actor.''' ,'''Most movies, you have to try and forget you're making a movie, because there are trailers and booms and lights and marks, and it's everywhere.''' ,'''My sister and I used to sing at weddings. We would sing 'When a Man Loves a Woman' to the bride. We'd do it right before the garter ceremony.''' ,'''I've been thinking about a bank robbery my whole life.''' ,'''You know us crazy kids. We'll do anything crazy to our hair.''' ,'''I just have my own taste, and I just try and stick with that. I'm just trying to play as many characters as I can for as long as I have an opportunity to.''' ,'''There used to be a candy called 'Bonkers,' which I believe to be the greatest candy of all time.''' ,'''When you drive, you can kind of put your identity aside in the passenger's seat because you're not being watched, and you can just be the watcher.''' ,'''I make a mean tuna fish sandwich.''' ,'''Sometimes I think that the one thing I love most about being an adult is the right to buy candy whenever and wherever I want.''' ,'''I'm Canadian, and so American politics aren't really in my wheelhouse.''' ,'''I'm attracted to films that have strong female characters because there are strong female characters in my life. That's my own reality, so it's a doorway into a world for me.''' ,'''There's something messed up with my brain.''' ,'''I don't believe in ghosts.''' ,'''I don't think you can discriminate against budgets, you know? I'm an actor, I guess, so I'm just trying to play as many characters as I can. If there's a character I think I can play, and they're going to let me do it, I'll do it whether it's $10 or $1 million or more.''' ,'''I had my hustle. It was whatever I could do to not end up working in a factory. If I had to shake it like a showgirl, I was going to do it.''' ,'''I feel like everything has happened naturally.''' ,'''I think the 'Law of Attraction' comes from a rich, white, privileged perspective.''' ,'''I sometimes forget to have breakfast in the morning, but when I actually buy a box of cereal, I will probably eat it not only for breakfast but also as a snack later on.''' ,'''I loved growing up in Canada. It's a great place to grow up because - well, at least where I grew up - it's very multicultural. There's also good health care and a good education system.''' ,'''The theme for me is love and the lack of it. We all want that and we don't know how to get it, and everything we do is some kind of attempt to capture it for ourselves.''' ,'''Some of the styles of dance in 'La La Land' I wish I had spent time on when I was a kid.''' ,'''I'm going to make a movie about 'Hey Girl.'''' ,'''Actors become very professional and proficient about watching out for each other's light and not stepping on each other's lines.''' ,'''I'd like to see some Broadway shows at some point in time.''' ,'''What a lot of people don't understand about the NC-17, which I didn't understand, is that you can't show it in major theater chains - and you can't even air spots for your film on television. It really stigmatizes the movie.''' ,'''The '70s just seemed dirty, honestly, and not in an interesting way. It's not the '80s. In fact, it's 10 less. I grew up in the '80s, so that's more of an interesting time to me.''' ,'''You feel good if you've done hard work. You sleep better. You get stuck in your head if you have too much time to think.''' ,'''I think we just knew that we had a movie when Rachel walked in the room.''' ,'''The people of Disney are so incredibly amazing; they are so nice.''' ,'''Anybody could write a bad script, and I'm one of them, you know?''' ,'''I feel like I'm always trying to make a movie about the Two Faced Man in some way.''' ,'''For now, I'm just going to keep doing the work and hope I don't get fired. If people want to put me up on their walls, I'll love it.''' ,'''I think it's more interesting to see people who don't feel appropriately. I relate to that, because sometimes I don't feel anything at all for things I'm supposed to, and other times I feel too much. It's not always like it is in the movies.''' ,''''The Nice Guys' fulfilled my 1970s fantasy.''' ,'''I like working with actresses, and I like women a lot, not for obvious reasons, but just in that that there's so much about what they bring to the scene that keeps it so interesting. Their instincts are so different, and they never explain them to you.''' ,'''I try to play characters who are different from myself, so I feel like this character is someone who is really different. I actually think that if I did what he did in this movie, I would get a restraining order put against me.''' ,'''If I have any particular appeal to women, maybe it's because I listen more than other guys do and appreciate how they think and feel about things.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I was kind of obsessed with that movie 'Dick Tracy.' Burger King had all this 'Dick Tracy' stuff, and I collected all of it, and I had the posters, and I watched it on a loop.''' ,'''If you do one good thing, that doesn't define you either. Being around the kids in the juvenile center, they were engaging, they made us laugh but they were there for doing something terrible.''' ,'''I think we're very complicated and we're capable of all kinds of things, and movies don't reflect that.''' ,'''What's nice with comedy is that you know it's working if it's funny.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I saw 'Rambo First Blood', and the next day, I took knives to school and threw them at everybody. So I was definitely influenced by violent films before 'Drive.'''' ,'''It's not like I set out to be 'the indie guy.'''' ,'''My first exposure to what Hollywood was like, behind the scenes, was when Joel Silver started screaming at Roger Rabbit at the beginning of 'Who Framed Roger Rabbit.'''' ,'''It's weird to have no control over something that you're involved in.''' ,'''For me, I sort of felt like it was kind of a fairytale... but an interesting one. I don't know of anybody who has had a romance quite like this, but I certainly know people who have stuck it out.''' ,'''People don't step outside themselves and make the film they want to make, because they're afraid of the reaction. But once you get that reaction and have lived through it, there's nothing they can do to get you down.''' ,'''I'm from Canada, and I think, like everyone growing up anywhere else in the world, you are very aware of America - it sort of looms large in its legend, and so did Detroit.''' ,'''Do you remember when Fabio got hit in the face with a pigeon on the roller coaster, and it broke his nose? Sometimes I feel like I'm the pigeon, and the Internet is Fabio's face. Actually, I don't know if I'm the pigeon, or I'm Fabio's face. Depends on the day, I guess.''' ,'''Maybe in my life I sort of put myself in situations that were chaotic, outside of my life.''' ,'''I just sort of take it from a character perspective, and I don't know if he was necessarily spiritual, but I do think he had hope. He was a character that was comfortable having hope in his life, and hope is faith.''' ,'''You can only be yourself, and it sounds cheesy, but when it comes to filmmaking, there's really nowhere to hide.''' ,'''You learn from all directors, all these guys.''' ,'''I love 'An American in Paris.' That's the one for me. Some of the visual ideas in that film are just haunting and very free.''' ,'''I've always liked women more. I was brought up by my mother and older sister. I found my way into dance class.''' ,'''I think 'Believer' and 'Leland' were such great things to have been a part of, and I learned a lot.''' ,'''I grew up in a town called Cornwall, Ontario, which is about an hour outside of Montreal.''' ,'''I've been doing this since I was 12... I don't want to act much longer; I can't do one thing my whole life.''' ,'''I always wanted to do a comedy, but I wanted to pick the right one. But it came down to working with Steve Carell. I've wanted to work with him since I met him years ago as a kid.''' ,'''In New York, you're forced to deal with life; it's there in front of you on a daily basis.''' ,'''I know that I'm with the person I'm supposed to be with.''' ,'''They say never meet your heroes. But the addendum to that is 'unless they're Harrison Ford.'''' ,'''I did this scene in 'Lars and the Real Girl' where I was in a room full of old ladies who were knitting, and it was an all-day scene, so they showed me how. It was one of the most relaxing days of my life.''' ,'''When my mother and I walked to the grocery store, men would circle the block in cars. It was very, very scary, especially as a young boy. Very predatory - a hunt.''' ,'''It's Shane Black. He's a world unto himself. His world is so fun and crazy.''' ,'''I don't even think of myself as particularly good looking, and not at all a typical kind of Hollywood leading man sort of actor.''' ,'''I've wanted to make films since a really young age. It's always been my passion.''' ,'''It's not good just to have life experience of film-making and that's all. It's hard to play a real person when you've been in jets and town cars for three years.''' ,'''Falling in love is a narcissistic endeavor. You play the role of lover, and you find someone to act it out on.''' ,'''I turned 30, and everyone told me I would feel different, and I didn't.''' ,'''I didn't want to make a literal film about Detroit, because it felt like what they were experiencing was more universal than that.''' ,'''I grew up on Mel Brooks films. That was film to me until I got a little bit older and realised there were other kinds of movies.''' ,'''I feel it's important to show that one thing that you do doesn't define you as a human being. It doesn't mean there aren't ramifications or you shouldn't pay for that but its not who you are.''' ,'''I don't like the process of meeting someone and you make a film and that's it. You think you're just getting started, and then it's over.''' ,'''I'm just sort of making it up as I go along.''' ,'''It's not easy to leave your hometown and your family and your support system and come out to Los Angeles to - to pursue a dream where the odds are not in your favor.''' ,'''Any time you stick your neck out in high school, there's someone right there to chop your head off.''' ,'''My home life now is mostly women. They are better than us. They make me better.''' ,'''That's the power of film. If it's good, it can somehow make you feel connected to even the farthest thing from your own experience.''' ,'''Acting isn't that hard, really. I mean, I think that people make a big deal about it, but you just kind of try to say your lines naturally.''' ,'''I still go to Disneyland as much as I can. The Haunted Mansion is my favorite ride.''' ,'''We should get a Roomba for our Roomba. I feel bad for it because it works tirelessly, and at night I can hear it cleaning, and I just feel bad for it.''' ,'''I got a Twitter because some guy was pretending to be me.''' ,'''Now that I'm an actor and I have movies, press, I have more occasions to wear suits. I like wearing suits.''' ,'''Freedom is such a gift.''' ,'''If I eat a huge meal and I can get the girl to rub my belly, I think that's about as romantic as I can think of.''' ,'''I don't really have that much angst to get rid of.''' ,'''I left Canada to come to Hollywood to make movies.''' ,'''I really feel like if they'd have let me just pace in the back of the classroom while the teacher was talking, I'd have done much better. I have to move. But you know, that's disruptive for the class, and as a result, there was a ripple effect of having to sit still that found its way into every aspect of my life.''' ,'''Show me a man who wouldn't give it all up for Emma Stone, and I'll show you a liar.''' ,'''It's interesting the kind of freedom the musical form gives you. The rules are out the window. You can get impressionistic without seeming pretentious. Because it's perceived as an inherently accessible form, it gives filmmakers some leeway.''' ,'''My mom was really cool.''' ,'''If I'm still acting at 46, I'll be surprised.''' ,'''I grew up on Shane Black movies, and I grew up on Joel Silver movies.''' ,'''I've learned it's important not to limit yourself. You can do whatever you really love to do, no matter what it is.''' ,'''It was a strange experience, making a love story and not getting along with your co-star in any way.''' ,]
+++