+++
author = "Leslie Jones"
title = "Leslie Jones Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Leslie Jones Quotes"
keywords = "leslie jones,leslie jones quotes,leslie jones quote,leslie jones sayings,leslie jones saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Every black comedian in the country knew what I could do. But that doesn't mean everyone else is paying attention.''' ,'''I know who I am.''' ,'''My job is to bring the tickle. I know what's funny.''' ,'''I know I'm fly - don't get me wrong. But I don't look, like, standard Hollywood. As a comedian, it's something you learn to use.''' ,'''I'm glad this whole success thing is happening now. I can't even imagine a 23-year-old Leslie in this position.''' ,'''Bill Murray was just so funny to me - there wasn't anything spooking him.''' ,'''I love the people at my job. I love my boss. I love my camera men, I love my crew - because they all surrounded me with straight love.''' ,'''I would never quit comedy to make money. I've been doing it, like, 30 years. I still love it. That's my life.''' ,'''Why is being a woman so surprising? There are two sexes. A man and a woman. So, if it's not a man in a movie, what else was it going to be?''' ,'''When you're writing a sketch, it has to be surrounded by a situation. It can't just be out of the air.''' ,'''It takes a real designer to design for real women.''' ,'''As soon as I touched the mic, I knew that's what I would do for the rest of my life.''' ,'''When I was young, my dad always let me listen to comedy albums.''' ,'''The big percentage is us, the real people, and we have to say something. You have to speak up. You have to.''' ,'''You know what makes me mad about 'The Bachelorette?' That, you know, that that chick would get a man. Get me a date.''' ,'''When we did this reboot, I thought 'Ghostbusters' fans would be so excited: 'They've got the new technology - the ghosts are going to look real now.'''' ,'''The day that I saw Whoopi Goldberg on television, I cried so hard because I kept looking at my daddy going, 'Oh my God. There's somebody on TV that looks like me! She looks like me! Yay! I can be on TV! I can be on TV! I can do it! Look at her - look at her! She looks just like me.'''' ,'''I did not leave Twitter.''' ,'''I can't be intimidated by anyone wearing a housecoat.''' ,'''I always knew about comedy; I always loved comedy.''' ,'''I honestly believe that people sit behind their computers and just get really brave.''' ,'''I take care of everybody. I'm either hugging you or making sure that you're not sick, because my backpack has every kind of medicine in it.''' ,'''I met the CEO of Twitter.''' ,'''Hate speech and freedom of speech are two different things.''' ,'''I've perfected the art of busting on people. That's how comedians show each other love.''' ,'''I've been six feet tall since the sixth grade.''' ,'''Think about back in the day when we had Archie Bunker, 'The Jeffersons.' We had stuff to sit down and share and laugh at. The Internet has made it so we don't have to sit together anymore. It's so self-absorbed. No one has to talk to each other anymore, and people don't realize that that is killing us.''' ,'''I just knew that I was funny, and I knew that it was just a matter of time. I didn't know what was going to actually happen - this is definitely way bigger than I thought - but I knew there was no way I was going to be that funny, and nobody was going to notice it.''' ,'''There was a time where I knew I was as funny as many dudes, but I had people telling me, 'You have to wear a dress onstage. You need to be more feminine.'''' ,'''They redid 'Roots,' and everyone was saying, 'Oh, it shouldn't have been done.' I was like, 'It definitely should have been done.' Because it needs to be refurbished for the new generation so they can understand it.''' ,'''It was always hard for me to find clothes.''' ,'''You can look good. Don't let nobody tell you you can't look good because of your size... or what size your feet is.''' ,'''Unfortunately, I'm used to the insults.''' ,'''I had all the intentions of being the next Eddie Murphy.''' ,'''I get real brave when I text people. When I text people, I am so brave because it's words, but you can't say stuff.''' ,'''I'm really good at standup. I always win at standup.''' ,'''When my brother passed away... I made a decision that I might die soon, and if I die, I want people to know who I really am.''' ,'''People used to call me names, so my mom had this beautiful African lady come talk to me.''' ,]
+++