+++
author = "Grizz Chapman"
title = "Grizz Chapman Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Grizz Chapman Quotes"
keywords = "grizz chapman,grizz chapman quotes,grizz chapman quote,grizz chapman sayings,grizz chapman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was in the hospital for about two weeks because I had some complications due to the transition to kidney from dialysis and getting off of that.''' ,'''When you go through something, like, you learn to appreciate little things - the birds, trees, flowers.''' ,'''I was in a form of a prison: not necessarily with bars, but I was locked to that machine three days a week, and I couldn't plan work, I couldn't plan vacations, I couldn't plan dinner, I couldn't plan homework, I couldn't plan nothing because at the end of the day, Monday, Wednesday and Friday, I had to be at dialysis.''' ,'''I'm on a never-ending quest to get back on a TV series, and I want to get on 'The Walking Dead.'''' ,'''I want to show there's an edgier side of people who love comic books. And there are people who don't look like you and me who do read comic books and who love artists.''' ,'''Being a nerd is not always a bad thing. It's actually cool to be a nerd.''' ,'''You can't take away that Liz Lemon is my boo; you can't take that away.''' ,'''Why can't a seven-foot guy play a doctor? Why can't I be a teacher? Why can't I be a football coach? Why can't I be a cab driver? Anything. Anything else than that. I can cry. I can do those things that they think the big guys can't do. So just give us a chance.''' ,'''Whatever I can do for the longevity of my life, I'm going to do.''' ,'''I get a lot of the time, 'We don't know how to market you,' or, 'You're too big.' Or, 'We have one of you already,'. But you don't have one of me already; you don't have a seven-foot, lovable guy. You don't have that.''' ,'''Tracy and I were pretty good friends before '30 Rock.' The chemistry you see on camera - that's what it is. What you see on camera - that's just friends, so that's why it comes across so well on TV.''' ,'''Hit the gym... Working out is the key to your life. All you need is a half an hour on the treadmill.''' ,'''I'm the biggest nerd you know. I'm a nerd, I'm a techie, and I don't have a problem with saying it.''' ,'''I was a celebrity bodyguard. I didn't keep the best hours or choose the best food when I was on the road.''' ,'''I was diagnosed with hypertension when I was 24, and I battled hypertension for about 10 to 12 years, and then I went to the doctor for something else, and he found that I had high levels of protein in my urine, and that's how I found out I had kidney disease.''' ,'''Keep your blood pressure under control and pay attention to your urine. If it's foamy, that's not a good sign, and you need to check out your kidneys.''' ,'''Even though you don't feel anything, you need to get an annual check-up.''' ,'''I'm on a never-ending quest to get back on a TV series, and I want to get on 'The Walking Dead'. I'm at this point now where, I have three things. I could either be on the Governor's team, I could be on Rick's team, or I could be a seven-foot zombie who never dies.''' ,'''I pay attention to everything now - the taste of bread, the taste of water.''' ,'''My agent knows what I'm looking for. And I'm also looking for a new agent, too, so I'm putting it out there. Again, I'm not going to turn down every role, because there is no bad role, really. It's all what you bring to the role, but that traditional, 'Stand here and open a rope,' I'm not doing it.''' ,'''I was on dialysis three times a week for four and a half hours each time.''' ,'''Opening up is something I have to learn how to do if I'm going to be in this business.''' ,'''Ryan is an amazing person. When I was his age, I wasn't thinking about giving someone a kidney. How do you ever repay someone for something like that? You can't. It's not like borrowing $20 from someone and telling them you're going to give it back. It's something that you can never repay someone for.''' ,'''I didn't want to die. I wanted to live. I wanted to be with my family and wanted to see my 11-year-old son grow up.''' ,'''You can put a kidney in your body - and somewhere down the line, your body might reject it.''' ,]
+++