+++
author = "Evan Spiegel"
title = "Evan Spiegel Quotes"
quotes_len = "61"
description = "the best 61 Evan Spiegel Quotes"
keywords = "evan spiegel,evan spiegel quotes,evan spiegel quote,evan spiegel sayings,evan spiegel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''More people are watching college football on Snapchat than they are on television.''' ,'''When we look at social media, we really look at it on a continuum, and the continuum is from accumulation to instant expression.''' ,'''Having been bullied growing up, it's something that's really near and dear to my heart. You probably won't have many friends on Snapchat if you're being a jerk.''' ,'''Five years ago, we came to the realization that the camera can be used for more than capturing memories. We showed it can be used for talking. The dream for us is expanding the camera and what it can do for your life. It has capabilities beyond making memories.''' ,'''The fun thing about Snapchat is really the surprise and the joy that comes from learning how to use it.''' ,'''I text nonstop, and I love emoji. I'm also on the phone quite a bit for work - probably more than 10 calls per day.''' ,'''Snapchat changed that perception of deleting something as bad. Online, typically you delete something if it's bad or if it's really embarrassing.''' ,'''We've never been anti-permanence. We just belief deletion should be the default.''' ,'''If we take a step back and look at what Snapchat is, it all starts with the camera.''' ,'''There's this weird thing that happens when you contribute something to a static profile. You have to worry about how this new content fits in with your online persona that's supposed to be you. It's uncomfortable and unfortunate.''' ,'''The social marketing teams of big companies will always figure out a way to advertise on Snapchat. I'd like to create a space for people who have a lot of talent but not a lot of reach.''' ,'''I don't want to disrupt anything. We never conceive of our products as disruptive - we don't look at something and say, 'Let's disrupt that.' It's always about how we can evolve this and make this better.''' ,'''It's no surprise companies that quickly grow in value attract those who may want to also profit from the hard work of others.''' ,'''The essence of conversation is not which media format we choose to talk to each other with, so we don't differentiate between snaps and chats. It's just someone wanting to talk to you.''' ,'''The intent to preserve and capture something is very different from the urge to share, but they had become intertwined.''' ,'''We never saw Google+ Circles or Facebook Lists as reflective of the way our friendships play out.''' ,'''Creating a representation of yourself for the Internet stopped making sense when we were all on phones and connected everywhere.''' ,'''For Snapchat, the closer we can get to 'I want to talk to you' - that emotion of wanting to see you and then seeing you - the better and better our product and our view of the world will be.''' ,'''Generally speaking, the people who come to work at Snapchat believe in personal growth. It's part of why Snapchat's stories are ephemeral, because you will be a different person tomorrow.''' ,'''Typing and read receipts make a lot of sense for messaging. You write a letter, you put it in an envelope, you send it to a friend, and you want to know when they get it. It's like FedEx - they let you know when the package gets dropped off.''' ,'''Ephemeral should be the default.''' ,'''Snapchat really has to do with the way photographs have changed. Historically, photos have always been used to save really important memories: major life moments. But today... pictures are being used for talking.''' ,'''People are going to copy your product if you build great stuff. Just because Yahoo has a search box doesn't make it Google.''' ,'''Online one day, you log in, and you realise, 'This is not me.' Everything you're posting, you're doing it in the context of everything you've posted before. Let's delete everything, save the stuff that's important, and then you only have to organise the one per cent that's worth keeping.''' ,'''When we're in that kind of childish space, we're more genuine and feel more comfortable with our friends.''' ,'''I feel like I'm finally learning how to use Twitter, and Tweetbot has been a huge part of that. The interface is awesome, and it lets me easily manage two accounts at once.''' ,'''I just try really hard to be me, and sometimes that means I'm unfiltered. I try to give people myself because I think making a great product is being in touch with how you feel about things and being able to express things. I really hope I can stay in touch with how I feel about things and I'm able to express that.''' ,'''I think, with any new product that's difficult to understand, there are always lots of questions and criticism. I think we have all the right criticism. We're just going to keep executing on what we believe.''' ,'''Somewhere along the way, when we were building social media products, we forgot the reason we like to communicate with our friends is because it's fun.''' ,'''I am a young, white, educated male. I got really, really lucky. And life isn't fair.''' ,'''We built our business on creativity, and we're going to have to go through an education process for the next five years to explain to people how our users and that creativity creates value.''' ,'''It's not about working harder; it's about working the system.''' ,'''I'd like to create a space for people who have a lot of talent but not a lot of reach.''' ,'''One of the things I'm trying to get better at is apologizing when I make mistakes. That's been a big priority of mine.''' ,'''We're kind of looking at a future where people acknowledge the hybridization of digital and analog, and appreciate and understand that they both affect each other.''' ,'''I'm not a great manager; I try to be a great leader. And for me, that's been going through a process of not how to be a great CEO but how to be a great Evan, and that's really been the challenge.''' ,'''If I had a ringtone, it would probably be Neil Diamond.''' ,'''Cars bring me sheer joy.''' ,'''I snap with my mom. It was a great way for me to see my dog when I was in college. We send selfies, too.''' ,'''I keep hearing about battery innovation, but it never makes it to my phone.''' ,'''Someone will always have an opinion about you. Whatever you do won't ever be enough. So find something important to you. Find something that you love.''' ,'''There is real value in sharing moments that don't live forever.''' ,'''Social media is about friending someone so they'll invite you to a party or get you a job. If that's the work, Snapchat is the playground.''' ,'''It's important to be thoughtful and mindful about the things you say to other people.''' ,'''We are not advertising ourselves as a secure platform. It's a communication platform. It's not our job to police the world or Snapchat of jerks.''' ,'''Traditional social media, in the view of our company, has become a bit repetitive. It doesn't feel very good to be marketed to by your friends. Snapchat is different because it says, look, friends aren't valuable to you just because they can get you into a cool party.''' ,'''In tech in particular, everyone is so serious all the time and has these grand visions.''' ,'''It seems odd that at the beginning of the Internet, everyone decided everything should stick around forever.''' ,'''The feed was probably the biggest innovation in social media of late. But the interesting thing about a feed is that the more content you consume, the farther in time you go.''' ,'''We believe that the next generation of powerful mobile companies have a deep understanding of the world as a unified whole, where digital and analog experiences affect each other rather than transporting analog experiences into the digital realm.''' ,'''Conforming happens so naturally that we can forget how powerful it is. But the thing that makes us human are those times we listen to the whispers of our soul and allow ourselves to be pulled in another direction.''' ,'''Technology businesses in general are susceptible to hacking. That's why you have to work really, really, really hard with law enforcement, with security experts, internal and external groups, to make sure you're paying attention and addressing security concerns.''' ,'''People started conceiving of their friends as networking tools, like, 'Friend me so you can be friends with someone else,' or, 'The more people you know, the more networked you are.' But we see real value in having a fun conversation with your friends.''' ,'''What Snapchat said was if we try to model conversations as they occur, they're largely ephemeral. We may try to write down and save the really special moments, but by and large, we just try to let everything go. We remember it, but we don't try to save it.''' ,'''TheIinternet is a timeless void - you put something in there, and it's there forever and loses a lot of context.''' ,'''It would be better for everyone if we deleted everything by default and saved the things that are important to us.''' ,'''In the future, we'd like to support upcoming artists, people that are trying to be actors.''' ,'''Talking with pictures and making memories is universally appealing.''' ,'''We no longer have to capture the 'real world' and recreate it online. We simply live and communicate at the same time.''' ,'''We don't want to own people's photos. We want to help them communicate with friends in whatever way makes them happiest.''' ,'''I think diversity is a challenge everywhere.''' ,]
+++