+++
author = "Lucas Grabeel"
title = "Lucas Grabeel Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Lucas Grabeel Quotes"
keywords = "lucas grabeel,lucas grabeel quotes,lucas grabeel quote,lucas grabeel sayings,lucas grabeel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I dislike math, yet I respect and appreciate the fact that math is the language of the universe.''' ,'''I play, like, 12 instruments. Guitar, piano, harmonica, African drums... I'm working on mastering the accordion.''' ,'''In high school, I was Mr. Choir Boy. I had solos, I was helping out the tenors with their parts and our choir teacher would ask me what songs we should do.''' ,'''Success is the most important to many, to me it's just a bonus.''' ,'''I always wish life could be a musical. One person just says 5, 6, 7, 8.''' ,'''I don't care about money or fame or anything like that, but it would be a perk.''' ,'''I really want to do more mature, artistic, twisted, edgy films. That is my goal.''' ,'''The greatest thing about where my life is right now is it's very relaxed and chill. I'm just hanging out, being myself and doing my work.''' ,'''Every day it seems like something happens to assure me I'm in the right place, and that doing anything else would be wrong. I feel so incredibly blessed.''' ,'''It's nice to know you're working on something that will mean something to kids.''' ,'''As far as my dreams go, all I want to do is be a working actor, and I happily achieved that.''' ,'''I hope to be a producer, a musician, a painter, a photographer - I'm going to push myself to do as many things as I can and see where it goes.''' ,'''I grew up with the classics. My mom and I would sit and watch 'Singin' in the Rain' and 'White Christmas' - those kind of movies.''' ,'''I'm competitive with myself, but not with other people. I set goals for myself. I don't really care about winning or losing as long as I do my best.''' ,]
+++