+++
author = "David Moyes"
title = "David Moyes Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 David Moyes Quotes"
keywords = "david moyes,david moyes quotes,david moyes quote,david moyes sayings,david moyes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We had some glorious nights at Goodison and the fans were superb.''' ,'''I hope that the future is great for West Ham.''' ,'''Coaches are important, but the senior players at a club are crucial.''' ,'''I got Everton competing at the top end of the league with a midtable budget.''' ,'''I think I'm capable of doing the job at any club in the world, so I'm sure I can do it at West Ham.''' ,'''I don't think anyone ever turns down their national team opportunity, but I think it has to be at the right time.''' ,'''The Merseyside derby is a terrific game full of passion, full of quality.''' ,'''I had plenty of opportunities before I went to Spain to stay in England, and I had made a decision that I would go and work in Spain.''' ,'''I was a footballer for a long, long time.''' ,'''Maybe it's old-fashioned, but I've always preferred to see players with my own eyes than on a video or going on somebody else's recommendation. If that means getting up early and taking a flight, then so be it. Our success at Everton came from having a great recruitment team who I made sure were out watching the players.''' ,'''The manager needs to be given the opportunity to get on with his job and be given that time that he needs.''' ,'''I don't think I'm any worse for my bad experiences. Actually, they have made me better.''' ,'''I would never speak about players at other football clubs - I think it's wrong. It's not my style.''' ,'''I'm always very careful when I'm spending the club's money. I treat it like it's my own, and I always try to sign players for what I feel is the right price.''' ,'''I think retrospective viewing of diving is nearly more important than some of the technology they are on about bringing in. If you do that and players get banned, it wouldn't take long before you'd cut it out.''' ,'''Going back to my playing days, I was at Cambridge United for a couple of seasons, and, of course, Newmarket is just down the road. On my days off, I would go to Newmarket quite often, park up by the gallops, and watch the horses work. It was something else.''' ,'''I've worked for a long time to get myself in a position where maybe I'd be fortunate enough to land one of the big jobs.''' ,'''I'm a great believer in the lower leagues, the pyramid system, but there is mileage in having B-teams in England with young players playing competitively.''' ,'''People often talk about a coach's philosophy, but generally, I think managers look at the players they have and then decide on their style.''' ,'''Danny Welbeck was great for us at Manchester United.''' ,'''One of the reasons why I wanted to be part of the League Managers Association was because I felt there were an awful lot of foreign coaches coming into these shores, but we were not exporting enough British talent.''' ,'''Messi gets kicked by everybody, and he gets up and carries on. Doesn't scream, doesn't fake injury.''' ,'''Celtic's a brilliant football club, and they have an unbelievable fan base - one of the biggest in the world.''' ,'''I have no regrets about taking the United job. When you get offered a job like that, you take it.''' ,'''With Marouane's hair, I actually wondered if it might take a bit of the pace off the ball when he went up for a header. But I soon realised it was part of his personality. Part of who he is.''' ,'''The job at Everton was so good. I worked for a great chairman, great people at the club.''' ,'''You don't manage more than 900 games, mostly in the top half of the Premier League, if you haven't got something that enables you to cope with pressure.''' ,'''Football is not always as glamourous as some might imagine, as the story of the first time I signed Marouane Fellaini perhaps illustrates.''' ,'''I have always been an advocate of players and coaches going abroad if that's the right opportunity.''' ,'''There is no club in Europe that wouldn't want Van Persie at centre-forward.''' ,'''Manchester United isn't about Wayne Rooney. Manchester United is about the team, the club.''' ,'''I don't think managers have the opportunity to think in terms of a long-term vision for a club.''' ,'''At Everton, we have always tried to do good deals and have always tried to buy at the right age and the right price.''' ,'''I would never have left Everton for anybody but an ambitious football club. And I thought Manchester United would have given me that opportunity.''' ,'''The last thing I'd ever want to see is another manager being sacked. I certainly don't like the phrase 'sacking season.'''' ,'''I took over from Sir Alex, and it was always going to take time, whoever was in charge.''' ,'''It's good that we have good managers like Jose Mourinho and Arsene Wenger in this countr,y but I think we should be trying to send out some of our managers to other countries to help not just the development of themselves but the leagues over here. It can enhance their careers.''' ,'''I've had my down times, as every manager does, but I bounce back pretty quickly.''' ,'''Clubs are much stronger than any one individual.''' ,'''I worked hard at Preston.''' ,'''It's definitely better to be a good league team than a good cup team. It shows consistency. The cup could be down to a lucky draw and might not show the value of your team like the league does.''' ,'''I gave everything I could in trying to make Everton the best I could.''' ,'''I think, in football, you have to go through difficulties.''' ,'''I don't think I've necessarily got anything to prove to anyone. I've worked really hard my whole career.''' ,'''I've always admired great football managers, and Sir Alex Ferguson had so much success.''' ,'''It was too short: I've said many times that I would have done things differently had I known I'd only have 10 months because United are one of the few clubs in football who could have given a manager more time, like Bill Kenwright did with me at Everton.''' ,'''Manchester United was a club with great traditions, traditions where they tended to pick British managers. That tradition has now gone.''' ,'''I've always been quite strict when it comes to the appearance of my players. I don't want to see earrings in training, things like that.''' ,'''Do I feel I should have been given more time? Of course I do. To go to a club like Manchester United and follow someone like Sir Alex after the time he had been there, to stay for ten months... It couldn't be a revolution at Manchester United; it had to be evolution. It had to take time.''' ,'''Football has always been in my blood. It's more than just an occupation, but as you get a little bit older and wiser, you want to be able to pick and choose and make sure you get the right club at the right time.''' ,'''I have a point to prove. Sometimes you have to repair things, and maybe I have a little bit that I need to repair.''' ,'''I've got huge affection for Everton. It was my life for over a decade.''' ,'''Mistakes can come at any time; the thing is to make sure you don't make too many.''' ,'''I watch a lot of football. It was always my hobby. My wife just sits there with a bored face, thinking, 'Is he really watching this?'''' ,'''I think sometimes you need a run and a bit of confidence with getting the goals.''' ,'''I'll do everything I can to get West Ham as far up the table as I can.''' ,'''It took time at Everton to build a team so that when we did go to United or Arsenal or Liverpool, we went with a good chance of getting a result.''' ,'''I think people know that I've got things in my mind that I want to do and things I wanted to change in time. I can't do it all overnight.''' ,'''I would never have left Everton if it hadn't been Manchester United.''' ,'''I would like it to be the rules all round the world that that is the case - you manage the country of your birth.''' ,'''You don't always get what you want, but you work at it.''' ,'''You can't ring up another manager and say, 'Who do you think I should pick this week?' But you take the good and bad from people as you go along.''' ,'''If you play for Manchester United, there is always someone out there getting ready to take your jersey. It is up to you to fight and make sure you keep it.''' ,'''I'm going to be direct with the players. If they don't like it, then I'm sorry.''' ,'''If you want to keep your best players, you need top European football because they want to be involved in that.''' ,'''I was very fortunate that I had a great scouting staff at Everton from the academy, because it was those people who got the likes of Ross Barkley and Wayne Rooney when they were young.''' ,'''It's true that players can take time to settle at a new club. I remember people telling me it took Patrice Evra and Nemanja Vidic a while - players who became great players for United.''' ,'''In England, I always liked the way Terry Venables worked.''' ,'''I'll answer as many questions as I can, but when people have a contract at other football clubs, I think it's wrong to talk about them.''' ,'''I love to see goals and attacking play; I want us to be entertaining. But it's no good if you're shipping goals.''' ,'''I'm desperately ambitious, and one of the things I haven't been able to do at Everton is win a trophy.''' ,'''Real Sociedad fans are fantastic; they know that the club is trying to join the other teams who are always in the top part of the table - to get as close to them as possible.''' ,'''I would be very surprised if Phil Neville didn't go into management and possibly Johnny Heitinga, too.''' ,'''I was a young manager at Everton and had 11 great years there.''' ,'''I would have to consider the U.S.A. job if I was approached because it's one of the big nations in world football, with massive growth potential.''' ,'''We had a really good club at Everton who gave me the opportunity to do the job the way I felt it needed to be done.''' ,'''You're never going to go through a season with no injuries.''' ,'''Chicharito is a really good player, and his finishing ability is as good as there is anywhere.''' ,'''Bryan Gray at Preston gave me a chance, even though Joe Royle and Ian Rush were being linked with the job. He taught me an awful lot about structuring the job and encouraged me to invest in young players.''' ,'''As a young Scottish footballer growing up - I always used to follow Scotland and watch the games - Kenny Dalglish, Graeme Souness, and Joe Jordan were players I looked up to.''' ,'''I worked hard at Everton.''' ,'''I agree with Arsene Wenger that finishing in the top four is the equivalent of winning a trophy - even if you don't get to parade silverware.''' ,'''Your reputation doesn't stand for anything. You have to come and try to get up and show you're capable of doing the job.''' ,'''Bill Kenwright has taught me how to deal with people.''' ,'''I hope I can fulfill all my ambitions at Everton. But you never know in this game.''' ,'''I'd been at Everton for more than 11 years. We'd qualified for the Champions League, got to an FA Cup final. I'd been voted manager of the season three times.''' ,'''Supporters don't like the idea of people going to ground too easily. Everyone who has ever played football, everyone who's been involved, would hate that. You'd be saying, 'Get Up!'''' ,'''Managers get interviewed for jobs, but I think it should be the managers who are interviewing the chairman.''' ,'''I would still consider myself in the elite group of managers. If it was me against someone else, I'd trust myself.''' ,'''I think, with more experience, I'm probably wiser, calmer. You hope you'll be able to use your knowledge a bit better.''' ,'''I had a great time at Everton when I was there and came away from that with a lot of high regard.''' ,'''Doesn't everyone in life deserve a chance to show what they can do?''' ,'''Everyone needs an opportunity in life. I was given an opportunity as a manager, and you try and take it.''' ,'''It will not get better than Sir Alex Ferguson. It just won't.''' ,'''In this game, you're on your own. You either sink or swim.''' ,'''Phil Neville could be on the road to one day, maybe, becoming the England manager. I know him closely. He was a great captain, a great leader. He's had great experience.''' ,'''Alan Shearer was tough, would be hard to play against, a difficult opponent.''' ,'''At the top end I do think it's time we have goal-line technology, I'm not mad on other technology but certainly goal-line technology.''' ,'''I turned down Premier League jobs; I didn't think they were right.''' ,'''When I took over at Everton, the challenge for us was to try to go toe-to-toe with a club having success in Europe and sometimes competing for the Premier League.''' ,]
+++