+++
author = "Rumer Willis"
title = "Rumer Willis Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Rumer Willis Quotes"
keywords = "rumer willis,rumer willis quotes,rumer willis quote,rumer willis sayings,rumer willis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everybody is going to have an opinion on you; not everyone is going to like you. You can't live your life based on other people's opinions of you or let that change what you do or how you feel about yourself, because then you're not living.''' ,'''Just in general, no matter what you're doing, be true to yourself. Never let anyone else dictate how you live your life.''' ,'''Everyone has opportunities and different doors that are opened to them in different ways. In the end, if you're talented you'll get work, if you're not, you won't, so it doesn't really matter who you know.''' ,'''Look, nobody is ever exactly the same as anybody else. You're handed the cards you are for a particular reason, so you follow that path and see where it takes you.''' ,'''People have such an immediate judgment of me because I have tattoos or because my hair is sometimes crazy.''' ,'''My sisters are my best friends and such incredible women.''' ,'''Love is the only unifier in the world. We've all felt exactly the same way. It'll make you crazy, and it'll make you ecstatic, and that's true for everyone.''' ,'''I think if you have any fear or shame, it's really hard to want to express yourself.''' ,'''Stay true to your integrity, and if you're doing something that you feel like doesn't represent your integrity, speak up. You have to say that. If you're doing something that doesn't make you feel good, you probably shouldn't be doing it.''' ,'''I just found such a love for dancing. If anybody would love to just feel great, not just physically, but you want to feel such confidence, just go and take a ballroom dancing class! I love it more than any kind of workout.''' ,'''I definitely understand not entirely fitting in. I think everyone has their own version of feeling out of place and I think one of the great things we have the ability to do is to know it's all right. It's OK to have that awkward phase.''' ,'''When you grow up with parents that are known worldwide and having so much attention from media and all of the tabloid magazines, it's really tough.''' ,'''Totally, if I wasn't trying to be an actor, I would leave L.A. because you can't really have that life here. There's a lot of baggage that comes with being here, like the paparazzi, traffic, and all of it.''' ,'''You can't become what you aren't, or you will start feeling awful about yourself.''' ,'''My mom had me when she was 25, and I'm 28 now, and just to even imagine myself three years ago starting to have children and be married and have my career, it's pretty trippy, and I'm so proud and kind of in awe of her.''' ,'''I grew up, and I was bullied and very insecure. I hope, if nothing else, if I share enough of my struggle and share what I went through and allow myself to be vulnerable, I'll let people see who I am.''' ,'''I have been very, very blessed with not having stage parents.''' ,'''In high school, I had a much easier time interacting with adults than with my peers.''' ,'''If I could find the perfect career of doing television and movies where I could sing, that would be great.''' ,'''My parents always knew that I wanted to act, so it didn't really come as a big surprise. The only thing they told me was that I had to wait until I was 18 so I could get my education out of the way first.''' ,'''My dad says I was an extra in 'Die Hard.' I think it's true.''' ,'''I have an inner drag queen. Or rather, I feel like I was a drag queen in a past life.''' ,'''Fear is such a huge thing that holds us back.''' ,'''I thought I'd lost a pair of earrings once. They were, like, $50,000. I was terrified.''' ,'''Being stick skinny to the extent where you can see your bones through your skin is not a good look. You don't need to be that to be beautiful or to be perfect or to fit in. Who you are is exactly who you should be. You can't let other people dictate your life or how you feel about yourself because then you're not living.''' ,'''I would never want the responsibility of being the prettiest girl on screen; it's too much.''' ,'''Love doesn't care how much money you have. It doesn't care who your parents are. It doesn't care if you're gay, straight, or transgender.''' ,'''People would say I looked like a man or something called a 'buttaface', which means everything good but her face, or 'potato head' was the big term that everyone used a lot, basically making fun of the way I looked.''' ,'''The deepest gift you can learn in life is about self-love, and that's not going to happen overnight.''' ,'''As you get older, you realise your parents aren't these superheroes. They're actually people.''' ,'''I've never wanted to just ride on coat tails. I don't know, if you don't earn something then it doesn't feel as good.''' ,'''The only place you can really find the confidence and the love for yourself is within you, so that has to be what carries you: not all of these external things.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I had a nanny who would always play 'The Sound of Music' and 'Bye Bye Birdie,' so I was always listening to that stuff.''' ,'''When I was a teenager, I was super-awkward. I don't think I really felt comfortable in my body or with how I looked, and people were nasty.''' ,'''For a while I thought about studying medicine at school and becoming a doctor because I've always been interested in psychology and how people's minds operate. But I'm able to explore some of that as an actor and ultimately I think it seems more interesting.''' ,'''I'm all for the equality.''' ,'''Education is very important to my parents and to me.''' ,]
+++