+++
author = "Raj Kundra"
title = "Raj Kundra Quotes"
quotes_len = "80"
description = "the best 80 Raj Kundra Quotes"
keywords = "raj kundra,raj kundra quotes,raj kundra quote,raj kundra sayings,raj kundra saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For me, the business ventures in England were far more easier. Everything was done by the book, the protocols were far more easy to follow.''' ,'''In March 2019, I was looking to make investments in the F&B sector. Ranjit Bindra approached me because he heard I was interested in this space with an offer to invest in his restaurant Bastian. I had been a regular patron at this popular restaurant and decided to invest in the same buying a 50 percent share stake along with management rights.''' ,'''In 2013, I transferred my company Essential Hospitality that owned the plot to RKW Developers against full and final payment. No loans were taken in this company and it was completely debt-free when we sold the same to RKW.''' ,'''I can earn money any time but I shouldn't lose my respect.''' ,'''I realize money alone does not guarantee you the best fighters or support staff - it's all about relations.''' ,'''In 2011, I negotiated to sell a plot that I owned near the airport to RKW Developers whose director was Dheeraj Wadhawan.''' ,'''I tried to reach out to my daughter a few times but no one was willing to connect me. I should have tried harder but I guess I just moved on with my life in a new country.''' ,'''All our fighters are provided insurance and full medical facilities.''' ,'''I love the sports business as a whole.''' ,'''Yes, we have taken a place in Juhu and it has been a costly affair since it's about 25,000 square feet in size.''' ,'''I was born and brought up in England.''' ,'''SFL is based on the Mixed Martial Arts. It is a proper sport with proper set of rules and regulations. There is no scope of stage-managing the things.''' ,'''I have anyway washed my hands of cricket in India.''' ,'''After starting off with the Indian Premier League, I thought something more can be done for sports.''' ,'''I can bet Salman doesn't earn that much... well, at least nowhere near me.''' ,'''There are so many fighters from every corner of India that I can produce and why not put them onto a platform so that one day they become well known internationally as well.''' ,'''One can compare the top 10 industrialist earnings to top 10 actors in Bollywood and whilst one gives you more fame the other certainly pays much better.''' ,'''MMA is a full combat sport comprising 36 different styles of fighting including karate, judo and kung-fu.''' ,'''We all have trust in the judicial systems.''' ,'''I used to watch a lot of action movies and I felt this country loves action.''' ,'''You know how it works here. If you don't have the presence of Bollywood, people won't recognize the sport. Even an established game like hockey had to include some Bollywood tinge to it.''' ,'''I tried reaching out to my daughter via her family members but they couldn't get me access or straight answers. I know she will come and find me when the time is right.''' ,'''The most difficult part of the decision to marry Shilpa was the fact that she did not want to leave India.''' ,'''It shocks, saddens and hurts me when my integrity towards Sport is questioned, especially knowing that there are very few who have taken the initiative and been successful in the development of sport in India.''' ,'''Shilpa pointed out how there a huge market for gold amongst the average Indian, who can't afford it thanks to the exorbitant rates. Therefore we came up with this systematic plan that allows people from all walks of society to invest in gold starting at just Rs 50!''' ,'''It is widely believed that no one can love you in the same degree as your mother and there is this general perception that Indian men are Mama's Boys.''' ,'''We give young boys a platform to get training in MMA and aim to put India on the MMA map.''' ,'''It would be foolish to say that betting does not happen. There is a list of 4-5,000 crore industry that happens on every match and it's about time we legalize it and start taxing it, making money where we should.''' ,'''In every relationship there will be a person who's the dominating character. That doesn't mean that celebrities don't marry or that they don't get a partner.''' ,'''I guarantee you 80 percent of this country will stop watching cricket if they did not bet on a match. Every single person bets I am sorry to say.''' ,'''I love my Shilpa a lot, but if you ask me how it feels, I can tell you it's not easy. Can't you see I have lost so much weight by running after her everyday?''' ,'''I have filed multiple defamations where my wife's name is mentioned relating to any of my personal battles. It's incorrect and the media needs to realize they can't scandalize and spoil names every time just because an individual is married to a celebrity.''' ,'''I would call this sport as an organized street-fight. Think of SFL as a Bollywood movie where you will get great entertainment with some action.''' ,'''I just love films.''' ,'''The beauty of MMA is that it's not staged, it's a real sport and we have a lot of Punjabis involved in it.''' ,'''Later when I met Shilpa via some common friends and my ex heard online about us going out, she increased her divorce demands. She even sold a story for tens of thousands of pounds to a U.K. tabloid claiming Shilpa ruined her marriage to the press.''' ,'''Mixed Martial Arts is a new sport to India.''' ,'''I never had any forefathers. I was never handed anything on a silver platter.''' ,'''Bollywood is the biggest driving force and action movies are the people's number one choice.''' ,'''I am very passionate about all sports.''' ,'''When I moved to India, with all due respect, in the last 10 years I have been here, I have seen my biggest failures and it only happened because of lack of understanding. To make things work and happen, you have to know people. I don't like this whole thing of greasing palms.''' ,'''I am in for making films only because my wife has been part of this industry.''' ,'''I have single-handedly provided job opportunities and training to 200 Indian fighters who were doing nothing but misusing their strength on the streets or in underground illegal fight clubs.''' ,'''My anger pushed me. I hated poverty so much that I wanted to become rich.''' ,'''Everyone asks me do you want a boy or a girl? I really don't mind, it should be a healthy baby.''' ,'''We are very excited by the success of Pearls Super Fight League and now with the launch of SFL Fitness everyone will have access to train and lose weight through a new kind of experience.''' ,'''Our target audience is mostly men aged between 15 and 35. But many women also send me messages on social media sites saying how much they enjoy SFL.''' ,'''I made a lot of money. It took a lot of time but when I started making money, it really sort of worked well. Things fell into place.''' ,'''I enjoy football, cricket and I have been watching mixed martial arts for the last five years.''' ,'''I come from a humble background. My dad moved to London 45 years ago and worked as a bus conductor whereas my mother worked in a factory. We never had it easy.''' ,'''As part of the divorce agreement that ran into crores, Kavita requested I stay away from our baby and that when needed my daughter would know where to find me.''' ,'''Pandemic-proof means the mobile phone has to be used and it has to be used in such a positive way that your next invention has to say, 'You know what, I am going to get another 30-40-50 million users that are out there onto my product through my mobile phone and that's going to help me sell what I do.'''' ,'''Any kind of technology, anything that leads to people looking at their phone and using their phone. If you can give them that product... I always say, any business venture you are looking at today has to involve the mobile phone.''' ,'''MMA is a full contact sport, a kind of an organized street fight, which uses both striking and grappling techniques and involves 36 different martial arts.''' ,'''When you get blamed for something you haven't done, it brings collateral damage.''' ,'''In India only sex and Bollywood sell. So if you are not using either of them, forget launching any product, sport or business in India.''' ,'''Without hesitation I can state that I have done no wrong for which I need to have any regrets.''' ,'''Keeping fit, six pack abs, fights is all part of this age, so why not give a platform to make money out of it and not just give everything to cricket.''' ,'''There's no value of money for me.''' ,'''Now I'm in a position where I can invest in startups and take up challenges. Some things do well and some don't, but I think my track record has been interesting.''' ,'''I was happy buying and selling gold in bars, as it is easier and profitable.''' ,'''It is unfortunate that in a country that has over a billion people, we have just one sport to talk about.''' ,'''All those who know me are aware that sport is my first love.''' ,'''We live in a country that loves action.''' ,'''Most of the investments I did early on in life have paid off well.''' ,'''On our profit margins, honestly on all our products, anything we work on in in the industry, I do not touch it unless it is double digits.''' ,'''The mixed martial arts industry is valued at $2 billion in America alone. It is the fastest growing sport. The unpredictability of the sport is what makes it attractive.''' ,'''My mother caught my ex-wife and sister's husband red handed, in compromising situations many times.''' ,'''MMA has been in U.S. for the past 10 years. I went to Sanjay Dutt and said 'I want to launch this sport.' He said 'I also watch it every night... let's go and do it.'''' ,'''I'm a self-made man since I left college at the age of 18.''' ,'''Kavita didn't want me near my child.''' ,'''MMA started in the U.S. 16 years ago but not many knew about it in India. So, with my brother Sanju, we took the lead to bring it here.''' ,'''SFL Fitness is a new concept in Fitness Training with our exclusive gyms intended to provide MMA as the new mantra for fitness training, sports and self defense.''' ,'''He was my first choice when the board sat down and said who do you want as captain. We had to make the decision. I had only one name and that was Rahul Dravid. He is someone the Indian players look up to and the international players respect.''' ,'''My sister gave birth to her daughter in London; for over a year, her husband didn't even ask about her or support her or even see his daughters.''' ,'''What irks me most about Shilpa is that she can get extremely hyper. I ask her to calm down. She's become a lot more placid than before. Any major news and her whole world crumbles in front of her. I'm the calming factor in her life.''' ,'''Some good Karma I must have done that I went from marriage from Hell to finding my real soul mate.''' ,'''Juhu is really close to the airport and it's also very close to the film studios.''' ,'''Kavita brought out the worst in me. The relationship became toxic!''' ,'''So Viaan Industries Ltd has three verticals; one is licensing and technology which concentrates on Fintech and licensing various products and creating IPs in the country in the software fintech space.''' ,]
+++