+++
author = "Benson Henderson"
title = "Benson Henderson Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Benson Henderson Quotes"
keywords = "benson henderson,benson henderson quotes,benson henderson quote,benson henderson sayings,benson henderson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't like the people, the guys who feel the need to be Donald Trump and say outlandish things just for the sake of being in the headline, just for the sake of creating a stir and getting their name out there.''' ,'''Everybody I step in the cage against I have the utmost respect for.''' ,'''Our older cousins would help us out. We'd get babysat a lot by some of mum's sisters. They took care of us. But my success in martial arts, getting to be a champion, is down to my mum.''' ,'''If you want the belt, you've got to fight everybody that lines up in front of you. You have to prove yourself by beating them anyways, so what does it matter if you beat them before you have the belt or after you have the belt?''' ,'''Being able just to worry about what it is I do best, going in there and beating somebody up, getting my hand raised - that's what I really like doing.''' ,'''I'd end up being late no matter what before I had kids. Now, with kids, I'm super late everywhere I go.''' ,'''The career span for athletes is very short-lived. So you aren't being, perhaps, the smartest person if you don't take care of your family when you're able to.''' ,'''Brock Lesnar, he did a pretty darn good job. He was a WWE star. He came to the UFC and won the UFC belt.''' ,'''My dream job growing up was to become a police officer.''' ,'''Just as fighters you have to be smart, you have to read the fine print in your contract and you have to do what's best for your family.''' ,'''I'm pretty low-key. I'm pretty boring, to be honest.''' ,'''I like to think that I'm a pretty intelligent fighter and haven't underestimated any of my opponents.''' ,'''I've always held a pretty strong civic duty.''' ,'''You want to raise good kids, but it doesn't happen in one day. You want to be a great fighter, but it doesn't happen overnight. It takes time.''' ,'''You've got to earn way to a title shot.''' ,'''When I first started training Tae Kwon Do, it was more just for discipline. My brother and I were two knuckleheads and my mom being a single mother wanted us to get more discipline somewhere other than her yelling at us. But I had no visions at all or aspirations of going from Tae Kwon Do into mixed martial arts.''' ,'''There's a difference between being over something and learning to deal with it.''' ,'''People a lot of times have expectations for combinations, if you can throw something that they don't expect or throw something in a way that they don't expect it, it can be pretty successful.''' ,'''Fighting is hard, fighting is tough. You get beat up in the body. It's hard; it takes a toll on your body.''' ,'''It's definitely a motivational factor, becoming a three-organization world champion.''' ,'''Anytime you have anybody that's physically a great athlete and a great specimen, they have the work ethic. They know how to work, know how to improve, know how to get better. They are special athletes.''' ,'''I don't always do a whole lot.''' ,'''Seeing the fight game and seeing the way things have worked out, a guy could be on a seven-fight, monstrous win streak and not get a title shot. There's no rhyme or reason to it.''' ,'''Wrestling was you wrestle in college and you become a high school coach. That was it for wrestlers. We just started to realize there is a legitimate career choice we can choose to use all our wrestling skills we spent our entire lives learning. There is something we can do it now, it's MMA.''' ,'''I always wanted to help people. I graduated from college and applied to a couple of police departments, Omaha and Denver, because I liked Denver a lot. It turns out they liked me and accepted me right away. I got hired both places, but I wanted to try fighting.''' ,'''I didn't know that I would be the UFC champion. Did I intend on being the UFC champ? Yeah, absolutely. I didn't exactly see myself doing this as a full time job or career but I certainly intended for it when I started down this path.''' ,'''Whether you want more money, whether you want more fame, whether you want more attention, whether you want a bigger house, whether you want a bigger contract, whatever it is you want, you have to win your next fight. That's it.''' ,'''You don't have to be 6-foot-7, you don't have to be 300 pounds. You can be 5-foot-2 and 135 pounds and still be one of the baddest dudes on the planet.''' ,'''Like the way Anderson Silva does it - have a fight at 205 every once in a while and always make 185, his weight class.''' ,'''I like to have performances where I don't get too beat up and don't take too much punishment. I'm OK doing three or four times a year. That's fine by me.''' ,'''A lot of my kicks are unique to MMA and the fight game in general. I wouldn't say that it's on purpose, but more because I've had success doing them and using them. I just use them more often.''' ,'''I think the mental aspect is important in all fights.''' ,'''You can pick and choose how to portray yourself.''' ,'''I'm not as big of a fan of being loud, brash and boisterous just for the sake of selling a fight.''' ,'''I've never been one of those guys who is going to hold out and wait for a title shot.''' ,'''I fight quite a bit.''' ,'''I'm always in the gym, six hours a day. I'm in the gym all the time, six days a week. It's one of the reason why my training camps are a little bit shorter. My training camp is five weeks long because I only need four weeks to get into fighting shape.''' ,'''There's whole lot of things you can get better at, improve on, day to day.''' ,'''The ability to get sponsors on your own and not have to rely on the amount that Reebok dictates to you was a huge factor. I'd be straight up lying if I said it wasn't a very big part of my decision to go to Bellator.''' ,'''I love to talk to kids and be a positive influence. It's good to hear about positive things and someone say 'do the right things' from someone other than their grandma or their mom.''' ,'''When you actually have a little bit of food and some calories behind you, it just feels better.''' ,'''For sure I think the traditional martial arts is a good background to have and definitely allows me to do a lot different things inside the cage. My wrestling background definitely helps me out a lot, but I don't think either one led directly to MMA.''' ,'''We're fighters. Stop worrying about showing up in a fur coat. Get out of here with that.''' ,'''I'm not one of those guys that says something stupid just for the sake of getting more attention.''' ,'''I'd be okay with that - staying at 155, making weight at 155 for the rest of my career. But every once in a while, having a super fight at 170 - St-Pierre and I squaring off. I'd be cool with that.''' ,'''I'd say for sure though, read the fine print in the contract. Make sure after you defend your belt for however many times and then you lose, you're not making less money than a kid who had three fights in the UFC. That's a shame. That's laughable. That is a shame.''' ,'''Every fight is a close dogfight.''' ,'''The funny thing I thought was, no matter what, people talked bad about cops. But as soon as something bad happened, when their car got stolen, who was the first person they called? Police officers. They expected them to help out and take care of them to get their stolen car back, and they did. That, to me, was a pretty big thing.''' ,'''Sometimes, you go out there and get knocked out in the first seven seconds. That might be one out of 10 times, but that is why we fight.''' ,'''It's a long journey to become successful, and you learn to grow with it. You grow with the small steps you take.''' ,'''You try to make your sparring sessions as realistic as possible.''' ,'''I don't want to be one of those guys who says, 'No, I won't fight that guy' or 'I won't fight the guy there; I need to fight him here,' or that sort of stuff. The UFC says, 'This is who you're fighting next,' and I say, 'Cool. Let's do it.'''' ,'''At 170... I need to have a 97 percent performance. And some of the guys at 170, they need to have maybe an 85 percent performance. They need to not be at their best for me to beat them.''' ,'''I'm as confident as any fighter out there.''' ,'''A lot of times, people take other people's confidence for cockiness, airheadedness, rashness or brashness, and that's the light in which they see you when you say you always knew you'd be a champion, blah blah blah. Well, you have to be confident in the sport we do. As an athlete, in general, you have to be confident.''' ,'''I think it's smart to fight to the end of your contract and see what your worth is on the open market.''' ,'''Maybe Bellator would not be a great fit for this guy but would be for this guy. Maybe the UFC is a better call for this guy, but then Bellator is better for that guy. I don't think you can make a blanket statement and say that this organization is great for everybody compared to this organization. Take it case by case.''' ,'''If I keep on winning and keep putting the work in, then everything else falls into place.''' ,'''If it comes it comes. But you can't look for a finish. If you look for a home run ball you'll never hit the home run; if you look for a goal you'll never get it but if you play the game, if you play football and the guy that's open gives you a pass and you score the goal, that's when you score. That's when you get all the goals.''' ,'''I was born in Colorado Springs and I spent a lot of time there. I moved to Denver when I first started training in MMA full time.''' ,'''I think competition is good. The world we live in, we're a capitalistic society and we're all about having options, so I think it's good.''' ,'''You just can't say 'I'll fight anybody.' Some guys do that early in their career, and their careers never have a chance to develop, because they have had five fights at 170 pounds, when they're walking around at 147 pounds. It's not smart.''' ,'''Nick and Nate Diaz. We're different people, we have different personalities. But I have mad respect for them because that is them. That is Nick and Nate being themselves and not putting on a front. Not acting differently when the cameras on than when the cameras off. I got a lot of respect for Nick and Nate for that reason.''' ,'''I would like to fight for the Brazilian fans. I would like to fight Aldo in Brazil.''' ,'''Every fight, I always try to get better and improve.''' ,'''Before, early in my career, it was always just go out there and beat the next guy up. Whoever they put in front of me,just go beat him up. Everything else would take care of itself. You want more money? Go beat the next guy up, it will take care of itself. You want better sponsors? Go beat the next guy, it will take care of itself.''' ,'''I don't really fight for money. I don't really care about the pay-per-view. The reason why I love fighting on free TV on FOX as opposed to pay-per-view is because the demographic is a lot broader.''' ,'''The bigger size of the weight class, guys are going to get tired a little bit quicker. They get tired to where they can't even keep their hands up in the fourth and fifth round.''' ,'''You work on you doing your thing, sticking to your game plan, not letting stuff distract you and get you into a danger zone.''' ,'''I just go out there and do what I do and the reason I think the Diaz's are so great, the reason they're so liked by fans and everybody - and I'm a fan of the Diaz brothers - is because they're real, they don't put on a show.''' ,'''I like getting my hand raised and I'll take it any way I can get it. Slipping on a banana peel, by the skin of my teeth. By any means, you know?''' ,'''As long as you're you, be you, do you. But be real.''' ,'''A lot worse things can happen than losing your world title. But I was able to come to terms with it, accept it, be mature about it.''' ,'''It's a very slippery slope when you have a world champion boxer fighting an MMA guy for the sake of money, and he can't knock him out in the first round. He has to make sure he carries him a little bit.''' ,'''A lot of guys need to get back in shape, I'm in the gym all the time so I don't really lose my conditioning as much as other people.''' ,'''I had a very big chip on my shoulder - I won't even lie to you. I had a very large chip on my shoulder.''' ,'''Bellator is collecting talent, collecting world-level talent all across the board.''' ,'''You want to say you're the best on the planet? Well, prove it by beating this person and that person. Beat everybody.''' ,'''All fighters are pretty confident by nature, that's just how we are.''' ,'''Do you want to be famous, or do you want to have actual money to take care of your family down the line? I'd say it's a case by case call there. Some guys fight for different reasons. What do you fight for? Do you fight for this reason or for that reason.''' ,'''You lay the groundwork, stay on the grind, and then eventually you get those big huge national deals with TV stations that are seen worldwide.''' ,'''Public image can change at the drop of a hat. One person can be a national hero and a month later because he wore the wrong colour he's violently hated so it just all depends.''' ,'''Of course to be a legend of the sport you have to truly have to have a love for MMA. You can be successful in MMA without having that love.''' ,'''Bellator is open to a fighters union - fighters binding together to see what's in our best interest. That's something you can't even breathe about elsewhere. I think it's a good thing for myself and other fighters to have that.''' ,'''There's a reason that football players, that still choose to come over to train MMA. They're professional and phenomenal freak athletes and they know how to work as professional athletes. They know how to get better and know how to improve.''' ,'''I will fight Chandler again and I will make him quit.''' ,'''As I get older, I eat healthier, try to eat the right things, make all these little sacrifices that it takes to be a champion.''' ,'''By the time I hit 33 I intend on retiring. I'm done after that.''' ,'''You want to be on TV, I want to be on TV, I want to be a part of 20 million viewers, new fans. I'd love to have that opportunity, that chance.''' ,'''It's about how much hard work you put in and who works harder - that's who wins the fights. The fight itself, when the cameras are there, that's your chance to show off and say, 'You millions of people around the world watching this, look what I can do!'''' ,'''I first decided that I could make a career of MMA after I decided to take it seriously and not act like a teenager in some band, but fully commit myself like a professional. Roughly, when I decided to up and move in the middle of the night from Omaha, Neb. to Denver, Colo. for proper training.''' ,'''We live in a capitalistic society, don't we? Our country is based on the idea of the free market. Why not incorporate that free-market ideal into your career as a mixed martial artist?''' ,'''If a guy's a very good wrestler or a really good boxer or has a really good high kick, you prepare for that. It's the same when you're going to fight someone who talks a lot of crap.''' ,'''I lost in my junior year of college in the NAIA national semifinals in 2005 and I'm not over that. I got inside leg tripped by Jake Dieffenbach and failed to go to the national title match. I don't get over things.''' ,'''I just love pure, uncompromised competition. No ball, no net, no goalie, just one person versus one person, and you can do whatever you have to do to get your hand raised.''' ,'''Once you reach a certain point in your career, every fight is a new big fight, biggest fight of your life, biggest fight of your career.''' ,'''I'm always trying to add new tricks, work on my fundamentals, and get better and improve.''' ,'''I think unions are a good thing, but sometimes, not to get too political, but unions can go the wrong way, but the idea of unions are good, they're smart, they're positive for the average American in the workforce.''' ,'''You're never going to release the next album and have it be different from your other two, three, four, five albums. People give them a hard time, but it's like, 'I'm an artist, I'm trying to grow. I don't want to have the same album for 10 albums in a row!' Same thing for a martial artist.''' ,'''A loss is always frustrating.''' ,]
+++