+++
author = "Perrie Edwards"
title = "Perrie Edwards Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Perrie Edwards Quotes"
keywords = "perrie edwards,perrie edwards quotes,perrie edwards quote,perrie edwards sayings,perrie edwards saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We don't think it's fair that women get scrutinized more than men.''' ,'''I always get told off in the mornings because I'm always late going to the studio.''' ,'''There is nothing better than having people around you who make you feel special, make you feel calm, make you feel normal.''' ,'''I think with the 'Get Weird' album, it was the hardest album we've ever made so we had no idea what sound we wanted to go for, we didn't really know what we wanted to write about... and so it took a lot of time.''' ,'''I love Topshop and I love American Apparel, things like that. I also love Urban Outfitters! When I was in New York and went to Urban Outfitters, I honestly nearly died because of how good it was.''' ,'''We've been through a lot personally, emotionally and career-wise.''' ,'''I don't think everyone is 100% comfortable in their own skin, but we're learning to love ourselves more and more, and that's what we represent in our music.''' ,'''I wonder why we get scrutinised all the time for what we wear?''' ,'''I think we're maturing as women, our music isn't going to be bubblegum forever, it is getting a bit more sexy.''' ,'''The reason that we called the album 'Glory Days' is because we're gonna look back on this time and say that it was the glory days, the best time of our life. Hopefully our fans can share that with us.''' ,'''At the end of the day, we are real people going through real things.''' ,'''When it comes to dates, I just like going to the cinema or having a night in. I can't stand fancy restaurant meals because I just get embarrassed because I'll get food all over myself. Things like bowling, shopping, or going to the park are less awkward.''' ,'''Touring is what we work so hard for - performing every night to huge crowds and getting to see all our fans close up.''' ,'''I don't think I have normal days, they're all a bit strange. We're always busy, there's always something going on and I'm always darting around so it's a busy day.''' ,'''When a girl first gets with a boy, that kind of romance makes you feel really giddy and happy. That's what 'DNA' is about... Everything on the album is about our own experiences.''' ,'''The best part about being in a group is having each other for support. The girls are like my sisters and always look out for me.''' ,'''The best revenge is success.''' ,'''The first thing women in the industry get asked about is boyfriends.''' ,'''It is hard when fans say nasty things on Twitter but we are starting to build a thicker skin and are getting used to it.''' ,'''When we were younger we were so confident. Then when we got flung into the industry we began to get self-conscious and started criticising ourselves because other people were doing it.''' ,'''That's what 'LM5' is about, empowering women to be who they are.''' ,'''I love it when we speak out.''' ,'''I remember being on a red carpet and they put the mic to us and asked 'are you feminists?' and we panicked. We were so terrified to speak back then.''' ,'''It's double standards when you're young women. When we started out it was almost like, 'This is your lane, stay in your lane. You're the faces and the name.' We're not. We're the brand.''' ,'''If a guy took his top off and rain poured down on him, everyone would be like, 'Woo!' but if you're a woman you can't do stuff like that. Well, why can't you?''' ,'''Everyone's got a little bit of weird in them, and you should let it out.''' ,'''We're just very passionate about girls sticking together and the sisterhood of things.''' ,'''So 'Glory Days' is, basically, we've been saying that these are the best days of our lives and we're gonna look back on this when we're really old and think 'Wow, we had so much fun, we absolutely loved it and we had the best times of our lives.'''' ,'''I've lost a lot of friends.''' ,'''When I put about my anxiety on social media, I decided I'm just going to be honest about it. I'm really glad I did it because I do think social media has taken over everyone's lives right now, especially the young ones. Kids are rocking around with Instagram at 5.''' ,'''We write about everything; we are very honest when we write.''' ,'''When we do interviews and we get asked the same questions over and over, I'm like, 'I wish we'd get asked something different.' But when we do, I have no idea. I'm not prepared. Because it's hard to remember your own life!''' ,'''One thing we've had to do in our careers, which is hard, is to put on a brave face.''' ,'''I didn't want to go for the 'X Factor' because I just thought people were going to laugh and take me off the stage. You just got to go for it because what's the worst that can happen?''' ,'''I think we just get scrutinised for everything - even when you breathe!''' ,'''Little Mix stand for girl power and sisterhood.''' ,'''We're businesswomen.''' ,'''I definitely always wanted to be a singer and a performer. I think I got it from my parents because my dad's a singer and my mom's a singer, so it kind of runs in the family and I just thought it was normal.''' ,'''We try and reply to as many fans as we can, especially on Twitter.''' ,'''My thing is my purple lip. When in doubt put on a purple lip.''' ,'''I will never change. In years to come, I'll still be that Geordie lass walking round South Shields with a battered Mars Bar!''' ,'''I do like making things a bit controversial - I think that's what sells and what catches people's ear.''' ,'''Being in a girl group, we might bicker a lot about hair dryers or straighteners, but it's never serious. We've been lucky that we get along so much, it's like having three other sisters to party with every day - it's fun!''' ,'''Be yourself. Be confident.''' ,'''When we're on tour we don't stop, from start to finish we don't stop dancing because our main goal, for people who come to a Little Mix concert, is we put on a show. Like the whole shebang.''' ,'''I can taste and everything. I can taste every little ingredient in food.''' ,'''We want to write about things that we can always relate to.''' ,'''Obviously, don't copy everything we do.''' ,'''We all felt very passionate about what we wanted to do and how we wanted to be perceived by our fans and by the media.''' ,'''We've always had each other, it's always Little Mix - it's us.''' ,'''Being the same is boring.''' ,'''Everything we do is different like we have photoshoots, then video shoots, rehearsals, vocal warm up days, learning all the different harmonies then we have recording days. Every day is different.''' ,'''Well, we get a lot of fan mail and it gets sent to the office - so we never see it for ages, and then we have one day of going through it all.''' ,'''We like to stay grounded and be normal people and not act like divas.''' ,'''The thing is with us is, we never want to be predictable. But at the same time we know what our fans love and we know what kind of sounds we want to get across to everyone.''' ,'''I think everyone can relate to music.''' ,'''Is Pharrell Williams hotter than Justin Bieber? I don't think so.''' ,'''We're perfectionists. We take everything we do so seriously.''' ,'''I shake my legs constantly when I'm sitting crossed legged.''' ,'''I'm not like 'Oh I am going to be so mobbed today and everyone is going to take my photo.' I don't see myself like that.''' ,'''I'll get married when I'm bloody ready!''' ,'''In Manchester a girl pulled a lock of my hair out once. She hugged me and then tugged my head and just walked away hugging it.''' ,'''We're a brand, but I think the difference is that we know we're a brand and we take advantage of that for our own benefit. We use it for us, not for other people.''' ,'''I always say if girls stick together we can be the strongest force ever.''' ,'''I think being named role models kind of happened just naturally, we never really asked for it. Which is lovely, I love the fact that girls look up to us and we empower people and inspire them.''' ,'''I literally have a clearout every two months and I give all my clothes away to my little cousins and stuff. And they just buzz off it. If I was younger, and my cousin or sister was in Little Mix, and they gave me all their hand-me-downs, I'd be the happiest girl in the world.''' ,'''Everything is harder for a woman in every kind of aspect and that's why we try to empower women with our music, our image and everything we stand for.''' ,'''We're girls' girls.''' ,'''I love how strong we are, the strength women have is ridiculous. The things we can do are unreal.''' ,'''We don't rest, we don't sleep.''' ,'''We have grafted, we write our own music, we are great performers - we put our life and soul into it. So when people say, 'Why are they wearing that?' you just want to say, 'Did you hear the vocals? Did you see the performance? Did you see how much went into it?'''' ,'''I wouldn't say we're feminists... we don't hate our men.''' ,'''When you're in this industry life's never going to be normal. As much as you try.''' ,'''I think, do you know what, I'm going to be honest and say, the times I actually pick myself apart and feel miserable is when I get papped in a bikini.''' ,'''I think when you go through a breakup, the first initial thing you do is put on music.''' ,'''When you're a pop star it doesn't mean you just get free stuff.''' ,'''We wake up some days and feel like the most fierce people ever. But some days we'll be like: 'Oh my God, I'm so ugly.'''' ,'''I like vintage shops mainly, because then you can get one-of-a-kind pieces.''' ,'''When I was little, my oesophagus was too small, so I had to get it operated on to help me eat properly.''' ,'''Our fans are just so amazing and supportive! We're really thankful.''' ,'''I think you have to learn to have a thick skin. I think it comes with being in a girl band and being an artist. People want to know what you're doing and what you're up to, which is fine with us.''' ,'''I learn new things every day, but I've learned that no matter what life throws at you, you take it day by day.''' ,'''We want everybody to feel great about themselves.''' ,'''I've always had anxiety, I just don't think it's ever been triggered in a way where it's become a physical attack so when it first started happening to me, it was so scary because I didn't know what was going on.''' ,'''When you're young and you think of being a popstar, you think, 'Oh I want everyone to love me and ask for my autograph.'''' ,'''You'd never think getting four random girls together would work, but it really did.''' ,'''In our careers you don't get the option to say, 'I'm going to take two months off, or go on holiday.' You just don't have that in this lifestyle and it has made us realise we do work non-stop.''' ,'''We're mature women, we want to talk about naughty things.''' ,'''If you could still see yourself living in a cardboard box with somebody with no money then that is love you know, it's what's important.''' ,'''As difficult as it can be to have your private life plastered all over the press and on social media every day, I guess the one plus side is that it is like a looking glass for other women to look in and relate to.''' ,'''We've been around the world, we've performed in places we couldn't even imagine we'd perform in.''' ,'''I'm glad for my mom making me do 'The X Factor.'''' ,'''A lot of 1D fans are our fans as well and most are very supportive of us.''' ,'''I thought I was just a normal singer. I did a few shows at school but was always at the back. I never had the confidence to do it well.''' ,'''I'm a human, we're going to go through hard times and hard periods of our life, it's not going to be an easy ride all the time. That's what we forget. On social media, it seems that way that living are living these idyllic lives and it's not. There's going to be bumps in the road, that's life.''' ,'''I try not to let what I read in the paper get to me. But I still read things and I think 'That didn't happen.'''' ,'''The reason I never wanted to speak about it before was because every time someone said, 'I've got a bit of anxiety,' it would trigger it and then it would happen. It was almost like speaking about it made it come out; this devil I was terrified of.''' ,'''I was such a scared cling-on-to-my-mum's-leg kind of girl, even when I was 15, 16. If I was in McDonald's and I needed ketchup, I wouldn't go up and ask. I'd be too shy.''' ,'''We perform better when the lyrics mean something to us when we sing them.''' ,'''What we stand for is making people feel good about themselves. That's what we love about people looking up to us.''' ,]
+++