+++
author = "Hillary Scott"
title = "Hillary Scott Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Hillary Scott Quotes"
keywords = "hillary scott,hillary scott quotes,hillary scott quote,hillary scott sayings,hillary scott saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are so many music genres competing against each other, but I feel like country music has always been a unified front.''' ,'''Honestly, being in a band with two guys has prepared me so much for when it's time for me to get married!''' ,'''Being the only girl, I feel a lot of pressure. I try not to think about it, but I definitely get in the gym a lot more frequently towards awards season. The guys always look great. They're both great looking and wear a good suit and a great tie and some awesome shoes and they're good to go. I'm like, 'I don't know what to do!'''' ,'''I've been told I'm an old soul, but I'm only 25. I have the old with the new in me, and my house reflects that.''' ,'''When you are pushing yourself to not go back to the same well, you're gonna come up with something different, or you'll find songs that are different.''' ,'''The three of us just try put our heads down and stay creative. The awards truly are just cake. It's one of those things that you never expect, but getting the head nod from either the fans or your peers, that's the ultimate compliment.''' ,'''If I had to name one thing that probably causes more conflict within the band, it's probably the fact that I'm the girl, and it takes much longer with hair and makeup and wardrobe. But they've gotten used to it. It's one of those things I think they realize that when they say she'll be ready in 10 minutes, it normally means 15 or 20.''' ,'''We want to stay on this tour bus together as long as we possibly can. I'm sure a lot of bands are like, 'I need my own space.' But we don't. I want to be with these guys forever.''' ,'''It's like these songs are your babies and you don't want anybody to think your babies are ugly! You never really know until you throw it out there if it's gonna take. And that is a really scary and vulnerable place to be, so having those songs be embraced is the best feeling in the world. That's been our dream our whole lives.''' ,'''It's like these songs are your babies and you don't want anybody to think your babies are ugly! You never really know until you throw it out there if it's gonna take.''' ,'''You learn how to compromise and you learn how to read each other. Honestly, being in a band with two guys has prepared me so much for when it's time for me to get married!''' ,'''I'm kind of old-fashioned, so I think the guy should always be the one to call. The girl just answers... Or doesn't answer.''' ,'''In high school I was the manager of the football team, so being around boys is natural to me!''' ,''''Need You Now' is a universal subject matter. It's something that not just country fans, not just pop fans - everybody's been there. And the production was a little left of center.''' ,'''There's a song called 'All We'd Ever Need,' which is actually the first song that the three of us wrote together on our first album, and when we wrote that song I didn't have any real experience to pull from.''' ,'''I'm not a tanning bed person at all, but I'll get a spray tan.''' ,'''I love the excitement, the childlike spirit of innocence and just about everything that goes along with Christmas.''' ,'''I'll never forget when we played Shepherd's Bush in London. We played 'I Run To You', and we put the mic out for the last chorus, and you could hear them singing the chorus with the beautiful accent that they have.''' ,'''Chris proposed exactly the way I've always dreamed. Our families were close by, but it was just us out on a beautiful deck overlooking a lake in East Tennessee. We had just been on a hike and - in our workout clothes - he hit the knee! We feel so blessed by God that He sent us each other, and we are looking so forward to forever together.''' ,'''My biggest celebrity crush is either Ryan Reynolds or Caleb Followill, the lead singer of Kings of Leon.''' ,'''My parents traveled a lot, so my grandparents practically raised me. My grandmother and I really bonded in the kitchen. She's this amazing southern cook, and I would always help her - whether it was cracking eggs or stirring the green beans. It takes me back there.''' ,'''We have a song like 'Ready to Love Again' that is really, really special to me. It's the one that I relate to the most. It's very personal, so we really allowed ourselves to go there and be vulnerable and show the fans that we feel and we hurt and we love just like anybody else does. I hope they feel that when they hear it.''' ,'''I absolutely love the fact that they are looking out for me and it's not really even just Charles and Dave. Out on the road, I'm one of very few girls out here. There's a lot of pseudo big brothers who are keeping an eye out on me.''' ,'''Guys are really easy to get along with. It's a lot better than being on the bus with eight girls. But the worst part is being the only girl, because there's some days where you just wanna watch a chick flick.''' ,'''You pretty much can't get away from bacon or whiskey in the South. Put a doughnut in it and you'd be good to go.''' ,'''I was homeschooled on the road for kindergarten, then went to elementary school and a private Christian school while living with my grandparents until I graduated, and I loved it. But my parents were gone a lot.''' ,'''I wanted to be a vet, a nurse, a chef - I mean, anything but the music industry. But once I hit high school, the bug really bit me. You can't deny where you come from and what's in your genes, and music definitely was. I haven't looked back since.''' ,]
+++