+++
author = "Hayden Christensen"
title = "Hayden Christensen Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Hayden Christensen Quotes"
keywords = "hayden christensen,hayden christensen quotes,hayden christensen quote,hayden christensen sayings,hayden christensen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love acting because it's a bit of an escape. It gives you the ability to reinvent yourself. They say that acting is the shy man's revenge.''' ,'''One of the things I find about acting is that the less the audience knows about the actor, the more they're able to believe in him in the role.''' ,'''I don't find Hollywood interesting, so I'm thinking of studying architecture instead.''' ,'''I try to stay away from the L.A. scene as much as possible. I feel it helps me to better prepare for my roles if I am not too involved in that whole thing.''' ,'''A long time ago, in a country not so far away, I was eight years old, doing my best Darth Vader imitation.''' ,'''Actors are observers. They're trying to have an understanding of human sensibility. And how do you have that accurate observation if you regard yourself as someone of great importance? When you're the one constantly being observed, because they view you as a celebrity? It's all wrong.''' ,'''Everyone has their own approach to how they work.''' ,'''For me, when I'm making a movie I like to stay in character throughout the day.''' ,'''I have two sisters and a mother, obviously, so I grew up with a household of girls. Maybe I have a greater respect for women because of it.''' ,'''I'm just this kid from Toronto who got his start.''' ,'''I've always been kind of a hermit.''' ,'''I love my mother Ali so much. I'm a momma's boy. I just have a very cool mom. It's not as though I had any say in the matter. I'm just really fortunate. She's the most kind, loving, giving woman.''' ,'''I wish they taught green screen acting classes.''' ,'''Between takes I find it difficult to switch off and then try and re-emerge myself in the part, so I try to stay in that frame of mine all day. It can be exhausting and you lose a sense of self, but it is the method that works best for me.''' ,]
+++