+++
author = "Aditi Rao Hydari"
title = "Aditi Rao Hydari Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Aditi Rao Hydari Quotes"
keywords = "aditi rao hydari,aditi rao hydari quotes,aditi rao hydari quote,aditi rao hydari sayings,aditi rao hydari saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Rumours are a part of show business.''' ,'''I don't want to become a jaded person, and I don't want to be complacent.''' ,'''I love that I have no inhibitions. I like to be shameless in front of the camera.''' ,'''It's archaic to think about films as a solo lead or multi-starrer.''' ,'''I saw Mani sir's 'Bombay,' and I wanted to be a Mani sir heroine.''' ,'''I don't shy away from competition.''' ,'''I don't have the privilege of choice to say, 'I want to work with you,' and the person will say, 'Yes, come on, I will write a film for you.' It doesn't happen for people like me who come from the outside.''' ,'''I've been dancing since I was five. To me, dance is a visual representation of being free and empowered.''' ,'''Dhanush is an insanely incredible actor. To be directed by him has been nothing short of a learning experience.''' ,'''I always consider myself a Hyderabadi; my roots are here.''' ,'''When a script shows two individuals attracted to each other, why can't they kiss on screen? As far as the scene is honest, not meant to titillate the masses, and, most importantly, I am convinced about it, I am okay with it.''' ,'''I play my part in my films with utmost honesty.''' ,'''I am a very girly girl.''' ,'''I'm very clear about my priorities - quality and credibility is important to me. A film and a character that lives beyond my years is important to me. People's love is important to me.''' ,'''People who can actually challenge me and push me and almost push me to breaking point and extract a performance out of me, I really enjoy that.''' ,'''I want to work with good people and good directors.''' ,'''I think boldness is not the only thing in my personality, but there is lot more.''' ,'''In general, a film's delay is disheartening for actors, but it's harder on the director and the producer who have been on the project for longer than anyone else. While actors move on to other projects, the film's makers don't.''' ,'''Delhi, for me, means my mother and lots of love!''' ,'''I have been lucky that good people have chosen me to be a part of their films, and I am really grateful.''' ,'''Akshay Kumar is always on time. He is always disciplined and hard working but also always entertaining, fun behind the camera and also in front of it.''' ,'''If I trust the people I work with, then I deliver my part with complete trust.''' ,'''When you step inside a set and transform into a character, it's your first brush with that role. It doesn't matter who you have worked with. Every character will be a first in your life as an artiste.''' ,'''If I believe that I have done it all, there's nothing more for me to learn and explore.''' ,'''My mother is a Chitrapur Saraswat from Mangalore and half-Telugu, and my father is a Bohri Muslim. My mother's father, J Rameshwar Rao, was the Raja of Wanaparthy, a principality of Hyderabad. He was influenced by the socialist movement and became the first Raja to give up his title.''' ,'''Everyone associates Hyderabad with biryani, so when I say I was born here, the first thing people ask is - 'When will you make Hyderabadi khana for us?' Whenever I make biryani, my friends come over.''' ,'''My family was extremely progressive. My parents had a love marriage, but they separated when I was two years old. I moved to Delhi with my mom, who got involved with the family business.''' ,'''It's always exciting to work with people you admire.''' ,'''I'm a director's actor, and I surrender myself to the vision and the process. I think nothing else matters then.''' ,'''I don't want the baggage of knowing things when I walk on to a set. I am more comfortable being an empty slate, surrendering before a director and writer's vision. I've realised that this is the best way for me to function.''' ,'''As actors, we want more people to love and appreciate us. We want more fans.''' ,'''I have played innocent characters that are inherently me, but I have a sensual side, too.''' ,'''I think the saying that diamonds are a girl's best friend can't be truer. Which girl doesn't love diamonds?''' ,'''I remember in a film of mine, though both my co-star and I were newcomers, he got far better paid than me. I was shocked and appalled. I actually asked him what different are you doing that you are getting better paid!''' ,''''Boss' is a big scale entertainer... It is my first film of this kind.''' ,'''Films need a good direction, strong scripts, and hardworking actors. 'Wazir' has all of these.''' ,'''I feel that I don't know anything, I don't know how to act, but I can surrender myself to a director I respect and love. I feel very lucky to be a part of their visions.''' ,'''I only can talk about myself and my experience. Honestly, working on your own terms is difficult for a newcomer but not impossible. I am an example of that.''' ,'''In film business or any business, for that matter, there are people with different mindsets. Some would be compassionate and respectful, some might just be the womaniser, but how can we generalise that? That is wrong, I guess... That way, in a male-dominating society, shining is tough for women.''' ,'''I like to look effortlessly beautiful.''' ,'''We women are glamorous, we work hard, and that's how we work in Bollywood.''' ,'''The whole point of creativity is that it has no boundaries of language, region, and age.''' ,'''Good cinema has no regional or linguistic boundaries.''' ,'''I am not a trained singer, but when I was offered to sing for 'LPNY,' I took it up as a challenge.''' ,'''When you'e working with great actors, your performance also becomes better because you have such great energy in front of you.''' ,'''I'm a very instinctive person. If my heart feels I should do something, I go for it.''' ,'''As films are a mass medium, if more people love your work, it is better.''' ,'''I'm really pleased with the way my career is shaping up. How many actresses get a chance to work with legends like Mani Ratnam and Sanjay Leela Bhansali?''' ,'''When you're happy, you look beautiful.''' ,'''No artiste wants to be boxed. We thrive on challenging roles, and they can come from anywhere. I consider myself blessed to be recognised as a pan-Indian actor. Yes, it means more hard work, prepping more for the roles, but I'm all for it.''' ,'''People of same age group bond easily at various levels, as they have same concerns.''' ,'''I didn't have any godfather in the industry and had to prove myself with each film.''' ,'''I'm a dancer and comfortable with my body.''' ,'''I am very petite and feel that structured clothes look very flattering on me. That's why I always pick up clothes which are neat, pretty, have lace or made of soft fabrics.''' ,'''I consider myself as a director's actor, so I'm open to work with filmmakers from across the country and even abroad.''' ,'''For me, Hyderabad was all about summer holidays, rasam rice, spicy pickles, and more.''' ,'''With us city girls, there is an assumption that we have the space to raise our voice.''' ,'''I love minimalistic jewellery with a contemporary touch.''' ,'''I guess people feel that if you're working with good directors and are known in the Hindi film industry, then you won't work in South films. However, I believe that films have no boundaries of language, religion, or cast. If it's a good script and a good director, I can do a film in Spanish as well.''' ,'''While shooting for 'Kaatru Veliyidai,' I was living my childhood dream of working with my favourite director. It was surreal and thrilling at the same time.''' ,'''Even the duster in my house has to be beautiful; no old piece of cloth will ever be used in its place.''' ,'''Getting work is not tough, but to work with people I always wanted to is difficult.''' ,'''I always feel blessed because so many people have taken me under their wings, nurtured me, and made me a part of their vision.''' ,'''I want somebody to push me and grill me and extract a performance out of me which nobody expects.''' ,'''I read a lot, but in comparison to my family, it's nothing. I keep telling them, 'I'm the illiterate of the family.' My grandfather used to read five books at a time.''' ,'''By doing a masala film or wearing a bikini, I am not trying to change my image.''' ,'''I don't think art is bound by language or country.''' ,'''The industry is a difficult place to be in. It is not at all rosy. There are judgements being made. I don't like bad publicity, but that is part and parcel of it. However, I am grateful for whatever I have got from the industry.''' ,'''I don't want to be complacent, ever.''' ,''''Happy girls are the prettiest,' and to be in the camera frame makes me happy. I just want myself to keep working. I can be in front of the camera for 48 hours continuously without any breaks.''' ,'''I was born to an illustrious family in Hyderabad.''' ,'''I can be sweet-looking innocent girl, but I may have a sensual side to me, which I would love to explore.''' ,'''Everyone in Hyderabad is generous and loving.''' ,'''At the beginning, when I did 'Yeh Saali Hai Zindagi,' I got a lot of love, which is ever increasing.''' ,'''I would rather like my work to speak for itself.''' ,'''I have never been vocal about my singing abilities, but I am always ready to present my dancing skills.''' ,'''I believe everyone has their own place in B'town.''' ,'''My formative years were not spent in Hyderabad, so I can only understand Telugu, but I love the culture.''' ,'''I don't like talking about my love for singing.''' ,'''It is very natural for a couple in love to be physically intimate.''' ,'''I must say that Dhanush wears the hat of director and actor pretty seamlessly.''' ,'''I do not experiment very much and prefer the kind of clothes that Sabyasachi designs - they are rooted in our traditions and yet are very modern. I think it has something to do with my growing-up years and the kind of clothes I saw around me.''' ,'''The experience of shooting a film is about the script, the captain of the ship who is the director, and the way they push their actors and teams to give their best. It's not about the language and the region.''' ,'''What you are is what you are, and I don't think you should ever fight it. But as an actor, I feel lucky to play different parts.''' ,'''It's an enthralling experience to be in front of the mic and record a song.''' ,'''For me, love is magic; it's about trust and understanding. It's putting the other person before you effortlessly.''' ,'''I didn't get that great a launch as an actress, but slowly and steadily, I made my presence felt in the industry.''' ,'''According to me, a film can talk for itself. Like, Aamir Khan does not promote his films on a large scale, but his films work on the box office.''' ,'''Delhi is fabulous - the roads, greenery, the monuments!''' ,'''Most of the parents in India, especially in smaller towns, fear for daughters due to the inhuman treatment meted out to them. They want her to go away, saying, 'You're not my responsibility anymore.' I don't understand: why don't we nurture our girls?''' ,''''Atonement' is one of my all-time favourite movies.''' ,'''I've followed Mysskin sir's work, and I really like his style of filmmaking.''' ,'''Though all actors do not make good directors, Dhanush is really one of the finest. He knows exactly how to direct an actor to extract the performance the way he wants it. Perhaps that is happening because he is a performer himself.''' ,'''My great grandfather from my father's side, Sir Akbar Hydari, was the prime minister of the Nizam of Hyderabad. He was instrumental in setting up the Osmania university. His wife set up the Hydari club for women so that they could play tennis, and she also set up the first girls' school in Hyderabad.''' ,'''I want to do different things. I don't want to be stuck in the 'sweet girl' box. I don't want to be stuck in the 'Oh, she is so glamorous' box.''' ,'''Labels are limiting, and I don't like them.''' ,'''If people view wearing bikini as a problem, then dirt is in their mind and not in mine.''' ,'''I am grateful for all the opportunities I've had.''' ,'''For someone, success is to be the highest paid actress. For some, it might be the number of awards, and for some, it is the number of films. Honestly, I feel privileged when a celebrated filmmaker offers me a role so that I can be a part of his vision. That is success for me.''' ,'''I don't really understand why we are paid less than the male actors, because we put equal efforts, and recent past has shown that actresses can deliver a hit film. We deserve better pay, equal to what actors get.''' ,]
+++