+++
author = "Chuck Liddell"
title = "Chuck Liddell Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Chuck Liddell Quotes"
keywords = "chuck liddell,chuck liddell quotes,chuck liddell quote,chuck liddell sayings,chuck liddell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My first contract I was offered by the UFC, or my second contract, it was 1-and-1, 2-and-2, 3-and-3. That's $12,000 for the year. Don't complain to me about fighter pay. It was $12,000 for a year, and it was exclusive.''' ,'''I never expected it, but I've gotten paid a lot to do what I love. There are no complaints.''' ,'''I'm probably not going to be popular with the fighters with this one, but my biggest problem is guys playing it safe. I understand it from a coach's standpoint and a manager's standpoint. I understand why you'd want to play it safe and want to win the fight, win every fight. I get it.''' ,'''My grandpa never got to see me fight. He always thought that I was the best in the world. He always told me that.''' ,'''Everyone is on a fair playing field. It's safer for athletes, it's safer for the fighters - it's just a safer thing for fighters. So I think the USADA thing is good.''' ,'''I think some of the most important exercises are all the core exercises that you can do to maximize training in certain areas of your body.''' ,'''I've never been intimidated by anyone.''' ,'''Everyone says I drive like my grandfather, but that's not always a good thing because he didn't always watch the road because he'd talk to you and look at you. He was a deputy sheriff, a cop, for a long time. So he was always looking around, checking out other things, other than what's directly in front of him.''' ,'''I drove motorcycles through college. I didn't have the money to buy a car.''' ,'''I tried in my career to be really good to fans.''' ,'''I tell the guys all the time, 'if you have a good puncher, all the way in or all the way out.' Don't stay there and box.''' ,'''I think the reasons I retired stay the same. I don't want to change my style. I can't take a punch like I used to for whatever reason. I've heard all sorts of theories as to why that would happen, but I can't do it.''' ,'''I hate hearing in a UFC corner, 'You won the first four rounds; just stay away from him this round.'''' ,'''We run on the beach some days, and others, we run hills behind the gym. We also do several hours of grappling each week as mixed with some intense cardio in the ring.''' ,'''Someone said Anderson Silva and GSP would be a $12 million fight. I told people that for $12 million, I'd fight them both right now. At the same time. People took that as 'He's going to fight again.' It was a joke. But if you came up with $12 million, yeah, of course I will fight again.''' ,'''I don't ever go into a fight wanting to hurt someone. I just want to show them that I am better than them, and if they get hurt, it's part of the sport.''' ,'''I play fantasy football every year.''' ,'''I was in 'The Postman Always Rings Twice' with Jack Nicholson. That was fun. I think I made, like, $33 or something. I got to miss a whole day of school, and when you're a little kid, that's cool.''' ,'''When I throw the hook, I think of my arm as a whip with a rock attached to the end.''' ,'''If I weren't fighting, I'd be in the business world.''' ,'''I'll take what I can get when I go high with a hook, but the side of the head makes a big target, especially if his hands are down.''' ,'''It's a very complex sport, so judging is going to be very complex, too. And not everyone is going to agree all the time on who wins a fight.''' ,'''Everybody doesn't want to hurt to lower guys from getting paid, but it comes down to, it's a performance-based business. You get good, you win, then you get paid.''' ,'''I was the guy that would cram for everything, so I guess I was a bit of a slacker. I was a procrastinator. I spent a lot of all-nighters getting ready for tests.''' ,'''As far as losing fights, that's part of the sport.''' ,'''I thought I could beat anyone in the world.''' ,'''I don't read a lot of MMA news. I try to stay out of it.''' ,'''I'm competitive at everything.''' ,'''Every time I win, I prove something: I'm the best guy in the world at what I do.''' ,'''I have absolutely no dancing background. I think I took one swing class when I was in college, with a friend of mine. I think I went twice.''' ,'''Anderson Silva is a tough guy, man. He's dangerous. He's got heavy hands, and he's not afraid to throw them. He's a dangerous opponent for anyone.''' ,'''People got to understand, the fighters at the top are the fighters that are supposed to get paid because they're the guys that are bringing people in, bringing eyes to the TV, getting pay-per-views buys, and putting people in the seats. I mean, that's what it comes down to.''' ,'''I put myself through college.''' ,'''I've never found that getting physical is ever the best response in a bar. You just have to make sure you keep your distance, and if it gets to a point where it gets aggressive, then the best thing to do is go get a bouncer and get the situation resolved intelligently.''' ,'''I drove the Ford Ranger until probably five years after college, till about 2001, when I was almost 30.''' ,'''I used to be able to pick out the UFC fans when I was in the airport. Now, it could be anybody.''' ,'''You can't pick and choose who's going to win or who's gonna mess up.''' ,'''Totally different challenges, but being a dad and fighting both wear you out.''' ,'''Mixed martial arts is great, and it's here to stay.''' ,'''I do some weightlifting, a lot of different weight stuff, strength and conditioning stuff, a little bit of everything.''' ,'''Dancing is a lot lower-impact than ultimate fighting, but it takes a lot longer, and I burn the same amount of calories.''' ,'''I do genuinely dislike Tito Ortiz, and I don't have anything to prove to him.''' ,'''Aldo needed to feel McGregor out. Coming right at him ran into McGregor's game. I thought he'd start by taking him down and confuse him a little. Maybe he had all that stuff planned, but one combo, and Aldo got caught. That happens, especially with a guy as talented and precise and full of power as Conor.''' ,'''You can actually find a lot of gyms that do teach mixed martial arts. But it's just like with any martial art - you've got to look at the coaches, go watch some classes, see how people treat each other and how the coaches treat the students.''' ,'''My whole life, I've been training for something, whether it be baseball or football or wrestling or martial arts.''' ,'''I started doing martial arts since I was 12, and then I went into wrestling in college. After I met John Hackleman, I started getting really serious about it, and after a few amateur fights, I got an invite to the UFC and have been in love with it ever since.''' ,'''The fans have been really good to me. I thank everyone for all the support.''' ,'''It's one of those things: I'm never gonna get over not fighting, I don't think, but I'm content with my decision to retire.''' ,'''Train hard, get good coaching, and don't forget that its mixed martial arts. Don't get tied into one style of fighting, and focus on multiple disciplines.''' ,'''When I'm training for a fight, I work out two or three times a day for five days a week.''' ,'''I like Glover Teixeira; he's a former training partner.''' ,'''There's nobody in the world I wouldn't fight.''' ,'''I try to stay in shape and am always consistently working out.''' ,'''Conor McGregor has a big mouth. But I do love the way he fights.''' ,'''I don't like being bad at anything.''' ,'''Several nutrition companies have approached me over the years to endorse a number of different products. Some worked; some didn't - so I decided to create my own brand.''' ,'''I've always said that when I retire, I'll decide in the training room and not after a fight.''' ,'''I'm a fighter, and I'll always be a fighter, and it's what I love to do.''' ,'''You have to learn your own details before you can teach them.''' ,'''I like aggressive fighters who will come after me.''' ,'''I think, as a fighter, I kept improving. My movements improved, my accuracy improved.''' ,''''Dancing with the Stars' was hard work. It was interesting and fun, too, but it was hard work.''' ,'''When I'm training at home, I have five meals for the day that I just heat up. It's all planned, and that's what I eat.''' ,'''With the fights I have lost, I always want another shot and think that I can beat them.''' ,'''People still thank me for the stuff I did for this sport, and I appreciate everything people say.''' ,'''Numbers have always come easy to me.''' ,'''I grew up while I was in college. I learned how to take care of myself. I learned how to prioritize things. I learned how to get things done.''' ,'''Supplements have always been a really big part of my training regimen.''' ,'''I did well in school, was the captain of the wrestling team and the football team, and always got along well with people, so I'm sure I would have gotten a job in the real world. I probably wouldn't have liked that, though.''' ,'''That's one of the reasons I retired. To stick around, the way I was fighting, I would have to start playing it safe. I went out on my shield. That's the way I liked it. I fought that way my whole career. I don't want to bore people my last three or four fights.''' ,'''We have come a long way from the first season of 'The Ultimate Fighter.'''' ,'''I basically follow a modified Zone Diet. I have my food prepared weekly and eat 6 times a day.''' ,'''I've got a family, and I get to enjoy my family, and I get to do different things, trying the movie thing a little bit.''' ,'''It's hard for an athlete to quit what he's done his whole life.''' ,'''I have had people that I was doing some promotion stuff with go, 'You know, we had an idea. We should have, like, a legends fight.' It's always that. That conversation always comes up when we're talking about doing some promotion for a company or helping them promote their league.''' ,'''When it comes to damage, boxing will cause more damage than MMA ever will.''' ,'''I don't change my style for anybody.''' ,'''It's hard for me to fake smile. I personally think I look stupid fake smiling.''' ,'''I'm not an emotional fighter.''' ,'''The most excited you'll ever see me is after knocking a guy out.''' ,'''I eat more when I'm not training as much. But I get in the gym, and when I feel my gut, I try to eat healthy for some of my meals.''' ,'''I eat a balanced diet.''' ,'''I don't think the itch to fight has ever left me, ever. I mean, I got paid to do what I love for a living, and I got paid very well to do it. So that's going to always be there. That's always going to be like, 'Man, I wouldn't mind getting out there again.'''' ,'''I have one way of fighting: I'm going to come after you, put hands on you, and knock you out.''' ,'''My style of fighting is to go down and trying to finish the guy and trying to end fights, not laying up because I'm winning the fight, just keep going after it.''' ,'''I try to take two weeks off after a fight and then get back to working out four or five times a week.''' ,'''Jon Jones is a great fighter.''' ,'''I've got a puncher's chance against anybody.''' ,'''The worst thing is losing because you got tired, because you didn't work hard enough in training. Ugh, that's the worst.''' ,'''I come from a wrestling background but don't really use it in most of my fights.''' ,'''Having 'The Ultimate Fighter' was the thing that did it for us, live fighting on TV. That's what we had to do, was get a live fight on TV. It couldn't have worked out better.''' ,'''I have a great time with the kids. I'm always happy when they're around.''' ,'''I'm one of those guys: I'm out there trying to punch you out and to hurt you, but as soon as I'm done, hopefully there's nothing wrong with you; I'm hoping that you're okay.''' ,'''I think people liked the way I fight.''' ,'''I've been on a lot of shows that I like, doing guest appearances and little things. I'm just trying to have fun with being retired.''' ,'''I'd like to have all of my losses back. But it's too late for that.''' ,'''If you watch fights cage-side, sometimes different punches look better than others. It's like camera angles. Sometimes some punches look a lot better than they were, and sometimes a solid punch doesn't look good. So it just depends on your angle.''' ,'''A lot of people are blowing Shogun's fight with Mark Coleman out of proportion. He was coming off an injury, and he gassed early on in his first fight back.''' ,'''Some guys are gym fighters, some guys are better in the ring.''' ,'''Mountain Dew was my favorite drink through college; it kept me up studying for a lot of tests.''' ,]
+++