+++
author = "Henry Cejudo"
title = "Henry Cejudo Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Henry Cejudo Quotes"
keywords = "henry cejudo,henry cejudo quotes,henry cejudo quote,henry cejudo sayings,henry cejudo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've accomplished everything I've ever wanted to in my career.''' ,'''I would definitely love to finish school.''' ,'''I can easily fill out at 135 pounds and feel good.''' ,'''I have the best style to defeat the best pound-for-pound fighter in the world - Demetrious Johnson.''' ,'''I want to fight Tim Elliott. I want to fight him.''' ,'''The general public, they get bored. There's no interest because they think, or they know, Demetrious Johnson will always win. And I've always said, even after that loss to Demetrious Johnson, even after he beat me, I said I felt him a little bit. I still believe I can beat him, even after being knocked down the first round.''' ,'''I want to fight for a credible organization and face high caliber opponents.''' ,'''I've done things, from the Olympics to defeating two of the greatest fighters of all time.''' ,'''I'd like to see him fight at 135 for the championship. I want to see how good Demetrious Johnson is or how far he could take it.''' ,'''I don't like getting hit.''' ,'''It was very important to me to join an organization that has an established track record of helping young fighters grow into world class athletes and champions. Gladiator Challenge has been a home to such fighters as Quinton Jackson, Rashad Evans, Urijah Faber, Tyson Griffin, Chael Sonnen, Michael McDonald, and many others.''' ,'''When I think of a world class wrestler, I think of Mo Lawal.''' ,'''In MMA, it's a sport, but it's entertainment, too.''' ,'''If anything, I get better throughout the rounds.''' ,'''I'm an Olympic champ. I defeated Demetrious Johnson. I defeated T. J. Dillashaw. You think a World Series of Fighting former champ is gonna scare me?''' ,'''Will I become a UFC champion some day? I know I will.''' ,'''When you get hit to the body, you don't even worry about your face no more.''' ,'''I've actually picked up a lot of good habits from just watching film from Demetrious Johnson.''' ,'''I've been the best in the world, and I believe my self worth, it's more important to me than my net worth.''' ,'''My parents are from Mexico City.''' ,'''I respect Demetrious Johnson to the fullest. I wouldn't travel the world and find different training partners and coaches to help me defeat this man if I didn't want to win.''' ,'''I don't just want to fight Demetrious: I want to beat him, and he's been on my mind since he beat me.''' ,'''I would love to fight in Mexico City.''' ,'''Look at Colby Covington. The guy can fight, and the guy can talk. To a lot of people, he just grinds people out, and many people consider him boring, but because he opens his mouth, people want to watch him fight. A lot of people want to see him win; a lot of people want to see him lose.''' ,'''I would meet Tim Elliott at 135. At heavyweight if he wanted.''' ,'''Being humbled is a good thing.''' ,'''I'm bilingual. I speak English and Spanish.''' ,'''I'm a chameleon.''' ,'''I'm the cash cow now, man. It's the Cejudo way.''' ,'''If you think you're higher than UFC, if you think you're better than all the other fighters, then maybe you should get pulled.''' ,'''I may do some cringey and crazy things, but for crying out loud, I have Nikki Bella calling me out.''' ,'''I actually won the Copper Gloves in Arizona.''' ,'''There's not too many times in life do you get a chance at redemption.''' ,'''Growing up without a dad and not having a father figure - I noticed a hole in my life. For the longest time, I would run away from my problems instead of confronting them. I felt empty at one point. Not depressed, but empty.''' ,'''We're in the entertainment business.''' ,'''I'm a warrior.''' ,'''You can accomplish anything that you dedicate yourself to. Think how many people struggle across the world, across the country. I know anything is possible if you set your mind, your body, your soul, and your faith to it.''' ,'''I don't want people to think I'm a wrestler.''' ,'''I got a huge target on my back. But you know what, I'm going to embrace that, and everybody is on notice - flyweights and bantamweights.''' ,'''The reason why I got into mixed martial arts is the competition: I'm a competitor. I wouldn't be doing this for anything else but competition. I want to take out the best.''' ,'''A lot of people didn't believe in me.''' ,'''It's up to the UFC, but I'll fight whomever, whenever. Minus maybe Vegas.''' ,'''At the age of 31, I feel like I'm in my prime, baby.''' ,'''At 125, there's nobody in the world that can match my strength.''' ,'''I'm a big Conor McGregor fan. I really am, man. I enjoy him; I like watching him.''' ,'''I really work on my defense a lot; that's what makes me a good fighter.''' ,'''I still feel there is a trilogy between Henry Cejudo and Demetrious, and I see that playing out in the future.''' ,'''I'm a tank, man.''' ,'''M.M.A. is growing, and it's a basic wrestling sport. A lot of fighters are ex-wrestlers. A lot of guys take the easy way out, make quick money.''' ,'''I have a purpose and a meaning in life, and I have to fulfill that. Being a champion is great, but more importantly than that, you get to be an inspiration and a role model to other people.''' ,'''I'm doing my job; I'm fighting for the flyweight division.''' ,'''Coming from the background that I come from, being a gold medalist, you see Ronda Rousey and Daniel Cormier doing so well. Yoel Romero. All these Olympians. It's kinda hard to bet against them.''' ,'''I always wanted to become a student of the game and at least get six to eight fights before coming to the UFC.''' ,'''I come from the sport of wrestling, where there's nothing but respect on the mat.''' ,'''My number-one goal was just to be a good person, a good father, a good husband and then, after that, was to be an Olympic champ and eventually a UFC champ. And I've done everything I've ever kinda set my mind to.''' ,'''I'm a very detailed fighter. I'm very detailed.''' ,'''I speak three languages. I'm pretty handsome myself.''' ,'''Let's be honest: material comes and goes.''' ,'''The medal just was an object, just a medal, and that's it. What really meant something was the blood, the sweat, the tears that went into getting that medal. I'll always have the memories of that with me.''' ,'''I know success; I've done it, but success is not what everyone thinks it is. It's only a tool and a platform for a greater message. That's where my nickname 'The Messenger' comes from. The UFC and a world title are a platform for something greater. For a bigger purpose.''' ,'''I remember reading the book 'Rich Dad, Poor Dad,' and I remember writing my goals down, and my number one goal in life was just to be a good husband and a good father someday. That was number one, as a 17-year-old kid.''' ,'''My goal is to become a world champion.''' ,'''Henry Cejudo is going to become the greatest combat athlete of all time, being an Olympic champ and a two-division champ in the UFC.''' ,'''I don't like to open my mouth a lot because, I'll be honest with you, man, I come from the streets.''' ,'''I started competing on boxing, so I have my hands. I'm an O.K. wrestler, so why not?''' ,'''Sometimes when you think something is shiny and gold, it tends to be rusted and bronze, but that's just the way it is, man.''' ,'''Henry Cejudo is a motivator.''' ,'''God bless America. I am American. I'm very patriotic. I love this country.''' ,'''I don't think I'm that boring.''' ,'''Suffering makes me hungry. Suffering allows me to put some hurt in my opponent. It's a good thing.''' ,'''I've traveled to Brazil, Europe, Asia - all in preparation to defeat Demetrious Johnson, to defeat the pound-for-pound best fighter in history.''' ,'''I think something that has separated me from the rest of the competition - maybe it's just my way of thinking - I don't necessarily go into fights just wanting to win but to actually dominate. So when I don't feel like I dominate, sometimes I feel like a loser, I guess, you know, maybe in that perspective.''' ,'''The thing that people don't know about me - I actually boxed amateur for a few years.''' ,'''I'm an Arizona boy.''' ,'''The only thing I know how to do is survive.''' ,'''I think I have all tools in the world to beat anybody at 125 pounds. I really do.''' ,'''I took my time with the sport of MMA. I wrestled, won the Olympics. I boxed for years.''' ,'''Everything that I did to win a gold medal, I'm practically transferring it over to mixed martial arts.''' ,'''I'm ready for anybody. If it's John Dodson, if it's Demetrious Johnson, if it's Joseph Benavidez, I'm ready for whichever one, whoever wants a piece of me.''' ,'''I'm not an emotional person.''' ,'''At some point, if the UFC allows me, I'd like to go to 125 because I know I can win that belt, man. I'm too strong, and I'm too fast.''' ,'''I have a nutritionist living with me, cooking my food, weighing it, portioning out a lot of things, and it's very detailed now.''' ,'''I'm a fighter now. I'm officially a mixed martial artist. I'm not a wrestler no more.''' ,'''I'm a competitor; I love to compete.''' ,'''When I'm inspired, I know I can get things done.''' ,'''In wrestling, you're talking about a fraternity of champions, and I got a chance to be a part of that Olympic championship club. And anyone that ever won the Olympics in wrestling, there's something different about them.''' ,'''I have really heavy muscle.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Jon Jones.''' ,'''I'm actually really good friends with Gray Maynard.''' ,'''A wrestler loves to compete. At the end of the day, a wrestler just wants to compete.''' ,'''Why call out the champion in my first title defense? Because that's who Henry Cejudo is.''' ,'''I study myself. I study film, and I make sure that everything's on point.''' ,'''I'm the one. I know I'm the one. I have the style, I have the wrestling. I know I'm the one to beat Demetrious Johnson.''' ,'''It's part of the sport, getting hit.''' ,'''In Mexico, I want to be known as the Aztec Warrior.''' ,'''To beat Henry Cejudo, you might have to bring an AK-47 and a couple dudes.''' ,'''If people think or believe that the flyweight division is boring, man, you're out of your mind.''' ,'''In the year 2013, I fought six times. I fought four times in two-and-a-half months.''' ,'''Spanish is actually my first language, growing up, and I understand the culture. I understand the culture; I understand what the people want.''' ,'''I think T. J. Dillashaw and Demetrious Johnson - I'm a bad matchup for both of them.''' ,]
+++