+++
author = "Gail Porter"
title = "Gail Porter Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Gail Porter Quotes"
keywords = "gail porter,gail porter quotes,gail porter quote,gail porter sayings,gail porter saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you have children, that's your main focus.''' ,'''People say, what is she thinking? I'm thinking: fun; cash; travel.''' ,'''I don't miss my pin-up days. I'm far too old for that malarkey.''' ,'''But I love New York. I used to set my alarm clock when I was there, and get up at 4am and get a coffee, just because I could.''' ,'''I used to be pretty reckless. When I was a runner for a production company, I drove a massive 16 seater van. I was only 18. I mean I look young now, but then I looked about 12.''' ,'''I'm always weeping at something or other.''' ,'''I try to cope with everything through humor.''' ,'''My mum brought me up to think that personal happiness is more important than your family.''' ,'''I just don't think men fancy me.''' ,'''I do mixed martial arts, mainly kickboxing.''' ,'''So long as you've got your friends about you, and a good positive attitude, you don't really have to care what everyone else thinks.''' ,'''I have tried therapy a couple of times, but it hasn't worked.''' ,'''The greatest thing you can give a child is confidence.''' ,'''My parents' marriage was very rocky. They were always arguing. When they split up when I was in my 20s, my brother and I were both delighted because we knew they weren't good for each other.''' ,'''Usually I trundle about in trainers and baggy jeans, looking about as attractive as a potato.''' ,'''Bald is the new black!''' ,'''You can go to the doctor a million times if you're feeling down, and get nowhere, but if you go for a run it makes you feel really good.''' ,'''I have a problem with cleaning. It's my release. I get up at 6 A.M. and clean and hoover and mop everything. Then I feel better.''' ,'''I'm so bored of all these girls who have written about 20 books by the time they're 25.''' ,'''Every day I do something that freaks me out.''' ,'''My mother and I were very close and even when I left home and came to London I would ring her every day. She was very proud of me and loved my celebrity. She would often come to shoots and TV shows with me.''' ,'''I'm a mum, so my wardrobe consists of sweaters and jeans. As long as I don't leave the house forgetting my jeans, I count that as a fashion success.''' ,'''I like routine.''' ,'''I don't think I'm that intelligent. I think I'm semi-intelligent.''' ,'''I've always had an addictive nature.''' ,'''I read everything and anything. I love books.''' ,'''Mum's a worrier, she looked after everybody apart from herself - I think it runs in the family.''' ,'''What's so brave about being bald? I've not fought for my country or found the cure for cancer - I've just gone out without my hat on!''' ,'''I don't believe in God.''' ,'''The more I read about feeding times, sleep times and waking-up times, the more inadequate and miserable I felt.''' ,'''Love has no age.''' ,'''I do tend to overdo everything.''' ,'''I read in the paper that I'd slashed my wrists. But I didn't.''' ,'''Mmm, I love Yoda. I didn't like Jar Jar Binks though, he was all wrong.''' ,'''TV presenting isn't the hardest job in the world, and I've done all right financially out of it.''' ,'''I love books.''' ,'''I know a lot of celebrity types go for Kabbalah and Scientology. But why pay 10 per cent of your earnings to someone when it's all common sense: treat others as you'd like to be treated yourself.''' ,'''Exercise keeps me occupied, which is good for my mental health.''' ,'''I want to break down some of the stigma associated with mental illness.''' ,'''When I was bald, I went through a period where I seemed to do nothing except TV programmes about being bald.''' ,'''I didn't have any problem bonding with Honey, but I was plagued with insecurities about my ability to bring up my baby.''' ,'''Scotland is the best place in the whole world.''' ,]
+++