+++
author = "Jill Stein"
title = "Jill Stein Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Jill Stein Quotes"
keywords = "jill stein,jill stein quotes,jill stein quote,jill stein sayings,jill stein saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We really need a public-interest government that is not taking marching orders from the fossil-fuel industry and the banks and the war profiteers. We really need a government that is acting on our behalf.''' ,'''To provide a welcoming path to citizenship for immigrants and to restore our civil liberties, our foreign policy platform is very important.''' ,'''I have long since thrown in the towel on the Democratic and Republican parties because they are really a front group for the 1%, for predatory banks, fossil fuel giants, and war profiteers.''' ,'''This is sort of typical Hillary Clinton: to do things that are not legal, to say that they are, and then try to cover them up. Hillary Clinton severely chastised other whistleblowers for using Internet channels that were not secure, and yet she herself was doing that with private, high-level State Department information.''' ,'''Donald Trump is about the rise of right-wing extremism, not only in this country, but in Europe.''' ,'''With Hillary, you know, I think, across the board, Hillary is the Wal-Mart candidate. Though she may change her tune a little bit, you know, she's been a member of the Wal-Mart board. On jobs, on trade, on healthcare, on banks, on foreign policy, it's hard to find where we are similar.''' ,'''We create refugees, and then our Democratic Party, together with the Republicans, who are also a party to this, are criminalizing them and sending them back, inhumanely.''' ,'''The mythology is that political change happens only in election years. The truth is you build from election to election.''' ,'''Trump says very scary things - deporting immigrants, massive militarism and, you know, ignoring the climate. Well, Hillary, unfortunately, has a track record for doing all of those things.''' ,'''The Holocaust of Nazi Germany is certainly no less of a historic crime than the Holocaust that went on for centuries against African-Americans. That process of reparations, and a truth and reconciliation discussion, was extremely helpful in the country of Germany, and we need to have that here.''' ,'''Democracy is not what we don't want. Democracy is what we do want. It is a set of affirmative values by which we can move forward. If we cannot insert our values into our vote, and our vote is simply against what we fear most, then we are a ship lost at sea.''' ,'''I don't know if Gary Johnson is out there doing a campaign, actually. I think he's talking to press a little bit, but I don't think they hold events.''' ,'''We already know that kids who get put in front of TVs instead of interacting, this is not good in all kinds of ways. And it's just not good for their cognitive - it's not good for their social development - I mean, that is incredible that kids in kindergarten... We should be moving away from screens at all levels of education, not moving into them.''' ,'''Elizabeth Warren has very good proposals regarding Wall Street, but she really has not been leading the charge for single-payer health care... and is pretty much a war hawk in alignment with Hillary Clinton.''' ,'''On climate change, we are told that there will be a civilization-ending development in the form of massive sea level rise as soon as 2050. Anybody plan to be here in 2050? I think a few of us do, myself included.''' ,'''I think there's no question that vaccines have been absolutely critical in ridding us of the scourge of many diseases - smallpox, polio, etc. So vaccines are an invaluable medication. Like any medication, they also should be - what shall we say? - approved by a regulatory board that people can trust.''' ,'''Hillary talks the talk, but in my view, she is as big a corporatist, as big a war monger, as big an imperialist as any of the Republican presidential candidates. Her rhetoric is less offensive.''' ,'''Without third parties, all forward movement stops. They're essential. They're not just OK. They are absolutely essential.''' ,'''After the election of George McGovern in 1972 as a peace candidate - I should say his election to the nomination of the Democratic Party - the party changed the rules to steeply tilt that playing field, creating superdelegates and Super Tuesdays that make it very hard for a grassroots campaign to prevail.''' ,'''We have a crisis in nuclear weapons, and again, thanks very much to the Democrats: Bill Clinton, who removed us from the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty framework for nuclear disarmament, and then Barack Obama, who created a trillion-dollar budget for us to spend on a new generation of nuclear weapons and modes of delivery.''' ,'''We saw Jesse Jackson the victim of a smear campaign. People remember the Dean scream that was used against Howard Dean as a peace candidate who was doing well. So, in many ways, the Democratic Party creates campaigns that fake Left while it moves Right and becomes more corporatist, more militarist, more imperialist.''' ,'''People have been savaged by a predatory economic and political system, and some are turning to Trump. Unfortunately, Trump is just more of the same.''' ,'''I'm asked all the time if there could be a Bernie Sanders collaboration, and my answer to that has always been yes. The Green Party has long sought to establish a collaboration with Bernie Sanders.''' ,'''Such a thing as ending unemployment would never occur to Washington politicians because their corporate backers depend on the threat of unemployment to keep wages down.''' ,'''Hillary Clinton is the problem; she is not the solution to Donald Trump. We are the solution. We are the ones we've been waiting for. This is our moment. Together, we do have the power to create an America and a world that works for all of us.''' ,'''Our top plank really is a Green New Deal to transform our economy to a green economy, 100 percent wind, water and sun by the year 2030 - we can do it; this is an emergency, and we must do it - but to use that as an opportunity to put America back to work, to renew our infrastructure, and to basically assure that everyone has a job.''' ,'''Everybody is entitled to solid living wages, which we don't hear from Hillary Clinton. She's quick to talk about parity, but parity at poverty, and that's not adequate.''' ,'''We need an attitude of defiance, not an attitude of cowardice. Out in the street, that's how we are winning against the TransCanada Pipeline. This is how we have delayed the Trans-Pacific Partnership and forced it into an election season, gotten everybody to stand against it. Democracy is not about surrender.''' ,'''If you can't put your values into your vote, we don't have a democracy.''' ,'''Certainly I have more in common with Bernie Sanders than differences. I think if you had to look for differences, you would find them in foreign policy, where my campaign is perhaps more critical - I would say definitely more critical - of funding for regimes like that of the Netanyahu government, which are clearly war criminals.''' ,'''I'd say putting another Clinton in the White House is only going to make that right-wing extremism greater. We will see more of these neoliberal policies, like Wall Street deregulation, like the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which Hillary has always supported. She's changed her tune a little bit, but Hillary has walked the walk.''' ,'''We can, and must, shift to an economy in which 100% of our electricity is generated renewably.''' ,'''There's a very long and consistent track record on the part of Hillary Clinton, and it's not been favorable to women, to children, to the cause of peace, justice, and a sustainable climate.''' ,'''In war, there is hardly a more horrifying example of the head-long plunge into reckless militarism than what Hillary Clinton led the way on in Libya.''' ,'''I don't have a vested interest in a particular political career or a particular political office. My job is to do everything that I can to create an America and a world that we can live in and that we can survive in.''' ,'''Forward movement is a good thing, but I always include that it's not enough, and we have to have a base where we can truly build. That cannot be done inside of the corporate, establishment political parties.''' ,'''Silence is not what democracy needs. Right now we have an election where, even the supporters of Hillary Clinton, the majority don't support Hillary; they just oppose Donald Trump. And the majority of Donald Trump supporters don't support him; they just oppose Hillary.''' ,]
+++