+++
author = "Robert Greene"
title = "Robert Greene Quotes"
quotes_len = "104"
description = "the best 104 Robert Greene Quotes"
keywords = "robert greene,robert greene quotes,robert greene quote,robert greene sayings,robert greene saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Even as a child, Muhammad Ali got perverse pleasure out of being different. He liked the attention it got him, but most of all he just liked being himself: odd and independent.''' ,'''Many people have an intense feeling about what they're best at. Too often, they're driven away from it by other people.''' ,'''Understand: any phenomenon in the world is by nature complex. The people you deal with are equally complex. Any action sets off a limitless chain of reactions. It is never so simple as A leads to B. B will lead to C, D and beyond.''' ,'''Create a ladder of values and priorities in your life, reminding yourself of what really matters to you.''' ,'''Plumbers can be masters, the guy who did my patio is a master, some people are masters at raising really great children.''' ,'''The world is full of people with different characters and temperaments. We all have a dark side, a tendency to manipulate, and aggressive desires. The most dangerous types are those who repress their desires or deny the existence of them, often acting them out in the most underhanded ways.''' ,'''On a career level, I always advise people to look ahead and be open to changes in direction. That job that seems so good now can easily turn into a nightmare if you do not see the possible corners it can land you in.''' ,'''The authority you establish must emerge naturally from your character, from the particular strengths you possess.''' ,'''We do not see people as they are, but as they appear to us. And these appearances are usually misleading.''' ,'''To Sun-tzu and the ancient Chinese, doing something extraordinary had little effect without a setup of something ordinary. You had to mix the two - to fix your opponent's expectations with some banal, ordinary maneuver, a comfortable pattern that they would then expect you to follow.''' ,'''I went to an extreme for literary purposes because I felt all the self-help books out there were so gooey and Pollyanna-ish and nauseating. It was making me angry.''' ,'''To hold an idea and convince ourselves we arrived at it rationally, we go in search of evidence to support our view.''' ,'''If you want to be a good strategist, you can never just go off a principle you read in a book. You need to adapt what you do to the situation; no rule of thumb is true all the time.''' ,'''Stupidity and human incompetence are the great evils, not ambition and glory.''' ,'''We humans are self-absorbed by nature, and spend most of our time focusing inwardly on our emotions, on our wounds, on our fantasies.''' ,'''Understand: as children and young adults, we are taught to conform to certain codes of behavior and ways of doing things. We learn that being different comes with a social price.''' ,'''Power works best when it is indirect - never coercing people; instead, getting them to voluntarily align with your interests.''' ,'''If a person is successful, we imagine they are probably also ethical, conscientious and deserving of their good fortune. This obscures the fact that many people who get ahead have done so by doing less than moral actions, which they cleverly disguise from view.''' ,'''Your energy, your spirit are important considerations. Feeling petty and frustrated can have reverberating consequences for your ability to think strategically and reach your goals.''' ,'''Evil or manipulative people don't need a book, they just do it anyway.''' ,'''When you get angry, your options narrow.''' ,'''A child wants things to be a certain way. When you get to be an adult, you just understand that some people are good, some are not, and you can't be naive.''' ,'''Passive aggressors who are adept at this will have trained themselves to remain calm, while you get irritated and emotional.''' ,'''If you change and adapt your persona, you are seen as inauthentic; if you stay the angry young man, you fade from attention or seem tiresome.''' ,'''I was a little worried that young people would think the only game was being political and manipulative when really the bigger game is being so good at what you do that nobody can argue with your results.''' ,'''If you're in business or politics, you need to have an intense understanding of what's going on around you.''' ,'''Ethics and power are separate.''' ,'''Over the years I've met quite a few big rappers. Then it exploded with 50 Cent, and I did a book with him. It's always a strange meeting of two worlds, it's very exciting.''' ,'''Remind yourself that winning an argument or proving your point really gets you nowhere in the long run. Win through your actions, not your words.''' ,'''Keep people off-balance and in the dark by never revealing the purpose behind your actions. If they have no clue what you are up to, they cannot prepare a defense.''' ,'''Waste brings woe, and sorrow hates despair.''' ,'''It was 1996 and I was at a crossroads in my career. I had been working in Hollywood as a writer and was very unhappy. I had pitched an idea for a book some six months earlier, and the book packager, Joost Elffers, wanted me to write up a treatment for it.''' ,'''A master performer like Bill Clinton never lost sight of the fact that as president he had to project confidence and power, but if he was speaking to a group of autoworkers he would adjust his accent and his words to fit the audience, and do the same for a group of executives.''' ,'''Every couple of years when your book comes out then you have to go into these fights with the publisher and the publicist and then maybe I bring sort of my knowledge of power into play.''' ,'''I'd done a lot of research in Hollywood and in academia. I love research and so I wanted to kind of ground the book in history, in things that I read that were universal and timeless and then kind of let my own experiences sort of filter through all of this history.''' ,'''Smooth functioning of social life has always depended on the recognition of certain basic limits to behavior. We cannot simply say or do anything we wish, or offend people, without paying consequences - isolation, ostracism, etc.''' ,'''I remember I was flying home to Los Angeles one day. I was talking to the woman next to me and the flight attendant tried to tell me I was sitting next to somebody that I should know. I didn't recognize her but it ended up being Beyonce's sister, Solange Knowles.''' ,'''Power is a complicated word and can take many forms.''' ,'''If a subject excites us, if it stirs our deepest curiosity, or if we have to learn because the stakes are high, we pay much more attention. What we absorb sinks in.''' ,'''I've always loved black culture; I don't know any other way to put it. Since I was a kid I loved music and early jazz, Sly and the Family Stone. I'm older - I'm in my early 50s - so you'll have to excuse me. That was always very exciting to me to connect to the culture on that level.''' ,'''Few are drawn to the person whom others avoid and neglect; people gather around those who have already attracted interest.''' ,'''The passive aggressive arguer comes armed with tricky tactics. They cannot take the risk that they might be wrong: their self-esteem is too intertwined with their opinions. It is more important to affirm their rightness, and sense of superiority, than to arrive at the truth.''' ,'''The things that transfixed you as a child, that you found most exciting was not a passing fancy, but a message about what you're supposed to do.''' ,'''You must keep raising this game to higher and higher levels, as on the pool table - mastering eventually the psychological angles. Your playing is a pleasure, all the way to the end, to death, when the game is over.''' ,'''As social animals, we are extremely susceptible to the moods of other people. This gives us the power to subtly infuse into people the appropriate mood for influencing them.''' ,'''In the world today many people rightfully feel entitled to have success and the good things in life, but they usually understand it will require sacrifice and hard work.''' ,'''When I say 'Crush your enemy', I don't literally mean it.''' ,'''With colleagues in the work environment, we fail to see the source of their envy or the reason for their manipulations; our attempts at influencing them are based on the assumptions that they want the same things as ourselves.''' ,'''We humans for millions of years were nomadic. We associated freedom and well-being with the ability to move into open spaces, to find places more suited to hunting.''' ,'''I know My God commands, whose power no power resists.''' ,'''Once people are aware of your presence, and perhaps vaguely intrigued, you need to stir their interest before it settles on someone else.''' ,'''People expect your behavior to conform to known patterns and conventions. Your task as a strategist is to upset their expectations.''' ,'''The wisest hustler can suddenly fall for the worst tramp and lose all of his money on her. The hustler is aware of his own weaknesses and openings to con. This awareness is his edge.''' ,'''Female psychotic bosses can be particularly devilish. They will tend to mix in a lot of passive aggression, making you feel guilty for all kinds of things.''' ,'''Most of us enter adult life with great ambitions for how we will start our own ventures, but the harshness of life wears us down. We settle into some job and slowly give in to the illusion that our bosses care about us and our future, that they spend time thinking of our welfare.''' ,'''In the world today, we humans have become more self-absorbed, more tribal and tenacious in holding on to our narrow agendas; we have become consumed by the barrage of information inundating us; we are even more fickle when it comes to leaders.''' ,'''When you are trying to impress people with words, the more you say, the more common you appear, and the less in control. Even if you are saying something banal, it will seem original if you make it vague, open-ended, and sphinxlike.''' ,'''Pool, it became clear to me, is all about angles. First, there are simple angles, as you must hit the cue ball to either side when you are not straight on.''' ,'''Consciously or unconsciously most of us adhere to what is expected of our role because we realize our social success depends on this. Some may refuse to play this game, but in the end they are marginalized and forced to play the outsider role, with limited options and decreasing freedom as they get older.''' ,'''Be extra careful in the work environment with those who like to maintain their position through charm and being political, rather than getting things done. They are very prone to envying and hating those who work hard and get results. They will slander and sabotage you without any warning.''' ,'''I'm not who people expect me to be. I'm not Henry Kissinger.''' ,'''An elusive, enigmatic aura will make people want to know more, drawing them into your circle. Create such a power by hinting at something contradictory within you.''' ,'''As social animals we humans are very sensitive to our rank and position within any group. We can measure our status by the attention and respect we receive.''' ,'''Ambition has become a dirty word, and I believe it is a great evolutionary force for the positive. If people fail or go astray in their ambition I can live with it but not with people lowering their expectations, wasting time, slacking off and glorifying failure and stupidity.''' ,'''Everybody, to some extent, manipulates. Even children learn to cry when they want something. There are all kinds of subtle things we do to get others to follow our lead, not bother us, and so on.''' ,'''In any court-like environment of power, you will inevitably find people who are drawn to those who are successful or powerful, not out of admiration, but out of secret envy.''' ,'''To not follow your passion in life is a recipe for failure and unhappiness.''' ,'''Often people become our friend or follower with an undercurrent of resentment in our having more success than they have. They secretly desire the opportunity to take us down a notch; they have a nose for any misstep on our part they can exploit.''' ,'''Transforming yourself into a deep listener will not only prove more amusing as you open your mind to their mind, but you will gain the most invaluable lessons about human psychology.''' ,'''Humans cannot avoid trying to influence others. Everything we say or do is examined and interpreted by others for clues as to our intentions.''' ,'''I find with most of my readers are kind of like me, sort of people who were a little bit naive in life and then learned the hard way that this is what's going on, the political games and most of my readers write to me telling me that the book helped them open their eyes to what other people are doing to them.''' ,'''The moment people feel they know what to expect from you, your spell on them is broken. More: You have ceded them power.''' ,'''What matters in the Sun-tzu universe are not positions of strength and power, but situations in which you have options, full of potential force.''' ,'''Mastery, I learned, was not something genetic, or for a lucky few. It is something we can all attain if get rid of some misconceptions and gain clarity as to the required path.''' ,'''What happens if you stick at something long enough, and study it for so long, you have a different kind of intelligence. It's not an intellectual thing. It's almost like an animal intelligence. I call it our form of instinct, almost how a lion knows exactly where its prey is.''' ,'''I had noticed that many of these successful people, historical and contemporary, shared certain common traits. They had a way of thinking that was exceptionally fluid; they could adapt to almost any circumstance; when confronted with problems, they could look at them from novel perspectives and solve them.''' ,'''Reputation is the cornerstone of power. Through reputation alone you can intimidate and win; once it slips, however, you are vulnerable, and will be attacked on all sides. Make your reputation unassailable.''' ,'''The Nihilistic Troll might pretend to be acting in the service of some cause or leader, but don't be fooled. The cause and their supposedly strong convictions are simply a way to justify and provide cover for their abusive behavior.''' ,'''Why regret anything? Where does it get you to regret anything you've ever done in your life? It gets you nowhere. It's a pathetic emotion that you can wallow in.''' ,'''The great thing about America is that you can come from the worst circumstances and become something remarkable.''' ,'''When I was researching my book 'The 33 Strategies of War', I studied Napoleon extensively and I found myself wanting to ask Napoleon questions about things he did, and if was I interpreting his actions correctly.''' ,'''Remember: your bosses prefer to keep you in dependent positions. It is in their interest that you do not become self-reliant, and so they will tend to hoard information. You must secretly work against this and seize this information for yourself.''' ,'''Let me spell it out: with the psychotic boss, nothing you do is ever quite right. They set traps, asking you to do things, and no matter how hard you think of accomplishing it in their way, it is wrong and you are to blame. This tends to instill a lot of fear in you.''' ,'''Remember that the essence of authority is that people willingly follow your lead.''' ,'''For as one star another far exceeds, So souls in heaven are placed by their deeds.''' ,'''We are often raised as dependents then given over to teachers. It's experience and exploration that can transform us and lead to mastery.''' ,'''I don't want to throw mud at anyone - I really admire Gandhi as a brilliant strategist - but Gandhi was pretty manipulative, you know.''' ,'''Compared to other animals, we humans enter the world remarkably weak and helpless. We remain relatively weak for many years before we can truly operate on our own.''' ,'''We are often attracted to the wrong things, whether it be money, fame, or approval.''' ,'''Everyone assumes I practise all of my own laws but I don't. I think anybody who did would be a horrible ugly person to be around.''' ,'''People have more freedom to bring more of their personal qualities into the role they play once they have established themselves and their competence is no longer in question. But this is always within limits.''' ,'''Weak character will neutralize all of the other possible good qualities a person might possess.''' ,'''Though men determine, the gods doo dispose: and oft times many things fall out betweene the cup and the lip.''' ,'''A person who is truly authentic doesn't need to play a role in life, we think, but can simply be him - or herself.''' ,'''In the normal flow of a conversation, our attention is divided. We hear parts of what other people are saying, in order to follow and keep the conversation going. At the same time, we're planning what we'll say next, some exciting story of our own.''' ,'''Always make those above you feel comfortably superior. In your desire to please or impress them, do not go too far in displaying your talents or you might accomplish the opposite - inspire fear and insecurity.''' ,'''To me, my house is always recreating what I lost in youth.''' ,'''Always remember that your calmness under fire is your best defense in any argument or discussion.''' ,'''While still working for others, your goal at some point must be to carve out little areas that you can operate on your own, cultivating entrepreneurial skills.''' ,'''I don't follow all the 48 laws. Like, I've never crushed anyone totally.''' ,'''Your life must be a progression towards ownership - first mentally of your independence, and then physically of your work, owning what you produce.''' ,'''Emotions are continually affecting our thought processes and decisions, below the level of our awareness. And the most common emotion of them all is the desire for pleasure and the avoidance of pain.''' ,'''A hustler has to deal with danger and risk. It's part of the game. You cannot control it all, nor would you want to. Chaos, unknown factors are not something to be anxious about.''' ,'''Power is the measure of the degree of control you have over circumstances in your life and the actions of the people around you. It is a skill that is developed by a deep understanding of human nature, of what truly motivates people, and of the manipulations necessary for advancement and protection.''' ,]
+++