+++
author = "Rodney Frelinghuysen"
title = "Rodney Frelinghuysen Quotes"
quotes_len = "75"
description = "the best 75 Rodney Frelinghuysen Quotes"
keywords = "rodney frelinghuysen,rodney frelinghuysen quotes,rodney frelinghuysen quote,rodney frelinghuysen sayings,rodney frelinghuysen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Part of my job is to make sure the Northeast is part of our defense industrial base, and New Jersey has always played a role.''' ,'''New Jersey makes important contributions to the space program. We want to make sure it just doesn't happen in Houston.''' ,'''If people are shooting at you, it's human nature to be afraid. I was afraid. I'll be quite blunt about that.''' ,'''I'm pleased about representing any portion of Montclair.''' ,'''To me, the New Jersey law enforcement community, and many other Americans, one of the biggest impediments to improved relations between the United States and Cuba is the continued safe haven provided to the fugitive, Joanne Chesimard.''' ,'''It is now clear that the president violated both his oath of office and the oath he took to tell the truth. In doing so, Bill Clinton not only committed perjury, he violated the public trust.''' ,'''Veterans are a symbol of what makes our nation great, and we must never forget all they have done to ensure our freedom.''' ,'''This corridor is important to national security and important to the whole Northeast. So it's not just our own New Jersey transportation needs: it's the whole rail corridor here we're talking about.''' ,'''I had never had a particularly warm feeling about Richard Nixon, and it didn't get any warmer after my service.''' ,'''You don't want to upset the people from California. They can outvote you.''' ,'''I now sit at the table in a variety of ways with the House leadership... as we go through taking a look at threat assessments and hot spots around the world. It's a national position, but certainly I don't forget that New Jersey has a critical part of national defense.''' ,'''Let me make it clear: I support health care reform. I just don't support Nancy Pelosi's version.''' ,'''The primary reason that I'd be here or that Don Payne Jr. would be here is for you to know that members of Congress actually exist and are human.''' ,'''To keep providing our soldiers, sailors and Marines with 21st-century firepower, Picatinny needs 21st-century laboratories and research and development facilities.''' ,'''I've been at every American Legion and VFW post in my district.''' ,'''We were the group that built the roads by day that the Vietcong traveled at night.''' ,'''Whatever solutions there are for flood control need to be bipartisan.''' ,'''We need the cooperation of the Pakistanis. If we don't have any, we lose insight into the actions of those who would do our country harm.''' ,'''My appropriations requests have always sought to benefit New Jersey. That is how I base my submissions to the committee for consideration.''' ,'''I think it's important Republicans be in the majority so, like my Democratic counterparts, I give to the party.''' ,'''My first responsibility is to be selfish for New Jersey.''' ,'''I sent my personal check to the Planned Parenthood of Northern New Jersey. My wife and I do every year.''' ,'''I'm fiscally conservative but socially moderate. A moderate Republican - there just aren't many of us left.''' ,'''There have been some management issues with Amtrak, but I think they have cleaned up their act.''' ,'''I'm a member of the American legion and VFW, patron member of the Jewish War Veterans.''' ,'''We as taxpayers have put in well over $12 to $15 billion of investment in a repository for high-level nuclear waste... if we're ever to recoup that investment in the future... then we're going to need some money to reopen Yucca Mountain.''' ,'''When the USS New Jersey is commissioned, it will be a source of pride for everyone in our state for decades.''' ,'''I think there is a direct correlation between interest shown by a member of Congress on these projects and the progress that is made. I think it gives the Superfund effort some credibility, lets citizens know we are serious about these cleanups.''' ,'''It is important for me to personally visit Superfund sites to assess the progress being made.''' ,'''When you have 435 people who are opinionated... sometimes agreeing on things is difficult.''' ,'''I do support and believe in the Second Amendment. But I do think we need more background checks rather than less.''' ,'''Certainly I support the Constitution, and I respect people's privacy, but I also think we need to err on the side of protecting us.''' ,'''I don't view myself as marching to any right-wing drummer.''' ,'''My approach to public service is straightforward: I fight every day for New Jersey families, small businesses, veterans, and seniors and work to change the way business is done in Washington.''' ,'''The Keystone pipeline is one of those things that's sort of a political driver. And mostly, the Republicans use it to sort of embarrass the president and embarrass quite a few Democrats who feel that there's a potential for an environmental disaster.''' ,'''Research and development activities to support Yucca are permitted. This will ensure that we keep Congress in the driver's seat for nuclear waste policy.''' ,'''I go to a lot of events morning, noon and night when I'm not in Washington.''' ,'''The focus is on the Middle East, so there are a lot of eyes on the battlefield. But there are other things that are happening around the world, in Northern Africa, things happen in the Southern Hemisphere and in Central and South America.''' ,'''I've known him for years, and I am supporting Chris Christie for president. Whether he will, in the final analysis, be the president, I don't know.''' ,'''Syria is a problem, but Iran is a bigger problem.''' ,'''People do stupid things... words are important.''' ,'''Seven months after Hurricane Sandy, New Jersey residents and business are continuing the hard work of recovery.''' ,'''If one committee controlled your entire budget, I think you might make some effort to build up personal relationships. I think it is a no-brainer.''' ,'''Diminishing violence is a goal everyone can support, and I look forward to participating in the debate when specific proposals come before the House.''' ,'''It is important to give commuters greater, more reliable mass transit options and... great potential to get cars off of I-80 and eliminate other daily traffic jams in northern New Jersey.''' ,'''There's been nobody who stays in more communication and listens to veterans more than I do.''' ,'''Basic training is horrible. It's dirty, and it's ugly. But you learn it's not just about you. It makes you part of a team, which helps you to survive.''' ,'''When the federal government gets around to cleaning up their lists, I am sure we'll take another look at the Lowey amendment. But until then, this effort will continue to have bipartisan opposition.''' ,'''I have been pleased to receive petitions from groups that seek a range of new gun control measures and groups and individuals who believe additional laws are unnecessary or unwise.''' ,'''I hate the sequester. I hate it.''' ,'''We want to make sure the military gets it right and understands that if they're going to have less money, they're going to have to spend it a lot more smartly.''' ,'''I personally feel all guns ought to be registered.''' ,'''I don't apologize for looking after New Jersey's interests. That's an obligation that I'll always keep.''' ,'''We need to keep an eye on influences from the Middle East or, let's say, indigenous groups, that might be involved in terrorism.''' ,'''A lot of New Jerseyans... have been very supportive of me.''' ,'''I think fundraising has a lot to do with political viability.''' ,'''Here's the problem: the so-called 'millionaire surtax' is a permanent tax to pay for a temporary benefit.''' ,'''I'm a fiscal conservative. That's how I define myself.''' ,'''I still support Planned Parenthood personally because they do a good job providing health care for women, have for generations in my congressional district.''' ,'''The United States is stepping up to lead the international response to the Ebola outbreak, and Congress will ensure that the president's request is fully and quickly funded.''' ,'''New Jersey has more Superfund sites than other state in the nation, but considerable progress has been made.''' ,'''I don't think we need a Washington-imposed solution.''' ,'''I have supported the equal rights amendment since I was a freeholder. You won't find many people who can say that. I'm very proud of it.''' ,'''I can remember when President Nixon basically said, 'All troops have been withdrawn from the delta.' And I said, 'Wait, I'm still here.'''' ,'''I operate on the assumption that as a member of Congress, presently, I represent everybody - Republicans, Democrats, independents and, yes, some people who don't care to participate.''' ,'''I'm very respectful of people's views. I know that they're deeply held, and I'd like to hope that people are respectful of my deeply held views.''' ,'''Federal support for Morristown National Historic Park and the inclusion of additional lands present a unique opportunity for our government to express its commitment to preserving our past. Failing to do so may allow these historically important lands to go unprotected.''' ,'''Democrats get credit for money coming into the state, but I do a lot of heavy lifting.''' ,'''I don't want the United States to be Athens on the Potomac.''' ,'''Our nation has invested millions of dollars in building safe, humane and, I may say, air-conditioned facilities to detain and prosecute the detainees at Guantanamo.''' ,'''Some residents, I suspect, may be politically motivated in suggesting that having two members of Congress lessens Montclair's clout. Quite to the contrary. I think it increases Montclair's visibility - as a matter of fact, Essex County's visibility.''' ,'''My father could never remember anybody's name.''' ,'''I know we don't need automatic weapons, but the question may boil down to what is an automatic weapon.''' ,'''Since the littoral combat ship plays a vital role, we want to make sure we're buying the correct version.''' ,'''The House has repeatedly had overwhelming votes in support of continuing the Yucca Mountain repository.''' ,]
+++