+++
author = "Ivan Moody"
title = "Ivan Moody Quotes"
quotes_len = "95"
description = "the best 95 Ivan Moody Quotes"
keywords = "ivan moody,ivan moody quotes,ivan moody quote,ivan moody sayings,ivan moody saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I meet these rock guys, these metal guys, and we are very real.''' ,'''You know, I mean, we're all made to wear these faces, you know, of what we think society would want.''' ,'''We're tired of band videos where all you see is musicians playing in some random church or out in a desert.''' ,'''Playing for the troops is always an honor and seriously humbling.''' ,'''Media, politics, women, family, friends, good relationships, bad relationships, all inspire me.''' ,'''It's taken a lot for me to understand that the position I'm in is meant to benefit other people.''' ,'''Yeah, it's kind of tongue-in-cheek. You know, Five Finger Death Punch doing 'Mama Said Knock You Out.' It was just really funny for us.''' ,'''I don't want to tell people what to think.''' ,'''I learned what it was like to not battle myself anymore, which is really difficult to admit, because at the end of the day - and I'm sure anyone can agree with this - you're your own worst enemy.''' ,'''We've toured with so many bands, and we've noticed that there are a few of them... Metallica, Rammstein, Tool - those aren't bands, those are events.''' ,'''When I decided to get sober, there were a lot of chemical imbalances that came along with that, physically as well as mentally.''' ,'''I'm a huge Ray Lewis fan and Ravens fan in general.''' ,'''There's a sense of family in Colorado; there's such a pride factor there.''' ,'''You know, we love what we do, man, and I don't want to be one of those bands that we write an album, tour for two years and then take a year and a half off.''' ,'''When somebody's telling you you're godly and you saved their life, and this and that and the other, I'm going, 'Well, who's saving mine?'''' ,'''My sobriety is a huge deal.''' ,'''Something I will point out to everybody in the world, and I am not afraid to say it: these rap guys about as hard as soft butter. That's all there is to it.''' ,'''It's so good to be alive, man.''' ,'''The great thing about being a musician today is that you can explore your creativity in multiple ways without compromising your primary focus.''' ,'''For me, I feed off everything, from bad politics to religion to relationships - I mean, just life in general. And, yeah, I'm not necessarily happy with the state of things. And I think that I get to use music as a release.''' ,'''It hurts, man. When I watch people I love so much just deteriorate in front of me and I can't do anything about it.''' ,'''I would not change my career to be a pro athlete. A team could trade me and my band cannot!''' ,'''When you put everything you have into making music, both on and off the stage, it can be very frustrating when the music you work so hard to create is not allowed to see the light of day.''' ,'''Oh my God - if you wanna look up to somebody in this industry, start with Korn. That's my opinion.''' ,'''There are things that certain people aren't supposed to talk about and they're supposed to keep sheltered and go to psychologists and they try to figure them out on their own. But at the end of the day, we're all human.''' ,'''Most of us weren't born with a silver spoon in our mouth, but if life dealt you all the wrong cards, you still have to play.''' ,'''My god, 'Vulgar Display Of Power' is still one of the greatest albums ever.''' ,'''My father and mother listened to oldies, from be-bop and swing music to - I hate to admit it, but - Barry Manilow, Fleetwood Mac and the Moody Blues.''' ,'''If you dwell on yesterday, man, you're never gonna see tomorrow clearly.''' ,'''My own bandmembers wouldn't return my calls and I lost multiple tour managers, crew members. I can't tell you how many friends stopped talking to me.''' ,'''Pantera is one of our biggest influences, as it should be for anyone who listens to rock 'n' roll.''' ,'''No, I don't spend a lot of time in the studio, man. I truly don't. I'll be in there when I have to. I hate the containment, I can't stand the schedule crap.''' ,'''I've got beautiful children.''' ,'''I was raised in Denver with the Nuggets.''' ,'''I'm the biggest NBA fan you will meet in your life.''' ,'''We absolutely thrive on the live setting. Even when we're in the studio, we make sure the songs we create are something we can do live passionately.''' ,'''I've always been in basketball. If you need a PG I'm your man.''' ,'''When you hit the Midwest... it's just some passion - I don't know if it's in the water or what it is - but it's just embedded in these kids.''' ,'''Hard rock I got into around twelve or thirteen. My uncle introduced me to Scorpions, Great White and everything rock. From there, I expanded out, and I listened to Nuclear Assault, Exodus, Megadeth, King Diamond and Misfits, of course.''' ,'''I get a new CD, and it takes me a month just to get into the entire thing, where I start getting acclimated to it, so to speak.''' ,'''First and foremost, just to work alongside an icon like Rob Halford, the Metal God, was absolutely surreal.''' ,'''Well, for me, I was always attracted to frontmen - or artists in general - that were really passionate about what they did.''' ,'''I just wish people understood better that I, too, am human.''' ,'''I've just always been really - we'll call it tight-pocketed.''' ,'''One of my first concerts ever was seeing Jethro Tull at Fiddler's Green, when I was twelve.''' ,'''Our fans understand us because of who we are.''' ,'''I truly believe heavy metal has gone south. Too many people are focusing on, will the songs be on the radio, will the shirt be in Hot Topic?''' ,'''We are absolutely going to do an acoustic tour. We are, sincerely.''' ,'''Music for me was always life changing. So if I'm putting out crap music, then I have not done what I came to accomplish.''' ,'''There were patterns in my family that had to be broken, and I refused to live my life the way certain members of my family had.''' ,'''I just got to a point where I was lying to myself constantly, so I had to face up to that. It was a lot of... I don't want to use the words 'self sacrifice,' but that's what it felt like. It was giving up who I thought I was and starting over from scratch and realizing the man that I am was good enough.''' ,'''The Ghost Machine album was actually written when I was going through spiritual depression, as that was written right after Motograter and just prior to Five Finger Death Punch.''' ,'''My job consists of getting on stage and tearing my chest open and letting people into parts of my life that I would prefer to keep to myself. But I also think that's what connects me with a lot of our fans.''' ,'''I've never really been a social butterfly, so to speak.''' ,'''I've always been into creative writing.''' ,'''I use throat sprays on stage, but most of the throat sprays I was using had alcohol or other carcinogens in them, stuff I wanted to keep away from myself. So I started making a recipe for my own throat spray that was more of a natural approach to everything.''' ,'''Everything that I sing about, especially songs like 'Far From Home' and 'The Bleeding,' I really put 110 percent of myself into it, so it's difficult.''' ,'''I've got nice cars.''' ,'''Rob Halford is the person that I called a lot of the time when I was in recovery.''' ,'''I always make fun of Kanye West.''' ,'''I've never played instruments. I've always been a singer or a writer, for that matter. But I started playing in bands when I was sixteen years old.''' ,'''I just didn't want my legacy to be that of a few others that I don't even have to name, where I was controlled by a substance, or a liquid for that matter. My life is too precious to me.''' ,'''We love metal.''' ,'''We are a people's band.''' ,'''I'm taking care of my mother; I set her up.''' ,'''Bands like Metallica never sat around and said, 'We're speed metal,' or 'We're thrash metal.' If it feels good at the end of the day, to me, that's metal.''' ,'''You get to a point where you start realizing that what you've done is amazing and you're proud of it, but there's so much more to accomplish. So many projects get to a certain level and they become content, and that's all that they ever expected or wanted.''' ,'''I want people to hear my lyrics and my melodies and say, 'That dude's in pain.'''' ,'''Vinnie Paul was a very close friend of mine - he's gone.''' ,'''The Way Of The Fist' is not quite a Shakespearian depiction of anger and revenge. This song was more my way of releasing all the pent up aggression I felt against some people who wronged me beyond the point of any kind of forgiveness or mercy.''' ,'''Myself, I usually wait until I get home to write. While we're touring, I try to stay as focused as possible on the moment at hand because I feel like I'll be robbing the fans if I don't.''' ,'''I don't know where these rap guys get off trying to act so hard.''' ,'''My kids are everything to me and I never got to see 'em - I missed tons of moments and years.''' ,'''I first heard Pantera after getting out of a detention center as a kid.''' ,'''My mother raised me right - everything from Fleetwood Mac and the Doors to Pink Floyd and so on and so forth.''' ,'''I don't think there will ever be a band that compares to Pantera. In my book, they are the icon metal band of all time. Their catalog speaks for itself.''' ,'''Growing up as a kid, I took creative writing classes, and I was always into poetry.''' ,'''I'm a blue-collar kid from Colorado. I grew up on a farm.''' ,'''I've never done what anybody told me to.''' ,'''You go check out someone like Rammstein, man, and it changes your life.''' ,'''I don't understand why some people get access to the universe and other people feel like they're meant to just be stagnant and fail.''' ,'''For me, I grew up on old-school rock 'n' roll.''' ,'''I just try to keep myself positive and really active.''' ,'''Some days I work out, some days I walk around the city. I don't know... It just depends on the mood, really.''' ,'''There were millions of people who could've given up on me at any given moment, and they didn't, and so that, to me, it's the world and more.''' ,'''I was a huge David Robinson fan.''' ,'''Anyone in recovery knows that isolation is the biggest enemy.''' ,'''Every wish, every dream, every idea comes to existence only through blood, sweat and sacrifice.''' ,'''I've always liked underdogs who started out not so iconic but then really took off.''' ,'''Everyone who knows me or has heard rumors or stories or whatever knows that I have a tendency to lose it every now and then. I've never been shy about it either.''' ,'''I truly love the Slipknot guys.''' ,'''Everybody has to evolve.''' ,'''We've got the most loyal fans on earth and probably the most craziest fans I've seen since the Pantera days.''' ,'''It's really sad sometimes that you have to go to that extreme bottom to find your way back up, but it's true.''' ,'''We've never tried to be anybody else but Five Finger Death Punch.''' ,]
+++