+++
author = "Denise Richards"
title = "Denise Richards Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Denise Richards Quotes"
keywords = "denise richards,denise richards quotes,denise richards quote,denise richards sayings,denise richards saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Yeah, some kids called me fish lips because I had these really full lips. Now I'm sure all those same girls are getting collagen injections, so I'm having the last laugh.''' ,'''It's just keeping what I want private, private, and the same with Charlie.''' ,'''Everyone wants to pluck eyebrows. I thinned them out real thin once and it just didn't look like me.''' ,'''Heather knows why and when her marriage ended with Richie and she knows why my marriage ended with Charlie.''' ,'''The Internet's been so great, and it's so nice to have fans do nice, elaborate websites, but I think the downside is some of the things... for real fans to go on and see that 90 percent of the information isn't true or to see pictures that aren't really me.''' ,'''I thinned them out real thin once and it just didn't look like me. I know it was in style to have really thin eyebrows, but it didn't look right on my face.''' ,'''There are always two or three or four sides to every story.''' ,'''Every photo shoot, I'm always asking the makeup artist what they're using on me, and I'll go out and get it.''' ,'''But I always curl my lashes, even if I don't put on mascara. I'll also put on a lip gloss or lip balm. And I always brush my eyebrows. I have very thick eyebrows - I'm just now starting to thin them out a bit.''' ,'''Being a teenager, I would think they were real strict, and I would get upset, but I'm glad they were like that. They didn't let us do whatever we wanted. We weren't allowed to date until we were, like, juniors in high school.''' ,'''During the day I don't wear much makeup.''' ,'''I like to be at home because I just travel so much. I have four dogs, golden retrievers.''' ,'''She was a Bond girl; she couldn't have been in nerdy.''' ,'''Doing love scenes is always awkward. I mean, it's just not a normal thing to go to work and lay in bed with your co-worker.''' ,'''A date once leaned in to kiss me, and he ended up kissing my cheek. He was a little offended, but I didn't want to kiss him just to not hurt his feelings.''' ,'''I don't know what the big issue is about a kiss with Neve Campbell in Wild Things. It's a role, and I think a bigger issue is made out of it. It was a part I took and it's what the character did, so I did it.''' ,'''A good margarita, a good red wine, I like expensive alcohol, but not a lot of it. I don't like to throw up.''' ,'''As a little girl I loved the thought of playing dress-up and getting ready.''' ,]
+++