+++
author = "Victoria Azarenka"
title = "Victoria Azarenka Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Victoria Azarenka Quotes"
keywords = "victoria azarenka,victoria azarenka quotes,victoria azarenka quote,victoria azarenka sayings,victoria azarenka saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You know, I think I'm the worst player to talk to about statistics.''' ,'''I don't get that much of a chance to cook at home, but when I do, I really enjoy it.''' ,'''I don't drink alcohol. I only really drink water.''' ,'''I don't like my ego stroked too much.''' ,'''I like to go shopping, to the movies, all the girl stuff. Just a normal girl.''' ,'''There are so many steps you have to go through to reach a high level, so you're kind of building your own, I would say, mountain. You have to go piece by piece by piece. When you're young and really ambitious, you want to jump right up. It kind of teaches you a lesson, I would say.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an actress. I think that is something that I could be pretty good at.''' ,'''I was missing out on a lot of things that my friends were doing, but in another way, they were missing things I was doing. It was kind of a trade-off I had to make.''' ,'''I'm such a perfectionist. I want to do better and better.''' ,'''I don't consider myself as a great painter; I just feel that art is about expressing your emotions and expressing your feelings, and music is the same way; you can see what other people are going through.''' ,'''I have nothing to prove to anybody.''' ,'''I'm always honest.''' ,'''You cannot be in pretend for people to like you.''' ,'''I love rock music, dance music, so it depends on my mood. But I mainly listen to dance music before going out on court.''' ,'''I feel like when the task is more difficult for me it's more exciting.''' ,'''I think I've always been very good at taking advantage of the opportunities that have been given to me, because I didn't have many. Once I got one, I grabbed it with two hands.''' ,'''I just want to be able to show who I really am, what I can do, bring awareness, create something because I want to take tennis, women's tennis, into an even more exciting path because I believe we have a lot more things to offer.''' ,'''I always take things step by step and match by match.''' ,'''I want to be my son's superhero.''' ,'''I have learned how to better handle things as they come.''' ,'''I'm not a big fan of watching my matches.''' ,'''I love the game and I am so lucky to be able to do what I love.''' ,'''I don't really care how I sound.''' ,'''Tennis court, the results, yes, it gives me a feeling of accomplishment and knowing that all the work I put in is working. It's a great feeling. But happiness is something way bigger than tennis.''' ,'''I want to maximize my potential. And when I talk about that, don't get me wrong - I'm not talking about just making money.''' ,'''Somebody asked me at one stage, 'Are you depressed?' And I said, 'Are you kidding me? I'm not depressed.' But you know what? I was. I was, but I just didn't realize it, because all these things happen, and you just don't know how to deal with emotions.''' ,'''My grandmother is the person who inspires me the most.''' ,'''I have to feel OK with taking some time for myself, not feeling guilty that I don't spend my every free second with my son, which is sometimes tough.''' ,'''I want to have my son be proud of me. I want to give him a good example that if you have a goal, and you have a dream, you can achieve it if you work hard.''' ,'''Some people just look at opportunities and say, 'Maybe something better might come along; let's wait and see.' But you don't wait. You just grab it and go after it.''' ,'''I'll never be like a Barbie girl, that's for sure.''' ,'''I just want to have fun.''' ,'''I'm a sensitive person. I have a kind heart, you know, but I'm a fighter on the court and a competitor in life, so just to understand that and accept that can sometimes be really difficult.''' ,'''It's true that being in an individual sport, you have to be a little bit selfish.''' ,'''Compared to my physique before pregnancy, yes, I do feel different. I have worked really hard and changed a few things - not only my fitness regime but also my nutrition. When I think about it, being pregnant definitely helped my physique.''' ,'''Sports is a huge entertainment now, and we need to provide that entertainment for the fans because that's what they're looking for.''' ,'''Things are never perfect, so I never get too high about things, or get too down about things anymore.''' ,'''I love New York. It's one of my favorite cities.''' ,'''Deep down inside, I know I'm a very good person.''' ,'''When I see these kids 6 years old with a private coach, and at 7, they have a fitness coach, I'm like, 'Aw, come on.' At 12, it's for sure they will lose all the interest in tennis because they do not interact with other kids.''' ,'''I'm like a kid: I love dessert.''' ,'''I had to battle the doubts and fears for a while, but I committed to making sure that my strongest emotion was self-belief. Once I did that, I knew I would be OK.''' ,]
+++