+++
author = "Freddie Freeman"
title = "Freddie Freeman Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Freddie Freeman Quotes"
keywords = "freddie freeman,freddie freeman quotes,freddie freeman quote,freddie freeman sayings,freddie freeman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think this world needs a little more hugging in their lives.''' ,'''You're going to be friends with people longer than you're going to be teammates in this game.''' ,'''Usually, I can get the job done with guys in scoring position.''' ,'''Thrilling, thrilling to see yourself on a baseball card for the first time.''' ,'''I would like to be out there every day and be that one steady guy that everybody can lean on.''' ,'''I have one goal every single year, and that's to play every single game.''' ,'''Leading off an inning you never know, I could get a bunt base hit and start a rally.''' ,'''For me, feeling good is line drives to left field.''' ,'''I always like going to the West Coast. I don't know if it's a certain field, team, whatever it is, but I usually seem to do well here.''' ,'''When you come back on top after you've fallen, it's a better story.''' ,'''I want to represent Canada so I can represent my mother.''' ,'''I love coming home.''' ,'''Obviously, being a first baseman, you're kind of expected to hit some home runs. Obviously, that goes into your head; it gets into my head a little bit.''' ,'''Enjoy and have fun when you're a kid, because you are a kid.''' ,'''I'm one of those guys who loses weight during the season.''' ,'''It's just so much fun to relax and just play baseball for a living. It's a great time in my life. I'm never going to forget it, and it's very humbling.''' ,'''When I played Little League, I looked up to the big leaguers, too, and collected their baseball cards.''' ,'''There's nothing I can really do but keep going out there and swinging.''' ,'''Darren Erstad was special to watch when he moved from center field from first base.''' ,'''There are certain guys you just take from different teams that you watch.''' ,'''Sometimes, you can get too big when you feel too good.''' ,'''I'd like to finish my career as a Brave.''' ,'''I'm going to go out there and just keep trying to get better.''' ,'''Usually, my track record's pretty good with guys on base.''' ,'''They said if I could deal with the pain, I should play. So, I did, and for some reason, I started hitting. It was a weird thing. I don't know if it was because I couldn't do too much, and I was just trying to stay up through the middle and not hurt myself.''' ,'''I have a platform to be able to do something to help other people beat cancer.''' ,'''Coming in here and having fun with the guys, loving everyone, playing this game - it's a lot of fun.''' ,'''I've never been a guy that's consistently hit home runs. It's always seemed to come, like, three or four in a week or two, and then I'll shut it down for a couple of weeks.''' ,'''Just have fun, and just play hard, and just practice a lot.''' ,'''Just got to keep going out there and keep swinging. That's all I can really do. Getting work in, doing everything I can to get ready for the game.''' ,'''If I don't get hits, I don't get hits, but I'm trying to get hits.''' ,'''It's something I'd never wish anybody to have to go through, having a mother pass away at a young age. But it's made me realize that people need help.''' ,'''Growing up in California, I grew up a JT Snow fan.''' ,'''I stick to what got me here and what I know best. That's the same routine. I'm not going to vary it.''' ,'''In the past, my success has come with sticking to one plan. That usually works. Obviously it's going to falter, and I'm going to go into slumps here and there, but stick with the plan, and hopefully it will come out successful more times than not.''' ,'''You think about when you're kids and see these guys on TV, and now you're in the same clubhouse as Chipper Jones and Bobby Cox.''' ,'''You've just got to keep grinding, putting good ABs together; just stop trying to look at the record, your batting average. You've got to go out there and just keep playing.''' ,'''When you lose a mother or father, it's still the hardest time of your life.''' ,'''I grew up an Angels fan.''' ,'''You got to put the personal stuff away and see the business side of it.''' ,'''I think about my mom every day.''' ,'''I don't really watch video, but I see the replay; like when I do strike out, and I'm walking back to the dugout, I look up and see if they do show the replay of me swinging and missing.''' ,]
+++