+++
author = "Fantastic Negrito"
title = "Fantastic Negrito Quotes"
quotes_len = "79"
description = "the best 79 Fantastic Negrito Quotes"
keywords = "fantastic negrito,fantastic negrito quotes,fantastic negrito quote,fantastic negrito sayings,fantastic negrito saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was a youngster, I wrote all this music - it just came out of me - and I think record executives were like, 'Oh, wow, he's a genius, let's give him a million dollars!' But the minute I started producing the records, they'd be like, 'Oh, my God, you're terrible! You're all over the place! We can't market this!'''' ,'''The one thing I had pure in my life was creativity.''' ,''''In the Pines' is a very old song dating back to slavery. Lead Belly made it popular.''' ,'''My most revered hero is Robert Johnson. His lyrics are so consistent with rap: the danger, the boldness, the creativity.''' ,'''Growing up in the neighborhoods I did in Oakland, you don't know the Beatles, but I started learning their songs.''' ,'''The streets spoke to me in a way that religion didn't.''' ,'''I had this dream that you get this record deal, and you're a star, and everybody loves you - but I was a youngster, and it didn't work out that way.''' ,'''Exercise is good for you, so I'm always walking. I don't drink sodas or eat fast food, either.''' ,'''I think things happen, and we have no control over them, and what you take from them is really what is important.''' ,'''I want to make other people around me smarter and more powerful.''' ,'''My dad was born in 1905, and the men from that period were real men. He prepared me for the world.''' ,'''I want to be an artist, not be in the business of making hit records. Once I figured that out, everything became clear.''' ,'''I think once I had lived life, once I had failed enough in this lifetime and got back up a thousand times from failing, I really connected to the blues.''' ,'''Without busking, there is no Fantastic Negrito.''' ,'''Art and culture are the greatest weapons against hate agendas, entrenched ideologies, and power structures that harbor and promote the business of divisiveness.''' ,'''My life, my failures. I hope that gives people the lesson to rebuild their own lives.''' ,''''Push back' is the word; that's what we gotta do against ignorance. I see so much of it, and it's dangerous.''' ,'''I think I was made for live music. It's just great.''' ,''''The Duffler' is a very familiar story, a story about someone having something and not appreciating it until it's gone, when it's too late.''' ,'''I fear for the lives of my daughters. I am uncertain about what kind of future they will face.''' ,'''I hope I contribute something useful to the human family. That's my intention. And I hope that it's useful to people.''' ,'''I came up with the album name 'Please Don't Be Dead' because I felt like we'd lost our way as a society - and I know what happens when you chase the wrong things. It's the story of my life.''' ,'''Ain't nobody more punk rock than Robert Johnson, Lead Belly, even Little Richard.''' ,'''NPR changed my life; I don't even front.''' ,'''Prince was a hero. He was the brother, the black man that was a little different. As a kid, you thought, 'Wow, he's different. If he can do it, I can do it.' I read that he was self-taught, so I started teaching myself to play the piano.''' ,'''I can't just sit back and write about the club when our democracy is under attack. I have to be a more positive force.''' ,'''My dad was a strict Muslim. He had a lot of rules.''' ,'''Doing a concert, I look at a room full of different people, and I see you've got Muslims, you've got Jews, you've got Christians, you've got gays, you've got straights, you've got blacks, you've got whites. I think, 'How can I unite these people through song?'''' ,'''I like going out and looking at people, and they inspire me so much.''' ,'''I usually go to secondhand stores and find what I can. I like finding interesting things: vests, blazers. I tell the band, 'We got to look good when we're up there.' I learned it from Miles Davis. I read about his suits in his biography. Suits mean you're getting paid, and I like the idea that he looked good in his suits.''' ,''''Fantastic' is self-explanatory, you know? And the 'Negrito' is a way to open up blackness to everyone - you know, make it playful, international. It's extremely positive in my view; it's my affair with this music.''' ,'''Live performance is everything. First of all, I have terrible stage fright. But beyond that, once the music starts, it's OK.''' ,'''I was raised on African music, Harry Belafonte, and the Boston Pops. Then I got a dose of soul and hip-hop. I related to it immediately.''' ,'''It's amazing: when you are challenged with less, sometimes you can produce more.''' ,'''I love the power of music and artistry and feel a responsibility having a platform to preach good things.''' ,'''We should not fear what is new, but we should not throw out that which is in the past but is still valuable.''' ,'''Music is something that's so powerful and means so much to me.''' ,'''If I can't be honest with music, forget it.''' ,'''I like being photographed without glasses. I don't want to be pretentious.''' ,'''I became Fantastic Negrito, and I felt like there was a rawness and an honesty in that music that I could relate to. That I was ready, finally, in my life to be that honest with myself.''' ,'''There came a point where I did give up on music, but I'm the kind of person that when I face obstacles, I become more determined. It's just something weird within me.''' ,'''I don't mind being the voice of the New Oakland to maintain the integrity and edge of it. Old Oakland and New Oakland is one and the same. It's connected. I aspire to be the bridge between both.''' ,'''What did winning a Grammy do for me? It made me want to get rid of my Grammy, pack it away, and never see it again. It made me not want to speak to anyone who wanted to speak about my Grammy.''' ,'''Everybody agreed I had all this talent, but I didn't know what to make of it.''' ,'''When I was born, my mother said all the nurses wanted to come see the colored baby.''' ,'''Blues purists may hate what I do sometimes because it's a little dirtier.''' ,'''I thought my story was over. But that was when I realised I finally had a story to tell - and it seems to remind people of their own story.''' ,'''I really loved the hardcore alternative vibe Prince had on 'Dirty Mind.'''' ,'''I always call myself a recovering narcissist. I lived my life thinking everything was about me.''' ,'''Your dream can die. You will probably give up. But from there, you can start everything over.''' ,'''I throw up before every show. I'm thinking about just making it part of the act.''' ,'''I'm not interested in re-creating the same blues I love so much. I'm interested in pushing boundaries.''' ,'''I could have worked with great people like Nile Rodgers, which I regret. I don't have many regrets, but I remember he'd shown some interest, and I was just in my own world, man.''' ,'''I'm in a collective with the same guys I met on the streets at 12. The greatest investments I ever made were those friendships.''' ,'''We gotta bring new ideas to the table and empower each other.''' ,'''That makes me very happy as a human being to know what I'm doing is an inspiration to people.''' ,'''I knew I was an exhibitionist. I came from a huge family. I found an emotional connection being on stage.''' ,'''I had a dream, as young people have quite idealistic dreams and goals, of, 'I'm going to go to Los Angeles, and I'm going to become a star!' I did get this huge record deal, and I recorded this music under Xavier. That didn't really work out.''' ,'''I take the purest and hardest forms of music... and come in completely fresh from a production standpoint. It's like hip-hop production, because there's a lot of taking the best parts and a lot of the repetitiveness.''' ,'''When I look into the audience, and I just know we understand each other, I can see their faces, and they know what I'm talking about. I feel like I've helped. Everything I've been through in my life, it helps people. Then that makes it worth it.''' ,'''I just take things one day at a time. I'm just thankful that I have my legs, my arms, my eyes.''' ,'''There's certain artists that are meant to have certain paths and go the way of the corporate world. And then there are artists who are artists.''' ,'''I hitchhiked to L.A. with $100 and a keyboard.''' ,'''Usually when tragedy is present, a great art movement is right behind it.''' ,'''The idea of 'raw' music, to me, is honesty: getting people to feel you with the least amount of production possible, the shortest distance traveled emotionally, sonically.''' ,'''So-called leaders aren't doing anything, so it's become the job of artists like me. We have to get on the front lines and fight for the people who have love and tolerance in their hearts and want to live in a unified world.''' ,'''Slaves and the descendants of slaves created world pop culture. Let's keep it real and be very respectful about that.''' ,'''That's always the time to quit - when you have nothing to say as an artist and creative person.''' ,'''Jimmy Iovine signed me personally to a million-dollar contract, and I lost my identity for a long time. That system is so predicated on making a hit, or you're out of here.''' ,'''As long as we have have predatory capitalism, we'll have guns because the gun industry loves to make money out of guns.''' ,'''I think that was always my strength. I was never a great player, but I could write.''' ,'''I heard Skip James, and it pierced me. It felt like punk rock to me, real and raw. It was just one guitar, so simple yet so much expression. I wanted to feel and express like that, to take the shortest path to get to an emotion.''' ,'''I try to be as positive a person as possible.''' ,'''Just keep being yourself. Keep being yourself, and people recognize it.''' ,'''Nothing unifies people more than music, more than that universal riff. The one thing that unifies us and the hope that we can have, especially being an artist, is that we can create music that can build bridges and smash down very bad ideas.''' ,'''What I decided was I'd be happier not being in the confines of a corporate infrastructure producing music. That's when I was free, and it opened up the door to have a different personality and incarnations. That's really when I had success in my music life. I was able to license my music.''' ,'''I wanted to do life, do something interesting. I ran out of things I wanted to say in my music, so I just put it down, sold all my gear, and put on some overalls and reconnected with the soil.''' ,'''Fantastic Negrito is a persona, an incarnation in my third phase.''' ,'''I write songs. I perform. I play the guitar. I play the keyboard.''' ,]
+++