+++
author = "Peyton List"
title = "Peyton List Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Peyton List Quotes"
keywords = "peyton list,peyton list quotes,peyton list quote,peyton list sayings,peyton list saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Girls on the Run is an organization that believes every girl can embrace who she is. It's all about girl empowerment. I've volunteered for different things before, but I didn't get to work hands-on. I thought this program sounded wonderful because I could go in and work with girls face-to-face.''' ,'''When I was little, I wanted to be a Bongo girl and be an actress - I am living my dream. It's just awesome.''' ,'''If I could live anywhere else in the world, I would probably want a place back in New York.''' ,'''Social media can be so addictive.''' ,'''I feel like New Yorkers get stereotyped as , but I feel like they are the most friendly. I feel like you get to know people in a day, where in L.A., I am isolated in my car because I never get to talk to people as much.''' ,'''There are amazing acne treatments and creams out there, but sometimes we're just hormonal, and there is nothing we can do about our 'friends' showing up out of nowhere.''' ,'''I love to start the day with a stretch and a few miles of running. It wakes me up and clears my head.''' ,'''I feel like it's really important to support people who are coming up and really talented, who need someone to show people that they're cool and talented and doing something different. And I can help do that. It's cool.''' ,'''I never really thought I was a method actor or anything like that.''' ,'''I love living in Los Angeles, because it's always perfect weather.''' ,'''I think, so far, 'Jessie' has to be the show I've loved working on most. Coming in at age 12, I was so excited to work on Disney, since it had been my dream as a kid. I also feel like there was such a bond with that cast.''' ,'''I love John Hughes films.''' ,'''I work with elementary- and middle school-age girls.''' ,'''When I'm in L.A., I have salads, sandwiches, and soups all the time. Eating in New York, I feel like I have to have pizza and bagels while I'm here!''' ,'''I want to do more movies, more adult roles.''' ,'''I compost at home. I'm always taking old banana peels, eggshells, coffee beans, or whatever it is, and putting them in a compost bin and then using it in my backyard.''' ,'''I normally go for a skinny jean, but I also wear a lot of flares.''' ,'''If I'm having a sleepover with my friends, they make fun of me because I take an hour to get ready before bed!''' ,'''Chex Mix when I travel is a must.''' ,'''I think bathrooms are where everyone bonds. That is the bonding place.''' ,'''My biggest goal is to keep playing characters that challenge me.''' ,'''I really love the idea of a short dress for prom!''' ,'''When I was younger, my dad would cook, and I would never really have it, unless it was something like spaghetti. I would only like what my mom made - macaroni and cheese or something like that. But after I reached a certain age, I think it was 11, I realized I liked his cooking.''' ,'''It is so cool having complete control over something because, with acting, it's words written by other people that you perform; you do something that's completely not yourself.''' ,'''If you want to edit your photos and make yourself look different, go for it. That is up to you, but in my opinion, you should always post things that you think do a good job at representing who you are.''' ,'''I think that what makes you cool at the end of the day is letting go, not being superficial or uptight, and being different.''' ,'''When I got the offer to be a Bongo girl, I was so ecstatic, I couldn't believe it.''' ,'''My friends are more than an 'accept' button on Facebook, and over the , I've learned the only way to have a best friend is to actually be one.''' ,'''I love bands like the Arctic Monkeys and The Smiths, and I'm working on my own music.''' ,'''Whenever I have time off, I love to travel and explore.''' ,'''I go to schools in L.A., and I teach lessons. I run with the girls and teach them things about bullying and gossip. For instance, we'd play things like telephone, where you can actually see how words get twisted.''' ,'''I try and listen to what the people I respect are talking about, what they believe and why.''' ,'''I have a travel bucket list that keeps getting bigger and bigger.''' ,'''It's not fair that kids feel like they have to be naturally gifted at math and science, but with , it's often pushed to the side. It doesn't make any sense to me why it shouldn't be a big part of kids' lives.''' ,'''I really love Emma Stone. I really like her a lot.''' ,'''So much changes in a year when you're a teenager.''' ,'''Queso is my number one.''' ,'''That was my dream to be on a Disney show. So it was weird to suddenly getting stopped by kids my own age and getting recognized by people.''' ,'''I think every girl always has doubts about her body.''' ,'''I find New York so fun. I love walking here. In L.A., you never get to walk anywhere.''' ,'''I started when I was four because I had asked my parents, I begged them, 'Can I do acting? I really want to do this!' and they let me do it, so that's pretty much how I got started.''' ,'''I believe in a woman's right to choose, because, well, no one ever seems to tell guys what to do with their bodies.''' ,'''I like breakfast all day, any day.''' ,'''It takes me so long to take care of my skin at night! My friends will call me, and I'll be like, 'I'm washing my face.' They'll ask me 30 minutes later what I'm doing and I'm like, 'I'm still washing my face!' I use makeup wipes every night - I always like to try different ones, but I really like Aveeno's.''' ,'''It is so easy to sit behind a screen and create an account that spreads hate.''' ,'''In the mornings, I try to wash my face - especially if I'm going to set.''' ,'''My hair holds curls so well, and I don't wash it every day because it doesn't need it.''' ,'''People know a lot about my life - I've been on TV since I was three years old. And there's not a lot to complain about.''' ,'''A lot of kids tell me that 'Jessie' is their favorite show, and they would have been so sad if it didn't live on in 'Bunk'd.'''' ,'''I love fall! Fall is, like, one of my favorite seasons.''' ,'''I have a big say in what I wear and what I go out in, and I have to feel confident in it before I leave.''' ,'''I'm 10 minutes older than my twin brother.''' ,'''Every once in a while, friends leave sarcastic comments on photos. I know they're joking, but the sarcastic humor doesn't always translate well when I am sitting behind my screen reading it. In person, it's easier to play it off as a joke, but online, it can come across as offensive.''' ,'''The energy in New York is like no other.''' ,'''My school has a bunch of actors and professional kids, like Chloe Grace Moretz, Odeya Rush, and Olympic gymnasts. Basically, anyone who has a job as a kid.''' ,'''My Renee Rouleau moisturizer with SPF 30 saves my skin.''' ,'''Pamela Eells has been the most amazing leader. She's such a nurturing person, and that is what makes a woman such a great leader: she's nurturing but also gets stuff done.''' ,'''Jolly Rancher candy canes are the bomb.''' ,'''Loyalty is one of the qualities in a friend that I value most.''' ,'''I think people don't really like change.''' ,'''Sometimes, when I'm on the red carpet or something, and there was a lot of flashes, my eyes, like, start watering. I'm like, 'Oh.' You have to hide it, so I just keep going, and then I'm like, 'Oh gosh, it hurts so bad.'''' ,'''I love dancing.''' ,'''It's really fun to work with new people who you've never met before.''' ,'''I love to sing - whenever I am not on set, I am usually in my room jamming out with my guitar.''' ,'''I knew I was born with a heart murmur. Doctors have always monitored it, and it's never caused any problems. Still, it's on my mind a bit more now. Especially now that I know that heart disease is a woman's disease and not just what Grandpa suffers from.''' ,'''I started high school in L.A., but I went to public school in New York.''' ,'''My hair has a natural, beachy wave, so I'm really lucky.''' ,'''I love Popsicles. I make them out of real fruit, then dip them in chocolate and roll them in cereal.''' ,'''My favorite part of any award show is meeting all the fans, and the KCA's are the one event I look forward to all year.''' ,'''My everyday look is just very natural, but I still like wearing a little bit of makeup.''' ,'''A mini lint brush is always in my purse.''' ,'''When you can't make up your mind about which shoe to choose, you post a photo to SnapChat and ask the fans.''' ,'''In Singapore, I want to go to the water park on Sentosa Island.''' ,'''My mom was a theater teacher and helped me out a lot as a kid when I was starting out.''' ,'''I don't want to be boring, and I never want people to think it's a snoozefest. I want to find the middle point between looking classic and also trying something new.''' ,'''I use Bed Head shampoo and conditioner, but I try not to shampoo every day because it's so drying.''' ,'''You can never maintain a friendship if you don't tell the truth, even if it hurts.''' ,'''I cannot wear low-waisted pants - I'm constantly pulling them up.''' ,'''The first time I ever came to fashion week, everyone was wearing heels.''' ,'''I'm kind of down for anything, as long as it's an amazing script that speaks to me, so I'm just constantly reading and constantly looking.''' ,'''We can all agree that social media is an amazing platform where we can interact with and meet people and that we probably would have never had the chance to otherwise, right? However, it also has sadly become a place where some people go to share negative thoughts and comments.''' ,'''Things you learn through the arts are used every day in life. It's a great way to express yourself and get out anxieties throughout the day.''' ,'''I hate jealousy so much that if I ever do feel it, I try to shut it down immediately, but it's so hard.''' ,'''I'll do BB cream or a moisturizing foundation from Laura Mercier. I like golds or coppers on my eyes and a little highlight on my cheeks.''' ,'''In Los Angeles, I feel like I'm wasting time while I'm driving, so now I listen to NPR and the 'Serial' podcast. I'm like, 'Yay! I can learn something while driving.'''' ,'''It takes effort to be a real friend and to find a true friend.''' ,'''I remember I was, like, 6 years old when I found out that I was having a little brother, and I was wishing and wishing for a sister. When my mom came out and my dad, and they're like, 'It's a boy,' Spencer, my twin brother, is cheering and jumping up and down, and then I burst into tears. I was so sad. I was crying.''' ,'''Dance means so much to me. It's always been such a huge part of my life.''' ,'''I like mixing high-end finds with less expensive items. I've been known to pair an outfit from Forever 21 with Chanel shoes.''' ,'''I like to wear earrings, but I always have to wear lip gloss or something on my lips!''' ,'''My Nike Airs are always on my feet when I travel.''' ,'''Until I was in 6th grade, I took ballet, jazz, tap, and hip hop.''' ,'''I believe that racism is a problem, and we need to do something about it.''' ,'''I personally eat so much food, and I work out a lot.''' ,'''I believe I should make the same amount of money for doing the same job as a man.''' ,'''I'm fully aware of how lucky I am to do the work I do. I work really, really hard, and there are a lot of privileges and perks that come with the job.''' ,'''There are so many fun places to hike.''' ,'''I'm really glad we have Jennifer Lawrence and Amy Schumer and all these girls who are embracing all the different body types.''' ,'''Vlogging is something that's pretty entertaining. But like with a lot of social media, I just feel it's so easy to stop living your life, even though you're creating all these moments.''' ,'''I never thought I was funny.''' ,]
+++