+++
author = "Hema Malini"
title = "Hema Malini Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Hema Malini Quotes"
keywords = "hema malini,hema malini quotes,hema malini quote,hema malini sayings,hema malini saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Jayalalithaaji was not just a politician: she was the messiah of the masses.''' ,'''Youngsters are coming up with so many new ideas and doing small budget films, which is good. Even my daughter thinks of some subjects that are strange and different. But when I discussed it with some writers, they said it's fantastic. So I think young people are able to think something different. It's great!''' ,'''I have great admiration for Atal Bihari Vajapyee.''' ,'''I am joining BJP, as I feel very close to its ideology.''' ,'''I would even love to do a Bengali film if a good offer is made to me.''' ,''''Sholay' can and should never be remade. It is a classic, just like 'Mughal-e-Azam.' The magic which the movie created at that time cannot be repeated.''' ,'''I did a number of films with Amitabh. He was a wonderful costar - totally different from others.''' ,'''I have done work for everyone because all are Brijwasi.''' ,'''As an MP of Mathura, I know the fact that there are many soldiers from Mathura who have sacrificed their life for the country.''' ,'''Shashi Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan were good dancers.''' ,'''Narendra Modiji has proved his skills and delivered on his promises in Gujarat and he has some very good plans for the nation.''' ,'''Sometimes I act younger than my daughters. But that's when they say, 'Mama, stop it!'''' ,'''To save and keep our country secure, we need a Prime Minister like Modiji.''' ,'''There is a need for improving connectivity of Mathura through air as well as connecting neighbouring pilgrim sites such as Barsana, Gokul, Dauji through a single rail route.''' ,'''Dance excites me.''' ,'''As for my favourite actresses, I like Kareena Kapoor and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan.''' ,'''I am still attached to my wedding sari and preserve it with care. There are so many little things I have kept as loving mementos of my father and mother.''' ,'''I was never the kind to throw parties for my birthday. I remember how embarrassed I used to be when they'd make me cut a cake on the sets, and the unit would sing 'Happy Birthday.'''' ,'''People are dying to get a National Award... it's a national reputation.''' ,'''In my constituency, everyone loves Modiji, and it will convert into votes.''' ,'''Filmmaking involves a lot of money and hard work, which should not be wasted, though nobody knows which film will be a hit.''' ,'''I prefer to travel by jeep, because you can see everyone clearly, and everyone can see you. Also, people are not able to come close to you easily when you are in a jeep.''' ,'''We have to maintain the Krishnasthali.''' ,'''After 'Dil Aashna Hai,' I became busy, as my daughters Esha and Ahana were growing up, and I had to look after them.''' ,'''Esha can't have it easy just because she is my daughter. I have to be strict.''' ,'''I have done so much work in Mathura. I am proud of the works.''' ,'''I am glad that I am able to do everything. It's tough because you have to look after the house, family, children, acting, dance, and production.''' ,'''We heroines don't get good roles.''' ,'''I started my career with her. I was supposed to do my first film in Tamil in which she was the other heroine. The film was titled 'Vennira Aadai.' It was a love triangle, with Jayalalithaaji and I playing the hero's two love interests. But the director Sridhar removed me from the film after a few days' shooting.''' ,'''Women must follow their passion and dreams without fear.''' ,'''I find it difficult to speak in remote places because it is so hot and dusty that I tend to choke.''' ,''''TMOK' is about the very interesting journey of a girl in a different situation, and different stories blend into one film. The film has a lot of emotional depth, and I am sure people will like it.''' ,'''It's not that people will vote for me only because I am a Bollywood star.''' ,'''I just want my daughters and their families to be happy.''' ,'''People assume that they will retire at 60 and die when they are 70. If you can think positive, live a healthy life, listen to your body and follow a regime, then you can live for 100 years, healthy and happy.''' ,'''I love being in the BJP, communicating with people and doing something for them. It's very challenging.''' ,'''Age has nothing to do with doing new things. If you have it in you, then you will be able to do it. It's about your will power.''' ,'''Mathura railway station should be a blend of heritage look with modernisation like escalator and better waiting rooms for general class passengers. Instead of taking rest on the ground, the passengers in general waiting rooms should be provided benches.''' ,'''I step out for campaigning only after I complete my pooja at home, which is something I do every day.''' ,'''Often I sit in the lawn and have my morning cuppa amidst the twittering of rare birds.''' ,'''Mathura station must be developed in such a way that it reflects birthplace of Lord Krishna.''' ,''''Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani' is a huge hit, but as far as the story of the film goes, there wasn't much to it.''' ,'''I don't care what people think about the way I act.''' ,'''When I'm with my daughters on a holiday, I become one of the girls instead of their mother.''' ,'''TMOK' is a family film, and everyone would like to watch the film. I'll be very happy even if I get 50 to 65 per cent of the box-office opening that 'Ra.One' gets.''' ,'''Times have changed. Girls no longer let people treat them like doormats. They take their decisions and stick to them. This makes me happy.''' ,'''When my mother was around, she would insist on celebrating my birthdays.''' ,'''They tried to humiliate and cow her down in every way possible, but Jayalalithaaji was unstoppable. With every attack, she became stronger.''' ,'''I don't have any high aims or goals, but I hope to continue my journey of multi-tasking as I have been doing so far as an actor, dancer, and also serving people of the nation.''' ,'''Darian is a Greek name, and my grandson is definitely going to be a Greek God, just like his grandfather.''' ,'''People of different castes want Modi.''' ,'''Spirituality is a great bent of mind. It gives peace and hope to me.''' ,'''We should train kids in the music and dance of our legends. That's how we can keep the traditions alive.''' ,'''Anybody cannot be a dancer. A dancer must have a certain posture, gestures, height, behaviour.''' ,'''I want to impart my dance, my music: I want to make an institute and teach children.''' ,'''Classical dance forms and music are slowly going away. It is very important to impart these to children.''' ,'''I think I have aged gracefully.''' ,'''That is so very important - that you can develop yourself into anything you want.''' ,'''1 crore is not a small amount. I would never ask for such an amount without knowing the role.''' ,'''I do yoga and dance every morning at home for one and a half hours. Then I make tea for myself.''' ,'''I lead a very disciplined life.''' ,'''Institutes should be named after these legendary artistes. Some institute should be named after Lata Mangeshkar.''' ,'''I cannot be expected to behave like a film star when I have decided to serve my people. They have voted for me with expectations, and I cannot take them for granted.''' ,'''I want to work on improving the number of schools for girls and ensuring there are proper and clean toilets so girls are encouraged to come to school. I am told this is a major reason for girls dropping out of schools.''' ,'''I don't let any opportunity go.''' ,'''Stray cattle roam every lane and alley, but we are building cow shelters and trying to resolve the problem.''' ,'''I never thought I would sing professionally, but it so happened that I made Babul hear a Bengali song I had sung many years ago. He thought I should sing and bring out an album. I readily agreed.''' ,'''Huge crowds, numbering in lakhs, come to see me wherever I go.''' ,'''Filmmaking is a gamble.''' ,'''I was very active during both my pregnancies.''' ,'''I am an artist, and I will always be working. But a film should match my personality and should be primarily based on a woman for me to go forward with it.''' ,'''People will vote for me in Mathura because Modiji is our leader.''' ,'''God has been kind to me, so I really should not be sitting and complaining.''' ,'''I am no more young. So there is no harm in playing an elderly role.''' ,'''I had a cordial relationship with all my heroes - some, like Jeetendra or Shatrughan Sinha, are very funny. Amitabh, on the other hand, was more serious, more professional.''' ,'''Some restrictions should be imposed on population. First of all, each city should have certain population, certain limit.''' ,'''I am a dancer at heart.''' ,'''Irrespective of your partner's mistakes, love must hold you back in the relationship.''' ,'''Happiness is state of mind.''' ,'''Pure dance form is not dying.''' ,'''Ahana does lots of things; that's the problem with her. She is a fashion designer and is also writing some scripts. She doesn't want to do the regular commercial films. So she has decided that only if she really likes something, then she will take it up.''' ,'''When Shah Rukh's film can make it to the theatres for Diwali, why can't my film release on the same day?''' ,'''I've learnt music, since this is a part and parcel of growing up in a traditional Tamil Brahmin family. In fact, I've even given three exams in music when I was young.''' ,'''Every art form has its own beauty, but blending it with other forms in separate ways is okay.''' ,'''Acting on TV is ruled out. I admire those who do it, but I found it quite strenuous.''' ,'''Yes, I used to miss my childhood, but I did get a chance to relive it through Esha and Ahaana.''' ,'''The few days that I shot with Jayalalithaaji, I got to observe her very closely. I was very impressed by her grace, beauty, and dignity. She came to the sets with her mother. So did I. She remained aloof on the sets and didn't speak much to anyone.''' ,'''While families in South India are familiar with Soundaryalahari, I wanted others to know of it, too.''' ,'''Becoming a grandmother is an extension of a woman's personality. It doesn't matter how many times you become one; the excitement is the same.''' ,'''For any cultural performance involving me, the response from Kolkata is the most critical. If I pass here, I will pass elsewhere.''' ,'''Every marriage is different, but the most important factor in a strong relationship is the love and harmony between the couple.''' ,'''Money and other tangibles will come and go; they shouldn't be the foundation of your marriage.''' ,'''Among my classical dances, I loved my 'Mrig Trishna' dance. People should try that on stage. I don't know why they don't. It's beautifully written.''' ,'''When I was at the top, my mother was helping other girls. I thought it was a beautiful gesture and that I should continue it in her name.''' ,'''It is because of the blessing of Lord Ganesha that the event has become so popular among Puneites. Kalmadiji also plays a very important role in the growth of the Pune Festival. It is because of him that we are able to enthrall the audience with good performances.''' ,'''When my children were young, I set my routine according to their needs.''' ,'''With time, everything changes, and there is nothing wrong in that.''' ,'''A lot of fans said they wanted to see me again. 'Baghban' is for them.''' ,'''I have always followed my passion to dance religiously. And that keeps me agile and youthful at heart.''' ,]
+++