+++
author = "Heart Evangelista"
title = "Heart Evangelista Quotes"
quotes_len = "73"
description = "the best 73 Heart Evangelista Quotes"
keywords = "heart evangelista,heart evangelista quotes,heart evangelista quote,heart evangelista sayings,heart evangelista saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Being a role model means you can stand up and fight for things.''' ,'''In every relationship you go through really tough times.''' ,'''There's so many nice things about being single; you have yourself really present with you like 100 percent.''' ,'''The inner confidence in knowing who you are, believing in your dreams, and following your heart, is what make you radiate from within.''' ,'''They say that once you get married then you'll be held back, that everything stops. It's been the opposite for me. My husband pushes me.''' ,'''Everything that I've experienced, work or personal is all connected so I'm proud of the whole thing.''' ,'''Yes, I'm very expressive with my painting.''' ,'''I worked on becoming a better person and nurturing what I've been blessed with, improving my skills and taking care of my health and beauty.''' ,'''I like myself. I love myself.''' ,'''It's not in what you wear but how you handle yourself. Like Hollywood celebrity Lindsay Lohan, I used to like her a lot because of her great fashion style but look at her attitude. Fashion is also about knowing what's right and doing what is right.''' ,'''You really don't have to be rich to be sosy. It's just really a mentality and how you want to carry yourself. You enjoy life.''' ,'''My grandfather used to own a production company called Everlasting Pictures. I grew up with a lot of artistas and reporters and I'd always be starstruck.''' ,'''Sosy should be a good term. Sosy should be a happy-go-lucky, good vibes girl, wants to make friends, enjoy life.''' ,'''I don't really get mad. But if I see a helpless animal being treated cruelly I will transform into the Incredible Hulk.''' ,'''One thing I learned with changes in your life: it happens for a reason, for a good one, because God wouldn't want anything else for you except good things.''' ,'''You're only young once and you can't turn back the hands of time.''' ,'''2018 was really a rollercoaster ride for me, there was something bad that happened but God gave me more good moments than really low ones.''' ,'''One thing I'm sure of is that it's not easy to find your lifetime partner.''' ,'''If you just lost someone special in your life, get a dog.''' ,'''You tell me what to do and I'll do the opposite.''' ,'''I think it's when you take care of yourself, you love yourself that you truly bloom and look your most beautiful.''' ,'''Heart is tied with a lot of controversies, a lot of heartbreaks in show business. With 'Love Marie' who I really am in the real world. I feel more free, I feel more clean. I feel like people don't judge me, and that is why I shy away from being Heart when it comes to my painting.''' ,'''I felt like I was a bit more respected when I started to paint. It was like revealing my diary, but in a different language. It was something that was mysterious about me.''' ,'''Mainly as an artist, I like to wear colors. I like to see colors, and it really helps my mood.''' ,'''I found a new life in painting, maybe because I think I've found myself. I'm so much more comfortable with myself now that, with every decision I make, I can go all out.''' ,'''I'm confident that if you do what's right, and you work hard and you pray a lot, no matter what it is, everything will just fall into place.''' ,'''Yes, it's possible to have the best of both worlds. My personal life is going great, and so is my career. Who says I have to give one up to have the other?''' ,'''Life is really not easy, we all have our personal battles, but it is important that you really treasure yourself, love yourself and have a sense of self-worth.''' ,'''It's really important to me to pray.''' ,'''A life is a life and should never be trivialised for the sake of art or what have you.''' ,'''I think women should be there for each other and to support each other.''' ,'''I love white, I love black. For me, sometimes, it's nice to play with colors, but when you're too busy to think and you've got so much in your mind, sometimes all you need is a bare uniform.''' ,'''It's not that I didn't suffer or anything, I feel like it would be a sin if I complained that's why I'm just very grateful and I never questioned God on what happened in 2018.''' ,'''Try harder to be better and the universe will work towards giving you more happiness.''' ,'''I like people who are always smiling. I'm a very happy person.''' ,'''Hermes bags are the only bags that auction houses accept. Given that it's already valuable to begin with, making it into an even special one of-a-kind piece by painting on it can only increase its value.''' ,'''As an artista, I'm not always beautiful.''' ,'''If there's anything I can promise is that I'm gonna paint till the last breath.''' ,'''A lot of people tell me that my paintings are sad-looking, but they're actually more pensive than sad. They're very colorful and that says a lot about my disposition in life, how I'm very hopeful.''' ,'''The art industry is a totally different world, and to be appreciated in that different world is what matters to me.''' ,'''My favorite role - it would be in that of 'Full House.' I really enjoyed that fun role, although when my character Jessy cries, she really gave you drama.''' ,'''My mom's a collector and my dad is also into jewelry. When I was young, my dad would buy my mom loose stones and she would design them and do the settings and everything. So I kinda grew up with that kind of love for anything sparkly.''' ,'''It's such a liberating feeling to go out of your comfort zone, to be independent and strike out on my own without my parents.''' ,'''I never really thought of myself as a hot, sexy vixen.''' ,'''It's hard for me to lie, I'd stumble with my words if I tried to lie.''' ,'''I was spoiled growing up. My dad would really spoil us. He would bring us to high-end stores and ask us to please try on those clothes. He'd make us try on all the pretty clothes, modeling like that... He liked dressing us up, my dad and my mom they loved dressing up.''' ,'''I think it's important to accentuate your features, and a lip liner does that. There's an instant change that makes you feel beautiful right away.''' ,'''A beautiful face with a sexy body is a dime a dozen in showbiz. When you have magnetic personality, you beat everybody else.''' ,'''We always have that one special moment that could be anything that changes our lives forever.''' ,'''I grew up with dogs Aspins and purebreds eating, sitting and sleeping side by side with us.''' ,'''Being in the public eye, going through so much in life personal and my work, all of that put together it's either it will destroy you or make you a better person.''' ,'''Before getting married, I was never really able to travel because of work and I was always with my parents.''' ,'''I would be more angry if an animal were treated cruelly than people, because people can defend themselves.''' ,'''I super love makeup, but I'm not the type who would wear a lot of it.''' ,'''Before when I said I'm going to get married, I thought my life is going to be peaceful. But then, I ended up with a politician so it slightly got a little complicated.''' ,'''Sometimes I see patterns in my mind. I dream about them at night. They drive me crazy.''' ,'''I'm not against divorce, but I do believe it's really not a joke to find a life partner. In fact, better be alone and take your time rather than complicate things.''' ,'''It's good to start early when buying jewelry pieces. Aside from being investments, they are classic, they are timeless, and they are something that you pass on - it's a memory, it's an heirloom.''' ,'''My passion for painting is so sacred and personal to me.''' ,'''As I showed the world my art, my heart, I wasn't just an actress. I was actually an artist. And that was my transformation.''' ,'''Dogs give us unconditional love.''' ,'''I'm an impulse buyer. I'd step inside a shop and buy a nice dress, just like that. Only then do I realize it cost a tidy sum. And when I enter a jewelry store, wow!''' ,'''Happy Skin is all about natural beauty. They don't want you to wear something that's harsh on your skin and I want that as well.''' ,'''No matter how beautiful you are you, if you don't know how to handle yourself, it will just show... You don't have to have perfect features... It's really just your disposition.''' ,'''I always believe that if you have a good heart, you just want to do what's right. You don't want to step on anyone.''' ,'''They say you'll be blooming when you're in love; I agree, but what is important to bloom is taking care of yourself, too.''' ,'''I'm very transparent. What you see is what you get. 'I date this person, this happened to me' and I have to be honest about it... because of that I developed a backbone.''' ,'''What inspires me to paint is life, my emotions, through my paintings I want people to understand that life isn't always happy but you should be always hopeful that's why I use bright colors in my paintings, that's what I want people to feel about me and when they see my art.''' ,'''Sometimes, a nice smile can make up for anything, like when you can't get into an outfit comfortably.''' ,'''My maternal great-grandfather Don Juan del Gallego was a Spanish adventurer from Asturias, Spain. He sailed on a galleon ship to the Philippines. He then went to the Bicol region to build a town that eventually became known as Del Gallego.''' ,'''I've always been painting, even as a little girl I was painting on the doors and walls of our house.''' ,'''I'm very sensitive; I'm not moody.''' ,'''Help cause that's what God wants. Stop hating. Start loving one another. Start making a difference. Small or big.''' ,]
+++