+++
author = "Lynn Margulis"
title = "Lynn Margulis Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Lynn Margulis Quotes"
keywords = "lynn margulis,lynn margulis quotes,lynn margulis quote,lynn margulis sayings,lynn margulis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''All scientists agree that evolution has occurred - that all life comes from a common ancestry, that there has been extinction, and that new taxa, new biological groups, have arisen. The question is, is natural selection enough to explain evolution? Is it the driver of evolution?''' ,'''People think the earth is going to die and they have to save it. That's ridiculous. If you rid the earth of flowering plants, people would die, period. But the earth was without flowering plants for almost all of its history.''' ,'''To romp along the connected rooftops and fire escapes of Chicago's second city of garages was my young life's passion.''' ,'''There is no scientific reason to think that we, even with space travel, are going to survive as a species for ever, certainly not by biting off the hand that feeds us, which is exactly what we are doing.''' ,'''If you really want to study evolution, you've got go outside sometime, because you'll see symbiosis everywhere!''' ,'''Politicians need a better understanding of global ecology. We need to be freed from our species-specific arrogance. No evidence exists that we are 'chosen', the unique species for which all the others were made. Nor are we the most important one because we are so numerous, powerful and dangerous.''' ,'''Life on earth is more like a verb. It repairs, maintains, re-creates, and outdoes itself.''' ,'''Everybody knows what a caterpillar is, and it doesn't look anything like a butterfly.''' ,'''All living beings, not just animals, but plants and microorganisms, perceive. To survive, an organic being must perceive - it must seek, or at least recognize, food and avoid environmental danger.''' ,'''People say I am against Darwin. That is ridiculous.''' ,'''All I ask is that we compare human consciousness with spirochete ecology.''' ,'''Natural selection eliminates and maybe maintains, but it doesn't create.''' ,'''Although the detail of our sexual energies and their objects and objectives vastly vary, the existence of our sexuality itself is an undeniable truth.''' ,'''Life learned early on to recognize itself.''' ,'''The urgency to mate persists in all people as in all other mammals because of the evolutionary drive to continue the species, the inborn imperative for genes to reproduce and hormonal differences that evolved over millions of years.''' ,'''Life on earth is such a good story you cannot afford to miss the beginning... Beneath our superficial differences we are all of us walking communities of bacteria. The world shimmers, a pointillist landscape made of tiny living beings.''' ,'''Of course, the plea for respect for nonhuman life goes far beyond the scientific delight of familiarity with our planet mates. The nonhuman forms of life with which we 6,000 million talking, upright apes share this finite planet are directly or indirectly connected to our well-being.''' ,'''My work more than didn't fit in. It crossed willy-nilly the boundaries that people had spent their lives building up. It hits some 30 subfields of biology, even geology.''' ,'''I was taught over and over again that the accumulation of random mutations led to evolutionary change - led to new species. I believed it until I looked for evidence.''' ,'''The fewer species there are and the fewer species we know about, the fewer questions we even know to ask.''' ,'''All of us from fertile egg to embryo to corpse, are exactly that: warm, wet, furry animals compelled by the sexuality of our forefathers and foremothers to be, either directly or indirectly, our own exciting and excitable, provocative and provocable selves.''' ,'''Body concentrates order. It continuously self-repairs. Every five days you get a new stomach lining. You get a new liver every two months. Your skin replaces itself every six weeks. Every year, 98 percent of the atoms of your body are replaced. This non-stop chemical replacement, metabolism, is a sure sign of life.''' ,'''Despite our very recent appearance on the planet, humanity combines arrogance with increasing material demands, even as we become more numerous. Our toughness is a delusion. Have we the intelligence and discipline to vigilantly guard against our tendency to grow without limit?''' ,]
+++