+++
author = "Andre Villas-Boas"
title = "Andre Villas-Boas Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Andre Villas-Boas Quotes"
keywords = "andre villas-boas,andre villas-boas quotes,andre villas-boas quote,andre villas-boas sayings,andre villas-boas saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't see myself as a one-man show.''' ,'''I think, in the Premier League we have a situation where contacts happen more often than in Europe and the direction of the attack changes more frequently from one team to the other.''' ,'''In the Champions League I'm no expert. Pep is the expert, he's won it twice as a manager.''' ,'''I think if you don't have a style, it makes you invisible in football.''' ,'''We don't see the game as a tactical game.''' ,'''I think sometimes drive and ambition of individuals should not be confused as arrogance, and sometimes Cristiano gets that tag on him.''' ,'''I am not the clone of anyone.''' ,'''I'm not a religious person, so I just hold on to my self-belief and the belief in my players' talents.''' ,'''I work of my own accord. I don't want to work with restraints or worry what Jose thinks.''' ,'''I want to discover Japanese culture and Japanese football.''' ,'''I am linked with Jose because we worked together, but I don't go out of my way to talk about it. We are 'different people, have 'different 'personalities and different views on the game.''' ,'''We have to improve on a weekly basis, on a game-to-game basis.''' ,'''I have become more versatile after the Chelsea experience.''' ,'''In professional football you have to live day-to-day.''' ,'''My passion for football makes me live it very intensively over 11 months and dedicate myself to that, but I think life allows you to enjoy other things.''' ,'''I do not know where my career will take me.''' ,'''I want success. I have expectations and want to look back on a career I can be proud of.''' ,'''I think I just want to have a career I can be proud of, whenever it finishes.''' ,'''Football isn't won by one person but by collective competence. It is the quality of the players and the structure of the club.''' ,'''You always have to be very, very careful with statistics. It doesn't mean that we negate them completely; we just don't use them to the extent that people might think.''' ,'''The Chelsea experience was too much too soon. I wasn't flexible as a manager at that time. I was communicative, but I wasn't flexible in my approach.''' ,'''Only by learning from experiences are you able to deal with them better the next time.''' ,'''Everybody likes attacking football; the Premiership is the most exciting league in the world.''' ,'''England was bad for me, I was not flexible in my ideas.''' ,'''I have never used Prozone.''' ,'''The team is more important than any individual.''' ,'''Playing in Italy and scoring goals is difficult.''' ,'''Having, and building, a team that plays good football is important.''' ,'''The mind and how the player feels is much more important for us, rather than statistical data.''' ,'''The spotlight is something that I don't think is disturbing to me. It doesn't disturb me whatsoever.''' ,'''I love having the mountains nearby so I can get on the motorbike or bike and get off to go for a walk.''' ,'''I want to play the Champions League with Marseille, but I want to know how much we are economically dependent on our project.''' ,'''The club is more important than any individual.''' ,'''The Premier League is guided by this dynamic: ball lost - ball recovered - ball lost again. That makes matches unpredictable, teams must be objective and behave like that because that's what excites fans.''' ,'''I didn't take the Porto job nor the Chelsea job because Jose made the same steps.''' ,'''I say it sincerely, I'm fine in Marseille, I don't want to look for other clubs or other options.''' ,'''The objective is the group performance, but every single individual requires a different response from a manager - you can't be the same person to each player.''' ,'''I'm a manager who respects club policy.''' ,'''Managers have different leadership styles and ways to go about their business. But in the end it doesn't matter if the manager is old-fashioned, old school or always looking towards the future.''' ,'''Coaching in England was a positive experience but also many negative things happened.''' ,'''To put in doubt the leadership of Sepp Blatter as FIFA president is not for me to say or managers to say.''' ,'''I'm no dictator. I encourage freedom of choice in football.''' ,'''Pep was always an inspiration to me when I left Inter because of his methodology, and the way he plays such fantastic football.''' ,'''I don't solve problems on my own. I solve them with my group of people and my group of players.''' ,'''I have no problem dropping players.''' ,'''I love the unpredictable part of the game.''' ,'''In football and paper things look different but surprises happen, it's why I don't believe in having a favorites role in every game we play because the unpredictable can happen.''' ,'''I am a person who always puts the team in front and I do it publicly.''' ,'''Players can only achieve their true 'potential if they are not 'shackled and are able to stand on their own two feet.''' ,'''Ideally when you set up for the first game of the season... to have put the team to bed would be the ideal situation.''' ,'''Regarding why I left Inter, it was because I wanted the extra edge to fulfil my ambitions as a professional coach, so I took the risk to find my own job at Academica.''' ,'''In my formative moments, working with Jose was the best time of my life. I was able to learn many things and working with him takes you to another level. You fall in love with him and he becomes your idol. I wanted to be like him, know everything that he knew and absorb all the information he was giving. Then you fall on the wrong side of Jose.''' ,'''I've had my fill of media sensationalism and false promises.''' ,'''In Porto, when we were preparing, the players guessed the team that was going to play.''' ,'''Returning to England is definitely not in my plans. I had talks with Liverpool, a club I admire a lot, but like I said it's not in my plans, although life takes many turns.''' ,'''You don't expect opposition fans to praise the other players.''' ,'''I am an individual who has that hunger for success and I want to keep it that way.''' ,'''I'm not a guy who is able to criticise anyone in public but I am not a guy who promotes individuals in public.''' ,'''I am not arrogant. I would never ask the player to celebrate with me.''' ,'''I have been following the Dakar since childhood. I always wanted to do it.''' ,'''Only teams with style succeed. But, in the end, success is normally what matters in modern Europe.''' ,'''I just want to make my players give their most. I give them room to express themselves because that's how they develop. I promote their talent and let them make their own decisions.''' ,'''I got an offer from Paris Saint-Germain, who wanted me, but I said no out of love for Tottenham. Maybe that was a mistake.''' ,'''Creativity in my players is important.''' ,'''We can't think after every win that we're playing as we want just because we won a match.''' ,'''I think persistence and resilience are very important.''' ,'''Celebrations are for the players to express themselves.''' ,'''I strongly believe that'players have to express themselves to their full potential, they must be able to make choices during the game.''' ,'''What we have been doing at Tottenham with my staff is a reaction to the mistakes we made at Chelsea. We did not do everything wrong there, but we could have done better.''' ,'''This game is based on good values more than anything else.''' ,'''By the time that I left Porto I had a few offers, and I probably chose the club that I shouldn't have gone to.''' ,'''I wouldn't criticise Carlo Ancelotti.''' ,'''I've been very well received by all the people I've met in St. Petersburg.''' ,'''Tottenham set a points and victories record in my first season, missed out on the Champions League by one point and had a great run in the Europa League. In the second season, at the time I left we had more points than in the previous campaign.''' ,'''To compete in the Dakar Rally is a lifetime ambition for me and is something I know I have to do.''' ,'''Everyone around the world watches Bayern.''' ,'''Good players make the difference.''' ,'''To be persistent and to have courage is important to get through difficult times and to achieve what you want to achieve.''' ,'''That image is now associated with the Portuguese coaches: the ability to adapt, to arrive and win, to assemble good teams and good structures is undoubtedly one of our brands and I think that's the main fact for which we are most respected around the world.''' ,'''I spent seven years with Jose and we were part of a very good technical staff. We went to top class clubs at Porto, Chelsea and Inter Milan and worked with top players who gave us such a tremendous volume of success.''' ,'''I told players that when we score a goal, the bench lives through the same emotions and we celebrate with them, with the same desire.''' ,'''The Premier League is a circus, it's constantly changing. It's full of emotion, ups and downs, unpredictability and this makes it the spectacle that it is.''' ,'''It is about the players that take us to success. When they feel your convictions you can sell them your ideas a bit better and take them to important results.''' ,'''After Chelsea it was important to choose somewhere I was surrounded with the right people and commitment.''' ,'''I learned to be more flexible when I went from Chelsea to Tottenham. I always thought more in the long run without thinking in the short term.''' ,'''I'm very happy at Porto. It's the city I grew up in. It is my own club and I don't think it is easy to leave it.''' ,'''I have a passion for motorsports.''' ,'''I don't see a lack of quality in Bundesliga. It's competitive and has good players. I am a huge fan of Thomas Muller in particular. He sums up German players. He's disciplined, versatile and always dangerous in front of the goal.''' ,'''Racing runs in the blood of my family and my dream was to do the Dakar one day.''' ,'''Tottenham Hotspur is a great club with a strong tradition and fantastic support, both at home and throughout the world.''' ,'''If you are a dictator of choices, players won't be able to explore their possibilities to the full. You have to be able to free them.''' ,'''There has to be a level of entertainment. But the trophy cabinet is something that is more visible.''' ,'''Sometimes whatever you say to players is not enough to convince them your choice is the right one.''' ,'''There are a lot of seasons when Porto have been outstanding.''' ,'''You have to remain ambitious and have dreams.''' ,'''Strong teams are consistent when they have their best players available - you always want a stronger team than the one before.''' ,'''Tottenham I really enjoyed the first year, and by the time I left we had almost as many points as in the season before when we broke the points record. But these are things that people don't evaluate, only I know about.''' ,'''I'm a peculiar type.''' ,'''When a person assumes he has made a mistake, it's for all of us to accept a mistake was made.''' ,'''Qualifying for the Champions League is not possible without a player like Dimitri Payet.''' ,]
+++