+++
author = "Swami Sivananda"
title = "Swami Sivananda Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Swami Sivananda Quotes"
keywords = "swami sivananda,swami sivananda quotes,swami sivananda quote,swami sivananda sayings,swami sivananda saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Desire nothing, give up all desires and be happy.''' ,'''It is divinity that shapes, not only your ends, but also your acts, your words and thoughts.''' ,'''Do not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill your mind with grief, regret and depression. Do not repeat them in the future.''' ,'''Desire is poverty. Desire is the greatest impurity of the mind. Desire is the motive force for action. Desire in the mind is the real impurity. Even a spark of desire is a very great evil.''' ,'''Practice meditation regularly. Meditation leads to eternal bliss. Therefore meditate, meditate.''' ,'''A desire arises in the mind. It is satisfied immediately another comes. In the interval which separates two desires a perfect calm reigns in the mind. It is at this moment freed from all thought, love or hate. Complete peace equally reigns between two mental waves.''' ,'''The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph. Self-realization demands very great struggle.''' ,'''Moral values, and a culture and a religion, maintaining these values are far better than laws and regulations.''' ,'''Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.''' ,'''Humility is not cowardice. Meekness is not weakness. Humility and meekness are indeed spiritual powers.''' ,'''Thinking of disease constantly will intensify it. Feel always 'I am healthily in body and mind'.''' ,'''Go beyond science, into the region of metaphysics. Real religion is beyond argument. It can only be lived both inwardly and outwardly.''' ,'''Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in Eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.''' ,'''Your duty is to treat everybody with love as a manifestation of the Lord.''' ,'''Meditation is painful in the beginning but it bestows immortal Bliss and supreme joy in the end.''' ,'''God is all-full. He is self-contained. He is eternal satisfaction.''' ,'''The real spiritual progress of the aspirant is measured by the extent to which he achieves inner tranquility.''' ,'''Forget like a child any injury done by somebody immediately. Never keep it in the heart. It kindles hatred.''' ,'''A mountain is composed of tiny grains of earth. The ocean is made up of tiny drops of water. Even so, life is but an endless series of little details, actions, speeches, and thoughts. And the consequences whether good or bad of even the least of them are far-reaching.''' ,'''There is no end of craving. Hence contentment alone is the best way to happiness. Therefore, acquire contentment.''' ,'''Terrible is the fight put up by the senses. Fight bravely! Conquer them you must.''' ,'''If you do not know the laws of right conduct, you cannot form your character.''' ,'''Complete peace equally reigns between two mental waves.''' ,'''Life is a pilgrimage. The wise man does not rest by the roadside inns. He marches direct to the illimitable domain of eternal bliss, his ultimate destination.''' ,'''Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.''' ,'''There is something good in all seeming failures. You are not to see that now. Time will reveal it. Be patient.''' ,'''Do not love leisure. Waste not a minute. Be bold. Realize the Truth, here and now!''' ,'''Today is your own. Tomorrow perchance may never come.''' ,'''Always do good to others. Be selfless. Mentally remove everything and be free. This is divine life. This is the direct way to Moksha or salvation.''' ,]
+++