+++
author = "Jane O'Meara Sanders"
title = "Jane O'Meara Sanders Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Jane O'Meara Sanders Quotes"
keywords = "jane o'meara sanders,jane o'meara sanders quotes,jane o'meara sanders quote,jane o'meara sanders sayings,jane o'meara sanders saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've never done gender politics - I think our vote is too important to give away on any single issue.''' ,'''There was a sense in the country, that we felt palpably from people, that, yes, we've made progress in some areas, but many of us have been left behind, and nobody is speaking to us.''' ,'''I was a strong supporter of Montessori when my kids were very little. I homeschooled for a year, and then we did public school all the way through for the kids. I went to Catholic and public school depending on where I lived.''' ,'''I think with empathy... It's more looking out at the people. And that includes the Republicans, you know the people that might be opposed to us. Trying to understand why is it that they want what they want. And then how do we find common ground. I mean sometimes there is no common ground to be had if it's only about profit.''' ,'''I've worked with Bernie before all of his other advisers have. We're best friends, and we've been colleagues, and now we're husband and wife, and grandparents together, and parents.''' ,'''There's a lot of individual credit and blame in a capitalist society.''' ,'''In 1981, I was a community organizer.''' ,'''In America, the middle class, the working class, have accepted for too long now, that they should accept less.''' ,'''Whether it's a church or politics or a corporation or a college or anywhere, leadership matters.''' ,'''If Bernie has seven sweaters, that's three too many for him.''' ,'''Bernie doesn't own a tuxedo.''' ,'''I think that education is something - it takes place in the classroom. It's all up to that teacher. We should be respecting and rewarding teachers.''' ,'''The Sanders Institute will not be taking any potshots at people.''' ,'''My brother was an equestrian champion.''' ,'''Democracy is not always chapter and verse, written out in advance.''' ,'''I used to make fun of people who talked about going home and all that. I hadn't really thought about it at all, but I just teared up when I saw Ireland. I felt a kinship.''' ,'''A vital democracy requires an informed electorate, civil discourse, and bold thinking.''' ,'''We want people to be less stressed about having health care and being able to afford health care or at-home care for their elderly parents.''' ,'''I tend to not worry and waste time on hypotheticals.''' ,'''No Child Left Behind was a disaster.''' ,'''For me, the focus has to be on the individual, the worker, not on profit margins, not on stock returns, but on how do we have a wonderful community in the State of Vermont that has good jobs that keep our kids here and keeps our communities healthy.''' ,'''We live by the golden rule: Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.''' ,'''The media characterizes every conversation as an adversarial one.''' ,'''Visiting Ireland reminded me of when I first arrived in Vermont. I thought, This is home.''' ,'''What Trump is doing is a lot more than just talking, tweets. He is rolling back regulations, standards, destroying lives. This has to be stopped.''' ,'''It's very important that the issues that Bernie is talking about are carried forward and he is intending to do that. Winning the presidency is not enough.''' ,'''I think the American people, through the healthy exchange of ideas, understood that they could do better as a country, in terms of healthcare, affordable education, affordable housing.''' ,'''It seems very unfair that people cannot have adequate health care.''' ,'''I am a voter. I have one vote, yet you're a superdelegate and count for thousands and thousands of votes. That doesn't make any sense at all.''' ,'''One person, one vote' is what democracy is supposed to be about.''' ,'''I think when people are having a hard time, we tend to blame ourselves and think we can do better. Bernie is giving rise to their understanding that this is not an individual problem, this is a systemic problem.''' ,'''I think that as many Catholics, you have a complicated relationship with the church. When my brother died, I felt like there couldn't be a God. I just felt that way and for a couple of years, I just felt turned away from the church.''' ,'''When your spouse becomes a congressperson, you have to adjust your entire life if you want to stay married.''' ,'''The more people are exposed to the same thing, the more it seems acceptable.''' ,'''Climate change is real, and the fossil fuel industry is pouring tons and tons of money into campaign contributions. That's something to be angry about.''' ,'''It was great growing up in Brooklyn. The neighborhood was the street. Everybody would get together after school. Somebody would sit out on a stoop and then five other people, 10 other people would come out - a game of stickball or stoopball or dodgeball - all revolved around a basketball or dodgeball. We had fun.''' ,'''People believe in Bernie, people trust him, people respect him, they know he says what he means, he means what he says, so if you're trying to defeat him in an election, what you're trying to do is create doubts about that.''' ,'''I have seen Bernie deliver for the people that need him, no matter who the people were. And always, he does what is right.''' ,'''What we're looking for in a president, most importantly, is leadership. A person that will actually stand up and fight for the middle class.''' ,'''What we need to offer is a vision for the future that addresses the needs of the American people and the direction they want to go in.''' ,'''Superdelegates, first off, I think, are silly.''' ,]
+++