+++
author = "Oona Chaplin"
title = "Oona Chaplin Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Oona Chaplin Quotes"
keywords = "oona chaplin,oona chaplin quotes,oona chaplin quote,oona chaplin sayings,oona chaplin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I loved being on stage, but I told myself that if I didn't get into RADA, I wouldn't pursue an acting career. I did get in, though, and that was that.''' ,'''My grandmother died in 1991 and I was born in '86. We only met once, but I didn't speak English and she didn't speak Spanish - so we had a communication problem.''' ,'''I don't buy things now, I buy plane tickets. The only thing I want is to make enough money to be able to travel with my children.''' ,'''My mother doesn't have much of a social life with other A-list people. Which in a way I'm very grateful for, because if I do make something of my career I will be able to say it wasn't because I was a Chaplin.''' ,'''Watching yourself on screen is always a little weird, but I didn't cringe when I saw myself on 'The Hour.' It actually exceeded my expectations; every shot looks like a vintage postcard and even my most brutally honest friends have said they think it's good.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of David Attenborough, who I think is the most adventurous of the nature program presenters.''' ,'''People think that I can just walk into a room and get a job, but of the 200 interviews and auditions I go through a year, I may get three yeses. I just have to use my sense of humour to get me through.''' ,'''My flat in Ladbroke Grove, west London, is in the best building in the world. It's like a commune - everyone gets on - and on Friday evenings I often cook us all dinner.''' ,'''As I don't know what life would be like without my Chaplin connections, I work with them. I'm just really happy it's a family I can be proud of; it's not as if I'm related to some Z-list celebrity.''' ,'''I love boxing. I box in a local boxing gym in London. I usually spar. But I've done two fights and I lost both of them admirably. I didn't realize how much it would hurt for them to actually hit me.''' ,'''When people say 'Charlie Chaplin' I still think now of the guy in the moustache and bowler hat and funny walk - I don't think of an old man who was my grandfather.''' ,'''I have to go through auditions, and my surname has got me into rooms, but I'll never know if it gets me any jobs. There's a lot of sexism and objectification, and a lot of people put you down.''' ,'''I'm part Cuban, so anything with a good beat like Rumberos de Cuba gets me going.''' ,]
+++