+++
author = "Susanna Hoffs"
title = "Susanna Hoffs Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Susanna Hoffs Quotes"
keywords = "susanna hoffs,susanna hoffs quotes,susanna hoffs quote,susanna hoffs sayings,susanna hoffs saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''That was the big lesson for all of us. Everything was going great on paper, but we all became miserable because we were so caught up in the machinery of how you make that happen, it took away the sheer joy.''' ,'''I've had a lot of fun watching my husband's wonderful career as a filmmaker unfold and all the interesting places we've been and people we've met. It's just been a really enjoyable ride.''' ,'''In theater and dance, I was trying to win someone's approval, trying to get in, trying to be good. It felt out of my control, whereas music suddenly felt like this free expression. It was fun.''' ,'''There are definitely some stories worth telling and I think there's something to be said for telling your story.''' ,'''I think the culture today is very, very different from what it was in the '60s, and I feel lucky that I grew up at a time when I had these very strong female role models.''' ,'''I basically taught myself how to sing and play by copying records, and that's just how it was for me. I know that's true for a lot of budding musicians out there - that's the thing that gets them inspired, is trying to learn their favorite songs. I think it's a great way to teach yourself.''' ,'''There are different chemistries you can have in different bands, and part of that's caused by the gender.''' ,'''I still wear minis and cardigans, but I think I'll steer away from shoulder pads.''' ,'''Oh, well, I'd like to have commercial success. I guess.''' ,'''We worked so hard we almost stopped enjoying it.''' ,'''I like singing in harmony - I like not having to sing every song.''' ,'''I don't read music, which is a shame, actually, and I shouldn't even speak of it because it's embarrassing, but it's true.''' ,'''I went to UC Berkeley for college, and it was during the period when the whole punk movement was happening.''' ,'''I can't express how wonderful it is to get feedback when you've been sort of in a bubble working on something and then you release it to the world and hope for the best. It's like the birth of a musical baby.''' ,'''My hair is naturally curly, and in the 80's, even though I experimented with different lengths, I generally wore it curly. Since then, I've learned how to use a blow dryer and flat iron.''' ,'''You realize you can get good at something, even though ballet almost felt like you could never be good enough. No matter how hard you worked, it was so hard to be a great dancer.''' ,]
+++