+++
author = "Lisa Ling"
title = "Lisa Ling Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Lisa Ling Quotes"
keywords = "lisa ling,lisa ling quotes,lisa ling quote,lisa ling sayings,lisa ling saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a big Ping-Pong addict. I love it.''' ,'''I don't cook anything.''' ,'''I don't remember my first trip, but I do remember when my mom took me to Disney World in Orlando. It wasn't the rides but Epcot Center that most fascinated me. It made me want to see those countries that are represented there for real.''' ,'''You should treat your marriage like a business that you wouldn't want to let fail. I'm a big advocate of therapy and third-party intervention.''' ,'''Try to accomplish things you have always dreamt of while you can. I know it sounds cliche, but the biggest lesson I have learned is that life is precious; enjoy it while it lasts.''' ,'''I started running when I was 21 years old and studying in China.''' ,'''Coming from an Asian culture, I was always taught to respect my elders, to be a better listener than a talker.''' ,'''My first job in TV was hosting this young teen magazine show, and all these high school teenagers showed up from all over Sacramento, California, and they chose four of us to host the show, two boys and two girls. And of the two girls, I was kind of the perky smart one and the other girl was the pretty one.''' ,'''I never run hills. My quads are already big enough. I don't run to build muscle; I do it for cardio.''' ,'''I like crunchy things like Baked Lays.''' ,'''I'm determined to raise a strong girl.''' ,'''We live in a culture where we're bombarded with so much noise and so much insecurity.''' ,'''When you take the time to understand why your parents did the things they did, you stand a good chance of learning more about your own behavior.''' ,'''At the end of the day, TV is supposed to be entertaining. But it's important for me that there's some take-away value from it.''' ,'''Personally, I've always known that I wanted to go back to work because I'm confident, and I'm certain that my daughter will have a better mother in me if I'm doing the things that I'm excited about and that I'm passionate about.''' ,'''It is said that the way to prevent obesity is not to allow kids to become overweight in the first place. But it takes a multi-pronged approach that has to start with parents. Kids are just too young to understand the consequences of obesity.''' ,'''I had a planned C-section, and I cried the entire day before I had the baby.''' ,'''I used to be so twig skinny that I couldn't eat enough, because I was just naturally skinny. Until I went to China.''' ,'''I have a zillion bottles of hot sauce. I love Trader Joe's jalapeno. The whole right side of my fridge is filled with hot sauce.''' ,'''I hope my desire to travel so much isn't forever because it's not the most conducive lifestyle for a relationship or a family by any means.''' ,'''I had my issues with the Kardashians, absolutely. I think there's so much wrong with how they are the most revered family in the country, but they are, nevertheless.''' ,'''Very often, overweight children have parents who are struggling with weight issues.''' ,'''There are so many factors to lead to a child becoming obese.''' ,'''My hope is that I can somehow raise the level of consciousness about world events.''' ,'''People are starting to know more about it, but I was blown away by Almaty, Kazakhstan. It's like a future Swiss Alps. It has the potential to be an extraordinary ski resort. It is a city with beautiful mountain scapes.''' ,'''I think that's something people need to convey because you see all these celebrity moms out there, and the perception is they can do it all, but they have sooo much help. And it's kind of an unfair image to project for many women, because it is really hard, and if you have help, you should indicate you have help.''' ,'''Make your relationship your number-one priority.''' ,'''The best education I have ever received was through travel.''' ,'''One of the most important things I'm glad we did and am proud of is that we don't have any real grass on our property. It might not be realistic to ask people to pull out their grass, but we'll never have to think about it. We used Smart Grass, and I think it looks beautiful.''' ,'''There's so much grey to every story - nothing is so black and white.''' ,'''I have not watched 'Honey Boo Boo'.''' ,'''I don't know that I'm going to entirely do cloth diapers. I'd like to be ambitious about it, but in all honesty, I can't say that I will.''' ,'''There are so many kids in this world, and in this country, that need homes. And so we're perfectly content to look into adoption one day, if for some reason we aren't able to have a biological child.''' ,'''I honestly never had the biological need to reproduce until I met my husband. But by the same token, even if we were unsuccessful, we were totally okay with adopting.''' ,'''The city of Oia is the most magnificently romantic place I've ever been.''' ,'''I hadn't wanted to have a kid until I met my partner.''' ,'''Our time on Earth is so random.''' ,'''My husband and I try to spend some time every night that I'm home talking without distractions.''' ,'''I fancy myself as being a fairly competent person.''' ,'''I started working in television quite young, actually, and I definitely felt very insecure about what I looked like.''' ,'''Parents are working more than ever before and unable to monitor what kids are eating at home, and schools are selling astronomical amounts of junk food in order to supplement shrinking budgets. It's a ticking time bomb, and America's children are exploding.''' ,'''I am a crazy online shopper. My husband always jokes, 'Another box arrived!' Airplanes used to be my sanctuary for reading books, but now I have to peruse Gilt sales.''' ,'''We are such a product of our upbringing and environment.''' ,'''We're doing a partial green nursery and trying as hard as we can to do as much organic stuff for our nursery as we can.''' ,]
+++