+++
author = "Colleen Ballinger"
title = "Colleen Ballinger Quotes"
quotes_len = "79"
description = "the best 79 Colleen Ballinger Quotes"
keywords = "colleen ballinger,colleen ballinger quotes,colleen ballinger quote,colleen ballinger sayings,colleen ballinger saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As a vocal performance major, I went to school with a lot of singers who were cocky and not very nice.''' ,'''Whenever a hater said they hated something about Miranda, I'd do it more.''' ,'''I think we all have a little crazy in us.''' ,'''My brain is a pretty intense, wacky place, and that's kind of where Miranda lives. But that's why I like the rest of my life and my stuff to be more clean, white, and simple without a lot of clutter.''' ,'''Getting onstage and trying out all of my material and what works well with audiences and what doesn't, what works well in different atmospheres, has been the best training.''' ,'''It's fun to just be an awful human being.''' ,'''I have a whole new perspective on pregnancy and motherhood now that I'm experiencing it. Just because it's so hard and so confusing and so exciting. Women are so amazing that their bodies can do this and that they're strong enough to do this. I can't believe almost every woman goes through this, because it's so hard.''' ,'''A lot of people think most YouTubers are just untalented kids who film themselves for four minutes, and that's all they do for their week.''' ,'''It fascinated me, these kids who would sit in their living room or bedroom or kitchen and sing to the camera and act out the song fully as though they were onstage. Because a lot of musical theater kids... do that alone in your bedroom when you're a kid. But for someone to go and put that online? That's just so embarrassing!''' ,'''I want to tell Miranda's story more broadly than what I have been in these five-minute videos on the Internet. She can live in a longer format.''' ,'''The thing I needed to learn about Miranda was where her motivation comes from when she gets upset. There's been a few times where Miranda's a brat or crying online, and it seems very surface level, and I think that I needed to learn where her insecurities came from, because online she just comes across as kind of bratty.''' ,'''Everything was based on my life and the way I grew up. Some of the bits I'm most proud of in 'Haters Back Off' actually happened.''' ,'''I'm the luckiest girl in the world.''' ,'''When I was in college and reading music and doing ear training, I was a little more advanced than the other people in my choir classes. So to entertain myself and kind of annoy the friends around me, I would sing just under the pitch or just above the pitch.''' ,'''People didn't go on YouTube to get famous back when I started.''' ,'''I definitely think we're living in a world or generation where we need constant gratification and adoration with Instagram and likes, and we base everything on attention.''' ,'''Life isn't always wonderful.''' ,'''I have no hard feelings towards Disneyland. I love Disneyland so much. I want to go every day. I loved every single day that I worked there.''' ,'''The process of getting into Miranda mode is simply making sure I'm as gross as possible. I make sure I'm wearing funky clothes and a lot of lipstick, and I'm good to go.''' ,'''I watched a lot of old movies, and a lot of Carol Burnett and Andy Kaufman.''' ,'''As much as I love L.A., I don't want to live in L.A. I feel very congested when I'm in the city.''' ,'''My fans are my family. I love them so much.''' ,'''The only reason I have any success at all in my career is because of the Internet.''' ,'''I share more than most people probably do online.''' ,'''Miranda's my character; I created her! But there's a lot of comedy I want to bring to the world that isn't just Miranda.''' ,'''I couldn't comprehend why someone would film themselves alone in their bedroom and put it online. I thought that was so bizarre. Now I can't imagine not putting my life online and talking to a camera alone in my bedroom; it's become my life.''' ,'''I feel so lucky to have the career that I have. I can travel the world and be a goofball and make people laugh.''' ,'''Oftentimes, when I'm trying to get inspired, I'll find myself just staring at the wall and let the fans inspire me to get creative.''' ,'''On YouTube, I've stayed very limited with what I've been willing to share, so it's been very surface-level with Miranda.''' ,'''I would do whatever the haters said they didn't like. They'd say, 'I don't like your lipstick,' so I'd put on more.''' ,'''I've seen every episode of 'Seinfeld.'''' ,'''I am obsessed with my viewers.''' ,'''I trained to sing well, but now I sing poorly for a living. That was money well spent.''' ,'''I love music, and playing ukulele and singing makes me really happy.''' ,'''I've always done YouTube myself: everything is written, edited, produced, and promoted by myself.''' ,'''Fans like to give me things they think Miranda would like.''' ,'''I travel a lot for work and have people waiting outside my hotel or call my room constantly or show up at whatever restaurant I'm eating at because I Snapchatted. It is a little terrifying.''' ,'''With 'Haters Back Off,' I'm creating something that I want to make, and I'm not focused on, 'Is this gonna trend, is this gonna be popular?' I'm just focused on telling the story.''' ,'''I chose to share my life online, so I can't really complain about it. There's not much that's off limits.''' ,'''I got a lot of hate mail, and that's where the term 'haters back off' came from because I got all this hate.''' ,'''It's been hard being on the Internet and not being respected by people in Hollywood.''' ,'''People ask me if I'm worried that I'm going to be stuck in Miranda forever. I'm not, because how could I complain about what I've been given?''' ,'''I've always been very open and very honest with my fans. I want them to know that I'm genuine, and I am who I am, and I'm not faking it for the camera.''' ,'''I really tried to take advantage of my 15 minutes of fame. And I've gotten lucky - those 15 minutes have become several years.''' ,'''When Miranda first started becoming popular, not many people knew who she was. People were confused by her. They thought she was a real person. I got a lot of interesting responses.''' ,'''Miranda is confidently untalented at singing. Very off-putting. Shrill. But she thinks she's wonderful, so power to her.''' ,'''Even before I was in New York, I couldn't even count how many places I lived in L.A. Definitely over 10.''' ,'''To have the ability to look back on the problems that weren't big problems after all is something I think we can all learn from.''' ,'''Miranda's this girl that everyone's just laughed at online for years. I want people to empathize with her.''' ,'''I think for me, the best comedy comes from when something feels real and genuine, so even though Miranda is this wacky character, there is a real vulnerability to her that we finally get to show in 'Haters Back Off,' and I think that's what makes this comedy rich and more fulfilling, at least for me.''' ,'''I don't regret anything I've put out there.''' ,'''In the beginning, people watched me to hate on me. They thought Miranda was a real person. People just couldn't understand why this strange girl was so confident. And then slowly, I started getting fans.''' ,'''I started out poking fun at this YouTube thing.''' ,'''I'm pretty sure I don't want a camera in my face when I am in labor.''' ,'''How it works: it's like I have a tour, so there's, you know, some income from that. We have merchandise. There's income from that. Then on YouTube, there's ad revenue... so, you know, YouTube puts ads on the videos, and we need a little bit of that.''' ,'''I love every Netflix original series, because they're so creative and different, and they really believe in trusting the creators of these shows and in their vision and passion.''' ,'''There are a lot of people who don't respect what I do.''' ,'''Clowns are meant to make people smile. That's my goal.''' ,'''I always admired Netflix's business model; they are really good at what they do.''' ,'''I've been singing since I was a little girl.''' ,'''My fans have been so sweet and supportive.''' ,'''I have always wanted to tell Miranda's backstory. To me, it's so fascinating that as a YouTuber, everyone knows what we show them. No one knows what goes on when the cameras are off. I always thought, what would Miranda do in her time off?''' ,'''I've spent 10 years checking my analytics on my end to see what people were talking about and what they like.''' ,'''Miranda is extremely tacky. I personally want to edit my videos well, but I have to keep Miranda's character in mind, so there are bad angles, flashy cuts, and sparkles everywhere.''' ,'''Nobody knows what goes on behind the scenes with a YouTuber.''' ,'''For me, Miranda has always been a much deeper character than the three-minute videos I put online.''' ,'''My audience is like my family at this point.''' ,'''The fact that I went from making a minute-and-a-half video in my bedroom to doing an hour-and-a-half live show is just crazy.''' ,'''Anyone can sing badly, but to sing badly on purpose and make it believable is harder. I listen for the actual melody in my head but sing right underneath or above it out loud. It takes a lot of concentration.''' ,'''Miranda, my character, cannot sing, cannot act, and is really inappropriate.''' ,'''I love and enjoy vocal performance, but I also have a huge passion for comedy and improv.''' ,'''I have a lot of photos of my grandparents - they're my heroes, even though they've passed away. They were always happy, positive, loving to everyone they met, and a huge inspiration to me and the reason I do what I do.''' ,'''I try my hardest with my live show and YouTube to make it appealing to all ages.''' ,'''I'm always so terrified that tomorrow no one will watch me anymore or care anymore. Every day, I say that I can't believe this is happening. It's so crazy. Because of that, it makes me work so hard every single day.''' ,'''I'm very open with my life, and I don't regret it because it's what got me here.''' ,'''My favorite movies were 'Singin' in the Rain' and stuff that had a more classic comedy type feel, that more slapsticky stuff. It's the comedy I've gravitated towards.''' ,'''I hope that memes jump out of our computers in the future.''' ,'''The things that I gravitate toward in film and TV are things that make me laugh but then break my heart.''' ,'''Miranda was built by her haters.''' ,]
+++