+++
author = "Eva Marie"
title = "Eva Marie Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Eva Marie Quotes"
keywords = "eva marie,eva marie quotes,eva marie quote,eva marie sayings,eva marie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Keeping this red hair is not simple.''' ,'''I think the hustle is just in my blood - always hungry, never satisfied.''' ,'''You never know, I could show up on a 'Monday Night Raw,' I could come down to 'SmackDown Live' and snatch that title real quick. Never leave me out, you never know what's creeping around the corner, if you know what I mean.''' ,'''I think Levi's Stadium is phenomenal.''' ,'''I would love to throw out the first pitch at AT&T Park at a San Francisco Giants' game.''' ,'''Triple H has definitely been helping me out, and I appreciate that. I bounce ideas off of him.''' ,'''I definitely keep things very professional.''' ,'''I think the thing that stands out for me is that in the WWE, we were in a new city every night.''' ,'''I think no matter what or no matter who you are you're always going to get some type of negativity, whatever that may be.''' ,'''To be a part of a 'WrestleMania' is so amazing, it's the biggest show that we put on besides 'SummerSlam.'''' ,'''My first time in New York City was for 'Wrestlemania' at MetLife Stadium. It was an insanely-awesome experience and I fell in love with the city.''' ,'''In 'Big Brother,' it's hard to really trust anybody because 99 per cent of the time, that person is going behind your back.''' ,'''I myself have gone through a lot of trials and tribulations with insecurity and body dysmorphia, and stuff like that.''' ,'''I got my developmental deal first, and I got 'Total Divas.' Everything from there it just went, boom! I was living my life on reality TV. I had to perform for WWE as well as show that to the whole world.''' ,'''It think some of my biggest fans are from the U.K.''' ,'''There needs to be a little change in the Divas Division. I'll add some red spice to it for sure.''' ,'''You have to put your body through a lot of physicality with wrestling.''' ,'''My ultimate goal is to emulate The Rock's career.''' ,'''I went blonde in high school and it was so bad. My complexion and blonde gave that orange look.''' ,'''Being a WWE Diva is all about women empowerment.''' ,'''I love food. Food is my love language.''' ,'''Now that I have the training behind me, I think that really shows I do have the skills and talent to become a well-rounded wrestler.''' ,'''To me that's what's amazing about being a WWE Diva in that you get to be whatever character you want to be and for me being a bad girl is the easiest.''' ,'''I want to motivate and inspire young girls to pursue their dreams, no matter how big they are, and encourage them to never set limitations on what they believe they can achieve.''' ,'''I'm not that cool with people who lie straight to my face multiple times.''' ,'''So I try to follow the Paleo diet, no processed foods - a lot of lean meats, veggies and fruits.''' ,'''In WWE, I focused more on Olympic lifting. I had to make sure that I was physically able to lift another human being at all times.''' ,'''I'm really excited to bring everything that I had learned from NXT and put that into the character on 'SmackDown Live' and be one of the biggest, if not best heels the company has ever seen.''' ,'''My everyday makeup look is super easy and simple: tinted moisturizer, mascara and some bronzer.''' ,'''When I go to the gym I sometimes don't wear any makeup and just have moisturizer on my skin.''' ,'''My favorite word to use to describe myself is relentless.''' ,'''Alcoholism is a disease. People will debate whether it is a disease of the mind, of genetics, or of circumstances. I don't have the answer to that debate, and frankly I don't care because when you try to pinpoint 'why,' it can often lead to blaming another person, an incident in your past, or circumstances.''' ,'''I love the old school wrestling.''' ,'''Wrestling is maybe 10 percent of our job. Everything else is what we do outside the ring and that's really rewarding. I got to go to Afghanistan to visit the troops, work with Special Olympics, it's just one of those jobs that's once in a lifetime and we're lucky to do it.''' ,'''I'm going after the Divas Title for sure.''' ,'''NFL, NBA, they all have off-seasons. Wrestling doesn't have an off-season. We're on the road 209 days out of the year, performing in different cities every single night.''' ,'''I'm a bronzer girl, for sure. I love to always look golden or like I just stepped off the beach.''' ,'''I try to break a sweat every single day. Whatever that may be, if it's even just going for a walk or a run.''' ,'''I'm super competitive and love to feel that pressure and drive to win!''' ,'''I think always in the back of my head I just have a business mind.''' ,'''Walking into the WWE I was brand new; I did not know how things worked. Deep down I wanted everyone to cheer and adore me but this is the WWE where it doesn't work that way all the time.''' ,'''My goal is to be an innovator, to break boundaries within my industry, and to branch out to multiple other industries.''' ,'''Being a Diva, you're a professional athlete and then you get to entertain. It's the best of every aspect, all in one. That's why I fell in love with it.''' ,'''I just can't be with someone who's afraid to voice their opinions, or who can't butt heads once in a while. I'm a straight shooter, and I think a bit of that spark is healthy in any kind of relationship.''' ,'''We are in the entertainment business so the fans are everything and without them I pretty much don't exist.''' ,'''I mean, no one has ever gotten to see what it's like to be a WWE Diva. Yes, we are all a bunch of athletes and we have to get down on the ring, but we also have to attend photo shoots and red carpets.''' ,'''Some days I'm on top of the world, and nothing can stop me, and I'm Super Woman, but I have trials and tribulations, too.''' ,'''Growing up with three older brothers, I was destined to be a tomboy.''' ,'''Negative energy? Sure, there are awkward moments, but you're in 'Big Brother.' Everybody is trying to win, everybody is trying to form alliances, everybody is trying to kick everybody out of the house. If there wasn't negative energy, then we weren't playing the game.''' ,'''Depending on the day, I might be catching a flight, going to show, but no matter what when I wake up I got to get a workout in.''' ,'''I really want to expand with movies and I would love to land on a TV show, like a Netflix original series, that would be fantastic.''' ,'''I pride myself on not being a fake person.''' ,'''I am the youngest of three brothers so was constantly trying to upstage them all the time growing up, so that's why being a WWE Diva is so fitting for me.''' ,'''You can never hold too much back because no one will ever really capture who the real Eva Marie is.''' ,'''Confidence and ambition are the most attractive qualities to me, and knowing what you want and being upfront about it is a big part of that.''' ,'''The food in New York is absolutely fabulous. There's always something new around the corner!''' ,'''I did every sport and I played soccer in college.''' ,'''It's not like I like to start drama, or go around looking for a fight.''' ,'''At one of the live events somebody had a sign that said 'If Eva Marie Is Here We Riot.' I thought that was pretty cool.''' ,'''The Tom Green I got to witness and see inside the 'Big Brother' house, I would say he was probably the most difficult to live with because he is literally a roller coaster. You don't really know which Tom you are going to get on an hour-to-hour basis. And that was kind of difficult.''' ,'''WWE is like, you can't really get a bigger production as far as traveling wise and what they do on a day to day basis.''' ,'''That's what I wanted to do - wrestle. Everything else that happened - 'Total Divas' and the main roster - came along so quickly.''' ,'''If I wanted my own kids, I would have them myself.''' ,'''When I go home to visit my parents, my mom is your typical Mexican loving mom. She wants to cook and feed everybody.''' ,'''I try to switch things up by going for a bike ride or taking a SoulCycle class.''' ,'''When I dyed my hair red, the first week was traumatic because my pillows, my shower, my towels, my clothes and everything was red.''' ,'''The crowd reaction is something that I definitely love. When I first started if I walked out from behind that curtain and heard a pin drop or deafening silence, then you have to look at switching something up.''' ,'''I indulge in Jell-O, pastries and my husband's home-baked chocolate-chip cookies.''' ,'''WWE Network has been phenomenal for me. It's an amazing directory for not only myself, but for anyone who's into wrestling.''' ,'''My dream was always to be a professional athlete.''' ,'''When I first started in WWE, that was my first time being on social media.''' ,'''I am a 'Big Brother' fan, and I watched the first season of 'Celebrity Big Brother' as well.''' ,'''My biggest Diva moment was truly getting to go to Afghanistan with three other Divas and Superstars, as well as Vince McMahon, to give my thanks to all of the military and what they do. What job do you get that level of fulfillment?''' ,'''I have an addictive personality so anything I do I want to go 110, so even with food I love it. I mean I'm Mexican-Italian so anything around my family is always food-oriented somehow.''' ,'''When I first came into WWE, I got asked to change my hair to blonde just because I was a brand new girl and the Bella Twins had really dark hair and they were Mexican-Italian too so WWE didn't want me to get lost in the mix and start thinking there was a triplet in the mix.''' ,'''My parents are amazing. They support me with whatever I'm doing.''' ,'''Going into an audition or putting yourself on tape, it's not the easiest thing to do especially because an audition is usually a camera and one person and then you have to bring to life this character.''' ,'''I love talking to The Rock. He's done the transition from WWE to the mainstream so well.''' ,'''Sometimes things fall the way you want them, and sometimes they don't.''' ,'''On any given night, you are likely to find me and my husband on the couch battling it out over a videogame.''' ,'''In the ring, you're constantly working out and honing your craft, and you're doing the same thing with acting, too - taking classes and working with vocal coaches.''' ,'''You don't become a wrestler overnight. Like everything, it takes time and I wasn't born in this business.''' ,'''There is nothing better than to have the support of your family.''' ,'''I love using Moroccan Oil. It makes my hair feel great and I love the smell.''' ,'''I went to a 'Divas' search because I live in L.A. It continued from there. The final portion was in-ring training. I fell in love with it the first day.''' ,'''In the morning before all the craziness happens, I make sure to pray, and I'll put aside 10 minutes to meditate. I feel when I do that, I'm able to get through my day a lot better.''' ,'''I wish I did have time to relax, but I'm a Virgo and it's just not in me.''' ,'''Divas who say they don't want to be champion are lying.''' ,'''I'm half Mexican so Mexican food I could just eat every single day.''' ,'''Being on 'Total Divas' definitely prepared me. Because when you're on a reality show, you're used to cameras following you. However, the big difference with 'Big Brother' is they do not turn off.''' ,'''I'm definitely always trying to put my hand in as many things as possible.''' ,'''I'm on the road more than 250 days a year for the WWE. It can be challenging to find time to work out.''' ,'''I'm really thankful for Triple H and our chairman Vince McMahon because when I came back from my surgery I basically was like, 'I want to be the face of this company and I want to bring something to the table.'''' ,'''I love the fact that 'Total Divas' reaches a different demographic than the normal fan base or audience that typically watches 'WWE Monday Night Raw' or 'SmackDown.'''' ,'''I'm a sucker for bacon waffles - they're to die for.''' ,'''It doesn't really matter what ethnicity you are, but I love that I'm bringing light to not only my Mexican side but also my Italian side.''' ,'''I personally was involved in going over to Afghanistan to meet the troops. My father was a marine, so that was just amazing.''' ,'''I'm super fiery. I'm a go-getter. No matter what, I'm relentless at what I do so I feel like that shines through.''' ,]
+++