+++
author = "James A. Moore"
title = "James A. Moore Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 James A. Moore Quotes"
keywords = "james a. moore,james a. moore quotes,james a. moore quote,james a. moore sayings,james a. moore saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Alejandro Colucci has designed covers for my books that stand out, that catch the eye, and that make me, as a reader and consumer, want to know more about the books behind those covers.''' ,'''I am the first to point out that I really am not kind to illustrators. By that, I mean I really don't give that much to work with.''' ,'''Long before I fell in love with writing, I fell in love with reading. Sometimes, honestly, I feel like I'm cheating on my first love when I settle into my office chair to start work on the latest manuscript.''' ,'''Lloyd Alexander's tales were written and published when I was in diapers. Decades later, they remain utterly timeless for me. I cannot recommend them enough.''' ,'''I have to say, Alejandro Colucci is amazing. I had seen his work several times before I started making the connection between the art and the person making it, and when I heard that he was going to work on the cover for 'Seven Forges,' that connection was not yet cemented.''' ,'''Back in my younger years, I read an average of a book a day. That was when I was going to school full time and working a job after school 30 hours or more a week.''' ,'''I've been at this for a while, and to a very real extent, you look at cover art with the same sort of expectation you have for playing slot machines in Vegas. That is to say, you hope to break even and promise yourself not to flinch when all you get is the same sort of mix of fruit that you get in a cup of generic fruit cocktail.''' ,'''Ultimately, Lloyd Alexander's tales of Prydain were enough to make me come back and visit again and again, and each time, I laughed and I wept. Each time. No exceptions.''' ,]
+++