+++
author = "Wayne Static"
title = "Wayne Static Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Wayne Static Quotes"
keywords = "wayne static,wayne static quotes,wayne static quote,wayne static sayings,wayne static saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always written by myself. I've never been in a situation where the whole band sat in a room and wrote a song. I don't work that way.''' ,'''I have my own thing that I do really well, but it's not singing. It's more of a screaming-type thing.''' ,'''I actually re-signed with Warner Bros. on my own. They've been really good to us and all the people over there are great; they love me and I love them. So I'm just sticking with them.''' ,'''I can't afford another Camaro.''' ,'''I feel like my whole life I've been searching for what I want to do, searching for my identity as a musician and a songwriter, and my band's identity.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong: I love the great times I had with Static-X, but sometimes the writing/recording process was frustrating for me.''' ,'''Over the years my voice has been destroyed from excessive touring... and I love it.''' ,'''I did my solo thing for a while and got that out of my system.''' ,'''I just do not understand all of these guys that get married and then want to go spend all of their time with their buddies.''' ,'''You gotta give props to Ozzy as the creator of all evil faces. What would we do in photo sessions if it were not for Ozzy?''' ,'''My passion outside of music is that I am a total gear head. My wife and I own six vehicles, three of which are off-road.''' ,'''We're definitely a metal band. We push a lot of boundaries. But at the core we're a metal band.''' ,'''Nothing in life is free, you always pay in the end.''' ,'''Pighammer' is what I envisioned the first Static-X record to be; trancier, a bigger electronic vibe with more keyboards.''' ,'''Obviously we're not Kiss, but we go out there and jump around like idiots and try to have a good time and entertain people.''' ,'''I'm sure I acted differently after I got married, I know I did. But... people get married and things change. It doesn't mean that the band has to break up.''' ,'''For me, if we're going to have a guitar solo, it needs to be over the top.''' ,'''My hobby is old 4x4's, you know, old Blazers and Broncos and stuff.''' ,'''It gets weird with people wanting to touch my hair and beard boundaries, you know?''' ,'''I don't like to do any editing on guitars. I think the more editing you do, it just takes away from the feel of the performance.''' ,'''I've wanted to do a solo album since 2000 when I was writing songs for the 'Machine' record.''' ,'''For many records, everyone was like, 'Oh, this next record is going to be their last, blah, blah, blah.' But here we are on our sixth full-length studio album and we debut at No. 16. It's obvious we're not going anywhere.''' ,'''The studio can be quite tedious.''' ,'''When I'm in a bad mood, I feel better listening to someone else who sounds like they're in a bad mood. That was especially true when I was a kid, and I was mad at my mom or dad for whatever reason.''' ,'''This 'Pighammer' record is supposed to be a side project. And it just so happens that at the same time I'm recording this record, our contract was up with Warner Bros., so it's time for Static-X to re-sign.''' ,'''I can't imagine that having a child is good for your focus, because it's a tough industry. You have to be very focused. And once you're successful, you have to fight harder to stay on top.''' ,'''We didn't have that big-label push. We weren't the kind of band that our label Warner Bros. Records was going to throw all this money at. Their idea was to support us on the road and see what happens. It was a very slow building process.''' ,'''Any of the bands that came out at the same time as us, they're either gone now, or they got just mega huge, like System of a Down or Incubus.''' ,'''We had an incident back in 2001 where our drummer threw out a drumstick into the crowd and it hit someone in the eye and they were going to sue us. You just always have to be really careful with that kind of stuff.''' ,'''For some reason, I don't spend enough time getting to see my family because I'm always touring or working or whatnot.''' ,'''I'm the opposite of a gearhead. I like simplicity. I use what works, and the only time I change it is when I have to.''' ,'''I like Journey, Bad Company, Soundgarden and Aerosmith.''' ,'''I'm always working on multiple songs at a time.''' ,'''I've been a huge Megadeth fan for years.''' ,'''Obviously, we've proved a lot of skeptics, who thought we'd be gone after a record or two, wrong.''' ,'''We can't seem to put out an album without any drama.''' ,'''I always enjoyed writing music; things pop into my head every day.''' ,'''Mexico scares me. There's no law, there's wild dogs and people driving their ATVs down the street. I like to know I can walk down the street and not be arrested for something dumb and have to pay to get my way out.''' ,'''I don't know how these bands did it back in the '70s when they would crank out two records a year and tour at the same time, which is incredible to me. I have so much respect for all those bands working so hard like that.''' ,'''Even in those early years of Static-X, there was a pattern emerging where I would spend all my free time writing songs for Static-X and the other guys in the band spent their free time working on their other projects.''' ,'''Actually I love asparagus.''' ,'''Rob Zombie was White Zombie and I was Static-X. I wrote and produced everything.''' ,'''After the 2009 'Cult Of Static' touring cycle ended, I felt that, as a band, Static-X had accomplished everything we set out to accomplish, and now I could finally take the time to do my own thing and make a record that is completely my vision without compromising for anyone or anything.''' ,'''My wife and I sold our house in L.A. and we moved out to the high desert in California, by Joshua Tree, and we're out in the middle of nowhere.''' ,'''You know, Kiss can always go on as long as Gene and Paul want it to go on. Static-X is the same way. We're the two founding guys and the two vocalists and the driving force of the band. We can go on as long as we want, as long as the two of us are together. If I ever lost Tony, I'm sure I'd start something else.''' ,'''The band that I always wanted to tour with was Pantera, and we got to tour with them twice.''' ,'''I hate it when bands keep making the same record over and over, so we're pushing ourselves to try new things and experiment in our writing approach.''' ,'''Interview With a Vampire' is one of my favorite movies of all time. 'Queen of the Damned,' not so much one of my favorite movies, but it's one of the best soundtracks of all time.''' ,'''Metal never dies. Sometimes it's not on the radio and sometimes it's not at the forefront, but heavy rock or metal, or whatever the hell you want to call it, has always been around and will always be around.''' ,'''Pretty much every other question I get from fans is about my hair and beard.''' ,'''For the most part, metal has been underground. It's too dangerous for mom and dad and schools. It will probably always be that way.''' ,'''When you write, what's going on in your life shines through in the songs.''' ,'''I'd stay on tour for the rest of my life if I could. It's awesome.''' ,'''Don't even get me started about how much I hate the Internet, 'cause I'll rant for hours about this.''' ,'''Metal fans are the most hard-core, loyal fans.''' ,'''I realized how important it was to have a good team - manager, attorney and label. It's not just about putting out a record and somebody signing you.''' ,'''It's been a long time since I lived in Michigan, but I did grow up there for 18 to 20 years of my life. It does feel my home state.''' ,'''I remember when we were mixing our record and our manager was in there going, 'You guys need to sing more, so it can be on the radio.' And we were like 'What? We're never going to get played on the radio. Who cares? What are you talking about?'''' ,'''I know the Lamb of God guys. They're way mellow.''' ,'''I think it'd be fun to tour with Kiss just because Kiss is the reason I got into playing in a band.''' ,'''But anytime at a metal show, fans are going to be going crazy.''' ,'''I like all kinds of shows. The small shows are a totally different vibe. I don't care how many people are there as long as they're into it.''' ,'''The original lineup, we got on stage, we had a great chemistry, it was awesome, and then when we left the stage, we never talked to each other. There's a lot of bands that way. Who cares? What's wrong with it?''' ,'''I wish someone would give me some money for doing nothing.''' ,'''Here's the way Static-X has always worked: I write all the songs by myself - totally and completely by myself - I give demos to the other guys, and then they add their parts to it, and then we argue about stuff and compromise and it turns out being Static-X.''' ,'''I'm very picky about who we tour with.''' ,'''It's just been really hard, 'cause I had a really hard year in 2012 where I had to have triple hernia surgery, and I was out of commission for a year; I couldn't walk, I couldn't sing, I couldn't do anything with work. So it was kind of a rough year.''' ,'''It's harder and harder to sell records now. You've got to give extra value. You've got to give people a reason to go out and buy it rather than burn a friend's copy.''' ,'''The song 'Assassins Of Youth'... 'Assassins of youths' is what they used to call drugs in the old days when they first started the anti-drug campaign. And it's kind of an anti-drug record.''' ,'''I'm getting older and I guess I was pushing myself too hard; we were doing six shows in a row and all that kind of thing.''' ,'''To listen to my first record, it doesn't sound like me.''' ,'''Sometimes things get too layered and compressed or there's too many effects and they turn into mush on record. I strive to keep it raw and live-sounding, like you are in the room watching the band play.''' ,'''Even when metal was on the radio, it was always the watered down stuff. There were only a couple real metal bands - Metallica is one - that broke through.''' ,'''I can play whatever I want and play whatever the fans want to hear. I don't have to be like a salesperson up there talking about my CD through the whole show.''' ,'''Static-X has never been a band where the four guys get into a room together and jam and write songs and all that kind of stuff.''' ,'''I had a dream I was onstage naked and I forgot how to play the songs.''' ,'''All of my records have their own vibe, depending on what was going on in my life.''' ,'''I developed a really bad hernia. I had to cancel the tour and go have surgery.''' ,'''Well, for me the canning factory was minimum wage, which at the time I believe was $3.40 or something. I was just happy to have a job.''' ,'''Here's what it comes down to: I've been making records and touring for over 10 years now. I'm very successful living it, doing it... I'm with an absolutely beautiful wife that's half my age.''' ,'''For singers and drummers, you've really gotta have your chops together just to do a rehearsal.''' ,'''I have some drinks at night but that's it.''' ,'''I think our first record was a fluke, really. The fact that it went platinum and all that, it was all due to one video and the timing being just right.''' ,'''It's cool that MTV is making an effort to support bands like us.''' ,'''Static-X had a great run. We did everything we wanted to do and everyone wanted to do their own thing for a while.''' ,'''Listening to Ozzy Osbourne at full blast always made me feel a little bit better. It made me feel like I wasn't alone.''' ,'''During the day I'll work on music. I have a sampler and a drum machine out with me and I write new songs while we're on the road.''' ,'''As much fun as we had doing Ozzfest, I think it's good to try something else.''' ,'''My mom is about 60 years old and she loves our music because she can bounce around to it.''' ,'''Back in the Eighties, I used to write ballads on my acoustic guitar, so it seems very natural to me to go back to a little singing.''' ,'''There would be no Static-X if I didn't write all the songs.''' ,'''I listen to classic rock for the most part.''' ,'''Chromamatic' is actually about changing the strings on my guitar and tuning my guitar.''' ,'''All of our records seem to capture a certain period of time for us.''' ,'''Being married has not affected my career at all other than just making me happier to be on the road.''' ,'''You know, people hate me or love me and I just don't even bother paying attention to it anymore.''' ,'''We became one of those bands that could be around forever like Slayer. We can go on as long as we want to, as long as we have fun.''' ,'''Pighammer' is my pure vision of what I want to do, but at the same time, if you like Static-X, you will love 'Pighammer.'''' ,'''I like playing Michigan.''' ,'''Anyone who likes Static-X will definitely like my solo record.''' ,]
+++