+++
author = "Donal Logue"
title = "Donal Logue Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Donal Logue Quotes"
keywords = "donal logue,donal logue quotes,donal logue quote,donal logue sayings,donal logue saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Even now, when people come up to me and say, 'My kid's an actor. They want to move to L.A. What should they do?' Even if you wanted to help them as much as possible, there's really nothing you can do.''' ,'''I did pilots here and there but mostly I was doing little bits in movies.''' ,'''Well Bill Martin and Mike Schiff were the creators and they knew we had to do a family show. Everybody came at it from the angle of having been a kid and a teenager.''' ,'''Fair or not, it always sucks when everyone wanders back from Sundance talking about how bad the movies were.''' ,'''I always think it's absurd when people go, 'How can you have a show about Batman without Batman?' 'Gotham' is plenty fascinating, 'Chinatown' style.''' ,'''Ultimately, it has been a struggle- but I was in Minneapolis and Austin a couple of weeks ago, sitting in theaters with complete strangers watching this weird movie that Kirk and I thought up and I was excited to be making film.''' ,'''I think in a weird way that the entertainment industry is strangely more brutally honest than any other.''' ,'''When I moved to New York, I was dead broke and lost my mind, and my girlfriend dumped me and was with some banker making money. I wandered by Jane Curtin's house, and she's like, 'Come in here, dear. I'll make you lunch. Tell me, what's going on in your life?'''' ,'''I have to say that it was a thrilling ride to be on 'Terriers.' It was this odd circumstance where it was really loved by the people it was loved by, but it didn't do well. In fairness to FX, they were just so generous in keeping it on the air the whole year.''' ,'''I got a lot of flak for having Kirk as the lead because they all claimed it was a much harder sell, but no one else could have done that part for many reasons.''' ,'''I played on this soccer team, called Hollywood United, and there were a lot of old ex-international pro-players. We played this benefit match at the Rose Bowl, and the crowd streamed in. It's so nerve-wracking to go out into a stadium, feeling a billion eyes upon you when you mess up your touches. That's an overwhelming environment.''' ,'''Then I did The Tao of Steve and that was at Sundance in 2000 where it did really well.''' ,'''No, I'm not a comic book guy. I'm pretty fascinated with the subculture though and I do think that the world of comic books is such a natural transition into film.''' ,'''I don't know what's coming down the pike in 'Gotham.' Part of me goes, 'Man, I just wish I could be in the writers' room. Do you need someone to make you guys coffee?' I just want to be a part of the flow of it.''' ,'''I'm a happy human being when I'm overloaded with stuff to do, but I got stuff to do.''' ,'''I am in Ghost Rider but I'm not sure when it's coming out.''' ,'''It was hard to do 'Vikings.' It was hard to do 'Copper.' Part of that was, like, there's dialect and other things.''' ,'''I honestly feel like we never had a bad episode by TV standards. Every week I felt there were so many strong components of the show, especially the writing.''' ,'''It is fun playing villains, for sure.''' ,'''Young actors are pretty fantastic. I can't even imagine doing stuff like that when I was a kid.''' ,'''It was all that stuff about taking your parents' car when you're 13, sneaking booze into rock shows and ditching school with your friends. I could relate to that as a former teenager, rather than as a present parent.''' ,'''I play grizzlys, but I'm not a grizzly. I'm a song-and-dance man.''' ,'''One of my best and dearest friends in the world is this guy named Robert Burke, who was in 'Rescue Me.'''' ,'''A college football star, by his senior year, is used to running out there with 110,000 people going nuts. They feel comfortable in that environment. To me, a set feels like that. The one thing that I do know is that, as long as I'm prepared, I know this environment and this world.''' ,'''If given that ability, I would definitely be a long-haired, beard person. Ever since third grade, your whole life, there's always someone who's like, 'You better get a haircut.' It's no different in acting, especially when you don't know what role you're going to do next: a doctor, lawyer, a military guy, or whatever.''' ,'''What's interesting to 'Vikings' the series is that Horik is so blind in his greed and his desire for revenge that he can't hear reason, and he's probably so insecure about Ragnar that he won't take his advice. And straight up, honestly, if you ever have to say to someone, 'Hey, remember, I'm the king?' It's too late, and you've lost your authority.''' ,'''We own our movie and are now close to breaking even, even without finishing domestic DVD deals.''' ,'''People want people to do well. You can get focused on the bitter side of it, like, 'Everybody wants you to fail. Everybody's keeping the door closed to you,' but that's not true at all. Everybody's kind of in the same boat.''' ,'''It didn't get into Sundance although I showed a rough cut which is a mistake to all filmmakers out there.''' ,'''It's always surprised me that the most successful and really amazing shows are also the happiest environments and very welcoming.''' ,'''To me, the people on 'Copper' were rock stars. Before I joined that show, I loved that show.''' ,'''I don't think a show's ever changed networks in the middle of the season before, but it was cool because they gave us those extra couple years of life that was necessary to get us to syndication.''' ,'''It was just a really thrilling little ride on this big world of 'Sons of Anarchy.'''' ,'''Like most things in life, the beard always comes first. And it sends out some kind of pheromonal call to the universe that brings the roles appropriate to it.''' ,'''I like bands that don't necessarily sell the most records.''' ,'''Follow your deepest dream, the one you had as a kid... but stay focused.''' ,'''The day I showed up to South Carolina to work, I was with my kid and my ex and our dog and Kirk was hanging with this weird guy and I kind of defined the two of them by his friend and made a vow to avoid him.''' ,'''If someone said, 'Think of a happy place for you,' I'd say a glacial plane near the South Pole, the wind howling, nobody in sight, a shack with a pot-belly stove and some tea.''' ,'''I'm really good friends with Danny Trejo.''' ,'''My characters are always utterly sympathetic to me, if that makes any sense.''' ,'''I'm a professional hanger outer. I'm a super liability, too. I joke around, and I'm like a hyperactive child.''' ,'''I'm probably the least famous of any guy who's worked as much as I have.''' ,'''Once a film is made and it exists, someone somewhere is going to watch it and that is kind of the magic of it all.''' ,'''I feel like I'm really lucky because I get to sometimes maybe vibrate at a frequency that's a little deeper and darker than people anticipate.''' ,'''I remember working on movies like Gettysburg and feeling that Jeff Daniels was kind of a mentor.''' ,'''My mom, she's from Ireland, coached tennis in Nigeria when she was a missionary and turned me on to it when I was young.''' ,'''Yeah, I'd done a bunch of pilots. Some that had gone for a while. One that went for 13 episodes. But I had never been on a show that had lasted more than that.''' ,'''The desert feels Irish in a way - lonely and barren.''' ,'''I'm into cars and motorcycles, but I'm not crazy. I still have a couple motorcycles, but as you get older and you have kids, you develop a little bit of caution on the road.''' ,]
+++