+++
author = "Facundo Pieres"
title = "Facundo Pieres Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Facundo Pieres Quotes"
keywords = "facundo pieres,facundo pieres quotes,facundo pieres quote,facundo pieres sayings,facundo pieres saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've got nothing to complain about. I have to enjoy and be grateful. Lots of people would like to be in my shoes.''' ,'''Thanks to my father, we were always in good horses.''' ,'''We have two trainers at the polo ground and do a mix of aerobics, gymnastics and stretches before we start riding. As polo players, it's very important for us to keep in shape. We do a bit of yoga and Pilates sometimes, too.''' ,'''In Argentina, we're surrounded by polo ponies. The farm covers roughly 170 hectares, and there are no cattle or sheep, just horses.''' ,'''When you get on a good horse, you just know. They are powerful, they stop quickly, they can turn in both directions, and they are fast.''' ,'''I've seen a lot of great players that couldn't get to the top because of horses, and I've seen a lot of normal players that got higher and higher because of horses.''' ,'''Buenos Aires is less than an hour's drive from the ranch, and in the evening, we might meet friends for dinner there. I get recognised a bit, but I'm lucky that polo isn't as popular as other sports.''' ,'''I think polo players are at their best in their 30s. You've got the talent and the experience. You play with your head - you learn to lose and how to win.''' ,'''If you don't have good horses, it's very tough to win.''' ,'''We have the best sporting event in the world in polo, and yet it is weak.''' ,'''When I was 12 or 13, I realised I was good, but I never knew how far I'd get.''' ,'''I'm usually woken up by the birds and by my schnauzer, Rafa - for me that's the best start to the day. I jump out of bed, throw on some clothes, and race to the polo ground.''' ,]
+++