+++
author = "Cara Buono"
title = "Cara Buono Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Cara Buono Quotes"
keywords = "cara buono,cara buono quotes,cara buono quote,cara buono sayings,cara buono saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to do a character in a one-woman show who's a yoga teacher from the Bronx. I could do the best accent: 'Raise yaw ahms up! Reach faw da sky!'''' ,'''I'm not a snob. I can make a meal out of anything. I can eat anywhere.''' ,'''I love watching people enjoying food. It's very relaxing for me to cook.''' ,'''I do love the clothes on 'Mad Men' because my character has been so elegant and I would never have had access to these clothes. I think Janie Bryant is a costume designing genius. They'll call and tell me, 'It will only take an hour,' and I'm like, 'I will try on the whole truck!'''' ,'''With 'Mad Men,' people who grew up or were living in that time, they love to talk about what it was really like.''' ,'''I had some experience when I joined 'The Sopranos' in the last season. My character married Christopher, and everyone loved Adriana. I knew what it was like to join a very beloved, secretive show and following a very iconic character.''' ,'''I live in New York and got a call from my agent saying there was this new role on 'Mad Men,' it might be recurring and they're seeing people tomorrow. I said, 'OK, this is one of those things where you hedge your bets, use your miles and get on a plane.' I flew out Tuesday morning and got the job on a Wednesday.''' ,'''As an actress, you have to give your character a life, a history, and make it full and rich for yourself.''' ,'''I've had a job since I was 11. I had a paper route, I worked at a video store, I was a toy doll at FAO Schwartz when I was in high school. And I think that it's made me really disciplined when it came to pursuing acting, because I had no clue how to go about it.''' ,'''My mom cooked for us, and on the weekend, we always had Sunday dinner. My father liked to bake.''' ,'''I make the best eggplant parmigiana. Except maybe my mother. The way she makes it is delicious. If I told you how, I'd have to kill you.''' ,'''I love to cook. I love to cook for myself and my husband and big groups. I find it very relaxing, and I love socializing around a dinner table.''' ,'''Running doesn't come easy to me, especially the first thirty or so minutes. My message is take it one step at a time.''' ,'''I love to cook. I'd hoped by now I'd have a big loft. I have this fantasy that between 12 and 4, if you're in New York, it's known that I'll be serving a meal and you can just show up. You can watch TV, hang out, nap. Once a month. Wouldn't that be nice?''' ,'''I am born and raised in the Bronx. Where I grew up, it is a really working-class neighborhood and it does give you a really good work ethic.''' ,'''I love food and I love ingredients and I love reading recipes. It's just a great pleasure.''' ,'''I might have to do the London Marathon. I like crowds, so that is why I like the big marathons.''' ,'''Some people aren't great with babies, or they're not great with a smaller child - it's not that they're bad mothers.''' ,'''Being on 'The Sopranos' definitely prepared me for the militant secrecy of 'Mad Men.'''' ,'''I am a certified yoga teacher and I love to cycle and swim.''' ,]
+++