+++
author = "Corey Stoll"
title = "Corey Stoll Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Corey Stoll Quotes"
keywords = "corey stoll,corey stoll quotes,corey stoll quote,corey stoll sayings,corey stoll saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My wife was pregnant while we were promoting 'Ant-Man,' and that was very exciting, to see, like, action figures of myself, as we're getting the nursery ready.''' ,'''It's a challenge to turn a book series into a television series; you need to keep people on their toes, but you also want to be true to the source material.''' ,'''I grew up really into comic books, and I actually thought I was going to be a comic-book artist. That was my ambition before I realized I couldn't keep characters looking the same from panel to panel.''' ,'''My parents never had to tell me about the birds and the bees, you know? It was very out in the open.''' ,'''There's a ton of stories that can come out of L.A. I actually think that even though I enjoy being in New York more, I think that L.A. is a really fascinating place.''' ,'''People say the 'Lost Generation' in a romantic sense, but I think it was tragic. They were really lost.''' ,'''Growing up, I used to babysit, but, thinking back on what I was like at 15, this was probably a terrible idea.''' ,'''I think, sometimes, actors having a holistic view of what they're in can be overrated. Especially when you're playing somebody as narcissistic and self-involved as Ernest Hemingway, it doesn't really matter what else is in the script.''' ,'''In some ways, it's easier to be the lead. Week after week, scene after scene, the rhythms of filming force you to peel away a certain amount of artifice. When you're on set that much, there's a license to let the character emerge from the work itself.''' ,'''I started with superhero stuff - 'X-Men' and 'Spider-Man' and 'Batman' and 'Hellboy' - but I wasn't familiar with 'The Strain' until I started the show.''' ,'''What was so brilliant about 'Girls' was that they allowed their characters to be ludicrous and selfish and faulted but didn't shy away from a deeper psychological foundation for that neuroses.''' ,'''In terms of my free time, I really don't have much. The time I do have, I enjoy being domestic and spending time with my girlfriend, hiking and playing tennis.''' ,'''Yes, I'm a New Yorker, born and bred. While I'm not quite the L.A. snob that Woody Allen is, I do find myself happier in New York.''' ,'''It's funny; I'm in some ways hopelessly masculine, but I don't fish, I don't hunt, I'm not that into sports. I can't fix a car. I think it's my point of view and the way I see the world.''' ,'''I was not into B-movies. A lot of it is sloppy.''' ,'''I can walk down the street and nobody knows who I am.''' ,'''Good writing is everything.''' ,'''My parents met when they were 16 and bonded over the antiwar movement.''' ,'''The very act of saying anything more nuanced than 'us good, them bad' is under attack, and I'm proud to stand with artists who do.''' ,'''I never really knew what to do with my hair to begin with. When I was fat, I had incredibly long, unkempt hair. And there was kind of a poetic justice to losing something I was hiding behind.''' ,'''I think part of being masculine is not needing to prove it and not needing to answer for it.''' ,'''I made a choice in my career to not get hair plugs and not hide the fact that I was balding, and I've managed to play all sorts of characters who have shaved heads.''' ,'''What's really fun as the villain is working to get the audience to hate you.''' ,'''In this new world where art is willfully misinterpreted to score points and to distract, simply doing the work of an artist has become a political act.''' ,'''I'm an actor, in particular, that likes to have a mask or something that can help me distance myself from the character. Like the moustache or an accent.''' ,'''If I could grill for breakfast, I would.''' ,'''You can make bad writing 'OK,' but... you really need to start with a good script and with characters that are three-dimensional and with great dialogue. It's a difficult lesson to learn because good writing is hard to come by, but it's definitely worth chasing.''' ,'''After college, I was an intern at the New York Theater Workshop. In the mornings, I would build sets and hang lights, and in the afternoon, I would be the reader for auditions.''' ,'''When you're in a theater, it's about reaching the back rows. When you have a camera in your face, it's just about knowing the size of the room.''' ,'''The thing is that, often if you have time to research a role, sometimes it's hard to know exactly where to start.''' ,'''Working outdoors in the Delacorte Theater is always challenging.''' ,'''A play is not a tweet. It can't be compressed and embedded, and it definitely can't be delivered apologetically.''' ,'''It's not necessarily the most compelling thing for a liberal like myself to be making an impassioned plea for the divine rights of kings and for observing the hierarchy of order, of class and authority.''' ,'''I don't feel secure at all. I don't know what actor would feel they've made it. I feel like I'm just starting.''' ,'''The good guy is only as strong as the bad guy.''' ,]
+++