+++
author = "Hayley Orrantia"
title = "Hayley Orrantia Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Hayley Orrantia Quotes"
keywords = "hayley orrantia,hayley orrantia quotes,hayley orrantia quote,hayley orrantia sayings,hayley orrantia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a Texas girl.''' ,'''I mainly like to do singer/songwriter kind of stuff.''' ,'''I watched 'I Love the '80s' on VH1.''' ,'''I would love for 'The Goldbergs' to continue for as long as we can possibly let it happen, because it's my favorite thing I've ever done, and I can't imagine my life without it.''' ,'''Every time I tried writing my own songs, they would come out very country. I couldn't fight it, and the more I listened to country music, the more I loved it, and it just became very natural.''' ,'''I am a super social person. I'm an only child, so I thrive on social settings and being around my friends because I make them my siblings. When I'm not acting or singing or working on anything, I am making new relationships with people because, to me, my friendships are very important.''' ,'''I definitely make time for music.''' ,'''Music has always been my first love, so making music happen is a big priority of mine.''' ,'''I really don't understand jelly shoes - those see-through, glittery, sandal-type things that girls wear. I cannot, for the life of me, understand why they were ever popular.''' ,'''Whenever you go into an audition, you have to be as prepared as possible.''' ,'''I am a singer first and foremost. I was lucky enough to have a manager, when I was 15, who knew the heads of a lot of record labels at the time.''' ,'''Sitcoms always made the most sense to me. I grew up watching them every day with my dad. Every Monday, Tuesday night, we would be sitting in front of the television watching any kind of sitcom. I connect with that more, but I love to do whatever kind of role.''' ,'''I can't stand jelly shoes. They're ugly and not comfortable.''' ,'''I love Whitney Houston. I absolutely love her song, 'I Wanna Dance With Somebody.'''' ,]
+++