+++
author = "Gwen Moore"
title = "Gwen Moore Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Gwen Moore Quotes"
keywords = "gwen moore,gwen moore quotes,gwen moore quote,gwen moore sayings,gwen moore saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As legislators and as Members of Congress, it is our obligation to speak up for those who are being ignored in our society. The Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) does just that.''' ,'''I don't have any rift with President Obama at all. I think that he is operating in an entirely different arena than I'm dealing in. I represent my constituents in the Fourth Congressional District. I'm looking out admittedly for much more narrow interests. I represent the fourth-poorest district.''' ,'''It is very frightening to see a resurgence of the old mores, or lack thereof, regarding women's rights to their own bodies.''' ,'''I've been the co-chair of the Non-Partisan Women's Caucus and vice-chair for several years, taking a leadership role in this women's organization.''' ,'''Violence against women is as American as apple pie. I know, not only as a legislator, but from personal experience.''' ,'''It is only with the passage of the Violence Against Women Act in 1994 that we have been able to put a dent in violence against women, and women have had a place to go.''' ,'''Healthcare costs are rising, and not just Medicare and Medicaid, but healthcare in general.''' ,'''The reality is is that Congress is a very male-gendered oriented institution. Out of the, you know, more than 10,000 people who've ever been elected to Congress, you know, only about 250 of them have ever been women.''' ,'''It is essential that the women's preventive coverage benefit, including contraception, be available to all women, regardless of what health plan they have or where they work - as Congress intended. Providing access to birth control just makes good sense.''' ,'''It is important for women to have a choice, to have an opportunity to plan their families, because if they don't, the Republicans have said this is an ownership society. You are on your own, and they're going to begrudge that child everything, from WIC to a Pell Grant to health insurance.''' ,'''When you see John Boehner crying, believe you me, it's because he cannot control, uh, that wild contingency called the Tea Party.''' ,'''When elected officials abandon our environment and ruin our natural resources, public health is endangered. I know the importance of providing a clean environment for our children; I have attended more than one funeral for a child who has died from an asthma attack.''' ,'''Governor Scott Walker didn't know who he was messing with when he picked a fight with the hard-working union folks of Wisconsin. He must have forgotten that Wisconsin is the Badger State. And badgers are scrappy little creatures. We may look cute, warm and fuzzy, but we have a fighting spirit.''' ,'''These same people who accuse Planned Parenthood of 'targeting' African-American children, they care about you only while you're in the womb. The minute you crown, you're on your own.''' ,'''Violence against women is as American as apple pie.''' ,'''You know, I think that the Republicans have made it really clear that they want to end the so-called social safety net from cradle to grave.''' ,'''I was once a welfare recipient and am very aware of the successes and failures of this critical safety net. There are those that would have us believe that those receiving TANF benefits are lazy, shiftless, freeloaders who are just sitting around thinking of another way to suckle from the government teat.''' ,'''We must encourage people to get educated, to get tested, to get involved in the fight against AIDS.''' ,'''I know all about you. You're the people waiting on the shoreline with the warm towels and the hot chocolate after the woman swims the English Channel.''' ,'''There's a huge cost in being bipartisan, a tradition started by Newt Gingrich when he took over the House in 1994 and has continued forward, that you dare not vote against the Republican Party even if you're voting against your own initiatives and your own interests.''' ,'''We cannot allow our kids not to have an educational opportunity.''' ,'''I just want to tell you what it's like not to have Planned Parenthood... you have to give your kids Ramen noodles at the end of the month to fill up their little bellies so they won't cry. You have to give them mayonnaise sandwiches. They get very few fruits and vegetables because they're expensive.''' ,'''As a former recipient of these services I can honestly say that the overwhelming majority of TANF recipients are hard-working Americans who are down on their luck, and just want an opportunity to better their lives and those of their family through work and access to education.''' ,'''Too many people feel that where you start out dictates where you should end up. I was on welfare and just shy of 19 when my first daughter was born, but I was encouraged to take advantage of my ability and drive and remained in school.''' ,'''There are a lot of people in Milwaukee who have had adverse impacts from Scott Walker. He's managed to mess over everyone in Milwaukee.''' ,'''Violence against women in this country is not levied against just Democrats, but Republicans as well... not just rich people or poor people. It knows no gender, it knows no ethnicity, it knows nothing.''' ,]
+++