+++
author = "Nastassja Kinski"
title = "Nastassja Kinski Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Nastassja Kinski Quotes"
keywords = "nastassja kinski,nastassja kinski quotes,nastassja kinski quote,nastassja kinski sayings,nastassja kinski saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Water is always a support or a healing thing apart from, you know, love or peace of mind.''' ,'''I want to do movies but not talk about them.''' ,'''I want to feel good, I want to feel proud, I want to feel that I give someone enough and that I get enough.''' ,'''And you must dare to do as many things as you dream of.''' ,'''I wish I had had a great disappointment, a real one.''' ,'''It's so great to love somebody and, out of that, to make a child. So that's my goal.''' ,'''It should be only a part of my life, but it isn't. I have only one thing: my work.''' ,'''I'd also like to do a play. I've never done theater, and constantly changing and refining a performance is something I'd like to do, even though it may sound like work to some people - and it probably is work.''' ,'''I always have the feeling in these low states that something good is about to happen. That's when I feel the fullest, the rawest, the closest to myself.''' ,'''I have these visions of myself being thirty, thirty-five, forty having a family.''' ,'''You can learn so much from children, and you can give them so much.''' ,'''Even though things happen by accident, you also unconsciously choose things that help you.''' ,'''But when it really happens I'm very fascinated, I'm waiting for the moment, because the moment where life abandons you and death steps in, that moment must be fantastic, no?''' ,'''I wish I played an instrument, but I could never decide which one, and I ended up playing nothing.''' ,'''I live for being with the people I love and to live as happily as possible.''' ,'''To be successful for a moment because of one movie doesn't mean anything.''' ,'''I love men who make me laugh.''' ,'''It's pleasant and bothersome and embarrassing all at once. Especially when you haven't done much and are a celebrity.''' ,'''Water for me is so essential, like swimming.''' ,'''I love oldies just kind of sweet, slinky, Fifties music. The slow stuff. And Billie Holiday.''' ,'''Having children is what a woman is born for, really.''' ,'''Actors, after all, dream.''' ,'''It's true what people say - that actors are the closest thing there is to children. They play.''' ,'''Not that I want everything right now; but I do want everything.''' ,'''The years go so fast. I mean, I just realized that at the end of the year I will be twenty-two, and I just turned twenty-one.''' ,'''You play a part, and as soon as a movie is over and the camera stops, you go home and you're not really responsible for what you've done.''' ,'''I used to dance when I was younger - ballet and modern dance.''' ,'''My parents found what I was interested in and encouraged me. They didn't put me in front of a television and buy lots of toys, the way some American parents do.''' ,]
+++