+++
author = "Sasha Spielberg"
title = "Sasha Spielberg Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Sasha Spielberg Quotes"
keywords = "sasha spielberg,sasha spielberg quotes,sasha spielberg quote,sasha spielberg sayings,sasha spielberg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One of my least favorite things is having my full name called out at the pharmacy. I always try to cut them off before they can say 'Spielberg.'''' ,'''At first, I had such stage fright, and it was always comforting to look over and see my big brother.''' ,'''I've kept a diary since I was seven years old, and I still write in mine.''' ,'''At the risk of sounding corny, the beach and the ocean are such a constant part of Los Angeles life, so that definitely seeps into our music.''' ,'''We like to combine genres. Theo grew up listening to punk, and I love Christina Aguilera.''' ,'''We're incredibly honest. I don't tiptoe around my choice of words with Theo. This can start some fights, but in a very healthy way.''' ,'''All I've really been working on since I was a kid is music, but sometimes I feel like I'm an imposter or something.''' ,'''When I was much younger, I used to practice my Oscar speech in the mirror. I used to beg my parents to be in movies.''' ,'''I think my whole life, I put a lot of energy into pleasing other people, and trying to make jokes, and trying to make people laugh.''' ,'''Some people are totally fine with just checking Instagram once a day and then putting their phone down. But with me... self regulation is very difficult and it's a battle.''' ,'''I can kind of be a chameleon.''' ,'''I used to pretend like I was 27 years old and about to get married and unsure if this was the right guy for me when I was 12.''' ,'''I was the girl who was correcting people on the spelling of Led Zeppelin.''' ,'''My approach to makeup is different between when I'm single and when I'm in a relationship. There are a lot of Sashas!''' ,'''I was in a long-distance relationship. There's a lot of heartache in distance, and in proximity - those ideas you have when you're next to someone who you haven't seen in a month.''' ,'''I actually find that my hair looks the best on tour with my band, Wardell. And it's funny because I'm just using cheap hotel shampoo and conditioner.''' ,'''I'm on many a pill for my skin... I feel like that's cheating but when I turned 18, out of nowhere I got acne.''' ,'''We tracked 'Domestic Sweater' live as a full band. It had been a while since we had even performed so in doing so, a sweet innocence arose, as though we were playing in our garage again.''' ,'''I assume everyone is going to hate my music before listening to it or hate me before meeting me because of where I come from and my name - it's not Smith or Taylor.''' ,'''So most days I don't wear makeup, but I do like this liquid eyeliner from Prestige Cosmetics in Icon that I think you can get at any Rite Aid.''' ,]
+++