+++
author = "Geneva Carr"
title = "Geneva Carr Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Geneva Carr Quotes"
keywords = "geneva carr,geneva carr quotes,geneva carr quote,geneva carr sayings,geneva carr saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Let me tell you a little secret: There are no bad actors. There are none. You have to find the right role. I never give up on people. For God's sake, look at me.''' ,'''I like visceral writing that people can't help but respond to, even if they respond, and they're shocked, or they're angry, or they're offended. I think that's the only way to reach people.''' ,'''My husband and I met on OKCupid. We went out on our little coffee date, and I knew right away he was my husband. He's a handsome, smarty-pants architect from Tokyo. On our first date, I said, 'I wake up like this. I'm Pollyanna Sunshine, and I'm not for everyone'.''' ,'''I'm living the dream! I just want to tell actors and writers it's never too late, and it can happen when you least expect it.''' ,'''I don't come from an artistic family, so I didn't know what theater was. I was working on Wall Street in the '90s, and I went to see 'Appointment With a High-Wire Lady' at Ensemble Studio Theatre, and it affected me so deeply. It changed everything I thought about the arts. I quit banking and became an actor.''' ,'''I think I'm going to do a workout tape called 'Hand to God to Abs of Steel.'''' ,'''I saw a play in a black box theatre, and it changed my life.''' ,'''I'm sort of a Southerner because those are my roots, but my parents are from Iowa.''' ,'''I think 'Hand to God' is going to change the landscape of Broadway. I think Broadway, truthfully, will never be the same.''' ,'''I'm a Southern girl, and I like to put a good face on everything.''' ,'''I'm so grateful for where I am now, but I think I'm more grateful because it's been so hard-won; I haven't given up, and I've had plenty of reasons to give up.''' ,'''The first thing I say when someone says they want to be an actor is, 'Go get 'Backstage.' You know what's going on, you know who's doing what, and there's work that you can find in there. It's an incredible resource, and there's nothing else like it.''' ,'''Commercials are art, too; they're 30-second movies starring people like me. If you look down on the medium, you're never going to book. If you don't love it, do not bother. Find another job you like.''' ,'''It ain't over at 40. I haven't crested the best part of my career.''' ,'''I've lived in 11 states, but I'm not an Army brat. My father couldn't hold a job, so every six months, we'd move.''' ,]
+++