+++
author = "Kadeena Cox"
title = "Kadeena Cox Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Kadeena Cox Quotes"
keywords = "kadeena cox,kadeena cox quotes,kadeena cox quote,kadeena cox sayings,kadeena cox saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Having sport allowed me to forget about the ups and downs of my condition and think about a set goal, which was to become a Paralympic champion, to become a world champion.''' ,'''I think I was quite abnormal, in that it took me all of a day to get over the fact that I had MS.''' ,'''I want to open a clinic of my open mainly looking at pediatrics and neurological conditions and incorporating my love of sport and physiotherapy knowledge together.''' ,'''I have a quite a good understanding of the human body, but I feel like I've got two different people in my head. One of them is saying, 'You shouldn't be eating this' and the other is saying, 'you know you need to.' It's such a challenge.''' ,'''I've never had a kit sponsor. I get kit sent to me by a company but they wouldn't sign me on a proper deal. It's frustrating.''' ,'''I take 18 to 19 tablets a day, plus an injection every other day. I get side-effects from some of the medication that aren't ideal. Plus, I hate having to inject myself. It's painful and it creates a few dramas.''' ,'''2018 is a big year for me with the Commonwealths in April and my university dissertation due in May so a World Championships in March would be difficult.''' ,'''I am very research-driven, especially when it comes to my body.''' ,'''I've always been a sprinter, I'm muscular. If you put me next to the average sprinter, I would fit in a lot more. But against the Paralympic side, I always feel really big.''' ,'''I love the buzz of racing and being competitive and trying to push myself to be the best that I can be.''' ,'''I started my cycling academy to try and get more people from a BAME background into cycling.''' ,'''I've always loved 'Bake Off,' I've always watched it and it's just one of those things that everyone loves and you watch it with your family.''' ,'''I want to learn how to ride a bike properly - not like a runner.''' ,'''I tried put everything I had into doing something and proving that MS wasn't going to hold me back and kissing goodbye to MS.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel like you have to be a different person - you kind of morph into that person that fits in.''' ,'''I have MS and am heat intolerant so it is tricky. It is affecting my spasms and affects my speech - which is annoying because I like talking.''' ,'''It's been tricky trying to deal with managing my eating, having so many people around me and so many eyes on me, it's pushed me to do more extreme things which is frustrating for me.''' ,'''It's hard to get into something if you don't see someone like you who has done it.''' ,'''I had the world against me. I was told I shouldn't be doing sport and that I wouldn't go to the Paralympics. I've had so many barriers.''' ,'''I've gone from being an 11.9sec runner to being a 13.5sec runner which mentally is quite hard.''' ,'''I look back and I have always been big and curvy. Our family all have big arms, bigger legs, bigger hips and bum. That's just the way we're built.''' ,'''I want to be in Tokyo. I want to defend my titles and I want to change these medals into gold medals.''' ,'''My mum's my rock.''' ,'''I won't do anything rash. But I struggle with dystonia, or uncontrolled movement, and I know that yoga and Pilates can help with this. So can hydrotherapy. It's part of being a physiotherapist, I guess.''' ,'''There are days when I'm spasming to a point where I can't even push my wheelchair because my arms aren't working and my legs aren't working.''' ,'''I'm not very good at making decisions.''' ,'''You shouldn't have to accept being seen as lesser or discriminated against because of your skin.''' ,'''I used to not plan ahead because of the condition I've got. But I've put that at the back of mind and not let MS control my life.''' ,'''I watched the London Games as my coach had athletes in there. I saw the impact that the Paralympics had on the country and the world.''' ,'''I had an injury that just dug away at me. I would spend every track session crying, attempting to run and breaking down when I couldn't.''' ,'''Initially it was a journey about one girl who wanted to go to the Paralympics but over the two years it has become something I was doing for everyone else. The reason I wanted to do it so badly was so I could stand here and show it can be done even if you have setbacks.''' ,'''I want more gold medals. I only got two in Rio so it would be nice to make it four.''' ,'''I've been so close on so many occasions and had so many horrendous injuries. You go from hamstring tear to hamstring tear and achilles problems and then you get MS! But you've got to keep going, which I did and I've got the kit and a world record and the world title.''' ,'''One of the key things that I learnt on 'MasterChef' was time management.''' ,'''I would never have picked up cycling had it not been for my disability because it just wasn't something I saw. You see someone riding past in their Lycra and it's normally white, middle-class males and I never would have seen myself in that position, being an elite cyclist.''' ,'''There are days when my legs don't work, so I have to be in my wheelchair.''' ,'''I am in a small minority as a black female with a disability. But I've shown that even with conditions like MS, it's not the setback that it has to be.''' ,'''I had really had tendonitis in both Achilles. You can run through it with one leg, but not two.''' ,'''I don't remember what normal eating is.''' ,'''I'll stay on my bike until I've burnt a certain amount of calories or made sure I'm in negative calories for the end of the day.''' ,'''I want to be able to do the Olympics and then do the Paralympics after.''' ,'''I like a challenge and I like being able to prove to me and everyone else that I can do crazy things - even with a dodgy knee.''' ,'''I went into hospital with left-side weakness and speech problems and was diagnosed with a stroke. And then I was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis.''' ,'''My mum at my competitions is the most embarrassing person in the world. She just screams so loud.''' ,'''I was so much smaller before I had MS so I really struggle day to day to look in the mirror. I don't feel I recognize myself because I've never been as big.''' ,'''I just want to live each moment to the fullest. And enjoy life.''' ,'''You just have to have heart, passion, determination and self-belief.''' ,'''I tried not to cry on the podium, I tried to enjoy this moment. I did enjoy Rio but was trying to go well that I didn't really, it's a bit overwhelming.''' ,'''I had only been cycling for a year before I went to Rio.''' ,'''MS is so poorly understood. I change day to day, not year to year, so I've no idea how I will be by the end of another full Olympic cycle. Come Tokyo 2020, I don't know whether I'll even be able to do one sport, let alone two.''' ,'''The majority of people scrape their less dense hair back into a bobble or a braid, whereas I actually have massive challenges getting my hair into a helmet. Going into Rio, trying to get my 'fro into a helmet was a big issue.''' ,'''I was horrified that my life was going to revolve around not being independent.''' ,'''When people say there are people who are faking it, if I had a choice I wouldn't want to have a disability.''' ,'''I've had a lot of up-and-down times.''' ,'''I love bobsleigh.''' ,'''On the weekend of the Olympic trials, I lashed out at someone I'm really close to. I've lashed out at my mum, my siblings. It's so hard when all you want to do is compete, and your body's just denying you. But without my family, I'd be nothing.''' ,'''It would be nice to do a winter and a summer Olympics in the same cycle.''' ,'''The only thing that's difficult is sometimes it's nice to be able to separate your home life from training life.''' ,'''The colour of my skin determines what opportunities I have; the colour of my skin says there's only room for one or two of us to be accepted in a certain job; the colour of my skin has dictated everything I've done in my whole life.''' ,'''Unfortunately, I'm heat intolerant. I tend not to go in heat, I avoid the bath, I have lukewarm showers - and now I am throwing myself into the heat of Dubai and trying to run.''' ,'''Once you kind of get past doing the Yorkshire Championships, and the Northern Championships, and you go to the British Champs it's like, 'oh wow, diversity!'''' ,'''One of the reason I did two sports because I wanted to do something special or different.''' ,'''I feel that people think it's a really easy walk in the park - I just turn up and I'm always on top form. But the journey to that point is always a struggle.''' ,'''I think I can get back to a place where I'm more in control and there are small blips, as opposed to massive wobbles every two seconds.''' ,'''I'm a bit disappointed British Bobsleigh haven't yet been in touch.''' ,'''With the athletes, there's a lot of diversity. But when you look at the management, coaching and the boards, there's not that much diversity there. I think it's diversity within those roles that's needed.''' ,'''I've been out with injury, health struggles and I've really struggled with my mental health, so to be able to get back and be on the start line has been a challenge. I'm excited just to be there, but obviously I expect a lot of myself and I'm pretty sure other people expect me to come out and be able to still dominate.''' ,'''There are times when I'm on the athletics track when I can't control my movement or I'm not able to maintain my hip stability and I am wobbling all over the place.''' ,'''I have a watch with all the calories I burn so I can track everything I do.''' ,'''One of the things that really does annoy me is just comments on my hair. Like 'your hair's not tidy,' or 'Ooh, what's this?' Just little comments that I just think are so inappropriate. Sometimes I'm just like, 'Is it really necessary?' But you know, as a black female, you do learn to just brush these things off, which isn't the way it should be.''' ,'''If you don't see someone, you don't think you can be it. People can see me and go on and do better than me.''' ,'''To be recognized by the Queen, it's just wow, thank you.''' ,'''People don't understand the classification process and they also don't understand a condition like MS and how it has different effects on different people. Neurological conditions are all so different because we don't know what people have gone through and how their brains adapt to it all and you can't assess everything with the naked eye.''' ,'''I like to overfill my life.''' ,'''I finished my degree and realized I had a lot of free time on my hands.''' ,'''I wanted to empower other people and prove even with invisible conditions like mine that you can achieve things if you put your mind to it and work hard. So I definitely see myself as a role model in some weird and wonderful way.''' ,'''That's my dream, to empower people, because there should be no reason that the colour of your skin should stop you from doing everything you want to do.''' ,'''I've had a great coach, John Norfolk, who has taken me from a novice to a great cyclist.''' ,'''You have a dream, and you hope you can help someone. But to actually find out that you did that, it gives you a warm feeling inside.''' ,'''Before Rio, I had never been at the top of the velodrome track but now I train from the top of the track.''' ,'''I'm just like 'mother, please,' She always videos and the video is not of me, it's of the sky or the ground because she's always jumping around. Mum is not very good at videoing or cheering.''' ,'''For me its a struggle because I don't have a visible disability and a lot of companies want to tick a box to say they've got a partnership with a disabled athlete. But if the rest of the world can't see that they're disabled then they don't think it's worth it.''' ,'''I watched 'Coach Carter,' it's like the best film ever!''' ,'''The more I'm in the public eye and I get opportunities to speak out about the condition the better. So many people don't understand the condition, they don't understand the struggles we have to deal with.''' ,'''In athletics there are so many great elite athletes who look like me, so it was easy to fall into.''' ,'''I have a 50 per cent chance of still being able to compete as an able-bodied athlete. But if not, I will compete as a paralympian.''' ,'''I never wanted to give in to my condition. My life changed a lot but I didn't want it to change my dreams or goals.''' ,'''I totally expect there to be some young girl or boy sat at home thinking 'I want to be like Kadeena Cox,' and then going on to better everything I've done.''' ,'''I set up the KC Academy to get more people from a black background into cycling.''' ,'''I spend a lot of time thinking and worrying about fatigue. It is the thing I struggle with the most.''' ,'''I want to have my own neurophysiological clinic, combining my love of sport with my knowledge of physio that can benefit people and help them be rehabilitated to close to their former selves.''' ,'''I would never have looked at cycling as something I could do had I not got ill and lived in Manchester where British Cycling is.''' ,'''There are times when I'm training and I literally feel like I'm about to pass out because I haven't eaten or what I have eaten hasn't been anything that's going to benefit me.''' ,'''Sprinting is my stress relief, something to do to relax. I don't know what I would do without it.''' ,'''I get recognized pretty much wherever I go now which is totally alien.''' ,'''I have my turbo bike at home, so I can do high cadence stuff and interval sessions on there, and then I get out on the road once a week to do a 50km ride.''' ,'''I think as an athlete, especially in a sport like athletics, we don't wear very much on the track, so you have to look the part.''' ,'''I have a sports science degree.''' ,'''I get slightly annoyed if I've got bushy eyebrows or I haven't got any make-up on, but apart from that I love chatting to new people.''' ,'''In 2016 I was fresh and raw and it was grit and determination which got me to the gold medal. Nobody really knew me and what I was capable of.''' ,]
+++