+++
author = "Yo Gotti"
title = "Yo Gotti Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Yo Gotti Quotes"
keywords = "yo gotti,yo gotti quotes,yo gotti quote,yo gotti sayings,yo gotti saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Yeah, I actually went to college. I went to Southwest Community College in Memphis; I tried to go to TSU, and they denied me.''' ,'''Trap music to me isn't just a sound. If we're talking about what I think trap music is, I couldn't say that I created it or no one created it, because if you were living the same life that I was living and you're speaking about it, we just speaking about our endeavors in that world.''' ,'''What scared me was my mother getting evicted from my house. Seeing them repo my momma's car once. Wondering if I didn't provide for her where she was going to be or if I didn't provide for her, where my sister was going to be. Those are the things that scared me.''' ,'''Naw, I don't write raps down. All my raps come off the top of the head.''' ,'''I played pee-wee football coming up. If I had known the type of chicks they would get when I was in school, I'd probably focused on it a little more.''' ,'''I don't do credit cards 'cause my mama told me back in the day she never dated a man who tows a wallet. 'Cause that mean he ain't have enough money.''' ,'''Roc Nation is strong, I'm strong and powerful on my own, and when we put it together we're unstoppable.''' ,'''I grew up in a family where my brother was in prison. My father was in prison.''' ,'''I believe that if you got good people around you and they put in the work to help get you where you at, everybody should eat. No man should be depended on another man.''' ,'''I think hip-hop always shifts culture.''' ,'''The 'Down in the DM' to 'Rake It Up' to videos, the artwork... everything is 100 percent me. If you want to sample it, if it's going to be in a movie, whatever, you gotta call me.''' ,'''When I got a plaque, when I got a No. 1, a cover of 'XXL,' these are the types of things that let me know I'm aligning with the artists I looked up to.''' ,'''Real estate was one of the first things I was doing. I kinda like mistakenly fell into that. I bought a house early in my career, and in my head, it was like, if everything goes wrong, I own this one house, you know... As I started doing concerts and more concerts, I started buying more houses.''' ,'''This whole 8 for $8 tour, I handpicked every city, every market on this tour, I handpicked myself. I wanted to go to New York, I wanted to go to Baltimore, I wanted to go to Philly, I wanted to go to Chicago, I wanted to go to Atlanta, of course I wanted to go Memphis, I wanted to go to Oakland.''' ,'''When people are watching the George Floyd video, that could have been me. I think people are just afraid that the people who are supposed to be protecting and serving you are against you.''' ,'''I didn't grow up eating no vegetables. I ate at fast food restaurants every day.''' ,'''I ain't never really play sports.''' ,'''I just think white jewelry to me, it look the richest. It's clean and rich.''' ,'''I just always knew that I was going to get some money, that I was going to be successful.''' ,'''When I was young I was getting more money than the old heads. I was smarter and tighter, so whoever's team I was on was at an advantage.''' ,'''I Am' is the album that displays a little growth. The record, to me, is bringing the streets back.''' ,'''I got a lot of respect for Kobe.''' ,'''Boxing is a full-body workout, and while you're in it and learning the procedures and steps, you're working out at the same time. Sometimes it don't feel like you're actually working out, which I like.''' ,'''I think 42 Dugg is a superstar - he's got the voice, the music, the look and the hustle.''' ,'''I would watch all of the videos that came on on BET and MTV. I was infatuated with the hip-hop culture.''' ,'''Back when I was growing up, gangs wasn't heavy. We was solo thugging. When we got money on our own, the hood got money. It wasn't about colors or a certain name when I was growing up. We wasn't doing no gangs. But as the generations change, things change.''' ,'''Labels don't want artists to put out mixtapes because they don't monetize it.''' ,'''Memphis is just like any other city. I'm pretty sure it's like the streets of Baltimore, with your hoods and traps.''' ,'''It is super important to know what you are getting yourself into when signing a deal. I learned that the hard way.''' ,'''Ain't no off days. I don't take off on no businesses I do. So I'm in the studio all the time, with so many records, and I guess it's a good problem when it come down to it.''' ,'''I got a lot of respect for Drake, most definitely; he's killin' it.''' ,'''Memphis breeds hustlers, I feel. It's just cutthroat living period, so to survive around vultures and savages like that, it prepares you for whatever profession you go in.''' ,'''I've been going to visit people in prison since I was a kid.''' ,'''When you live a certain way for so long, that's the only way people can see you. I don't necessarily mean that's who you is or you can't change, but it's a stigma that they put on you when you're from a place where I'm from. That's one way of looking at 'Trapped.'''' ,'''After being in the game so long, making so much money and achieving different things, now I think a lot more about impact.''' ,'''I stay away from the carbs and try to make sure I'm not intaking a whole lot of sugar.''' ,'''I feel like I grow in a different space every year, some kind of way.''' ,'''I never tell my artists how to rap or how to approach a song. I let them do the song.''' ,'''You could be the best lyricist or rapper or songwriter, if you ain't mentally prepared to put in the work, it's a waste of time.''' ,'''When I'm working on my music, I take special care to make sure the sound is perfect.''' ,'''I'm not a ranter on Twitter or Instagram - that ain't how I'm rocking.''' ,'''When I came up with the title 'Trapped,' I was going through a lot of personal stuff. There were a lot of things in 2018 that had me in a trapped mentality.''' ,'''I'm a success story. Everybody from Memphis knows that, that's why don't nobody question it.''' ,''''Back 2 Da Basics' was my way of saying I'm done and out of the streets and I'm going to get a record deal and be a rapper for real.''' ,'''The right watch is like real estate.''' ,'''If you a rapper, attention can turn into money.''' ,'''It was once upon a time where me, myself as a kid - and I know plenty of people who grew up the same way - couldn't even afford a pair of shoes.''' ,'''Some people just like to do their own thing. I ain't sayin' it's wrong, but me, I wanna hustle with another hustler. I think two impactful hustlers, or three, or four, is a stronger force.''' ,'''I recorded 'The Art of Hustle' album three times because I had the time to do it.''' ,'''I like my jewelry to fit tight.''' ,'''I always understood the importance of relationships, respect, standing on your word and your name being good.''' ,'''I feel like it's our job, between me and Jeezy and Gucci - I feel that's who the streets look at as far as trap music. So if it's gonna be saved, we have to save it.''' ,'''Like, I always knew I wanted a Kanye West feature and a Jay-Z feature. I knew that starting in the game when it wasn't even realistic to happen. I already knew who I wanted to do records with.''' ,'''I grew up playing the games, man, back when it was just Nintendos and Sega Genesis.''' ,'''Of course I'm blessed. Super, super blessed. I also believe that you don't get nothing that you don't go for. Even with your blessings, you still gotta go do it.''' ,'''That's how you want your sound to be - global.''' ,'''My key to surviving and winning is hustle. I think once you lose your hustle, you lost everything.''' ,'''Back when I was growing up, I always had one foot in the street and one foot in music.''' ,'''I would buy a house, and try to buy a house every month. I didn't have education or information about real estate at the time. I learned after I bought a few houses, and then I kind of fell in love with the rehabbing of the houses and fixing them up and just the whole process and turned it into a business.''' ,'''If you're misleading the little homies, you ain't no real big homie to me.''' ,'''It's a difference between a good rapper and 'king of the city,' they're two different things. You can be a better rapper than me, that don't mean you're king of the city.''' ,'''There's nothing more valuable than your freedom in your life. When you're in the streets you're gambling with that 24/7. If you don't know that you're just flat out dumb to me.''' ,'''I'm just a go-getter. I tell people all the time - I feel like I'm supposed to be successful, no matter what I'm doing.''' ,'''You got some artists who want street credit. Like, they market street credit. They take certain incidents and turn it into marketing to try and boost the sales. You don't never see me speaking on that. I'm trying to stay away from it.''' ,'''I'm a songwriter, actually. And when I say I'm a songwriter, I'm saying I can write songs for more than just myself.''' ,'''I didn't study no rappers when I was coming up. I was studying moguls. I was studying Jay Z. I was studying Puff. I was studying Master P.''' ,'''It feels like one family - JAY-Z's one call away for any advice, any questions. He's a real big homie.''' ,'''They say you're blessed to be a blessing to others. There's no better time to live that saying then the holidays. Especially when so many families are struggling.''' ,'''Probably more than half my life, I've thought from a trap mindset, a hood mind frame in the way I was moving.''' ,'''Yeah, I've never been afraid to put my own money up on what I wanted and what I believed in or who I believed in.''' ,'''My personal career highlights would be getting my first No. 1 record, 'Down in the DM' and getting the second one now with 'Rake It Up.'''' ,'''My cheat meal is whatever I think about. One thing about me is whatever comes to my mind, if I want it, I'm going to eat it.''' ,'''PUMA has been an iconic name in the fashion world for decades, their ability to remain at the top of the game in not only sportswear, but in culture and fashion is inspirational.''' ,'''I love to learn, I love to be educated on different levels.''' ,'''I think people may regret not following their instincts a lot.''' ,'''I like to make music from a personal standpoint, and the music that feels good to me, and when the music becomes big, it's even better because it's an even more organic feeling than when you, like, tried to make the hit record.''' ,'''A lot of my music be personal.''' ,'''Yeah I got a collection of sneakers. I probably got over 200 pair of PUMAs.''' ,'''I most definitely respect Jay Z hustle and everything he built. He's a businessman first and I think he respects my hustle.''' ,'''We are all Ahmaud Arbery. Everyday activities should not end in death sentences. We must hold people responsible for their actions.''' ,'''Some people take off recording cycles, but I record year round.''' ,'''One of my homeboys from my neighborhood had actually taught me how to rap. He was the rapper and we would all go over to his house. It would be like 10 or 12 of us in there and he'd write everybody's rap in the house and would give everybody four or eight bars.''' ,'''Me as a person, man, I'm just rapping reality. Every time I get in front of the microphone I'm just speaking about real life and what's happening.''' ,'''As a street hustler, you've got to be smarter than everybody. You have to outsmart the police, you have to outsmart the people in competition with you, you have to outsmart all the opposition.''' ,'''You know, things that's important to you, things you passionate about, you should fight for it.''' ,'''I got kids so whenever I can, I fly them out to the cities I'm in.''' ,'''I think you could get a good accountant, but I think I am the best accountant for me. Can't nobody count my money like I can count it.''' ,'''You're only as good as your team, so if your team's strong around you, it just puts you in a greater position.''' ,''''Letter to the Trap' is a real approach on how I really feel. It's like when you're in that culture and you're living that life, there's always obstacles when trying to get out.''' ,'''Throughout L.A. Reid's career, I realize he has been a part of creating some of the biggest superstars in the industry. I feel there is no better person to partner with.''' ,'''As far as artists go I like Don Trip. I think Don Trip is one of the coldest artists, that's my little partner.''' ,'''I am one of those cats who doesn't believe in putting everything from your personal life out. I come from the motto 'if they know less it's better.'''' ,'''When I'm driving, you have a different feeling when the police get behind you and you're not even breaking the law. The tension is so high.''' ,'''Me, myself, I ain't never had no problem hustling with nobody.''' ,'''When I grew up, my auntie was in prison.''' ,'''I'm one of the few artists who started from the ground up for real. Not taking no records to the radio station begging no DJ to play it. When DJs started playing my records they called me for them. I ain't pull up and ask nobody for nothing, I ain't pay nobody nothing.''' ,'''The conditions in the prisons operated by the Mississippi Department of Corrections are absolutely inhumane and unconstitutional.''' ,'''The fact is, I'm the biggest rapper from Memphis, I help a lot of rappers from Memphis.''' ,'''I think CMG is gonna grow and only get bigger and bigger. We're gonna continue to find the right talent and do everything that's necessary because I got an 'I will not lose' mentality.''' ,'''I am a situation. I am a walking situation.''' ,]
+++