+++
author = "Jessica Hart"
title = "Jessica Hart Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Jessica Hart Quotes"
keywords = "jessica hart,jessica hart quotes,jessica hart quote,jessica hart sayings,jessica hart saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to develop a small make-up line myself. I want to combine all the things that I love and just create them the way I want them to be.''' ,'''I always believe in buying things locally; anything locally made is a big plus, along with organic materials. I try really hard to do that, and brands really pop out to me if I know they're trying to be environmentally friendly.''' ,'''My little yorkie Floyd is the ultimate buddy, and his passport has as many stamps as mine.''' ,'''Vintage rock T-shirts are the best. I have about 50 or 60, most bought on eBay for a few pounds. You can always tell which ones are genuine because there'll be lots of pictures showing you the holes.''' ,'''When I get some down time on the weekends, I love gallery hopping with friends, in particular checking out Gagosian Galleries - between the three in N.Y.C., there's always a great show on or something cool to see.''' ,'''I walk around naked all the time, but it doesn't mean I am completely comfortable and happy with my body.''' ,'''An eyelash curler should be everyone's best friend.''' ,'''If you see me or another model in a bar, wait until you are spoken to before you speak.''' ,'''I always carry a tinted moisturiser with SPF sunscreen. A good lip balm is a must - I can't go past Lucas's Papaw Cream.''' ,'''I love the creative outlet of designing, and I love make-up and products and feel like I find so many great products around the world that I want to recreate, so I want to do that or design.''' ,'''I don't like to try very hard. Most of the time it's just jeans, a T-shirt and Converse trainers. Casual, comfortable and boyish is how I'd describe my look. The way people wear clothes makes them stylish, rather than the clothes themselves.''' ,'''I love, love, love Charlotte Olympia shoes, but who doesn't?''' ,'''I don't like kitten heels. I just don't think they are an attractive shoe because they always look so stumpy. And I would never wear cowboy boots: a pointy toe and little heel is just not my thing.''' ,'''My Helmut Lang leather pants are my most treasured possession - I've worn them almost every day for two years, and they look good with everything.''' ,'''Melbourne is very sophisticated and edgy - we wear a lot of black. Things are lightening up a little bit, but truly, everything looks good in black.''' ,'''London is very fashion-forward. Everyone's very stylish, and the designers are great. It's very my style, grungy and feminine - a bit of everything.''' ,]
+++