+++
author = "Stephanie Ruhle"
title = "Stephanie Ruhle Quotes"
quotes_len = "90"
description = "the best 90 Stephanie Ruhle Quotes"
keywords = "stephanie ruhle,stephanie ruhle quotes,stephanie ruhle quote,stephanie ruhle sayings,stephanie ruhle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I write out my schedule for the week ahead on a white board. I step back. I take a second to look at it - to evaluate what each commitment means to me and my family. I ask myself, 'Will my participation have an impact? Is my attendance essential to the success of the event or to the person I'm supporting, even if I know I won't be present?'''' ,'''When I got to college, my sister was starting work, and she realized she had two weeks of vacation a year, so she called me and said, 'Go abroad.' So right after my freshman year, I went and I studied in Guatemala, and I studied in Kenya, and I studied in Italy, and it was incredible.''' ,'''No doubt bias exists everywhere, but Wall Street is a ferocious battlefield with everyone in search of the next rainmaker or best strategy. It shouldn't matter who delivers it.''' ,'''You know it's time to step back and take a long, hard look at yourself when a New York City cabbie is giving you life advice.''' ,'''When I first started working, I thought I would have a career in my 20s and a family in my 30s. But when I got pregnant with my first, I was really just hitting my stride professionally. That's when I realized it wasn't an either/or decision.''' ,'''There's only one thing I love more than race day: the morning after! The morning after the Marathon, New York catches running fever. The Hudson River bike path on Manhattan's west side was like a traffic jam of joggers on Monday morning. No doubt the great race fires up the endurance athlete in all of us - and it's beautiful.''' ,'''In devoting more time and attention to fewer commitments, we can have a bigger impact on the things that matter most.''' ,'''It's amazing how filling my cup with empty calories can lead to filling out the rear of my jeans.''' ,'''I think, for young people, and I think, for women, it's great to work in new products and derivatives products because, if you work in a plain-vanilla product, it's going to take you decades to get to a level where other people are. If you work in a brand new business, no one is more experienced than you are.''' ,'''We try so hard to be excellent and only want the best of the best but, instead of the greatest day ever, try to have a good one.''' ,'''For me, I don't have a loyalty to a set of ideals.''' ,'''I was involved in an organization called the White House Project, and the woman who ran it introduced me to Bloomberg. I told them, 'You can pay me zero dollars, but I need you to give me a TV show to anchor, and I need you to hire someone to teach me where the cameras are.'''' ,'''I love watching the N.Y.C. Marathon - it might even be the best day of the year. I'm already in a true romance with the Big Apple, but the determination, spirit, sport, and glory that are all in full force on race day make it a true standout.''' ,'''Work-life balance is not just a buzzy, self-help term that real business people laugh at. You need it.''' ,'''You cannot change who you are, so don't punish yourself for your shortcomings. Know who you are, give it your best, and celebrate it.''' ,'''I want to tell stories of impact.''' ,'''Just because something doesn't confirm your existing beliefs does not mean it's a hoax.''' ,'''Seek out different perspectives.''' ,'''When a woman stands up and is strong and commanding, she's called bossy. When a man does the same thing, people say, 'They're strong.'''' ,'''I joined Bloomberg Television as an anchor in 2011 after spending fourteen years on Wall Street. In many ways, the industries are similar: it's about relationship-building, trust, and problem solving.''' ,'''The most talented investors are animals solely focused on winning.''' ,'''It's essential that the media is sober and intentional in everything they do, and that's something we should all keep top of mind.''' ,'''Like a lot of overcommitted, overworked Americans, I do not have much time to exercise. Plain and simple. Instead of merely accepting this sad fact, I remind myself of it constantly, so that on the 95 percent of days I know I won't make it to the gym, I remember to go out of my way to get my body moving.''' ,'''When you see celebrities say, 'I hope the economy bottoms out to get rid of Trump,' I think that helps Trump.''' ,'''People stop believing what the media tells them when they see media superstars say things like, 'Let the economy fail.'''' ,'''All of us, as humans, as Americans, as people who are lucky enough to be a part of this country's ideals, should care about our neighbors seeking refuge.''' ,'''You want to call me out for being a person? Bring it on.''' ,'''My favorite commencement addresses are the ones that get real and don't make too many promises.''' ,'''People confuse integrity with the idea of a high moral standing. I think integrity is saying you're going to do something and doing it.''' ,'''I believe it's on everyone - men and women - to knock down stereotypes and outdated assumptions.''' ,'''I think I have a loyalty to try to make the best news show I can every day.''' ,'''It has been a true honor to wear a Bloomberg badge, and this credential has been the passport to sit across from some of the greatest titans of industry, including Mike Bloomberg, the visionary behind this extraordinary company.''' ,'''We live surrounded by people who sound like us, vote like us, spend like us. We get only the news we want to. And then scream into the social media echo chamber that is designed to serve us up information we already like.''' ,'''Pregnancy forces you to put your health first.''' ,'''People just want to live their best lives. They want to be socially free, physically safe, and financially secure.''' ,'''My boys are wild. My daughter is wild.''' ,'''There are women crossing the border, finding border control agents to turn themselves in so they can begin the process of asylum, only to have their children taken from them with no idea of where they're going or when they'll see them again.''' ,'''All of my life, I've been blessed with a fast metabolism and a petite physique.''' ,'''One of the things that's great about the financial industry is, it's really financially rewarding.''' ,'''Wall Street is not the right career for everyone or for every woman. That is clear. But it can't be wrong for every woman. A big job in a trading house can't only be the head of Human Resources or chief operating officer in charge of overhead.''' ,'''When I had my first child, I was too embarrassed to tell a single soul that I wasn't the over-the-moon, picture-perfect new mother I was supposed to be.''' ,'''While you may watch what you eat, food is only half the battle. Liquid calories count just as much - maybe even more!''' ,'''During my eight years at Deutsche Bank, the bank ticked every box with the elite development programs, coaching, mission statements for the advancement of women - and I was proud to be a part of it.''' ,'''I know how important it is to drink water, but plain H2O bores me to death, so I inevitably end up dehydrated.''' ,'''Graduation is an important day. It is a significant achievement.''' ,'''College has become a business, and because of that, it can be gamed.''' ,'''Like most, I've had an on again, off again relationship with fitness, sometimes beginning every day at the gym only to forget about my membership for months at a time.''' ,'''I worked in finance for 14 years, and I loved it. But after the financial industry, I thought a lot about, 'Do I love what I'm doing?'''' ,'''In many ways, I don't think journalism is any different from banking. And I don't think that banking is any different from parenting.''' ,'''Completing college is a big deal, and commencements do a good job of making the moment feel big.''' ,'''Stop overanalyzing how you 'feel' about your job and focus on being great at it. That will lead to bigger and better opportunities.''' ,'''Whatever job you're asked to do, whether you think it's mundane, boring, or beneath you, do the best job you can. No assignment should be treated as a task. Before you can climb the ladder, you need to build a good foundation.''' ,'''I never expected to join the ranks of commencement speakers, especially at my alma mater. I had a tough time there, left eagerly, and returned rarely.''' ,'''In reality, no one on Wall Street cares about anything except performance.''' ,'''From Warren Buffett to Jamie Dimon to Paul Tudor Jones, no one has cracked the code and put a critical mass of top women in the C-Suite or near it.''' ,'''The smartest and most successful people I know are the people who are constantly evolving, always learning. It does not end with school.''' ,'''The inhumane treatment of families turned an immigration issue into an immigration crisis.''' ,'''When I started at NBC, I'm quite sure there wasn't a plan or initiative that we need to make sure the girls are anchoring the shows.''' ,'''In banking, it was my responsibility to deliver investment opportunities and solutions to hedge fund clients, and at Bloomberg, it's my job to break down news that matters to our viewers and readers.''' ,'''For so many career women who are also mothers, our own well-being comes last. But when you take the time to make your health a priority, other parts of your life will fall into line.''' ,'''If you are cheating on the SATs so your son or daughter can get into Yale, what do you think it's going to be like for them when they show up to Yale, and they should be at a completely different school?''' ,'''I don't remember at all what was said at my college graduation, and I think that's the case for many people.''' ,'''Two of our favorite excuses for holding onto a few extra pounds and being out of shape: Too little time and too little money.''' ,'''Of course the female experience is different from those of our male peers - just like every woman's story is different from their fellow females.''' ,'''Having the responsibilities of family life forced me to drown out office politics and focus on delivering my best at home and work.''' ,'''Your life shouldn't necessarily cost exactly how much money you make.''' ,'''Social media is amazing because it's opened a platform for so many people to have a voice - but that voice can get inside your head, and it can really mess with you. The only way to avoid that is to have a strong sense of self. I can't say that I have one, but I can tell you I'm working really hard on it.''' ,'''Life has a way of creeping up on us.''' ,'''We may not want to say it out loud, but motherhood is hard.''' ,'''We are all human, and we do bad things sometimes.''' ,'''When I was 23, 24, I started covering hedge funds - a lot of this was luck - when no one else did. This was before hedge funds were the prettiest girl in school: this was pre-nose job and treadmill for hedge funds, when nobody talked to them - back then, it was just all about insurance companies and money managers.''' ,'''The jobs Americans don't want are the ones the migrants fill.''' ,'''Gym memberships and personal trainers can be very expensive, but they're not required for getting the body you want.''' ,'''I think the media's responsibility is to get to the bottom of things - to get to the truth.''' ,'''Life - life is not fair. But it can be extraordinary.''' ,'''People label themselves husbands, wives, moms, sisters, and friends before they label themselves Democrats or Republicans.''' ,'''If I can bring a little light, love, and laughter into my environment, it's a win.''' ,'''Americans of all backgrounds and in all kinds of circumstances are stressed out by feeling overwhelmed and being over-committed.''' ,'''Since leaving DB, I have participated in many conferences and swish events that other financial institutions have held for their women's groups.''' ,'''Work hard on yourself; don't be hard on yourself.''' ,'''Every year, deans of admissions are pushed: 'Did you increase the number of applicants? Did you decrease the acceptance rate?' And it's an institutional priority for colleges and universities to look for students that are going to have a philanthropic family that could give to that school.''' ,'''Very early in my career, I almost went to journalism school.''' ,'''I don't think there's anyone who is saying a life of a child in Idaho or Iowa means less than someone on the other side of the border.''' ,'''If you commit to too many things, they become miserable experiences.''' ,'''When I first entered this business, I said, 'Well, this will be good to stay in for 10 years or so; then I'll start a family.' Then 10 years came, and I thought, 'I'm just hitting my stride. There's no way I'm leaving.'''' ,'''If you're like me, and self-motivation just doesn't get the job done, maybe a little fitness-app competition is just what you need to ignite your need to get moving. It's worth a shot!''' ,'''Everything you say on TV counts. You say it on record, with people watching you.''' ,'''I've never been the smartest or most qualified for any job I've ever had, and I'm talking waitressing, babysitting, you name it. But I know I've got the will to win. And I learned how to bet on myself and take a shot.''' ,'''Investing is pure.''' ,'''International Women's Day means many things to many people. Officially, it is 'a global day celebrating the social, economic, cultural and political achievements of women.' These are important points that deserve to be called out - so we all remember their significance.''' ,]
+++