+++
author = "Keeley Hazell"
title = "Keeley Hazell Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Keeley Hazell Quotes"
keywords = "keeley hazell,keeley hazell quotes,keeley hazell quote,keeley hazell sayings,keeley hazell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've done some acting stuff - a couple of films and other projects. But the thing I've been most passionate about is my writing.''' ,'''The thing about sexiness is that it's been painted as evil.''' ,'''Australia is going to do great things for my Instagram feed.''' ,'''Before I turned my attention to acting and writing I was a model.''' ,'''Kate Moss is always photographed without her top on, but she doesn't get any grief. Why me?''' ,'''Since I can remember, it had been my dream to be a Hollywood star.''' ,'''I didn't notice my parents' split because I was off doing my own thing. I was very naughty.''' ,'''The fear of not succeeding becomes replaced with the courage to pursue the things that interest you outside of the career you're trying to forge.''' ,'''Glamour' makes me think of a girl with bleached-blonde hair and a boob job falling out of Chinawhites on a Wednesday night. It makes the whole thing sound sleazy.''' ,'''I suppose I came to a realisation that being a serious actress and being on the cover of 'FHM' don't need to be mutually exclusive.''' ,'''Society tells you that you can't be smart and sexy, and that's totally wrong.''' ,'''If I wanted to make it out of the hood, which I did, and do something fulfilling with my life then I needed a job that paid me a lot of money. Coincidentally, I found that job being a glamour model.''' ,'''I think I've been in a perpetual quarter-life crisis consistently throughout my twenties.''' ,'''I auditioned twice for 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' - that was a pretty, erm, 'interesting' experience.''' ,'''The abuse of power in Hollywood is an epidemic that needs to change and hopefully the women brave enough to speak out against Harvey Weinstein have made other men look at the behaviour and realise it is unacceptable.''' ,'''I left school at the age of 16 with no education or income; taking the first job I could get working in a hair salon.''' ,'''I hate people being patronising.''' ,'''I know you think that a quarter-life crisis is thought to happen when you finish college. Well, mine started around the time I was supposed to finish college.''' ,'''The abuse of power in the film and television industry is a tale as old as time. I've lost count of the amount of times I have attended professional meetings with someone in a more powerful position than myself under the pretence of work.''' ,'''I didn't do very well at school - teachers picked on me, I'm sure of it - and I'd stay out all hours of the night with my mates.''' ,'''L.A. is built from pockets of neighbourhoods that are quite spread apart, meaning there is no centralised area in comparison to London - where getting around town is much easier.''' ,'''For some reason, when I drive a sports car everything becomes sexy.''' ,'''I was originally granted a visa for people of extraordinary abilities, then got a green card thanks to my modelling background and now I am officially an American with dual nationality.''' ,'''Having been a 'Page 3' model I know what is it like to be singled out as one thing, to be dismissed as unintelligent and only possessing one quality.''' ,'''I love seeing myself on TV. Every time one of my adverts play, I see dollar signs, ha.''' ,'''An artist is someone who paints and is creative, but they are not necessarily using their brains too much. And it's the same in modelling.''' ,'''There's this perception that you can't be more than one thing. That if you're dubbed 'sexy' you can no longer be anything else. That you become intellectually uncomplicated, incapable of accomplishing anything other than appearing to be an object for men. And it's rubbish.''' ,'''I wanted to experience college and to travel for my selfish reasons.''' ,'''I always wanted to live here in America and originally moved to Los Angeles to study acting.''' ,'''I absolutely loved working for 'The Sun' on 'Page 3.' It was an amazing job and a catalyst for future opportunities.''' ,'''I'm actually into the idea of doing stand-up comedy, as a joke. You know how people do karaoke for fun? Well it would sort of be like that.''' ,'''Admittedly I agreed with Rupert Murdoch that 'Page 3' is 'old fashioned' and the removal based on that is plausible, but surely 'Page 3' is an institution?''' ,'''The truth is that women want to be viewed as sexy. It brings out a different side of you, which is incredibly liberating.''' ,'''My ability to model does not have an effect on my ability to be an actress. But casting directors and agents in the U.K. wouldn't give me the time of day.''' ,'''I should make it clear that I'm on the same side of the fight for women's rights and support any change in society that allows men and women to be equal.''' ,'''I wanted to act from a young age and it didn't seem like a reality for me growing up.''' ,'''I grew up in a working class family in South East London with no money.''' ,'''At 18 years old, you don't think about the impact the job will have on the future. You're not completely switched on to how society views women, so while it was such a great experience there is still a snobbery about 'Page 3,' which is a huge shame.''' ,'''I don't see myself as an object, I see myself more as a fantasy to men.''' ,'''Society tells women that you can't be a complex human being with contradicting qualities.''' ,'''I've always been comfortable with taking my clothes off.''' ,'''I think I am a feminist in that I believe in equal pay between men and women.''' ,'''While a lot of my friends were working in Sainsbury's, I was travelling the world and appearing in newspapers, magazines and attending glamorous photoshoots.''' ,'''I'm just a model. 'Pin-up girl' is out of fashion, but I really like the sound of that.''' ,]
+++