+++
author = "Bryan Fuller"
title = "Bryan Fuller Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Bryan Fuller Quotes"
keywords = "bryan fuller,bryan fuller quotes,bryan fuller quote,bryan fuller sayings,bryan fuller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I go to your home, and you're cooking me a meal, I will eat whatever you put in front of me.''' ,'''If you're trying to make a recipe that you're not even going to bother tasting, you're doing something wrong.''' ,'''I read 'Red Dragon' back in high school. I love Thomas Harris' approach to the crime thriller that crossed over into horror in a way that nobody really tapped into.''' ,'''I only eat meat if I go to a nice restaurant and there is an exceptional dish, or if I'm at somebody's home for a dinner, I'll eat whatever is in front of me. Otherwise, I don't eat anything that walks around and has a face.''' ,'''If you are going to be serving a living thing, you have to honor that living thing with some kind of care and thought and preparation to rationalize the taking of that life in some way. Where if you're just grinding up hamburger at McDonald's, I see that as a bit of an affront to living things.''' ,'''I like working, and my brain sort of keeps going whether I like it or not.''' ,'''If somebody is mean or rude, I just, I don't engage - just block and say, 'Well, that's not very polite.'''' ,'''Horror films have always been quite operatic for me. I always sort of scratch my head at people's offense to them? If you don't get them, and you don't like them, then don't watch them.''' ,'''I'm incredibly proud of 'Hannibal' and the cast - I feel like we're doing really good television.''' ,'''The more real the murder is, the less interested I am in seeing it. It's hard enough to watch the news.''' ,'''I think one of the things that was a huge surprise to everyone with 'Silence of the Lambs' was that that was an Oscar-winning horror movie. It struck such a nerve with audiences that it was a very particular, special experience.''' ,'''One of the things that's important for anybody adapting source material that is primarily a male buddy picture is to find ways to latch on to strong female characters in the piece and bring them to the forefront and celebrate their point of view alongside the men; otherwise, it becomes a sausage party, and it's a singular point of view.''' ,'''I felt, selfishly, that if there was going to be a TV show about 'Hannibal Lecter' whether I was going to be involved or not, I'd rather be involved. I wanted to make sure it was something I wanted to watch.''' ,'''I got into writing to become a 'Star Trek' writer. I was a rabid fan. I had shelves and shelves and shelves of action figures in my bedroom that scared away more dates than I care to admit to.''' ,'''I love actors, and I love the casting process. It's funny, like, some writers don't like actors because, I think, they are the faces of the show, and so you feel sort of secondary, but I love actors because they elevate the material; they make it better.''' ,'''When you are developing something, you have to look at it individually. You can't compare and contrast it to the projects around it, because that way madness lies.''' ,'''What was always interesting about Thomas Harris' books is they were a wonderful hybridization of a crime thriller and a horror movie.''' ,'''People who have passion for horror stories, their appreciation/my appreciation is looking at it as opera.''' ,'''With land-roaming animals, I've just read so much about the sophistication of their emotional lives and their intelligence and the way they process information that betrays a greater intelligence.''' ,'''Upfronts are all about ad sales.''' ,'''For me, nudity and strong language have never been huge loadbearing elements of how I like to tell a story. Graphic images certainly are.''' ,'''I was such a huge fan of 'The X-Files.'''' ,'''I love horror, fantasy and sci-fi. Those are my genres of love and devotion.''' ,]
+++