+++
author = "Dani Alves"
title = "Dani Alves Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Dani Alves Quotes"
keywords = "dani alves,dani alves quotes,dani alves quote,dani alves sayings,dani alves saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love football, adore it.''' ,'''Jose Mourinho is a great coach. I would really like to work with him, and I once came close. He knows what weapons to use against teams, and he has won everything.''' ,'''I don't understand why everyone fights for power, money, fame.''' ,'''You have to be strong and calm to overcome difficult moments.''' ,'''The world is evolving, and we must evolve with it.''' ,'''I would not play in Madrid. If I leave Barca, I would not go there. My Madrid train has passed.''' ,'''I think Neymar is one of the few players who was touched by God when he was born, and He said, 'You will be thee player.'''' ,'''If people only knew how much I respect Cristiano Ronaldo. I will repeat it to make myself clear: I respect Cristiano Ronaldo.''' ,'''Before I go up against the best forwards in the world - Cristiano Ronaldo, Lionel Messi, Neymar - I study their strengths and weaknesses like an obsession, and then I plan how I am going to attack. My goal is to show the world that Dani Alves is on the same level.''' ,'''English football is a type of football which excites me a lot.''' ,'''I have lived with a lot of racism in Spain. Unfortunately, I have had to learn to deal with it.''' ,'''From God, I have the strength and intelligence to have alternatives and can live even without football.''' ,'''I like to have personality in my way of dressing. I think being normal is a bit boring.''' ,'''I left hurt because I think I fought hard to create a great history at Barcelona. I left with 23 titles in eight years.''' ,'''The most important thing in life is to know where you come from, and I know where I come from.''' ,'''I always say that in life, you should embrace those who want to embrace you.''' ,'''For those who are genuinely passionate about football, Barca are worthy of admiration.''' ,'''The fear of losing makes you better because it stops you cruising.''' ,'''Everything Neymar does turns into news. If he gets emotional, they criticise. If he colours his hair, they criticise.''' ,'''When you have experienced players, you don't tremble when it comes to playing in a hostile atmosphere or under pressure.''' ,'''A player cannot rely only on his name to make a difference but also has to work hard and make things happen on the pitch.''' ,'''For me, Thiago Silva remains the best defender in the world.''' ,'''People who want to know who I am, or my history, put my name into Google.''' ,'''I know that if the people close to me are happy, I am happy, and I can do my job better.''' ,'''I sometimes think that life is a circle. See, I cannot get away from genius. At Barca, I had Messi. At Juve, I have Paulo Dybala. Genius follows me everywhere, I swear.''' ,'''I don't have an expiry date. My body is my answer - when I see that I can no longer compete, when my head is not in it anymore, it will be the time to stop.''' ,'''When things begin to go negative, sometimes we just have to cover our ears and not let such circumstances influence us.''' ,'''Money's a necessary evil, there to give you moments. It gives me things I couldn't have - nice things - but happiness? That's a not a question of money and fame. Quite the opposite.''' ,'''I think that the best player in the world should be quiet, humble, and friendly. Lionel Messi is all of these things, while Cristiano often lacks some of these qualities.''' ,'''My parents gave me a practical example of what life was about, and I won't forget that.''' ,'''Sometimes I think that people are not prepared to listen and discuss truths.''' ,'''Starting in a World Cup is always complicated, hard, and important. When you start well... The rest of the competitors are watching. I think it's the most important match in a World Cup, along with the final.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of Michael Jordan, and I love the game of basketball.''' ,'''I like attacking football, but that's not the only thing the game's about.''' ,'''Fans insult me and call me 'monkey.' At first, I was quite shocked, but now I do not give it importance.''' ,'''I have had disagreements with journalists, but they annoy me so much when they don't talk about football.''' ,'''I think that my team is more important than me.''' ,'''When I signed for Barca, I knew their playing style was suited to my game.''' ,'''Those who know Neymar know his great quality and how special he is. And I insist again, we have to take care of players like that; they illuminate football. It's players like him that make football have any sense.''' ,'''The idea that I might finish my career without going to the Premier League, it is not possible.''' ,'''I always think about life, and I think that we are here with a mission, and once we have done our mission, we go somewhere else.''' ,'''Players earn their wages, their livelihoods, and their right to compete to win things out on the pitch and not off it.''' ,'''I always have the desire for a new challenge.''' ,'''Everyone wants, wants, wants... and when they have, they feel desperate.''' ,'''I like happiness, and when people try to destroy that, it winds me up.''' ,'''Decisions are for the brave, and I am the bravest, deciding to leave Barcelona and Juventus.''' ,'''Even without tactical discipline, what is important for a team is having players with maturity and a sense of responsibility.''' ,'''At Barcelona, it wasn't about winning all the time; it was first about how to win.''' ,'''Cristiano works hard. We have our battles, but I admire him. He is a guy with great dedication, and he's competitive.''' ,'''Messi has a divine gift.''' ,'''I enjoy gastronomy, music, and fashion, so I'll end up involved in one of those three areas - or all three! They're things I have a passion for, and I only do what I'm passionate about.''' ,'''When you want to win, you are doomed to suffer conflicts.''' ,'''To be a great champion, you have to believe that you are the best, and if you aren't, then you have to act as though you are.''' ,'''At other clubs I have been, at Juventus, at Barca, we had two 'ships': one for the domestic league and another for the Champions League.''' ,'''I am a player who finds it easy to adapt to the circumstances, and I don't think I would have had a problem adapting to England.''' ,'''In life, you have to weigh everything up, even when they are just decisions about your career.''' ,'''If you lose a title, perhaps it's because your rivals are better than you are. But to be demoted from the top flight is really heartbreaking.''' ,'''People think that footballers just have a kick around with their mates. If they win, fine; if they don't, that's then fine, too. No pasa nada. No. You have an obligation and responsibility.''' ,'''All my fights with Cristiano were because of the press.''' ,'''I've already promised that I want to end my career where I started it, as a way of thanking those who gave me the chance to make my name in football. I want to have a spell there before I retire, but one that's enjoyable for me and for them, too.''' ,'''I watch loads of football; whenever I am not playing, I am at home watching matches, including the English league.''' ,'''If you do the same as all the rest, you're the same as all the rest: I don't want to be just another player.''' ,'''Before I went to Juventus, I made a final promise to the board at Barcelona. I said, 'You're going to miss me.' I didn't mean as a player. Barca have plenty of incredible players. What I meant was that they were going to miss my spirit.''' ,'''I love English football. I love the way people live it so intensely.''' ,'''Leo Messi is a little football God. I love playing alongside him. We understand each other without needing to talk.''' ,'''For me, 'rich' isn't having lots of money; rich is having loads of things in your head.''' ,'''I'm a good crazy. A crazy good guy. Someone who makes the most of life.''' ,'''At Brazil, we play as a collective, something that also happens in Barcelona, but not at Real Madrid.''' ,'''Having my friends close to me is always a pleasure, a great honour.''' ,'''Behind the footballer, there is a human being.''' ,'''If you live your life by what others say, it stops being your life.''' ,'''A national team is a reflection of its country's football, and both Brazil and Argentina have earned respect for what they've achieved.''' ,'''I never hid my move to Real Madrid was almost done... my fate changed, and I arrived at Barcelona instead.''' ,'''Yes, I love shoes and especially Jordans; they're always beautiful.''' ,'''It is hard to improve someone as a player, but is easier to help someone become a better person.''' ,'''People automatically think that because you attack, you can't defend. Not true.''' ,'''What happens on the pitch stays on the pitch.''' ,'''In life, people move on their interests and even more when money is an issue.''' ,'''Google seems to be more intelligent than some people.''' ,'''I have faced many, but the most annoying was James Milner. He follows you forward and follows you backwards. It's very difficult because he attacks you and defends you, and then attacks you and defends you again.''' ,'''In football, I've always been about adapting to what's asked of me, to what my team-mates need from me. I'm a team player.''' ,'''I'm a very restless person, and new experiences excite me more than anything else.''' ,'''I like my decisions to be taken carefully, so they don't harm anyone close to me, so that the people close to me are happy.''' ,'''If you have a negative model, you do negative things. If you have a positive model, like Guardiola, who says positive things and tells you to compete on the pitch and to play football, it's much better.''' ,'''Messi is much better than Cristiano Ronaldo.''' ,'''I think we always look up to legends and people who not only win but give us a larger than life role model... I think Michael Jordan is this, someone who became bigger than his sport.''' ,'''It's the old story: do you want a normal car, or something top of the range? That is how I am - the older I am, the more expensive I am!''' ,'''Criticising is a weapon of the weak.''' ,'''Sometimes, words are twisted and don't reach people in their intended way.''' ,'''I am so dedicated, so passionate, and that counts for more than what crazy people throw at me.''' ,'''Barcelona focus a lot on what Barcelona does and not on what others are going to do. It creates a different way of working. Of course we studied our opponents to see their weak points and their strong points, but 70 per cent of the time, it was about us.''' ,'''What's football for? To win. And to win, you have to score more.''' ,'''Barcelona is my home. It's impossible to say that I wouldn't return.''' ,'''In life, we should explore options outside our comfort zone.''' ,'''Guardiola improved me a lot as a footballer. He taught me a lot of things, and that's why, in every interview I'm asked, I always say the same thing: He is the best manager that I have worked with.''' ,'''When I was 18, I moved across the ocean just for the opportunity to play for a club that played against Barcelona. So to have the honour of playing for Barca? It was incredible.''' ,'''People are marked down for their age - once you get past 30, people look at you a bit funny. When you get to 35, the questions are all, 'When are you going to stop?' Calm down!''' ,'''I respect people with high levels of self-esteem.''' ,'''Anytime someone is wearing Jordan, you have to respect!''' ,'''I have flaws, but I'm honest.''' ,]
+++