+++
author = "H. Jon Benjamin"
title = "H. Jon Benjamin Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 H. Jon Benjamin Quotes"
keywords = "h. jon benjamin,h. jon benjamin quotes,h. jon benjamin quote,h. jon benjamin sayings,h. jon benjamin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I worked a lot on 'Conan' as an actor, and when I moved to New York, a lot of my friends were on the first staff of that show. I started doing bit parts, which was the first thing I'd done on camera in front of a live audience.''' ,'''It's mainly been the case where I do very few live action roles - not out of choice but more out of not getting asked.''' ,'''It feels like animation has a little more independence than traditional sitcoms ever did.''' ,'''I'm not opposed to putting myself in danger for meaningless comedy.''' ,'''If you do nothing long enough, something's bound to happen.''' ,'''Cute girls and burgers. What more can you ask for? That's why we live in America.''' ,'''I think, to a degree, I'm maybe more suited for voice work. And I don't just mean my face and body. Because maybe there's something about what I do that just, for some reason, is better to just hear me.''' ,'''I sweat a lot.''' ,'''I started doing comedy with no plan to do voice work. Voice work came as a function of doing comedy and meeting people who eventually develop shows like that. I didn't seek out from an early age to be on cartoons.''' ,'''I need to lose some weight. I'm getting really fat. But I'm getting older, and I just can't stop eating wonderful food. Rich, wonderful food.''' ,''''Bob's Burgers' is done with the cast all together - not necessarily all together: some are in L.A. and some are in New York, but we're hearing each other. So scenes are performed as a group. And 'Archer' is just me alone in a booth.''' ,'''I worked in restaurants, and I worked in the Cambridge Public Library.''' ,'''I remember on 'Dr. Katz,' there was no script really at all. There were just scene outlines.''' ,'''I never pursued acting with, like, auditions. If anything, I was given roles by people who knew me and liked what I did.''' ,'''I had no intention of ever doing voice-overs. I wasn't opposed to them; I just didn't have any particular knowledge of how or why people do that.''' ,'''I wasn't classically trained as an actor; I wasn't pursuing standup comedy. I really came into it through the back door. And there was a benefit to that, I think, because I wasn't pressing; I wasn't pushing.''' ,'''For me, performing isn't really particularly difficult.''' ,'''Voice actors I used to know who were starting out in comedy were guys who did a lot of voices. They were usually comedy actors who developed their comedy by doing tons of impressions and voices that were usually very funny. And I never did any of that, so that's, I guess, why I don't consider myself a voice actor.''' ,'''I actually walk through Washington Square Park a lot.''' ,'''I was a teenager when 'Miami Vice' came out, and that was such a huge show.''' ,'''I've never worked for a show or was on a show where I didn't have a lot of control creatively, but then again, I haven't worked on a lot of shows.''' ,'''It's physically hard for me to work. I start to break down, physically. My joints start. I get weepy eyes. I don't sleep well. I was never a hard worker, I guess. So the voiceover work ethic is really great for me - couple days a month, two hours a day.''' ,'''I've learned to wait 'til an idea is worth making. That's not really a lesson I've learned; I sort of always did it that way. But there's no reason or need to make videos prior to when you make a show, because then you need material for it.''' ,'''I sing a little bit, yeah. But I sing very poorly.''' ,'''Incompetent and relentless are the worst combination of qualities.''' ,'''I am recognized a lot for 'Master of None.' It seems like that show really touched a cultural nerve in a good way.''' ,'''Writing is the hardest for me. It doesn't come as naturally as the other forms, and I feel far more dread during the process. Acting and voice acting are more mercurial and maybe come a little easier to me.''' ,'''I'm something of a foodie, I guess, and I'm a big Chinese food fan.''' ,'''My foray into comedy was to avoid getting a job.''' ,'''I don't consider myself a very good actor. I'm not bad, but there's not a lot of range in characterizations for me.''' ,'''I think the personal stories that I tell in my life, I think, sort of do add up to say that you can fail and fail and fail again and continue to move forward.''' ,'''I don't recommend not working hard, but it's worked for me.''' ,'''David Wain's character on 'Bob's Burgers' is really funny and silly and makes me laugh.''' ,]
+++