+++
author = "Eden Sher"
title = "Eden Sher Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Eden Sher Quotes"
keywords = "eden sher,eden sher quotes,eden sher quote,eden sher sayings,eden sher saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I mostly like to travel and volunteer because I get antsy if I stay in my comfort zone for too long.''' ,'''I live in a constant state of hyperbole.''' ,'''I love oral hygiene.''' ,'''I would love to be able to see as much of the world as possible, and volunteering, doing things in another community, living with a host family, are really effective ways to learn about cultures different from your own. And also to not feel lazy.''' ,'''I have some sarcastic sides of me.''' ,'''I remember the general anxiety of teenager, and I remember establishing some sort of appearance based on what my peers would think. And cliques, oh my God, the worst. The worst!''' ,'''I went to public school my whole life. It was a performing arts school, so I can't say if it was a typical experience or not, because it's all I know.''' ,'''On Christmas, my family and I see a movie and go out for Chinese food. We don't celebrate Christmas in the traditional sense, in that we do not actually celebrate Christmas.''' ,'''I have had just an excess of energy. That's why I've always been active.''' ,'''I never want to sound preachy about youth and feminism, but I feel like there aren't enough young people coming out about their concerns and opinions.''' ,'''Someone was asking me what my favorite outfit is, and 100%, without a doubt in my mind, is my forever lazy.''' ,'''The hair department is always on my case about washing my hair. I am incredibly lazy, and a brat about washing my hair.''' ,'''I don't realize how rare it is to genuinely have sincere love for everyone you work with. Especially in Hollywood, but even in life.''' ,'''I feel very strongly that young women have regressed a little bit. But I do get all preachy about it.''' ,'''I am the middle child with an older and younger brother.''' ,'''I love the holidays on 'The Middle' because I feel like I'm getting that very traditional American holiday experience that I never had growing up.''' ,'''I went to a Katy Perry concert, and I experienced pure bliss for the first time in my life.''' ,]
+++