+++
author = "Tessa Virtue"
title = "Tessa Virtue Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Tessa Virtue Quotes"
keywords = "tessa virtue,tessa virtue quotes,tessa virtue quote,tessa virtue sayings,tessa virtue saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My big break occurred when I was six years old and met Scott Moir.''' ,'''I want to ensure that I'm sending the right messages and that I'm empowering others, and doing things that feel like they're in line with my values.''' ,'''I can get very quiet and internalize things.''' ,'''I am actually quite boring!''' ,'''In my family, education was always important.''' ,'''The challenge is to balance the technical elements and what is required of us with being artists and telling a story.''' ,'''Truthfully, what we do in training is 10 times harder than what we ever have to do in a competition.''' ,'''It's very tough to transfer ballroom technique onto the ice, to give the illusion of the proper hip motion and position, with the speed and glide of the blade.''' ,'''School's always been very important to me.''' ,'''Obviously, I've reaped the benefits of sport and activity. But not many girls, as it turns out, even have the resources available to them to be physically active or to maintain that as they go through high school.''' ,'''I have a muscular build and I've learned to embrace that because it's makes me strong, giving me speed and power on the ice. It's a different kind of femininity - one that doesn't fit the norm.''' ,'''I definitely dress based on my mood.''' ,'''It's funny that I love golf so much because I'm not usually drawn to things I'm not so good at. It's all about practice and working and not getting discouraged.''' ,'''We're so excited to skate in a Canadian market.''' ,'''I think everyone struggles to feel comfortable in their skin or has at one time or another.''' ,'''I'm very task-oriented. The idea of constantly pursuing something with purpose helps me to stay focused.''' ,'''We're in a world and a society where we're all striving for this perfection that doesn't exist.''' ,'''A lot of the emotions we portray are universal themes that resonate with everyone, so the fact that people feel invested in our partnership is truly remarkable.''' ,'''The honour of carrying the Canadian flag... brings with it a sense of duty, privilege, and above all, great pride.''' ,'''Being out with an injury is always a tough thing, and coming back, you're never sure where you might fit in.''' ,'''I'm quite fair and I need to protect myself with a good ball cap. Any time I can rep the Jays or the Leafs is great.''' ,'''There's no easy way to the top of anything, but it's a lot of hard work and I feel maybe I have the confidence in that recipe, or the confidence in myself.''' ,'''I joined the Young Philanthropists Circle at the Musee Des Beaux Arts, we have little events every month where you learn about a different artist and you see the exhibit and you get an inside an inside look at the technique used.''' ,'''At all times, there's discussion about the percentage of body fat I have, how I look on the ice and about how much skin a certain costume is showing.''' ,'''When I'm not on the ice, I do interval work on the bike or the elliptical, trying to mimic a four-minute routine. But it doesn't come close.''' ,'''It's so uncommon for athletes to push themselves the way they do and not have injuries as a result.''' ,'''We're in a pressure-filled sport for sure, but anything in an Olympic season is heightened, the highs are higher and the lows are lower, and everything just takes on grander proportions.''' ,'''I love the idea of women empowering other women. We need to come together and support one another and embrace one another.''' ,'''I knew without doubt that I would try and continue my education as I was skating.''' ,'''We're always learning about our bodies and learning how to take care of them properly and how to perform at our best.''' ,'''Let's face it, there's just different access that young boys have to sport and teams than girls.''' ,'''You're never going to regret working out or being active. You might regret not doing it, you might regret pressing that snooze button, but you'll never regret getting physically active.''' ,'''I want people to like me and, if there's any doubt, I sort of worry.''' ,'''Hair and makeup has become part of my pre-competition routine. It's a quiet time, when I can reflect, I can put on some music - and I can mentally get in the zone of performance.''' ,'''I was always the youngest and I think girls, period, try to psych each other out, there are a lot of head games.''' ,'''I always love rosy cheeks, so I am all about blush.''' ,'''I am a big fan of white sheets, hotel bedding and white towels!''' ,'''We come from a rich history of amazing sports and athletes here in Canada and there's been a long legacy before us that helped pave the way. And that's why I grew up believing I could go to the Olympics and stand on the podium one day.''' ,'''I don't think I'm going to look back and wish that I spent more time worrying about my muscles or fat or whatever.''' ,'''My proficiency with ballet was on a steep decline the more I skated.''' ,'''You put yourself in the public eye. You're kind of an open target.''' ,'''I always loved skating but you can get hardened by it and it's discouraging and disheartening.''' ,'''Any chance we have to skate for another Olympic medal, it's amazing.''' ,'''I was so lucky. I grew up with an incredibly strong grandmother, mother and sister. All three, independent, fierce, clever women who were hard workers, had goals and visions for themselves, and were really ambitious. And, they didn't apologize for those goals.''' ,'''Anytime an athlete deals with an injury, it forces you to revaluate and refocus.''' ,'''We're huge Drake fans, I mean, but who isn't?''' ,'''The more people feel comfortable to showcase that and the more we highlight that as a visibility for young girls to see and look up to - I think that's better.''' ,'''I really want to learn French so I think it would be great to go and live in France and maybe learn the language for a few months.''' ,'''Long-term I would love to go to law school.''' ,'''There's something about an Olympic Games and representing Canada and being part of that greater team, so when we're 70, we'll be wanting to be Olympians still. That stays with you, I think.''' ,'''When you have a sense of yourself in space, in your movement, in your muscles, you can express yourself through your body, your instrument. You learn so much about who you are and what your truth is.''' ,'''I don't often wear perfume, because I am sensitive to smells, but vanilla has a warmth to it, and it's inviting and soft.''' ,'''What I love about Nivea is they're all about authenticity. The brand isn't pretending to be anything it isn't.''' ,'''Throughout a competitive career, you can certainly lose yourself trying to please the judges.''' ,'''I've learned a lot about pain management.''' ,'''I think the way you present yourself to the world, whatever kind of task you're tackling, is really important.''' ,'''We have the opportunity to make people feel something, feel some emotion, and then also we get to be just pure athletes, and from a pure technical standpoint do things are really technically demanding, and very challenging. So it's that balance between the two that we love. And we love to play with the limits and push ourselves.''' ,'''Everyone has those insecurities, everyone doubts themselves but it's how we handle that as humans and as people and how we support one another and how we really embrace the things that make us unique.''' ,'''My grandmother used to make the most incredible chicken divan, and my mom has carried out that tradition. It's my comfort food. It's amazing how you can almost taste the memories with a dish like that! And the more leftovers, the better.''' ,'''We found our joy in being athletes in PyeongChang. Our biggest joy was being on the ice. Every moment revolved around just what it would take to win the Olympics.''' ,'''My every day look would be mascara, blush and a little bit of lip balm.''' ,'''I have this platform that I've worked hard for, but now I want to make use of it.''' ,'''Women in figure skating, like in every other industry, are expected to conform to an unrealistic standard of beauty. Unhealthy habits are often encouraged to promote a thin frame, and young girls idealize a skewed definition of 'fit.'''' ,'''As women, we're busy. We're under stress and under pressure, and the expectations are so high for us, so the first thing to go is self-care.''' ,'''When I am home on a weekend, you can bet I am relaxing in sweats!''' ,'''I love getting away from the rink and being in school.''' ,'''Sometimes you forget how good it feels to just move, to express, to make different shapes, and let your body be free.''' ,'''I think that physical confidence transcends to all facets of your life.''' ,'''There's a difference between feeling nervous and feeling: 'I'm not worthy of taking the ice.'''' ,'''Understanding my worth in the market is part of my job, and ensuring I am valued is important to me. I love negotiating, and do so frequently for contracts. I am fair and reasonable, but willing to walk away if a deal cannot be struck.''' ,'''I drink hot water and lemon every morning.''' ,'''You have your best workouts when you go in thinking you don't want to do it, because you're so satisfied with your own determination and grit.''' ,'''Hydration is a key thing, as an athlete yes, but also for your skin, and I do notice the biggest difference when I stay hydrated.''' ,'''What we portray on the ice is really important to us, and we love getting into character and telling a story.''' ,'''Part of being an athlete is constantly striving for more. We're looking for perfection in a world where that doesn't exist. No matter what we do and what we accomplish or how we perform, we're always looking at areas we can improve upon.''' ,'''Sometimes I need a pump-up song.''' ,'''My mom has always shopped for me. I'm so lucky that I have an in-house stylist.''' ,'''I do feel different whether I'm in the gym or on the ice when I have a cute outfit on. I think most girls can relate - you carry yourself differently.''' ,'''Ultimately, and I can appreciate this as I get older, those quirks and those differences are what I find so attractive about other people, that's what I think being beautiful is.''' ,'''Experience is a really wonderful thing, and in a way we've been fortunate to have had so many ups and downs in our career, and a lot of struggles and a lot of sacrifices. But again, that's just an athlete's story.''' ,'''Given my travels, I've learned to be more open and feel much more comfortable experimenting with food.''' ,'''I've always been such a private person. Even stepping into social media was a new world for me.''' ,'''My cottage is on Lake Huron and it's always nice to have the chance to get away and hear the waves crashing while reading a good book.''' ,'''We've had the good fortune of performing to live music a few times in our career and it always creates a different dynamic.''' ,'''I love golf clothes. I have a lot of fun with the little golf skirts and vests.''' ,'''When we're choreographing, we're on the ice five or six hours a day. The setting for your skin is just horrendous - the stress and the competition makeup and the training itself.''' ,'''I've been told I'm really bad at flirting.''' ,'''For athletes, it is unhealthy to be one-sport focused, especially at a young age. I believe in exposing kids to lots of activities - there are great advantages to being a well-rounded athlete and human, no matter the field of play.''' ,'''There are many things I love about my job! For instance, as a creative outlet, there's no better way to express myself than through choreography and physical movement.''' ,'''I never want to be randomly posing with a product or putting my name to a brand arbitrarily.''' ,'''Part of the attraction to golf may be that it's just a score on the sheet and there's not much you can do about it.''' ,'''I think that's the beauty of the Olympics. There's always a story. There's always someone you're invested in. There are so many Olympic moments that resonate with people all across Canada, and I think that's the beauty of it.''' ,'''School for me has always been a really great balance with the skating.''' ,'''A lot of the figure skating costumes are kind of revealing, so I think it's nice to have glowing, soft, smooth skin.''' ,'''The Nivea Care Cream changed my life.''' ,'''To be held back by fear is to miss out on challenging yourself in different ways.''' ,'''Flawless' is an unattainable thing.''' ,'''It's nice to socialize with some normal students, and kind of separate from my skating life with academics.''' ,'''We care so much about the sport that we invest everything we have into it.''' ,'''I couldn't believe just how emotional I was about the London Olympics. Before the Games even started, I was reading a newspaper sitting in a hair salon and my mom looked over at me and I was just sobbing, because something about seeing the rings and hearing the athletes' excitement and just kind of knowing exactly what they were going through.''' ,]
+++