+++
author = "Lisa Vanderpump"
title = "Lisa Vanderpump Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Lisa Vanderpump Quotes"
keywords = "lisa vanderpump,lisa vanderpump quotes,lisa vanderpump quote,lisa vanderpump sayings,lisa vanderpump saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't watch any television, hardly ever because I'm so busy. I always obviously watch my shows because I blog about it and talk about it, but no, I can watch the news in the morning and that's it.''' ,'''I have a hard time keeping a story straight when I tell the truth because when you start lying you have to remember what you said, and I'm not very good at that.''' ,'''My kids would not get in to bed every night without me telling them that I loved them.''' ,'''I often find that the best parents are the ones without children.''' ,'''I've never been given a ticket by a police man.''' ,'''I'm also interested in pets with alopecia. And design. I'm surprised I haven't gone through with a homeware brand. The bedding, the comforters, the candles, the this and that. I would like to design everything.''' ,'''I'm a very passionate person. I do everything times 10.''' ,'''In Beverly Hills, it's very spoiled in terms of the quality of life. I think the climate and the space and the quality of life in Beverly Hills is exceptional.''' ,'''I don't really care what others think of me. You're not going to please everybody. I care what I think and what my children and my husband thinks.''' ,'''You can film me 24 hours a day and you'll get a very accurate picture of who I am. You see the funny side, I work hard, and I try to be honest and just call it how it is.''' ,'''I don't really lie about anything, I have to be honest. I like to live with the truth.''' ,'''I don't think a man should try to suppress a woman just because he's married to her.''' ,'''Music makes or breaks an atmosphere. It helps to create the mood and also is a very important aural cue; simply shut off the music when you want people to leave.''' ,'''Find what you love to do and you'll never work a day in your life, that's true. But also always try to fill a niche. What can you try to do that is different?''' ,]
+++