+++
author = "Gary Wright"
title = "Gary Wright Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Gary Wright Quotes"
keywords = "gary wright,gary wright quotes,gary wright quote,gary wright sayings,gary wright saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''India profoundly changed my outlook on life because you see how people can be content and very happy with little or even no possessions. It's the reverse of the West.''' ,'''Artists were nurtured back in the '70s. Their music was developed by the record companies.''' ,'''No one likes to work for free. To copy an artist's work and download it free is stealing. It's hard work writing and recording music, and it's morally wrong to steal it.''' ,'''Sometimes when you make a record and it's not successful, you just don't want to go through that process for a while. You want to have your wounds heal.''' ,'''I had no idea 'The Dream Weaver' would be so successful. Everything just fell into place with that album. I pioneered a number of ideas with that album and subsequent tour. The all-keyboard approach with no guitars was a new one, and I was one of the first to use a drum machine in concert. It was an amazing time.''' ,'''The idea to do the album only on keyboards kind of happened by accident. I was quite happy with the sound and felt it really didn't need more instruments, so I didn't use them.''' ,'''I was the first artist, I think, to ever do an all-keyboard album. There were things that resembled it, like Stevie Wonder. A lot of his stuff was on keyboards, but he used brass and he used other things as well. I was the first artist, also, to use drum machines. I was really the one who kind of started that whole thing.''' ,'''My goal is really to continue to make music. I really don't make music to have platinum records and all that kind of stuff. I've been there. I do it because I love music, and I love uplifting people through my music. That's my real goal.''' ,'''I like Anastacia's version of Love is Alive best.''' ,'''It's kind of weird. You can have hits, but it's hard to sustain a career. I went through that period where I didn't have a lot of hits, although people were still buying the records.''' ,'''Music's staying power is a function of how timeless the lyrics, song and production are.''' ,'''I will be developing artists for my new label. The rest is in God's Hands.''' ,'''I scored a movie called 'Endangered Species'. I worked on another movie called 'Staying Alive'. A German film called 'Fire and Ice'.''' ,'''Unfortunately, music devolved instead of evolved. The music business got into the hands of lawyers and accountants rather than the entrepreneurial creative people, and that's when the beginning of the end started. It's all based on money instead of art and creativity.''' ,'''Music is an extremely powerful force if used properly to uplift people. I believe music should be uplifting and not downgrading... it's a very, very powerful tool.''' ,'''I didn't develop or build synths. I had my technicians modify them for my live stage performances.''' ,'''We lived on a farm in the English countryside, where we wrote a lot of our music. You really were treated like an artist during those days-not like product, which is now the mode.''' ,'''My music and lyrics became an extension of this Indian philosophy.''' ,'''By the law of averages, there has to be life elsewhere. The universe is so huge, and I don't think God would have created this whole big huge cosmos and just say there's only going to be life on Earth, and that's it.''' ,'''George Harrison is perhaps one of the most creative people I ever met, not only in his music and songwriting, but just the way he lived his life, decorated his gardens and homes. He was a dear friend of mine. His entire approach to music was very unique.''' ,'''I'm developing artists for my new record label, my son's band, Intangible, being one of them.''' ,'''I had toured so much in the 1960s and 1970s that I wanted a break. I didn't go back touring until 1995.''' ,'''As a kid, I used to love to play baseball and be in Little League and sleep outside with my friends and do all those kind of things.''' ,'''I went to Berlin to study psychology but decided that I was more interested in music and started an R and B band.''' ,'''In 1972, George Harrison invited me to accompany him on a trip to India.''' ,'''The Internet is both great and terrible. As a source of information, a tool for delivering music and art, it's great. But spamming ads and piracy of music is terrible. It's stealing.''' ,'''We visited Ravi. We didn't study with him, as such.''' ,'''The more far-out artists, the better.''' ,'''I always wanted to do something completely different.''' ,'''My voice hasn't changed really very much. I still do all my songs when I perform live and still do them in the original keys. I've been blessed with that ability to retain that.''' ,]
+++