+++
author = "Leslie Jordan"
title = "Leslie Jordan Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Leslie Jordan Quotes"
keywords = "leslie jordan,leslie jordan quotes,leslie jordan quote,leslie jordan sayings,leslie jordan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's so nice that today, young gay men have a choice about who they want to hang out with.''' ,'''All my life I've always been so ashamed of being feminine.''' ,'''Lesbian humor is nothing like gay men's humor. We're sillier.''' ,'''I always thought I'd be good at musicals, and it turns out I make up for my lack of skill with enthusiasm.''' ,'''My mother and grandmother created this secret garden where it was OK for boys to play with dolls, and it was OK for little boys to sew potholders.''' ,'''People are really surprised when they meet me that I'm a recluse. People think I'm very gregarious and outgoing - and I am - I'm thinking about writing a book about it called 'The Gregarious Recluse.' How the more that you put me out there in front of audiences, the more that when I have down time I have to disappear.''' ,'''I knew I was as gay as a goose. Then I ended up in West Hollywood, where the queers hang from the trees. I was home. I had landed.''' ,'''I was always the class clown. I was always the funny one.''' ,'''I've always sang a little like a 16-year-old girl, but even Ann-Margret stopped after a while and brought it down a bit.''' ,'''I have a standup I do in gay bars, and it's filthy. I have to assess the crowd. If it's an all-gay crowd, I'll dip into the stories of my sordid past.''' ,'''I had a degree from the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga, where they said, 'Mr. Jordan, please learn to pronounce your degree.' 'Cause I said I have a degree in 'thee-a-ter.'''' ,'''I was there when APLA was started in somebody's living room.''' ,'''I don't know why all three, my comedic idols are... women.''' ,'''I don't watch scripted television, and I finally figured out why. It's my line of work, you know? It's what I do.''' ,'''The fact that I had a gay agent was good because he could say: 'Honey, you've got an audition today. Keep your feet on the ground, O.K.?'''' ,'''In my day there was no one to tell me anything and I feel I have a responsibility to help a new generation. A lady in Atlanta came up to me and said: 'Honey, you are a ministry.' It is about the knowledge I can give others. I think gays will look after their own.''' ,'''There are two or three ways to combat homophobia - one is through humor. The second is to put a face on it.''' ,'''We figured out as a community of gay people, we have to take care of our own.''' ,'''In the 1980s we had the huge catastrophe of AIDS and you would walk down the street and see someone who was dying. It was horrendous.''' ,'''I really think 'Straight Outta Chattanooga' is one of my best shows.''' ,'''I always call my journey into sobriety, my journey into queerdom, because I really did hate everything about myself.''' ,'''For years, I had a Christmas ornament I had bought at a Cracker Barrel that read 'Deck Them Halls, Y'all.' It always tickled me.''' ,'''Big Brother' has put me off people. I thought, 'I'm gonna get a dog.' I really think I'm going to become more reclusive. It was nothing like I expected. I was so naive about it.''' ,'''I wasn't what you would envision for the son of an Army man. I liked doll baby clothes and twirled a baton. But my aunts and uncles tell me how much he loved me.''' ,'''I can spot a homosexual at forty paces.''' ,'''I grew up in the Baptist church and, honey, they baptized me about 14 times. It never did take.''' ,'''I am not a drag queen.''' ,'''I feel as if I've been to Miami a million times because I do so many cruises out of Miami.''' ,'''I don't sing. I don't dance.''' ,'''I'm Southern, I'm gay, I'm little - I get Ma'am'd a lot on the phone.''' ,'''I had an awful experience where I went to the U.K. and did reality. I can't even get into it - it was called 'Celebrity Big Brother U.K.'''' ,'''I can entertain myself for hours.''' ,'''My mother had found this album of all these old slides from the '50s of me as a kid and I said, 'We should have these made into pictures because the color's so beautiful.' There were pictures of me from 1955 as a little baby wearing all these elaborate outfits, and in these pictures was this amazing story of a gay man and his mother.''' ,'''At one time, when I was younger, I exercised regularly and had a 27-inch waist.''' ,'''That's the secret to happiness. Find something you can make money at that you really love to do.''' ,'''What amazes me with 'Will & Grace' fans is how young they are and how straight they are. The guys always come up and go, 'You are so funny on that show. My girlfriend watches that show.'''' ,'''I don't go out at night.''' ,'''In my head I have had the most torrid affairs with actors I have worked with. You should hear what George Clooney and I have got up to!''' ,'''I'm not Kathy Griffin. I can't do 1200 seat venues. I need 300, 400 something like that.''' ,'''I grew up in Chattanooga.''' ,'''I had 20,000 followers and I treasured that. People'd say, 'Oh that's nothing.' I said, 'What are you crazy? That's 20,000 people that wanna hear what I gotta say!'''' ,'''The only thing I know how to do is be funny - that's it.''' ,'''One job I did turn down was 'How I Met Your Mother.' My character was 'creepy gay guy.' That was the character. The script said, 'Creepy gay guy gets in elevator every day with Jason Segel character and he's just being creepy.'''' ,'''I have a lot of shame, and until I got sober at 42 years of age, I had never voted. I was just a hippie.''' ,'''In a perfect world we'd want gay people to play gay people, but I think that's a good rule of thumb: Whoever gives the best audition should get the part. My problem is getting anybody to hire me for anything other than queens.''' ,'''From my years on 'Will & Grace,' you'd think I'm Madonna.''' ,'''I won an Emmy in 2006!''' ,'''We've got to be kind.''' ,'''In 1993, I premiered my solo piece 'Hysterical Blindness and Other Southern Tragedies That Have Plagued My Life So Far' at the Hudson Mainstage Theatre. It then went to New York and ran for several months Off-Broadway.''' ,'''You just can't move back with your mom at 64. It just doesn't quite work.''' ,'''I really was in jail with Robert Downey Jr.''' ,'''Film's a director's medium. Stage an actor's medium.''' ,'''I've always been interested in forensics and the way they solve things.''' ,'''I've never been known for being a team player, but I've adjusted to being part of a big cast and it has worked out beautifully.''' ,'''When I was little, I was like a magpie, which is a bird that's attracted to shiny things. They'll build their nests with Christmas tree tinsel.''' ,'''I do so many cruises out of Miami, all the RSVP ones. And I'm on the cruises out of Fort Lauderdale all the time. I'm always doing cruise after cruise out of there.''' ,'''My sister was cute, she said, 'Oh my gosh, you're an overnight success.' 'Oh,' I said, 'this is the longest night.' I've been at it since 1982.''' ,'''Growing up, the main thing I was ashamed of was my voice. It is very effeminate.''' ,'''People say, 'Oh, you do theater!' And I say, 'Honey, I do theater to get better TV and film roles.'''' ,'''One of the main reasons I started writing these one-man shows was that this really evil casting director once said to me, 'you're peripheral and you'll always be peripheral. You'll come in with the zingers and have very little to do, so just accept that and take the money.'''' ,'''I'm an aging show pony and they trot me out here and there.''' ,'''There isn't a lot I can do on this planet, but I can be funny.''' ,'''I've done every series that had gone down the toilet.''' ,'''Time has taught me that parents do the best they can with the light they are seeing with. That is what we all do.''' ,'''My theater professor once said to me 'Leslie, you are capable of genuine artistry but you're the laziest actor I know. And yes, you can make people laugh, but you're going to become a parody of yourself and end up in Hollywood if you're not careful.' And he's right, I did all of that.''' ,'''I fell out of the womb and landed in my mother's high heels.''' ,'''I got sober at age forty-two.''' ,'''What's been interesting is that the more famous the person is, the less they seem to care if I talk about them.''' ,'''The thing that I love about 'Will & Grace' is that there's a clear-cut reason for my character to be there. I come in with the zinger. My character seldom has much to do with moving the story ahead. I know exactly what my job is there. It's just a party, basically. I'm just having a ball.''' ,'''I was reading Agatha Christie as a little boy.''' ,'''My success on the road is predicated on my success in Hollywood.''' ,'''My daddy - whenever he wanted to teach us a lesson, he'd tell us a story. It's an Old South tradition.''' ,'''I'm on the road almost eight months of the year.''' ,'''I don't know what the other celebrity's lives are like but I lead a true celebrity life. I get pampered. I'm always alone.''' ,'''I'm very proud of my Southern accent, it's part of me.''' ,'''You almost had to have grown up in the church like I did to realize how dark that is, how dark it is to be a kid and be told that God hates you or that there's something wrong with you.''' ,'''I'm Southern to the bone.''' ,'''All my boyfriends are in their 20s.''' ,'''I'm a true Hollywood success story - knew no one, had no connections.''' ,'''I talk about things that happened in my life. Now, do I embellish? Absolutely. Come on, we all do it. It makes for a better story. But it always comes from a germ of truth.''' ,'''The church was everything: our social engagements, Sunday morning, Sunday evening. Wednesday night was the hour of power. We had Bible study on certain days. Saturday afternoon was choir practice. I wanted desperately to be a good Christian.''' ,'''I love, love, love South Florida.''' ,'''You know, you learned that very young in American culture that the feminine boys don't do well. And yet, I had a dad who was a lieutenant colonel in the army. My dad was a man's man, but he still adored me. And somehow in the midst of that, I still grew up hating the sissy in me.''' ,'''I can tell when I meet you, within three minutes, how you were raised. When I met Lady Gaga on the 'American Horror' set... beautifully brought up.''' ,'''I have not left the house after 6 o'clock without a paycheck for years.''' ,'''I figured out quick I had to write my own ticket. I realized I could tell stories and make money from it.''' ,'''I grew up riding. From the time I was nineteen years old to the time I was twenty five I exercised race horses.''' ,'''Beverley Leslie was closeted. I'm not closeted. He was a little homophobic. He's a social climber. I'm nothing like that. He had a mean streak. I don't think I'm mean at all.''' ,'''I'm truly 95 percent a hermit.''' ,'''Honey, I conquered Netflix. I watched 'em all.''' ,'''I'd do an exercise video because there are so many gay men with these perfect abs and they do exercise videos. So I did an exercise video where my stomach looked like my water's about to break.''' ,'''My gift is to be funny.''' ,'''I honor the sanctity of all religions - I'm not here to put them down. But the only religion that I personally embrace is the religion of kindness.''' ,'''I'm a worker bee.''' ,'''I'm one of the most popular cabaret performers, and I don't sing a note. And nobody expects me to sing.''' ,'''There are many paths to God. What really bothers me - and what I think is the height of arrogance and stupidity - is when one group believes their way is the only way. That really gets my dander up.''' ,'''I will never be a Robert De Niro or Meryl Streep, the kind of actor that disappears into a role.''' ,'''I love my family dearly.''' ,'''I don't mind playing gay because there's a whole plethora of gay roles out there, but if I get asked to play one more Southern hairdresser, I'm going to scream.''' ,'''Nobody really knows if there's a God - not Oprah, not Joel Osteen, not the Pope. Nobody has touched or felt or conversed with God. They say they have, but let's get real. I think that is what keeps me from coming out as an atheist. I think to myself, even the atheists don't know that there isn't a God. Nobody knows anything.''' ,]
+++