+++
author = "Tristan Macmanus"
title = "Tristan Macmanus Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Tristan Macmanus Quotes"
keywords = "tristan macmanus,tristan macmanus quotes,tristan macmanus quote,tristan macmanus sayings,tristan macmanus saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Twitter seems just to be constant updates; it seems to me as promotional tool where people talk themselves up, and I don't want it to take over what I'm doing.''' ,'''It can be easy to buy into anything. I would lose focus if I went with that attitude of wanting to be famous.''' ,'''Yeah, spray tans are not for me.''' ,'''The very end of me mom's road is the back entrance to Bray Head. Usually climb it when I get home.''' ,'''I get Twitter, and think it's a great way to keep it in touch, but I don't do it a lot. I hate reading when people tweet about what you're eating or who they are out with, but it's a nice way to keep in touch with people.''' ,'''Bray is where I live; it's a seaside resort. It's a nice place to walk up there and stuff, on the coast. There's crosses along on top of it.''' ,'''Where I come from, you don't really dance, you know. I think I was at the age, where, I suppose, I wanted to do what all me friends were doing. I gave up dancing for a while, and then I realised I wasn't as good at football as I thought I was.''' ,'''I miss Irish milk. Probably not as much as Superquinn sausages.''' ,'''I hate wearin' sunglasses, to be honest with you. You don't need sunglasses in Ireland.''' ,'''I used to go play football matches in the morning, and I'd go straight from me football game to a dance competition.''' ,'''I look at every girl, and I think, 'You're going to change my life.' I'm very down to earth at heart.''' ,'''I know when I'm not dancing, and I go home, I usually work with my dad, who's an electrician. So I do stuff like that. I used to be a landscape gardener. I loved that job. But I'd like to be involved with entertainment. Singing or something, I guess.''' ,]
+++