+++
author = "Henrikh Mkhitaryan"
title = "Henrikh Mkhitaryan Quotes"
quotes_len = "85"
description = "the best 85 Henrikh Mkhitaryan Quotes"
keywords = "henrikh mkhitaryan,henrikh mkhitaryan quotes,henrikh mkhitaryan quote,henrikh mkhitaryan sayings,henrikh mkhitaryan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The most dangerous area is the centre, which has to be either attacked or defended in football, and it's the same in chess.''' ,'''It's always a pity to lose or draw at the end of the game; it's always painful.''' ,'''Everyone is at their best against the champions.''' ,'''You cannot always have good times in your life.''' ,'''When I was six years old, my parents told me that we were moving back home to Armenia. I didn't really understand what was happening. My father had stopped playing football, and he was at home all the time.''' ,'''In the '80s, before I was born, my dad played in the old Soviet Top League in our home country of Armenia. He was a small but very quick striker. 'Soviet Soldier' magazine actually honoured him with its 'Knight of Attack' award in 1984.''' ,'''If you make a mistake, your opponent can punish, and you end up losing the game.''' ,'''I can be very serious, but if I'm being honest, I'm very happy with the way my life has turned out.''' ,'''In my case, my mother had to be my mother and father, so I am thankful to her.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if it is the League Cup, the FA Cup, or the Europa League. We want to do our best to try and win them all.''' ,'''I think the first goal can be weight off your shoulders.''' ,'''You know that if you play football, you have to try to do the maximum, so I'm always doing the maximum for myself because when I retire from football, I want to sit down and think I did something good - I won this title, and I won this title. People will talk about what you have won, and that is the most important thing in football.''' ,'''It is not only about being technically good, it is all about giving your heart for the club, giving your best.''' ,'''Manchester United are not just any football club.''' ,'''Tactics are just a part of football because the players are playing.''' ,'''I think the most important thing is to play to help the team, winning the games - that is the main thing for me.''' ,'''For Manchest United, every cup is very important. A trophy is a trophy.''' ,'''It's not easy when you have a new manager because you have to try and adapt yourself to him, the team, training sessions, and the game.''' ,'''Every person has to keep in mind that they can grow up and reach the top, no matter where they are born, whether it's in Russia, in Ukraine, in Europe; they've still got the opportunity to show their talent and the culture of their people.''' ,'''The year after my father died, I started football training. He was the drive for me; he was my idol. I said to myself, 'I have to run just like him. I have to shoot just like him.'''' ,'''When you walk onto the pitch at Old Trafford, it is not just a pitch, it is a stage. If my father could see me on that stage, I think he would be very proud. I was always kind of chasing him, and I think even though he's not here, he helped me to get to this place.''' ,'''I will not retreat; I will find the strength to reach my goal.''' ,'''When your dreams are close to coming true, it does not feel real at first.''' ,'''I know I can succeed at Manchester United, and I want to show everyone that I deserve to be a key player in this team and this league.''' ,'''You have to win every battle. Every small metre counts, and you have to win your duels. Then you will see you will win the game.''' ,'''I like to win the difficulties, because when you win the difficulties, it makes you stronger, so I'm trying to do everything to come up to a new level.''' ,'''It would be fair to say that the start of my life in Manchester was not perfect, but there have been many other times when I've had setbacks, and I have never given up.''' ,'''I believe playing for such a great club like United honours my father's memory, and the inspiration and drive he gave to me when I was young. I hope he is proud looking at me from the sky.''' ,'''English football is really different to football in other countries.''' ,'''If you play football, you have to try to do the maximum, so I'm always doing the maximum for myself because, after my football career, I want to sit down and think I did something good.''' ,'''I want to do everything to get to a new level.''' ,'''Regarding Jose Mourinho, I hope I can learn a lot from him - he is a coach with a fantastic record.''' ,'''In 1989, when I was just a baby, we moved to France because of some conflicts that were brewing in Armenia.''' ,'''I'm trying to do everything with my family members, my friends, who are watching me every day, every game I am playing, so they are trying to help me to say what I did wrong and what I did well, and I try to improve myself.''' ,'''The Brazilians are amazing in their nature. You cannot describe it; you must feel that warmth when you're around them to understand.''' ,'''When I came first to Dortmund, Jurgen Klopp said, 'Listen, Mkhitaryan, it's your family name - it's too long. So Henrikh, it's too long. Let's call you Micki. Are you okay?' I said, 'Okay, no problem.' And since that day, they started calling me Micki.''' ,'''I remember once Manchester United were ahead of Manchester City by eight points and ended up losing it, so everything is possible in this life.''' ,'''Different managers give confidence in different ways. Some by hugging, others by talking or having conversations.''' ,'''I dreamed of being like Kaka, and Brazil was the home of that creative style, which the Brazilians call ginga.''' ,'''When we're leading during the game, we have to squeeze the opponent.''' ,'''You have to try and do everything to show your best qualities; otherwise, you will not be here anymore.''' ,'''I don't want to miss anything. Life's too short to pass on something.''' ,'''I always wanted to become a football player, and I thank my parents, as they helped me so much to realise this dream. They always supported me on my path.''' ,'''I read about the history of England, of Manchester. I wanted to know how people here live, their interests.''' ,'''I didn't know it, but my father had a brain tumour. Everything happened very fast. Within a year, he was gone. Because I was so young, I didn't completely understand the concept of death.''' ,'''Do not think about records, because one day, they will break.''' ,'''Everything is up to the players and not the tactics. They're just small details that can show you the way to play.''' ,'''There are no disappointments, just challenges.''' ,'''Coming to Manchester, maybe I didn't show all my potential, but in every game, I'm trying to do my best because it's very important for me, the fans, and the club. Maybe in some games it doesn't work, but I still keep working and trying to improve.''' ,'''It's always important to read, to know something about this world, so I try to learn, to know, to see what I can learn for myself. Be it from books, TV or the Internet, I try to know what happened in the world.''' ,'''I never promise something; I always say that I will try. Because if you promise something and you don't do it, you will always be under pressure.''' ,'''I don't think I will play every game, depending on the tactical situation, depending on the opponent, but I will do everything to try and help the team.''' ,'''It was definitely not the salary that made me join Manchester United; I went for football reasons - for the history of the club, the league, the fans, and the coach because he is one of the best in the world.''' ,'''I am very excited - it's a big opportunity for me to play for Manchester United, a new challenge for me. I will try to do my best.''' ,'''When I returned to Armenia after four months in Brazil, I was still quite skinny and weak, but I had technique and skill.''' ,'''My time with my father would be very meaningful, but also very short.''' ,'''The most important competition is always the next match.''' ,'''By the time I was 10 years old, my entire life was football. Training, reading, watching, even playing football on PlayStation. I was totally focused on it. I especially loved the creative players - the maestros.''' ,'''Manchester United are not just some club. To be part of this club also means to be part of a great history.''' ,'''I really enjoy my life in Manchester, my training, my games, everything.''' ,'''It's another pleasure to score at Old Trafford, so I will try to do me best to do that.''' ,'''I've learned a lot from my mistakes.''' ,'''Even when I wasn't playing, I always had a smile on my face because if I acted sad or mad, it wouldn't help me.''' ,'''There is not much sun, but I didn't move to Manchester to go to the beach.''' ,'''I never give up when I encounter obstacles in my way. I just continue going until I reach my career objectives.''' ,'''Everything comes from your mind. You have to push yourself to get things going in your direction. If you are stubborn, nothing will help. If you are sad, nothing will help. You have to keep positive and to work very well for your next chance.''' ,'''I keep working hard, and this will pay off.''' ,'''I like to play attacking, like a winger, or an attacking midfielder, so it depends on the coach, where he's looking at me for which position.''' ,'''It is very difficult when you grow up without a father because you don't have a man who can give you direction and discipline.''' ,'''You can lose to any team and then beat your top opponents and still not be in the top four.''' ,'''I went a long way to play in Manchester United, so nothing will prevent me from achieving my dream.''' ,'''I was always taught by my father to challenge myself and to continue to evolve in my career, and I saw the move to Manchester United as an opportunity to grow as a player and as a person.''' ,'''As tough as it was for us with my father gone, my mother and sister were always pushing me. They even let me go to Brazil by myself when I was 13 to train with Sao Paulo for four months.''' ,'''Not so many Armenian players are given the chance to play in the Champions League, and this is really important for me, because I want to do everything to impress the children who are watching me playing.''' ,'''I went a long way to play for Manchester United, so nothing will prevent me from achieving my dream.''' ,'''I am very proud to join Manchester United. This move is a dream come true for me.''' ,'''I had three very successful years in Germany with Borussia Dortmund, but I had the opportunity to move to one of the biggest clubs in the highest-profile league in the world.''' ,'''As a footballer, you just have to try to learn what you've done bad and what I could do good.''' ,'''I did not want to later look back in my life and say, 'Why would you not make times change?'''' ,'''When I watched the Premier League on the telly, I didn't expect it to be that hard. The opponents are all physically strong, real athletes. It wasn't like that in Germany. You must be prepared for it. But I prepared myself for it.''' ,'''Brazil was a very good experience. I learned a lot about how to play football, both technical and physical. There would be a hundred kids of all ages, training and doing classes together.''' ,'''My father played five years for Valence in France's second division. I'd always cry when he would leave for training. Every morning, I'd say, 'Dad, take me with you. Please, please take me with you!'''' ,'''It doesn't matter if they buy me for, I don't know, £38 million or £40m - I am not guaranteed to play the games.''' ,'''It's not called the Theatre of Dreams for nothing.''' ,'''I play football like chess. You have to think a lot and anticipate what could happen after you make your move.''' ,]
+++