+++
author = "Soulja Boy"
title = "Soulja Boy Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Soulja Boy Quotes"
keywords = "soulja boy,soulja boy quotes,soulja boy quote,soulja boy sayings,soulja boy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Stress is real, and you never know what a person is going through behind the camera.''' ,'''Swag defines an artist, period. Lil Wayne has his super-tattooed pierces and dreads swag. Jay-Z has his New York, grown man, Beyonce and 40/40 Club swag.''' ,'''I taught Drake everything he knows.''' ,'''I hate it when people come up to me on trains and ask 'Are you Soulja Boy?' If people want pictures or autographs, that's cool, but I don't like the dumb questions.''' ,'''I've always been interested in gaming, growing up as a kid. I played games all my life. So once I got into the music industry and I was successful with my music, I always wanted to get into the gaming world.''' ,'''If you listen to Drake's first single... he copied my whole bar word for word and my cadence and my flow from my song. Can I just get my credit?''' ,'''From the first time that I went over to China, I think I was around the age of 17, 18, and just going there and seeing that their technology being years ahead of ours in America, it sparked something with me back then.''' ,'''I feel like it's big now with the passing of Mac Miller. Rest in peace, Mac Miller, who was a good friend of mine. That just showed people, like, it could happen to anybody. Just because you have fame or money, you're not immune to negativity and depression and stress.''' ,'''If I'm going to make music for the streets or the clubs or whatever, I go at it with 110 percent.''' ,'''When I was 10 years old my mom used to play Tupac while she cleaned the house.''' ,'''Yo, people are saying Tyga had the biggest comeback. Tyga? Tyga! Lime in the coconut Tyga? Yo, get out of here.''' ,'''Soulja Boy is on his dance, down south, young, 18-year-old, comedic swag. It's really just each person's personality; if every rapper had the same swag, it would be kind of boring.''' ,'''I was one of the first artists to have a YouTube account, if not the first. I joined two months after the site launched.''' ,'''My first single I was nominated for a Grammy with 'Crank That,' and I lost a Grammy to Kanye West, but it was still such a big deal for me to be nominated anyway.''' ,'''It was, like, two mobile games I released. They did pretty well, and after I made those two games, I was like, 'Man, I want to make another game, but I want to make this game for PlayStation and Xbox and PC.' I was like, 'You know what? Forget making the video game for Xbox, PlayStation and PC. How about I make my own console?'''' ,'''If I'm doing something its coming from a kind heart.''' ,'''Words are powerful. When I make mistakes I just try to come back and clarify what I meant.''' ,'''People in the media, it makes their day when someone they say is a five-star artist goes platinum.''' ,'''I think swag is very important to rappers. It's the overall appearance and style of an artist - these blue shorts and this blue hat and this $80,000 chain, this jewelry and all these tattoos, that's swag.''' ,'''Now that I'm in the position I'm in now, I like to take all my creative ideas and put 'em on the Internet for my fans to interact with. Give 'em something to do.''' ,'''I just think that when you're coming out with a new product, you're gonna be criticized.''' ,'''I don't travel anywhere without the PS3 and XBox. There's nothing better to do on long bus trips while on tour.''' ,'''I'm headed towards greatness. I think I'm making history in hip-hop.''' ,'''When I was in Japan on tour in 2010, I felt like I was 30 years into the future. I love technology and they are so advanced with their phones, computers, everything. I think they had the iPhone way before we did in the U.S. I love gadgets, games, social media and I try to stay ahead on all that stuff, but they get it all first.''' ,'''Drake and Kanye, y'all gotta move out of the way. I'm younger than y'all. I look better than y'all. I got more swag than y'all. And it just is what it is. I'm here to take it. I'm the new best rapper.''' ,]
+++