+++
author = "Raymond Ochoa"
title = "Raymond Ochoa Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Raymond Ochoa Quotes"
keywords = "raymond ochoa,raymond ochoa quotes,raymond ochoa quote,raymond ochoa sayings,raymond ochoa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It would be cool to be on a Disney show.''' ,'''I fell into acting by going to a callback for J.C. Penney with my two older brothers when I was 4 1/2 years old. The casting director saw me and asked to bring me in the room with them. The three of us ended up booking the commercial!''' ,'''I love being able to bring an animator's vision to life and give the breath to the voice of a character.''' ,'''My favorite commercial I did was my Verizon campaign, which I filmed a series of three commercials. My favorite movie I have done was 'House Under Siege' because it was my very first movie at 5 years old. My favorite TV show I have filmed was 'The Night Shift,' which is one of my favorite shows.''' ,'''I used to have a dog, and I was very close to my dog, and he passed away, so when I need to bring out a moment where I'm crying, I bring out that moment. His name was Rinkles. All of the boys in my family's names are spelled with an 'R,' and he was a boy, so he was Rinkles with an 'R,' not a 'W.'''' ,'''I do my schooling through an independent study program where I am able to do all my work at home, and then every two weeks, I meet with my teacher and turn in my work. When I am on set, I work with a studio teacher, and we do a mandatory three hours of school a day.''' ,'''I hope everyone enjoys watching 'The Good Dinosaur' as much as I did making it.''' ,'''I respect my parents a lot, so I try my hardest to be the best son I can.''' ,'''I grew up watching Pixar movies. And my favourite - if you don't count 'The Good Dinosaur' - is the first Pixar movie my older brother showed me. That would be 'Monsters, Inc.' I also like Disney - 'The Lion King' is probably my all-time favourite movie.''' ,'''I enjoy playing football with my three older brothers Rick, Ryan and Bobby.''' ,'''You've got to make yourself sound cooler than you are to your brothers.''' ,'''The most challenging roles were Disney's 'A Christmas Carol' and 'Mars Needs Moms' because they were both motion capture, so there was a lot of physical work involved.''' ,'''My brothers are so amazing. My older brother Ryan, he is probably the most generous person I know in my life. He's the one that kind of helps me and guides me. All of my brothers help me to be grounded, so I really try to be like my brothers because all of them are so nice and very kind, and I look up to them.''' ,'''My brother Ryan was on the Disney XD show 'Pair of Kings' where he played Lanny, the evil cousin to twin kings, for three seasons. His motivation to be a better actor always pushes me to work harder and try to be more like him. When he gets a role, he will study that character until he becomes that person.''' ,]
+++