+++
author = "Kyrie Irving"
title = "Kyrie Irving Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Kyrie Irving Quotes"
keywords = "kyrie irving,kyrie irving quotes,kyrie irving quote,kyrie irving sayings,kyrie irving saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love the gym; I love basketball. I'm really passionate about it.''' ,'''I'm going to give input when I need to. When it needs to be said.''' ,'''I can't even give my father a proper gift. Every single Father's Day means so much to me. I'm so close to him. He's my big brother, but also my father.''' ,''''Grease' is an awesome movie. I wish they'd make a new one, more for our time. The graphics are terrible when you look back on it.''' ,'''When I'm playing the 1-guard, teams do a great job of just loading up and preparing for my drives and preparing for my three-point shots.''' ,'''Going in, you want to play a perfect season and play throughout the whole entire season, but injuries are a part of basketball.''' ,'''Even during my injury, I had fun because I got to be a regular college kid.''' ,'''I do feel like a Clevelander. Every time, when people ask me, I automatically say, 'My home is Cleveland.'''' ,'''Everybody in the NBA is good. And then you have the really good ones and the great ones.''' ,'''Multiple Bentleys isn't making anyone 'financially set.'''' ,'''When you're playing against a whole bunch of All-Stars, it's like a video game. There's so much talent on the floor at once.''' ,'''Guys like Josh Gordon need to stay in his sport and mind his own business.''' ,'''My eventual goal is to win a championship. And before I retire, I just want to win a championship. That's it.''' ,'''When I'm playing the 1-guard, I'm kind of seeing everything that's going on. When I play the 2, I have a more broader understanding of what's going on and where the screens are being set in order for not only myself to get open, but for my teammates.''' ,'''One thing that somebody told me is that leadership is a lonely role - some people can do it, and some people can't.''' ,'''I've been musically inclined since I picked up an instrument in the fourth grade. I just really appreciate music. I love to listen to it; I love to sing. I wouldn't consider myself, like, a natural singer. I just developed it over time, honestly, just listening. I'm a great listener to music.''' ,'''One game I'm always on is 'NBA Jam.' And 'Bejeweled,' games like that, and 'Temple Run.'''' ,'''I'm a big video game fan.''' ,'''I don't leave home without my Skullcandy Crushers. I don't leave home without my Bible, without my phone, and without my computer.''' ,'''My focus is basketball, and that's it.''' ,'''I'm not really a big X's and O's guy, but if you want to go there, I'm more of a space-the-floor type of coach: Five out, zero in, and that's the way we play basketball, screen and roll here and there, pocket passes everywhere; it's what it's about.''' ,'''I'm probably one of the most competitive people ever.''' ,'''The only thing I command is respect.''' ,'''I want to be on the cover of 'GQ.' That's a personal goal.''' ,'''I've worked countless hours in the gym, so I feel like I'm already prepared for the game. So when I'm listening to music pregame, it's really just about personal enjoyment.''' ,'''Draft day is a hectic day, especially for draftees and, more or less, for management.''' ,'''All I do is sit at home and watch Netflix.''' ,'''You want to keep the defense guessing.''' ,'''I do have a chef, but I still go out. Sometimes I can still blend in, and sometimes I get a little bombarded. It's the best of both worlds.''' ,'''I went to my agent and told them, 'I want to be on another Disney show.'''' ,'''Directors tell me what to do, and I kind of just put my own twist to it, just to get inside my personality that everybody doesn't really get to see - my off-the-court interests and the way I act. It's just me.''' ,'''When it applies to the Olympics and making a decision, I have to claim Australia as my country.''' ,]
+++