+++
author = "Ranjeet"
title = "Ranjeet Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Ranjeet Quotes"
keywords = "ranjeet,ranjeet quotes,ranjeet quote,ranjeet sayings,ranjeet saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can say I've been a loyal husband. Marriage is based on trust.''' ,'''My earnings were through evil portrayals.''' ,'''I did not have a godfather.''' ,'''I wasn't good-looking like the heroes. But I had a good physique having been a goalkeeper. I was like a panther.''' ,'''I was born in in Amritsar, the eldest of the four siblings.''' ,'''I'm a vegetarian but not a pandit.''' ,'''I have lived life on my own terms.''' ,'''I was recommended for the role in 'Sharmeelee' by Sunil Dutt who admired my performance in 'Sawan Bhadon' and 'Reshma Aur Shera.' 'Sharmeelee' was a movie I did at a time when my career base was just building and back then I never expected it to become such a rage.''' ,'''Out of the 450-500 films that I've done, I have probably watched 10 of them.''' ,'''Work is work for me. I can do any work in the field of acting. Be it films, television or theatre, I am willing to do anything.''' ,'''As I hail from a conservative family, watching films was never encouraged in our house.''' ,'''We can't make the public vote for a candidate. And I would never want to campaign for any political party.''' ,'''Because of my negative image, people used to hate me. I remember an incident while shooting for 'Zamaanat.' I was bitten twice by a cobra and the crew went to call a lady doctor whose clinic was close to the sets. She just refused to attend to me!''' ,'''My father Dwarakaprasad Bedi had an electrical accessories factory in Delhi.''' ,'''Since most heroes are doing villainous roles these days, that thrill is lost. Earlier, there used to be a hero, a heroine, a villain and such. The villain's entry would generate a lot of curiosity among the audience back then.''' ,'''No one knows the future. I may attend someone's party today who may become an underworld don tomorrow, so how can I be blamed?''' ,'''In the '70s and '80s, there was a definite set of roles in a film. There would be a hero, a heroine and a villain.''' ,'''I was constantly being approached to play the anti-hero on the screen and I continued with it.''' ,'''I accept nearly every role I am offered, this is why I have done so many negative roles.''' ,'''I don't like going out or attending award ceremonies.''' ,'''Thankfully, TV has given me another platform to showcase my versatility.''' ,'''Sunil Dutt asked me, rather pushed me, to join politics.''' ,'''I can say that I have lived very gracefully.''' ,'''During the mid-1980s, I felt my work was getting monotonous. I was shooting continuously, sometimes for 25, 30 films at a time.''' ,'''TV artistes are far more professional and dedicated compared to film actors.''' ,'''I like Ranchi's pleasant weather, more so because I am fond of the rainy season. Wherever I go, my visit ushers in the monsoons.''' ,'''It might sound unconvincing when an actor like me who has done 500 films says that television is more competitive than movies, but that is the plain truth.''' ,'''From the very beginning of my career, I never planned anything. I did whatever came to me. Not that I never did positive roles but people loved me more as a villain. That's how I got this negative image.''' ,'''Movies are the biggest entertainer in India.''' ,'''As an actor, I should justify the role given to me. So, as a villain, my job was to make people hate me.''' ,'''Every woman is possessive though she may not show it.''' ,'''Growing up, I played soccer and wanted to be a sportsman.''' ,]
+++