+++
author = "Gloria Gaither"
title = "Gloria Gaither Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Gloria Gaither Quotes"
keywords = "gloria gaither,gloria gaither quotes,gloria gaither quote,gloria gaither sayings,gloria gaither saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When we're in trouble, it's usually a line from a song that saves us. I wish it was sermons, but, I'm sorry, it's not. When you're in crisis, what comes to mind is 'O love that would not let me go.' You know?''' ,'''In working with people across the country and around the world, I've come to know that most of us go through times that re-route our prayer life.''' ,'''Everything is a part of what God's up to in your life, so I think our job is to embrace it. Everything. Embrace it all and consider it God's will for this moment.''' ,'''God's will for your life is God's will for today, and it doesn't get any more glamorous than that.''' ,'''I never set out to write prayers at all. But there was a span of time when I didn't find it easy to pray, but, when I went to write one of the things I had to write, a prayer would come.''' ,'''I grew up in a literary home and majored in French, English, and sociology. They all have served me well over the years.''' ,'''Scripture has always been a part of my life. My dad was a pastor. My mother was a speaker, writer, and teacher. I memorized Scripture from the time I was little.''' ,'''The more I come to recognize my story's place in God's grander Story, my once-bewildered questions are turning to psalms of thanksgiving at the wonder that I have been included in what He is doing.''' ,]
+++