+++
author = "Ava Max"
title = "Ava Max Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 Ava Max Quotes"
keywords = "ava max,ava max quotes,ava max quote,ava max sayings,ava max saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been working at this for a while now, so seeing the success of 'Sweet but Psycho' is kind of mind-blowing, but it's exciting.''' ,'''She's been around so long and she doesn't disappoint ever. Gaga also thinks out of the box and that's what the best artists do.''' ,'''I could probably have an idea one day and then go into the studio and really wanna write about just that idea that I have in mind. Or it can vary with just a simple beat and I just do a bunch of melodies on the track that inspire me.''' ,'''It's important to do something outside the box, and maybe that'll inspire people do also do something outside the box.''' ,'''It is sometimes fun when you party and listen to those fun songs but they don't have a lot of meaning behind them.''' ,'''Love and hate are two of the strongest emotions we feel in relationships.''' ,'''Sweet But Psycho' blew up pretty much overnight after my 10-year struggle. It's hilarious when people say it was overnight, because it was not overnight.''' ,'''I think we all have different personalities... and even in relationships, we can be called psycho, and we can be called sweet, based on what the person feels about you.''' ,'''We need more pop songs and more empowering songs.''' ,'''I don't want to go to the designer that everyone is going to. I want to find a designer that maybe no one's paying attention to... And I'm not afraid to wear something crazy and ridiculous.''' ,'''I always wanna feel comfortable in my clothes.''' ,'''My mom cooks traditional Albanian food for every holiday. She's an amazing cook.''' ,'''I think for me personally, I have a lot sides to me.''' ,'''I would sing 'Visions of Love' over and over for a year straight.''' ,'''Female empowerment is very strong in my life and that's how I am.''' ,'''I feel like pop and R&B are just my core.''' ,'''Really, I just want to help my family, my friends and people in general.''' ,'''I definitely want my music to make people happy.''' ,'''If it doesn't make me dance, I don't want to put it out.''' ,'''I definitely don't like red carpets. I go on the red carpet because I have to but I'm not a big fan. That's not my thing. I'd rather be in the studio making music and performing.''' ,'''I think I was super young when I decided I wanted to be in music and be a singer.''' ,'''My family had this dream where we would meet producers and songwriters, and it was not what we thought it would be.''' ,'''I think, personally for me I always work on the next goal and wanna figure out how to achieve it.''' ,'''I don't have one song about partying.''' ,'''I want women to know all around the world that they have the power!''' ,'''I think you should never really feel like you've 'made it.'''' ,'''So Am I' is sonically like similar to 'Psycho' and energy-wise.''' ,'''My favorite part about writing a song is really when it's released, and I can see that it relates to so many people.''' ,'''My family is very musical.''' ,'''In general, I love dance-pop music with some soul and a dash of R&B.''' ,'''I am straight up, unapologetically pop.''' ,'''So Am I' is about loving yourself, being different, being an outcast and not fitting in the format that society wants to put us in - just celebrating what really makes you different.''' ,'''My parents worked super hard when they came to America. They had three jobs each. I didn't really see them that much.''' ,'''I used to always say teleportation for those times when you want to skip the commute, the traffic, the wait. Now, however, I think I'd really love the power to just heal people. Heal sickness, sadness, and pain. It's really all the world needs.''' ,'''When I'm on stage I become a different beast.''' ,'''Growing up, my dad took me to the opera.''' ,'''It was very tough to get people to believe in my project. Everyone had their own ideas, and they wanted to mold me into something I wasn't.''' ,'''I never felt like an Amanda.''' ,'''I got really noticed by record labels and that's how I got signed.''' ,'''I'm someone who speaks my mind, so it was important to me that my publisher value originality and creative expression.''' ,'''I'm always calling my family and I'm like, 'I can't wait to pay you guys back.' They have been my true supporters since I was eight years old.''' ,'''School was not a good experience. I would get bullied. It was really hard for me to get along with people who didn't have the same goals, so I just wanted to get to California.''' ,'''I want more people to speak up about issues, like equal pay.''' ,'''My heritage has definitely shaped my music and my character in a lot of ways.''' ,'''Whenever I'm feeling down, I remind myself that my flaws make me perfect, because in reality there is no perfect.''' ,'''Shooting the 'Torn' music video was a dream come true.''' ,'''I'm really involved when it comes to creating the video concepts.''' ,'''I feel like I grow wings on stage.''' ,'''Like, back in Albania, all my cousins sing, they play the drums, they play guitar, it's like... a thing!''' ,'''Everybody has felt a little sweet but psycho, and I'm sure everybody has been called sweet but psycho.''' ,'''My grandma used to sing. I feel like it's in our blood!''' ,'''Guys like to gaslight us, and it's not cool. And it happens so much; it's happened to me in relationships. It's happened to me where I have been cheated on, and I felt so sad and angry, like it wasn't my fault, but that was because the person was gaslighting me into thinking it was my fault.''' ,'''If I can make someone's day brighter, happier, better, that makes me happier.''' ,'''When I saw Beyonce, she did a two-hour show singing and dancing - it was like my mouth just wouldn't close. I was like, 'OK, I'm drooling,' like, it's so good. Oh my God. No one's better. I'm sorry.''' ,'''Both my uncles were in bands, my grandpa was a comedian who wore clown makeup on stage.''' ,'''You don't know who you are when you're 14.''' ,'''Uma Thurman is amazing. She's just great.''' ,'''Oh my gosh, I mean, I've had many experiences of men calling me psycho.''' ,'''Drinking and partying never appealed to me in lyrics - they don't have a lot of meaning behind them.''' ,'''My whole family is pretty talented, I feel like.''' ,]
+++