+++
author = "Jack Wilshere"
title = "Jack Wilshere Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jack Wilshere Quotes"
keywords = "jack wilshere,jack wilshere quotes,jack wilshere quote,jack wilshere sayings,jack wilshere saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm always in contact with my manager at Arsenal, who has been a big part of my career, and I'll always talk to him.''' ,'''Sometimes a manager can only do so much, as in prepare a team, and then the team have to go out there and perform.''' ,'''To be playing against people like Xavi and Iniesta is brilliant.''' ,'''It's the same for any team... you have to keep your best players.''' ,'''It's good to be around an English manager.''' ,'''Sometimes it's been difficult to stay positive, especially after the injuries that I've had, which have been frustrating.''' ,'''Some players have got their price, but, to be honest, that's not the way I look at the game.''' ,'''I know the best way to recover and get the right amount of sleep.''' ,'''If you look at the top midfielders in the past for England, like Lampard, Gerrard, and Scholes, they were always on the scoresheet.''' ,'''Lionel Messi is on a different planet to anyone.''' ,'''Sometimes when people play for their country, I think there is that little bit of fear and pressure.''' ,'''The intensity of the Premier League is incredible. The levels of fitness you have to reach just to survive in it is absurd.''' ,'''I went to Bournemouth and had a great time. The idea was just to prove to myself that I can still play at that level.''' ,'''The aim every season is to challenge for the top four and try to win a trophy.''' ,'''Being injured, coming back, playing a few games, trying to get your fitness back, getting injured again - you don't get a chance to prove what you can do.''' ,'''I want to be wanted by Arsenal. I've grown up at Arsenal. I'm a homegrown player, and as long as Arsenal want me, then I'm happy.''' ,'''We have got loyalty at Arsenal, and players have shown that in the past.''' ,'''The criticism that Arsene gets is just a joke.''' ,'''Owen Coyle was great to me.''' ,'''Josh McEachran is a great player.''' ,'''Look at the best dribblers in the world, Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta, and the ball seems to stick to their foot, so I can work on that when I am dribbling.''' ,'''When you go to the training ground day after day, there's times when you don't want to do it, especially when you see all the boys go out to training.''' ,'''Now I've learned to enjoy my football while I can. Every time I'm on the pitch, I just enjoy it.''' ,'''I've always loved representing my country, and it's something I've missed.''' ,'''I'm not just a footballer; I'm a top athlete, and we have to be at the top of our game.''' ,'''Loyalty is a big part of football, and it shows if you are a real man or not.''' ,'''I'll take criticism. I know that's part and parcel of football. But when it's just reckless and aggressive, I don't listen.''' ,'''When I was 18 or 19, I would come into training, and I'd be the last in and first out. I was one of those that took everything for granted, and I'm honest about that now.''' ,'''I don't think one player can ever win a World Cup.''' ,'''All I think about is playing at the highest level and in the top competitions so I can measure myself against the best in the world.''' ,'''It doesn't 'hurt' me, hearing criticism from ex-players. It probably disappoints me a little bit more.''' ,'''I'm probably the worst fantasy league player ever. I don't really score that often, and I get booked quite a lot as well - when you get booked, you lose points.''' ,'''I don't think you can put into words the feelings you get playing week in and week out.''' ,'''All of a sudden, when you're injured, you realise everything revolves around your core. It's crucial for balance and absorbing impact.''' ,'''It's impossible for one player to play the whole year. I've learnt that myself, and you're always bound to get injuries.''' ,'''I want to be Arsenal captain.''' ,'''I think every manager is the same. Three days before the Premier League starts, every manager is selfish that way. They want the players fit and ready.''' ,'''I am happy at Arsenal.''' ,'''I've been in tournaments before when you've been away for a while, and you're not really playing, you're just training. Sometimes you can feel like you're not really part of it.''' ,'''Playing with people like Cesc Fabregas makes it easy for you. He will talk to you and talk you through games.''' ,'''I know my body well. I know the right foods to eat.''' ,'''It's every kid's dream to represent their country at a World Cup.''' ,'''I'm not really a defensive midfielder.''' ,'''The best player I ever played with is probably Cesc Fabregas. I only got to play with him for a year before he went back to Barcelona, but I learned so much from him - the way he knew what he was going to do with the ball before he got it and his passing - and he scored goals.''' ,'''It's easy to fit into a team like Arsenal.''' ,'''We have loyalty at Arsenal, and players have shown that in the past.''' ,'''I want Arsenal to want me. If they didn't want me, it would hurt.''' ,'''Once I'm at the training ground, I'm focused, preparing for the next game.''' ,'''If I'm on the bench in a Premier League game, I'm thinking, 'What can I do coming off the bench?'''' ,'''Paolo Di Canio was my all-time hero.''' ,'''I said, even when I was left out, 'I am an England fan, and I'll be supporting the boys.' It's in my blood; it's too hard not to.''' ,'''I am a player who always wants to give more.''' ,'''I know my body better. I know how to be more professional. I know how to get myself ready for the games, which is the most important thing.''' ,'''I play the way I do because it's the Arsenal way.''' ,'''When you are injured - and injured for a while - it is hard. You have to go to the training ground and watch everyone go out to play.''' ,'''I work on my speed and strength every day, and I do a lot of work on my first five yards. For a footballer, that's really important.''' ,'''I have had bad luck with injuries, but I can't keep saying I've been injured a lot.''' ,'''I will never say no to my country.''' ,'''The Arsenal fans are great; every week they are 60,000, and the away support is fantastic.''' ,'''You need to be able to defend. It's massively important, and at Arsenal, we've sometimes been guilty of forgetting that.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to shield, and sometimes you have to press.''' ,'''I want to play first-team football.''' ,'''As a player, if your attitude is questioned, it's horrible.''' ,'''It is important to start winning international tournaments early and get that mentality into you. Then, hopefully, you can take it on to the world stage.''' ,'''I like to play anywhere in the middle.''' ,'''With Arsenal, I've been playing out wide, which is not me.''' ,'''Obviously I want to win things, and I want to do it with Arsenal.''' ,'''I definitely wouldn't go somewhere just because I'm a homegrown player. I'd want to be wanted by a club.''' ,'''Nothing goes through your head when you're playing except who you are playing against and what you can do to affect the game.''' ,'''To play in the Champions League is an experience a player of 33 may not have had in his whole career. To be doing that at 18... well, it's such a bonus.''' ,'''I want to go to the World Cup and enjoy it.''' ,'''No 10 is the job I want: in the middle of things, moving the ball forward.''' ,'''I've had a bond with West Ham since growing up as a kid, going to Upton Park, looking up to the players.''' ,'''I want to play in the Premier League, the Champions League, and I want to continue playing for England. If I'm going to do that, I have to play for my club and put in good performances for my club because there are other English midfielders who are doing that in the Premier League.''' ,'''I haven't eaten junk food since I was 11, but I'm not teetotal: I have a drink maybe once a month.''' ,'''My kids, since birth, have been dairy- and gluten-free.''' ,'''I prefer playing in a 4-3-3.''' ,'''It's difficult when you have a new baby but, at the same time, a nice distraction.''' ,'''The only people who should play for England are English people.''' ,'''My family have always been West Ham fans, so growing up, I used to go and watch them, and so I was a West Ham supporter.''' ,'''It's a pleasure to play for England, and I will never say no.''' ,'''If I went to Spain and lived there for five years, I'm not going to play for Spain. For me an English player should play for England, really.''' ,'''You can help build momentum in training by keeping the pace and intensity high. Make things happen in training, and then you can transfer that onto the pitch.''' ,'''Of course there's going to be expectations when you're playing well in the national team. But you just have to deal with that.''' ,'''It's a dream to play for England, so if I'm selected, I'd look forward to playing. But it's down to the powers above me.''' ,'''I'd say I was an attacking midfielder, and if you are going to be one of the best, you have to score goals and create them.''' ,'''If you've lived in England for five years, for me, it doesn't make you English.''' ,'''Football was a natural thing for me, and with no injuries or injury history that would stop me from training, I just enjoyed coming in every day and playing; then it was taken away from me.''' ,'''My perfect formation would be 4-3-3 with one holding and then the two going forward. I would be one of the ones going forward.''' ,'''When I was young at Arsenal, you take it for granted, playing all the time.''' ,'''Certain things come naturally, and tackling wasn't one of them; I'd sometimes go a bit over the top when I was younger.''' ,'''Football never stops, and that's why you need a big squad.''' ,'''Teams want the best players. If the best players come through your academy, you can play.''' ,'''To put on an England top is a dream.''' ,'''To spend 17 months on the sidelines is tough for anyone, and it's hard to see everyone go out training and then to go and watch games at the Emirates Stadium.''' ,'''I am willing to go abroad if the right opportunity comes up.''' ,'''The fans at Upton Park are great.''' ,'''I realise things aren't going to go my way every week. Of course they're not. But the main thing is to give your all and enjoy.''' ,'''Players and people make mistakes.''' ,'''If you don't believe in yourself, then who is going to believe in you?''' ,]
+++