+++
author = "Milind Soman"
title = "Milind Soman Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Milind Soman Quotes"
keywords = "milind soman,milind soman quotes,milind soman quote,milind soman sayings,milind soman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For me, taking care of your health is the first step towards empowerment whether you're a man or a woman.''' ,'''I stay away from packaged and over-processed food.''' ,'''Gyms are basically for bodybuilding and maybe rehab but you can't get healthy and fit from a gym. I mean you can, but not holistically.''' ,'''Food is fuel. Unless there's an activity, the body doesn't know what to do with it. If you're just lying on the couch, everything spreads and your hormones act up!''' ,'''Having control over what you eat is very very important.''' ,'''I just love my body. I think if you love your body, you won't want to change it.''' ,'''All stress can be used to better yourself, each individual has to understand how to use that particular stress - whether it is in your relationship, personal life, your own thoughts about yourself - to become a better person.''' ,'''I began running half-marathons and it helped my fundraising for the multiple sclerosis society and others.''' ,'''I like the outdoors. I like to run. In gym I feel restricted. When I exercise in open, it gives me a certain freedom and pushes me to do more.''' ,'''I like challenging myself physically and mentally.''' ,'''I haven't been to the gym since 1998. I simply do push-ups and pull-ups, and I run. That's all.''' ,'''You can eat anything and everything. You don't have to starve to look good.''' ,'''I start my day with a healthy breakfast - muesli with soya milk is a must, no matter what and some fruits.''' ,'''I used to own two gyms in Delhi called Breathe, so obviously I've entered a gym, but I don't use a gym for fitness.''' ,'''I want to work with people who have new visions of cinema.''' ,'''Fitness is something that you can aspire for in terms of levels of achievements.''' ,'''I was mired in modelling and acting. But as I am an outdoors person, I was still trekking and doing some other activities.''' ,'''I have not done too much television because I do not like doing one project over a very long period of time.''' ,'''I never say no to an opportunity that I know nothing about.''' ,'''Sleep is essential for the body and mind and restful sleep is one of the foundations of good health. Recharging and rejuvenating body and mind sufficiently every night is important for better quality of life.''' ,'''The government is talking about developing smart cities and to them, smart cities mean infrastructure. But to me, a city is smart when the mindset of the people is conducive to fitnness and health.''' ,'''To run a marathon was a challenge that I had in my head since I was a kid.''' ,'''Your dreams, ambition and experiences are creating a new person in you every day.''' ,'''The tendency of people skirting 30s and 40s is to feel lethargic or weak. But trust me, most of it is in your head. If you keep pushing and challenging yourself, your body will not betray your will.''' ,'''To achieve fitness one need not hit the gym. One can always opt for any sport: yoga, jog, swimming and much more. The idea is to do something that not only burns calories but relieves stress as well.''' ,'''People often say they cannot run even 2km. But the human body is capable of so much: if people can run 60km a day for several days anyone can run.''' ,'''I do not have friends and network with the commercial cinema world. In every business, the network is important.''' ,'''I am an Asian food lover.''' ,'''Be fit. It will keep your body and skin looking good.''' ,'''I can get angry very quickly.''' ,'''Women don't think they need to exercise or run. They have a million excuses for why they don't have the time; they've got children at home, puja to attend to, breakfast to prepare and so on.''' ,'''If you do the same thing over and over again, then you will definitely get stale and jaded like most actors do.''' ,'''When I'm travelling, I don't like hotels that much because the spaces they have are really small. So, I look for a homestay or an Airbnb property which is large enough where you could just stretch out to do your thing.''' ,'''For me, a holiday is doing something else apart from what I normally do.''' ,'''In India, we don't have a culture of sports. We don't have a culture of an active lifestyle or exercise. If we want to change this mindset, women are the key. That's why we started the Pinkathon.''' ,'''I started event managing as my first career which I started in 1989, and that was the first year when I started modelling as well, so every time I start something new it is because of an interest that I have and then that interest becomes sustainable and doable.''' ,'''I have had no musical training.''' ,'''I like acting. It is a well-paid job and according to some people, I am good at it.''' ,'''Mani Shanker is brilliant. And working with brilliant people is exhilarating.''' ,'''I don't like waking up early.''' ,'''Running a marathon is a stressful event for your body, mind and spirit. But when you put yourself through that willingly, consciously and in a learning atmosphere, you begin to understand how to deal with any stressful situation in a way that does not drain you.''' ,'''My whole idea of being fit is not having to train for anything. That is the fitness level I aim to maintain.''' ,'''I accept roles which are challenging and surprise me, inducing hard work and thinking. Such opportunities are few and far between but when they come I grab them.''' ,'''Bad habits are easy to slip into and good habits are very easy to build. Don't allow yourself to do something that can destroy you.''' ,'''What we call endurance sport today, we've been doing for centuries with pilgrimages, walking across the earth towards some goal, which is not all-important, because it's the journey that matters.''' ,'''I have been to beaches in many parts of the world, but Maldives is amazing. The country is very small, people are simple, each island is so tiny and the food is good.''' ,'''Drinking isn't tops on my agenda. In fact, I hate champagne... and all white wines, for that matter.''' ,'''Once your mind and body is healthy, it creates a freedom that helps you enjoy life.''' ,'''Endurance sport is an inward journey, I like to be with myself, hear my heartbeat, my thoughts, it's something I've been enjoying since 15 years and it's only getting better.''' ,'''You get fitter as you get older because the mind has the ability to get stronger if you allow it, so with a stronger mind you can become fitter. The body is second because the body follows the mind.''' ,'''Running for me is self-exploration.''' ,'''There's a very simple rule to follow - never eat so much that you can't do 20 push-ups.''' ,'''The kind of encouragement I had as a child to continue sports was brilliant. Like any other family, my people asked me to stress more on studies rather than swimming. But, my mother said 'He enjoys it and should balance both studies and sports.'''' ,'''I don't eat refined white sugar. If I want to eat something sweet it needs to be made with jaggery or honey, so no chemicals.''' ,'''The main thing about an endurance challenge is that you have to endure. Not so much physically, but mentally. Your mind gives up first. Not your body.''' ,'''The first step in empowerment is taking control of your health, respecting yourself and understanding and celebrating the value you bring to your family and society.''' ,'''Some people are very much comfortable working out in gyms. Basically, it is all about movement. If you are comfortable moving in a gym, that is absolutely fine. But gymming does not work for me. I don't like carrying those weights and doing workouts on those heavy machines.''' ,'''The kind of freshness that newcomers have is something that you can learn from. As you grow, a certain staleness creeps in your technique. But when you see someone with no experience at all doing a scene, you can learn from that.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of my mom's cooking.''' ,'''It is very important for women to stay fit. They rule our world. They rule our family. If they won't be healthy, then it will affect all of us. However, health is never their priority. They will do everything to keep their family members healthy but neglect their own health.''' ,'''At 50, you have learnt to accept yourself, and that helps you also understand and accept your partner better.''' ,'''For me, barefoot running has minimised my injuries. It creates a nice balance, when you are connection with the earth. It makes me enjoy running.''' ,'''I make sure that I am active all time. For example I make it a point not to use the lift or escalator. If there is a staircase then I will climb it, even if it is 10 floors.''' ,'''Stress is a good thing, of course. Hunger, thirst are both stresses; if not for them, we would not survive. It is only the way we deal with stress that we need to examine.''' ,'''When people would ask me which was my favourite destination, I would say I didn't have one, because I would always want to go to a new place, but Maldives is incredible.''' ,'''Every political party, rotary club, every college, school, all organisations organise running events. This is something that ignites the aspirations of people.''' ,'''Whole purpose of doing endurance sport is to understand your body better, it's not about timing, it's not about competition, it's about understanding your body, mind, potential.''' ,'''You learn that later on in life - it's not about how much you can lift or how fast you can run. It has a lot to do with your mental fitness, emotional balance, spiritual awareness.''' ,'''I give credit to my mom for inspiring and encouraging me to take sports seriously. She was a professor of biochemistry and at the age of 60 when she retired she started trekking.''' ,'''There's no failure or success, just the experience of living in the moment.''' ,'''When you grow older, you realize that all that matters is the connection between two people. What the other person's dreams are, what they do, what they want to be, that's their business and you have to give them space for that.''' ,'''I have never liked going to the gym.''' ,'''I identify myself as a explorer, do new things, surprise myself.''' ,'''Nobody wants to cast me in films, yes that is true. I do not know why, but that is the reality.''' ,'''I am one of those people who love to act in films but does not want to watch them.''' ,'''I want all the aspiring models out there to know that it's definitely not just a pretty face that matters!''' ,'''I constantly want to see what level of fitness I am at.''' ,'''I think people do not associate me with the mainstream.''' ,'''I'm not a gym person, but I eat well and go for long jogs and that works for me.''' ,'''It is unfortunate that as a country we don't have this culture of promoting health and sports.''' ,'''As you grow older, your body does become weaker, but your mind becomes stronger. You understand and accept yourself.''' ,'''I eat pizza and I don't need to run it off. I just have fantastic metabolism.''' ,'''If you convince your mind that you can't give up then your body will automatically follow.''' ,'''I think, if I hadn't grown as an actor, I wouldn't have been offered television, let alone films.''' ,'''I feel lazy every day! It's the worst thing for me to wake up in the morning and get out of bed, and that is where the discipline comes in.''' ,'''I have always enjoyed myself. Sometimes I feel guilty about enjoying myself so much.''' ,'''If somebody is excited to cast me in a character that is surprising even for me to play, that is something I'll be looking for.''' ,'''Choosing a form of exercise you enjoy will help keep you fit and motivated.''' ,'''I've learnt that I'm unpredictable and unstable, not emotionally, but in terms of my lifestyle. I don't have a job. I don't have a career. I travel a lot. I like to experience different things.''' ,'''I don't have a pattern in my life. That makes me a great boyfriend because it's exciting. But I may not make a great husband.''' ,'''Running is easy. It is a misconception that it is tough.''' ,'''I find acting fun, and don't want to do away with that. I have never been able to see it as a job. It is another world I go to every once in a while.''' ,'''Pinkathon has carved a niche of being more than a marathon. Pinkathon forever training has created a culture of regular exercise and fitness which is taking root in India.''' ,'''I want to set up the world's biggest triathlon.''' ,'''Dedication plays a key role and in 'India's Next Top Model,' that will be a major trait on which I will be judging the girls.''' ,'''In my day, there were 20 models in all of India, three of whom were male. One of whom was me.''' ,'''I find Gurgaon to be more focused on fitness - the culture and the lifestyle in Gurgaon is such that fitness gets incorporated into a person's routine.''' ,'''I actually have a bad memory.''' ,'''If you run regularly for 10 to 15 kms, you get into that space where it is like meditation. There is no confusion in your head, thoughts enter and leave and you let go of all your pent-up emotions.''' ,'''I began with 'A Mouthful Of Sky' and I enjoyed that a lot. So, when I started getting offers for Hindi television, I jumped at the opportunity to do 'Margerita' and 'Captain Vyom.'''' ,]
+++