+++
author = "James Spithill"
title = "James Spithill Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 James Spithill Quotes"
keywords = "james spithill,james spithill quotes,james spithill quote,james spithill sayings,james spithill saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The fact is, an America's Cup team is more than a sailing team. It's anywhere from sort of 80 to upward of 100 people; of designers, engineers, boat builders, an incredible group of people, and there are a lot of nationalities in New Zealand's team.''' ,'''Trust me: I don't wish I was a New Zealander.''' ,'''There is no trophy for the team that sails the most.''' ,'''Grant Dalton, constantly, whenever he gets asked something in the media about Oracle, he makes the statement that we have got unlimited resources, and we can do anything we like. It is just complete crap.''' ,'''You can no longer just be a good sailor. You have to be an incredible athlete as well. Having said that, you can be a great athlete, the strongest guy in the world, but if you can't anticipate and make decisions under stress and exhaustion and think ahead, then you won't be able to cut it, either.''' ,'''In real life, I'm a dad.''' ,'''I love getting out of bed for competition.''' ,'''I've kind of banned myself from motorcycles. I've had broken ribs, broken shoulder, wrists, leg, broken collarbone - and it was all from motocross or rugby. All of my injuries have come from outside of sailing.''' ,'''I love America, and I love to say that my family is American.''' ,'''I just love sport; I love competing. I'm obsessed by it, to be honest. I can accept losing, sure, no question, but it just drives me crazy. Just ask my wife.''' ,'''Going to the gym on my own I struggle with, but when I'm in there with a teammate or a group of guys, it's the ultimate environment.''' ,'''In typical sailing races a long time ago, you'd come in and go out, and the first thing you'd do is probably have a cold beer. The first thing we do now is have a protein shake and our recovery drink.''' ,'''I'm not an aggressive person, but obviously on the sporting field I'll do whatever it takes.''' ,'''I grew up in Pittwater, north of Sydney; Elvina Bay, Scotland Island area. I had to go to school by boat. To get to the mainland, we had to go by boat, so it was just a way of life.''' ,]
+++