+++
author = "Jay Park"
title = "Jay Park Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Jay Park Quotes"
keywords = "jay park,jay park quotes,jay park quote,jay park sayings,jay park saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''24 hours a day, I'm thinking about what we can do with this artist, what I can do myself over here, and how we can tie it all together.''' ,'''I felt like, I need to do English music; I speak better English than I do Korean. I think the fans enjoy it as well, so let's start making music in English.''' ,'''Roc was only supposed to be our distributor, but then they ended up recruiting me as the label's artist. They said they really liked my album 'Everything You Wanted.'''' ,'''I would love to collaborate with them because they're my favorite group - 2NE1.''' ,'''No one can take away what I've done in this game. Everything I've done, I've earned it so far.''' ,'''Nike Air Max 95's - I wear them almost every day. They're super comfortable. I get a lot of gifts, so I don't really need to shop. But if I had to choose my favourite brand, it would be Nike. Nike is the best.''' ,'''I just love making music and entertaining. I really do live for this culture. I don't think about the other stuff.''' ,'''I think visually, and music videos spark my creativity.''' ,''''The Avengers' was a great movie. I love that movie.''' ,'''You gotta step up your bars! Look, I run two labels. I sing. I dance. I don't spend all my time rapping.''' ,'''I have a lot of respect for Big Bang because they are all very talented.''' ,'''I rarely get starstruck, but I've been a Jay-Z fan since fourth grade and had a huge crush on Beyonce in high school. I respect their artistry, and now I've joined Roc Nation - it's even more crazy.''' ,'''I'm late, right? I'm always late to every social media thing. I noticed my friends all did Snapchat, and, like, a lot of celebrities, so I was like, 'Oh OK... Maybe I need to get Snapchat.'''' ,'''It's not about being super famous. My first goal was to do what I'm passionate about - dance, hip hop, and R&B - but I also wanted to support my family and friends and create opportunities for me and people I believe in. It makes everything I do meaningful.''' ,'''I don't really get embarrassed a lot because I feel like life goes on. I mean, I fell on stage one time; like, I tripped one time. My voice cracked... That's pretty embarrassing.''' ,'''I would see b-boys breakdancing in the hallway, I thought it was cool. I started practicing in my living room, then started battling, and then I joined a crew, and we started getting into competitions. In fact, we still battle - for fun now.''' ,'''I'm constantly exchanging ideas with new artists. Honestly, with Jay-Z, our only interaction was a brief hello after I signed.''' ,''''Me Like Yuh' got, like, 20 million plays on Spotify.''' ,'''Someone at Tidal came to our show in New York in 2016, and I guess he was expecting, like, K-Pop. But he was surprised: he saw we were doing R&B and hip hop authentically.''' ,'''Everything I do is a learning experience. It's still fun to me because I grow with every project and every song.''' ,'''My favorite one, it depends. As far as rap wise, I like 'Ask 'Bout Me.' I like that one. It's like a statement: this is who I am. This is why I'm here. If you don't know, you're about to find out.''' ,'''Music videos are really expensive, and if I mess it up, it's like, 'Oh, there goes 15,000 dollars,' you know?''' ,'''A lot of people are comfortable labelling you because it's easy. Like, 'He's a rapper. He can only do this. He can only do these types of shows.' I want to do everything. I want to feel comfortable being me.''' ,]
+++