+++
author = "Keith Whitley"
title = "Keith Whitley Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Keith Whitley Quotes"
keywords = "keith whitley,keith whitley quotes,keith whitley quote,keith whitley sayings,keith whitley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My manager, my band members, we're all good friends. You need that because a lot of times an artist will be so sheltered he will lose touch with what the fans want.''' ,'''Everyone falls in love, everyone gets their heart broken.''' ,'''I got into bluegrass music when I was 14, as a way to get into a band. My brother and I had a band and our own radio show, and that's what was popular.''' ,'''The whole deal with my music has been the emotional quality.''' ,'''On my first album nobody asked me for a lot of advice. It was a producer's album. We were sent the same type songs with stock melodies. It was my first album and I was happy to do about anything they'd ask me.''' ,'''You have to come to terms with yourself as an artist and know what you do best.''' ,'''They say country music stands for more than the rural life. It's about life, period, whether lived in a high-rise or a hollow. I don't think rural or urban has that much to do with it.''' ,'''Lorrie came along, which is the best thing that ever happened to me. Because of her, I straightened up my life.''' ,'''I don't remember ever not singing. It's just as natural as breathing for me.''' ,'''I laid my country music aside for quite a while... because bluegrass audiences didn't care to hear it. But it just kept haunting me.''' ,'''For me, the past isn't deep and dark; I had a lot of fun I couldn't have had any other way.''' ,'''I was about 14, and I got hooked on the music of the Stanley Brothers.''' ,'''Songs I do have to strike an emotional chord the first time I sing them.''' ,'''We did the 'L.A. to Miami' album, with the song 'Miami, My Amy,' which really saved my life as far as confidence goes. It gave me a hit. But it wasn't really what I was about - and I think deep down inside I knew it, even if I didn't want to face it.''' ,'''I did so many crazy things while drinking.''' ,'''I've played the Opry before.''' ,'''I learned to love bluegrass, but my first love stayed hard country.''' ,'''When I came to Nashville, my personal life went to hell.''' ,'''I thought everybody had to drink to be in this business.''' ,'''We had sold a lot of copies of the 'Miami' album without being racked by some of the big distributors.''' ,'''I believe in 'Hard Livin'.' The song has a lot of potential. I sang it on the road for about a year before I put it on an album. The crowds really seemed to like it.''' ,'''It's not so uncommon for me to get so wrapped up in a song that I cry several times when I sing them. That's the difference between my music and some of the other folks.''' ,'''Shortly after I started in bluegrass, Ricky Skaggs and I got together and the bluegrass career just snowballed. Being 15 or 16 and making good money playing music was pretty attractive.''' ,'''I keep progressing with each record, and that's a positive sign.''' ,'''I feel like I have to create the Keith Whitley sound. That doesn't mean I can't borrow from the people I grew up listening to, but it doesn't serve any purpose to sing the same kind of songs they sang. When you do that, it's going to come out sounding like an imitation, whether it's meant to or not.''' ,'''Lyrics mean a lot to me, and I won't record a song unless I can feel it. That's something I learned from Carter Stanley. Even when he wasn't perfect technically, he got inside a song and sold it emotionally.''' ,'''Even when I was 3 or 4 years old, I'd go out riding in the car with mom and dad, and I already knew all the songs off mom's Hank Williams and George Jones records by heart. I remember just sitting in the back seat and singing them at the top of my lungs.''' ,'''It's funny, but no matter how good an artist is, it's not until he stands on his own two feet and sticks to his guns that things are going to come together.''' ,'''I grew up listening to my mother's collection of Hank Williams, George Jones and Marty Robbins records.''' ,'''You may not hear much bluegrass on the surface of my music, but I feel the emotion I put in a song comes from bluegrass. Bluegrass taught me to interpret a song, not just sing it.''' ,'''I liked 'Ten Feet the first time I heard it and it became my first top 10.''' ,'''I don't remember ever not wanting to be a country singer. Even as a little kid, that was my dream.''' ,'''Most of the things I sing in my songs, I've lived.''' ,'''I learned to do things the way the old-timers did.''' ,'''I had a rock and roll band as a kid. What I wanted to be in was a country band, but in Sandy Hook, Ky., you're hard-pressed to find a steel guitar player or a drummer.''' ,]
+++