+++
author = "Jake Roberts"
title = "Jake Roberts Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Jake Roberts Quotes"
keywords = "jake roberts,jake roberts quotes,jake roberts quote,jake roberts sayings,jake roberts saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Speak from your heart, not your head. You speak from your head, you can wind up getting yourself in a lot of crap. You speak from your heart, I think you're pretty safe.''' ,'''A child's hope is that your father comes riding in on that white stallion and saves them. You can't make somebody love you the way you want them to love you, it's not a Leave it to Beaver type world. This isn't television. Life's a lot more cruel than that.''' ,'''If you start the day miserable, nobody else can screw up your day.''' ,'''The snake will always bite back.''' ,'''My relationship with God has gotten better and stronger for the simple fact that I understand it a lot better. You know, to me, God's my best friend.''' ,'''You can't live for a moment that may not happen. You need to live in the moment.''' ,'''I still enjoy performing, whether it's in front of two people or 2,000 people, but it's not fun once you leave the big show.''' ,'''To be allowed to come back to WWE is the greatest gift that's ever been given to me. Back in the day, I never appreciated what WWE had given me, because I was in too much disarray and too confused about my own life. I let opportunities foolishly slip through my hands.''' ,'''I just enjoy being around fans, man.''' ,'''I did it the stupid way, through trial and error.''' ,'''Jake Roberts has a hard enough time being Jake Roberts. The truth is a brutal thing, I just hope that the kids take the time to learn about each of the wrestlers in the game, and if the kids can learn from our mistakes, that would make me a happy man.''' ,'''You know what, when you screw up in the ring, it's so embarrassing.''' ,'''I went through a lot in my life that scarred me pretty good. I built a wall around myself to the point where nobody knew what was really going on inside of me, including myself.''' ,'''When you screw up in the ring, it's so embarrassing. But the fans don't know you screwed up unless you act like you just made a mistake.''' ,'''I'm still stupid. I still do what I'm not supposed to do. Are you serious? I'm Jake 'The Snake,' man. I never claimed to be the sharpest knife in the drawer.''' ,'''Every moment is an experience.''' ,'''Miserable is a good thing, though. If you start the day miserable, nobody else can screw up your day.''' ,'''I went to visit my father to tell him that I was going to go to college and become an architect - that was my dream. I was like, yeah I graduated from school, but it's not like you showed up for that. But all he was worried about is whether or not I wanted money from him.''' ,'''There is this great, great wrestler, who never really got an opportunity to be a star, named Len Denton: he was a masked guy called The Grappler. He was one of my favorite guys to ever wrestle, and it was just a tremendous pleasure to step in the ring with him.''' ,'''Diamond Dallas saved my life. He didn't have to, but that's the kind of guy he is. He's helped so many people with his DDP Yoga. It's just incredible with the lives he's changing, the lives he's affecting. I am so honored to be part of that.''' ,'''As good as I was at wrestling, I never thought I was any good.''' ,'''It's the sad thing about entertainment, it's not always about who is the best.''' ,'''It's the sad thing about entertainment: it's not always about who is the best. Jake The Snake had a horrible time playing politics. I never had a belt; didn't need one. They tried to put me against Hogan twice, but when the people chanted for me, when they chanted for the DDT, that was the end of that. They couldn't ruin their marketing.''' ,'''My dream is to leave this business on my own terms, and if it were my terms, I would love to do the Royal Rumble. I would love to do Wrestle Mania in New Orleans, because I had so many matches there over the years working for Mid-South. I was in the ring with Muhammad Ali in the Superdome. To close it there would be great.''' ,'''I'm not really into religion, OK. I saw a lot of things I did not like when I got into organized religion. I think a lot of people abuse it, I think a lot of people use it, I think a lot of people make it what they want. And me, my faith and my relationship with God is very personal. And it's not anybody's damn business how we talk.''' ,]
+++