+++
author = "Giancarlo Stanton"
title = "Giancarlo Stanton Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Giancarlo Stanton Quotes"
keywords = "giancarlo stanton,giancarlo stanton quotes,giancarlo stanton quote,giancarlo stanton sayings,giancarlo stanton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always tried to be Mark McGwire and hit homers like he did. I was kind of following his race, too, when he was trying to break the record.''' ,'''If I'm ready to play, I want to play.''' ,'''People take everything out of proportion. Everybody loves to stir something. If you listen to everything you hear, there's a lot of different directions you'd be leaning.''' ,'''I played basketball, baseball, and football. I never had much downtime. But I think playing multiple sports helped tremendously in my baseball career. I have the agility of all three combined into one.''' ,'''We don't just say this every spring training - 'Playoffs, World Series.' You've got to do it.''' ,'''The one thing I didn't understand was the Minor Leagues, how that part of the business works. I'd see Todd Hollandsworth out there one game, and the next game he wouldn't be there, and I didn't understand.''' ,'''You can't change the past with a couple good months.''' ,'''I'm not going to change the way I work out in the offseason and prepare. I'm not going to change the way I approach the game. I'm not going to change the way I play every day.''' ,'''I want to win, and I want to win in Miami.''' ,'''I hate striking out, but at the same time, I'm much better at letting them go rather than, earlier in my career, worrying about it so much before the next at-bat against the guy. You grow as you play, and every year, I work to cut them down.''' ,'''We've got to trust that we are all in it to win it.''' ,'''Everyone has the answer. Everyone has this. You just got to move slowly. You get good little bits of advice and go from there.''' ,'''Training isn't fun for me. I do it because it's what my body needs, and I have a standard. It's a thing I make sure I do.''' ,'''I play to have fun. I play to win. I play for my teammates.''' ,'''High school is what kind of grows you into the person you are. I have great memories, good and bad, some learning experiences and some that I'll take with me the rest of my life.''' ,'''If there's a runner on third with less than two outs, I clearly do not want to strike out.''' ,'''I do what I love every day.''' ,'''You're not always happy with things that go on in life on a daily basis. There's nothing I can do. You've got to deal with it and still take care of myself.''' ,'''I can deal with losing as long as one is trying to win. If you're losing, and you're not trying to win, that is not fair.''' ,'''I'm very comfortable here. I enjoy all aspects of it. This is a place I want to make a stamp and bring something that Miami hasn't seen before.''' ,'''As long as you don't fold up and curl up into a ball, you'll be all right.''' ,'''There's not much you can complain about - you're a Major League Baseball player; you're getting paid to play a game. People want to be you, wish they could do what you do. There are some complaints here and there, but there really aren't any significant ones.''' ,'''I wanted to be a pro athlete. I knew that.''' ,'''I like to connect with fans, usually positive stuff. If there is negative stuff, you just look past it and talk to the people that appreciate you.''' ,'''I play 'MLB 2K,' 'Madden,' and some old-school 'Mario Kart.'''' ,'''Just worry about the work you're doing and the process of that.''' ,'''You want to stick with one sport and master one thing and be good, yeah, you might be able to go to more combines, but the life experiences and athleticism you get from playing three sports or whatever will stick with you and help you progress.''' ,'''I don't want to come to an empty stadium.''' ,'''I recommend multiple sports for sure. The memories I have bouncing around for each sport, having to juggle some in the same day, it's tough; it's difficult.''' ,'''Why would you give me so much money and not try to win? What on earth is the point of that? They have to be serious about winning going forward. There's no other logical explanation.''' ,'''I'm going to prepare up to the best of my ability, either way. I'll alter it as I need to.''' ,'''I have only a relatively tiny gap of being at my best, in my prime. And I want to make a difference during that time.''' ,'''It's not like my body has changed since I've played in high school, beyond being more mature. It's not like my power has changed, either.''' ,'''I don't need to go every day and re-evaluate, 'Am I living up to this? Or that or this?'''' ,'''It's strictly winning that is going to bring back the fan market.''' ,'''I hate it, but a popout is the same as a strikeout. It's a matter of productive at-bats, a matter of how you do it.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm financially good for the rest of my life - great. But I'm not trying to come here, get my butt kicked for 10 years, and go home to a lavish lifestyle. That's not fun for me.''' ,'''I'm a good beginning key.''' ,'''I want to have records on the field and do things on the field. That's what this is about.''' ,'''It's never fun to sit and watch, especially when you think you could be impacting the game.''' ,'''They say in baseball, your little flaws will stick with you from the start. It's just how you can maintain and minimize them.''' ,'''I don't want to get in trouble here, but the All-Star Game shouldn't count for anything. It should just be for fun.''' ,'''I could always hit the ball really far, but you don't need to be strong to do that.''' ,'''I thought it'd be different. Kind of like, a lot of weight lifted off of my shoulders, as I don't have to worry about finances for the rest of my life, or my family's. But it wasn't like that. It was more - there's things I need to get done.''' ,'''I like that I've been able to maintain a good stomach and chest. Push-ups and sit-ups are my go-to. It is the simplest routine and the best thing to maintain my stomach and chest. I'll do about 100 of each a day, usually when I'm already warmed up.''' ,'''I just want the pants and shoes to match - it doesn't have to be a high-end brand for me to wear it.''' ,'''The game is nine innings. It's not two, three. It doesn't matter if it's the fifth through the seventh or the seventh through the ninth. It's not two innings - it's nine.''' ,'''That is where I got my childhood memories, watching the Home Run Derby as a kid. Maybe some kids are watching me. I would like to return that.''' ,'''I know I have a lot of expectations to live up to, which I need to do and am willing to do.''' ,'''Just got to keep moving. Progress.''' ,]
+++