+++
author = "Merry Clayton"
title = "Merry Clayton Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Merry Clayton Quotes"
keywords = "merry clayton,merry clayton quotes,merry clayton quote,merry clayton sayings,merry clayton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was signed to A&M, I was signed to Lou Adler, who had a company within a company, which was A&M Records, and everything - James Taylor, Rita Coolidge, Carole King - I worked on all of that stuff.''' ,'''My dad sung and played piano. But he was also a man of God. He was a minister. So when Sam Cooke would come in town, you know, with The Soul Stirrers at that time, he was singing gospel, they would end up at my dad's church, and it would always be a guest singer for Sunday morning.''' ,'''My mother was a lupus patient. I was a child with the lupus gene.''' ,'''My family is part Creole, and we're Indian, and we're also very, very black. My father was so black, he was blue.''' ,'''I got put out of my church choir because my pastor said, 'We can't have baby sister singing the blues and coming in here and singing on Sunday morning.'''' ,'''Oh boy, I grew up hearing Sam Cooke, The Soul Stirrers, Mahalia Jackson, sitting on Mahalia Jackson's lap in my dad's church.''' ,'''I remember working with Ray Charles when I was quite young, and I would wonder, 'Why would he sing 'Georgia On My Mind' and 'I Can't Stop Loving You' every night?' I said, 'Oh my God if I have to sing these songs, if I have to sing 'I Can't Stop Loving You' one more night, I'm going to fall out.' Of course, I was young and I didn't understand.''' ,'''You get royalties from certain songs that you do when you do background. It's according to the work that you put in.''' ,'''I was very proud to be Mrs. Curtis Amy. My thing in life when I married Curtis Amy was being Mrs. Curtis Amy. Career was fine, but I was enthralled with being Curtis' wife. That was very important to me back then, and that's always important to a young lady from New Orleans. That's our upbringing: to be a wonderful wife and mother first.''' ,'''I always say that I went to the College of Blossoms and the University of Ray Charles.''' ,'''Carole King is one of my dearest friends. We're like family.''' ,'''I was able to endure and play a special part in music history. And I always managed to keep working, even if I wasn't a big solo artist.''' ,'''I knew how to sing in choirs and sing in church, but I didn't know how to sing in a studio. That's what Darlene and the Blossoms taught me to do - to be a studio singer.''' ,'''I started with Bobby Darin. He signed me to Capitol when I was 15. I was 14, getting ready to be 15. Then the next encounter I had was with I think Peggy Lee. I sang background with The Blossoms with Darlene Love.''' ,'''Back when I was working with the Stones and with Joe Cocker and Neil Young and Neil Diamond and all of those - 'the boys,' I call them - it was fun.''' ,'''I have always said every good thing is divinely sent from heaven.''' ,]
+++