+++
author = "Lu Guanqiu"
title = "Lu Guanqiu Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Lu Guanqiu Quotes"
keywords = "lu guanqiu,lu guanqiu quotes,lu guanqiu quote,lu guanqiu sayings,lu guanqiu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People in the U.S. welcome us. We're solving their employment problems.''' ,'''North Korea is like China was 30-plus years ago. Through our contact, we are certain they will become more open and more liberated.''' ,'''Our biggest competitor is ourselves.''' ,'''Wanxiang and Ener1 share a vision to help fulfill our country's strong commitment to electrifying transportation on a mass scale and to deploy lithium-ion technology to improve the effectiveness of the power grid.''' ,'''I want my people to work hard. But if they see me earning a lot more than they do, they would lose their sense of being owners of the factory, and what I say as factory manager wouldn't stick.''' ,'''As long as Wanxiang exists, we will pursue our dream to make electric cars, whatever the obstacles.''' ,'''Of course we want to pocket Fisker. But we will bid rationally. Whatever the result, nothing can stop us from making electric cars.''' ,'''I'll put every cent that Wanxiang earns into making electric vehicles. I'll burn as much cash as it takes to succeed, or until Wanxiang goes bust.''' ,'''We will cooperate with whoever is best... as long as they choose us as well. It cannot be merely unrequited love.''' ,'''A country that cannot support entrepreneurship has no hope.''' ,'''As I see it, if the production of a factory is expanding, and workers are satisfied, it's OK for there to be a disparity. The best paid should be about three times more than the worst paid.''' ,'''The road is still very long. We want to concentrate for now on manufacturing in the U.S. If I don't succeed, my son will continue with it. If he doesn't make it, my grandson will.''' ,'''It's not that things won't change - they can't help but change. Things are becoming more and more competitive.''' ,'''I want to use whatever resources in the world we can use, unite whatever force we can unite, ally with whichever partner we can find.''' ,]
+++