+++
author = "Cory Booker"
title = "Cory Booker Quotes"
quotes_len = "206"
description = "the best 206 Cory Booker Quotes"
keywords = "cory booker,cory booker quotes,cory booker quote,cory booker sayings,cory booker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't know what God has planned for me or you or anyone, but I do know that in darkness, you discover an indistinguishable light.''' ,'''Tolerance says I am just going to stomach your right to be different. That if you disappear from the face of the earth, I am no better or worse off. But love - love knows that every American has worth and value, no matter what their background, race, religion, or sexual orientation.''' ,'''I've taken on impossible fights before and won and I've done it not by taking on the tactics and techniques of demagogues and bullies but by calling people to our higher angels, calling to the moral imagination of communities about what we can be and what we can achieve together.''' ,'''When we embraced social media, we took more control of the Newark narrative. We increased responsiveness toward residents. We drew more of our constituents in to participate in government and improve our cities.''' ,'''Our platform is crafted by Democrats but it is not about partisanship, its about pragmatism.''' ,'''When American citizens pull together, there is little we can't accomplish.''' ,'''I come from a mother who can cry at a G.E. commercial.''' ,'''You should be able to afford health care for your family. You should be able to retire with dignity and respect. And you should be able to give your children the kind of education that allows them to dream even bigger, go even farther and accomplish even more than you could ever imagine.''' ,'''I believe that living life with a definiteness of purpose, with having a central focus, is essential to success.''' ,'''I was raised in a very religious home with two parents who were deeply involved in the black church. When I was young, I went to a small black AME church in New Jersey.''' ,'''As a guy that had been told to drop out many times as I was coming up, I don't think you should tell any candidate about what they should do and what decisions they should make.''' ,'''If you grew up where I grew up, you would experience a very different criminal justice system than Camden, New Jersey.''' ,'''Generations of heroic Americans have made America more inclusive, more expansive, and more just.''' ,'''The process of writing a book has given me a whole new reverence for writers. Mechanically, it is a brutal process; emotionally, it's incredibly healing.''' ,'''I think there's a lot of folks who believe that this is a time that Democrats have to fight fire with fire. As a guy who ran a fire department, that's not a really good strategy.''' ,'''This world has a way of trying to homogenize you. Trying to sanitize you. Trying to scrub you of your unique divine genius. This world wants to make you regular.''' ,'''A more courageous empathy is needed in our country to see the struggles of people from factory towns to farm towns to city towns who can't even afford the rent in their cities anymore because costs are going so high.''' ,'''I have never articulated a specific number, but I think a nation as great as we are, that professes to favor freedom and liberty, that we would find a way to evidence that in our criminal justice system by achieving what we know we can achieve: a reduction in crime, a reduction in taxpayer expense, and a reduction in the prison population.''' ,'''You can't have a physical transformation until you have a spiritual transformation.''' ,'''These are the themes in life which are consistent in Judaism, Islam, Hinduism - of being grounded in who you are and being engaged in an unjust world.''' ,'''I reject the idea that the guy who comes out of Yale and goes to work in the projects in Newark is good, and the guy who goes to work for a white-shoe law firm is bad. We're all mountain rangers. We all have peaks and valleys.''' ,'''People are always trying to draw simplistic dialectics that can capture things.''' ,''''Hamilton' is one of the best things I've ever seen on a stage, and for a guy who loves American history, hip-hop and theater, it was pure bliss.''' ,'''Are there any monuments built to demagogues? I just don't think so.''' ,'''As soon as I got out of law school, I went to inner city Newark, New Jersey, to become a housing rights lawyer, because people fought for my housing rights, I was going to pay it forward by fighting for others.''' ,'''Patriotism is love of country. But you can't love your country without loving your countrymen and countrywomen. We don't always have to agree, but we must empower each other, we must find the common ground, we must build bridges across our differences to pursue the common good.''' ,'''More than anything, we must do better for our children's education.''' ,'''I am happy that the urgency to reform our broken criminal justice system has found allies all across the political spectrum.''' ,'''I just know that I'm innovative. I'm a quick thinker... In Washington, I just want to be a senator who finds a way to drive change and not figure out a way to conform.''' ,'''Every sector of society looks at digital analytics in a productive way. Limiting my ability to use them is just unacceptable. And by the way, Congress conducts polls using traditional methods. No one is using social media analytics as a substitute for that.''' ,'''My father was not going to let me sit back and just consume my blessings. He wanted me to contribute, and to do that, you have to be mission-oriented.''' ,'''I'm worried about privacy issues, I'm worried about Russian attacks. They literally, if you if you look at what their insidious aims are - to divide this country, is to make us hate each other, to make us not to trust media.''' ,'''As I review the great history of our nation, community organizers have been at the center of so many of our great social movements.''' ,'''Americans, at our best, stand up to bullies and fight those who seek to demean and degrade others.''' ,'''My dad set a clear model for me for what manhood was all about.''' ,'''I have seen too many of my male friends - no matter whether they're on the football field or inside a church - bash gays and then revel in their machismo or piety.''' ,'''We should be ashamed of ourselves. We inherited the best infrastructure on the globe from our grandparents... and we've taken that inheritance and squandered it.''' ,'''We are at our best when we give the ultimate sacrifice of putting other people, putting the country, putting our communities ahead of ourselves.''' ,'''You've got to be one that, wherever you are, like a flower, you've got to blossom where you're planted. You cannot eliminate darkness. You cannot banish it by cursing darkness. The only way to get rid of darkness is light and to be the light yourself.''' ,'''You are more beautiful than you realize, stronger than you know, more powerful than you could imagine.''' ,'''We have Donald Trump standing up as one of the greatest fear-mongers in this nation's history. He's trying to make us afraid of each other.''' ,'''My whole life has been about confronting cynicism.''' ,'''One of the very hallmarks of our nation is the ideal of E Pluribus Unum. It is a concept that richly flows from the highest ideals of our nation.''' ,'''Equal protection under the law - for race, religion, gender or sexual orientation - should not be subject to the most popular sentiments of the day.''' ,'''I love seeing on Twitter when someone says I'm gay, and I say, 'So what does it matter if I am? So be it. I hope you are not voting for me because you are making the presumption that I'm straight.'''' ,'''I am a Yale Law School graduate.''' ,'''We've got to get back to a country that can get things done. And my whole career has been marching and charging at and running toward some of the most difficult problems in America and finding ways to create new coalitions to get things done.''' ,'''I'm going to have setbacks and failures; I'm not going to see change right away all of the time or most of the time. But everybody I've ever respected has failed at one thing or another. I've definitely fallen on my face. But I've also had a comparatively easy life.''' ,'''When I do my hiring in the United States Senate, I look at issues of diversity.''' ,'''We know that there will never be a great Newark unless there is a great public school system for our city.''' ,'''Democracy is not a spectator sport. It is a difficult, hard, full-contact, participatory endeavor.''' ,'''People who get comfortable in their spirit miss what they were created for. They were created to magnify the glory of the world.''' ,'''When I go about my own politics, I meet Tea Party supporters who I can work with in Congress, that I find common ground with. I find Tea Party supporters who won't let me get a sentence out without judging me. To say that there is a 'Tea Party supporter' is a gross generality.''' ,'''I respect and value the ideals of rugged individualism and self-reliance. But rugged individualism didn't defeat the British, it didn't get us to the moon, build our nation's highways, or map the human genome. We did that together. This is the high call of patriotism.''' ,'''Democrats need to define themselves - not what they're against or who they're against, but we have got to define ourselves with what we're for.''' ,'''You can be like a thermometer, just reflecting the world around you. Or you can be a thermostat, one of those people who sets the temperature.''' ,'''It's not hard to imagine Donald Trump leading us into a war just because somebody got under his very thin skin.''' ,'''Cities can become the engines that fuel our nation's growth and prosperity, and they can be wide gateways for families to achieve their own American dream of prosperity.''' ,'''In fact, when I first came to the Senate, people laughed. I had people telling me, 'There's no way you're going to get a comprehensive criminal justice reform bill done.'''' ,'''I'm very concerned about U.S. food policy.''' ,'''My faith tradition is love your enemies. It's not complicated for me, if I aspire to be who I say I am. I am a Christian American. Literally written in the ideals of my faith is to love those who hate you. I don't see why that's so shocking.''' ,'''We're not called to be a tolerant nation. We're called to be a nation of love.''' ,'''I want to try to live my own values as consciously and purposefully as I can.''' ,'''I've stayed put in the neighborhood where I first got my start and will never forget the people that believed in me and gave me my first chance.''' ,'''When I was just a twenty-something, I came to Newark, and I found a connection to the city in a spiritual way. I found a connection here and people here that reminded me so much of my roots and my own family.''' ,'''I was born after the Civil Rights Movement.''' ,'''I live in a working-class community that is struggling at the poverty line, where people who work full-time jobs still at my corner bodega use food stamps. Do you think they care what the stock market's doing today or what the GDP number is? No.''' ,'''We've got to be entrepreneurial; we've got to be innovative, and we've got to figure out ways of getting things done that people might think are very unorthodox.''' ,'''While most men don't have first-hand experience with gender-based discrimination, we can still be powerful allies for advancing women's rights. We need to do a better job of listening to women and standing up for what's right, even when it's not popular or comfortable.''' ,'''We're a nation of hope, of high ideals.''' ,'''I don't want to be a race-transcending leader. I want to be deeply understood as a man, as African- American, as a Christian, all that I am.''' ,'''We're heading towards a perception tipping point where it's going to soon become a foregone conclusion that not only has Newark turned a corner, but it's way down the right road.''' ,'''I debated between law school and divinity.''' ,'''I think Newark has been in the crosshairs in every generation of the fight to achieve America. And I think Newark is a city that's at that crossroads still.''' ,'''The fact that Newark is having poetry festivals and peace conferences - all of these things are building an undeniable thesis that our city is making incredible strides forward.''' ,'''My simple point is that I judge a person's faith by how they live their life, not by the tenets of their religion. I've watched the holiest of people walk past somebody in need or treat their staff mean. To me, the beauty of faith is only seen when people live it consistently or struggle to do so.''' ,'''These false barriers that we've erected of space and race, all these illusions that we've allowed to infect us like toxins, we've got to rid ourselves of that. We are a better nation when we are ultimately united in a common purpose and a common cause.''' ,'''I am a geek nerd who happened to have a temporary period of jockiness.''' ,'''We become distracted from productive labors by our perceived opponents; we become focused on them and not on our larger calling to advance our nation; our debate becomes more about scoring points against an adversary and less about advancing our common cause.''' ,'''This is our history - from the Transcontinental Railroad to the Hoover Dam, to the dredging of our ports and building of our most historic bridges - our American ancestors prioritized growth and investment in our nation's infrastructure.''' ,'''We also must pull from our highest ideals of justice and protect against those ills that destabilized our economy - like predatory lending, over-leveraged financial institutions and the unchecked avarice of the past that trumped fairness and common sense. Our platform calls for significant cuts in federal spending.''' ,'''Everybody wants to find their soul mate, and I'm no different. That's definitely what I want in the future.''' ,'''As a government leader, I'm not going to sit on the sidelines and watch all these other sectors innovate. I'm going to do everything I can as a leader to be in that innovation, to be a provocateur for that innovation.''' ,'''I'm intending to work on juvenile justice reform, sentencing reform, reentry, drug treatment, access to mental health care.''' ,'''In America we have a Declaration of Independence, but our history, our advancements, our global strength all point to an American declaration of interdependence.''' ,'''The mayoral mentality is incredibly valuable. I don't want to lose that.''' ,'''If I just retweet the nice things, it rings hollow after a while.''' ,'''There was a small point in my life in law school, right before I moved to Newark, when I didn't know what I wanted to do, and I felt so lost.''' ,'''We are all innovators, we all like to use our imagination, which is our greatest tool.''' ,'''I'm a person that's grounded in faith and believe that my core values, motivation, inspiration, draw from a conception of the world in that way.''' ,'''We can affirm our values as a country and have immigration systems that support our economy, that grow our country, and that make sure that we stay secure and strong.''' ,'''Let us declare that we are a nation of interdependence, and that in America love always trumps hate. Let us declare, so that generations yet unborn can hear us. We are the United States of America; our best days are ahead of us. And together, with Hillary Clinton as our President, America, we will rise.''' ,'''We must be agents of love.''' ,'''My parents were obsessed with my education.''' ,'''May we all, as a nation of believers, fight for the achievement of America; may we make sacrifices worthy of those proud men and women who fought for us, labored for us, bled soil from the beaches of Normandy to the fields of Gettysburg for us.''' ,'''Innovators reimagine our world in so many areas. We need them to help reimagine what government can and should be.''' ,'''My whole career has been marked by taking on the toughest problems, bringing people together, creating uncommon coalitions to ultimately produce uncommon results - things that people said couldn't be done.''' ,'''I've been wrong on everything about Trump; I've been wrong about everything on the Republican side of the ledger. But allow me - with that caveat - to made the prediction that Donald Trump will not be the president of the United States. It just will not happen.''' ,'''Food is at the core of our lives in ways we don't always think about - how it affects our environment, how it affects our health and well-being, how it affects the expense of society, the expense of government.''' ,'''My story starts with my dad, a black boy born to a single mother in a small town in North Carolina. It starts with my parents meeting in Washington, D.C., in the '60s, at a time of incredible activism.''' ,'''I don't know what the strategy will be in Washington. The reality is, is, I have got to go down there, as my mentor, as people like Bill Bradley have told me to do, get to know your colleagues on both sides of the aisle, recognize that they, too, beat with the same heart and the same type of blood.''' ,'''If you look at great human civilizations, from the Roman Empire to the Soviet Union, you will see that most do not fail simply due to external threats but because of internal weakness, corruption, or a failure to manifest the values and ideals they espouse.''' ,'''Minorities do not believe this country will give them a fair shake.''' ,'''Patriotism is a love of country. If you love your country, you should love your countrymen and women. It doesn't mean you always agree with them or even like them. It is understanding that we have interwoven destiny.''' ,'''Listen, don't get my Jersey pride going. We are the most densely-populated state in America 'cause some many people who know the secret want to live there.''' ,'''America has seen enough of a handful of people growing rich at the cost of our nation descending into economic crisis.''' ,'''I am the descendant of slaves, of people that were born from a slave and a slave master.''' ,'''If we are going to do big things in our country, we're going to have to think about better ways working across our differences.''' ,'''This November, with the re-election of President Barack Obama, this generation of Americans will ever expand upon the hope, the truth and the promise of America.''' ,'''The drug war has been a war where the direct casualties have primarily been America's poor; America's minorities; and often, unfortunately, America's vulnerable, in terms of people with disease and addiction and mental health.''' ,'''When your country is in a costly war, with our soldiers sacrificing abroad and our nation facing a debt crisis at home, being asked to pay your fair share isn't class warfare - it's patriotism.''' ,'''The majority of our criminals that we lock up are non-violent offenders.''' ,'''I'm hopeful that at the end of my life, someone like Frederick Douglass would look at my life and say, 'Well done: you've proven yourself to be worthy of the legacy we left you.'''' ,'''You were not built for comfort and convenience. You were built to overcome.''' ,'''I know Donald Trump. I've met him; I know his family. I have love and friendship and affection for his family members. But I'm going to work very hard to ensure that he is not our president.''' ,'''I live in Newark. My family lives in Newark. I own a house in Newark.''' ,'''If we want a great nation, we have to change it ourselves.''' ,'''My weakness in life is two men who seduce me all the time - named Ben & Jerry.''' ,'''So many great movements didn't succeed the first time, but people kept trying and trying and trying.''' ,'''In life, you get one choice over and over again. That is to take conditions as they are or take responsibility for changing them.''' ,'''In Newark, we see a problem and want to seize it, but we run up against the wall of state government, the wall of federal government that does not have the flexibility or doesn't see problems, even. At the federal level, it's often a zero-sum game: If you win, I lose. At the local level, it's just not local that. It's win-win-win.''' ,'''We're all tired of a Washington that has these partisan camps where nothing gets done.''' ,'''Our nation was founded with a bunch of founding legislators who joined together to move our country out of the blocks and get us started, and every generation since then has found a way to advance the ball down the field.''' ,'''The change we seek for our nation is not the choice of an individual but must be the calling of a country.''' ,'''Stay faithful in things large and taking on the world, but stay faithful in those things small - because remember it's the small things, the size of a mustard seed, that ultimately moves mountains.''' ,'''I'm very knowledgeable of the challenges before me.''' ,'''We need to create an economy that works for everyone, not crony capitalism and unchecked corporate consolidation.''' ,'''Athletes are still exploited. If they blow out their knee, if they somehow don't meet the mandates of a coach, they lose their scholarship. They don't get their degree.''' ,'''What most Americans don't realize is a lot of the challenges we're struggling with today are the result of conscious housing policies.''' ,'''The joke I always make is I'm either running for reelection, running for Senate, running for governor, or running for my life. The latter is also a viable possibility.''' ,'''It defies logic that protections against predatory debt collection practices don't apply to debt collectors hired by the federal government.''' ,'''I have got the job of my dreams.''' ,'''The greatest natural resource our country has is not oil. It's not gas. It's not coal. It's the genius of our children.''' ,'''Our platform calls for a balanced deficit reduction plan where the wealthy pay their fair share. And when your country is in a costly war, with our soldiers sacrificing abroad and our nation facing a debt crisis at home, being asked to pay your fair share isn't class warfare - it's patriotism.''' ,'''There is too much disagreement for disagreement's sake. In a time of persistent challenges that still call into question our most sacred aspirations as a country, we cannot afford shallow callous divisiveness in our public debate.''' ,'''The richness of America is that we are diverse. We're not Sweden. We're not Norway. We are a great American experiment. And as soon as we start trying to forget race or turn our back on race, number one, we don't confront the real racial realities that still persist.''' ,'''Life is about, every single day, getting up to manifest your truth.''' ,'''Being vegan for me is a cleaner way of not participating in practices that don't align with my values.''' ,'''I was born after the Civil Rights Movement. I never saw Martin Luther King alive.''' ,'''When people jump on your mistakes, don't hide from them; let people know that you're human, too.''' ,'''My grandmother from Iowa, she is dancing in Heaven at the prospect that the next president of the United States is going to be Hillary Rodham Clinton.''' ,'''Marriage equality is not a choice. It is a legal right.''' ,'''We have had in our nation a well-celebrated Declaration of Independence. But our success as a country will depend upon a new 'Declaration of Inter-dependence.' A belief in how much we need each other, how much we share one common destiny.''' ,'''I have seen things in my life that have broken me in spirit.''' ,'''My generation of Americans, the scions of daring dreamers, the children of the fearlessly faithful and the offspring of many of history's most audacious actors - we, together, drink deeply from wells of freedom, liberty and opportunity that we did not dig.''' ,'''Don't give in to cynicism. It is a toxic spiritual state.''' ,'''No matter who you are, no matter what your color, creed, how you choose to pray or who you choose to love, that if you are an American - first generation or fifth - one who is willing to work hard, play by the rules and apply your God-given talents - that you should be able to find a job that pays the bills.''' ,'''I want to try to live my own values as consciously and purposefully as I can. Being vegan for me is a cleaner way of not participating in practices that don't align with my values.''' ,'''My family is no different from yours. We may be different from the geography that we come from. Some of you all may pray differently than I do, some of you all may be from a different ethnicity, but we all have the same story.''' ,'''I spent eight years living without heat and hot water.''' ,'''We live in a nation where, when New Jersey figures out how to do something and does it well, and shows progress, it affects other states.''' ,'''Stand in a way that you are always empowering people to join in, because the only way to be truly successful is not to succeed as an individual, but to succeed as a part of a community, of a country.''' ,'''I'd gladly take a grenade, if it meant saving Newark.''' ,'''To me, feminism is believing in women's equality, and I ardently ascribe to that belief.''' ,'''We need a president that can heal, that can bring people together, that can get us back. We have so much common pain in this country that can get us back to a sense of common purpose and common cause.''' ,'''If we invest in ourselves, the collective good, we all thrive.''' ,'''My father passed away a few days before my election. This man, an African American born to a poor single mother in 1936 in the South, would worry in the last years of his life that he had better life chances when he was growing up than a young man born in the same circumstances would have today.''' ,'''You have to understand the Newark Riots - a lot of people understand that the pain was the initial explosion of anger and alienation, but after that, the response, sending the National Guard troops - a lot of violence was carried out and perpetrated by those who were allegedly coming here to protect residents.''' ,'''If we cannot provide excellent educational opportunities to all children, safe communities, quality health coverage, or robust and fair avenues towards wealth creation, then our nation will increasingly be in peril.''' ,'''On a daily basis, I think it's really important to be conscious of gender-based discrimination - which presents in sometimes more, but often less, obvious forms - and do everything possible to defeat that discrimination.''' ,'''I think patriotism, by its very definition, is love of country. But we seem to have become a country where the highest thing we're reaching for is tolerance.''' ,'''Our platform emphasizes that a vibrant, free and fair market is essential to economic growth.''' ,'''The issues we hear Donald Trump talking about are just so contrary to who we are as a people. They are an affront and an insult to our higher angels and our best selves.''' ,'''Elections have consequences. So many people want to complain, but they don't want to vote. We can talk about Hillary Clinton. We can celebrate her; we can support her, but if we don't come out and vote for her, for shame.''' ,'''Kids born into certain ZIP codes will most likely have certain educational outcomes. And we've got to end that. If we end that, we explode economic development.''' ,'''What happens once you get a felony conviction? Now you are entering this American caste system where you can't get a job, you can't get a loan, you can't get a Pell grant, you can't get public housing.''' ,'''Our nation was not founded because we all looked alike, or prayed alike, or descended from the same family tree. But our founders, in their genius, in this, the oldest constitutional democracy, put forth on this earth the idea that all are created equal; that we all have inalienable rights.''' ,'''Cities can be places that represent the best of our ideals: where Americans of all different backgrounds can come together and, through their interactions, and even through their unity, spawn true American greatness.''' ,'''Newark faces real challenges.''' ,'''The beauty of having your ego checked as many times as my ego was checked in Newark made me recognize how much I needed other people who were very different than me in order to get big things done.''' ,'''Having people that really reflect the spectrum of American experiences is important to have on the Supreme Court.''' ,'''As a vegetarian eating a plateful of eggs, I found myself in this weird place where I didn't want to think about where those eggs came from. I didn't want to think about the treatment of the animals who produced those eggs. When I find myself trying not to think about things, it seems to me that I'm practicing avoidance.''' ,'''We have a presidential nominee in Hillary Clinton who knows that, in a time of stunningly wide disparities of wealth in our nation, America's greatness must not be measured by how many millionaires and billionaires we have, but by how few people we have living in poverty.''' ,'''I love mayors.''' ,'''It takes too much energy to hate.''' ,'''Gender equality has long been at the forefront of my mind, and I think the Me Too movement has elevated many men's consciousness, my own included, about how to be better allies.''' ,'''I think a lot of folks are beginning to feel that the forces that are tearing us apart in this country are stronger than the forces that tie us together. I don't believe that.''' ,'''I learned about community organizing from my parents. As a child, their stories were so instructive.''' ,'''The disgust and latent hostility I felt toward gays were subcategories of hatred, plain and simple.''' ,'''In college, I was a fiercely committed Democrat - a meeting with Jack Kemp, then Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, challenged my blind partisanship.''' ,'''I'm bothered when people don't understand that they have an obligation to use their best measure of devotion, of resources, to sacrifice for the common good.''' ,'''We need to look at the totality of the things that we're labeling as violent and really examine whether we need to have some more proportionality in terms of the punishment fitting the crime that's done. The bright line that we have right now, between violent and nonviolent, does not account for shades of gray.''' ,'''You don't have to be one of those people that accepts things as they are. Every day, take responsibility for changing them right where you are.''' ,'''Hopelessness is a really toxic and dangerous state.''' ,'''I believe there's tremendous value in having a Supreme Court with a diverse set of experiences - especially when we're dealing with issues that range from our intimate relationships to how we finance campaigns.''' ,'''When they told me I couldn't sit on the Senate floor with an iPad - that the technology wasn't even permitted - I breathed deep and knew that I was going to have to start pushing.''' ,'''It's incredibly flattering to be a U.S. senator, which I want to stay at for a long time.''' ,'''Life's too short not to try different things and to see what works for you and your body.''' ,'''In America, our differences matter, but our country matters more. That's the attitude I wanted to take to the Senate.''' ,'''The Constitution makes very clear what the obligation of the United States Senate is and what the obligation of the president of the United States is. To allow a Supreme Court position to remain vacant for well over a year cuts against what I think the intentions of the framers are and what the traditions of the Senate and the executive are.''' ,'''After Yale Law School, I was proud to try to live up to my parents' example and began my career working for The Urban Justice Center in the streets of Newark, organizing residents to fight for better housing conditions.''' ,'''Small acts of decency ripple in ways we could never imagine.''' ,'''I wrote down the grades I wanted in every class.''' ,'''I want to be myself. I want to be as authentic as possible.''' ,'''What we need to do is understand that we have to love each other, that we have to see each other have worth and dignity and value.''' ,'''The gay people with whom I am close are some of the strongest, most passionate and caring people I know, and their demands for justice are no less imperative than those of any other community.''' ,'''Do not forget from whence you've come.''' ,'''We choose forward. We choose inclusion. We choose growing together. We choose American economic might and muscle, standing strong on the bedrock of the American ideal: a strong, empowered and ever-growing middle class.''' ,'''Americans are losing faith in this country's ability to work for them.''' ,'''I thought that Donald Trump's ascendancy would end when he attacked John McCain, saying he's not a war hero. I found that shocking, for him to say that.''' ,'''If we're concerned about climate change as a country, we should have policies that make sure our great-grandchildren have a planet that's healthy and strong.''' ,'''I live in Brick Towers, a public housing project in Newark's Central Ward. I moved in when the projects were privately owned by a man who the residents and I believed was a grade A slumlord.''' ,'''I have not settled down with a life partner.''' ,'''There's too much judgment out there. Really what we need to be doing is just all of us finding our own paths towards living the best lives we can live as clearly and boldly in accordance with our own personal values. And that's what I'm trying to do.''' ,'''Government has got to open up and engage citizenry as partners.''' ,'''Let's not judge. Let's draw inspiration from each other's stories - successes and failures - and realize we're all connected.''' ,]
+++