+++
author = "Cody Horn"
title = "Cody Horn Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Cody Horn Quotes"
keywords = "cody horn,cody horn quotes,cody horn quote,cody horn sayings,cody horn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm having fun playing with clothes now. I didn't used to appreciate the clothes as much when I was modeling. It was a job.''' ,'''I love stories and acting is a way to tell stories. Everyone assumes I've done it my whole life.''' ,'''And I was very shy as a kid; if you sang me 'Happy Birthday,' I would cry. Quite shy. So the idea of being an actor, much less a model, was just out of this world.''' ,'''I grew up in Los Angeles. I still remember when I was a junior in high school studying for the SATs. I had my job - I was actually a production assistant on a film - but on weekends, I would finish my prep tests on the beach.''' ,'''I'm a third-generation American, so I like that American-looking, Northwestern style with a flannel or jean shirt.''' ,'''I started modeling and after a while the photographer Bruce Weber introduced me to Joel Schumacher, who cast me in my first film, and I just fell in love.''' ,'''I'm lucky to have my dad in my life. He's very brilliant, I think he's really a smart man, and he's a kind guy.''' ,'''Acting was just outside of the realm of possibility for me. I grew up in L.A. and around Hollywood but I literally never, honestly, considered it.''' ,'''I mean, I do believe that when you walk on the stage, or onto the screen, that's your character - not you. So it's an interesting challenge, an interesting line to walk.''' ,]
+++