+++
author = "Filipe Luis"
title = "Filipe Luis Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Filipe Luis Quotes"
keywords = "filipe luis,filipe luis quotes,filipe luis quote,filipe luis sayings,filipe luis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In one year I won two titles - one being the Premier League. I have a trophy at home that not many people have and in possibly the most competitive league in the world.''' ,'''I consider my time with Chelsea a personal triumph.''' ,'''When you work with Mourinho, you have to know that the group, the collective is above the individual.''' ,'''It's not easy playing against Barcelona in the Champions League. They are a club with a lot of history.''' ,'''A footballer's career is very short, and I want to finish it in a strong and spectacular way.''' ,'''I have always liked Chelsea a lot. I watch a lot of the Premier League, and it is a club where you can feel the warmth of the fans.''' ,'''Playing with Coutinho is easy. He's a very quick player who dribbles well. He knows how to play out wide, and my job is not just to go past and help him: it's also to give the greatest number of passes to him in space around the opposition right-back.''' ,'''I admire Messi: he's never complained to me in any game we played, but I've also never asked him for his jersey and never would. I came to win, not to say I played against Messi.''' ,'''I lived in Holland for one year when I was younger and, although they speak Dutch there, I learned a little bit of English while I was there, but really I learned from movies and TV series like '24' and 'Prison Break.'''' ,'''At Atleti, you get to be at a club which is growing all the time. I don't believe there is any better club.''' ,'''Wherever Mourinho goes, he is a champion.''' ,'''The Ballon d'Or is a subjective matter.''' ,'''Paulinho will surprise many people. If he does not fit at Barca, he would at Atletico.''' ,'''At the level Neymar moves at, you do not change teams for money.''' ,'''I watch a lot of movies, and sometimes I watch the same ones a lot of times, so you get to learn a lot of words that way.''' ,'''When you're not playing, sometimes you're not full of confidence.''' ,'''Often, players talk when they feel they are not being valued as they deserve. Then they get more attention.''' ,'''With regards to the fans, whenever I've played in the Atletico shirt, I have given all that I can. I think I will win the fans back on the field and not with words.''' ,'''Some players benefit from criticism, but for others, they don't.''' ,'''Neymar and Hazard are amazing talents, but the player who gave me most trophies was Diego Costa.''' ,'''Epic things happen in soccer.''' ,'''Messi is so good that he can win La Liga even with a mediocre team, which is not the case. Barca remain up top every year because of him.''' ,'''Speaking about Mourinho is always controversial, and there's always some intrigue surrounding him. But he is an awesome coach who tries to take the maximum from each and every one of his players.''' ,'''Many players enter the pitch just to change shirts, but I don't.''' ,'''I've had some of the best years of my career at Atletico and remember the supporters, my teammates, and the coaching staff fondly.''' ,'''I was delighted when I found out that Atletico wanted to take me back. It's the best thing that could have happened to me.''' ,'''I hope I can retire at Atletico Madrid.''' ,'''I'm always in the 'butcher' role. But the only way to stop Messi one-on-one is to foul him. Otherwise, if I'm alone, I'll only get the ball one in 20 times. I have to use other weapons, I know the best way to stop him. I know he does not like playing with his back to goal, you must be right on top of him when he gets the ball.''' ,'''When Atletico tried to buy me back, I did everything I could to make it possible. I had offers from clubs in France and Italy, but I would not have left Chelsea for any other side - only for Atletico Madrid.''' ,'''Everything can happen in football.''' ,'''It's true I wasn't as important at Chelsea. I never demanded that. What I wanted was to be a champion, because few people get that. I succeeded. But the happiness wasn't there.''' ,'''He always scores the opening goal. Because it is one thing to score 30 goals with hat-tricks in easy wins, and another that 20 of those 30 goals are enough to win 1-0. Nobody does that as well as Diego Costa.''' ,'''When I arrived at Chelsea, I had got used to playing 50 games, and suddenly, I was sharing my position with another player.''' ,'''I feel at home in Madrid. I have always felt important, wanted, and trusted by everyone here.''' ,'''Everyone wants to play. If you don't, normally you're not happy.''' ,'''If you give Messi a metre, he'll snatch the ball and leave you behind.''' ,'''In the Premier League the big clubs can lose and drop points. Games that are supposed to be easy are never easy.''' ,'''In Spain you fight, of course, against Real Madrid and Barcelona, and they almost never lose because they have the biggest squads, and they are two of the biggest clubs in the world. So it's really difficult.''' ,'''When I left for Chelsea, I wanted to prove that I could play in the Premier League, but it didn't happen the way I dreamed.''' ,'''You know 'The Shawshank Redemption?' I've seen that movie, like, 30 times or something. 'Dirty Harry,' too - I love that movie.''' ,]
+++