+++
author = "Ric Flair"
title = "Ric Flair Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Ric Flair Quotes"
keywords = "ric flair,ric flair quotes,ric flair quote,ric flair sayings,ric flair saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I bleed like nobody else.''' ,'''You gotta have a pocket square, I think.''' ,'''I tell everyone in the world that I have always been the best father I could be and that I was the worst husband. Wooo!''' ,'''Without your health, you've got nothing going on. I thank God every day for good health.''' ,'''I spent more money on one robe than guys spend in five years.''' ,'''I'm every woman's dream and every man's nightmare.''' ,'''If you don't like it, learn to love it!''' ,'''My problem is that I think everybody needs to work as hard as I worked when I was in my prime.''' ,'''Space Mountain may be the oldest ride in the park, but it has the longest line.''' ,'''All the women want to be with me, all the men want to be like me.''' ,'''I'm Ric Flair! The Stylin', profilin', limousine riding, jet flying, kiss-stealing, wheelin' n' dealin' son of a gun!''' ,'''I had my first 'Survivor Series' in 1991 and I was fortunate enough to be an instrumental part of the shows I was on.''' ,'''I have had the greatest wrestling career in the history of pro wrestling.''' ,'''The guy who could be me, but he knows when to draw the line, is John Cena. John Cena can rock 'n' roll, let me tell you.''' ,'''First of all, Vince McMahon doesn't argue - he tells you!''' ,'''To be the man, you gotta beat the man!''' ,'''I can take more punishment than anyone in the business.''' ,'''I feel great. I had a blood clot. It was a bad deal. But when I look at my friends with hip replacements, knee replacements, shoulder replacements, neck surgeries, back surgeries, I'll take the blood clot.''' ,'''I was really good at being a bad guy; I like that role. Not being bad to people - just talking bad.''' ,'''I was really good at being a bad guy.''' ,'''Richard Fliehr does not make any money.''' ,'''If you have notoriety, you can dress any way you want to dress. That's the way it is. I just like to get dressed up. I think that they go hand in hand - notoriety and people lookin at ya. If they look at ya, either you look like a million dollars, or you don't. A guy can have a phenomenal body, but if the suit doesn't fit him, forget it.''' ,'''For me, it's about camaraderie. My whole life is like, if something's going on, nothing ever preceded fun. I always put my friends and the fun and the business ahead of everything.''' ,'''None of this was written to hurt anybody's feelings.''' ,'''Do I feel like I'm 65? No. I feel like I'm 15. That's my problem. I'm trying as hard as I can to act like I'm 65, but it's very difficult.''' ,'''When somebody has convinced you that you're not worth anything to anybody anymore, and they spend a lot of time doing it, you start believing it yourself.''' ,'''Miami was always a town that was kind to me as a wrestler. It's a great wrestling town, and it's a great town, period. There's so much to do in Miami.''' ,'''It's much more casual than it was, but my clothes and my ring attire - I thought up half of what I brought to the show.''' ,'''In order to be the man, you have to beat the man.''' ,'''I do close to 30 minutes in cardio at a very high rate. I raise the level of intensity. I do a level 18 on the elliptical at four miles an hour for 20 minutes. That's 360 calories. I want to see someone else try that. The resistance factor at 18 is brutal. No one goes to 20.''' ,'''Nobody has wrestled everybody in the business like I have, especially not Bret Hart.''' ,]
+++