+++
author = "Harry Kewell"
title = "Harry Kewell Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Harry Kewell Quotes"
keywords = "harry kewell,harry kewell quotes,harry kewell quote,harry kewell sayings,harry kewell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If my players work hard during the week, then I have no problem about the weekend because I know they are ready.''' ,'''I was always a player who asked questions, and it wasn't to be cheeky or rude, but I always wanted to know what the manager wanted.''' ,'''I went into a club who were sitting dead last in League Two, then I got them out of the relegation zone within 10 games, only to then get the sack... I don't get it.''' ,'''I finished my career in Australia and started my Academy, showing kids technique. I just loved it.''' ,'''Honestly, I love coaching far more than I ever did playing.''' ,'''I'm a big dreamer. You might as well go to the top. You want to dream big, you dream big.''' ,'''You will make a mistake in a game, fair enough, but you want your team-mates to help you out because it is a team game.''' ,'''In my line of work I have respect, that's it. Plain and simple. And I follow orders. I do my job on the park and I do my job off the park.''' ,'''No, I don't miss playing. I love coaching that much. Maybe if we're short of a player in training I would make the numbers up, but that is as far it goes.''' ,'''I have always liked being under the radar. Work hard and do well. That is why people talk about you.''' ,'''The first team play in a certain way and when players are thrown into the first team you want to make sure they can handle it, and I think five of my players made their debut in the Premier League.''' ,'''My career started off under George Graham, a general. Even though we had big name players, he would walk into a dressing room and people would shut up. I worked with Gerard Houllier too.''' ,'''When I decided to join Galatasaray, obviously there were a few Leeds fans who were disappointed. The reason why I came to Galatasaray was maybe to bring these clubs together, where we can forget what happened in the past and move on.''' ,'''When you sit players in front of doctors and surgeons, they use big, fancy words, and sometimes players get lost. It's hard to digest. But when you've been there and you can break it down into 'football language,' they can understand it better.''' ,'''I never doubted my football, it's just a lot of things happened that prohibited me from playing.''' ,'''I don't think people saw me as a coach. But as a player I concentrated a lot on playing the game and I was always interested in the thinking side of football and speaking to managers about why they would pick a certain formation or play people in certain positions.''' ,'''Crawley is also a fantastic club, who gave me a platform, but I saw Notts County as a wonderful opportunity to sink my teeth into.''' ,'''We're like on a rollercoaster and I don't like that because a sign of a good team is consistency, and consistency is a work ethic and it's about producing that standard, and if you can produce that standard week in, week out, whether you win or lose, that's a different thing.''' ,'''My passion for coaching is immense. I've fallen in love with it. I enjoy the structure. I love the hard work, organising. I love putting a plan together through the week and executing it at the weekend.''' ,'''I'm not silly enough to not understand that if you lose 10 games in a row, very rarely are you safe in a job.''' ,'''What bothers me is when my players don't train well.''' ,'''I still get a lot of stick from Leeds fans which is unfortunate because Leeds is very close to me. It was one of the best clubs I ever played for. They gave me the start and I had a fantastic time there.''' ,'''It was a great learning curve because I knew I could put on a session, but I couldn't set out cones straight! That's one of the hardest things to do in coaching, little things like that to be able to prepare a session properly.''' ,'''When I was playing, some people said I was a luxury player, but I was just a hard worker.''' ,'''To be able to get a young player to perform a drill or execute a phase of play - that's satisfying. I get happy and think he's learned, and that's what I enjoy.''' ,'''I loved Leeds but I also loved Galatasaray.''' ,]
+++