+++
author = "Brian Sandoval"
title = "Brian Sandoval Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Brian Sandoval Quotes"
keywords = "brian sandoval,brian sandoval quotes,brian sandoval quote,brian sandoval sayings,brian sandoval saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a strong supporter of states' rights to do what they need.''' ,'''For me, public service is an honor, and I have the ultimate respect for the rule of law.''' ,'''My first job was cleaning sheep pens.''' ,'''We must remind Americans that the promise of opportunity remains unbroken - that every person in this great nation can succeed through hard work, courage and personal responsibility.''' ,'''As governor, part of my job is to tell people things they don't like to hear.''' ,'''I was elected to solve problems, and I don't think it's conservative to have bad roads; I don't think it's conservative to have bad schools. I don't think it's conservative to have to go through budget crises every two years. So I'm taking the difficult issues straight on. That's what I was elected to do.''' ,'''I do not support driver's licenses for undocumented immigrants.''' ,'''In 1984, Nevada Senator Paul Laxalt gave me the opportunity of a lifetime to serve as a legislative intern in his office in Washington, D.C. Coming from humble beginnings, the experience changed my life and charted me on a path of public service.''' ,'''I've made a commitment that any tax increase, I'm going to veto. It's the worst thing we could do. We have an amount of money to spend. That's it.''' ,'''When you talk about a 'broad-based business tax,' that's a pretty broad term. I don't know what that means. But it's not something I would be supportive of.''' ,'''Dad worked his entire career as an aviation technician. Mom was a legal secretary who became a teacher. We lived a simple American life.''' ,'''We have overcome economic devastation, defeated mighty oppressors, and lifted up generation after generation of Americans. We can - and we will - do it again. For that is our birthright as members of the American family - white, black, Hispanic, Asian, immigrant, or descendant of the Founding Fathers themselves.''' ,'''Changing course is never easy.''' ,'''I worked my way through law school.''' ,'''Racial profiling is illegal, and I do not support it.''' ,'''As a former federal judge, I am cognizant of the legal issues. As governor, I am forced to deal with their ramifications.''' ,'''Good executives, like all good leaders, must expect opposition when making decisions or when making or enforcing the law. But executives must engage those that disagree with them.''' ,'''If you're making everybody happy, you're lying to somebody.''' ,'''Fiscally, I'm very conservative... others say that I'm socially moderate. As a former judge, I listen to all the facts, and I make a decision as to what I believe is in the best interest of the state.''' ,'''Fiscally I'm very conservative... others say that I'm socially moderate.''' ,'''Nevadans, and all Americans, are resilient. Overcoming adversity is a part of our national heritage.''' ,'''I don't think it's any secret I've never been an advocate for the Affordable Care Act.''' ,'''My children don't look Hispanic.''' ,'''Nevada was hit hardest by the recession - highest unemployment, highest foreclosure rate, highest bankruptcy rate.''' ,'''Nevada is a little different than most states. We only meet every other year in the legislature. So it's very important to have good relationships on both sides of the aisle... I have to have those relationships.''' ,'''Fortunately, good policy, true principles, and effective leadership work whenever they are tried. When we reduce government, balance budgets, and keep taxes as low as possible, states respond in a positive way.''' ,'''People have their constitutional right to contribute to a campaign and if they have discretionary money that they want to contribute to a candidate, whether a Republican or a Democrat, they should be able to do so.''' ,'''Unemployment, foreclosures, bankruptcy - the cure is not more government spending, but helping businesses create jobs.''' ,'''It's no accident that the fastest growing states with the best economies are all led by Republican governors.''' ,'''I registered as a Republican when I turned 18 because of Ronald Reagan - he was the president at the time; I admired what he stood for. I respected him.''' ,'''I am proud of my heritage and my family.''' ,'''I know that many students take personal responsibility for their education and succeed as a result. I want them to know they are not alone - that Nevada's system can and will support them.''' ,'''It's not how much you spend, it's how you spend it. We have been putting a lot of money into education in the state of Nevada, and it's gotten us to 50th in the country in graduation rates. We needed more accountability in our system.''' ,'''I do not support amnesty. I do not support driver's licenses for undocumented immigrants.''' ,'''My father was one of ten children.''' ,]
+++