+++
author = "David Boreanaz"
title = "David Boreanaz Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 David Boreanaz Quotes"
keywords = "david boreanaz,david boreanaz quotes,david boreanaz quote,david boreanaz sayings,david boreanaz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I could easily escape to a hotel for a weekend and do absolutely nothing.''' ,'''Growing up, I saw my dad do charity work for children with health issues. That had a profound effect on me.''' ,'''I've just always liked hotels. I like the bed and the sheets and everything that comes along with it.''' ,'''It's a blessing to be a part of such great shows that they're so recognizable.''' ,'''I've never really been concerned about being typecast, for me it's just about enjoying my work and being very professional in taking things on.''' ,'''I'm a sock guy.''' ,'''I was always one who was clowning around in school and getting in trouble.''' ,'''I went to Ithaca, found the Grateful Dead and my life was changed.''' ,'''I haven't been faithful to my wife. Our marriage has been tainted with my infidelities. I was irresponsible.''' ,'''I think it's always challenging to look at a script and make it your own while maintaining the sense of what the style of the show is.''' ,'''I didn't grow up as child actor.''' ,'''I'd like to do an independent film.''' ,'''I'm glad that I'm able to entertain and be a part of people watching shows and enjoying the work.''' ,'''I have a very clear vision as to what I want at the end of my prep, and then I throw it out and let the creative process take over.''' ,'''I see L.A. as a beautiful blonde with dirty underwear.''' ,'''I had my shortcomings - crazy hair, braces, bad skin and all that stuff. I went through it all.''' ,'''I don't do serious.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a chameleon with the whole entertainment industry so to speak.''' ,'''I love going over to Europe.''' ,'''I didn't come from a traditional background of studying theater and doing Shakespeare.''' ,'''To have that opportunity to direct under my belt was fantastic, so I'm glad I did it.''' ,'''Shooting a television show can be very difficult and at times can really wear on you. If you keep reminding yourself that it is a job and you show up together as a team and as a whole, you can prevail.''' ,'''In a sacred ground like marriage, you find yourself out of it at certain times for reasons unknown that can be destructive. There could be a demon that kind of comes out and overtakes you.''' ,'''I like to direct for the big screen.''' ,'''I like to escape to hotels.''' ,'''I'm a fighter. I'm a lover.''' ,'''I seem to get recognized more in London and Europe than over here in the States.''' ,'''I was associated with a woman who I was involved with and had a relationship with. She asked for money. I felt as though I was being blackmailed or there was some sort of extortion.''' ,'''I wanted to play sports my whole life. That's all I really wanted to do.''' ,'''I'm a sports guy. Football, God, I flip out.''' ,'''Do I believe in giving up? No, I don't.''' ,'''I believe in letting each person find what they need and not getting involved with their destiny.''' ,'''I hate TiVo, I hate DVRs. I do not get them.''' ,'''I want to make films and write films, which will happen, I'm just taking a different route right now. I'm a bit of a chameleon with the whole entertainment industry so to speak.''' ,]
+++