+++
author = "Henry Lau"
title = "Henry Lau Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Henry Lau Quotes"
keywords = "henry lau,henry lau quotes,henry lau quote,henry lau sayings,henry lau saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Music, reality shows, acting, all of them are ways to express my feelings. So I will continue to try to do my best in all those categories.''' ,'''I guess everywhere I go, I get inspired by those places, and then I have a bunch of Voicenotes on my phone. Everywhere I go, I think of these random melodies. It's crazy because everywhere you go, the melodies are totally different.''' ,'''Hollywood needs more diversity.''' ,'''Quite honestly, I never thought it would be possible for Asians to make it in the States. But now I feel like it's totally changing. You see so many Asian celebrities now, and more and more of them are taking bigger roles in movies. I feel like everything has changed.''' ,'''Each language is a different lens from through which you view the world. So, learn as much as you can!''' ,'''A lot of people got to know me through Korean TV.''' ,'''When I moved from Canada to Korea, I experienced a massive culture shock. I wasn't familiar with Korean culture at all and was very surprised at the hierarchical elements of Korean culture. However, at the time I was determined to succeed so I became a sponge and just soaked in everything I could.''' ,'''I don't usually get nervous.''' ,'''If I get another chance to star in Hollywood movies in the future, I am going to do my best to proudly show the best of Henry to the world.''' ,'''I've been almost everywhere. And then in some of the craziest places where you wouldn't imagine anybody knowing you. There's people at the airport. There's people everywhere.''' ,'''I was actually the head of the violin after-school club. And then I was also the head of the dance club, the popping club. So one day, just by coincidence, we had to hold the two clubs at the same time. I had to go back and forth. And that's when the idea came up for dancing and playing violin at the same time.''' ,'''Honestly if I had the time, I would love to learn every language in the world. I love connecting to people. If I can't do it through language, I will try to do it through my music.''' ,'''I first started playing the violin at 6. And then at 7, it was piano. So from then it was just classical music like every day.''' ,'''I was a little careful when I first started off. A lot of times, for example, I thought, 'Oh, I can't pull that song off.' I should have just done it.''' ,'''I always liked clothes when I was younger, but I never really dove into it.''' ,'''I think the thing that allows me to go into so many markets is that I can speak all the languages. Korean, Chinese, English, whatever. Thank you, my parents, for teaching me all the languages.''' ,'''I use Mandarin, Korean and English on a daily basis and usually only use Cantonese when I'm speaking with my relatives. I don't think it's very difficult for me to switch between each language because I've been doing it for so long.''' ,'''A lot of the demos I write are all in English, so releasing music in English isn't translating to English, it's just keeping them in English.''' ,'''I think for music, it's global. You have a song, it sounds good, everybody likes it.''' ,'''People think that the big companies make songs and their artists just release it. It's not like that.''' ,'''One thing everyone kind of found out about me was that my nostrils are heart-shaped. I'm not kidding you, they're heart-shaped.''' ,'''You don't get stressed if you think your job as a hobby, not as a duty.''' ,]
+++