+++
author = "Michael C. Hall"
title = "Michael C. Hall Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Michael C. Hall Quotes"
keywords = "michael c. hall,michael c. hall quotes,michael c. hall quote,michael c. hall sayings,michael c. hall saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm never more encouraged than to hear someone talk about how eerie it is that I move like my father.''' ,'''I don't think closeted homosexual morticians have the market cornered on self-loathing or sense of shame.''' ,'''I did feel that a part of my work was to empty myself out and let it move through me.''' ,'''It's usually good news when people call collectively.''' ,'''It's interesting to play a role where you don't really have to preoccupy yourself with any need to convince yourself that you're not acting.''' ,'''People feel like they know me from the work I have done, but it's not me.''' ,'''I think anybody would be hard pressed not to relate to at least one of the characters, because there's so many different multifaceted people populating this crazy world.''' ,'''I think I had a shyness about me, I think I discovered acting as a way to break out of that and as a way of belonging, a sense of being special.''' ,'''When people go get chemo, they're not injecting themselves with will - I have lost various loved ones to cancer, and I certainly don't feel that I am any stronger or braver than them.''' ,'''I'm an actor, so I think without a character to play, a story to tell, a song to sing... there's some suspicion that there's no 'there' there. Like, if I were to just strip down and present myself, I think I'd sort of just... disappear.''' ,'''My mother is a survivor who's had a lot of things happen in her life that have been very trying.''' ,'''I never really considered acting as a career until I moved to New York.''' ,'''I certainly know there are people in positions of power in the business who lack imagination and, perhaps as a result of that, think of me as 'David'. But I wouldn't really want to work with those people, you know?''' ,'''Whatever people can stomach, I say go for it.''' ,'''Being in a relationship, I only appreciate when I come home from work how much I've given of myself at work or how depleted I am, and I sometimes worry that I've given all my best energy to my work, and all I can offer you is the emptied out shell.''' ,'''I think we're really - we're doing a really great job doing our show, and other shows are doing a great job doing theirs, and we'll just see what people have to say.''' ,'''The language surrounding cancer is not language I'm particularly comfortable with.''' ,'''I've always been really fascinated by Vincent van Gogh.''' ,'''For me, it was more a dramatic shift to go from the stage to the screen.''' ,'''I mean, the competition is really created by the buzz around the Emmys. It's a totally subjective thing.''' ,'''Ultimately, I'm a mess. I don't mean I'm a mess, like, emotionally - I mean, I think probably everybody's a mess. David's a mess. But. I'm talking about... I'm messy.''' ,'''So it's really nice after about a year and a half to get back on stage and flex those old muscles.''' ,'''I like to think I am well-mannered. If I have the option at a breakfast place, I'll go with the grits. That's how Southern I am.''' ,'''Yes, I mean, There's nothing like it. There is an added sense of pressure because of that, but there's also nothing like the thrill you get being in the same space with that audience right there and then. And when you do it, it's over.''' ,'''I'm very focused on 'Dexter' right now. I want to make it as good of a show as we can.''' ,]
+++