+++
author = "Noah Cyrus"
title = "Noah Cyrus Quotes"
quotes_len = "90"
description = "the best 90 Noah Cyrus Quotes"
keywords = "noah cyrus,noah cyrus quotes,noah cyrus quote,noah cyrus sayings,noah cyrus saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Writing is the best way to get your mind clear. It's also a great way to explain your past or what you hope for the future.''' ,'''Dads are the best.''' ,'''There's one thing my dad taught me: don't talk about politics, because you'll never make anyone happy. Don't even go for it.''' ,'''A lot of people like to judge you and make fun of you on the Internet, and people make you feel crazy whenever you're in a depression or having anxiety or having a panic attack.''' ,'''We wrap ourselves up in social media and fame and forget what matters.''' ,'''It's nice to be in the family I'm in with all their support.''' ,'''I definitely like making my friends in the music industry.''' ,'''It's OK to be different, and it's OK to not follow.''' ,'''I obviously want a safe world for everybody if we're getting really deep, but my safe and happy place is always going to be music.''' ,'''There was just a moment when I fell in love with singing, probably when I started listening to Ben Howard and his album 'I Forget Where We Were.' I fell in love with that album, and that album really made me fall in love with singing.''' ,'''It's cool to step away for a second and be my own person other than just somebody in a known family.''' ,'''There were so many nerves with putting out new music.''' ,'''Everybody's like, 'Who hurt you? I'm like, 'The Internet.'''' ,'''I had trouble getting jeans when I was growing up. I had little skinny legs and this booty that came out of nowhere.''' ,'''The first song I wrote was for my friend. She was going through a really tough time.''' ,'''People look up to me, like my music, and even follow me on Instagram because they know I'm keeping it real with them.''' ,'''Lunchtime is hard when you don't have a lot of friends.''' ,'''I wanted to be a horseback-riding trainer and to go to the Olympics as an equestrian.''' ,'''I was so excited to do 'Slow' with Matoma. The song is lyrically so beautiful, and the production brings it all to life.''' ,'''My style changes once a month, if not once every two weeks.''' ,'''Lady Gaga is my big fashion inspiration. I look up to her a lot.''' ,'''Everybody thinks that I would go to Miley and my dad for advice, and I get that they're very successful and very big in the music industry, but I look at them as my sister and my dad.''' ,'''I had nothing to talk about until I, like, lived.''' ,'''A lot of times, I get what I want to write while I'm driving. I love listening to music in the car, perhaps because of my dad - that's all he does.''' ,'''I love writing sad songs.''' ,'''I didn't want to do anything but ride horses until I was, like, 15.''' ,'''My dad has learned all of the songs that I've sent him. He put it on his computer, on his jukebox, on his phone.''' ,'''If I could borrow anything from Miley, it would be her stage confidence. For me, that's just going to come with time.''' ,'''When I met Justin Bieber, I could barely speak. I was just going crazy inside.''' ,'''I'm now able to show who I am as an artist.''' ,'''I was 14 when I decided I wanted to start doing music and stuff. I was a really big fan of Ben Howard, and he put out a really amazing album in 2014, and then, after being inspired by my dad and Lady Gaga and Ed Sheeran, I wanted to start writing songs.''' ,'''I've had every colour hair you can think of.''' ,'''I like writing with people. I think the times that I've closed myself off to not writing with people, I haven't gotten the best product because I haven't had anyone to go back and forth with and really discuss what's going on in my life, what's going on in their life. It's so important to have that connection.''' ,'''I didn't get along with people at school.''' ,'''I just want people to know it's OK to really feel their feelings.''' ,'''I always like a baggy pant.''' ,'''I have a septum ring that I always keep pushed up in my nose, but if I put on a dress and think it's just a little girly for me, - boom! - I pop out my septum ring. Or I might throw on a big pair of hoop earrings - or a diamond choker. That's fancy, but not too proper or elegant because it's still a choker! It's all about making it your own.''' ,'''I think you've got to be as honest as possible in order to influence someone.''' ,'''My grandma is very musical and can play piano by ear, and my grandpa was in a quartet in Kentucky.''' ,'''Watching her, I've seen the pros and cons of being in the industry, and how so many people can be so harsh - especially toward someone as talented as Miley. But I look up to her for being so strong, being able to take all of that hate and being able to deal with people who misunderstand who she is.''' ,'''My mom gives great advice, and so does my dad.''' ,'''I love animals so much.''' ,'''I definitely grew up differently to most of my friends, and that was a little bit of a struggle then. I wouldn't want to change anything about the way I grew up, even though it was a different situation. I still love the way I grew up, and I had an amazing childhood with a really supportive family.''' ,'''My songwriting is personal in the hope that listeners will know that I relate to them.''' ,'''I've experienced cyberbullying my entire life due to just having a last name that people knew.''' ,'''I take advice from both my sisters all the time. We try to help each other as much as we can without getting in the catty sister fight.''' ,'''It's like I've been in music school my whole life.''' ,'''I write about so much personal stuff, it's like reading my diary.''' ,'''That's my dream - to play Coachella... not as a guest but as me!''' ,'''I've always wanted to be my own person. Even when I was 'Noah who rode horses,' I wanted to be Noah Cyrus, not anyone else or a family member.''' ,'''Pizza makes me throw up!''' ,'''Do I have a cold heart? Some say.''' ,'''I was on my dad's tour bus when I was super little. My dad did a tour of 'Annie Get Your Gun' when I was really little, and I loved going and seeing him do that.''' ,'''Of course, my sister and my dad, I respect as musicians and look up to them, but people kind of forget that they're my family, so my first reaction isn't always, 'Let me see what my dad and Miley think about this record.'''' ,'''Everyone is super creative in the family.''' ,'''Falling in front of an audience - that's, like, my biggest fear.''' ,'''I've worked with PETA on freeing elephants from the circus.''' ,'''My dad always had me sing alongside him while he played guitar. He taught me how to harmonize to an old song of his, 'Missing You.'''' ,'''You should always speak up. That's what I like to teach my fans - to be real and speak up for things you're passionate about.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I'm a rebel, but I do like pushing the limits sometimes.''' ,'''Oh my God, nothing compares to the pre-horse show jitters! It's like going on 'American Idol' or 'The Voice' all the time, because you're just going and getting judged for your entire show.''' ,'''Whenever I go into the studio, I'm like, 'Guys, we're probably not going to get an uptempo out of this!'''' ,'''They say your taste palate changes every seven years, so maybe your personality changes every five, you know?''' ,'''What a lot of the public doesn't know, and I'm sure my fans aren't aware of, orcas have died living at Sea World, and that has not been from old age.''' ,''''We Are... ' is all obviously about social media and kind of the insecurities around social media and how people have become addicted to their phones and altered children's minds to what they need to look like, what they need to dress like.''' ,'''I don't know if I would compare my sound to anyone because I like to think that my music is my music.''' ,'''You should do the sound that you want and not what others want.''' ,'''I want people to see me as my own person.''' ,'''My dad is my biggest musical inspiration.''' ,'''It doesn't bother me that people compare me as a little sister or youngest daughter of my dad, but when my album does come out, I want to be thought of as Noah Cyrus.''' ,'''My sister Miley really inspires me because she's all about being herself.''' ,'''Every time I finish a song, I play it for my family. I don't hide anything.''' ,'''I was riding every single day. I home-schooled because of horses.''' ,'''I almost got my babysitter arrested when I was 7.''' ,'''All I care about is my music.''' ,'''As a twelve-year-old girl, I thought that I was only pretty if the people on social media told me that I was pretty - and they weren't telling me I was pretty. So I didn't think I was pretty, and I was really down on myself, and I really was sad with myself. But social media doesn't give you validation or make you pretty. You make you pretty.''' ,'''I don't feel pressure at all. I'm kind of a 'go with the flow.'''' ,'''I'm at the barn six days a week.''' ,'''My dad is my biggest fan, and so is my mom.''' ,'''Guys are awesome, but I vote for going to prom with a group of friends. It's so much less drama.''' ,'''To think that any animal would be trapped makes me so sad. It's like living in your bedroom for your entire life and never being able to go outside.''' ,'''I wanted people to connect to me on that level where I can write about anything, but it would still make someone feel a certain way.''' ,'''My music has given me a confidence I wouldn't have had if I had gone a different route.''' ,'''I think, for anybody - not even when you're on stage - it's good to dress in the way that you're comfortable; it definitely boosts your confidence. If you're worried about what you look like the whole time, you're not going to be able to be confident.''' ,'''Anything that's really made an impact on my life, I want to get in the studio and write about it.''' ,'''Because I love all animals so much, people should realize they don't have to cut into something to learn about it.''' ,'''My dad had 'Mad at You' down on the guitar before I even had finished the production on the record... he learned it within, like, five minutes.''' ,'''My family has never put pressure on me. They've always been supportive no matter what.''' ,'''We have this pre-show thing where we all get into a huddle and yell, 'Pop, pop, it's showtime,' and I have to give credit to Bruno Mars for that one. I started doing it after I became obsessed with '24K Magic.' I want to ask Bruno if he'll ever come to my huddle with me!''' ,'''I definitely made friends with the people I like to write with, but I'll also write with people I haven't met before or producers I haven't met before because how are you supposed to make those friends without trying?''' ,]
+++