+++
author = "Cal Thomas"
title = "Cal Thomas Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Cal Thomas Quotes"
keywords = "cal thomas,cal thomas quotes,cal thomas quote,cal thomas sayings,cal thomas saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As pressure grows to ease the financial burden on social security, pressure will also grow to eliminate the elderly and infirm to 'free up' more money for the 'fit' and those who contribute more than they take from society.''' ,'''No power on earth is greater than a mind and soul reawakened. Our Constitution begins 'we the people', not 'us the government'.''' ,'''Politicians have limited power. They can't impose morality on themselves. How can they impose it on the country?''' ,'''The difference between the more traditional sports clubs and Congress is that Congress doesn't really compete against another team.''' ,'''Freedom is a lonely battle, but if the United States doesn't lead it - sometimes imperfectly, but mostly with honor - who will?''' ,'''Sometimes people need a kick in the pants to get them to do what they would be doing if government weren't there as a perpetual parent.''' ,'''America's most dangerous diseases have developed an immunity to politics. We suffer not from a failure of political organization or power, but a failure of love.''' ,'''In violent streets and broken homes, the cry of anguished souls is not for more laws but for more conscience and character.''' ,'''In a free society, government reflects the soul of its people. If people want change at the top, they will have to live in different ways. Our major social problems are not the cause of our decadence. They are a reflection of it.''' ,'''One of the reasons people hate politics is that truth is rarely a politician's objective. Election and power are.''' ,'''Government has a legitimate function, but the private sector has one too, and it is superior. In other words, people are better than institutions.''' ,'''People who relieve others of their money with guns are called robbers. It does not alter the immorality of the act when the income transfer is carried out by government.''' ,]
+++