+++
author = "Muammar Al-Gaddafi"
title = "Muammar Al-Gaddafi Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Muammar Al-Gaddafi Quotes"
keywords = "muammar al-gaddafi,muammar al-gaddafi quotes,muammar al-gaddafi quote,muammar al-gaddafi sayings,muammar al-gaddafi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Those who do not love me do not deserve to live.''' ,'''We are telling the American people to have patience, courage, resolve and determination.''' ,'''I do not support peace in the Middle East. And I do not support Arafat. He is a stupid, incompetent fool!''' ,'''We have been terrorised by what happened in America and we express our condolences to the American people who suffered from this unexpected catastrophe and a new world war.''' ,'''It was very much exaggerated, this information campaign, this sustained campaign against us. But if I may... Over the process of years, it will thaw out. I mean, just gradually through contact, through dialogue, through investment.''' ,'''All right, then nobody can complain if we ask pregnant women to make parachute jumps.''' ,'''I am a Bedouin warrior who brought glory to Libya and will die a martyr.''' ,'''There is no state with a democracy except Libya on the whole planet.''' ,'''I cannot recognise either the Palestinian state or the Israeli state. The Palestinians are idiots and the Israelis are idiots.''' ,'''We have to serve God or guarantee the safety of the Jews. And this can be done by them accepting the Palestinians, recognizing the Palestinians, accepting that fact that they should live with the Palestinians in one state, together. Unfortunately, the Jews are fighting or struggling against their own friend - the Arabs.''' ,'''There must be a world revolution which puts an end to all materialistic conditions hindering woman from performing her natural role in life and driving her to carry out man's duties in order to be equal in rights.''' ,'''The world doesn't understand the system here. The authority of the people. You don't understand it.''' ,'''America is so afraid of terror and terrorism to the point that they don't allow people to move around freely and see what they wish to see. I really wish to see the whole of America, if it is possible.''' ,'''I am keen and anxious for the safety of both the Jews and the Palestinians.''' ,'''The times of Arab nationalism and unity are gone forever. These ideas which mobilized the masses are only a worthless currency.''' ,'''For 40 years, I have not been the ruler - the authority has been with the people. They take nothing from me or add anything to me.''' ,'''There is an intention to colonise Libya. And this makes the Libyan people want to fight the new colonisation by the West.''' ,'''If they wanted to end the violence and war between them and if they wanted Jews and Palestinians to live in peace, Jews and Palestinians, then they should consider this solution: one democratic state, free from weapons of mass destruction, and with the return of the Palestinian refugees.''' ,'''I was a hardliner with regard to colonialism, which had occupied Africa and large parts of the world. We were waging an armed struggle, and therefore, one had to be strong. But now, no one asks for weapons but for economic aid, which changes your position.''' ,'''I'm not a president. They love me. All my people are with me; they love me all. They will die to protect me, my people.''' ,'''The West sees liberation movements as terrorist movements, and that is why I am accused of supporting terrorism: because I support liberation movements.''' ,'''My presence is to instigate and incite the people for any change they want, and for not having a change that they don't wish to do.''' ,'''I am an international leader, the dean of the Arab rulers, the king of kings of Africa and the imam of Muslims, and my international status does not allow me to descend to a lower level.''' ,'''Nations whose nationalism is destroyed are subject to ruin.''' ,]
+++