+++
author = "Bubba Smith"
title = "Bubba Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Bubba Smith Quotes"
keywords = "bubba smith,bubba smith quotes,bubba smith quote,bubba smith sayings,bubba smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't go to clubs and stuff like that, so I don't have to put up with it in there. And normally, because obviously I could hurt somebody, and if I look at it that way, I have to back off.''' ,'''We all laughed. It was more like that whole thing that I was talking about earlier. You go to training camp and after the season is over, you might not see the guys for six months until you go back to training camp.''' ,'''Well, I'm not a violent person. You have to back off. People sometimes will try you and try you until you try not to, but you have to react. Normally, I just walk away.''' ,'''Everything has gotten vulgar and out of line for children to watch. It's more of a swearing match.''' ,'''The ninth grade. I went from 5'9' to 6'8'.''' ,'''Well, everybody knew their character. I was the only one who didn't have a partner. I basically showed up when people got in trouble. Where I came from, I don't know. Nobody knows. But I would show up to help.''' ,'''Hugh Wilson made it so real and he took us and it was almost when he was directing it, the way he would do it was funnier than the way we did it. And I just developed a regard for him that was unbelievable.''' ,'''You know, he would go and look at different funny books because he wanted his character to be different and make different faces. I saw a funny book in his room and it looked like the same character he was playing. It was about a duck.''' ,'''We were younger. And it's basically like looking at football classics. You see things that you did, you see things that you could've done better and you think about all the good relationships that you had with the cast.''' ,]
+++