+++
author = "Obiageli Ezekwesili"
title = "Obiageli Ezekwesili Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Obiageli Ezekwesili Quotes"
keywords = "obiageli ezekwesili,obiageli ezekwesili quotes,obiageli ezekwesili quote,obiageli ezekwesili sayings,obiageli ezekwesili saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My mum was a quintessential businesswoman. She taught me problem-solving. She can solve any problem.''' ,'''I would like to see a lot of people more involved in practical solutions to practical problems. Women have got to the point where we can turn the world upside down.''' ,'''In terms of competitiveness of new global environment, Kenya will have absolutely no choice but to tackle the most important constraint to its development: it has been corruption.''' ,'''Social media is simply a tool that facilitates actions.''' ,'''How can the cost of education be the cost of life? It is unacceptable; it is reprehensible that we have allowed it to fester.''' ,'''It is time for someone as powerful as Barack Obama to compare the girls of Chibok to his own daughters. These girls are a symbol of our own message to girls that they should be educated, that we would go beyond the call of duty for you.''' ,'''Do our children now have to choose between getting an education and dying? Some of us cannot move on and accept that kind of society.''' ,'''China, frankly, can be an opportunity for Africa based on the huge infrastructure deficit on the continent, but what needs to happen is that governments and citizens have to build internal ownership of the need of good governance, transparency, accountability, for respect for the environment.''' ,'''There's absolutely nothing that the God I believe in cannot do.''' ,'''The way our government handled the Chibok girls case goes beyond an election matter. This is not a one-time issue we discuss over elections. We need to have a deeper conversation about what kind of a nation we want to be.''' ,'''What would ultimately de-escalate the challenges of society would be for people to get educated, especially for more women to be educated because when more women are educated, they invest much more of their time and income in ensuring that the next generation would perform even more than they have done.''' ,'''I have always battled injustice. As a child, I used to fight on the side of my friends when boys terrorized them.''' ,]
+++