+++
author = "Fuzzy Zoeller"
title = "Fuzzy Zoeller Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Fuzzy Zoeller Quotes"
keywords = "fuzzy zoeller,fuzzy zoeller quotes,fuzzy zoeller quote,fuzzy zoeller sayings,fuzzy zoeller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If the pressure is getting to you, whistle. In a barely audible way. It's the best way I know of to let go of tension. Music gets your mind off the situation, and the act of whistling melts the tension out of your body.''' ,'''I hope everybody's had fun, because I've enjoyed my ride. I can tell you that. Now it's time to step aside and let some other young kid come in and win. Hopefully, they will, too.''' ,'''I'm not a great player, but I'm a damn good one.''' ,'''You would think that Freddy Couples-Nick Price would be the team to beat, but I'll tell you in skins, it's a matter of just hitting it at the right time.''' ,'''It's kind of exciting again. I'm doing everything right, right now. I'm driving the ball well and I'm hitting some pretty good irons and giving myself opportunities.''' ,'''When you play against the best, it brings the best out in everybody.''' ,'''A lot of amateurs are terrified of going up against a player who is clearly better than they are. They never play their best, because they aren't comfortable. There's one surefire way to get over that, and it's to ask yourself, 'What if I beat him?' Imagine the possibility.''' ,'''I'm glad I don't have to make a living farming. Too much hard work. Too many variables you don't have control over, like, is it going to rain? All I can say is, god bless the real farmers out there.''' ,'''It was Jack's and Tom Watson's day yesterday. But today, it's another day.''' ,'''When I hosted the dinner I served fast food hamburgers. It had nothing to do with black, white, purple, yellow, green race. it had nothing to do with Tiger or his family or his golf game.''' ,'''The key factor in the vodka category is smoothness, and smoothness is what our vodka has.''' ,'''It's nice to walk into a club and see your picture. Then you know you've done something good.''' ,'''Have a little fun. A few laughs.''' ,'''I realize I'm not a machine. I'm going to make mistakes.''' ,'''There is something magical about that green coat. I mean that sincerely. It's a very special week, and being able to wear that green jacket. It's made my whole career. It's special.''' ,'''I hate golf to be tricked up. To me it's a fun game.''' ,'''The greatest thing about golf, there's no end to it unless you're dead. You just go from here to the Senior Tour.''' ,'''Every time I got close, somebody seemed to play a little better.''' ,'''I have to make things right with Tiger first before anything else.''' ,'''I wasn't sure I'd ever win again. Every time I got close, somebody seemed to play a little better.''' ,'''Vodka does not ease back pain. But it does get your mind off it.''' ,'''Everybody saying you can't do this, you can't do that. I don't know why. Guess if you listen to it, you can convince yourself of it.''' ,'''What's appropriate in America anymore?''' ,'''Golf isn't first on my list anymore. There are a lot of things ahead of golf and I have to go ahead and do those things so I can play golf. I'm tired of hurting. Tired of fighting pain.''' ,'''Life is not a bowl full of cherries, there's good and bad stuff.''' ,'''At the British Open, I had my opportunities, but the ball just didn't want to go in the hole on the back nine.''' ,'''I might not come home with hardware, but I'm winning.''' ,'''There's a lot of great people out here, I just appreciate it and hope everybody has had fun because I've enjoyed my ride.''' ,'''Newspapers do a good job telling me what happened yesterday, but they'd be a lot more impressive if they could tell me what's going to happen tomorrow.''' ,'''If I hadn't become a golfer, I doubt I'd be wealthy, because I don't have the sort of ego that drives a person all day long. I might have wound up driving a tractor.''' ,'''I think I can be competitive. Heck, anybody who can walk to the first tee here has a chance.''' ,'''They talk about Amen Corner but there's so much more to it than what meets the eye on this golf course.''' ,'''A million thoughts went through my mind. What little mind I have.''' ,'''When you have strings, everybody pulls you here and pulls you there.''' ,'''It's fun when the ball is going in the hole and things are going right, but it's a miserable game when things aren't going well.''' ,'''When things are going good they just keep going good.''' ,'''Every shot makes someone happy.''' ,'''Playing with friends is a victory.''' ,'''I win everyday I'm out there.''' ,'''I've been on the tour for 23 years and anybody who knows me knows that I am a jokester.''' ,]
+++