+++
author = "Burn Gorman"
title = "Burn Gorman Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Burn Gorman Quotes"
keywords = "burn gorman,burn gorman quotes,burn gorman quote,burn gorman sayings,burn gorman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love going on BBC6 and BBC7 and listening to documentaries.''' ,'''I know in Britain with 'Doctor Who' all the classic actors, and the people who you'd really want to, work on the show. I like that the fact that 'Torchwood' has actors that want to be involved from the stage. It has raised our game, and I'm just happy for good actors who want to be in sci-fi shows who love the genre.''' ,'''I think of myself as a character actor, compared to a straight actor. I know a character actor in England is pretty much the same as in the States; you're actually hired to put on terrible teeth and stuff like that.''' ,'''The cliches are all true! My son Max has just turned two, and he's literally turned into this driven young man overnight! The terrible twos are not a myth, but he's such a laugh to be around.''' ,'''I'm a film buff and I was keen to find out about the response to Daniel Craig's 007. 'Empire' and 'Hot Dog' had great reviews, and finally he's been accepted as the new Bond. So many millions go into that franchise that if you make a mistake, it's awful.''' ,'''I was brought up on Dickens. I remember reading 'Bleak House' but, coming back to it, I didn't remember much about it apart from a few characters.''' ,'''I had a great time doing 'Torchwood,' I really did.''' ,'''I'm afraid the 'Doctor Who' door is probably closed because of me being in 'Torchwood.'''' ,'''I think it makes a difference when the actors are enjoying it more than anything because we have a real blast on 'Torchwood.'''' ,'''I think there comes a time in every persons life where they just need to go to the darkest, most dismal place.''' ,'''I always look up to people like Michael Gambon and Tommy Lee Jones, and I hope that as I mature I will become as craggy as them.''' ,]
+++