+++
author = "Ricki Lake"
title = "Ricki Lake Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Ricki Lake Quotes"
keywords = "ricki lake,ricki lake quotes,ricki lake quote,ricki lake sayings,ricki lake saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was this role model for heavy people. But the thing is, I never set out to be a role model at all, and I don't set out to be one now. I won't preach to anyone and tell them how to lose weight. I don't know any better than the next person.''' ,'''I can't even plan tomorrow.''' ,'''I had a really kind of yucky divorce and it was really challenging to get over that.''' ,'''Motherhood is the greatest thing and the hardest thing.''' ,'''I want to spark ideas and conversations and inspire people to take active roles in their communities, relationships and their well-being.''' ,'''Being fat worked, and I think that was what was confusing for me for a long time in my career.''' ,'''I am not a natural dancer.''' ,'''I do not want to die being known for doing baby mama DNA tests on my show.''' ,'''For somebody famous, it's weird anyway to meet someone, because they have a preconceived notion of who you are.''' ,'''What's the difference between tough love and acting like a jerk?''' ,'''It's inspiring, I think, for women out there to see I'm a regular person. I am the every woman who's struggled with my weight.''' ,'''For me, being memorable is more important than winning.''' ,'''I've lost 12 inches in three weeks. Every time I go for the costume fitting each week, it's smaller and smaller. I'm feeling great. I'm putting in the work. I'm getting a lot of sleep. Everything is on the backburner right now. 'Dancing' is my priority.''' ,'''Normal birth to me should not be numb from the waist down and waiting for the doctor to tell you to push. There's a reason we feel it. There's a reason we need to feel it.''' ,'''It was a long time in the making, my divorce. One day became less special than the next, and pretty soon, we ceased all conversation. It is a sad day when you have nothing left to say.''' ,'''If I had been on 'Bowling for Dollars', I'd wind up owing them money.''' ,'''I hate the feeling of falling - I'll never jump from a plane - but I love a good roller coaster. Go figure!''' ,'''My body holds on to every part of every, you know, calorie that there is out there.''' ,'''I am wearing a size 28 Paige Jeans. Jeans don't lie, and I am just happy!''' ,'''I was a girl and became a woman. Something about having the freedom at home to be in the position I wanted, to have the people I wanted, was empowering.''' ,'''I never set out to be a role model for large women, I just do what I feel is right.''' ,]
+++