+++
author = "Hyun Bin"
title = "Hyun Bin Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Hyun Bin Quotes"
keywords = "hyun bin,hyun bin quotes,hyun bin quote,hyun bin sayings,hyun bin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can never focus on a film because I'm conscious of my performance.''' ,'''It feels like I can wrap up the day with a glass of beer.''' ,'''In retrospect, I've become wise in playing my roles in terms of acting techniques. But looking at my old performances when I was young like what I did in 'My Lovely Sam Soon' or 'Secret Garden,' there is something fresh and daring that I want to emulate now.''' ,'''In my daily activities, I tend to go for light and simple clothes that are easy to work with.''' ,'''It is my hope that I will grow as an actor through the first sageuk of my career.''' ,'''During the past few years, I played men who led a gritty life. I wanted to do a lighter and less serious role.''' ,'''The life of King Jeongjo has previously inspired many films and TV dramas. 'The King's Wrath' will show the tough and charismatic sides of the king that have been undermined in past works.''' ,'''I like playing the villain role.''' ,'''More than Korean films and series, technology helped us share our culture.''' ,'''I want to do just minor, trivial stuff, things that I can do without worrying about the eyes of others.''' ,'''I've played so many different roles over more than 15 years, but I still hope to play more various characters.''' ,'''I decided to take part in the Smart campaign because the fans in the Philippines are the warmest in the world.''' ,'''In my 20s and early 30s, I was drawn to scripts that had memorable dialogues and some kind of lingering message.''' ,'''Yoon Se-ri is a charming and outspoken woman.''' ,'''But if I get some time off, I want to travel. It's always about travel, about getting away from everything.''' ,'''I said yes to Smart because I know that connectivity plays a big role in linking K-Drama to Filipinos. I would not have felt this kind of reception from our friends in the Philippines if the fans did not have access to the content we offer.''' ,'''Many people worked hard in order to create 'Crash Landing on You.' I am grateful to the writer, the directors, and all the production staff.''' ,'''I enjoy the feeling of standing in front of the camera.''' ,'''Omega's pioneering spirit and quest for innovation has endured throughout the times, and has created many 'first steps' in history. Hopefully, as an ambassador, I can deliver Omega's philosophy and message, and we can create some special new footprints together.''' ,'''When I go to the Philippines, I would like to take the time to express my gratitude by meeting with my Filipino fans first.''' ,'''All the roles that I have acted in were all special in a different way. But the role of Ri Jeong-hyeok had more warmth and innocence compared to the other roles that I have acted. I think it was more special in terms of expressing the role.''' ,'''I believe showing various characters is my job and I try to take as many challenges as possible in my dramas and films.''' ,'''When I receive offers from overseas, I respond with handwritten letters since I'm unable to visit them myself.''' ,'''Although shooting action-packed movies is a physically hard job and I repeat movements over and over, those action scenes alone, regardless of rest of the story, gives visual pleasure to viewers. They also give some satisfaction to me as an actor.''' ,'''I feel like these days, people want to escape and let go when they're watching movies. They want to empty their minds when resting.''' ,'''With my films released side by side, I'm a bit worried audiences might be tired of seeing me.''' ,'''I'm glad to be part of an era when we are blessed with the opportunity to inspire and entertain through connectivity.''' ,'''An actor isn't someone who is voted in by the people, but just someone who is famous. I don't think we need to be perfect and take responsibility for our actions, but since there are young people who look at us and follow us, I don't think we can just say that we have no responsibilities, either.''' ,'''The biggest effect of travel on me is that it acts as a source of motivation. At times it makes me feel small, too. I want to visit more places.''' ,'''I like playing characters that fit my age and represent that time and the situations we face.''' ,'''I will spend my two years in the army well and repay my fans.''' ,'''I prefer comfort rather than trendiness when it comes to clothes.''' ,'''Although the language of North Korea and South Korea is similar, there are big differences in the vocabulary.''' ,'''I've found stability. I think I've become stronger and more relaxed. I'm more curious and interested in work, and there are more things I want to express.''' ,]
+++