+++
author = "Jock Zonfrillo"
title = "Jock Zonfrillo Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Jock Zonfrillo Quotes"
keywords = "jock zonfrillo,jock zonfrillo quotes,jock zonfrillo quote,jock zonfrillo sayings,jock zonfrillo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not really known for my health approach.''' ,'''Ethiopia was one place that just blew me away. How many spices they used in their cuisine. Incredible. Theres a spice mix called berbere that Id never tasted before.''' ,'''I suppose that Ive got to point out that 'Nomad Chef' is not about survival in the wild. It is about celebrating remote communities and their food with them.''' ,'''In a modern world where so much globally is homogenised it was exciting to discover the individuality of the different remote communities.''' ,'''Its easy to research on the Internet, but its also easy to get the wrong answers. Not all that you read on Google is correct.''' ,'''Ive got lots of different types of worry beads and when Im feeling anxious or a little bit stressed, basically I worry. So I flick through them and the more anxious... I get, the faster I do it.''' ,'''We were in Ethiopia for Christmas and they all chip in to buy a cow and stand around eating it raw. The whole thing. The stomach, the gullet, the hump off its back - the lot.''' ,'''While growing up in Scotland, which has a large Indian population, I would end up eating a lot of Indian dishes. So, it is familiar to me.''' ,'''Dieting isn't my thing, I love food too much and also have such a fast metabolism I always seem hungry.''' ,'''There is no question that food is a conversation starter.''' ,'''I am grateful to have found food. It has helped me understand and find a path out of those troubled times and move forward in life. It has given me a diverse group of experiences and friends. It has allowed me to travel the world, understand culture.''' ,'''I'm a pro at eating. I'll eat four to five times more than a normal person.''' ,'''But anything I am given I will eat.''' ,'''At the restaurant we cook with a respect to the native culture of Australia whilst still respecting and embracing settlement.''' ,'''The Peruvian Amazon was amazing. We cooked alligator and I got stung by an electric eel.''' ,'''As a chef, I love to travel and taste different cuisine styles and different flavours.''' ,'''One of the main lessons I've learnt is to give back more than you take, and that has become a core part of my life.''' ,'''For any country that has multiple cultures, food is an awesome way for people to acknowledge and respect each other and have an open conversation.''' ,'''The First Australians are the true cooks and 'food inventors' of these lands and their exclusion from our history, and specifically our food culture, is unacceptable.''' ,'''When we blanch some ingredients in ash water it removes all their bitterness and astringency, which has opened up a new list of ingredients that we had never considered as edible.''' ,'''I loved the Faroe Islands, that was incredible. It was like Scotland and they made me feel at home.''' ,'''Im a chef. Ive been cooking for 26 years, and, you know, theres probably not a lot of things that I havent tried in my life.''' ,'''Places like the Peruvian Amazon, they are really cut off by no road access.''' ,]
+++