+++
author = "Manolo Blahnik"
title = "Manolo Blahnik Quotes"
quotes_len = "54"
description = "the best 54 Manolo Blahnik Quotes"
keywords = "manolo blahnik,manolo blahnik quotes,manolo blahnik quote,manolo blahnik sayings,manolo blahnik saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I eat a lot of chocolate.''' ,'''What is fashion? It's discipline. Discipline and a credo to do only the best, down to the smallest detail.''' ,'''I'm like an old vampire, so it's important to talk to young people.''' ,'''Most of the people nowadays send their things by internet. But I cannot work that way. I like to do it myself.''' ,'''I think I am one of the smallest surviving brands.''' ,'''I'm very painful to deal with when I create a shoe.''' ,'''I've never been tempted to do these hideous furniture shoes.''' ,'''I think of each new season as an evolution, not a change in style.''' ,'''I'm OK: I don't need money.''' ,'''Everything is global now. It's not London, it's not Spain, it's not Italy - everything is everywhere. So you have to be everywhere, I guess.''' ,'''I just don't get death at all. Yes, it's there. But I don't get it.''' ,'''I never wanted to be the most famous, the most beautiful, the most extravagant.''' ,'''I hate celebrities.''' ,'''Some people just use beautiful things to just shop or to have a tribal feeling - 'Oh, blah, blah, blah, I'm wearing Hermes; blah, blah, blah, I'm wearing Saint Laurent; blah-blah blah' - because it's like a need, a tribe, recognition: 'Ahh, my Rolex.' But I run away from anything which is too recognizable - it's my nature.''' ,'''I get more tired by travelling than anything.''' ,'''My mother is incredible. I mean, still is today.''' ,'''I am insecure. Everyone's insecure.''' ,'''I'm mad for satin.''' ,'''I am not a movie star or a football player, I just do my thing.''' ,'''My mother has an incredible rigidity, which is very Catholic.''' ,'''I don't belong to anyone.''' ,'''My whole life has been a huge mistake, but what a divine mistake - doing something that I adore.''' ,'''You put high heels on and you change.''' ,'''I'm very self-critical.''' ,'''People walk differently in high heels. Your body sways to a different kind of tempo.''' ,'''There is nothing charming about a woman who cannot walk in her shoes.''' ,'''I hate to travel with stuff.''' ,'''About half my designs are controlled fantasy, 15 percent are total madness and the rest are bread-and-butter designs.''' ,'''I always love China, especially the old China.''' ,'''I do think one should have clean feet.''' ,'''Men tell me that I've saved their marriages. It costs them a fortune in shoes, but it's cheaper than a divorce. So I'm still useful, you see.''' ,'''I couldn't care less about business.''' ,'''Papa died when he was 77.''' ,'''If I was a woman, I would be dressed in the same thing for a month and just change my hat and gloves. Maybe my shoes too; yes, I see what you mean but, really, it's jewels that change an outfit.''' ,'''I don't consider myself a fashion designer.''' ,'''If I look back I feel frightened, not happy, because my life is a bit of a mystery to me.''' ,'''Paris is paramount for fashion, always was - always will be.''' ,'''I never thought that I would sell to young people, but now girls who are 14 and 15 buy my shoes.''' ,'''My shoes are special shoes for discerning feet.''' ,'''In London I feel free; nobody bothers anyone and everyone is free to express themselves.''' ,'''The greatest shoemaker in England for many, many decades; he used to be the royal shoe-maker for the Queen Mother. This is where I learnt my trade.''' ,'''I do and re-do things that I used to do in a flash, because I want to be more perfectionist about these things. Maybe it sounds pompous and pretentious, but that's the way I feel.''' ,'''I don't know why my shoes are so popular - I am always surprised and mystified by it.''' ,'''The gimmicky thing I'm not very keen on.''' ,'''Trends don't interest me.''' ,'''The greatest luxury is being free.''' ,'''I like women with style to wear my shoes.''' ,'''I put everything I think is sexy into my shoes.''' ,'''Maintenance is terribly important.''' ,'''I hate these platforms that are all over the place today; they are all about grabbing attention. They are suburban! I never do a platform. Well, I did, in the 1970s, but that was a bad experience.''' ,'''Really, the '70s and '80s were a blur.''' ,'''Sometimes I hate a shoe in seconds.''' ,'''A lot of things trigger my inspiration. It can be the most banal things.''' ,'''I was possessed by London.''' ,]
+++