+++
author = "Rohini Hattangadi"
title = "Rohini Hattangadi Quotes"
quotes_len = "69"
description = "the best 69 Rohini Hattangadi Quotes"
keywords = "rohini hattangadi,rohini hattangadi quotes,rohini hattangadi quote,rohini hattangadi sayings,rohini hattangadi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''So, theatre will always be my first love. It's not that I am trained in it, but I also feel that theatre gives an altogether different experience every time it is played. But a movie and a TV show is always a one time experience for me.''' ,'''When I was applying for a central government scholarship to study an art form, I saw that there was space to write the names of the institution and the guru we wanted to study with. For singing, dancing and folk songs, you could name a guru.''' ,'''We have a group also on WhatsApp with our 'Char Divas Sasuche' team. I never realized that it ran for 13 years but the credit goes to the production house, the crew, and cast. People get bored easily with normal saas-bahu serials but it didn't happen to us.''' ,'''Gandhiji knew the mind of the British well and that's why he was able to manipulate them.''' ,'''Before entering into small screen or even films, every actor should do theatre first, as it is the best teacher of acting in its true sense.''' ,'''I knew Gandhi only as a freedom fighter. It is only after reading his autobiography that I realized what a man he was.''' ,'''After 'Gandhi', Bollywood offered me mothers' roles. I played mother to heroes older to me like Amitabh Bachchan and Mithun Chakrbaborty.''' ,'''There are many situations in life where we don't think while behaving in a certain way. Then there are instances which leads to the realization that maybe this is happening because you had behaved in a certain way. This thought at times is self liberating, according to me.''' ,'''I give away myself in my work so that I can never feel the tiredness. If you ask about my energy, you see I am doing my favorite thing and I forget the rest. That is the only truth.''' ,'''Be it television or film, or theatre, I can modify myself, develop any character and slip into any role.''' ,'''Theatre is my first love, simply because I started out with theatre.''' ,''''Once More' is a comedy for sure, but it also makes us introspect.''' ,'''I did 'Gandhi' but post that how many roles could be generated in a Hollywood film for an Indian face? Similarly how many roles can be generated to accommodate Hollywood actors in Indian films?''' ,'''Some things can be hidden on TV with the help of cameras but in theatre, you are seen live by the audience, so you can't get out of your character.''' ,'''The director could start shooting the fifth scene first. So while giving take for the scene I need to know what I am expected to do in the first four scenes. Sometimes it gets quite confusing and on television you never know when the channel will change the story or dump the character!''' ,'''In Hindi films, it's easy to get typecast.''' ,'''I never had to carry a wig from one set to another.''' ,'''As an artiste, I made sure that the character sketch and look of each mother I played was different.''' ,'''Once, while shooting in Pune, I decided to experiment and ordered an item named Shepherd's Pie. I thoroughly relished it, only to be later informed that what I had was beef. I couldn't sleep that night! My only consolation was that the cow was English, not Indian!''' ,''''Sukhi Mansacha Sadara' is a very simple, clean series and we all will experience the positive energy created by this simple subject.''' ,'''A television serial should end when the story stops entertaining the audience.''' ,'''Shooting for 'Gandhi' was a revelation for me. We were all given scripts and then we were asked to do our homework. I searched for books on Kasturba, but I found only two books, that's all. So I had to rely on my own skills.''' ,'''We were shooting a scene of the Phoenix Ashram in South Africa, but the set was in India. All the donkeys in the vicinity were painted black and white to look like zebras in case one of them strayed into the scene so that it would look like South Africa.''' ,'''I still remember very clearly how the director was not convinced with the makeup shot in 'Chaalbaaz.' Eventually when Sridevi saw me struggling, she decided to do the make up herself. What you all saw on screen was actually done by her.''' ,'''Nobody remembers young Kasturba... Once I called Basu Bhattacharya and told him 'I am only getting roles of a mother.' He told me, 'There are only two people who can play young and old with equal ease, you and Sanjeev Kumar. So, don't feel bad about it.'''' ,'''Films I did initially, like 'Arth' and 'Saransh' are really close to my heart.''' ,'''After I played the mother in a few films, I was only offered mother roles. I just wanted to act; so I don't regret doing any film.''' ,'''The minute the director said action, you could see a different version of Sridevi altogether.''' ,'''A.K. Hangal's work is a big contribution to serious theatre. To stick to it despite the attractions of commercial cinema is proof of his dedication.''' ,'''I was trained in theatre so the seriousness was there. I never went in for the glamour.''' ,'''I guess I do what I like and enjoy my job thoroughly, that reflects on my face.''' ,'''I started my acting career in 1974 through theatre and I was also a student of the National School of Drama.''' ,'''We will not get tired if we follow our passion.''' ,'''The way the Indian cinema is going, I think more and more films on new topics will be encouraged by the audience.''' ,'''Actually, 'Char Divas Sasuche' was my first ever Marathi serial. I have done many other serials but as a daily soap, this was the first.''' ,'''I reached Delhi a few days early for the shooting of Gandhi, to prepare myself for the role by learning to spin the charkha, speak English correctly and take elocution lessons.''' ,'''The script was focused on how Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi turned into the Mahatma. There was no room for many others who mattered in the making of India. There was no space for Subhas Chandra Bose or Rajaji that an Indian director might have been pressured to include. This process of elimination was necessary.''' ,'''I love to be at home when there is no shooting.''' ,'''I have a sense of humor and enjoyed playing the role of Daku-amma in the serial 'Gunwale Dulhaniya le Jayenge.'''' ,'''I guess my training at NSD helped for I had developed a habit of building up my character and getting intense.''' ,'''I take things as they come.''' ,'''Gandhiji was educated in an English atmosphere, and if you understand the British, you can truly understand his principle of offering the other cheek when you are slapped on one.''' ,'''Earlier we would do theatre and cinema both at a time and would consider TV only if we were offered.''' ,''''Karmyudh' is the story of a young, dynamic politician named Yashwant Chauhan and his police officer wife Shivangi. They love each other but have different ideologies. I play the role of Yashwant's mother who supports her children in times of need and stands by truth.''' ,'''Our filmmakers need to be true to their culture to gain appreciation at international level. Though I don't wish to generalize but do I feel that Indianness is lacking in most Indian films these days.''' ,'''I remember I would work in the South industry and Hindi TV industry too along with doing 'Char Divas Sasuche' and that was the reason I never got bored.''' ,'''I don't look at the length of the role, but yes I'm looking for substance.''' ,'''Since I had gone to a Marathi-language school, I had to take elocution classes as preparation for my part as Kasturba.''' ,'''Having trained in theatre, that is what I enjoy most as it gives the scope to grow as an artist with every individual performance.''' ,'''Asim has done English theatre with Naseeruddin Shah and his group, Hindi theatre with Makarand Deshpande, and Marathi theatre with me. He is a hardworking actor - I am not saying this just because he is my son but as an actor and spectator.''' ,'''I was playing Sultan Razia and had a habit of twitching my wrist when I took a movement.''' ,'''I knew that I wanted to be in parallel cinema and do meaningful films.''' ,'''Every citizen is responsible for the society in which we are living.''' ,'''India came to be known in the West because of 'Gandhi.' Otherwise, they still thought that tigers roam around on the streets in India.''' ,'''I have played queens on screen in the past.''' ,'''The magnitude of the film and the life of Gandhi had not yet sunk in then as it is now when I look back.''' ,'''The first time I saw Dr. Shriram Lagoo was way back in school. I did not interact with him. It was only after I completed my training at the National School of Drama in Delhi and came back to Pune that we had our first exchange. I participated in a play, and he sent me a message to call him.''' ,'''I used to donate only 10 days of a month even being a lead actor to 'Char Divas Sasuche' so we had time to do other projects also.''' ,'''The detailing on the sets of 'Gandhi' was very minute. There was immense discipline and nothing was taken for granted.''' ,'''I don't know what forces Hindi satellite channels to indulge in so much negativity.''' ,'''I am playing the character of a grandmother in 'Doctor Don' which is completely different from my previous roles. My character is dashing, carefree and has a bindaas mindset. She loves to live her life happily.''' ,'''When I came into the movies, I was 27 years. I had the choice of playing the mother or sister. I chose mother.''' ,'''If you are really passionate about something you can even wait for 10 years. Look at Nawazuddin Siddiqui for instance. He waited for 20 years!''' ,'''As actors we keep on hoping to get that one good role, but at times we have to go through a lot of trash to get there.''' ,'''NSD gave me the vision to see further and they exposed me to integrated works, right from working on the backstage to even doing the costumes.''' ,'''Sometimes overwork and travel take a toll on my health but I am alert and take precautions; I have learnt to deal with it. I take rest whenever I have time.''' ,'''I have got the opportunity to work with my favorite actors and enjoyed every bit of working with them.''' ,'''Indian filmmakers sometimes twist the details and the mood of the film to give it the Indian masala flavor. This tod-marod in films is a rather big impediment.''' ,'''Once the shooting for a film starts, you have to go abroad for it but your family is here. The constant shuttling takes a toll on you, and so I won't pursue roles in English films but yes, if I am offered a good role I may consider it.''' ,]
+++