+++
author = "Mike Hughes"
title = "Mike Hughes Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Mike Hughes Quotes"
keywords = "mike hughes,mike hughes quotes,mike hughes quote,mike hughes sayings,mike hughes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Be responsible for what you do. Don't throw trash on the highway, take care of animals, if you see someone in need you help them. That's what I want people to concentrate on instead of just grabbing everything you possibly can for yourself, which is how we're taught in this country.''' ,'''To do anything extraordinary in your life takes an extraordinary effort.''' ,'''Everything in life is overcoming objectives. I don't care if you're picking up a woman in a bar or trying to jump a rocket over a river.''' ,'''My story really is incredible. It's got a bunch of story lines - the garage-built thing. I'm an older guy. It's out in the middle of nowhere, plus the flat Earth. The problem is it brings out all the nuts also, people questioning everything. It's the downside of all this.''' ,'''I woke up in my apartment one day, about seven years ago and I thought, I'll do the Knievel rocket jump.'''' ,'''I'm tired of people saying I chickened out and didn't build a rocket. I'm tired of that stuff. I manned up and did it.''' ,'''Very few people will roll the dice with their lives. I play Russian roulette.''' ,'''Most people just settle - for a job or relationship, or where we live. Here's the strange thing though: when you start going outside the box and questioning things, then people - because we're taught this - start ridiculing you.''' ,'''I want to inspire others - and you have to do something incredible to get anybody's attention.''' ,'''We are supposed to come to the end of our lives not with anything left, but everything exhausted. The tires are blown down, your out of gasoline, you are coming to a screeching halt - you know you have done everything you can possible do.''' ,'''I think jumping from one country to another would put me in a place in daredevil history that no one can match.''' ,'''I believe the Earth is flat.''' ,'''I believe the earth is stationary, but you have to realize I was an atheist for seven years. I just believed everything was a lie - all the wars, that there was no government, that corporations ran the world, that everything was a fraud - that everyone lied about everything.''' ,'''I am the best hope to prove the Flat Earth.''' ,'''I've had people say so much, that I'm a fraud. I've had people email me and say, 'You're going to die.'''' ,'''I want to inspire the next man or woman or boy or girl who changes the world, because it needs it.''' ,'''Most people are afraid to follow their dreams.''' ,'''It is not a computer generated image, like you see on TV or some movie in Hollywood - this is the real thing a guy built, a rocket he's sitting in it and he can be dead in 10 seconds.''' ,'''I'm an old-time cowboy. I'm an outlaw.''' ,'''A guy who builds his own rocket in his garage, about to jump a mile, is pretty cool. It's the most interesting human-interest story in the world.''' ,'''Basically I have claimed legal entities for very famous people - they can't even exist - which are Barack Obama, Mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, Warren Edward Buffett. I own the legal entities they're operating under. They know this.''' ,'''I don't believe in science.''' ,'''I'm not going to take anyone else's word for it, or NASA, or especially Elon Musk with SpaceX. I'm going to build my own rocket right here and I'm going to see it with my own eyes what shape this world we live on.''' ,'''The thing is, most of these courts in San Bernardino know who I am and they've researched me. In fact, a couple of judges have asked me how my back's doing, when my next launch is, so they know who I am. Some of the bailiffs wave hi to me because they follow me on Facebook and see my launch. People know who I am.''' ,'''I don't know how much more I can man up, okay?''' ,'''I'm a daredevil. I'm not much for authority or rules.''' ,'''I just want people to question everything. Question what your congressman is doing, your city council. Question what really happened during the Civil War. What happened during 9/11.''' ,'''I want you to understand, when I do these interviews, I say a lot of goofy things because that's what people expect me to say. But I never said ever that I was trying to prove the flat Earth with this rocket. It's to raise awareness, to inspire people, to dream - which is what we used to do in this country.''' ,'''This magical little thing called gravity does not exist - it's all electromagnetism, OK. No one knows what is in the center of this earth, no one!''' ,'''I know about aerodynamics and fluid dynamics and how things move through the air, about the certain size of rocket nozzles, and thrust. But that's not science, that's just a formula.''' ,'''In fact, when he interviewed me, I didn't know who the guy was. I didn't find out until later it was Logan Paul, some YouTube guy, which still didn't mean nothing to me.''' ,'''I think the world needs this - somebody out there to question everything, and put their money where their mouth is.''' ,'''I expect to see a flat disk up there. I don't have an agenda. If it's a round Earth or a ball, I'm going to come down and say, 'Hey guys, I'm bad. It's a ball, OK?'''' ,'''I'm a walking reality show.''' ,'''This flat Earth has nothing to do with the steam rocket launches, it never did, it never will. I'm a daredevil!''' ,'''People want the security, the insurance, the 401K, and all that stuff and it's all crap, OK. There is no such thing as security. What you've got is right now - you don't have tomorrow; you don't have next week. You have right now.''' ,'''People think I'm rich and I'm making all this money off these rocket launches. Hell I'm on Medicaid!''' ,'''I like to do extraordinary things that no one else can do, and no one in the history of mankind has designed, built and launched himself in his own rocket.''' ,'''Do I believe the Earth is shaped like a Frisbee? I believe it is. Do I know for sure? No. That's why I want to go up in space.''' ,'''There's no difference between science and science fiction.''' ,'''I want to validate that I'm the greatest daredevil in daredevil history.''' ,'''There are 20 different space agencies here in America, and I'm the last person that's put a man in a rocket and launched it.''' ,]
+++