+++
author = "Raphael Bob-Waksberg"
title = "Raphael Bob-Waksberg Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Raphael Bob-Waksberg Quotes"
keywords = "raphael bob-waksberg,raphael bob-waksberg quotes,raphael bob-waksberg quote,raphael bob-waksberg sayings,raphael bob-waksberg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What It Means When a Man Falls from the Sky' by Lesley Nneka Arimah blew my mind.''' ,'''I think some actors are very smart and have the tools. They know how to disconnect themselves from the characters, but I think for a lot of them, it's very difficult.''' ,'''I think that, as a show creator, you have to be very careful about what messages you're putting out into the world. That is a not always popular thing to suggest, because it feels very Tipper Gore-y, perhaps.''' ,'''I have a short attention span.''' ,'''It is so easy now to never get bored because we have our phones with us all the time and we are always looking at stuff. I think when we get bored we are the most creative.''' ,'''I think Netflix have a bit of a reputation for being totally hands-off, which is not quite fair. They are very active and vested, but in a really good way.''' ,'''Art is a dialogue. I'm throwing rocks across a chasm and hoping people catch them on the other side.''' ,'''Saying someone's a fan of animation is as silly as saying someone's a fan of live action. That can mean anything.''' ,'''I'd like to think that 'Bojack,' in some ways, pushes the edges of what some people think an adult animated show can be. That was an intention of mine while making the show.''' ,'''I think I am someone who is very interested in structure and different ways of delivering jokes.''' ,'''I moved out to L.A. from New York... and I remember feeling, kind of like anyone does when they first move, so very lonely and isolated.''' ,'''I don't know, I don't know how to do anything. I'm just like, doing impressions of what I've seen other people do, and hoping no one knows that I'm actually just a little monster in a human suit making my arms go up and down.''' ,'''I thought it would be a fun change of pace to do a show about a really sad, depressed character.''' ,'''That's all life is, I guess. Just a bunch of riffs. Look at me: I'm wearing a tie. Why am I wearing a tie? It's because I saw an adult wear a tie and I thought, Oh, that's what people do. We're all just trying to be what an adult is.''' ,'''It's much easier for me to think in terms of character movement and emotion and story rather than, 'What are some wacky hijinks we can throw together?'''' ,'''Any show that kind of relish the damage of its main character without really investigating what that damage does, where it's from or what it means, is a show I think needs to be taken down a peg.''' ,'''If you are stuck on a problem, go for a walk and think about something else for a little bit. Going for a walk is very helpful for a writer because if you are staring at a blank page of a computer screen there is all this pressure.''' ,'''I do not want to have feelings that are just for me that I cannot express to other people. That frustrates me.''' ,'''You're going to get different kinds of animation for different kinds of audiences. Traditionally, adult animation has been for the young male audience. There's no reason why that should be.''' ,'''Who Framed Roger Rabbit' is one of my favorite movies of all time, and in fact it is maybe the first movie that I really loved in an adult way.''' ,'''Our better angels get clouded and we're more selfish than we should be, more anxious or neurotic or desperate or self-sabotaging. Crueler, even. But I do think there's hope for everyone... I think redemption is possible for anybody.''' ,'''It takes great strength and courage to ask for help.''' ,'''I don't believe in good people and bad people.''' ,'''I always loved 'The Critic' and how specifically 'New York' it was.''' ,'''I think as soon as we start thinking of ourselves as good people, that's when we start letting ourselves off the hook which is bad. I think we should always be trying to be better but that doesn't mean we want to be good.''' ,'''Whenever I talk about how good season two of 'The Comeback' is, people ask, 'Do I have to see season one?' And I say, 'You get to see season one.'''' ,'''When you surround yourself with white people, you continue to hire white people, and when you make an effort to hire people of color, that does bring in different stories and different people.''' ,'''With Bojack we are seeing him on this journey. I think we're hoping for him to find a way to be more gracious and kind and positive and better to people in his life and better to himself, but I don't know if I necessarily frame it as he was a bad person and he will become a good person.''' ,'''I really believe that comedy is an incredible tool, and you can use it in many ways.''' ,'''Humor was a big part of my childhood. My family was full of comedians. We'd sit around the dinner table and try to one-up each other. It sometimes ended in tears, but usually in laughter.''' ,'''I'm excited when any Netflix show comes out. I'm like, 'Yeah, Netflix! Doin' great! We're all on the same side.'''' ,'''I was doing this really wacky sketch comedy but at the same time writing these dark, cerebral plays about characters coming to grips with their loneliness and heartbreak. My dream job has always been a way to combine the two. I would say 'BoJack Horseman' is the culmination of all of that.''' ,'''When I first moved to Los Angeles, I was staying with a friend of a friend of a friend up in the Hollywood Hills. I was in this tiny little closest paying $400 a month in this beautiful house.''' ,'''Netflix really trusts us. We don't get a lot of network notes. They're not coming back all the time like, 'Oh, this is too sad,' or 'This is too weird.'''' ,'''I would like to see BoJack find some sort of peace. I don't know if happiness is the right word; I don't know if he deserves that... But I would like to think even a soul as lost as BoJack can somehow crawl his way toward redemption.''' ,'''My work is my work and my life is my life.''' ,'''The nature of being an artist in any field, but specifically in comedy, is that almost as soon as you finish something you hate it, and it feels dated, and not your best work.''' ,'''I'm mostly interested in characters and how they manifest themselves in their relationships. I'm delighted that people relate to the characters in 'Bojack,' and hopefully they will too to the characters in 'Undone.' If they understand themselves or feel seen in a new way, I think that's a wonderful thing.''' ,'''When I write, I try to turn my Internet off so I can't procrastinate through the Internet, but then I just get deeply involved in whatever I have just on my computer.''' ,'''I always felt like the best comedy came out of sadness, and some of my favourite shows growing up - a lot of my influences - have these very sad characters and treat that sadness seriously while also being very funny.''' ,'''I think '300 Arguments' is a real tiny wallop of a book. It looks very slim, and at first, each little two-sentence or one-sentence thing kind of stands on its own, but again, as you read it, you get sucked into the momentum of it, and the whole of it is much larger than the sum of its parts in a really beautiful way.''' ,'''For me as an audience member, it makes the characters more relatable and interesting if they're evolving and changing - it makes them feel more real in a way. But not every cartoon is trying to be real.''' ,'''I'm very interested in telling darker stories that maybe you are not used to seeing in animation. Especially because in animation you don't see those kind of stories.''' ,'''I don't know if I have writing habits. Writing is impossible and every time I have to do it I kind of forget how.''' ,'''I have a lot of affection for those old shows. You can put on an episode of 'Full House' or 'Family Matters' or 'Growing Pains' now and I'll watch it. And I'll totally enjoy it.''' ,'''I always think that's really lazy, when I'm watching a TV show or a movie or something, and there's a flashback and the idea is, 'This one moment is the reason that everything happened. This character saw this guy, and this guy said this thing to him, and that's why he is this way.' Because I think in real life, it's not so one-to-one.''' ,'''In 'Bojack,' at least at first, we had to couch some of the sadder or weirder or introspective stuff we were doing in the costume of a typical adult animated comedy. With 'Undone,' it felt like we'd outgrown that expectation.''' ,'''My mom's last name is Bob. My dad's last name is Waksberg. Every time I try to get a ticket at will call, they say last name. And I say, Bob-Waksberg. And I see them looking under W. I go, no, Bob-Waksberg. And they go, no, last name. And I go no, my last name is Bob-Waksberg.''' ,'''I think you need to think of yourself as a flawed human being with aspirations for goodness and never start to think, 'Oh, I am a good guy. These other people are bad guys. They're dumb, I am smart.'''' ,'''I would love to just watch episodes of 'Horsin' Around' if I could.''' ,'''I've written six seasons of a TV show with great help from an incredible staff of writers and other collaborators, but I still feel like I don't know what I'm doing. I've kind of freed myself of the expectation that I ever will.''' ,'''I want to give my characters nuance.''' ,'''The best stuff is done by people who love it, whether that's high art or low art, whatever that is.''' ,'''The caustic style of 'Archer' was really on my mind when I was first doing 'BoJack' - perhaps too much!''' ,'''I kind of want to take the writer down a peg. I think there are a lot of pretentious writers in this business, which I am certainly one, in certain cases.''' ,'''I don't believe there is any line bad enough that a good actor can't save.''' ,'''Look, anything any writer writes is going to be on some level autobiographical. Part of the funny/sad thing is that you don't always know how autobiographical you're being.''' ,'''I think we're so often, as writers, afraid of writing something that is less than perfect, and that fear paralyzes us. I'm a big fan of writing less than perfect things.''' ,'''It's something I've seen a lot of: these tortured geniuses, or self-proclaimed tortured geniuses, who kind of take their damage out on others. I think being a showrunner, you have a lot of unchecked power and I think that can be a very dangerous thing.''' ,'''One of the things that set us apart early on, as opposed to other animated shows, was the fact that 'Bojack' was continuous and serialized.''' ,'''This whole idea of too much TV, I think is really gross. Because I feel like it's mostly white men who are saying it. And it's like, 'Yeah, man, there's too much TV for you, but by nature of there being so much TV, there are other voices being represented.' Isn't that a wonderful thing?''' ,'''There was a warm and encouraging environment at home. My self-loathing and neuroticism are not because of my upbringing.''' ,'''I think we're all trying our hardest, and a lot of times we do bad things and need to do more good things. We need to be more caring, more forgiving, more loving.''' ,'''I thought it would be fun to make a cartoon about this sad, misanthropic horse.''' ,'''I am really excited by the form of short fiction.''' ,'''I had ADD as a kid and often acted as the class clown. My teachers used to tell my mom, 'Raphael thinks he's a real comedian.'''' ,'''What I also love about Lorrie Moore stories is they take me a long time to read. They're not easy for me because each sentence, I feel like, is so rich and dense, it just sends me off in a thousand directions.''' ,'''A lot of the hesitancy to talk about the industry in real, concrete terms is not because of people being afraid of biting the hand that feeds them, and more about the fear that people in the middle of the country will not be interested.''' ,'''I - you know, I know almost nothing about sports. So whenever I hear anything involving sports, my go-to move is to kind of nod and agree.''' ,'''I was very moved by shows that combined things that were funny and sad. I remember liking 'Simpsons' episodes in which emotions were central.''' ,'''I don't know if animation is a style. It's a format.''' ,'''When we started on 'BoJack,' it was understood that the Netflix model was to give shows time to find an audience, and to build that audience, and I remember being told, 'We expect the biggest day 'BoJack' Season 1 is going to have is when we launch 'BoJack' Season 2.'''' ,'''BoJack Horseman' would make sense in the world of 'Rick and Morty,' but it's hard to imagine Rick and Morty in the world of BoJack.''' ,'''The Comeback' is so cringey and difficult, but watching it, what I was really struck with was the kindness and the generosity.''' ,'''A lot of Christmas episodes of comedies are comedies trying to be dramas.''' ,'''I don't know how everyone writes a novel; that sounds exhausting.''' ,'''You need to know that you cannot control your feelings, and you cannot control your feelings about your feelings, but, as best as you can, intellectually understand that your feelings are valid and they're okay and don't try to stifle them or feel shame about them.''' ,'''I think life doesn't necessarily have an endgame.''' ,'''Why do we want to win an award? Yes, my grandmother would be very proud, but I think it's also so people can hear, 'Oh, this show won an award. I guess it's good. I should watch it now.'''' ,'''I think 'BoJack' is definitely very much about kind of the burdens of being comfortable.''' ,'''A lot of Christmas episodes feel like stories in quotation marks. Uh, a homeless guy comes to live with them and they all learn a lesson. That didn't come from an organic place.''' ,'''If you try to guess what people are gonna think, you're chasing the wrong thing.''' ,'''I've been in rooms where the creator has sold a show and then felt like the network didn't buy the show they wanted. They bought a show they thought they could craft into the show they wanted.''' ,'''I don't want the government to be censoring people, I don't think there should be censoring boards, but I think that means that we the artists need to be very careful about what we're putting out and what were saying and how we're saying it. And I don't think we're being as careful as we should be.''' ,'''Netflix is looking for interesting ideas from interesting creators. They really want to help me make the show I want to make.''' ,'''There's a widening of an idea of what a TV show can be or how it can be told, and that's partially in the diversity of the creators and the stories. Because there are so many new networks and streaming services popping up every day that need more content, there are more opportunities to take risks.''' ,'''I really liked the idea of a talking horse in a human world.''' ,'''I think there's something very valid about having feelings that you can't articulate. I don't think you should shut those feelings out, but I also want to be able to communicate them.''' ,'''I had behavioral problems. I didn't always feel like I fit in. Which is somewhat universal. I don't want to imply that I was like some super out-there kid.''' ,'''I love to go on road trips. That's one thing I love about being in L.A. and having a car. In New York, you can get around on the subway but you can't really go anywhere. But there's a danger in believing that where you are defines you.''' ,'''My general feeling about award shows that I've been to in the past was always that when you win, it's a great time. What a joy. You're celebrating there. And when you lose, the whole thing feels very stupid and why does anyone care about any of this. This is boring. I want to go home.''' ,'''BoJack' is a very much a format-based show. The story should always match the format, but I don't necessarily think the story has to come first.''' ,'''One thing I think about a lot is that one of my favorite pieces of narrative art as a child was 'Calvin and Hobbes.' I really saw myself in the character of Calvin. I was rambunctious, I didn't always follow the rules, I had a wild imagination.''' ,'''I am doing what I can to expand the tent and bring up other people and make sure we are telling different kinds of stories.''' ,'''For a long time in my adolescence, comedy was the only tool I had for communication and dealing with the world and dealing with people - I didn't know any other lens in which to do it.''' ,'''So many cartoons are about real fun, happy-go-lucky simpletons.''' ,'''I wanted BoJack to be more of a cautionary figure than someone that you aspire to be.''' ,'''Part of being a writer is just getting it in your bones, getting the muscle memory down, just doing it.''' ,'''I named him Todd Chavez after a guy I went to middle school with, whose last name was Chavez and who I always liked. He had a good energy, and something about his spirit felt Todd-appropriate.''' ,'''I am a big fan of 'Rick and Morty.'''' ,]
+++