+++
author = "Rebecca Loos"
title = "Rebecca Loos Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Rebecca Loos Quotes"
keywords = "rebecca loos,rebecca loos quotes,rebecca loos quote,rebecca loos sayings,rebecca loos saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Being pregnant is a marvellous experience. Before, I was afraid about the idea of giving birth, but now, I'm really looking forward to it.''' ,'''I love caring for my home and family.''' ,'''I don't regret speaking out, but I regret the way I went about it, so put it that way, yes.''' ,'''I did not know what my future was going to hold.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong - I love London, and still have an apartment there.''' ,'''If I hadn't been famous, I would not have been invited on the TV show where I met my husband Sven and had my lovely boys. I would not have had the life I have now.''' ,'''I think I regret the impact on everybody. But I think I just maybe could have gone about it in a kinder way.''' ,'''I wanted to step forward and be on TV and for people to see who I really was.''' ,'''I like the way my life has taken me.''' ,'''I took a lot of wrong decisions, and got talked into a lot of things. Of course, if I could go back in time, I might change some things, but wouldn't everyone? I have no regrets.''' ,'''I am utterly in love with my son and my boyfriend and live in the most magical place on Earth. I've been in Norway for ten months now and I have loved every minute of it.''' ,'''I have about two manicures a year, maybe three haircuts. I used to get blowdries all the time, and I never did my own hair. Now I'm last in the queue - the focus is on my home.''' ,'''Many people are so afraid of change.''' ,'''I like to think I am the sort of person who tries to make the best of things and try to look at the positive side of things.''' ,'''I'm a mother now and married, and knowing what I know now, I would definitely have gone about things quite differently.''' ,'''I wanted control over what was said and what was not said, rather than holding my head down in shame.''' ,'''Motherhood and marriage are the best bits of my life now. Who would have thought I would be enjoying that?''' ,'''If I hadn't have fallen pregnant by my then-boyfriend, I would probably still be living in London doing the celebrity scene.''' ,'''I'm a new mum who spends her days making baby food and cooking for her man. And I couldn't be happier.''' ,'''Life takes care of people in the end.''' ,'''I was never going to be one of those women who put their career on hold, who put their hand out to their husband to ask permission. I used to think that was the worst.''' ,'''For me, it was never about the money. It was about the truth, about being honest.''' ,'''I am not trying to give an image of a fairytale, perfect, everything else, I am just being myself.''' ,'''I got a phone call saying we are from the News of the World, and we're exposing you and David Beckham. My heart did not beat for a minute.''' ,'''I was reading so much about myself in the papers that was not me.''' ,]
+++