+++
author = "Carnie Wilson"
title = "Carnie Wilson Quotes"
quotes_len = "59"
description = "the best 59 Carnie Wilson Quotes"
keywords = "carnie wilson,carnie wilson quotes,carnie wilson quote,carnie wilson sayings,carnie wilson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't know how to relax, that's my problem.''' ,'''It's normal to gain weight during pregnancy. It's something that has to happen to your body.''' ,'''When you love food as much as I do, staying healthy is not easy. I mean, moderation, not deprivation. That's my new way of living. I always want more and that's just my life.''' ,'''Medication can help us live a happier life.''' ,'''When you film a reality show, it's so jumbled. They shoot episodes in all orders!''' ,'''Food decisions - do I eat this or not? - are always going to be there.''' ,'''If someone puts too much pressure on me, I will automatically rebel.''' ,'''I can be a lady - surprise!''' ,'''The most important thing I think we need to remember is that we're a work in progress. Do not be ashamed or afraid to ask for help. That's what I did. I asked for help.''' ,'''It's more about going to a place inside of me as a woman who knows that I'm never going to have perfection. And that I deserve to be healthy and feel healthy.''' ,'''It's not just being overweight that's dangerous. Stress is dangerous.''' ,'''I did have reconstructive plastic surgery and a tummy tuck. And from hip to hip, there's a very big scar. It looks better than it did... So I say, if you don't like that skin, have it removed. This is my advice: if you're gonna do it - just go for it.''' ,'''I am stuck in the 70's. I can't seem to get away from that era.''' ,'''There's a huge emotional component to weight loss.''' ,'''I have a child to feed and a spirit that can't be crushed, so I'm able to move ahead.''' ,'''Certain foods no longer agree with me. If I eat French fries, I might feel sick to my stomach.''' ,'''I don't want to hide anything - there is nothing to hide.''' ,'''I'm definitely up in weight. I'm looking forward to getting an exercise routine again. It's like a daily decision.''' ,'''I am always cautious.''' ,'''When someone has a weight problem when they're pregnant, they will struggle before, during and after to lose weight.''' ,'''If you walk down the street, within five minutes you will see someone who is morbidly obese or obese.''' ,'''I wish I had more time to read. I do love books.''' ,'''You know, after all these years, it's just like we are who we are and it's a struggle for me and sometimes I'm heavier and sometimes I'm thinner.''' ,'''I never hide, when I walk down the street, someone's going to take my picture, that's what I look like.''' ,'''I always want more, and that's just my life.''' ,'''We need to eat and enjoy it but control it. That's what I do now.''' ,'''It's such a rush doing a concert and seeing people actually mouthing the lyrics.''' ,'''Like everyone else, I have challenges.''' ,'''When my work gets crazy, I make sure to always have vitamins, water and proper food with me. That has helped me to lose 33 pounds.''' ,'''Going from 300 pounds to 150 pounds was the biggest change of my whole life.''' ,'''Sometimes reality T.V. can be stressful.''' ,'''My fat cells have a memory like Einstein! I'm proof that surgery is not a magic potion. There are many ways to sabotage it.''' ,'''I have willpower and determination. I am very resilient, like rock.''' ,'''I used food as a coping mechanism for many, many years, and it was my best friend for a long time.''' ,'''I decided that it's either, you know, if I want to have children, have a family and - and live a long life, I've got to make some real, real serious changes.''' ,'''I understand that I'm a role model.''' ,'''I'm a working mother... You try to pay the bills, you try to keep your life going and there's pressure.''' ,'''I started doing yoga.''' ,'''I don't want to become a diabetic.''' ,'''I mean, moderation, not deprivation. That's my new way of living.''' ,'''If I'm known as the girl that lost weight and it's been six years later and I've still kept off the 110 pounds, God bless. Because I never kept off 100 pounds before in my life.''' ,'''I have a real issue with radio these days. I just am not into the current music.''' ,'''I always think I am one of the millions and millions of people that struggles with an addiction to food. I don't know how to relax, that's my problem.''' ,'''I've had so much stress in the last year so it's really a struggle. I never hide, when I walk down the street, someone's going to take my picture, that's what I look like.''' ,'''Was I a perfect gastric-bypass patient? Yes. Was I a perfect gastric-bypass pregnant woman? No. I made a decision to enjoy my pregnancy... So sue me!''' ,'''Becoming famous is a strange thing in your own right.''' ,'''All I can do is listen to what my body needs and feels.''' ,'''There are days where I've lost weight and I feel bigger or fatter or uglier and I want to just hibernate. I'll find every excuse not to exercise. I hate it.''' ,'''My husband and I are best of friends first and foremost. We fight like cats and dogs, but never stay mad for long. I was lucky to find him, he is in every way, my soulmate.''' ,'''I started to put on weight when I was about four and a half and it got really bad when I was around nine. I ballooned. I was about 110 pounds.''' ,'''I'm trying to teach my daughter about healthy eating.''' ,'''I want to get into voice-overs.''' ,'''Life presents itself in constantly changing ways, but you're able to accept the challenges, rather than recoil, throw up your hands, and go on a binge.''' ,'''Do I wish I could retire? Sure, but that's not life.''' ,'''I realized that I have to slow down. I work so hard, I'm so busy.''' ,'''I have to be a teacher to my daughters.''' ,'''The surgery will always be a huge part of my life. I'm going to need to help people with weight problems for the rest of my life so that I can maintain my weight.''' ,'''It doesn't feel good when you have to struggle to get your pants on.''' ,'''The evening is really hard for me. I have to force myself not to eat.''' ,]
+++