+++
author = "Leif Garrett"
title = "Leif Garrett Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Leif Garrett Quotes"
keywords = "leif garrett,leif garrett quotes,leif garrett quote,leif garrett sayings,leif garrett saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not a slave to anything anymore. And I never will be again.''' ,'''Each song is a lifetime, it begins and ends, and there's a journey taken within the songs.''' ,'''I have no problem with starting from scratch.''' ,'''Somehow I wasn't completely crucified by the critics. I don't know how or why, I probably should've been.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I went from ground zero to Pluto. The first place I played was the Houston Astrodome.''' ,'''The stardom thing happened and now I'm trying to make a comeback, if you want to call it that.''' ,'''Stay on top of your finances. Don't leave that up to others.''' ,'''Stop doing what the record companies are doing and do what's in your heart.''' ,'''They had me doing Beach Boys remakes and all that. I was basically a marionette.''' ,'''I've always written songs, even when I wasn't doing anything with my personal life in music.''' ,'''I've come to understand that there's always something positive, even in a negative situation.''' ,'''Having regrets and things, it just takes your time away.''' ,'''There are certain things people always bring up with me. The accident. The drugs. And how tight my pants were.''' ,'''Aerosmith went on The Simpsons and they had fun.''' ,'''I wasn't the one managing my career back then, that was the problem - I was 14 years old.''' ,'''Don't believe your own publicity. You can't; you'll start thinking that you're better than you are.''' ,'''I believe in a higher power and I believe in good and bad, right and wrong. You sleep in the bed you make.''' ,'''I have no problem paying my dues and I have no problem going out and working the club circuit.''' ,'''I have an extremely addictive personality. I'm an extremist.''' ,'''Frank Sinatra is the only one that went from teen idol to superstar.''' ,'''Just do what you like to do, and do it all the time.''' ,]
+++