+++
author = "Jimmer Fredette"
title = "Jimmer Fredette Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Jimmer Fredette Quotes"
keywords = "jimmer fredette,jimmer fredette quotes,jimmer fredette quote,jimmer fredette sayings,jimmer fredette saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Sometimes it's about finding the right situation at the right time in this league.''' ,'''Sometimes it happens, especially if you're a shooter. They say that you can't play great defense.''' ,'''People see the scoring, and oftentimes, that's all they think about with me, but I try to get better at all aspects my the game and become a better basketball player.''' ,'''To be honest with you, I always thought I was going to be in the NBA.''' ,'''If you play well, hopefully you'll continue to have opportunities and have your minutes grow.''' ,'''Eric Gordon is a great scorer.''' ,'''I've learned to go out and focus on what I can control, like how hard I work and my attitude and whether I'm happy or not. I've really tried to focus on those things.''' ,'''I'm loyal to my family, to my faith, and to basketball.''' ,'''It's exciting to be able to go out and compete every night and show what you can do.''' ,'''I've always been pretty confident in my abilities to play the game and that if I get an opportunity to play consistently and be a part of team, then I feel like I've always been able to produce.''' ,'''I never thought I'd play basketball in China.''' ,'''I know I can play in the NBA, and I can be a very good player in the NBA.''' ,'''People have heard about me, but they haven't heard about things my brother and my parents have gone through, and stories about growing up and living a dream come true.''' ,'''My senior year was crazy, and that summer was definitely life-changing and a lot different than what I was used to, and with that comes a lot of critique.''' ,'''You want to be on a team where they think you can really help them.''' ,'''Obviously, I've had some tough times in my career. I've had some ups and downs just like anybody's life, but you just keep continuing to work hard.''' ,'''I've seen guys work as hard as I have and don't have the shot I have.''' ,'''You can go out and produce and make a name for yourself.''' ,'''My favorite type of food is probably Italian. But I love steakhouses. I love Mexican Food. I mean, I really like it all.''' ,'''Everybody wants to be in the NBA. That's the whole goal. I'm no different than that.''' ,'''That's what it's all about, going out and being able to help in the community and help people around you. That's going to carry far longer than basketball ever will.''' ,'''Hopefully people see me as a great person, first of all.''' ,'''I'm just trying to focus on playing my game and playing well, and whatever happens afterwards, we'll see.''' ,'''I know what it takes to win, and I've helped lead teams to winning cultures.''' ,'''I appreciated all the support and love that I had from not only BYU fans and people from Utah, but all over the country.''' ,'''People have different opinions of your career and how you've played and all that, and they're entitled to their opinions.''' ,'''I love Justin Bieber, love Drake.''' ,'''I really enjoy movies.''' ,'''The NBA is always looking for tough kids who aren't afraid of the moment or the guy they're playing against.''' ,'''Winning was everything to me. I hated to lose.''' ,'''The Knicks' practice facility is a great place.''' ,'''I like Maroon 5 and Andy Grammer, but I also like hip-hop a lot.''' ,'''I realize I have to continue to work on defense. I think a lot of people have to work on defense.''' ,'''I don't let people affect me.''' ,'''I've proven I can play.''' ,'''Sometimes you go through some things to find the right situation.''' ,'''I had a goal in mind and a dream, and I worked as hard as I possibly could and was eventually able to make it. And I think that's because I had that focus and that drive and never thought that I was going to fail.''' ,'''It's a game that I love and I want to continue to play. I know that I'll have a job somewhere. You've just got to go out there and put your best foot forward.''' ,'''You want to play against the best - at least I do. I want to go out there and compete against the best players.''' ,'''I like to get the ball in transition and go and everything, but I'm also not as dependent on having the ball all the time as I was maybe in college and when I first got to the NBA.''' ,'''It's hard to speculate, but it was tough when coach Paul Westphal drafted me and wanted me there and then got fired two weeks into my rookie year.''' ,'''I worked at a pizza shop. My brother's best friend owned it. I did a little bit of everything there, whatever they needed.''' ,'''I've had opportunities to go out and play, but sometimes I haven't. It's been a mixture of both.''' ,'''I can play off the ball some, and that's fine with me as long as I can be out on the floor. But I am definitely more natural as a point guard than I am as a two guard.''' ,'''That's how I see myself, as a guy who can supply offense and help the team.''' ,'''Sometimes you don't have great days. You're going to have ups, and you're going to have downs. And when you have the downs, it's awesome to be able to come home to a wife that's extremely supportive and a dog that loves you no matter what.''' ,'''I think every NBA player is trying to prove himself every day.''' ,'''I am going to continue to get better and do great things.''' ,'''I'm an early riser.''' ,'''Defensively, I really feel like I've progressed and gotten better.''' ,'''Being in the D-League, I might be able to get into a rhythm and start shooting the ball well and get some confidence and get some reps.''' ,'''As a competitor, you want to be out there. It's always tough to watch others play and know you've put in the time, you've put in work. But at the same time, you have to support them. You're a teammate, and you have to be the best teammate you can be and go out and continue to better, and hopefully you get an opportunity.''' ,'''To be in the All-Star Weekend is something that's special.''' ,'''I always look at the bathroom. If you have a nice bathroom in the hotel, then it's a nice hotel. It's all about the shower and the bathroom.''' ,'''A lot of NBA guys translate well when going to China because they're expected to score the basketball, while sometimes in Europe, you've got to fit into a system and not get as many opportunities to be ball dominant.''' ,'''I keep working hard day in and day out. When I get a chance to play, I try to produce the best I can.''' ,'''The D-League has helped me to get better and develop as a basketball player.''' ,'''I try to stay grounded.''' ,'''I loved my time at BYU. It was an unbelievable experience with the fans, and the people that I have met, I have lifelong relationships still.''' ,'''There are certain times when I was younger, I was occasionally more passive.''' ,'''I never thought that I would ever go over to China for any reason - then to be able to go over there and play basketball, embracing the culture.''' ,'''My thing that I can do is score the basketball.''' ,'''I've really grown as a player, becoming versatile, able to do multiple things offensively.''' ,'''You've just got to keep playing and keep working hard to get where you're supposed to be.''' ,'''Basketball is great and so much fun, and it has taken me to so many places. I've been in the public eye a lot, and it has given me so many great experiences but hasn't changed the person I am.''' ,'''You've got to kind of speak things into existence if you really want them to happen.''' ,'''I go out there, and I know if I play my game, then I'm going to be all right.''' ,'''A lot of people say they're competitive, and they think that means they scream and yell when they lose. I'm not like that. I don't scream and yell. I just win. At anything I do, I win.''' ,'''There are so many things that you have no control over: whether you play or not, whether you get traded or not, or whether you get waived or not.''' ,'''Maybe sometimes it can take a player a bit longer to get comfortable and to get to know everyone and exactly what he needs to do.''' ,'''My best friend in the pros is Brandon Davies, who I played with at BYU.''' ,'''I can juggle.''' ,'''It's a league where guys are trying to play to the best of their ability, whether you're a superstar or trying to make the NBA.''' ,'''It's tough at times to not play.''' ,'''I've definitely gotten better, to where everyone can see that I'm not a defensive liability.''' ,'''It's always good to be back in Salt Lake City.''' ,'''It's tough, trying to get better.''' ,'''It's a conscious effort for me to be aggressive and take what the defense gives you.''' ,'''Basketball will come and go, but the person you are will always remain.''' ,'''Some people see ESPN. They see the long shots. They see me scoring the basketball, but they don't show often too many assists - and I've been doing that my whole career, being able to get the ball to the guy at the right time.''' ,'''It is tough, you don't want to lose games.''' ,'''I want to be a part of a winning culture.''' ,'''You've just got to stay grounded, keep your head down, keep pushing and, when someone does call and wants you, be ready for your opportunity.''' ,'''Once you get out there and start playing basketball, whether the NBA or college or whatever arena you are playing in or who you are playing in front of, the juices start going, and you want to just go out there and play to the best of your abilities.''' ,'''There's a lot of guys in the NBA; it's about finding the right fit, a coach that has some trust in you that will play you night in and night out, consistently. Trying to find a right fit is the tough part.''' ,'''The biggest thing for me when I travel is finding the best food in every city. I always try to find the best restaurant and take advantage of it because it's cool to go to a lot of different cities and experience a lot of different cultures. So I'm big on the food.''' ,'''It's hard to play with any kind of confidence when you feel like if you miss one shot, if you make one mistake, you're getting pulled.''' ,'''I've had some difficulties, but I've also done some good things on defense. So it's just all about effort... You've got to take it personal and work as hard as you can on that end of the floor.''' ,'''Every single night, I try to go out there and play the best that I can.''' ,'''NBA teams like to see guys who can help a team win a game in a lot of fashions.''' ,'''Even though sometimes you don't get the minutes you want to, you've just got to continue to work hard and know that if you keep playing hard and doing the right things, then eventually things will turn your way.''' ,'''Shanghai is an amazing city. The fans were so nice to my family and to myself and just treated us as their own. I'm extremely grateful to the Sharks for that opportunity.''' ,'''Passing the basketball - I feel like I've gotten better with that.''' ,'''I think it's the hardest part for about 80 percent of the guys in the NBA. That's just the way it is in the NBA, unless you're a mega superstar. You're just going to play wherever you go. You try to find the right fit and the right team with the right system and the right coach at the right time.''' ,'''I've got to continue to work on everything.''' ,'''As I've grown older, my testimony has grown a lot, and a lot of it really has to do with my dad. He's been a good example to me. That's really where my testimony started, in just seeing how spiritual and what a good guy he is.''' ,'''Pizza is definitely my favorite food. I usually go with a pepperoni and sausage mix. But I love the New York-style thin crust.''' ,'''That really helps a player, knowing when they're going to go in the game and what they need to do when they get in there, what to expect.''' ,'''I appreciate everything that happened in Sacramento. It was character building for me, continuing to go out and play hard. I feel like I progressed as a player.''' ,]
+++