+++
author = "Cameron Van Der Burgh"
title = "Cameron Van Der Burgh Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Cameron Van Der Burgh Quotes"
keywords = "cameron van der burgh,cameron van der burgh quotes,cameron van der burgh quote,cameron van der burgh sayings,cameron van der burgh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I woke up on the plane this morning and was turning on my phone and I had to put my pin number in. That's when I realized that since the age of 10 I've been using 2012 as my pin number. But now that I've won gold in the 2012 Olympics, I've achieved that goal and, for the first time in 14 years, I'll have to change my pin.''' ,'''I'm trying to focus on the 100 and 200 breaststroke now. There's no point concentrating on the 50 when it's not in the Olympics. I'm not going to quit the 50 but it's not my priority any more. I'll do it but as part of my bid for gold at the other distances.''' ,'''I cannot control what goes on in another lane and this is how I focus on the Games. There is no point in being nervous of other swimmers. It's just about focusing on yourself and what you need to do in order to perform at your best.''' ,'''Throughout my whole swimming career, I've never been disqualified once. I've never been warned once.''' ,'''It's unfortunate, I've been the victim of some Australian press.''' ,'''My dream was always to win in the Olympic Games, but I never set that next goal, and I have realised now I need to set another goal.''' ,'''I think the mental victory is worth it as much as a gold medal.''' ,]
+++