+++
author = "Fethullah Gulen"
title = "Fethullah Gulen Quotes"
quotes_len = "54"
description = "the best 54 Fethullah Gulen Quotes"
keywords = "fethullah gulen,fethullah gulen quotes,fethullah gulen quote,fethullah gulen sayings,fethullah gulen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We will never be a part of any plot against those who are governing our country.''' ,'''Turkey is a diverse country... I think that democracy is the ideal system for a country with a social foundation such as this. My view is based on my belief that everyone should be able to comfortably live what they believe, and this is only possible in a truly democratic environment. I am insistent in my views and I strongly believe in what I say.''' ,'''My core belief is to seek peace in the world, helping people eliminate certain malevolent attitudes through education as much as possible.''' ,'''I simply share ideas I believe in with people around me.''' ,'''Turkey initiated true multiparty elections in 1950 to join NATO. As a requirement of its membership, NATO can and should demand that Turkey honor its commitment to the alliance's democratic norms.''' ,'''Avoiding the physical sciences due to the fear that they will lead to heresy is childish.''' ,'''I have said time and again that the republican order, and secularism, when executed perfectly, are blessings from God.''' ,'''I have always believed in seeking happiness in the happiness of others and the virtue of seeking God's pleasure in helping His people.''' ,'''I grew up in a humble family with a shy personality.''' ,'''We invite our friends who hold high positions in the legislative branch of government and state institutions to master the skills of administration, so they could, when the time comes, reform the Turkish state and make it more fruitful at all its levels in the name of Islam.''' ,'''Telling or encouraging people to vote for a party would be an insult to peoples' intellect.''' ,'''I even reject and condemn in the strongest terms the idea, the consideration of a military coup. If I had the chance I would stand in front of the people who would attempt such a thing and open my arms and beg them to stop.''' ,'''We are mortals, we will die one day.''' ,'''Islam's basic principles of belief, worship, morality, and behavior are not affected by changing times. Islam does not propose a certain unchangeable form of government or attempt to shape it. Islam has never offered nor established a theocracy in its name.''' ,'''I don't have a need to promote myself.''' ,'''The noble position of motherhood aside, our general opinion about women is that, while taking into account their specific needs, it should be made possible for them to take on every role, including the jobs of physician, military officer, judge and president of a country.''' ,'''I would curse people who resort to coups against democracy, liberty, republic.''' ,'''I have spent over 50 years preaching and teaching the values of peace, mutual respect and altruism.''' ,'''No citizen or social group can be completely isolated from politics, because policy decisions and actions affect their lives.''' ,'''My message to the Turkish people is never to view any military intervention positively because through military intervention, democracy cannot be achieved.''' ,'''If I were to say anything to people I may say people should vote for those who are respectful to democracy, rule of law, who get on well with people.''' ,'''The greater jihad is proclaiming war on our ego's destructive and negative emotions and thoughts... which prevent us from attaining perfection.''' ,'''Savage people realize their aims through fighting, through conflict. Cultivated and intellectual souls believe that they will attain their aims through thought and discussion.''' ,'''Entrepreneurs and volunteers inspired by Hizmet's values have invested in modern education and community service in more than 150 countries.''' ,'''Throughout my life, I have publicly and privately denounced military interventions in domestic politics. In fact, I have been advocating for democracy for decades.''' ,'''The principles and form of government that form the basis of democracy are compatible with Islamic values.''' ,'''The lesser jihad is our active fulfillment of Islam's commands and duties.''' ,'''My message is, if someone beats you, act like you don't have hands. If someone slurs you, act like you don't have a tongue. Society is already polarized enough, don't make it worse.''' ,'''I consider myself an ordinary Muslim who is constantly working to put himself in the framework established by the Koran and the tradition of the Prophet Mohammed. I study the works of experts of jurisprudence, Koranic commentary, hadith commentary, and Sufism.''' ,'''In many places around the world, including Turkey until the 1950s, Muslims didn't have full freedom of religion. Even personal practice was not allowed, and they had to practice in secret.''' ,'''I probably will not live to see Turkey become an exemplary democracy, but I pray that the downward authoritarian drift can be stopped before it is too late.''' ,'''I've never sought to be known or recognized by people.''' ,'''Profiling any segment of society and viewing them as a threat is a sign of intolerance.''' ,'''I feel the pain of people who suffer in my own neurons and sometimes cannot even watch TV. It is impossible not to be worried. But I trust that however cruel treatment they receive, Hizmet sympathizers will continue to respect to the law and will remain peaceful.''' ,'''Regardless of their religious observance, citizens can and should unite around universal human rights and freedoms, and democratically oppose those who violate them.''' ,'''Even if, at the helm of the country there are people who would like to replace me and suppress me and oppress me at the level of blood-sucking vampires, then I do not want to remove them with anti-democratic means. This is my attitude toward any and even the idea of the consideration of a military coup.''' ,'''I have always been against coups, and I cursed them.''' ,'''My position on democracy is really clear. Any attempt to overthrow the country is a betrayal to our unity and is treason.''' ,'''I cannot accept concepts such as Gulenism or Gulenist. I was only a writer and an official preacher among people. I can have no direct influence on any person or activity. It is inconceivable that I can exert pressure on anybody.''' ,'''Erdogan thinks if he gets rid of me, he thinks ending me will end the movement. He couldn't be more wrong.''' ,'''I think the United States is mindful of its reputation for its democracy and rule of law, and if they are willing to risk that reputation by extraditing me based on the request and claims made by Turkey, I would never say no. I would go willingly.''' ,'''A Turkey under a dictatorial regime, providing haven to violent radicals and pushing its Kurdish citizens into desperation, would be a nightmare for Middle East security.''' ,'''If somebody who appears to be a Hizmet sympathizer has been involved in an attempted coup, he betrays my ideals.''' ,'''My philosophy - inclusive and pluralist Islam, dedicated to service to human beings from every faith - is antithetical to armed rebellion.''' ,'''I have never imagined being or wished to be chosen as something important in the world.''' ,'''I don't see a bright future for Turkey. It pains me. But I have some hope, I pray for it to be better. It is a blessed country, a NATO member, and was an E.U. candidate. These were things we wanted.''' ,'''Erdogan's persecution of his people is not simply a domestic matter. The ongoing pursuit of civil society, journalists, academics and Kurds in Turkey is threatening the long-term stability of the country.''' ,'''When the opportunities come, Cemaat participants, just like any other citizen will make their choices based on their values.''' ,'''I have always tried to be a humble servant of God and a humble member of humanity.''' ,'''Under any circumstances, if I had to return to Turkey and face the gallows, I will not blink an eye.''' ,'''Studying physics, mathematics, and chemistry is worshipping God.''' ,'''I suffered during the military intervention of May 27, 1960, and then again on March 12, 1971 and again on September 12, 1980, and I was targeted February 28, 1997. My respect for the military aside, I have always been against interventions.''' ,'''It is possible that people who share core values will make choices along the same lines.''' ,'''I am neither a sociologist nor a psychologist, but you don't have to be one to see that Turkey is in a vortex of problems, isolated from the world.''' ,]
+++