+++
author = "David Kirsch"
title = "David Kirsch Quotes"
quotes_len = "96"
description = "the best 96 David Kirsch Quotes"
keywords = "david kirsch,david kirsch quotes,david kirsch quote,david kirsch sayings,david kirsch saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One of the easiest things to incorporate into your everyday life is plank exercises: great for your core, great for your lower back.''' ,'''What applies when we're younger maybe doesn't so much when we get a little bit older.''' ,'''You need to stick to a workout that fits into your lifestyle, targets your body issues, but also correlates to your objectives, whether you're at home, on vacation, in the office, or on the road.''' ,'''Eating is not a bad thing; it's not a curse. And I think to have long, sexy, lean, tight muscles, you need to feed them with good quality proteins and make sure you stay hydrated.''' ,'''People tend to lean on cardio machine handles, and their posture begins to suffer.''' ,'''I find often people wait to order until I order. And then I love upsetting them. Sometimes I'll order a cheeseburger and macaroni and cheese.''' ,'''There are things we do out of habit that are not always good for us. Break the bad habits and develop some good ones.''' ,'''The Swiss ball is such a great tool because it forces you to recruit more muscles in order to stabilize yourself.''' ,'''Don't fool with machines you're not familiar with - stick with the treadmill and elliptical.''' ,'''Being pregnant is not license to forget all the rules that you abide by when you're not pregnant. Moving your body, getting enough sleep, staying hydrated, and eating proper foods throughout the day are even more important when you're pregnant.''' ,'''January is the best time of year for gym owners. You all come. It's great! And then, by Valentine's Day, you're not coming in anymore.''' ,'''It's interesting to work with celebrities; they are very goal-oriented. But they still have to put their shorts on one leg at a time.''' ,'''Nuts have gotten a bad rap because of their high fat content. But their protein, heart-healthy fats, high fibre, and antioxidant content earn them a place in your daily diet. I often say 'less is more,' and portion control is key to healthfully enjoying nuts.''' ,'''Movement is exercise. Seemingly simple things - taking a walk, for example - can be just the spark your body needs to get back on a healthy track.''' ,'''Walking is great because it's an amazing exercise, and it also helps to clear your head and relieve any built-up stress before the work day begins.''' ,'''All of the exercises in the world won't give you that buff bikini body if you are not eating and hydrating properly.''' ,'''Avocado is one of my favourite fruits, and my daughters and I love avocado in salads, and even in smoothies.''' ,'''A boot-camp class that combines upper- and lower-body moves - like walking lunges and push-ups - gets the heart rate up quickly, burning fat and calories and toning muscles in a time-efficient way.''' ,'''A combination of cardio exercises on the rowing machine, treadmill, elliptical, or The Gauntlet will help blast fat in the lower half of the body.''' ,'''Appreciating what you have accomplished can be empowering.''' ,'''Jumping rope is better than running because it engages the whole body.''' ,'''Training is not just about a perkier butt. It should give you a healthier outlook on life.''' ,'''Despite popular belief that watermelon is made up of only water and sugar, watermelon is actually a nutrient-dense food with a high amount of vitamins such as A and C, minerals such as iron and calcium, and is high in antioxidants.''' ,'''If you're going to have a piece of pie, have it. I love pecan pie - but it won't be with ice cream; it won't be with whipped cream.''' ,'''It's impractical to assume people aren't going to eat out or eat late or even have pizza occasionally. And all that's fine as long as you work out, even just for 10 minutes a day.''' ,'''The program for me, 'The Ultimate New York Body Plan,' is about realizing the best you and really loving the body you create.''' ,'''I have never been in a hotel - from the two-star types all the way to five-star - that does not have a gym.''' ,'''Steer clear of anything fried.''' ,'''If you go on a calorie-reduced diet without increasing your level of exercise, at a certain point, your body will lose a little weight and then plateau. You need to trick your body to burn more fuel than you're ingesting so you can continue to lose weight.''' ,'''I've had to focus on the fact that a lot more people don't want to work out in the confines of a gym anymore.''' ,'''Buffalo meat tastes just as delicious as red meat, but it comes much leaner. Because of its leanness, it also cooks more quickly.''' ,'''It's true of models in general - I don't think they eat and fuel properly throughout the day.''' ,'''With enough lunges and squats, your butt will stay firm till you're 80.''' ,'''Women often use weights that are too heavy. I like to stay in the 3- to 15-pound range. If you're more fitness-experienced, use weights in the 8- to 10-pound range. If you're a beginner, start in the 3-pound range.''' ,'''To me, loving your kids means teaching them to make smart choices from an early age - not just handing over a sweet treat.''' ,'''People often don't hydrate enough - they don't drink enough water. One will see marked improvement in their overall wellness, in their skin tone, even in their hair, if they hydrate enough.''' ,'''Move with them, be active with them - whether it's swimming or scooting or bicycling or playing soccer. Engage your child.''' ,'''Processed sugar - there's nothing good about it. It's a huge, huge industry, and it's poison.''' ,'''In addition to intense workouts, you need to be mindful of what you are feeding your body in order to keep it looking trim and tight.''' ,'''A jump rope is cheap, it's portable, and you can do it anywhere.''' ,'''I befriend most of my clients, and I like to go out with them. I like to socialize with them: They're interesting.''' ,'''An ordinary pushup is much more advanced and challenging performed on a stability ball.''' ,'''If you look at Jane Fonda's first tape, it's like, 'How to injure yourself to music.'''' ,'''Asparagus is the best at de-bloating, since it helps flush out the bad stuff.''' ,'''Your body is smarter than you are, so you always have to stay one step ahead.''' ,'''Most of the time, I am quite familiar with the airports from which and to which I am traveling, and I know what I can eat there. If there is any doubt, I make sure I have something in my bag. A must-have for me is pre-measured protein powder in small Ziploc bags along with a shaker cup.''' ,'''You want to have fun and try new things but also shock your muscles with new workouts so that you keep your body guessing and get the maximum results from your workout.''' ,'''For me, the way I go about training all of my clients is by using short bursts of interval training - it's the most effective for burning calories as well as for cardiovascular health and making you stronger.''' ,'''Instead of a woman who is starving herself to be a size 0, give me a healthy woman who is a size 8 or 10 any day.''' ,'''Dinner should be low in caloric intake. Foods like fish and broccoli are very good choices.''' ,'''I had a client who was getting ready for the Oscars, and all she ate was one meal a day - of two boiled eggs! I was able to persuade her to add some almonds and a protein shake and some vitamin supplements. It's a self-defeating strategy. You need to eat enough, particularly protein, to build lean and toned muscle in the first place.''' ,'''Ideally, we should be controlling what we eat by cooking for ourselves.''' ,'''If you're genetically predisposed to having bigger, more muscular legs, spinning is definitely going to accentuate that, for sure.''' ,'''Lunch is the meal where you put carbs in, such as lentils and beans.''' ,'''Work out to music that's fun for you. I like a good beat; something from Jay-Z or Eminem.''' ,'''Feeling your clothes fitting better is going to make you feel better.''' ,'''If someone is worried about bulking up their quads, they're not going to do a traditional squat. They're going to do a wide-stance squat or a plie squat, which is second position dance, opening up your legs and bringing the focus to the inner thighs and not to the quads.''' ,'''Combining proteins like egg whites and oatmeal with berries is the best and most important food of the day. The mix will help energize you. And you should have it in the first 30 minutes of rolling out of bed.''' ,'''When training intelligently, 'one size doesn't fit all.' There are exercises and weights appropriate for some body types, ages, and overall objectives and not for others.''' ,'''I always do some sort of plank exercise - whether it's a regular plank or a side plank, I always incorporate it into my workout.''' ,'''I have both my daughters on gluten-free diets, and you can see the difference. They are only four years old, and it definitely changes their mood. You can see that for sure.''' ,'''The Swiss Ball Pike is a total-body exercise that is especially great for your core, arms, and lower back.''' ,'''Eating foods like asparagus and celery will help keep you full and debloat you.''' ,'''Working out is for both the mind and body, and being in a beautiful setting is conducive to a more pleasant experience. The more you enjoy your surroundings, the more likely you are to work out longer and harder.''' ,'''Blueberries, strawberries, and broccoli are all high in vitamins.''' ,'''Eating processed foods will prevent you from losing weight and shedding fat.''' ,'''A few push-ups during breaks at work, walking to the grocery store, and opting to use the stairs instead of the elevator are all great ways to exercise.''' ,'''The point of workouts are no longer to do double 60-minute sessions or go to classes five times a week. You don't want to burn out and beat your body up.''' ,'''Women can overdo it in their commitment to muscle development.''' ,'''As parents, we have a responsibility to teach our family and our children everything they need to know about good health and eating and movement, and just an everyday healthy life.''' ,'''As you get older, you really need to be much more dialed in to the things you eat.''' ,'''If the mind is not healthy, you'll never get a sound body.''' ,'''On weekends, I'm chasing my six-year-old girls around the city. That's my cardio!''' ,'''I equate exercising with brushing my teeth or taking a shower: It gets my day going.''' ,'''The moment your kids start crawling, they are exercising. To them, movement is fun and organic... It is adults who have turned daily activity into a mandatory chore.''' ,'''Whole eggs are practically a perfect food.''' ,'''Jumping on something too fast can be a mistake. Tae Bo was once the latest and greatest craze, but where is it now?''' ,'''If there's one thing that we need to avoid, all of us - young, old - it's processed, refined sugar. There's nothing good about it.''' ,'''If you do the treadmill or elliptical all the time, try adding the rowing machine or stair climber, maybe get a new bicycle. You want to keep it fresh.''' ,'''Too much coffee can lead to belly bloat!''' ,'''The most common mistake when women go into the gym is to watch someone else do an exercise and start doing the same one.''' ,'''Remember that it's never too late and you're never too old to get the body you were born to have.''' ,'''Slow-twitch muscle fibers are mostly used for long endurance exercises like aerobics, swimming, and distance running. Fast-twitch muscle fibers are generally more powerful and are activated during maximum exertion exercises like heavy weightlifting and intensive, short bursts of sprints.''' ,'''I love when my hotel room has a fridge, and I simply shop at a local supermarket for things like Greek yogurt, fresh fruit, healthy cereal - like Kashi - and skim milk.''' ,'''If you take care of your body, it will take care of you.''' ,'''Here's a universal truth: If you're not working out in the morning, you probably won't do it later in the day, either.''' ,'''We live in a society where healthy choices aren't usually the most popular choices.''' ,'''I think that we all plateau, from fitness experts to regular folks at every fitness level. What that means is we need to change our exercise routine, food, and attitude.''' ,'''If motivation is an issue, I would try to get out of your house to work out, not just go into the basement.''' ,'''Clients like Kerry Washington stay energized by substituting high carb, high fat foods with a diet rich in lean protein and low-calorie, fiber-rich vegetables. These foods not only keep you trim but have an amazing impact on the shape of the body, the appearance of skin, hair, and nails.''' ,'''If you have a resolution to go to the gym, it'll be a lot easier if you get a great trainer or get your partner or your work buddy or your best friend to go with you so that you're held accountable to yourself and to that other person.''' ,'''Lie and tell the waiter that you're deathly allergic to butter. This way you can enjoy the steak without all the excess fat.''' ,'''In my experience, working with a bride-to-be, the last couple of weeks leading up to the wedding is uber-stressful.''' ,'''Avoid any exercise that is quad-centric. None of my clients come to me because she wants bulkier quads - you aren't fitting into your skinny jeans with those!''' ,'''I'm sure strength-and-power people have been using kettlebells for years, but that doesn't necessarily mean they will work in a general training program.''' ,'''I like quick and efficient circuit training.''' ,]
+++