+++
author = "Helmut Schmidt"
title = "Helmut Schmidt Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Helmut Schmidt Quotes"
keywords = "helmut schmidt,helmut schmidt quotes,helmut schmidt quote,helmut schmidt sayings,helmut schmidt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Farmers are always conservative. They stick to what they have learned from their fathers and from their grandfathers. This is the same all over the globe.''' ,'''Democracy is not the end point of mankind. There may be developments in many different directions in the coming centuries. Democracy has only existed for about 200 years. It started out with the American Declaration of Independence. The Americans got their ideas from the Europeans, in the main from the French, the Dutch and the British.''' ,'''I was in government for 13 years and in that time only once met the head of the German security services, and that was because he was an old friend. Otherwise, I carefully avoided having anything to do with these people. They are unavoidable but not really necessary.''' ,'''People with visions should go to the doctor.''' ,'''The critical thing about Western democracy is the fact that you usually have a transition of power without bloodshed. That is an enormous advantage. But still, democracy as we know it was only invented recently in the West, historical speaking. It did not really work in ancient Rome. It functioned for less than 200 years in ancient Athens.''' ,'''Germany is one of the medium powers of the world. It is a non-nuclear power. It is in a lower class than the United States, the Soviet Union, France, the United Kingdom and others.''' ,'''Since I came an adult - for more than 45 years - Marcus Aurelius has been my great idol.''' ,'''My education has been pro-England. I have been an England-minded citizen of Hamburg, and I am still in a way English-minded, but I have been disappointed by the Brits over the years.''' ,'''The biggest room in the world is the room for improvement.''' ,'''When I became a soldier, I was drafted in 1937, and instead of being released two years later, I had to stay on because the war had started in the meantime. I was a soldier for more than eight years, as long a time as I was Chancellor.''' ,'''I will not be remembered in history. I have not been shot. I have not launched any great tragedy or victory. I have not borne any great defeat. It was a very normal - it still is a very normal - human life of a political leader.''' ,'''The British claim to have a special relationship with the U.S., but if you mention this in Washington, no one knows what you are talking about.''' ,'''In a mass television democracy - which all of us nowadays have - it is impossible to take basic political decisions with long-term consequences without the public knowing it, without the public understanding at least some of it, without the public forming its judgment, heterogeneous as it may be.''' ,'''Americans tend to feel satisfied within the wide boundaries of that huge, big country.''' ,'''Britain is less European-minded than Greece.''' ,'''The British are very stubborn. The Queen, the Commonwealth, and the special relationship with the U.S. is much more important than Europe.''' ,'''Particularly since the computerization of the world, the impact of media has grown enormously. The printed books and the printed media have become less important. Why should somebody read Laozi or Confucius if he can Google?''' ,'''I had a Jewish grandfather. We managed to hide this fact from the authorities by falsifying documents, my father and I. His father was Jewish, but because my father was an illegitimate child, it was rather easy to pretend that his father was unknown.''' ,'''Whoever wants to reach a distant goal must take many small steps.''' ,'''The concept of multiculturalism is difficult to make fit with a democratic society.''' ,'''If I ever had to emigrate, I would probably go to America.''' ,'''I remember the youth movement in 1968. It started on American university campuses as a protest against the Vietnam war, then came to Paris, Frankfurt and Berlin. Within a year, you had an uprising of youth against their elders.''' ,'''The German public knows me quite well. I have been in their kitchens and living rooms for years.''' ,]
+++