+++
author = "Natalie Jeremijenko"
title = "Natalie Jeremijenko Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Natalie Jeremijenko Quotes"
keywords = "natalie jeremijenko,natalie jeremijenko quotes,natalie jeremijenko quote,natalie jeremijenko sayings,natalie jeremijenko saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The art world is a very prissy little thing over in the corner, while the major cultural forces are being determined by techno science.''' ,'''Are kids smarter than adults? All evidence points to that being true.''' ,'''Formally, I did my studies in the sciences, but I was very conscious that I was being deprived of culture. While studying neuroscience, I was running a rock-music festival and was able to use that as a platform to explore what it takes to produce art for 20,000 inebriated 20-somethings.''' ,'''I believe in a tongue-first exploration of the world. Food is our most immediate daily relationship to our ecosystem, and there is something delectable and intriguing about it.''' ,'''I am committed to the idea of information politics. That is how contemporary politics are played out.''' ,'''This whole idea that we address environmental issues by not doing stuff just doesn't work.''' ,'''A lot of my work concerns a crisis of agency - what can we do?''' ,'''Wealth and vegetation go together, and that exacerbates environmental injustice. The poor bear the burden of degraded environments.''' ,'''I created a successful outdoor youth festival - the Liverd festival - against all good advice. It was a great way to explore and investigate social sculptures. Having that as my kind of studio, outside of a museum or precious white-cube gallery, that was a kind of education.''' ,'''Experimenting with your own life is the most fundamental medium we have.''' ,'''I used to have a lovely Chelsea loft - then I got divorced.''' ,'''We ignore slow environmental changes unless they are crisis-driven, such as hurricanes in Florida.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong with being anthropomorphic. That's how we understand the world.''' ,'''I watch children a great deal; their idea is that rules are always negotiable, whereas you absolutely cannot joke at the airport about your toothpaste, and you cannot rollerblade in Grand Central Station. I keep running up against these things.''' ,'''Juggling many projects and having all these accidental collisions that you can't predict enables a kind of comparative thinking. To focus on a single project from beginning to end is extremely difficult, not just for me, but for many people.''' ,'''Eating together is the most intimate form of kinship. By scripting a work where we share the same kind of food with fish, I'm scripting our interrelationship with them.''' ,'''In Yellowstone National Park, there are more 'do not feed the animals' signs than there are animals you might wish to feed.''' ,'''The idea that there is a rational truth out there that is not embodied in a person's politics is something I can't understand or subscribe to.''' ,'''Information is not just something you download from the Web. The way trees grow and where birds choose to live are much better signs of water quality than all the data being collected by the EPA.''' ,]
+++