+++
author = "Astrid S"
title = "Astrid S Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Astrid S Quotes"
keywords = "astrid s,astrid s quotes,astrid s quote,astrid s sayings,astrid s saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love doing concerts, and I think my songs get another expression and energy when they are being played live.''' ,'''In Norway, everyone knows everyone, and everyone is very supportive of each other. If there is anyone new, or a new song is coming out, everyone will probably know about it.''' ,'''Sometimes you might feel like you're not good enough or unique enough, but everyone is! Everyone has different personalities.''' ,'''I love watching movies, and I'm very inspired by movies when it comes to songwriting!''' ,'''I've always been really proud of my time on 'Idol,' so for me, I never really had the need to break free from the associations.''' ,'''You really notice how you're growing when you go on tour. To be able to tour around the world, and do bigger venues every year, is really, really cool.''' ,'''I feel like if it's a good song on a guitar, it's a good song no matter what.''' ,'''Change is good, but in the middle of it, it can be very sad.''' ,'''I listen to lots of artists. But I remember discovering John Mayer, whose music made me want to write my own. And so I did.''' ,'''I just want to make good music, and as long as I'm happy with it, the charting isn't that important to me. Although, the best feeling is having a song you're very happy with and also having it at Number One!''' ,'''I've always wanted to live in the '60s and '70s and wear wide pants, knee high boots, and oversized denim jackets.''' ,'''I grew up in a tiny village on top of a mountain and have been skiing and singing all my life!''' ,'''The music industry has become so unpredictable. And I think people know that if someone has a Number One song, it doesn't necessarily mean that you'll have several ones after.''' ,'''I'm very visual when I write and get a lot of inspiration from scrolling through Tumblr or Pinterest. I have picture folders to most of the songs I've written. It would be cool to release it as a book one day!''' ,'''I think I just have to be myself. No one can write the songs I do, and no one can sing the way I do - I believe that's important for every artist to remember.''' ,'''I listen to everything and find parts about a song in the lyrics/melody/chords/production that I like and can be inspired by when I write my next song.''' ,'''I was really into Britney Spears when I was little.''' ,'''There's always a party ending every day but also a new one being made. They are just chapters in our lives, ending and beginning.''' ,'''I went to a soccer high school, and it was really different to being on 'Idol.' So I decided to quit school, and I put all my energy into music, and things started to happen.''' ,'''I'm very involved in the production of my songs. I know what I like and what I don't like.''' ,'''I would love to do some collaborations for my album - the more the merrier! It's fun to experiment and get to tap into different genres and sounds through collaborations.''' ,'''I never think any song really feels like a 'hit' - a song either feels good or bad, in my opinion.''' ,'''Growing up, I'd never heard of any female producers or songwriters. I didn't know you could be a girl and produce, which is terrible.''' ,'''I use my phone to record notes or hum melodies. That's how I remember them.''' ,'''It's fun to have someone to talk to and get input from when you write. I usually get stuck when I'm just in my room writing by myself.''' ,'''Anything can become a big tune in Scandinavia because people decide what they want to listen to. So I think that's very motivating because songwriters can really think outside the box. A great song - whether or not it's radio-friendly - can really blow up here.''' ,'''You never know what to expect when you're in America, especially when I've been in L.A., where you walk out the door, and suddenly there's a monkey bicycling by in front of you. There are just so many weird things going on there, but it's fun.''' ,'''I used to be so into soccer. I would wear soccer team hoodies, another soccer team's pants, and Manchester United earrings. And I had, like, five of everything, so I would just wear the same outfit all the time!''' ,]
+++