+++
author = "Boa"
title = "Boa Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Boa Quotes"
keywords = "boa,boa quotes,boa quote,boa sayings,boa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As I got older, I got comfortable with revealing myself. In the past, I've feared a lot of things. I thought people just hated me, maybe because I was criticized a lot since I was young. Even when facing reporters like this, I just came to the conclusion, 'They will hate me.'''' ,'''I used to listen to Usher's 'Yeah!' and 'Run It!' by Chris Brown. I was really shocked that I could make a record with him.''' ,'''The music video director really wanted to incorporate the imagery of guns into 'Nega Dola' because the lyrics are very aggressive. It kind of portrayed a very strong image. So that's how we connected weapons and the imagery of a dangerous atmosphere.''' ,'''I'm sure Madonna has been a huge influence for many female artists. Her live shows always make a massive impact; the sets are amazing, and she's always trying new things on stage.''' ,'''What I loved most about 'Rhythm Nation' were the uniforms and the perfect group choreography.''' ,'''Our job is just to keep making great-sounding music and great performances.''' ,'''I started dreaming of becoming a singer after seeing Michael Jackson in the 'Billie Jean' video. The mix of fantastic choreography and amazing music made such a huge impact on the music industry.''' ,'''I'm a really new artist here. I would say that my style is an artist who can dance and sing. That's why my album is really upbeat. Maybe we will try slowly to do ballads or middle tempo songs.''' ,'''I am no longer fearful or uncomfortable about showing myself. And I realized I shouldn't get ahead of myself and lock myself in fear and worry even before something happens. I think these thoughts are what make me realize that I am maturing, going from my 20s to a full-fledged adult.''' ,'''First of all, I'm a performer, so people really want to see my performance in different styles and genres. We tried to do hip-hop and EDM, and very energetic performances through 'Camo,' 'Nega Dola,' and 'One Shot, Two Shot.'''' ,'''In the past, I think I was scared of showing myself. I thought people disliked me because I received so much hate when I was young. But as I grew older, I realized that there were people who disliked me and people who liked me. So I learned that there was no need for me to be so conscious of what others thought about me.''' ,'''Most people say that Asian or female artists should be sexy in America, but I don't think that I have to be like that. I have a tomboy style. My choreography is not that way. So, I want to focus on my music style to match the choreography, which is really cool. No girls can dance those moves. I try to make them really fresh.''' ,'''I started training with singing and dance lessons at the same time. Also, I was taking Japanese lessons too, when I was eleven or twelve. After school, I went to the recording studio.''' ,'''All of my experiences as a singer will be of good use long into the future, when I get old enough to finally train others.''' ,'''I think it's really important to show new styles of song and music. I think that's what people want to see and hear from me.''' ,]
+++