+++
author = "Justin Verlander"
title = "Justin Verlander Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Justin Verlander Quotes"
keywords = "justin verlander,justin verlander quotes,justin verlander quote,justin verlander sayings,justin verlander saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Growing up, I played 'Ken Griffey, Jr. Baseball' and just whatever I could get my hands on. When I was really young, I was a big fan of Mario and that type of stuff. I still play videogames now, so it was really cool for me to be able to play as myself on '2K6' or '2K7,' I believe it was, when I was a rookie.''' ,'''I really like the iPad. I think that's pretty cool.''' ,'''Actually, I'm a very good golfer.''' ,'''For me, seeing the progression of video games and consoles - whether it be PlayStation, Xbox, or whatever - I think just seeing how good they've gotten from the days when I first started playing is just amazing.''' ,'''I don't think anybody's goal is to be mediocre. I think everybody should want to be the best. I've always felt that way. I want to be at the best at everything I do.''' ,'''I think video games are a huge part of our society now. Having kids play baseball video games helps them understand and love the game. It could actually push them to get out there and play the game for real. That's great for the sport.''' ,'''I'm more of a feel pitcher. If something's wrong, I don't watch a video. I go throw in the bull pen until it feels right.''' ,'''I had no other interests but baseball because I never thought I'd not make it. No. Never.''' ,'''When I came into baseball, I had one goal for my career - the Hall of Fame.''' ,'''Baseball's my life.''' ,'''People in real life don't get ballplayers' humor, the way we talk in the clubhouse.''' ,]
+++