+++
author = "Joshua Kimmich"
title = "Joshua Kimmich Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Joshua Kimmich Quotes"
keywords = "joshua kimmich,joshua kimmich quotes,joshua kimmich quote,joshua kimmich sayings,joshua kimmich saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to create chances and also maybe score.''' ,'''It's hard to comprehend beating Barcelona 8-2.''' ,'''At FC Bayern, you know that, every year, you have to compete for titles - but, on the other hand, there is a possibility of stagnating at Bayern if you do not get the chances to play.''' ,'''Both with Bayern and with the national team, I have a lot of teammates who have achieved a lot more than me - most of them are world champions, European champions or Champions League winners.''' ,'''I played many positions under Guardiola. That helps to see the game from a different perspective, you learn more.''' ,'''For me, it's all the time a big challenge to play against the best player of the opponent. I think only with this I can develop and grow for myself.''' ,'''As footballers we have a certain responsibility. We have the responsibility to talk about things.''' ,'''At RB Leipzig at first I was 18 years old. I was the youngest player in the squad and so at first it wasn't easy because I came there with an injury.''' ,'''It's not that it doesn't matter to me where I play, but it's secondary.''' ,'''It is an option and I would like to take part in the Olympics.''' ,'''In every game I want to perform well, not for me but for the team.''' ,'''It's a fact I don't want to leave Bayern Munich.''' ,'''Normally when there are fans you are focused just because of that, because you know when you're going to make a mistake, everybody is like, 'Whoa,' you feel this mistake more. Also, you feel more if you score a goal. It's more emotional when there are fans.''' ,'''It's always nice to play in new and big stadiums.''' ,'''As a young player, you can't always have positives.''' ,'''There are a lot of players when I watch them playing I say, 'Amazing, I want to do like them.' But not to be like them - just some parts to copy. But always be myself and always play my own style.''' ,'''I know my weaknesses and work on them - especially when I'm not playing, I try to do more.''' ,'''Neymar is not that old but he's not my age. Paul Pogba is two years older than me and Paulo Dybala I think is one year older than me.''' ,'''It's my goal to establish myself at Bayern Munich.''' ,'''I learnt French in school and can already speak English.''' ,'''For me as a young player, it's great to have had a coach like Pep Guardiola and have coaches like Carlo Ancelotti and Jogi Low, because you get different impressions.''' ,'''It's why you become a footballer, so you can play against the best in the Champions League.''' ,'''I think before the kids, this was different - when I came home it was football, football, football all the time, every day. Now I have another balance in my life.''' ,'''As a young player the most important thing besides having a very good coach is to play a lot because you improve that way.''' ,'''My parents' garden is where I learned to play - and love - football. When I was little, only 4 or 5, I'd be out there with my dad, who taught me how to pass and shoot, first with my left foot and then with my right.''' ,'''Every position is a bit different, but for a young player it's important to be able to play different positions, to see the game in a different view, to learn of every position. Because you need different skills, and it's perfect for a young player to develop.''' ,'''Philipp is one of the best outside backs in the world, and has proved this over many years - how well he can perform on the right side.''' ,'''Making a major contribution to Bayern is more important to me than a transfer abroad. Staying at Bayern is more tempting and more attractive to me.''' ,'''It is very hard to win the World Cup twice in a row.''' ,'''I responded and anticipated faster than other players. I was not the fastest, but my passing, speed of thought and the ability to anticipate were my strengths.''' ,'''For us players, it's good to learn and hear something new.''' ,'''Normally you have more adrenaline, and more tension inside your body when you walk in and see the 80,000 fans screaming.''' ,'''If I had a choice between playing and watching, then I would always decide to play each and every time.''' ,'''I know what it's like to sit on the bench.''' ,'''I always try to find the solution before I receive the ball. Afterwards, I have to control it and to pass it. But when you know before where you want to play then all the things went faster.''' ,'''My favourite position is in the midfield. I think I can play to my strengths there. I can communicate with every player. I'm more in the game, because as a right-back you have to stay on one side and you're not always in the game for 90 minutes. So I prefer the centre midfield position.''' ,'''The stadium is always full at Bayern and it's really amazing.''' ,'''My role model was always Xavi Hernandez from Barcelona.''' ,'''You have always to keep up your performances and, at the same time, you can learn new approaches.''' ,'''Obviously Schweinsteiger is a great role model for me.''' ,'''It's really different without the fans, because there is less atmosphere, no screaming after every corner or chance. But the positive is you can communicate with each other. You can speak with each other. You can hear what the coach is screaming on the touchline.''' ,'''In football, you have the chance to point things out and we should continue doing that.''' ,'''I just know that it is strange if you win a game at the Allianz Arena and cannot celebrate with your fans.''' ,'''In football, it is normal that coaches and players change. There is always a new environment and you have to prove yourself again and again.''' ,'''I'm not scared of any other player, but I normally know the quality of the others and try to be ready before the game. But I don't forget my own style to play soccer.''' ,'''The only important thing is your performance. If you perform well, then you get the respect of your team-mates.''' ,'''I'm getting better when I have a good opponent. And so I try to analyze my own game.''' ,'''Normally you have more adrenaline and tension when you see 80,000 fans, screaming after every corner or chance. You have to push yourself and your teammates. Normally when there are fans you are focused just because of that. You feel mistakes more. Also you feel more if you score a goal.''' ,'''I don't only defend.''' ,'''You can lose confidence when you're not in the rhythm.''' ,'''It's in me, since I was a child. I've always wanted to win every game. Not only in football, but in other things.''' ,'''At 14 I went to Stuttgart academy and it was a big dream. But I felt lonely. It also got hard later. At 18 I hoped to play in the second team but the club said I was not strong enough.''' ,'''It's not easy to speak about your own performances.''' ,'''I'm obviously aware that Germany's head-to-head record with Italy is not particularly positive. I myself have memories from a few previous encounters. I was 11 years old for the 2006 disappointment and the 2012 match is obviously much fresher in my memory.''' ,'''Praise is great, but it's also an incentive.''' ,'''I'm not shy about speaking up.''' ,'''I would like to have Leroy at Bayern, that would send the right message. He is a player who would be a good fit at Bayern. I think he is a very good player.''' ,'''It's not only conceivable, but it's my goal to stay at Bayern for a long time - under the assumption that I play.''' ,'''Philipp is an absolute legend.''' ,'''When I came to Bayern, I was a second-division player. For me it was a new world.''' ,'''I knew when I came here it wouldn't all be easy, that I wouldn't play every game. But my goal was to be a part of Bayern, to be a starter. I want to achieve things here.''' ,'''I am a national player myself and I know how special it is to play for Germany.''' ,'''This is the most special thing at Bayern Munich. They won everything, but the players still want to win more.''' ,'''I don't want to hide. I don't want to be focused just on defending, because I also have to be offensive and create opportunities for us.''' ,'''Xavi was a big idol in my youth because he was smart in his head. He was not the biggest player because of his body length, but he was one of the greatest players because he was always smart in his mind. He had really good technique.''' ,'''My favorite position is in the center of the midfield, maybe the defensive midfield. I think I can play this position the best. I played there in my youth all the time, and I like to be in the center of the game because you're never standing still.''' ,'''I just started playing football because it's fun for me, it's the best thing for me.''' ,'''You've got to have self-confidence that you're going to make it at Bayern and I have that self-confidence.''' ,'''As a young boy, I had gone to a Bayern match with my father. I had never seen such a big stadium before, and it was overwhelming. Everything was so big, so loud.''' ,'''I took a risk by joining Bayern.''' ,'''You have to go to the limit every day as a player, or others will take over.''' ,'''You can see that mistakes in the Bundesliga are punished harshly and that we can have problems against every opponent if we don't play at the limit - even if it is the bottom of the table.''' ,'''I'm happy to play in any position. I would not, however, be the perfect striker.''' ,'''Bayern could buy any No. 6 in the world, so that they want me is a great honour.''' ,'''I want to be Joshua Kimmich and not Philipp Lahm 2.0.''' ,'''It's really important for a young guy to have a coach who wants to improve you and believes in you.''' ,'''Every kid who plays football dreams of appearing in the Bundesliga one day.''' ,'''I grew up in the small German village of Bosingen, which is located between Black Forest and the state capital of Stuttgart. And when I say small, I mean small. In our village, there were no more than 1,700 people. And we all loved football, but there weren't a lot of places for us boys around town to play in.''' ,'''It was clear that it wouldn't always be plain sailing for me.''' ,'''Here in Germany, we have emotional players, too.''' ,'''You can always learn lessons.''' ,'''I would prefer to play left-wing, striker or even goalkeeper - any other position - rather than sitting on the bench as a central midfielder.''' ,'''I don't care in which position I play so long as I am in the team.''' ,'''I always wanted to be me and not a Lahm clone or Lahm the second.''' ,'''We always want to win, even when we don't play very well.''' ,'''I try to play my own style.''' ,'''It's not everything to be tall.''' ,'''There's seriously talented players who have been around for a long time, both in the national team and with Bayern, so there's always a danger of not playing so often.''' ,'''It's more emotional when there are fans.''' ,'''I want to impose myself at Bayern. I want become an important player for the club and for the team. I want to be a regular member of the side.''' ,'''All that matters to me is playing.''' ,'''I only know Bayern with Thomas Muller. Without him the club would not be where it is now. It's the case that when he comes on he always plays well.''' ,'''Bayern are the perfect club for me.''' ,'''We as footballers, like with Sancho, have a lot of power to reach other people, to be role models and to say something. What we say to people outside gives us a big chance to make a statement.''' ,'''I sometimes think about playing with my friends in our own little stadium in Bosingen, and about how I used to dream of fans cheering my name.''' ,'''When you're fit but you can't play, it's very hard, especially for the head, especially for a young player. But all you can do is train hard and give your best. Afterwards, it's the decision of the coach.''' ,'''Even in my youth, my speed of thought was better than others' in some situations.''' ,'''I played at RB Leipzig from 2013 to 2015, and my coach was Alexander Zorniger. He was a coach who was very focused on the details. He did a lot of analytics and we were focused at Leipzig on the play against the ball.''' ,'''If I have something to say then I am prepared to speak to my teammates about it.''' ,'''Mr. Guardiola has already told me what he likes about me.''' ,]
+++