+++
author = "Hakeem Olajuwon"
title = "Hakeem Olajuwon Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Hakeem Olajuwon Quotes"
keywords = "hakeem olajuwon,hakeem olajuwon quotes,hakeem olajuwon quote,hakeem olajuwon sayings,hakeem olajuwon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm shy, but sometimes my voice is so clear and strong.''' ,'''I'm the kind of person who always wants more.''' ,'''When you get to that level, it's not a matter of talent anymore - because all the players are so talented - it's about preparation, about playing smart and making good decisions.''' ,'''I don't think Michael had to retire for us to get the spotlight, because when you win, it commands attention.''' ,'''My background playing soccer gave me a natural advantage over many of the American-born players.''' ,'''The key to fashion is, you don't want to look like you're trying. You've gotta be natural.''' ,'''Being from Africa is the best thing that could have ever, ever happened to me. I cannot see it any other way. All of my fundamental principles that were instilled in me in my home, from my childhood, are still with me.''' ,'''I was successful materially, but I know life is much more than worldly success. I saw all these blessings God had given me. The way to give thanks is obedience to God.''' ,'''All these boundaries - Africa, Asia, Malaysia, America - are set by men. But you don't have to look at boundaries when you are looking at a man - at the character of a man. The question is: What do you stand for? Are you a follower, or are you a leader?''' ,'''Allah says in the Qur'an not to despise one another. So the criterion in Islam is not color or social status. It's who is most righteous. If I go to a mosque - and I'm a basketball player with money and prestige - if I go to a mosque and see an imam, I feel inferior. He's better than me. It's about knowledge.''' ,'''I remember at the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta, Shaq always wanted me to show him steps over and over.''' ,'''I'm shy, but sometimes my voice is so clear and strong. Your tongue moves, and the Arabic language is so beautiful.''' ,'''The difference must be distinguished between worship and respect. Islam orders you to obey and respect, as long as you are not worshiping anything other than God... Islam is a religion of peace. You don't attack. You explain.''' ,'''I'm the kind of person who always wants more. I was successful materially, but I know life is much more than worldly success. I saw all these blessings God had given me. The way to give thanks is obedience to God.''' ,'''My type of basketball is about how to create space, how to maneuver, how to get your shot off.''' ,'''I love fashion as much as I love basketball! It is a great joy for me to express myself through designing my own collection.''' ,'''I always keep a ball in the car. You never know.''' ,'''God comes first. Paradise is not cheap.''' ,'''Basketball is in my blood. It is my obligation to try.''' ,'''I've now been in this country for thirteen years, since I was seventeen. So this is my second home.''' ,'''When I look at the system here and look at my position - not just as a basketball player, but when I look around me at the values of the people and the culture and compare them with the values of where I came from - I feel so blessed to be from Africa.''' ,]
+++