+++
author = "Gloria Gaynor"
title = "Gloria Gaynor Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Gloria Gaynor Quotes"
keywords = "gloria gaynor,gloria gaynor quotes,gloria gaynor quote,gloria gaynor sayings,gloria gaynor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's nothing to compare to live music, there just isn't anything.''' ,'''My look is always glitzy for New Year's Eve, even if I am at home.''' ,'''I will always try to share my faith with any person who is willing to listen. When I feel a wall go up, we can talk about something else... and I will pray for you.''' ,'''The better your audience, the more energy you have, and the more energy you have, the better show you do. The better show you do, the more they love it, and the more energy they give back to you.''' ,'''I have never been a different person onstage than I am off.''' ,'''I had a fear of being alone.''' ,'''I think I sound like Barry White.''' ,'''Well, for street clothes, a lot of what I wear is Jones New York. I am well-endowed in the derriere, and they can handle that.''' ,'''When I'm on stage, all is right with the world.''' ,'''Well, I went through some emotionally abusive relationships and allowed myself to not be properly respected as a lady, as a human being even, though I tried everything I knew to be a lady.''' ,'''Christ does not fulfill the human element, but he certainly fulfills every other need in your life. As far as I'm concerned, there's no better love affair.''' ,'''Well, we all know that self-esteem comes from what you think of you, not what other people think of you.''' ,'''People are intimidated when they first meet me, but it doesn't take them long to realise I'm just an average person.''' ,'''A chic guy is in a suit. I don't care what kind of tie they wear. I don't care if they even wear a tie, as long as they can carry a suit.''' ,'''God allows circumstances to build us up. God has got our back.''' ,'''All through my young life I wanted to sing, although nobody in my family knew it.''' ,'''One of the high points of my career was winning the Grammy for 'I Will Survive.'''' ,'''That's why you find a lot of entertainers are insecure, because it's the perfect camouflage for insecurity.''' ,'''People always want to ask me about my drug problem - I never had a drug problem; I had a self-esteem problem!''' ,'''I still love a variety of kinds of music.''' ,'''I had cars, houses, jewels, furs, and a husband who loved me, and a career I was happy with. But I found fulfillment in my relationship with Christ.''' ,]
+++