+++
author = "Penny Johnson Jerald"
title = "Penny Johnson Jerald Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Penny Johnson Jerald Quotes"
keywords = "penny johnson jerald,penny johnson jerald quotes,penny johnson jerald quote,penny johnson jerald sayings,penny johnson jerald saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Well, traditionally, my husband and I go back to our farm in Virginia but we do Christmas every day. We truly do. For us, it's about giving. We are of the Christian faith we believe that if people can see God in us, then we're actually doing our job.''' ,'''If it violates me physically, then it's not worth it to me. There will always be another job where you don't have to take your clothes off or have a gutter mouth.''' ,'''The final scenes in 'Rain' are just like my mother-in-law when she would sit under the window in my sitting room - one foot in the other world and just holding on.''' ,'''It feels good to be a couple of characters, sometimes in the same day.''' ,'''I won't consider a script if there's nothing redeeming about it. I can't do shoot-'em-up, bang-up shows.''' ,'''If you dream of becoming an eagle, you follow your dreams and not the words of a bunch of chickens.''' ,'''As a female, you either have a whole bunch of female friends or none.''' ,'''I love a good challenge.''' ,'''Often, you don't want to know too much, because it does affect your performance. When you're shooting a series for nine months out of the year, you don't want to anticipate too much, because you're going to work and you have to enjoy this thing too.''' ,'''To be perfectly honest, I have not watched 'Discovery,' I was ignorant of the fact that it was even coming out. I thought it was another movie coming out.''' ,'''I'm the TV girl.''' ,'''Give me the action. I come from a place of fighters. My father was a fighter, a boxer, and Penny loves to box. So give it to me until my body won't do it anymore. Bring it on.''' ,'''Most of us got jobs right after 'The Larry Sanders Show' because of 'The Larry Sanders Show.' I know that for a fact for myself.''' ,'''I'll take a secret to my grave. I'm really good at that.''' ,'''Actors are adults playing hide-and-ego-seek.''' ,'''I wasn't an avid watcher of the original 'Star Trek.' But they'd pull out this thing to communicate without wires and you thought, 'Yeah, right.' Now... we're doing that with cellphones. So I think our minds are more open to the unimaginable.''' ,'''I think I take away a naturalistic approach to acting from doing 'The Larry Sanders Show,' a way to put aside acting and just exist in the world of what's being handed to me.''' ,'''My moral obligation is to God. I won't curse in God's name.''' ,'''I actually believe more in outer space in Virginia, because I can look up at the sky and count the stars.''' ,'''Working on 'The Larry Sanders Show,' everything was there on the paper and in the room and within the four walls when all of us were together. It was just all there.''' ,'''I believe I never finished playing Sherry Palmer, that's why when the thought they shot and killed me, Penny's butt kept breathing on the floor, because I believe that she never died. I just feel like that's a character that I would want to play to feel a completion, because I never really completed playing her.''' ,'''With 'Deep Space Nine,' I learned that when you get a script, you should give honor to the writer. On 'Larry Sanders,' even on '24,' you could make up stuff.''' ,'''I've been in some wonderful shows, but nothing holds a candle to 'The Larry Sanders Show.'''' ,]
+++