+++
author = "Susan Powter"
title = "Susan Powter Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Susan Powter Quotes"
keywords = "susan powter,susan powter quotes,susan powter quote,susan powter sayings,susan powter saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The more you achieve, the more interest it should spark to go further, because there's so much - and I don't mean monetarily and I don't mean in society. This whole experience of living is so rich!''' ,'''What's natural and right is to go with the energy of how it all has to work together. What's natural and right is interconnectedness, not individualism. What is natural and right is respect for the system, not killing the system. What's natural and right is love.''' ,'''I had to dance topless for two years to make cash to pay my bills and save some money. But it was very enlightening, by the way. I'm talking about light from the gutter.''' ,'''I'm not a role model to my kids. They're a role model to me.''' ,'''I don't value authority. I don't value the systems. I don't value patriarchal religion. I don't value the things that diminish you when you do tell the truth. So I'm not scared of the end result, and that is the biggest asset I have.''' ,'''Hard work - I mean, does anybody use that term anymore? Laziness doesn't fly. It's all in the practice. It does take work and it ain't easy - but man, the rewards!''' ,'''There isn't a theologian in the world who can argue with me on this. God has no gender. If that's the case, then everything needs to be rewritten now, right now.''' ,'''Very few people are original. There's very little original anything out there. Because to be original means you have to stand alone.''' ,'''You can be fat and love yourself. You can be fat and have a great damn personality. You can be fat and sew your own clothes. But you can't be fat and healthy.''' ,'''Everything, everything, everything! I want to know everything. I want the privilege of being a crone.''' ,'''There isn't a religion on earth that isn't damaging to the human race because every one of them is patriarchal and every one eliminates more than half of the human race - women. They are all oppressors of women.''' ,'''I know the guru route, I know you go sit on a mountain. But screw India. I ain't going there.''' ,'''We can't be guided - because we're so far from it. We've so destroyed it. We're so far from that that we can't use it. I mean, Jim Bakker heard from God. What a good job he did!''' ,]
+++