+++
author = "Benji Hughes"
title = "Benji Hughes Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Benji Hughes Quotes"
keywords = "benji hughes,benji hughes quotes,benji hughes quote,benji hughes sayings,benji hughes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''After 'A Love Extreme,' I thought I must do something that stands up to that - at least. I can't top it. You should never attempt to top something that is magical, because that's just bad magic.''' ,'''I'm not Madonna-famous and wouldn't want to be.''' ,''''Starman' was one of my favorite movies growing up.''' ,'''I'm not the kind of writer that goes, 'I'm gonna write a song about sunshine,' or, 'I've just heard a phrase, so I'm gonna write that,' and then I write a song. I'll wait for inspiration to hit, and you can't depend on it.''' ,'''It's easy for me to cry. I'm just emotionally tuned in to stuff. It probably helps with my songwriting.''' ,'''I work hard, whether it comes to writing for my own project or another artist.''' ,'''My aunt Maxie had a plastic guitar in her closet, and I started playing that, going nuts on it. I went to stay with my dad, and he saw how much I was into it, and I put my first guitar on layaway. It was a Kay Starter Series guitar and Gorilla amplifier.''' ,'''The thing I like to do when I'm making records is to keep it exciting, as opposed to, 'There's a bass player, guitar player... ' Just a little variety.''' ,'''There are times where I'm just open to receive songs. I sit down, and a jam will just come out, all at once. It's like, 'Song. Done.' I can't really explain it. This isn't the best way of putting it, but sometimes I feel like I'm a magnifying glass for vibes.''' ,'''It's pretty funny to me when I hear people say, 'I write six songs every day,' or, 'I turn out a song a day.' I bet you that's a whole week of bad songs.''' ,'''I believe in working on the music right up until it's ready. And then I'll worry about how to let people know it's there.''' ,]
+++