+++
author = "Jayson Williams"
title = "Jayson Williams Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Jayson Williams Quotes"
keywords = "jayson williams,jayson williams quotes,jayson williams quote,jayson williams sayings,jayson williams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I lost my way for a long time.''' ,'''I want to see the birth of my baby. Hopefully it's a boy. He can play for St. John's.''' ,'''Every day people say you got to move on with your life. You have to move on. And you just can't.''' ,'''I have a beautiful family. I want to be here, for my family.''' ,'''Alcohol is the cause of all my problems.''' ,'''That's what prison did for me, it isolated me, you know, it polished me up like a stone.''' ,'''I will never be able to move on as much as people would like me to.''' ,'''It's a sin to swear.''' ,'''I'll say life is simpler.''' ,'''If it wasn't for prison, I was in a bad way.''' ,'''I went down and played with Magic Johnson at his all-star game in Atlanta. I remember Magic stopped the game and said, 'We need you here with us in L.A.'''' ,'''I always relate respectfully with blue-collar people.''' ,'''If I had to think of what I would do different in my whole career, it's that I never would have picked up a beer, bottle of vodka. That definitely changed my life. That is an Achilles' heel for me.''' ,'''We're like Iraq. We're hiding missiles. We've got two missiles in reserve.''' ,'''I want to be here, for my family. I want to be here for my baby. I want to see the birth of my baby.''' ,'''I think no athlete wants to end his career on an injury.''' ,'''I could have been better. That's my goal now, to be better.''' ,'''People say, 'Jay, you're a great guy, you just had a couple of bad nights.' People that have themselves under control don't have a couple of bad nights like that. Plain and simple.''' ,'''I give God all the glory. And try to move on. Come home and hug my wife and my children. And thank God for every day that I have with my family.''' ,'''I don't think there is a person who loves the Nets as much as I do - from our fans, all the employees in the arenas, the front office personnel and the owners. I will always be loyal to our fans and the Nets.''' ,]
+++