+++
author = "Rider Strong"
title = "Rider Strong Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Rider Strong Quotes"
keywords = "rider strong,rider strong quotes,rider strong quote,rider strong sayings,rider strong saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Maybe that's my lot in life as an actor, to be the guy who gets crapped on everywhere he goes. Oh God.''' ,'''You've seen how they make movies like Star Wars and stuff. They're never really there. They're in front of a green screen just pretending to be jumping around.''' ,'''There's a real separation between actors and all the other functions of Hollywood. If you're an actor you're somehow not a member of the crew. You're somehow more special. I hate that.''' ,'''Maybe that's the whole teen oeuvre, you know covering people in disgusting bodily fluids and whatnot.''' ,'''I don't really want to be doing high budget, where they've got cranes and everything. That just sounds boring, having to do the same thing over and over again.''' ,'''I spent four days and four nights just covered in blood, falling in the water.''' ,'''I think we'll make sure we have Boy Meets World reunions.''' ,'''I hope to always be doing some low budget things.''' ,'''To have an opportunity to make a movie like Cabin Fever, you have to get stuff thrown on you or you have to fall into a pit of water. It brings you that much closer to your mindset as a character.''' ,'''I'd much rather do one or two takes of one thing and then see how it goes.''' ,'''Cabin Fever was murder. There was a lot of psychological stress, like not knowing if we were going to finish the movie. The day we arrived to start rehearsals, our main investors pulled out.''' ,]
+++