+++
author = "Sarah Rafferty"
title = "Sarah Rafferty Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Sarah Rafferty Quotes"
keywords = "sarah rafferty,sarah rafferty quotes,sarah rafferty quote,sarah rafferty sayings,sarah rafferty saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a sweet tooth. I love dessert, and if somebody makes me one, I'm going to have it.''' ,'''I have an amazing spouse; we're a team. He works, and I work, and we sort of do this dance with each other so that we can be present to our kids. But I think the whole 'balance' thing is an illusion; we just embrace the imbalance.''' ,'''I still have some synchronized swimming moves in my back pocket from camp when I was 8. I can really wow people at a pool party.''' ,'''I honestly think I've gotten taller since I started doing Pilates. And my posture is totally different - no more slouching!''' ,'''There was kind of a pivotal moment in my life in junior high school when my English teacher told me I should be a part of the public speaking competition.''' ,'''When I'm not at work, I put deep conditioner in my hair and wear a baseball cap. I'll just roll around on the off-days with goop in my hair, and then just rinse it out.''' ,'''When you're a regular on your own show, there's a comfort level that you have with the crew and the other castmates, so going into work can feel like going to your second home.''' ,'''What's fun about shooting exteriors on the street in Toronto is that there are cable cars.''' ,'''Every episode of 'Suits' is great and moves the story forward.''' ,'''I have a crush on Cate Blanchett.''' ,'''For me, when I have those moments of getting down on my body - let's say, for example, my stomach doesn't look my stomach before I had kids, just saying - that bums me out, so I really have to shift that negative into a positive and get really grateful for the fact that my body delivered me two amazing little girls.''' ,'''Toronto is an amazing place to be as a family.''' ,'''My summer uniform is a dress. I also have a closet full of hats.''' ,'''My husband is from Finland, so every so often I'll throw a Scandinavian-themed party.''' ,'''What's really important for us is that our home base is in L.A., and when we move to Toronto - where 'Suits' is filmed - we move as a unit and are always together in the same place. My 5-year-old goes to two schools, which I was worried about, but it ended up being an amazing, self-esteem-building experience for her. She celebrates it.''' ,'''I hate all the core stuff. That's why I have to have a trainer. That's the only way I'm going to do the abs work.''' ,'''My favorite part of 'Suits' is when we go back in time, and we do learn more. I hope we do more of that in Season 6.''' ,'''What you learn from studying acting is that you have to have the courage to just make strong choices.''' ,'''I like Instagram because it makes me stop to take in the world.''' ,'''As I got older, I gave myself the space to be human and to have a minute and be disappointed and feel whatever I'm feeling.''' ,'''I like Canadians. Who doesn't like Canadians? It's amazing! They're the friendliest people on earth.''' ,'''I am a huge theatre geek.''' ,'''Any time you get to work with someone new who you admire, who's awesome, it's great; you're excited to be there.''' ,'''I'm just a goofy, self-deprecating person.''' ,]
+++