+++
author = "Nikita Dutta"
title = "Nikita Dutta Quotes"
quotes_len = "71"
description = "the best 71 Nikita Dutta Quotes"
keywords = "nikita dutta,nikita dutta quotes,nikita dutta quote,nikita dutta sayings,nikita dutta saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I didn't do anything productive during my break after 'Dream Girl.' I didn't even take a vacation!''' ,'''In Mumbai, life is always on the go, but in Delhi, I get a break; it gives me a lot of peace. Here I feel like I am on a pampered holiday, and I am treated like a princess.''' ,'''My slightly scary moment while travelling was when I decided to run across the Golden Gate Bridge in California. The weather was unbearably cold, and by the time I got to the bridge, it was already 8 P.M. I had about an hour to run across and come back, as the gate would shut by 9.''' ,'''My idea of chilling is to detox, and after you complete a project, there's so much to unlearn and start afresh.''' ,'''In 'Ek Duje'... I play Suman, a girl who runs her own tiffin service in Delhi. She is calm and composed at home but quite bold when it comes to facing the outside world.''' ,'''It's important to have privacy and have a personal life.''' ,'''It's not always about playing the lead. It's also about being associated with an important and good film.''' ,'''With 'Gold,' it was a very simple girl, and in 'Kabir Singh,' it's more of a glam role. That's my aim: I want to experiment as much as I can. These two are very small areas of experimentation.''' ,'''My poker face makes it difficult for people to figure out what's on my mind.''' ,'''I've collected a lot of things throughout my life, and I think that's more being a hoarder than being passionate about them, and so I've tried to stop that.''' ,'''To experiment different kinds of roles always works well.''' ,'''The thing is, comparison and pressure have no boundaries. There will be comparison with your co-star, with the films that are releasing with your film.''' ,'''For me, it's difficult to even walk around in cotton sarees; imagine doing scenes in them!''' ,'''Fitness is not about being better than someone else, but it is about being better than what you used to be!''' ,'''Not only in our family, where our relatives keep putting us down, but even in this modern urbanized culture, we girls put our fellow girls down by judging them.''' ,'''I love the way Shah Rukh Khan host awards. He's the one person that I look up to.''' ,'''As a person, I don't feel insecure about most things in life. From relationships, friendships to work, I am quite at peace in my head.''' ,'''Things for me have quite changed after 'Kabir Singh,' and I am happy with the way things are shaping up.''' ,'''You can prepare a list of the qualities you would want in your ideal partner and fall in love with someone totally opposite.''' ,'''I hate to say it, but I am not used to travelling light. I always prefer being ready for any situation! So, a lot of things go with me wherever I go.''' ,'''I think ratings are something that shouldn't bother you. At the end of it, you should be happy with what you are doing.''' ,'''I was in a play called 'Hood.' I was an extra in 'Passion of the Christ.' I did corporate videos, commercials, little university short films. Just anything that I could be a part of, really.''' ,'''It is not easy to participate in the 21 km. marathon. It takes a lot of energy, determination, and will power. It takes months to train to reach that mark with a proper diet chart.''' ,'''I have stopped looking at roles as lead or parallel lead. Also, I feel these are very misleading terms.''' ,'''I don't want to be picky and say that I only want to do films.''' ,'''I am a very bad cook. I can never make proper Indian food.''' ,'''The industry is such - there is no guarantee that a show would work only because it is airing.''' ,'''I can never hold a grudge against anyone, even if I know that he has done something wrong to me.''' ,'''My focus stays on doing good films with notable characters.''' ,'''Whether it's TV shows or the films that I've done, it's always a priority for me that the entire script should be good.''' ,'''In school, I was the weird kid, I guess.''' ,'''Though the concept of the show revolves around a love layer, 'Ek Duje Ke Vaaste' has a very unique storyline. It is not a typical love story, and I am glad to be a part of this show.''' ,'''There are certain situations, when you're in America, when people understand you better without an Australian accent.''' ,'''There is a myth that is being perpetuated that I am afraid of snakes. And I am not afraid of snakes!''' ,'''Indian television is unpredictable.''' ,'''The best thing about yoga is that it is not just about weight loss but being fit from within. It's about better concentration, a calmer mind, and knowing your body.''' ,'''Selfie is referred to the new age 'autograph' for our fans nowadays! Also, I like clicking selfies.''' ,'''It feels great pleasure and honour to be associated with a film like 'Gold.' I have always believed in meaningful cinema, and this movie was one such opportunity.''' ,'''I am a bit of a psycho when it comes to food.''' ,'''I always prioritize quality over quantity of work.''' ,'''It's better to take the good that comes your way instead of sitting around and waiting.''' ,'''There has been a positive change with people being aware about women's cricket of late. It's still far from what it needs to be, but women are slowly getting the right recognition for this game.''' ,'''I was on bed rest because of a fracture for about three months. 'Kabir Singh' happened immediately after that. So it was a good way to get back to work after a break.''' ,'''Doing a TV show is like temporarily getting married to it.''' ,'''I am a fitness freak, and I do not celebrate any festivity in a grand way during the months of December and January because I am busy preparing for my marathon.''' ,'''There is no assurity that something will be a success because it is a remake or because it does/does not have a superstar.''' ,'''When a show ends, I need some time to chill, as I feel that I have grown five years older after doing it! I need at least a month to rejuvenate. This happens with Indian TV shows. If you do a show continuously for more than a year, you feel 10 years older.''' ,'''I am making my television debut with 'Dream Girl,' and hence, this role is very important for me. The uniqueness of my character prompted me to take up this show, how she cuts corners to get her work done, and she has a solution to every problem.''' ,'''Every piece of work has been a learning experience.''' ,'''I am very punctual about time, eating, and work.''' ,'''Honestly, I love my life too much to share it with the world.''' ,''''Kabir Singh' is the Hindi remake of 'Arjun Reddy.'''' ,'''My brain has so many qualities that do not work with social media. I'm an overthinker, I'm overly private, and those two personality traits just do not work when it comes to Instagram.''' ,'''I am like the huge percentage of Indians who follow majorly cricket when it comes to sports.''' ,'''I can chop and peel vegetables but can't cook full meals.''' ,'''I have grown up in a family where every one is a part of the defence forces, so freedom and everything related to independence runs deep down my veins.''' ,'''Indian audiences these days aren't really interested in watching a character on screen evolve. They don't want to see a young girl evolve into being a partner and enter motherhood - they are only really concerned about the story. As long as the story is getting interesting with every passing episode, they want more.''' ,'''I am a control freak. I want everything to be prim and proper.''' ,'''My travel plans are always sudden. But that always works out better because it ends up being more spontaneous.''' ,'''There are two sides always - when something works, it is hailed, but when something doesn't, it is all criticism.''' ,'''Something I have learnt from my past trips is, however tired you are, make sure you make the most of the moment and the place you are in. The regret of missing out on things kicks in later on.''' ,''''Bigg Boss' is not my zone of entertainment.''' ,'''I think I would love to play a sportsperson myself. That is something I really want to do, since it fascinates me.''' ,'''I am incredibly cynical, and I don't think that's something people would guess. People think I'm all positive, but I'm a skeptic.''' ,'''I love 'Eurovision!' It's the best thing in the world, and it should be mandatory viewing.''' ,'''I am excited to be a part of Netflix's 'Maska.' We have a stupendous powerhouse of talent.''' ,'''It is funny because, honestly, there isn't much I got to do in 'Kabir Singh' in terms of acting, but many are appreciating what I have done.''' ,'''There's so many people involved in making a film.''' ,'''It's in my blood to welcome all possible challenges. So something that makes me step out of my comfort zone is what I love doing.''' ,'''I love films. I have a collection of DVDs on my shelf.''' ,'''I adore every anchor I watch or I am standing next to. It's not the most easy job being live while you have countless instructions to follow. So, immense respect for each one out there.''' ,]
+++