+++
author = "Evonne Goolagong Cawley"
title = "Evonne Goolagong Cawley Quotes"
quotes_len = "90"
description = "the best 90 Evonne Goolagong Cawley Quotes"
keywords = "evonne goolagong cawley,evonne goolagong cawley quotes,evonne goolagong cawley quote,evonne goolagong cawley sayings,evonne goolagong cawley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Every time I hit the ball I would pretend I was on that magical court at Wimbledon. And then every time I went to sleep at night I would dream about playing at Wimbledon one day.''' ,'''Some players feel that winning is everything and that losing is a disaster. Not me. I want the spectators to take home a good memory.''' ,'''My greatest high was to hit a ball well, to try to do it perfectly, to try different things, whether they came off or not.''' ,'''Whenever a car would come down the road, my mum would tell us to hide 'or else the welfare man would take you away.'''' ,'''I went to Willoughby Girls High, I finished my high school certificate and then I did shorthand and typing the next year. Then started travelling and never used it since.''' ,'''The most exciting match I ever played was the 1974 US Open final against Billie Jean King.''' ,'''I won Wimbledon when I was 19 and again after I had a child.''' ,'''I used to say during my career that the biggest gift was having my children.''' ,'''I certainly had a lot of fun during my career playing tennis, doing the thing I wanted to do and to do it well.''' ,'''Usually I have to leave parties early - just when the action is beginning.''' ,'''I went through a tough time after leaving 'tennis.''' ,'''Nobody expected me to win Wimbledon. It was something to strive for.''' ,'''I don't want to talk about apartheid... I'm going to South Africa to play tennis and to see the country. That's as far as it goes.''' ,'''Mum and Dad have come to Sydney to see me off on the two trips to Wimbledon. Each time I thought I mustn't cry 'cos that'll start Mum off. Each time I really bawled, and then she started up.''' ,'''It's nice to know you're improving and getting better.''' ,'''Tennis, for me, every time I went out on the court, it just gave me such joy to play.''' ,'''I know, everybody thinks that all Aussies love beer. I guess most of them do, but not me.''' ,'''There is no higher honour in sport than being selected to represent your country and I have certainly taken great pride in always giving my best in my position as Fed Cup captain.''' ,'''When I started I was pretty well the only Aboriginal player who was playing tournaments.''' ,'''You're not just playing for yourself but for your country, and that's nerve-wracking. It makes you work harder.''' ,'''I first started out by hitting a ball against a wall when I was four.''' ,'''Concentration may be my weak point.''' ,'''When Kelly was born, I thought seriously about retirement. But I wanted to see if it was possible to mix being a mother with tennis and the two combined very well.''' ,'''I know that from my own experience, after I had my daughter Kelly, I felt great. I just wanted to get back on that court.''' ,'''It's nice to be remembered.''' ,'''After I was fortunate enough to achieve my dreams on the court, I have done my best to, in turn, help young people achieve theirs.''' ,'''I was so hungry to learn my history, to really know who I was.''' ,'''Losing isn't bitter because it's temporary.''' ,'''I love the atmosphere of shopping in London. Sometimes I just go into a boutique, not to buy but to listen to the music.''' ,'''When I was playing on the tour, I never really thought about the Hall of Fame because you're always thinking about your game and how you can do better.''' ,'''Well, Margaret Court was the first one, first professional woman - or maybe man - to actually take it into the gyms. She worked out on her body, she was very strong, very fast on the court.''' ,'''After I make some bad shots, it makes me bear down and concentrate more.''' ,'''I had a bit of a reputation as a tomboy.''' ,'''I'd much rather people knew me as a good tennis player than as an aboriginal who happens to play good tennis. Of course I'm proud of my race, but I don't want to be thinking about it all the time.''' ,'''We couldn't afford anything. Suitcase, clothes, everything, Barellan people bought for me.''' ,'''I hated school.''' ,'''I was protected from a lot of publicity and politics of life.''' ,'''I just have these lapses. Guess I'm stuck with it. But I play better when I get behind. I say to myself, 'Now I have to play well.'''' ,'''Because I've had time off, I've learned to appreciate tennis more - to put something back into it.''' ,'''People told me I made the game look easy and I didn't always look like I was trying my best, but I always was.''' ,'''Neither winning nor losing means as much to me as knowing the crowd has enjoyed my match.''' ,'''I can think of matches I played where I played one or two points perfectly, and that gave me a thrill.''' ,'''I think how I'm playing, not who I'm playing.''' ,'''I even opened a nightclub called Evonne's.''' ,'''I think It would be quite fun to play Bobby Riggs.''' ,'''Trees always remind me of Aboriginal people.''' ,'''If you didn't have power, you had to have touch and serve and volley, which I found very exciting and that's why I love watching Federer play, because of those skills.''' ,'''Billie Jean King is the personality of women's tennis.''' ,'''I love to fish. I love the peacefulness of being around the water.''' ,'''I was just feeling really down and didn't want to play tennis anymore and when I was feeling down like that, what helped me is that I went back to my culture. To walk the Earth.''' ,'''When I walk out on to the court and everyone is staring, sometimes I wonder how my legs will carry me out there. That's forgotten as soon as I start playing.''' ,'''I like music and dancing.''' ,'''I guess I had that insecurity of missing out on the normal things that everybody else does. With all the traveling I was doing I felt I was leaving something behind.''' ,'''I don't think of myself as being colored but of being Australian.''' ,'''Once in a while I'll drink a rum-and-Coke but that's all, and only once in a while.''' ,'''I started by hitting balls against walls with an apple crate board.''' ,'''When we used the small-faced racquets and wood racquets, we had to use every part of the court.''' ,'''I keep saying to myself, 'I'm in New York.' I've heard so much about it. It's big, isn't it?''' ,'''I never think I'm going to lose.''' ,'''I know how to get around London better than Sydney.''' ,'''I had to stay in school before I started travelling overseas.''' ,'''My goal is to share information and to educate. But am I an activist? No, no, no. I don't believe in pushing things on people.''' ,'''Now that my daughter is 9 and my son is 5, I'm starting to enjoy tennis more. I've been asked to play in the over 35s, and I may do that.''' ,'''It's wonderful being a mother playing anyway.''' ,'''In team tennis, when you're downed, you play harder because there are other people depending upon you.''' ,'''I don't like rushing, just like to sit down and rest before a match. Half the time I don't even look at the draw.''' ,'''I always just thought of myself as a tennis player.''' ,'''Every time there was a shiny car, my mum must have worried it was the welfare people coming for her kids. We had no idea.''' ,'''I've always had an obsession with rackets.''' ,'''I don't know whether I'm half, quarter or what. I just know I'm aboriginal.''' ,'''I'll get married when I'm sick of tennis.''' ,'''I like to be nervous, as I push myself harder.''' ,'''Of course, I'm trying to be No. 1.''' ,'''What happened to equal opportunity? Not just in tennis, but everything. It's something that Billie Jean King fought for and she played Bobby Riggs for that, and beat him.''' ,'''I can't wear the same outfit twice without washing it. And tennis is a grueling occupation.''' ,'''About three months after I had Kelly, I went and played in Canada. I felt great, I was ready to go and I was very energetic. But as soon as I started playing, I thought 'no, too soon.' I went back home and slept for two days.''' ,'''I have won a few trophies in my time but I have never had a major event name their trophy after me.''' ,'''I hope that I am helping to create an understanding and an awareness of what happened to the Aboriginal people.''' ,'''Anyway, when I get sorta tense and start thinking about every shot, that's when my game falls apart.''' ,'''I'm just tired of having to say 'cheese' all the time for the press.''' ,'''A man could and would wipe me off the court. I really feel that the male is naturally superior to the female in all endeavors.''' ,'''I play better if the matches are tight.''' ,'''I remember I hadn't bought anything for my Mum for Christmas and I actually won an iron, so I was excited that I could take that home for her.''' ,'''Racism is about education. Racism is ignorance.''' ,'''I can't explain why I play belter when I am down. It's the challenge I suppose.''' ,'''There are about 100 Aboriginal communities in Australia, and I'm trying to visit as many as possible to learn as much as I can.''' ,'''The white explorers had been my heroes. The Aborigines, I thought they were real savages. That was what I'd been taught and that's what I believed.''' ,'''When you say sorry it creates a better working relationship.''' ,'''In 1971, big tournaments were very new to me. I just thought Wimbledon was one of the other tournaments.''' ,'''When I went through some racism through my early days and I went back and told Mum... she said, 'Don't worry about that, they're just ignorant.'''' ,]
+++