+++
author = "Kristen Bell"
title = "Kristen Bell Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Kristen Bell Quotes"
keywords = "kristen bell,kristen bell quotes,kristen bell quote,kristen bell sayings,kristen bell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm very used to playing the tomboy or the sarcastic cynic. That's my go-to. Playing the vulnerable of a real girl that's in real womanlike situations, where it's romanticized, I'm a little nervous about it.''' ,'''I loved Catholic school. I didn't like being beeped at by old pervs at the gas station because I was wearing a plaid skirt, though. It's like, do you think I'm going to stop and give you my phone number?''' ,'''All girls hit that phase where they like the bad boy. I grew out of that really young and I have a wonderful guy in my life who's not a bad boy at all. I like the satiric, consistent nice guy.''' ,'''When I see something unjust, I have to intervene - it's hard for me to watch the underdog suffer.''' ,'''I'm not recognized very often, and if I am, it's a die-hard Veronica Mars fan. Which is usually flattering and an honor. I really try not to think about it.''' ,'''I've always been a serial monogamist.''' ,'''I have friends who wear Star Wars costumes and act like the characters all day. I may not be that deep into it, but there's something great about loving what you love and not caring if it's unpopular.''' ,'''Every woman in her late 20s goes through a period where she just doesn't believe love is out there anymore, but it is. And I think the minute you stop looking for it is when it comes for you.''' ,'''I'm a geek who loves fashion. There's been a reinvention of the word geek. It means being passionate about anything that's under the radar or sort of frowned upon, like Comic-Con.''' ,'''I don't want to be pigeonholed into doing just romantic comedies. But they're fun, and especially for women, it's nice to go to see them and enjoy that breath of fresh air.''' ,'''I can rock out anything. I mean, I can rock out a little 'Time After Time'. I can do a little 'Grease Lightning'. It depends on the mood, but we do go karaoke, my friends and I in Los Angeles, and it's a lot of fun.''' ,'''I find it almost comforting to count calories, because it makes me conscious of what I'm eating. But on Super Bowl Sunday, I thought, 'Surrender to it. It's nacho time.' Then I ate nothing but Doritos all day.''' ,'''I'm empathetic to a fault. I really do - embarrassingly enough - tear up when someone squishes a bug in front of me.''' ,'''What was previously perceived as nerdy is now viewed as original. What I like about nerdiness, geekiness, is it doesn't really matter what you're into - it just means you're not a follower.''' ,'''I have the best roommates in the world! It creates a fun sense of family... and that's really important to me. Things can get so lonely without it.''' ,'''I'm not a risk taker. I don't do plunging necklines or really short skirts. I try to stay as classy as possible and provide a little mystery.''' ,'''I pushed myself way too hard during the first year of Veronica Mars and I got moody and run-down. Now I'll go to bed early instead of going out with friends. It's not always the most fun option, but I know I need at least eight hours of sleep to feel balanced.''' ,'''I'm not going to become anybody I don't want to become.''' ,'''I've got more junk in the trunk than most 5-foot-1 blonde girls, and I like it.''' ,'''Something magical happened when I turned 25 - I looked in the mirror and was like, 'You might not get carded for an R-rated movie anymore.' Like I didn't have a little stick figure anymore.''' ,'''I have always been an animal lover. I had a hard time disassociating the animals I cuddled with - dogs and cats, for example - from the animals on my plate, and I never really cared for the taste of meat. I always loved my Brussels sprouts.''' ,'''I've been very lucky in the characters I've chosen. Up until last year I was a nobody. I did jobs I booked because I needed to put food in my mouth.''' ,'''There are so few strong roles for women, especially young women. And Veronica is very serious but also very likable. She's a lone wolf, and it appeals to people that she isn't rich and doesn't have a lot of friends. No posse. She's just like you, like most of us.''' ,'''I'm carded for R-rated movies. And I get talked down to a lot. When I try to go rent a car or buy an airplane ticket or other stuff adults do, I get 'Okaaaaaay, honey.' I remember when I was 18, getting crayons in a restaurant.''' ,'''I'm not in the business of becoming famous. And that's the advice I give to younger aspiring actors. Work onstage and do the little roles. In the end it's not important to be seen. It's important to do. There's a lot of disappointment in this business, but my family keeps me grounded.''' ,'''I don't like staying in hotels. I like to be in my own bed. San Diego as a city is really awesome. The only hard part of it for me is that I'm away from my family and my house. But as far as shooting down there, we get amazing locations, and the crew is really, really stellar down there. They are really fun.''' ,'''I love nerds. Comic-Con junkies are the tastemakers of tomorrow. Isn't that funny? The tables have turned.''' ,'''This is not to be cocky, but, I go over real well at Comic-Con. I've done quite a few Comic-Cons, and I enjoy the hell out of them. They are so much fun, and so bizarre. I've done the FX Show in Florida, Wizard-World in Chicago, Comic-Con in San Diego, Wonder-Con in San Francisco, the Comic-Con in New York, and I've done them numerous times.''' ,'''I have the mouth of a sailor.''' ,'''I rarely wear clothes when I'm home by myself. I love making breakfast naked. But you've got to make sure the gardener's not coming that day.''' ,'''I'm more of a homebody. I'm constantly asked: 'Why don't we see you out?' But that's not what drives me. I prefer to have people over - which I do a lot, because I bought a house that's way too big for me, and four of my friends live there.''' ,'''Detroit, the heart of the country... I grew up on 10 Mile, 2 miles better than 8 Mile.''' ,'''I'm an awful driver. I'm not going to lie about it. I'm not a good driver. I tried for a long time to pretend that I was. There's a lot of road rage and a lot of times it's directed at something I've done on the road.''' ,'''I'm not homely enough to play the nerdy girl and not nearly pretty enough to play the pretty girl.''' ,'''I loved Veronica right off the bat. She was so strong and I think it is so important because there are so few shows that portray women, especially young women, as being strong and being able to stand up for themselves.''' ,]
+++