+++
author = "James Dashner"
title = "James Dashner Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 James Dashner Quotes"
keywords = "james dashner,james dashner quotes,james dashner quote,james dashner sayings,james dashner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't think anything's more rewarding than hearing that you've helped someone gain a love of reading.''' ,'''I really love middle-grade. Middle-grade books have a little more of a magical, light-hearted feel. You can be a little bit more quirky, you can have a little more humor. It doesn't get so dark and deep.''' ,'''In my early writing, all of my characters were exactly the same person. They all spoke the same, made the same types of jokes, reacted the same, etc. I think they were all just me in disguise.''' ,'''I think Judy Blume, Stephen King, and Dean Koontz are the three authors responsible for my being where I am today. I owe them a lot.''' ,'''I'm inspired by almost everything I come across in life, and one way or another they find themselves sneaking into my stories.''' ,'''Never give up. Laugh a lot. Be good to others.''' ,'''I've always been fascinated by quantum physics and the possibility of alternate realities.''' ,'''You'll work hard to create characters that are compelling and unforgettable. But in the end, it's the story that matters.''' ,'''Down the road a bit, I would like to write a couple of stand-alone adult novels, especially in the horror genre. I've got lots of things up my sleeve.''' ,'''Don't ever let the other stuff get in the way of your inherent skills as a kick-butt storyteller. Move the reader, make them happy and sad and excited and scared. Make them stare into space after they've put the book down, thinking about the tale that's become a part of them.''' ,'''To practice - write each and every day if possible - then try to attend professional writer's conferences where you can learn your craft, get to know fellow writers, and meet editors and agents.''' ,'''I've always had high ambitions and aspirations.''' ,'''When I'm feeling a little empty in the head, I like to go see movies or read to loosen things up there.''' ,'''Be unpredictable, be real, be interesting. Tell a good story.''' ,]
+++