+++
author = "Madhura Naik"
title = "Madhura Naik Quotes"
quotes_len = "48"
description = "the best 48 Madhura Naik Quotes"
keywords = "madhura naik,madhura naik quotes,madhura naik quote,madhura naik sayings,madhura naik saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Indian men need to break the typical mentality. I've lived abroad and now that I'm here, I see a huge difference.''' ,'''Artists need to be valued. Many of our shows are re-run in other countries. In Hollywood, if a show is being re-run, artists are paid royalty.''' ,'''My fitness idol is a sports personality and a young racer, Arman Ibrahim. He is very fit and he was also my partner in the TV show Fear Factor.'''' ,'''I strongly believe in work ethics and when certain people do not follow the procedures, I'd rather step back and weigh my options.''' ,'''Technology has spoiled me and I'm so dependent on it that I do not even remember my mother's mobile number! And I used my phone not just for the calls but all my selfies and notes and reminders and as a GPS locator as I'm a frequent traveller.''' ,'''I have been blessed with a family, mother especially, who started buying me fancy shoes from the time I took baby steps.''' ,''''Tenali Rama' is one of the most popular shows on Indian Television and it feels great working in the show.''' ,'''My mother has learnt classical singing from renowned artiste Druba Ghosh at Sangeet Mahabharati, a music school. During my vacations, my father would sent me to this same school.''' ,'''Later when I was in Mithibai College, Mumbai, I was a singer for a rock band.''' ,'''Lucknow is a city of love and I am really desperate to know more of what Lucknow is really about.''' ,'''In India, you get typecast so easily!''' ,'''I've always liked horror films, but I have discovered that shooting for scenes in which you play a spirit is not easy.''' ,'''It's reassuring to have people acknowledge the fact that I can be versatile.''' ,'''I was tired of playing a ghost.''' ,'''There's nothing more annoying than losing your phone, but this happened to me not once or twice, but three times in a row!''' ,'''Cinderella is living proof that a pair of shoes can change your life, so I buy many pairs.''' ,'''I am hoping that they come up with some new technology where you can track down your phone even after it's switched off.''' ,'''While the fashion in Paris is very chic and classy, the fashion in Hong Kong is very hip, young and colorful.''' ,'''My back and shoulders are my strengths. They are well-toned and do not require too much of maintenance.''' ,'''In fact, I learnt Hindi over a period of time after I started doing TV shows.''' ,'''Whatever I am today is because of my directors. Without their sheer hard work on me, I wouldn't be an actor.''' ,'''I remember I went to Pune and bought an old bike and modified it. After that I started learning to ride from a friend, practicing in my backyard.''' ,'''My waist can be a problem area every now and then if I get irregular at the gym. So I make sure that I visit the gym and go for a run regularly.''' ,'''I love bags, shoes and have around 20 pairs of shoes and 10 bags from different brands.''' ,'''I still have my feet on the ground; it's just that I wear expensive shoes.''' ,'''I remember one day, Ekta Kapoor came to the set and scolded me that you don't know how to act, why did we cast you'? She asked me to stay on the set till I learnt the technique of correct dialogue delivery. At that time I felt very humiliated.''' ,'''I was shooting for two Balaji shows, Kayamath' and Kis Desh Mein Hai Mera Dil,' in Mumbai. I was tired working round the clock.''' ,'''It is great to be cast in a positive character.''' ,'''I love winter and can't wait to get into my winter clothes which are usually impossible to wear in Mumbai.''' ,'''We were shooting in a French island called La Reunion. One of my crew members gifted me free-diving equipment and took me to the waters on my day off. I spotted sharks and species of fish which can't be found elsewhere. It was a very refreshing experience for me.''' ,'''Indian men need all the tips they possibly can get.''' ,'''I like to vary my workouts as doing just one thing gets monotonous and I get bored.''' ,'''Just because a girl wears short skirts and smokes and drinks, she's not easy!''' ,'''I love to travel and see new places.''' ,'''I have always been inclined towards art, but hadn't painted in a long time. I restarted it during the lockdown, by making a sketch with an ink pen on a drawing sheet.''' ,'''I started learning to ride a bike when I was 18.''' ,'''I am a shopaholic, I hit the malls and shops whenever I feel low or bored.''' ,'''A lot of our contracts state that it is a 90-day credit period, but why? You work in any company, you get paid in a monthly basis. Why does an actor have to wait for 90-days?''' ,'''My first show 'Kahe Naa Kahe' was such a big challenge for me.''' ,'''I am a hug-and-kiss person.''' ,'''Metallica is my favorite band.''' ,'''As far as food goes, I enjoy warm dumplings and soups in winters.''' ,'''Well, it definitely comes as a challenge to act as enemies onscreen when you bond with the opposite person very well off-screen.''' ,'''Style is being comfortable in what you wear and it's also about constantly experimenting with your look.''' ,'''I am really very fond of Indian classical music though I have spent my teenage years in Bahrain.''' ,'''In Delhi or elsewhere, I love wearing overcoats, boots and fur coats. Fur is my favourite.''' ,'''Anytime I get an offer where set is located at such far-off place, I avoid. It leaves me with no personal time.''' ,'''Every actor while shooting might have got injured during the shoot, and the same happened with me but I continued with work.''' ,]
+++