+++
author = "Trippie Redd"
title = "Trippie Redd Quotes"
quotes_len = "48"
description = "the best 48 Trippie Redd Quotes"
keywords = "trippie redd,trippie redd quotes,trippie redd quote,trippie redd sayings,trippie redd saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''No artist that beefs with me or talks down on my name has that many platinum songs. They're all gold.''' ,'''I did alternative rock before. That's why my style is the way it is now.''' ,'''Me, I'm trying to sound like me. I don't be trying to sound like somebody.''' ,'''I want to make my own animes.''' ,'''If I die and I gotta couple Grammys on me, more than a couple hits on me, I got some plaques and I got billboards still up and I done touched a lot of people's souls and I'm viral, once that happen then you can judge all you want.''' ,'''I want to be an actor.''' ,'''I will always do something new.''' ,'''Don't worry about what other people say, you could be doing what they're doing or even better than them.''' ,'''I like my phone. My phone makes magic happen.''' ,'''I want Grammys.''' ,'''I don't really care what type of beat it is. As long as it appeals to my ear, I'm gonna do a song to it.''' ,'''Believe or not, love me or hate me, YoungBoy is Tupac, man.''' ,'''Anything Drake drops is timeless. It's always timeless, it's always lit.''' ,'''I can rap, I can sing, I can do whatever, you know what I'm saying? I can do rock.''' ,'''I wanna prevail at everything.''' ,'''No matter if you like it or not, you could hate Drake, he always says stuff that everybody can relate to. Facts.''' ,'''I just love movies.''' ,'''One thing I'm not going to do is change up anything. Like, I'm always gonna be me.''' ,'''I'm not emo. I've never been emo.''' ,'''I have a real spiritual family.''' ,'''I would put LeBron on a track.''' ,'''Erykah Badu - she's timeless, that's my second mom.''' ,'''Kanye on the track and LeBron. That's fire.''' ,'''I love scars.''' ,'''I really just blend like rock, R&B and rap together to create a sub-genre, but it's very versatile.''' ,'''Watch The Throne' is my favorite project. The production, the way they carried themselves, it's amazing.''' ,'''I want to accomplish something for myself and set a bar for myself, for somebody to be like, 'Damn, Trippie legendary. He did such and such.'''' ,'''It's not about what hits Billboard or how many views you got on a video. It's about copies sold. It's about streams, you know?''' ,'''I listen to a lot of the people that use Auto-tune.''' ,'''All I do is get better.''' ,'''You got a problem with me, pull up.''' ,'''I honestly just live in Trippie Redd's world. I don't live in America... I ain't finna live anywhere else but America.''' ,'''I could blow up from making a beat or I could blow up from making a song.''' ,'''If Chief Keef can run around and say he's 300, I'm definitely 1400.''' ,'''Me and my friends made a group called 1400 and the number always stuck with me. I always see it everywhere I go. There's an angel behind the number, it's an angelic number.''' ,'''Love Scars' blew up pretty fast.''' ,'''I do very versatile music.''' ,'''I want to make my own Netflix originals.''' ,'''I worked at Little Caesar's for about two days, bro. I was out. That's the only job I've ever had.''' ,'''If I live and breath something, I might as well show everybody what I live and breath.''' ,'''Get whatever tattoos you want, just make sure they mean something at least.''' ,'''My favorite thing from Taco Bell is the Doritos Locos Tacos Supreme.''' ,'''I'm really an artist. I really do this. I don't need the money. It doesn't matter to me.''' ,'''There is no time where I feel like I will fall off. I feel like I will always last.''' ,'''Music took me from a real dark place to a real bright one.''' ,'''My mom was real into like a lot of different musical artists, real artists, even back when Jay-Z and Beyonce was together.''' ,'''I do stuff on my own, I think for myself, and I've always looked out for others.''' ,'''I believe in the Devil. I believe there's a God, too. I met God at church - the Catholic Church.''' ,]
+++