+++
author = "Amy Childs"
title = "Amy Childs Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Amy Childs Quotes"
keywords = "amy childs,amy childs quotes,amy childs quote,amy childs sayings,amy childs saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always have loved reality programmes. 'Big Brother,' 'I'm A Celebrity,' they're my guilty pleasure.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of 'Geordie Shore.' I watch it, and it's just my guilty pleasure. I sit there and can't believe what they are like. However, I have met all the girls, and they are lovely.''' ,'''Abbey Clancy is incredible. I saw a picture of her in a white suit recently, and she looked amazing. Victoria Beckham always looks classy, and I like Coleen Rooney's style too.''' ,'''When I go on holiday, I wear wedges. They accentuate your leg, honey, and you have to look good on the beach.''' ,'''I need to tone up, as I eat a lot of fast food. I love Maccy D's, Subway and Domino's.''' ,'''I just wanted to be myself and that's why I chose to do 'Big Brother,' because I wanted everyone to see the real Amy Childs.''' ,'''I was always behind in class. There was people in my class who was amazing at art, amazing at maths, amazing at English, but I wasn't clever with anything, even though I tried my hardest.''' ,'''I don't like to look too 'done' - I prefer to look more natural.''' ,'''When it comes to designer, you can't beat Victoria Beckham. I love her stuff.''' ,'''I train hard Monday to Friday. I'll do weights and cardio in the gym most mornings and do a spinning class, too.''' ,'''I've worked so hard for years, and it's just incredible to see my clothes in Dorothy Perkins. I got quite emotional at the launch.''' ,'''I love 'Made In Chelsea,' and I think it's a great show.''' ,'''I always wanted to have my own boutiques. I'm so passionate about clothing and always have been so business-minded.''' ,'''It was a lot of hard work, but everyone loved my Amy Childs' Collection, so I decided to have a boutique as well as my salon. I love designing my own dresses, and everyone is loving the collection. I can't believe how well the boutique and the clothing online is going.''' ,'''I've got a personal trainer, and I train three times a week.''' ,'''When I have had a long day at work, I want something to watch that is funny, lighthearted and easy to get into, and reality is that. I'm not really into serious programmes or documentaries.''' ,]
+++