+++
author = "Eric Mccormack"
title = "Eric Mccormack Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Eric Mccormack Quotes"
keywords = "eric mccormack,eric mccormack quotes,eric mccormack quote,eric mccormack sayings,eric mccormack saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''This 'historical record' will exist, flawed as it is, in hundreds of years. What will that tell the future? How accurate are we reporting our lives?''' ,'''I like playing a character every day. I like having something to go back to. I always enjoyed that with 'Will & Grace.' I like the camaraderie. I like having a crew that I know and I can work with every day.''' ,'''I needed to start pulling at this other sort of funnier, lighter side. So I auditioned for everything. I auditioned for 'Friends,' even.''' ,'''I find that with every script I get, I go, 'Who knew this? This is so cool!'''' ,'''I didn't want to do a lawyer. I didn't want to do forensics. I didn't want to work in an ER.''' ,'''Growing up, my father was a financial analyst for an oil company. He was just a regular dad. And when I would say, 'Hey, come see my play,' he'd say, 'Sure.' He'd see one, 'Oh, good play' - you know, very typical dad reaction.''' ,'''Mental illness is the last frontier. The gay thing is part of everyday life now on a show like 'Modern Family,' but mental illness is still full of stigma. Maybe it is time for that to change.''' ,'''Will Truman will be on my epitaph, but as an actor, I have to challenge myself.''' ,'''It's a different world now. Guest-starring on a TV show is not some indication that things aren't going right anymore.''' ,'''It's very, very hard to create something that is big these days because you have niche markets - and, you don't necessarily need to be big; the show is specifically created for a small group of people. You know, if it's on the USA network, well, then a small group of people is fine.''' ,'''We're definitely hoping 'Travelers' attracts more than just solely the sci-fi audience, too. There are so many elements here. I think this will be a show that women like, because there's a lot of unlikely romance in it between people who were in love 300 years from now, but they're in different bodies.''' ,'''I've had to take roles that on purpose were not Will-like so that someone like 'The Hollywood Reporter' would write, 'McCormack shows great range; no Will Truman here.'''' ,'''I love everybody at TNT, and they were totally behind 'Trust Me.' I totally loved that show. I feel like it should have had more life.''' ,'''My second year of Ryerson, I still lived at my folks' place. I went to the attic to find some prop for a play I was doing. And I found a scrapbook dedicated to my father's years at Ryerson as an actor. He never mentioned it.''' ,'''I feel like 'Travelers' is something I can legitimately say, 'You're going to love this.' I think then people will accept me as a different thing. And if they don't, it's fun trying.''' ,'''My wife is a real camper; it's a nice way to bond.''' ,'''You're damned in success a little bit.''' ,'''I think we all realize that anyone can - and has - gotten AIDS. So there's obviously still a lot to be done.''' ,'''If you're doing an hour-long show, you're working movie hours, doing a 12-15-hour day. We work three or four hours a day, and get every third or fourth week off to give the writers time to write. It's the cushiest job in Hollywood.''' ,'''Shelter dogs should be adopted into loving homes, not used in cruel experiments. That's why I support the Cruelty Free International global dog campaign.''' ,'''When you become a father, everything changes.''' ,'''I'm an actor. I can't afford to have a type. I love to mix it up.''' ,'''As a television actor, there's a power you're given to use your image to do something valuable. As a parent, these messages are particularly important to me.''' ,'''Monk's gone, and House is gone. Maybe I can pick up where they left off.''' ,'''I have accomplished a lot, but it didn't happen overnight for me. I was 35 when I got the show, and had been working professionally for 15 years. It would be a lot weirder if I were in my early 20s and stumbled into it.''' ,'''I'm doing a very funny show in which we talk about issues. I speak at Aids charities and things. It's great to do something fun with our days and yet we're told we're doing something important.''' ,'''My first job was at Baskin-Robbins. I made store manager at 16.''' ,'''I hope that dog lovers around the world will support the Cruelty Free International global campaign to end the use of dogs in outdated and cruel experiments.''' ,'''I think most actors go into the business thinking, 'I can play everything. Why can't I play a black woman? Just give me a chance.' Then you grow up and realize it's probably better that they cast an actual black woman.''' ,'''I had played many gay characters before, but they were finite - guest characters in TV shows or characters in plays.''' ,'''I started to realise that it wasn't for me. Perhaps I didn't have to give my Hamlet before I died, that the world might be an OK place without my Hamlet, in fact.''' ,'''Each one of us fulfills a piece of a larger puzzle.''' ,'''Putting my head on Ruth Buzzi's body - it's upsetting.''' ,'''There was a time when history was written by a few people, the winners. Now, history is written by all of us all the time... That's the thing we keep telling our 14-year-olds, you know: anything you do right now, it's not going anywhere.''' ,'''I never felt cool growing up. I was a bit of an outsider, but I discovered theatre very early on, which got me through.''' ,'''You can write your own history.''' ,'''But I was ready for it and I knew I could do it. I've just turned 40, I have a son and I feel more settled and driven than ever. I think my 40s will be my most prolific time. It's a very rare life you get to lead as a sitcom guy.''' ,'''There wasn't an episode of 'Will & Grace' that didn't begin with my voice saying, 'Will & Grace' is taped before a live studio audience.''' ,'''I loved working with Cary Elwes, who is in 'The Princess Bride', one of my favorite films. He's a great guy.''' ,'''I understudied Colm Feore quite a bit in '85 and '86 - 'Persephone' and 'The Boys from Syracuse,' too - and that was great, great training for me. He was and he is an amazing theatre actor.''' ,'''I did my first musical in 4th grade as Huck Finn. By 11th grade, I was starring in 'Godspell' and 'Pippin' and pretending to be Che in 'Evita' in my bedroom. Singing has always been a huge part of me.''' ,'''I always kind of dreamed locally - I never really ever dream that I would be south of the border; I dreamed about being a theatre star in Toronto, and maybe I'd do Stratford and regional stuff. I always thought it would be a slow growth.''' ,'''I would come home with my friend Bill, and we would sit and watch 'Get Smart.' And I was Agent 44, and he was Agent 85. And it was a fantastic - and all we wanted to do was sleep with Barbara Feldon.''' ,'''If we're karaoke-ing, I'm as likely to do Aerosmith as I am 'Sweeney Todd'.''' ,'''Certainly 'Lonesome Dove' would be way hard now, because, I mean, back then I wasn't married. I didn't have kids.''' ,'''When I read the script for Will & Grace in 1998, I knew I was the only guy for the part.''' ,'''Most people, if you live in a big city, you see some form of schizophrenia every day, and it's always in the form of someone homeless. 'Look at that guy - he's crazy. He looks dangerous.' Well, he's on the streets because of mental illness. He probably had a job and a home.''' ,'''I knew I wanted to be an actor in first grade.''' ,'''On Netflix and other streaming services, they're taking risks that are based on 'Come with us! Come with us!' and the audience does.''' ,'''In the future, things will truncate! No, in the age of Twitter, we can't be upset when words become shorter.''' ,'''I saw 'Othello' with Christopher Plummer and James Earl Jones.''' ,'''The States doesn't think much about Canada, but we're attached. We're like Siamese twins. We can't do things - you can't roll over in the American bed without waking up the Canadians. It matters.''' ,'''Every day, there's something that makes you go, 'Is this Funny or Die?' That can't be a real headline.''' ,'''My most romantic job: I was a manager at Baskin-Robbins.''' ,'''The vote is the important thing. Just go and vote.''' ,'''Not a big sci-fi guy.''' ,'''Will isn't a screaming queen - that's Jack's part. They needed someone to play the part for America. It's just not the same as Britain. To have a gay character as a lead is risky.''' ,'''I'm torn about late parenting. I believe people should spend their twenties living and having fun and not having any regrets later. I also think people in their thirties generally make better parents but so many of my friends are having trouble - myself included - as fathers get older.''' ,'''I'm still mad at Josh Charles for dying on 'The Good Wife.'''' ,'''I did a film a couple years ago called 'Who Is Clark Rockefeller?' It was a role that I was really proud of that I wish more people could go back and rediscover.''' ,'''I'm still a kid. I stretched it out.''' ,'''I was raised on 'Get Smart' and 'All in the Family' and 'M.A.S.H.,' and certainly when 'Cheers' came along, that was a big one.''' ,'''I could probably eat sushi every day.''' ,'''We see people talking to themselves all the time. We always have. Particularly if they're homeless people or at all questionable, there's a sense of, 'That guy's crazy!' I see that now with a much more empathetic eye.''' ,'''I always get a little uppity when I hear the phrase 'TV actor.' It's like saying you're a magazine reporter. I was in the theater for ten years before I ever had a TV audition.''' ,'''I did 'The Commish' and an episode of 'Neon Rider,' and then I got the series called 'Street Justice,' which I ended up doing about 18 episodes of.''' ,'''Tom Cavanagh is fantastic.''' ,'''We want all LGBTQ kids to grow up in a world where they feel safe and equal to their straight peers.''' ,'''I know where TNT's sweet spot is, and when I read 'Perception,' I thought, 'This is a chance to play a fascinating, fun, challenging character but still within the realm of something that will sit very well with 'The Closer' and 'Major Crimes' and the other shows there.'''' ,'''The Trevor Project provides crisis-intervention and suicide-prevention services to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and questioning teens and young adults. It's truly a lifeline to so many young people who just need someone to listen to them.''' ,'''That was the only trepidation I had about 'Will & Grace.' It had nothing to do with the sexuality of the character. It was more, 'This could be the next 7 to 10 years of my life.'''' ,'''It's hard in this business to get the opportunities to show off range.''' ,'''We didn't, with 'Will & Grace,' set out to change the gay world. We just set out to be funny.''' ,'''Back when I was in theater school, trying to figure out what I was going to do with my life, 'Sweeney Todd' was a huge touchstone for me, my favorite musical for sure.''' ,'''I do love the stage, and that is incredibly rewarding.''' ,'''I'm not sure sometimes if it was because Will was gay or it was a sitcom. But that combination does make it hard to become the new lead on the 'Sopranos.'''' ,'''I think I was very lucky that I didn't get well-known until my early thirties. If it had happened when I was younger, you might have seen me falling out of nightclubs. I think I conducted myself as a much better human being because I was already married when all that came along (I got married five months after I got the role as Will).''' ,'''I think it's about finding the character you want to play and the people you want to work with.''' ,'''Particularly in television, we can stereotype ourselves. You realize that we all have a lot of voices in our head. We have angry voices, we have voices of doubt, and we have moments of strength.''' ,'''I think there's a certain objectivity that comes from being Canadian. You're partly British and partly American; you have a good bird's-eye view of both countries. So much of the comedy that comes out of Canada is impersonation - it's less 'look at me' than it is 'look at me playing other people.'''' ,'''That's the hard part of television: When you walk into the network tests, you're signing away seven years of your life.''' ,'''I have to challenge the audience.''' ,'''If you can last long enough, in success, you have to get really creative and come up with new stuff.''' ,'''That's an amazing feeling, to walk onstage, and you're not thinking about anything, you're not thinking about your lines or what you're supposed to do - your body, your brain knows, so there's freedom. There's not fear, there's not nerves.''' ,'''I love learning language and ideas that I didn't know before and making them sound like my own.''' ,'''Unfortunately, with men's health, we don't talk about it enough, and prostate cancer gets lost in the conversation.''' ,'''At home in L.A., Sunday is lazy. It's the wife and me lying in bed with coffee, watching 'The Soup' or something funny on TiVo. The kid will occasionally join us. Eventually, breakfast is at a place down the street called Paty's. And we always have some kind of great dinner - my wife makes a great roast beef.''' ,'''I haven't had a chance to play a quiet leading man in a while.''' ,'''Show-wise, I love 'Little Shop' and 'Big River', 'Avenue Q,' and 'Spring Awakening'.''' ,'''When I was 16, I'd ping pong between AC/DC and Barry Manilow without any sense of irony.''' ,'''Probably one of the most surreal moments of my career was acting in front of Notre Dame with a mime.''' ,'''Because I had three years on 'Perception,' I think I succeeded in showing I can do other things, and I can create a different audience, even from people who loved 'Will & Grace.'''' ,'''It's very strange - several years ago, I was in the running for the 'Young Frankenstein' musical. Kristin Chenoweth was going to do it, but then she backed out because she got 'Pushing Daisies' on TV, and then, the next day, I went in for my final-final audition, and I saw Megan Mullally standing there.''' ,'''With these scripts and these writers, so much of it is done for me. Because we don't just throw words around: we make sure the audience understands.''' ,'''I love playing anyone that does stuff that I don't do.''' ,''''Perception' was a different show than 'Will & Grace'. 'Will & Grace' was obviously a different show than anything I'd done before.''' ,'''As I got older, I realized that my life experience, what I really had, was always going to be more valuable than what I pretended to have.''' ,'''As much as I loved Pacino and De Niro and wanted to be a dramatic actor, I also grew up on sitcoms. I grew up on 'M*A*S*H' and 'All In The Family' and 'Cheers.' And then around this time - this would have been '95, '96 - I was so into 'Friends' and 'Mad About You,' the idea of being on a sitcom became a very real thing that I wanted.''' ,]
+++