+++
author = "Alex Sharp"
title = "Alex Sharp Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Alex Sharp Quotes"
keywords = "alex sharp,alex sharp quotes,alex sharp quote,alex sharp sayings,alex sharp saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always found it hard to do what I'm told - I'm not very good at conforming.''' ,'''It was always my dream to live in New York.''' ,'''I just feel it's a shame to let fear get in your way and stop you achieving things.''' ,'''I don't like doing things that are easy!''' ,'''I was really interested in observing people. From a young age, I wouldn't listen to what an adult was saying - I was obsessed with other people's body language.''' ,'''I played a very complex, multidimensional character - Piglet in 'Winnie-the-Pooh' - at age 7 in England.''' ,'''My education was seeing and touching the world. I would read about the history of a castle with my mother - who was a teacher, so she home-schooled me - and then she would take me to the castle, and we would climb on it, and then I'd write creatively about it that night.''' ,'''I think controversy is an interesting thing in that it usually goes hand in hand with starting conversations that surround taboo or under-discussed topics that need to be discussed and need to be less in the shadows, in my opinion.''' ,'''I haven't felt anchored my entire life. But I kind of like it.''' ,'''When I entered normal school, it was hard for me to adjust sometimes. I was so unused to just sitting down in a classroom and copying off the board - simple things.''' ,'''Broadway doesn't pay that much.''' ,'''I've been to the Met Ball and the Tonys, but Cannes is particularly huge. Every time at these big events, it's just - whoa. Because at the end of the day, I'm a guy from Devonshire who grew up on a farm who loves his dog.''' ,'''To give a good interview, I often found it's a bit like acting, except it's yourself, so you have to be yourself.''' ,''''To the Bone' is autobiographical. It's written and directed by a woman; it's starring all women, apart from me and Keanu, who are in lesser parts, and it's produced by women.''' ,'''That's what I'm drawn to: playing characters that are completely different.''' ,'''I've grown as an actor. I am more confident within my art form. I have also grown as a person. I am more compassionate, generous, and less judgmental.''' ,'''As an actor, you spend years getting ready for an opportunity to arise, and when it does, you're ready for it.''' ,'''Be less afraid to be different.''' ,'''You can do a good job when you play it safe, but you can't do a spectacular job. You have to risk it and be in danger of looking like an absolute fool.''' ,'''Elle Fanning is my official stylist. If I'm buying a pair of sneakers or a suit, I just do what she tells me to do. She's my red carpet expert.''' ,'''I might not have been academically gifted - I was bad at maths, and science was a struggle - but I was good at English literature and became hooked on theatre.''' ,'''At school, I had to work really hard to get a D in maths. And I wasn't slacking off; I actually did work quite hard.''' ,'''I'm very good at reading people - and very bad at math.''' ,'''I'm pretty careful about making sure that when I choose to do something, it's for the right reasons and that I really connect with it and care about it. So if the right musical came along, yes, I would totally do it!''' ,'''I'm interested in so many different things and art forms.''' ,'''It was nice to have a break from acting - there's a lot more to life than acting. And that's important - to be a good actor, you have to know that and to live that.''' ,'''Darren Criss is a legend.''' ,'''I'm not good at picking people up, I'd rather just get to know someone. I'm not an 'opening line' kind of guy; it's not really my scene. But at school, I was good at talking to girls. I wasn't good at making moves, though.''' ,'''Acting is a different beast on screen. I'm excited to explore that. But, of course, it's an honor to be part of the Broadway community. It's a dream just to be here.''' ,'''Coming out of Juilliard, I honestly was expecting and willing to be breaking my neck, hustling, and being unemployed for a decade, two decades. I was gritting my teeth, but I was so down to do that.''' ,'''I can be rather obsessive - especially when it comes to breaking through to the next level as an actor.''' ,'''I'm saving money like there's no tomorrow because, when I was at Juilliard, I had so little. They gave me a full scholarship because I didn't come from a wealthy family or anything.''' ,'''We all feel at some point of our lives that we're different, that we don't fit in.''' ,'''When you start a conversation about something that is under-discussed and you use art to convey it, I think that is incredibly powerful but is always going to create waves.''' ,'''Sometimes you catch people's eyes during the show, which is horrible and awkward. I can always see the people in the front row, and sometimes you get people who are fast asleep. Maybe they had a long day at work, but that's an expensive nap.''' ,'''I spent the first seven years of my life in a caravan traveling around Europe and the United States because my parents were just obsessed with traveling.''' ,'''As an actor, I've been taught to just stay with your scene partner, and whatever they do, let it affect you, be spontaneous.''' ,'''I got rejected from all the good drama schools first time.''' ,]
+++