+++
author = "Michael Eklund"
title = "Michael Eklund Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Michael Eklund Quotes"
keywords = "michael eklund,michael eklund quotes,michael eklund quote,michael eklund sayings,michael eklund saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think every actor has their list of roles that were near misses. I've had my share. I was very close and almost cast in Philip Seymour Hoffman's 'Capote.'''' ,'''Making a movie takes a toll on your life because it's a commitment, so you put a lot on the back burner.''' ,'''It's what I've always wanted to do and each part you play gets you closer and closer to the roles that you dreamed of playing.''' ,'''The thing is, I never see my characters as psychopaths. I see them as really crippled victims who just happen to do bad things. And I never see them as bad guys; I see them as darker characters. I never see anything as good or bad; it's more light or dark, and the in-between is the grey.''' ,'''Actors sure have stories. We always have stories. At the end of our careers, all we have to take with us is our stories, and we have many of them.''' ,'''I've had a couple of people come up to me after screenings and say they kind of sympathized with the character. I always get a kick out of it when people say that. It means I did something maybe a little bit to the credit of the character.''' ,'''I do like playing the darker side of life but as much as the lighter side as well. They all resonate out of the same place, which is that everyone has a story to tell. Depending on their upbringing and their history, it determines who they are as an adult. My job is to take the role from there.''' ,'''Every thriller needs a good bad guy; without a bad guy, there's no thriller.''' ,'''I don't follow anything that's said about him much, but the Uwe Boll that I know is just a really cool guy. He's just a really quiet, kind and passionate filmmaker who really believes in what he's doing. Like any director that an actor wants to work with, you want a director who's passionate and believes in the work that he's doing.''' ,'''I like playing characters with internal problems.''' ,'''I think every actor has their list of roles that were near misses. I've had my share.''' ,'''Xavier Gens is probably the busiest filmmaker that I know.''' ,]
+++