+++
author = "Colleen Haskell"
title = "Colleen Haskell Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Colleen Haskell Quotes"
keywords = "colleen haskell,colleen haskell quotes,colleen haskell quote,colleen haskell sayings,colleen haskell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Comedy is so fun. I don't know how these people can make movies and work on them for four months and they're these sob stories. I don't know how emotionally you get through that.''' ,'''I was on a game show and now I'm the game show girl who got a movie. That's how I consider myself.''' ,'''After Survivor, I was driving across country and moving to San Francisco, going to get a job interning at an ad agency. And then they asked me to read for this movie.''' ,'''It's weird when people come up to me and know stuff about my life. That sort of creeps me out.''' ,'''I'm going to Malaysia to try and win a million dollars... how exciting is that?''' ,'''I went camping for 33 days, and now everybody seems to care.''' ,'''Play fair, okay?''' ,'''I just saw Memento. It's very, very good. I watch a lot of French films.''' ,'''This is a job and Survivor is a game show. So, this is something to take seriously and work really hard at.''' ,'''I love graphic design. I love working with design, and I love storytelling, so I've been working on a children's book for a while, and I'd like to see that through.''' ,'''I wish I knew what was next. I got this movie without planning to. I'm really excited to be continuing in film because it's a great job but I have my portfolio and resume for any other opportunity.''' ,'''The worst part was waiting around. Sometimes you are ready at 9 a.m. and you don't start until the afternoon. Occupying your time while you wait is the hardest part of the movie.''' ,'''I still don't consider myself as going Hollywood. I did a movie because the opportunity presented itself and it was fun. When everything stops being fun, I'll go onto something else.''' ,'''I don't know if I'm going to do any more acting. It's a great job, you know? Make a movie? Why not?''' ,'''Comic timing... is how to have a relationship with the camera and deal with the camera without looking like you are.''' ,'''I guess when somebody offers you a movie, you don't say no. That's what I've learned.''' ,'''I don't think I've found the perfect job for me, but I know what I like, so that's halfway there, right?''' ,]
+++