+++
author = "Sheikh Hasina"
title = "Sheikh Hasina Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Sheikh Hasina Quotes"
keywords = "sheikh hasina,sheikh hasina quotes,sheikh hasina quote,sheikh hasina sayings,sheikh hasina saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I devoted myself to the task of welfare of my countrymen - not as a ruler but as a servant.''' ,'''Poverty is the root of all evil.''' ,'''Bangladesh is not a rich country, but we have a big heart.''' ,'''With awareness and a social movement against extremism, we can prevent our children from becoming terrorists.''' ,'''After the liberation of Bangladesh in 1971, primary education was made free. We are now thinking to make education in the public sector free up to graduation level. We are also thinking of providing a light meal at primary and secondary schools in order to increase the student retention level.''' ,'''Dowry is still pervasive and spreading like cancer in the society. Apart from legal sanctions, there should be more social awareness on the issue so that people start to practice what they preach.''' ,'''We will not allow any group to use our soil to launch a terror attack against any other country. Bangladesh is no longer an exporter of terrorism, nor is it a silk route for arms smuggling as it once was.''' ,'''What people want is their basic needs. So I'm trying to help people ensure their basic need: that means food security, healthcare, education, and job opportunity and a better life.''' ,'''I believe in peace. Only peaceful co-existence can ensure peace.''' ,'''It seems to be impossible to hold a credible election without reforming the electoral system.''' ,'''Terrorists have no religion, belief, or race. Having been a target of a number of terrorist attacks myself, I personally empathize with the victims of terrorism and appreciate their need for protection.''' ,'''Maintenance of good relations with the neighbours, friendship to all, malice to none is the policy I pursue throughout my life.''' ,'''I want to ask those who are aiding terror, what do you get by taking innocent lives? Islam is a religion of peace; you are maligning its name.''' ,'''Indiscriminate firing by police on people is absolute barbarism. Instead of solving their problems, the government is trying to suppress the people by force.''' ,'''My childhood was not always a happy one because we had to visit our father in jail, as my father was often imprisoned by the Pakistani rulers.''' ,'''After so many cases of terror attacks related to Islamic militancy remaining unresolved in the last few years, the government has no moral authority to stay in power.''' ,'''My objective is to fulfil the dream of Bangabandhu through building a hunger- and poverty-free Golden Bangladesh being imbued with the spirit of the War of Liberation.''' ,'''It is impossible for Bangladesh alone to take action against the rising sea level, as it has been a cumulative effect of global emission in which Bangladesh does not have any role. It is the responsibility of global community to address this issue as urgently as possible.''' ,]
+++