+++
author = "Bojana Novakovic"
title = "Bojana Novakovic Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Bojana Novakovic Quotes"
keywords = "bojana novakovic,bojana novakovic quotes,bojana novakovic quote,bojana novakovic sayings,bojana novakovic saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I didn't have many friends; I was kind of bullied at school.''' ,'''When 'Friday Night Lights' finished, I cried for a day. I have a problem.''' ,'''I'd have to fight for an Australian role over an American actor, and I already have to do that overseas, so why would I have to do it back at home?''' ,'''I just want choices. It's not about making money and having a lot of friends in Hollywood; that's the last thing I want.''' ,'''What I have a problem with is money and name at the expense of talent and culture.''' ,'''I love inappropriate humour. What else are you going to do? You have to laugh.''' ,'''One actor in my life is enough, and that's me. With actors, it's too easy to go into this world of complaining. Someone will always be better, richer, more loved, do more work. Those dynamics don't interest me. The friends I hang out with, we create our own work rather than complain about acting.''' ,'''I love inappropriate humour.''' ,'''I need work. I still audition for work. I don't get offered things out of nowhere. I have to work hard, still, and I get a lot of rejections. It just goes on and on.''' ,'''One actor in my life is enough, and that's me. With actors, it's too easy to go into this world of complaining. Someone will always be better, richer, more loved, do more work. Those dynamics don't interest me.''' ,'''On a film, you do your own work, you come together and meet on set, and then you shoot. It's great.''' ,'''I really don't think I could get starstruck with anybody. Famous final words, but I just don't think I could.''' ,'''I don't have a television. All I have is Netflix and Apple TV and Hulu.''' ,'''I did organize something in high school like a school walkout. These kids were locked up in their school, they weren't allowed out, but 3,000 school kids from Sydney walked out and protested. And I organized it from my mom's office at work. And I was 12.''' ,]
+++