+++
author = "Tim Kaine"
title = "Tim Kaine Quotes"
quotes_len = "93"
description = "the best 93 Tim Kaine Quotes"
keywords = "tim kaine,tim kaine quotes,tim kaine quote,tim kaine sayings,tim kaine saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It seemed to me to be entirely un-kosher, if that's a word, to try to put a debate about war right in front of the midterm to try to affect the midterm outcomes.''' ,'''The research clearly demonstrates high-quality early childhood opportunities help children succeed.''' ,'''I kind of struggled as a 10-year-old to make out what it meant that Martin Luther King and Bobby Kennedy were killed within two months of each other. I think I was 14 when Watergate happened and a president was impeached. So between my birth and age 14, I just saw a lot of turmoil.''' ,'''I was the governor that drew a tough, tough straw. I was governor during the worst recession since the 1930s, and I had to cut $5 billion from the state budget.''' ,'''There is clearly a Christian New Testament tradition that warns against praying loudly in the front of the temple where everyone can see you.''' ,'''Virginians want you to work across the aisle.''' ,'''As much as the constitutional argument matters to me, what really matters to me is this sort of moral question of can we order somebody to risk their lives about a military mission if we're not willing to debate, vote, and say that the military mission matters?''' ,'''I have taken the position, which is quite common among Catholics - I have got a personal feeling about abortion, but the right rule for government is to let women make their own decisions.''' ,'''We are all neighbors. And we must love neighbors as ourselves.''' ,'''What 'listo' means in Spanish is this: it means prepared, it means battle-tested, it means rock solid, up for anything, never backing down. And, friends, Hillary Clinton, she is listo!''' ,'''If you ask people, 'What do you think, should we kick kids off their family insurance policy in that 21- to 26-year-old age range?' You go through those... provisions that are already affecting the everyday lives of Americans, and people don't want to get rid of them.''' ,'''In politics, you've got to have a fallback in our line of work because your career can be over in an instant. Not that I would make much money playing a harmonica.''' ,'''When I hear Donald Trump say the American military is a disaster, I want to go through the screen and shake the guy. We ought to have a commander in chief who talks about our troops with respect and gratitude.''' ,'''The framers understood that the president, as the head of our armed forces, must defend the nation from imminent threat. But when the mission shifts from defense to offense, congressional approval is essential.''' ,'''My dad was a great business guy, and he always taught us that his business acumen would put his workers' kids through school, and their great artistry... would put my brothers and me through school.''' ,'''I believe all people, regardless of sexual orientation, should be guaranteed the full rights to the legal benefits and responsibilities of marriage under the Constitution.''' ,'''I'm not going to be anybody's punching bag.''' ,'''I just want to serve people. I know it sounds like a simple cliche.''' ,'''I think the reason that drones have become so controversial is because they're used in Pakistan; they're used in Yemen; they've been used in all kinds of places.''' ,'''For Donald Trump, Latinos are second-class citizens. We believe we are all Americans. We believe we are strong together. There is a big difference in this sense between the two parties and the candidates.''' ,'''I am a governor who left office with a smaller general fund budget than when we started.''' ,'''I will always be a partner with the president of the United States.''' ,'''Whatever your religious tradition is, if it's important to you and you don't feel comfortable talking about it, you end up coming across as insincere.''' ,'''I say we are climbing out of a ditch and we are climbing up.''' ,'''Authenticity is key.''' ,'''When people are left out, we're naturally going to focus on that, if it's 47 million people who don't have health insurance, if it's 23,000 people who die every year because they lack access to health care for something that's easily treatable.''' ,'''If faith is your motivation, share that.''' ,'''I think life is sacred, whether it's abortion or the death penalty.''' ,'''I have a traditional Catholic personal position, but I am very strongly supportive that women should make these decisions and government shouldn't intrude. I'm a strong supporter of Roe v. Wade and women being able to make these decisions. In government, we have enough things to worry about.''' ,'''The best way to deal with the deficit is through economic growth.''' ,'''You see Democrats who will demonize business. I don't do that. You see Republicans who demonize labor. I don't do that.''' ,'''McCain is completely against the sequester. It was one thing when we had a Democratic chair who was against it - all the Democrats were against it. But to have a Republican chair who is outspoken and strong against the sequester, who has the credentials in military issues - who is going to challenge him?''' ,'''I was a hard-times governor. I had to steer my state through the deepest recession since the 1930s. But hey, tough times don't last and tough people do. And can I tell you that Virginians are tough people? We are tough people.''' ,'''I work on the Armed Services and Foreign Relations committees to keep us safe at home and strong in the world.''' ,'''As soon as you define what an assault weapon is, you know, you can't sell a weapon, and here's how we describe it, gun manufacturers just make one adjustment or two, and they say, 'See, this isn't subject to the limitation.'''' ,'''I do plan to be on the podium with President Clinton when she's inaugurated in January 2017 - but I'm going to be sitting with the senators.''' ,'''When I talk to people outside the beltway, I don't think people are that divided.''' ,'''I would say, people use labels all the time, but I'm kind of a traditional Catholic: Personally, I'm opposed to abortion, and personally, I'm opposed to the death penalty.''' ,'''If we are going to be serious about enforcing the law, we have to have a background record check system to make sure that people don't get weapons who shouldn't.''' ,'''Anne and I have now been married almost 32 years, and I am the luckiest husband in the world.''' ,'''My faith teaches that life is sacred. That's why I personally oppose the death penalty. But I take my oath of office seriously, and I'll enforce the death penalty... because it's the law.''' ,'''You're not going to have a 1.000 batting average, but the way you get votes is, you just push and you push. I'm not afraid to do that.''' ,'''I will say, nothing in my time in the Senate has more surprised me than senators and House members want to weigh in on everything under the sun, but they do not want to weigh in on a clearly defined constitutional duty to declare war. It just stuns me.''' ,'''I can't take classified information that I get as a senator and give it to someone with no consequence.''' ,'''Midterm elections for first-term presidents are notoriously difficult.''' ,'''The key is grow your talent, attract talent, and then you'll attract the institutions that want to be around talent - and that, to me, is what we need to do at the national level.''' ,'''During a time of war, we ask our troops to give their best even to the point of sacrificing their own lives. When compared against that, how much of a sacrifice is it for a president to engage in a possibly contentious debate with Congress about whether military action is a good idea?''' ,'''I saw my mother crying for the first time, which made a huge impression on me, when I came home from kindergarten, and she was watching TV because JFK - that Irish Catholic president that we loved - had been killed.''' ,'''I think if you run away from who you are, that you're a Democrat and you're proud to be a Democrat, it's foolish. And the reason it's foolish is you've got a lot to be proud of.''' ,'''I'm not going to give a courtesy gift to a person who's going to win, and I'm not going to give a sympathy gift to a person who's going to lose.''' ,'''I would be open to a proposal that would have some minimum tax level for everyone.''' ,'''Gay individuals should be able to adopt.''' ,'''I want to make sure that Hillary Clinton is the next president of the United States because we need Secretary Clinton's focus on making sure that we build an America where our values of inclusion and opportunity for everyone are the values that bring us together.''' ,'''Let me let you in on a secret. I do plan to be on the podium with President Clinton when she's inaugurated in January 2017 - but I'm going to be sitting with the senators.''' ,'''One of the things we wrestle with nationally is, 'If we want the economy to be strong, what should we do?' Why not learn some lessons from Virginia?''' ,'''While Congressional members face the political costs of debate on military action, our service members bear the human costs of those decisions. And if we choose to avoid debate, avoid accountability, avoid a hard decision, how can we demand that our military willingly sacrifice their very lives?''' ,'''I predict after this whole thing is over, what we'll remember about the failed candidacy of Donald Trump is, 'You're fired.'''' ,'''My faith is central to everything I do. My faith position is a Good Samaritan position of trying to watch out for the other person.''' ,'''I'm an optimist.''' ,'''I've been a city councilman and mayor. I've been a lieutenant governor and governor and now, in the Senate, serve on the Armed Services and Foreign Relations Committee. So I'm a utility player. I just want to do everything I can to make sure A) we win and that B) the presidency of Hillary Clinton is fantastic.''' ,'''I think I'm ready to lead. I'm ready first to be a supportive vice president so that the presidency of Hillary Clinton is a fantastic one. But if something were to put that in my path, as much as any human being would be ready, I'd be ready. And you gotta approach it with humility.''' ,'''When you want to know something about the character of somebody in public life, look to see if they have a passion that began long before they were in office and that they have consistently held it throughout their career.''' ,'''If you want a senator who'll partner with the president to do what's best for the nation, I'm your guy.''' ,'''But people ought to be proud to be Democrats right now. You know, we're a happy warrior party. And this Congress has every reason to be very, very proud of the heavy lifting that they have done.''' ,'''I deeply believe - and not just as a matter of politics, but even as a matter of morality - that matters about reproduction and intimacy and relationships and contraception are in the personal realm. They're moral decisions for individuals to make for themselves. And the last thing we need is government intruding into those personal decisions.''' ,'''The American economy has always been the innovator in the world, and we're starting to see some tremendous increases in innovation, especially in the clean energy sector.''' ,'''Race to race, the Republicans are putting up candidates that are quite far out of the mainstream in terms of should we have passed the Civil Rights Act or does Social Security need to exist.''' ,'''Like a lot of people, I have been a leader in some things, and I've been a follower in some things. I know how to work on a team. And most of life, frankly, to get things done you have to get done, you've got to work as a team.''' ,'''The next president of the United States will be the president that will celebrate 100 years of women having the right to vote. I mean, I think having a woman president lead that celebration would be, you know, one of these instances of history really working out right in a poetic and beautiful way.''' ,'''I ask unanimous consent that I be able to deliver a floor speech on immigration reform in Spanish.''' ,'''A drone isn't any different than a bomb; it's not any different than other weapons that are used, where there is always a capacity for people to be killed who you wished were not.''' ,'''You have got to connect your land use decisions with transportation decisions.''' ,'''My sense is, as governor I've gotten a lot of stuff done.''' ,'''I went to a Jesuit boys high school, Rockhurst High School.''' ,'''When I see this, you know, 'Crooked Hillary,' or I see the, 'Lock her up,' it's just ridiculous. It is ridiculous. But I just - you know - it is beneath the character of the kind of dialogue we should have. Because we got real serious problems to solve. And look, most of us stopped the name-calling thing about fifth grade.''' ,'''People will pay a price for putting political obstruction over progress in a time that is so critical and urgent.''' ,'''We had a motto in my school: 'Men for Others.' And it was there that my faith became something vital. My north star for orienting my life. And when I left high school, I knew that I wanted to battle for social justice.''' ,'''I was a brand new senator in 2013. And the idiocy of Congress was to shut the government down for two weeks in October. And coming out of that, the pressure was put on the budget chair, Paul Ryan's shoulders and Patty Murray. Conservative Wisconsin Republican, progressive Washington Democrat, come up with a budget deal.''' ,'''When Democrats kind of cavalierly attack the religious right or go after Pat Robertson or Jerry Falwell, our candidates have sent the signal to a lot of religious people, 'Well, I guess they are not interested in me.' And I think this includes a lot of people who would fit very naturally within the Democratic Party.''' ,'''I'm an introvert on the Myers-Briggs. I've got to have time by myself to recharge. My philosophy is sort of that humans are weak, frail, imperfect, and generally kind of bad, but every day I meet somebody who's good, and that inspires me.''' ,'''I am boring.''' ,'''I have a moral position against the death penalty. But I took an oath of office to uphold it. Following an oath of office is also a moral obligation.''' ,'''A drone isn't any different than a bomb; it's not any different than other weapons that are used, where there is always a capacity for people to be killed who you wished were not. It's just the weapons platform.''' ,'''Over 17 years, I took on banks, landlords, real estate firms, local governments, anybody who treated anybody unfairly.''' ,'''No couples in Virginia can adopt other than a married couple - that's the right policy.''' ,'''As governor, I cut $5 billion in spending.''' ,'''If women are not accorded equal place in the leadership of the Catholic Church and the other great world religions, they will always be treated as inferiors in earthly matters as well.''' ,'''You don't ask people to sacrifice their lives until the nation has debated and committed to the mission. It's immoral.''' ,'''My sense is that economic anxiety means electoral volatility.''' ,'''I have a sort of Catholic-slash-Calvinist view of human nature, but every day I meet somebody who is doing cool things. So people get you out of your solitude and do things that exceed your expectations every day.''' ,'''Now Hillary Clinton and I are 'companeros de alma.' And we share this basic belief: it's simple. Do all the good you can and serve one another. Pretty simple.''' ,'''As soon as something really bad happens, I guarantee you Congress will act. I absolutely guarantee you Congress will act. But the question is, should we wait for that?''' ,'''Donald Trump is a guy who has called for privatization of the V.A. That is something that is overwhelmingly rejected by America's veterans. They do not want to go down that path. Do they want improvement? Sure they do. But they don't want risky or radical.''' ,]
+++