+++
author = "Smokepurpp"
title = "Smokepurpp Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Smokepurpp Quotes"
keywords = "smokepurpp,smokepurpp quotes,smokepurpp quote,smokepurpp sayings,smokepurpp saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I created the Soundcloud big bang; you already know what's going on.''' ,'''I want to do everything. I want to do commercials, endorsements. I want to design.''' ,'''I don't like going to the mall.''' ,'''I feel like when you make an album, it really has to hold its ground. It has to make a stamp.''' ,'''You gotta do a lot more than rap. Rap is not just rap. If you don't have an image, you're not capturing nobody's attention.''' ,'''I chose producing because I didn't know how to play any instruments.''' ,''''Deadstar' has no boundaries.''' ,'''If we want to mumble rap, we can mumble rap.''' ,'''You're gonna see me on your TV. You're gonna see me everywhere. I'm gonna be a common household name. Smokepurpp, Lil Purpp. Remember the name.''' ,'''I'm not only a rapper, I'm an entertainer.''' ,'''Honestly, as a rapper, the Freshman list is definitely the biggest milestone. Culture-wise - anything-wise - that's the biggest stamp.''' ,'''I got started as a producer first, but really, I feel my beats had more life than anyone could rap on them.''' ,'''I was a class clown.''' ,'''I would like to work with Drake. It would be cool.''' ,'''I love everybody. I don't have beef with nobody, so I'm good.''' ,'''I started producing for Pump - I produced his first songs. 'Lil Pump,' 'Elementary,' 'Johnny Dang' - all that I produced.''' ,'''Anytime Pump and I make a track together, it's always crazy.''' ,'''People don't give Yachty the credit that he deserves.''' ,'''My style is too versatile to be compared to anybody.''' ,]
+++