+++
author = "Odion Ighalo"
title = "Odion Ighalo Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Odion Ighalo Quotes"
keywords = "odion ighalo,odion ighalo quotes,odion ighalo quote,odion ighalo sayings,odion ighalo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You need to weigh things up properly in life and ask yourself if it is your call to make, or one to satisfy others.''' ,'''I needed to focus on what is good for my career long-term and when you decide to do something - you stay true to yourself.''' ,'''In Nigeria, you have to have sports channels to watch that but not everyone can afford it. My parents couldn't afford that so you have to pay a viewing centre to watch that.''' ,'''I grew up in Ajegunle, which is like a ghetto and it was very difficult there. When it would get to the weekend, everybody was excited because they wanted to watch Man United play.''' ,'''Anyone who knows me back from when I was young knows me and my siblings supported Man United, we would pay to go and watch Man United play.''' ,'''My agent spoke to me about a loan interest from Barcelona. The club wanted a striker with La Liga experience and someone who understands Spanish football.''' ,'''I liked watching Dwight Yorke when he was at Man United. I'm a Man United fan.''' ,'''When I started supporting Man United, Dwight Yorke and Andy Cole were my heroes growing up.''' ,'''It is a great privilege for me to play at Man United, where great players like Dwight Yorke and Andy Cole have played.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I knew a lot about football because I saw some of my grown-up siblings watching football on TV and they supported Manchester United.''' ,'''Troy Deeney is a good guy, he's one of the nicest guys I've played with. He says it how it is. He's not a guy that beats around the bush. If he's not happy, he says what he feels.''' ,'''We didn't always have what we wanted or needed, we had to struggle. That is why I also thank God for my mum - she is the one who worked hard to pay for my first football boots.''' ,'''You'd get ready, wash your jersey, and go out and support your darling team.''' ,'''Quique Sanchez Flores doesn't talk much but he's very intelligent.''' ,'''To be the first Nigerian to play for Manchester United is a great achievement for me which I am going to cherish for the rest of my life because it's not easy to dream something and it comes true. It's a great feeling.''' ,'''My life, my training, my work, is still the same and I just want to keep going and giving my best for Watford.''' ,'''It is the happiest moment of my life, playing for my dream team, the team I supported when I was young.''' ,]
+++