+++
author = "Spencer Matthews"
title = "Spencer Matthews Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Spencer Matthews Quotes"
keywords = "spencer matthews,spencer matthews quotes,spencer matthews quote,spencer matthews sayings,spencer matthews saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you're an adult who takes 'Made in Chelsea' seriously, I suggest you take a look at yourself.''' ,'''When I was young, all I wanted to do was go to nightclubs, drink, have fun and be unproductive.''' ,'''We would love tons more kids. If they are all as good as Theodore we would like as many as we can have.''' ,'''I do have a bit of empathy I suppose, but it has come more recently as I'm knocking on 30's door and I think I'm getting there.''' ,'''The Lion King is one of my favorite stories ever.''' ,'''The only people I truly trust are my family and a very close group of my friends.''' ,'''My ideal night is spending it in with Vogue.''' ,'''Vogue is my best mate.''' ,'''Sobriety has opened my mind and unlocked parts of me that I didn't even realize existed.''' ,'''Christmas is all about festivity, family, being together, reading stories and entertaining one another.''' ,'''Howth is a wonderful part of the world. I love the Irish. Howth is extremely charming so anyone would be lucky to have a house there.''' ,'''I've never been the kind of guy who finds attention irritating.''' ,'''My mother and father have always drilled in to me that work is very important.''' ,'''I had to change my relationship with alcohol in order to become the man that I knew I could be and that my family would be proud of.''' ,'''My aim is sustainable fat loss and so I've opted for carb cycling.''' ,'''I love children.''' ,'''I'm really picky with my girlfriends.''' ,'''My 4 key ingredients for success are my coach, my Forza supplements, my daily food deliveries and my gym.''' ,'''Ariana Grande is very attractive.''' ,'''I've never watched any of the shows I've done.''' ,'''For those who haven't done any time in the armed services a burpee starts from a standing position then jump down to a press up position, a squat thrust, followed but a star jump. Doesn't sound too hard? Try doing 50.''' ,'''When I was younger I was interested in fame. Lots of kids want to be actors and singers and stuff and it's fun to be recognized and fun to have pictures taken of you.''' ,'''I was always pretty selfish.''' ,'''I absolutely love Piers Morgan and there's absolutely no point in watching 'Good Morning Britain' if he's not on it.''' ,'''Look, on the first day of 'The Jump' we shared a ski lift together. We got to the top and Vogue skied off and I said, jokingly at the time: 'I'm going to marry that girl.' Turns out, I am.''' ,'''Being the way I used to be didn't really fit the family profile. I was always loved but if, say, Dad had an interesting business idea I'd be the last person he'd want to share it with in case I blew the lid on it.''' ,'''I think the beauty of the concept of 'The Bachelor' is that it will never be the same thing twice. I think it will be a very different show with me.''' ,'''I used to work in hotels and have very fond memories.''' ,'''My celebrity crush is Princess Jasmine.''' ,'''If I could marry Vogue every year, I would, but two weddings will do.''' ,'''If I'm chatting to someone who's an anxious wreck and I don't understand it, because I've never been anxious, then it's strange. There's no real way of talking to them about it without saying, 'I've no idea what you're talking about. I'm better than you.'''' ,'''The Irish are just good people, they always have been.''' ,'''It's not a very nice thing to not have empathy. I would like to have empathy. In the past I haven't been very empathetic with other people.''' ,'''I'm not a particularly private person, it doesn't bother me when things about me come out.''' ,'''My family is extremely close and will always be with each other, and I want that for myself.''' ,'''When you lose someone, their memory lives on.''' ,'''I always cry when Mufasa dies in 'The Lion King.' I just can't handle it.''' ,'''I look more for something within someone and I don't care where they come from - even Essex!''' ,'''I've enjoyed every day of sobriety and I felt so much better immediately.''' ,'''I've never been dumped, but I'm sure it will happen.''' ,'''Living in London, drinking has just been a big part of growing up here. It's always been readily available.''' ,'''I've always had to work to pay my bills.''' ,'''I can't imagine life without Vogue at this point. People say, what's changed? What's different But it's just part of growing up, meeting your soulmate and moving on with life.''' ,'''When I was eight we went to Las Vegas for my brother Michael's 21st birthday, and my bedtime was pushed back quite late. I was always waking up as everyone was rolling in from their night out. It was an eye-opener!''' ,'''Often parents know what's best for their kids without having to learn from others.''' ,'''I'm not wanting to make carbs the enemy - because it's really hard to keep carbs out of your life forever.''' ,'''Vogue and I weren't looking for a serious relationship at the time we met and I think that's probably part of the reason why we became so close as friends first.''' ,'''Oh, I can't stand reality television.''' ,'''I will try and become a very empathetic person because I do think that's a nice trait.''' ,'''My definition of sobriety is to be in full control and not feel drunk, but it's not abstaining for religious reasons or any other reason.''' ,'''I feel social media is so damaging to young people, I see it as being extremely dangerous.''' ,'''As far as TV goes, of course there's pressure to look good. It's not something I've ever cared about too much.''' ,'''Such a huge amount of respect for people who regularly present live television - it's a skill and it's not easy.''' ,'''But I was always just having fun and out and about and working, doing whatever. But when I met Vogue is when something went off in my mind and I became a far more serious person. She makes me a much better version of myself.''' ,'''I'm no parenting guru. I suppose you just take everyday as it comes and do what you think is best.''' ,'''I just want to look like an underwear model.''' ,'''I try to be friendly to everyone.''' ,'''My dad is a mechanic from Sheffield and my grandmother lives in Rotherham, bless her.''' ,'''Vogue has always loved the design and structure of bridges and she loves Albert Bridge, which we live right next to.''' ,'''If I want something, I go for it.''' ,'''I'm a sucker for a good sense of humor.''' ,'''You hear so much awful stuff before you have a kid, like you'll never sleep again, we always knew it would be utter garbage. We're pretty relaxed people, the less stressed you are the more easy you'll find parenting.''' ,'''Poor Vogue is working really long hours - she's a 'model,' that's what it says on her Wikipedia or whatever. People just assume she does nothing but she's super-busy all the time.''' ,'''My relationship in the past with alcohol has been both good fun and unhealthy.''' ,'''I always like to think I eat quite carefully.''' ,'''I don't really consider myself a stud.''' ,'''I've always thought in the back of my mind I could do something really special with my life and I was just on a real path to not achieving that, and I blame that on alcohol.''' ,'''People close to me wouldn't have thought that I had a drinking problem because it wasn't evident although towards the very end of my drinking perhaps it became a little bit more of an issue.''' ,'''I watch a lot of Disney films and whenever one of my little nieces is round I'll slap on 'Cinderella' or 'Hercules' and use them as an excuse to watch it.''' ,'''In the back of my mind for many years, I had always felt that my relationship with alcohol, although seemingly harmless was unhealthy and somewhat destructive.''' ,'''I just think Vogue is the most exceptional mother - and I'm not just saying that because she can hear me.''' ,'''I've always thought I'd like to have my first kid when I'm 30.''' ,'''I had a bit of a lazy streak to me, I had high opinions of myself without any real grounding reason to, I made a bit of television that did ok, and all of a sudden life was pretty relaxed for me.''' ,'''It's important to have chemistry and get on well with someone.''' ,'''When I was 17, I had to peel 100 kg of tomatoes every day.''' ,'''I feel as though going into middle age really suits me.''' ,''''MasterChef' semi-finalist, who would have thought it? I couldn't be happier, it's not always going to be that smooth a sail so I'm going to enjoy it while it lasts.''' ,'''My relationship with alcohol became unsustainable. For people who are going to ask, 'Were you an alcoholic?' I suppose the short answer is 'Yes.'''' ,'''My brother and I have both dated a wide range of girls and not all of them have been posh.''' ,'''I wake up and I say to myself 'How can I delight Vogue?' and usually I succeed pretty quickly.''' ,'''Good family time means everything.''' ,'''My wife and son are my world and being there for them in every way possible is the only thing that matters to me... that and my work.''' ,'''I've kept up my fitness and thanks to the odd Forza T5 Super Strength pill here and there I've kept the snacking at bay.''' ,'''I'm far more interested in being a successful entrepreneur than being famous.''' ,'''In the year and a half that I've been sober, in the comfort of married life, Vogue and I have welcomed our first son and become a family of our own. We are busy, happy, and doing well. My finger is on the pulse and things I never bothered to try to understand make sense to me now.''' ,'''I've never been unfaithful outside 'Made In Chelsea.' I don't care what the reputation looks like. I was unfaithful on that television show because it's a show about that. I'm not saying it was acceptable behavior, but the show wouldn't work without relationships failing. In real life it's completely different.''' ,'''I recognized a lot of Vogue in me and vice versa. We fit, we were very compatible together - even my mum thinks we're similar!''' ,'''It slightly annoys me when people assume that I've never worked a day in my life. I've held many jobs, I've worked since I was 15.''' ,'''It's hard for me to say really, I've never taken any relationship seriously apart from this one. I'd never given any thought to getting married, ever, apart from Vogue.''' ,'''It's always lovely for babies to grow up in a similar age gap and it's nice to have cousins be of a similar age.''' ,'''I'm a chilled out guy but if needs be the claws can come out.''' ,'''It is very difficult to trust anyone and I always find that hard in relationships.''' ,'''I drink a lot of coffee. I don't know if it's good for you, but I drink a lot of it.''' ,'''I think if you drink too much and you're told you drink too much, typically you don't like it. I know I didn't.''' ,'''I take two Forza T5 Super Strength in the morning just before my work-out. This gives me the energy I need and sometimes I take another one at around 3 P. M. if I'm feeling like snacking and this kills off any cravings.''' ,'''I wasn't drinking to get drunk. It's social drinking, so what's the point? It's empty calories, you're poisoning yourself.''' ,'''I have an array of beautiful godchildren and nephews and nieces, and children are my real thing, my real love, and I can't wait to have my own.''' ,'''It's important for every child to have a bit of a naughty streak.''' ,'''I feel like I wasted my time in my twenties. When you are beginning to realise your potential you wish you'd realized it earlier.''' ,'''Don't take relationships seriously unless you're willing to be serious.''' ,]
+++