+++
author = "Jejomar Binay"
title = "Jejomar Binay Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Jejomar Binay Quotes"
keywords = "jejomar binay,jejomar binay quotes,jejomar binay quote,jejomar binay sayings,jejomar binay saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Hopefully, my administration will be known as a healing and unifying administration.''' ,'''My detractors would be mistaken to believe that the allegations against me that had no basis and were all lies would distract me. I continue to do my job.''' ,'''Coal is cheap, but up to what extent are we going to allow coal plants to operate?''' ,'''Believe it or not, I say my prayers in the morning and in the evening.''' ,'''I will always think about uplifting the lives of the poor because I know what they feel. I have not heard about poverty; I have not read about poverty: I have experienced poverty.''' ,'''I have repeatedly called for respecting institutions and the democratic process. Once the process is completed, we should always respect the outcome.''' ,'''The rich do not want people who come from poor families to rise to the highest position in the country.''' ,'''Should Filipinos decide to have me as their leader, I will ensure that just like in Makati, everyone will benefit from whatever development our country would attain. No one will be left behind.''' ,'''I wish I could renounce politics.''' ,'''There was never a time that I thought of renouncing my Filipino citizenship. I never abandoned my country. I've been here through thick and thin. Jojo Binay is a Filipino.''' ,'''I'm a lawyer. The right to life is important.''' ,'''I have traveled to three-fourths of the Philippines.''' ,'''I don't like this kind of life where every month you are faced with some kind of a coup.''' ,'''Jojo Binay will not change.''' ,'''Spending on infrastructure will help employment.''' ,]
+++