+++
author = "Halston Sage"
title = "Halston Sage Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Halston Sage Quotes"
keywords = "halston sage,halston sage quotes,halston sage quote,halston sage sayings,halston sage saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The whole experience on 'Grown Ups 2' was like going to adult summer camp.''' ,'''I like to Instagram my dogs! I also get excited to post behind-the-scenes photos from when I was filming something.''' ,'''New York City is my favorite city in the world.''' ,'''My dad is afraid of my laugh.''' ,'''I went to high school in Los Angeles, and I grew up riding horses, so that was kind of my life. I always wanted to act.''' ,'''I did grow up in Los Angeles. I actually didn't start acting until I was sixteen, so I was very removed from the Hollywood scene. I had always been in my school plays, but my mom and dad wanted to keep me out of the business until I was old enough to know who I was and not let anyone change me.''' ,'''I met my agent when I was 10 years old on a family skiing vacation. He asked if I was interested in acting, and I had been doing school plays. A couple of years later, I called him up, and I started auditioning.''' ,'''I grew up riding horses since I was eight. I rode English style and competed every weekend. I had two horses, Scout and Camille, and they were my babies. It taught me a lot about responsibility and commitment. I hope horses will always be in my life.''' ,'''I always start the day by washing my face and moisturizing.''' ,'''I went to an all-girls school, and I always felt like I missed out on a traditional high-school life.''' ,'''Making a movie is like an accelerated version of growing up with someone. You spend so many hours a day with each other, and you're putting your heart into this same effort.''' ,'''I love dogs. I have a Golden Doodle and an Alaskan Klee Kai.''' ,'''I would love to be in a Nicholas Sparks movie. And Scarlett Johansson inspired me. I think it's cool when women are able to kick butt.''' ,'''I like the simplicity of a halter-top or plunging neckline, but I'll rough it up by wearing studded shoes and my leather jacket.''' ,'''I did grow up reading the 'Twilight' books. I feel guilty, but I was always Team Edward.''' ,'''I'm 20 years old, and I still love love. I hope I'm sweet. Just your everyday girl.''' ,'''My favorite weekend activity is riding bikes to breakfast.''' ,'''I am excited when I get a movie and I get to move somewhere for a certain amount of time. But I am a Cali girl.''' ,'''Things I say are sometimes silly.''' ,''''Girl, Interrupted' is one of my favorite movies.''' ,'''I love oatmeal raisin cookies.''' ,'''I'm not always happy, I promise. I can be serious.''' ,'''John Mayer and Jack Johnson are two of my all-time favorites. I love Colbie Caillat and really cool, beach-y, guitar, acoustic type music.''' ,]
+++