+++
author = "Francesca Annis"
title = "Francesca Annis Quotes"
quotes_len = "85"
description = "the best 85 Francesca Annis Quotes"
keywords = "francesca annis,francesca annis quotes,francesca annis quote,francesca annis sayings,francesca annis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''An interview has become such a confrontational thing. It makes you very defensive.''' ,'''I've never been too afraid of what other people have said, especially when I was younger, but I suppose that was the arrogance of youth.''' ,'''I'm not bothered or sad about being on my own - after all, I've never had a husband.''' ,'''Thank God we're not like America. Everyone wants to look like they're 20. In Europe we admire grown-up women; I think men revere older women.''' ,'''The funny thing is I'm not bothered or sad about being on my own - after all I've never had a husband.''' ,'''I am not a fanatic about anything. I do what I can do when I've got the time.''' ,'''When I was starting out, young actresses had the studio system to protect them. Now you have a host of sharks, from your agent to your publicist to your lawyer.''' ,'''I'm an actress, not a pinup.''' ,'''Roman's wife Sharon Tate had been murdered by Charles Manson the year before, but Roman had been through so much leaving the Warsaw ghetto that he was very strong and private.''' ,'''I couldn't imagine playing someone young now; it would be so boring.''' ,'''You can be revered for all sorts of qualities, but to be truly charismatic is rare. Elizabeth Taylor was, for me, one of those rarities.''' ,'''So many stars lose their way, and with success become more neurotic, not less so.''' ,'''You have to be careful not to let your fear stop you doing things. It's very exciting to test yourself.''' ,'''Having children with someone is the real bond.''' ,'''I'm one of the great unemployed looking for the next job. I'm waiting for the right offer. Like anyone, I want something that turns me on inside.''' ,'''From one till seven, when we moved to England, I spoke only Portuguese. But I can't speak a word of it now.''' ,'''I was asked to be in Vogue but I said no. I didn't want to advertise make-up. I didn't want to be seen as a sex symbol.''' ,'''I maintain the rather old-fashioned view that this is my work and it's in the public arena, but that doesn't entitle everyone to know what happened at home before coming here.''' ,'''Sometimes sushi is just superb, and other times there's nothing like a great big steak. It depends where your taste buds are at the time.''' ,'''I have made a public statement about me and Ralph by being seen with him. I don't need to make any other. You can live the way you want.''' ,'''I like having a good time. It's probably my mother's Brazilian genes in me - party, party.''' ,'''I think you live a fuller life with someone else, you know, you're firing on all cylinders. It can be a nightmare at times, we all know that, but nevertheless in the end I think to have someone else's input on anything - a book, a meal, your children, life, a walk - is fantastic.''' ,'''There is not enough celebration of companionship. Relationships aren't just about eroticism and sexuality.''' ,'''Too often, older women are seen as victims, but I know lots of formidable women who have marvellous jobs as well as a full erotic life, and children and friends and family.''' ,'''I never pursued being 'famous.'''' ,'''I don't need a piece of paper to suggest that I can commit myself.''' ,'''I come from a very hospitable, close, Catholic, matriarchal family.''' ,'''I don't regret the passing of time. I try to live in the present, which should mean my life's full.''' ,'''I do find acting cathartic.''' ,'''My parents were hugely supportive like that. I was always the best - it's so embarrassing, isn't it? I was always the best at everything.''' ,'''I am pretty self-indulgent.''' ,'''Everyone has class, one class or another.''' ,'''I go on giving interviews because I've been brought up to support the projects I'm involved in. When you've enjoyed working on a production, you want to do them a favour.''' ,'''I was always going to be a dancer - I drifted into acting.''' ,'''After all my various relationships I find myself now home alone.''' ,'''I have always done exercise because I was a dancer, and it is probably good for you. I have done yoga consistently.''' ,'''Each decade, I've lived in that decade, so I could easily shed the '20s, the '30s, the '40s.''' ,'''I don't believe in expending energy on something you can't do anything about. If there was some easy way of fixing things, I'd probably do it.''' ,'''I'll dance to anything: Bob Marley or rap.''' ,'''I don't buy the tabloids, but you're surrounded by it all and people tell you things they've read. I'd be sitting on a train looking over someone's shoulder and thinking: That's familiar... oh my God, it's me.''' ,'''I consulted a Chinese herbalist and spent two weeks on an island off the coast of Zanzibar. I was away from any kind of contemporary technology.''' ,'''In Europe, we admire grown-up women; I think men revere older women.''' ,'''I can feel the 60S looming. In my profession, I've just moved along with my age. By thinking in decades, rather than whether someone's 42 or 47, you can give yourself a whole 10 years to turn yourself around in.''' ,'''You can love more than one person in your life, but things will be different. There'll be a different dynamic. Needs and desires change.''' ,'''I can easily sleep from nine to 13 hours a night.''' ,'''I didn't choose to be an actress.''' ,'''However successful you are, there is no substitute for a close relationship. We all need them.''' ,'''I think people should do whatever they want to do. That's the point. Why should you care what other people think or say? You're not living in their pocket.''' ,'''I turned down a lot of films.''' ,'''My mother was madly adventurous. My father was an actor - he worked with Gielgud - and my mother came from a very wealthy family. She definitely wasn't meant to marry an actor, but she eloped with him one lunch-time.''' ,'''I'm trying to learn to smoke, which is rather weird when everyone is trying to stop. I'm not a smoker. But my character only smokes as an affectation.''' ,'''My children were brought up with their grandparents, and I was brought up with my grandparents. I think the continuity of moving through life together gives people a certain pride and sense of security.''' ,'''The biggest privilege I've had in my life is being able to make a choice. If you make a choice, it can't be a wrong choice because it seemed like a good idea at the time.''' ,'''In films people basically work for the camera, you know, and that's why actors can hate each other and not be speaking to each other and still look as if they're in love because really they're loving the camera loving them.''' ,'''In the theatre, once you've gone about eight rows back, everybody else is just listening to you. You're very small, and nobody can really see what you're doing.''' ,'''I'm often asked if I regret not going to Hollywood. I'm glad I didn't go, because if I had I wouldn't have my extended family, which is the fabric of my life. Only recently have I realised how special and unusual it is.''' ,'''Fame and stardom sat very easily on Elizabeth Taylor's shoulders.''' ,'''I have got a few misters interested but nobody special these days.''' ,'''Judi Dench and Ian McKellen taught me how to work hard and respect the theatre.''' ,'''Exposure makes you famous, not just good work. Famous is being plastered everywhere.''' ,'''It's not so much the dressing up, but I love the idea of moving and existing in a different time.''' ,'''I don't want three million people digesting my private life over their cornflakes.''' ,'''I don't think the media circus has ever been a shock to my life seeing as I was with Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor when I was 17.''' ,'''As you grow older, your whole life becomes very rich, multifaceted.''' ,'''From 1 till 7, when we moved to England, I spoke only Portuguese.''' ,'''If people think I look good, it's the make-up.''' ,'''Everything has changed. An interview has become such a confrontational thing. It makes you very defensive.''' ,'''The minute anyone's getting anxious I say, You must eat and you must sleep. They're the two vital elements for a healthy life.''' ,'''I do think it's important to live in the present because in that way you won't be living in a state of regret.''' ,'''The first thing you have to do is accept that decay sets in and there's nothing you can do about it.''' ,'''I am not going to share my private life with millions of people. I don't find a need to do that and nobody else close to me does either.''' ,'''The wonderful thing about acting is you move along with your decade. The older you get, the more interesting the parts you get to play and you bring more of your personal experience to the part.''' ,'''The thing about doing anything artificial to your hair is that you have to look after it. So you're always vulnerable to the weather and time.''' ,'''Some actors get fired up by the sound of the audience. I just want to retreat.''' ,'''We all know now that people can look good for their age. It isn't so extraordinary, I don't know why people go on about it so much.''' ,'''I like working in theatre now and I think that once you've done a certain amount of films most actors love working in the theatre because of the camaraderie.''' ,'''I used to suffer from excessive pride. Well, I got over that one.''' ,'''Everything is about class in England, whether it's upper, lower or middle. Why should that be?''' ,'''I think people have surgery for psychological reasons more than because of their looks.''' ,'''Truly charismatic people, in my experience, don't come along very often.''' ,'''I was seen dancing at school by a director, who asked me to be in a TV play. And it had a huge impact. So I think that's what really started me off.''' ,'''I've never been married and I've no more desire to be married now than I ever have. I hate bureaucracy and I am not religious.''' ,'''I have yet to see a drama that puts forward women who are successful and also have a family... they are nearly always seen as victims.''' ,'''I've always kept fit but I've been doing gym and yoga and will be throwing my stilettoes away for a while!''' ,'''Eat well and sleep well. That will feed your nervous system and your psyche. As you get older, you look how you feel.''' ,]
+++