+++
author = "Cloris Leachman"
title = "Cloris Leachman Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Cloris Leachman Quotes"
keywords = "cloris leachman,cloris leachman quotes,cloris leachman quote,cloris leachman sayings,cloris leachman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't stress at all. When other people say, 'I'm having a bad day,' I ask, 'How can you have a bad day for the entire 24 hours, or even 12 or eight hours?' Something bad might happen, but that can't make the entire day bad.''' ,'''I live a very leisurely life. When I do work, it's not work: it's great fun and exciting and fresh. New, wonderful, talented people. It's great pleasure and great fun.''' ,'''I always wanted to be healthy and look good. I taught myself in my mid thirties about eating right.''' ,'''I was Miss Chicago in 1946.''' ,'''I make fun wherever I go... If I go to a restaurant by myself, rest assured, people will be talking about it. I always have a great deal of fun being with people. It's part of the journey.''' ,'''I am from Des Moines, Iowa - not even the city but out in the country. I don't have a lot of trappings, I think, in my personality. I'm just a simple person with a silly bone.''' ,'''Why can't we build orphanages next to homes for the elderly? If someone were sitting in a rocker, it wouldn't be long before a kid will be in his lap.''' ,'''I took piano lessons and dancing lessons. I was very good at piano.''' ,'''I stopped eating meat when I was 35. Thank God.''' ,'''I didn't say there's nothing out there, but there certainly isn't any God.''' ,'''Some parts stay with me for weeks afterward. It's these people that I play. They get under my skin, and I just can't let go of them. I have immersed myself into their lives and into their beings so much that they feel like a part of me.''' ,'''Don't eat sugar. It's stupid.''' ,'''If it's funny, I'll do anything.''' ,'''I'm so sick of Betty White.''' ,'''My son became my manager, and he said to me, 'Mom, if you could do anything you wanted to do, what would it be?' And out of my mouth immediately came, 'Dancing With the Stars.'''' ,'''When something is truly funny, it's funny all the time.''' ,'''The stuff that's made up about Jesus - that you have to go through Jesus to get to God and if you're lucky, after you die, if you've done everything right, the reward is you get to sit on the right hand side of God. All that is made up by men. People made it up.''' ,'''Extraordinary miracles, billions and trillions of them, happen all the time, but not because there's a God.''' ,'''My family is who I spend my off-time with.''' ,'''When I decided to become vegetarian, I had to learn how to 'recook,' if you will. For example, I used to put red wine in a big pot with the meat that I'd cooked in fat, and it was, of course, delicious. When I gave up meat, I wondered what I would make. That turned out to be vegetables, really organic and fresh.''' ,'''In third grade, my teacher asked me to read in front of the class. I was so touched because that really was the first acting I had ever done, just reading in front of the class. And I was so amazed with the fulfillment I got from being in front of people.''' ,'''I don't think I'm my age. I'm truly 6 years old.''' ,'''If you brush your teeth, you don't want to eat something right after because your mouth feels so fresh. So brushing your teeth actually prevents you from eating until later.''' ,'''The reason I am a good actress, I think, is because the times when I didn't have a good part... and you think, 'What the hell do you do with it?' You have to figure something out.''' ,'''I don't look for roles, for they come to me. Mind you, it's not like I'm sitting in the middle of the floor with thousands of scripts around me. When work comes up, it's good. I love it. Work doesn't feel like work.''' ,'''I've taken care of myself all my life.''' ,'''I don't feel like I'm really in the public eye because I feel like I'm one of the public.''' ,'''If I were to do some outlandish role, I always made sure I'd be on Johnny Carson to show that I wasn't that person that I played. I'd be myself. And so people got to know me, I think, and I think they know that I'm honest and truthful and real.''' ,]
+++