+++
author = "Harrison Barnes"
title = "Harrison Barnes Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Harrison Barnes Quotes"
keywords = "harrison barnes,harrison barnes quotes,harrison barnes quote,harrison barnes sayings,harrison barnes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think it's important that we as athletes do whatever we can to help kids, primarily helping kids of color.''' ,'''If you mess around, and you don't take every game as seriously as possible, there's going to be a time you get to the Finals and say look, 'We're not sharp right now.' At that point, there's nothing you can do.''' ,'''This is the NBA, so there's basketball and then there's business.''' ,'''I know my body pretty well.''' ,'''When I got to the Bay Area, everyone was talking about 'Silicon Valley, Silicon Valley,' so I just wanted to go and learn more about it.''' ,'''You have to commend the players who've stepped up and used their voice, who've been courageous, and when it came to Colin Kaepernick, had to sacrifice tremendously to get their point across.''' ,'''The relationship between police and African-Americans has probably always been strained.''' ,'''It's hard when you get the ball in an iso situation and you have a set defense in front of you. Very few players in the league can do that.''' ,'''My goal from an early age was always to play in the NBA.''' ,'''I would say that I'm not the next anybody, man. I'm Harrison Barnes.''' ,'''Most bigs aren't used to guarding out on the perimeter.''' ,'''If you're guarding a guy like Carmelo, obviously you have to stay close to him because he can get hot.''' ,'''The opportunity to intern at Facebook was an unbelievable experience. Just to see how they operate and the attention to detail to every single product they have was a learning experience.''' ,'''I'd heard Dallas described as a 'big, small town' before, even before I moved. As a kid from an actual small town in Iowa, I was never sure what to make of the description.''' ,'''For as long as I could remember, I've wanted to play basketball at the University of North Carolina. Funny thing is, there was a long period of time when I wasn't sure how much they wanted me.''' ,'''I love to get involved with the community by doing programs that promote literacy and education.''' ,'''You always want to look nice.''' ,'''One thing about me: I don't try to live out what ifs.''' ,'''When you win a championship, you can't always rely on that for the rest of your life. You want to try to go out there and win a better one.''' ,'''I remember throughout middle school and high school how excited my mom, sister and I would be when a UNC game was on TV. It was required viewing.''' ,'''Just because I shoot a lot of threes doesn't mean I can't still get up.''' ,'''I think as I've gotten older, I've realized the more important details. Yes, you're going to make money. Yes, you're going to do all these other things, but playing the game that you love every single day, that's the most important thing to me.''' ,'''I have a desire to learn and be able to interact with people that I admire or like or respect.''' ,'''I think if anybody has an opportunity to play professional basketball, to not transcend that into off-the-court endeavors is really a waste.''' ,'''The NBA is a business.''' ,'''I've been very fortunate throughout my life with a number of opportunities, a number of great people that have helped me be in the position that I am today to be an NBA basketball player and to be living out my dream.''' ,'''I've improved my ballhandling.''' ,'''Because of my profession, I'm interested in team culture and how that can bring out the best in its players.''' ,'''My mother chose 'Jordan' as my middle name, as a nod to her favorite basketball player.''' ,'''I'm in the gym every single day.''' ,'''The biggest thing to realize when you're guarding great players is, look, they're going to score - it's hard to guard anyone one-on-one, straight-up and have them be shut out. You just want to try to make them work for their possessions.''' ,'''Anytime you have opportunities to spread the game of basketball, it is a big thing.''' ,'''I mean you look at apps like Uber, Postmates, Instacart, things that have revolutionized how quickly we can do stuff. I can be on a flight and schedule groceries to be delivered to my house and a car to pick me up when I land. It is nuts. And it is something that I will always be interested in.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you have to win games.''' ,'''If someone hit you in the face 7 times, you're not just going to smile on the eighth.''' ,'''I think how you dress says a lot about how you carry yourself.''' ,'''When I look back at the people who were most influential in my life, it wasn't Kobe Bryant, it wasn't Michael Jordan, it wasn't Muhammad Ali. It was regular people who do, like, regular jobs in Ames, Iowa, who had impact. My hero was the secretary in the department of music - my mom.''' ,'''When I moved to Dallas, I had two big goals. The first, of course, had to do with basketball. I came here to work hard and earn the respect of the fans. The second goal was more personal. I wanted to put down roots in Dallas. That was one of the upsides of signing a four-year deal.''' ,'''Putting on that powder blue uniform was truly a dream come true for me and my family. Because I was so personally connected to UNC basketball, I had a particular understanding of what responsibilities came with the opportunity that was presented to me.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you're a person before you are a basketball player.''' ,'''Basketball is such a good platform to be able to have a real impact on kids. We don't have all the answers, but we can tell kids the importance of asking questions and working hard. Maybe they go to their teacher and ask questions because their favorite player told them it was a good thing to do.''' ,'''Ever since I was a kid - growing up in a small town in Iowa, going to Chapel Hill for college and then to the Bay Area - I've been interested in how communities come together to solve their differences. And I've always been drawn to politics and social change.''' ,'''When I was growing up I spent a lot of time at the Boys and Girls Club so I try to partner a lot with them to promote reading in the summers.''' ,'''History is so deep, especially black history, so I have a lot to learn.''' ,'''Food accessibility is a health crisis that has always affected underserved communities.''' ,'''I don't know if taking on Facebook is going to be a good career move for me.''' ,'''I have respect for the greats, like Jay-Z.''' ,'''You want to know what you do best.''' ,'''Since I was the No. 1 recruit I heard a lot of similar stuff like that, LeBron James comparisons. You definitely have to respect what he's accomplished in this league.''' ,'''When you rebound, you've got to get some edge. You get some elbows early in the game, it kind of gets your blood flowing. Then you're kind of just on edge, just aggressive from there.''' ,'''People see Michael Jordan as a great basketball player, but he's a great businessman, too.''' ,'''From the small town in Iowa where I grew up, to Chapel Hill where I went to college, to the Bay Area and now to Dallas, I've been lucky to get to meet a wide variety of people, each with their own beliefs, dreams, habits and ways of looking at the world.''' ,'''I've grown in maturity because I understood from an intellectual standpoint how serious Covid-19 is and all the effects it was having on our society.''' ,'''I think Basketball Without Borders is huge just because of the platform that basketball is.''' ,'''I love the Bay Area.''' ,'''There's going to be a time when the ball stops bouncing and you have to move on to something different, whatever that is.''' ,'''Even though basketball takes up most of my time, I try to pursue intellectual interests whenever I can.''' ,'''Anytime you want to get into religious or political views, that can instantly polarize people.''' ,'''Basketball is my first love, but it's not my only one.''' ,'''You know, seeing the analytics explosion in the NBA. It wasn't something I was really into in college but in the NBA everything is numbers and how you can be more efficient, so that led to me trying to make my body more efficient, and obviously Fitbit was at the top of the line for that so it made sense.''' ,'''Giving back to Ames is something that me and my wife have tried to do since I've been in the League and I've been fortunate enough to be able to give back.''' ,'''I've been a role player on a championship team, and I've learned a lot from that.''' ,'''I know that I won't be an athlete forever. I have to have a vision of what I want to be afterward.''' ,'''I've always wanted to partner with a family business because their stories inspire me. One of my biggest hopes is that the family will invest in me, educating me about their business, and imparting many other valuable lessons. This process of helping an owner transition her business to trusted hands really excites me.''' ,'''Staying low, not dipping the basketball, being efficient on my jabs and movements - paying attention to these things helped me grow and made me the player I wanted to be.''' ,'''Obviously, I'm not complaining about my role at Golden State, because we won a lot of games doing that.''' ,'''Being in the NBA and able to connect with fans through social experiences is great.''' ,'''You can never not make your voice heard - there's always more we can all be doing.''' ,'''Coming from the sports world, I'm interested in the secrets of team culture and chemistry.''' ,'''My sister-in-law actually lives in Johannesburg with her husband.''' ,'''Growing up, I used to go to the Fred Hoiberg camp all the time. I used to have so much fun there - just me and my friends going to these camps, having fun playing around.''' ,'''I think winning a championship, for me, it put things in perspective. You can either be a great player on a so-so team, or you can be a role player on a championship team, or, in an extreme case, a great player on a championship team.''' ,'''It is pretty cool to see how quickly things can change.''' ,'''People assume that just because you get paid a lot of money and have a lot of attention that all of the sudden you're guaranteed this many shots. I have to prove that every day in practice.''' ,'''Being able to play sports in a school or public environment was everything for me - basketball, soccer, track.''' ,'''As an athlete, I'm always thinking about habits and goals and how to achieve the things I want to achieve.''' ,'''Change is very slow, it takes time.''' ,'''Coach Kerr is cool, I got a chance to spend a lot of time with him and talk to him not only about basketball, but adjusting to the Bay Area as well as his experiences and my experiences.''' ,'''I love reading. I've had the chance to meet some of my favorite authors, that's been really cool.''' ,'''I know there is an opportunity to make some money and have a life-changing effect on me and those things are great. I don't take those things for granted whatsoever, but my focus is really on my craft.''' ,'''Growing up I had so many people who were born and raised in Ames who were important to me and gave me so much.''' ,'''I am drawn to leaders who set out to make positive changes in their communities.''' ,'''You've got to just be productive, do what you need to do on the court whether its ball movement, isolation, whatever type of system you're in, and do the best that you can do.''' ,'''You have to have that balance of scoring and playmaking, and learn how to be a closer.''' ,'''At Carolina, I was surrounded by great players, and we felt like we were one of the more talented teams in the country. My job was to score. In the NBA, it's different.''' ,'''To me, I'm honored to be able to talk to and interview people like Dr. Harry Edwards and Emmitt Smith, and just to be able to ask them questions is an unbelievable opportunity. I'm not a journalist. I have no idea about that. My wife is 10 times the writer that I am. I'm not going to be on that level.''' ,'''As we know, one of the dark sides of social media is online harassment.''' ,'''Interacting with different people who have different stories sparked my curiosity about what makes people not only good at what they do, but also good, period.''' ,'''Kerr is great, but I started my career under Mark Jackson, so there's no hard feelings there.''' ,'''I always wanted to be on the same court as Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant.''' ,'''The longer you stay in college the better a brand you build.''' ,'''As a player, you always want to know what you can do. At the end of your career, you can look back and say, look, I was able to get this much out of my playing career and I was able to become this type of player. I think that's what allows you to sleep well at night.''' ,'''You know, when we talk about leadership - in sports, politics, business - we talk a lot about success but not a whole lot about failure.''' ,'''I was just a kid from Ames.''' ,'''I feel like if you start letting other people dictate how you're going to play the game, you shouldn't play the game. That's just that simple.''' ,'''I made the decision to go to Dallas. I don't really dwell on that and just move forward.''' ,'''Being able to win gold would be huge because you're playing for so much more than your team, your organization, or your city. You're playing for your country, and to be able to represent Team U.S.A. across your chest and go up there and compete, it's the highest honor.''' ,'''I realize I got to where I am because people took the time to invest in me and make sacrifices and hopefully I can pay that forward and try to my part to help somebody else.''' ,'''I love being around Dirk. Off the court, he is hilarious. Like, one of the funniest dudes I've ever been around and I don't think people realize because, you know, they see him on the court as an absolute killer.''' ,'''I didn't have cable growing up. The only games I saw were the NBA on Sundays and the NBA Finals.''' ,]
+++