+++
author = "Miguel Cabrera"
title = "Miguel Cabrera Quotes"
quotes_len = "57"
description = "the best 57 Miguel Cabrera Quotes"
keywords = "miguel cabrera,miguel cabrera quotes,miguel cabrera quote,miguel cabrera sayings,miguel cabrera saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The Triple Crown, or any of that stuff, is not my focus. My focus is on winning. I just hope people can be happy with that.''' ,'''I just try to find ways to help my team win.''' ,'''I don't like drama.''' ,'''I want to play with my heart.''' ,'''We want to win a World Series for Detroit. That's our goal.''' ,'''If you want to walk me, walk me. But if I see something close to home plate, I want to swing.''' ,'''Days off always help. Even if people don't like it when they give you a day off, you've got to take a day off because sometimes you've got to clear your mind.''' ,'''Got to play, man. Got to play hard.''' ,'''I think baseball can bring a lot of happiness to the people and people can be together.''' ,'''I think sports can bring a lot of happiness to people.''' ,'''I think baseball is a very fine game, and you have to enjoy it. You have to go out there and have fun.''' ,'''God blessed me with this talent, so why would I not want to not play? I want to play every single game.''' ,'''You have to respectfully listen to advice.''' ,'''It's why this sport is so great. You learn something every day. Every day, something.''' ,'''My wife says I don't listen when she talks. But when people talk, I'm in my own world. I think - always thinking.''' ,'''When I was coming up, I just wanted to play baseball and I'm doing what I love to do most. How can I feel pressure doing what I love to do?''' ,'''First you help yourself, and then you can help everybody.''' ,'''I want to do everything I can to play baseball.''' ,'''When you grow up, people don't speak the truth. You can see, when you trust people, you help them.''' ,'''Detroit is part of my family and part of my life, my home.''' ,'''If you do something every day a little, the end is going to be big.''' ,'''I always like to play. I cannot sit down and see what's going to happen, because it's boring.''' ,'''You've got to be flexible. If you want to win, you have to do whatever it takes.''' ,'''I try to be myself. Do anything to win games.''' ,'''Doesn't matter what people say, doesn't matter what they are going to say about you. You gotta go out there and play your game.''' ,'''You can't trust people.''' ,'''I feel like the same person, but I feel as if I need to work twice as much now.''' ,'''I want to be a Tiger.''' ,'''When you see a guy play hard, it's kind of like you want to follow him.''' ,'''I focus on what I can do in this game. I don't have speed. I'm not a guy who can have a stolen base. I wish I could, but I can't.''' ,'''I think sports can help any country get together.''' ,'''I learned so much from my mistakes.''' ,'''It's a beautiful thing, baseball.''' ,'''We have the great fans in Detroit. We've got a great ballpark, great stadium.''' ,'''When I do something, I don't want to be second best. That's the right way.''' ,'''Swing at strikes. You've got to swing at strikes.''' ,'''I love to play in Detroit.''' ,'''Every day, you got to do adjustments. Every pitch. You got to do what it takes.''' ,'''People don't realize a lot of things about me. A lot of things, they don't know.''' ,'''You don't know how long you can play this game, so you keep playing it until they tell you to stop.''' ,'''You play with pain. You don't think about it.''' ,'''I love this game. I love to have fun. You're playing a sport that you've loved since you were a kid, you get paid for it, and even if you're 0-for-20 or 0-for-30, you still have fun.''' ,'''I'm taking my time. I feel much more confident, and every day I feel like I'm getting better.''' ,'''When you leave your country, it's hard to leave your family over there. My whole family is in Venezuela.''' ,'''I am comfortable talking about everything because I think you can't hide it. I can't hide what I'm doing. I can't lie to people when they see something.''' ,'''If a pitcher makes a mistake inside, I'm going to hit it.''' ,'''How are you gonna score if somebody doesn't drive in the runs?''' ,'''When you're not doing good, the world's going to be against you.''' ,'''I don't worry about my age. God gave me strength and the ability to keep playing.''' ,'''If you go to a game nervous, you make a mistake.''' ,'''To me, as long as I can play and I'm not hurting the team, I'm playing.''' ,'''I want people to think of me as one of the game's greatest players.''' ,'''I don't want to just be the best player. I want to be a great person, too.''' ,'''I'm not mad when people talk bad about me; that's the way it is.''' ,'''I'm the kind of guy who, if I look inside and they throw me a fastball outside, and it's a strike, I'm going to swing. Everything in the strike zone, I'm going to swing. Doesn't matter if it's a fastball, changeup, breaking ball. If it's in the strike zone and it's something you like, you've got to swing.''' ,'''If I worry about what everybody is saying, there is going to be a lot on my mind. I don't want that.''' ,'''I'm just trying to play my best and have fun.''' ,]
+++