+++
author = "Patrick Swayze"
title = "Patrick Swayze Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Patrick Swayze Quotes"
keywords = "patrick swayze,patrick swayze quotes,patrick swayze quote,patrick swayze sayings,patrick swayze saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You know, I am a Leo. Lion is a giant part of me.''' ,'''When it looks like I may live longer than five minutes I'll drop cigarettes like a hot potato.''' ,'''I'm trying to shut up and let my angels speak to me and tell me what I'm supposed to do.''' ,'''I keep my heart and my soul and my spirit open to miracles.''' ,'''I just love to work hard.''' ,'''I had a lot of anger because I wasn't happy with the way I had been raised.''' ,'''I will go so far as to say probably smoking had something to do with my pancreatic cancer.''' ,'''The way to screw up somebody's life is to give them what they want.''' ,'''If you live through the initial stage of fame and get past it, and remember thats not who you are. If you live past that, then you have a hope of maybe learning how to spell the word artist.''' ,'''As always, I appreciate all the love and support people have sent and continue to send my way.''' ,'''I dropped about 20 pounds in the blink of an eye. And then when you see it in the mirror, when all of a sudden you pull your eyes down, and the bottom of your eyes go yellow and jaundice sets in - then you know something's wrong.''' ,'''I keep dreaming of a future, a future with a long and healthy life, not lived in the shadow of cancer but in the light.''' ,'''My work... is my legacy.''' ,'''I don't know how many hills and valleys I've had, how many times I've had to refocus my world and my life and my career.''' ,'''There are people who want me to do a cologne. They want to call it 'Patrick.' I was offered a fortune to make exercise videos. Posters, all kinds of stuff - something like $10 million worth. It's insanity. I'm not going to do any of it.''' ,'''The longer your life goes on, the more death you face.''' ,'''I don't know what's on the other side.''' ,'''If I'm going to do television, I wanted that 'North and South' experience. I wanted something that's going to challenge me on a constant basis.''' ,'''It just blows me away that I am on, I don't know what generation of fans.''' ,'''You can't be pregnant in leotards, and this is the last chance for us to get our bodies into the shape of concert dancers and capture it with the magic of film.''' ,'''There's just something about dance. It's like a primal thing in all of us.''' ,'''I wanna live.''' ,'''Everything is designed to help you sell out.''' ,'''I like to believe that I've got a lot of guardian warriors sittin' on my shoulder including my dad.''' ,'''To be honest, I've made a game out of trying to live through my James Dean, Janis Joplin, Freddie Prinze, Jim Morrison period, those demons that we all have that we're either successful or not at making work for us rather than destroy us.''' ,'''If I leave this Earth, I want to leave this Earth just knowing I've tried to give something back and tried to do something worthwhile with myself.''' ,'''When you are a pit bull, and you love what you do and you are going to continue to grow, that talent will find its way out.''' ,'''I've never been one to run from a challenge.''' ,'''I don't want to be a poster child for cancer.''' ,'''I've had so many injuries.''' ,'''One thing I'm not going to do is chase staying alive. You spend so much time chasing staying alive, you won't live.''' ,'''I took after my father.''' ,'''I got completely fed up with that Hollywood blockbuster mentality. I couldn't take it seriously any longer.''' ,'''Together we can make a world where cancer no longer means living with fear, without hope, or worse.''' ,'''How do you nurture a positive attitude when all the statistics say you're a dead man? You go to work.''' ,'''What's powerful about a love scene is not seeing the act. It's seeing the passion, the need, the desire, the caring, the fear.''' ,'''I don't want to be Mr. Romantic Leading Man. I don't want to be the Dance Dude. I don't want to be the Action Guy. If I had to do any one of those all my life, it'd drive me crazy.''' ,'''Good-looking people turn me off. Myself included.''' ,'''Talent deserves to be honored. Hands deserve to be slapped if you do something stupid as well, but don't take it too far.''' ,'''Sometimes a movie encapsulates a period or a moment in all of our lives in such a way that it never dies.''' ,'''What winning is to me is not giving up, is no matter what's thrown at me, I can take it. And I can keep going.''' ,'''You can imagine me as a kid growing up in redneck Texas with ballet shoes, tucking the violin under my arm. I had to fight my way up.''' ,'''When people are away from home, they do things they might not normally do.''' ,'''I am very, very clear on how difficult it is for a young kid out there to go into the arts without taking a lot of heat from his peers.''' ,]
+++