+++
author = "Jungkook"
title = "Jungkook Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Jungkook Quotes"
keywords = "jungkook,jungkook quotes,jungkook quote,jungkook sayings,jungkook saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'll continue to grow and become a singer that melts hearts.''' ,'''Isn't a man someone who doesn't care about what others think? A man does whatever he wants.''' ,'''I absolutely dress down for daily fashion.''' ,'''Music and fashion complement one another when combined.''' ,'''There are a lot of things that we want to show people, and if you try to show everything about us in a single album, it's a burden for us - and it's a lot for people to handle and accept.''' ,'''I once wore a pair of bright red sneakers with a grey track pants.''' ,'''I always dress my way!''' ,'''I get pimples sometimes, and it's very stressful.''' ,'''Jin used to be an ordinary guy in the team, but he's the mood maker now. He's the most wicked and funniest of all. No one in BTS is normal, though, come to think of it.''' ,'''We do make sure that one person doesn't stand out. But then, we are really unique. We all have our style, so I think we all stand out. We each have our own roles and positions in the band, and then we work together to make sure we all try hard for the Army.''' ,'''When I was younger, I thought that everything would just come to me eventually, but now I see I have to take the initiative and practise to improve myself.''' ,'''When I begin to feel tired and do not want to work anymore, I see my members next to me working so hard without taking a break. When I see the members like that, I end up thinking a lot. Because we can see each other grow and hold each other accountable, we all improve together.''' ,]
+++