+++
author = "Carlos Castaneda"
title = "Carlos Castaneda Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Carlos Castaneda Quotes"
keywords = "carlos castaneda,carlos castaneda quotes,carlos castaneda quote,carlos castaneda sayings,carlos castaneda saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''All paths are the same, leading nowhere. Therefore, pick a path with heart!''' ,'''We have to balance the lineality of the known universe with the nonlineality of the unknown universe.''' ,'''A man of knowledge chooses a path with a heart and follows it and then he looks and rejoices and laughs and then he sees and knows.''' ,'''The things shamans deal with are extremely practical. They break down parameters of normal historical reality. Magical passes are just one aspect of that.''' ,'''We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.''' ,'''A man of knowledge lives by acting, not by thinking about acting.''' ,'''To compare Tensegrity with yoga or t'ai chi is not possible. It has a different origin and a different purpose. The origin is shamanic, the purpose is shamanic.''' ,'''The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.''' ,'''Look at every path closely and deliberately, then ask ourselves this crucial question: Does this path have a heart? If it does, then the path is good. If it doesn't, it is of no use.''' ,'''To achieve the mood of a warrior is not a simple matter. It is a revolution. To regard the lion and the water rats and our fellow men as equals is a magnificent act of a warrior's spirit. It takes power to do that.''' ,'''The only thing that is real is the being in you that is going to die.''' ,'''Leave Jesus on the cross. He's very happy there!''' ,]
+++