+++
author = "Elisabeth Rohm"
title = "Elisabeth Rohm Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Elisabeth Rohm Quotes"
keywords = "elisabeth rohm,elisabeth rohm quotes,elisabeth rohm quote,elisabeth rohm sayings,elisabeth rohm saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It would probably break my heart to hear that people didn't like me. I don't look on the Internet.''' ,'''I'm a straight shooter, a New York City girl. I see things as they are and call them as they are.''' ,'''When you fall head over heels for someone, you're not falling in love with who they are as a person; you're falling in love with your idea of love.''' ,'''I had a soap opera, and my next job was working with Kyle McLachlan on The Invisible Man.''' ,'''I would love for TNT to run the whole season at one point. I don't think that'll ever happen, though.''' ,'''I've grown as a person. The dynamics on this set are very demanding because we work a lot of hours, it's very sad material, so there's always someone upset because it's really heavy stuff.''' ,'''The business is a very tricky obstacle course, and you should be very clear about work begetting work. If you're not working, you're not interesting.''' ,'''Better to just be real. Show up and do your job and be a nice person.''' ,'''You never stop learning. If you have a teacher, you never stop being a student.''' ,'''I always wanted the fairy tale, but now I want someone who is a great partner.''' ,'''That difficult place to put your finger on about the world - it needs to be illustrated.''' ,'''I stuck out like a sore thumb when I came on, just by the fact that I looked so different. I think that adjustment for the audience was a hurdle for me.''' ,'''You've got to clock the hours and pay your dues. Then eventually, people will come to you. You have to be patient and appreciative.''' ,'''I'm a great fan of Carey Lowell's and I loved Jill Hennessey.''' ,'''Dick Wolf was my first boss after coming out of Sarah Lawrence.''' ,'''I was very excited about the idea that I could be an idealist, that I could be my age, the eager beaver who had hope in the justice system and the one who gets disappointed just like the audience.''' ,'''It's really nice to pass the ball when you're in an ensemble cast.''' ,'''I have a lot of courage. I'm a realist.''' ,'''Life came in and put me in front of the camera before I could really make a decision, but I think I probably would have gravitated to film.''' ,'''I needed to move, but I haven't had the time to find a place to go.''' ,'''I've grown up so much here. It's been two years. I've become a woman here, I've become an actress here.''' ,'''I don't think people were betting on me, but they were giving me a chance. I think I rode a wave there, by being different in appearance than the girls who preceded me.''' ,'''I try to watch the show every week and improve upon myself. I've become a fan.''' ,'''I got out of college in 1997, and TV embraced me very quickly.''' ,'''What made me fall in love with acting, which is my life, was watching other people perform. It made me hunger to do that.''' ,]
+++