+++
author = "Lucas Till"
title = "Lucas Till Quotes"
quotes_len = "81"
description = "the best 81 Lucas Till Quotes"
keywords = "lucas till,lucas till quotes,lucas till quote,lucas till sayings,lucas till saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''All my childhood dreams have come true.''' ,'''My dad had me in Taekwondo when I was a kid, but I didn't retain much of that.''' ,'''I'm sure there are some haters out there, but I just put my blinders on.''' ,'''I had discipline in other areas but certainly not in athletics.''' ,'''It was awesome and liberating to play a Russian spy.''' ,'''Man, the '80s were pretty wacky. You had some stuff that was just so rad and some stuff that was just so wrong.''' ,'''I love to dance. I've been told I'm actually really good.''' ,'''I play a lot of video games, and I go to the gym.''' ,'''I always wanted to play characters, and that was definitely one - a Russian spy.''' ,'''Most actors are like, 'I want to be more like Marlon Brando.' But when I was a little kid, I just wanted to be an action hero! Then I grew up, and my interests were different.''' ,'''I have a lot of respect for people with a lot of talent.''' ,'''If you're a fan, you can appreciate everything I say.''' ,'''It felt so good and natural, I should have been on a horse my entire life. I fell in love with riding.''' ,'''Every time I work with real Southern actors... we immediately go into white trash, and we just get along really well within one night, you know.''' ,'''I have a healthy addiction to binge-watching TV.''' ,'''I hate the amount of communication, the obligation that you have just by owning a phone.''' ,'''I love technology and I can handle myself around a computer.''' ,'''See, it's kind of like James Bond. There's a new James Bond every couple of years. Maybe I can do the new 'MacGyver' and put my own twist on it.''' ,'''I'm really into video games.''' ,'''All I wanted was attention from girls when I was a kid. Then I got my braces off, and then there was too much attention, and I was also mad that they didn't pay attention to me in the first place. Then I was just like, I couldn't put on blinders and focus on one because there were too many options.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I think I wanted to be Arnold Schwarzenegger.''' ,'''I've always done a lot of stunts in the past, and I sound like I'm tooting my own horn here, but I've always impressed the people I've worked with, and they've let me do more and more.''' ,'''Aren't people supposed to do movies so that they can get girls?''' ,'''I just finished a Jackie Chan movie, yes. That was an experience. I can mark that off on my bucket list.''' ,'''I'm a 'Fast & Furious' fan.''' ,'''I always try to plan things out, but they never work out the way I expect.''' ,'''Emily Osment has 'osteo-old-woman-itis.' She can't lift weights or do physical activity but ride her bike and do yoga.''' ,'''I've always dreamed of being a superhero, and I actually got to play one!''' ,'''I learned how to make an endoscope using a Swiss Army Knife, a cell phone camera, cell phone, and chewing gum.''' ,''''Hannah Montana' gets no disrespect from me because it's certainly done me a lot of favors.''' ,'''I don't want to sound trite, but 'Star Wars' really, really impacted me.''' ,'''I've kind of been in a video game, I've kind of been an action figure. It was actually a Barbie doll, so that's why I say kind of, but if I can get made fun of on 'South Park' or 'Family Guy,' then I'll know that I've done something good with my life.''' ,'''Growing up, I'd watch 'Rambo' or 'Commando,' and so many action heroes were these huge guys with six-pack abs. It almost became a novelty.''' ,'''Portraying Alex Summers, I want to look as athletic as his character is in the comics.''' ,'''I don't want to have anything to do with that: just the fame without personal respect for your privacy.''' ,'''If some guy said this to me, I wouldn't listen either, but one-rep max-outs are the dumbest things you can do to yourself.''' ,'''Angus is a pretty crappy name.''' ,''''Crush' was my first number one on the call sheet.''' ,'''I absolutely love genre movies. When I was a kid, I was really impacted by genre films and cult classics.''' ,'''My mom's a chemist, so she's pretty smart.''' ,'''I don't really try too hard to be anything that I'm not.''' ,'''I always love to do my own stunts when they let me, right?''' ,'''I think Selena Gomez is extremely talented.''' ,'''I don't think that 'Hannah' garnered a whole lot of respect from certain people.''' ,'''I'm not a big fan of guitar face: you know, when someone's playing guitar, and they make this really embarrassing face, like they smush their lips together and... they look you in the eye, and it's really humiliating.''' ,'''When you say 'Monster Trucks,' people don't think monsters inside of trucks.''' ,'''It's funny: I've always wanted to grow my hair out ,and I always seem to get a movie right before it's sort of the right length or right after, and it's never timed right.''' ,'''I don't want to be a part of something I don't want to watch.''' ,''''Legend of the Drunken Master' was my favorite.''' ,'''In 'Crush,' it still has a lot of elements of other genres, and then the horror is layered on top of it, especially towards the end.''' ,'''Acting is not a normal job, no, but I don't think that takes me out of the game as far as having had the experience of being a hard worker.''' ,'''I don't know about actually doing real productive work on my own car.''' ,'''I never read any of the comics, but I grew up on the animated series when I was a little kid - I guess it came out in 1992. So I've always been an 'X-Men' fan.''' ,'''I was really just too small for football.''' ,'''I think there's certain things that I know in my head that I enjoy: action movies.''' ,''''Lord of the Rings' was my jam. I was so depressed when I realized that I couldn't live in Middle-earth. And I was so sad when I was eleven and didn't get a letter from Hogwarts saying that I was going to be a wizard!''' ,'''I would describe my relationship with my couch as symbiotic - others would describe it as dangerous.''' ,'''I want to be relatable. I want to be the guy that people root for.''' ,'''If you had known me in middle school, I was definitely not what someone would think of as Brad Pitt. That was not me. I was kind of a dork.''' ,'''The show is called 'MacGyver,' and I've got to be there every day. There are probably a lot of girls out there watching the show that I don't have time to talk to.''' ,'''I remember when I was first auditioning to be a part of it, I thought it would be way to cool and there was no way it would actually happen, so I still can't believe I'm in the 'X-Men' and I'm Havok.''' ,'''I'm a huge video gamer, sometimes a little too much. I'll shut myself in my room just so I can play video games all day and I end up neglecting my friends.''' ,'''I don't see any harm in working, getting out there, and practicing.''' ,'''I would love to do my own stunts, but stunts are not something I have a lot of experience with.''' ,'''I grew up with a truck. My dad had one, so I like trucks.''' ,'''I think you'd have to live under a rock to not know who MacGyver is.''' ,'''That one was stunt heavy. 'Monster Trucks' was a lot of stunts. I got to do some insane stunts they should've never let me do.''' ,'''Hard work always wins in the end.''' ,'''My dad's nickname was MacGyver when we were kids. He'd hijack my projects all the time. When I got older, he would not do it as much... but he would just end up hijacking the whole thing. You should see the look in his eyes when he gets to create stuff.''' ,'''I was a small kid.''' ,''''Monster Trucks' is like a big action movie.''' ,'''My uncle is a mechanic, and I wish I had paid more attention, but I never did.''' ,'''A lot of people when I walk into meetings are like, 'Come on, let's talk more about 'X-Men.' What's it like to be Havok?' It certainly has been opening a lot of doors.''' ,''''Paranoia' was pretty awesome because it was the cast of 'Air Force One,' Gary Oldman and Harrison Ford back together, pitted against each other again, so that was pretty neat.''' ,'''If you talk to anyone who's done a stair fall, there's not one stair fall, no matter how many pads you have on or how protected you are, where you don't hurt something really bad.''' ,'''It's refreshing going from getting picked on in middle school to getting my name screamed out across the street.''' ,'''Do you remember those AM radio kits you get as a kid, and you build your own AM radio? Well, I never actually built one. But I did get them as a gift, for, like, 3 Christmases in a row, and I hated them.''' ,'''I took Jujitsu for four years, which has no striking.''' ,'''We all grew up with Chevy Chase and Bill Murray.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I loved Jackie Chan.''' ,'''I look for a girl without pretense who is sweet and intelligent - preferably brunette, but that's not completely important.''' ,]
+++