+++
author = "Bailey Chase"
title = "Bailey Chase Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Bailey Chase Quotes"
keywords = "bailey chase,bailey chase quotes,bailey chase quote,bailey chase sayings,bailey chase saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I went to church as a kid, but it was as much a social thing as anything going to the youth group with the other kids and whatnot. It wasn't until I got out of college that I got on my own religious trip and started finding other things out there as well as philosophies. I've kinda been on my own spiritual path since then.''' ,''''Saving Grace,' even though fictionally it was set in Oklahoma, we shot it right outside of L.A.''' ,'''I prefer to do cable TV because it allows you the time to do other things. I definitely have an eye on doing more work in features and playing different characters, but I am also a big fan of going on vacation and playing golf and going to the beach.''' ,''''Longmire' is more of a show about the characters, and you couldn't pay a bigger compliment than to want to know more about my character, or the characters on the show.''' ,'''George Clooney had the web of celebrity from television and doing 'ER,' and he's able to parlay that into films. God willing, I'll be up there in a few years.''' ,'''Once a Cubs fan, always a Cubs fan.''' ,'''I was growing up with a single mom who'd be at work when I came home from school. So I'd just turn on the TV. I grew up watching old Clint Eastwood westerns. I adopted him as one of my male role models.''' ,''''Damages' was cool. It brought me back to New York for a little while, so that was a lot of fun, and I was obviously very excited about the opportunity to work with Rose Byrne and Glenn Close. I'd been a fan of that show before I started working on it.''' ,'''It was a great time to grow up in Chicago. It was the mid-'80s, and we had the '85 Bears and the Michael Jordan era.''' ,'''I had grand visions of being in professional sports. But when reality set in, I went, 'Oh, OK. I'll just move to Hollywood and be an actor.' I didn't want to look back on my life and wonder, 'What if I had done this? Or I had done that?'''' ,'''I live in Hollywood, California. It's absolutely nothing like Absaroka County, Wyoming. For me, it's a great escape and I really enjoy it.''' ,]
+++