+++
author = "Chris Diamantopoulos"
title = "Chris Diamantopoulos Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Chris Diamantopoulos Quotes"
keywords = "chris diamantopoulos,chris diamantopoulos quotes,chris diamantopoulos quote,chris diamantopoulos sayings,chris diamantopoulos saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I could rub a genie and anything could happen? Truthfully, my other love, and this is a complete 180, but I'd love to do a spy or an espionage pic, like a James Bond movie.''' ,'''I'm pretty handy in the kitchen. But my wife's the real genius.''' ,'''I'm not a comedian, I'm an actor.''' ,'''I would beg, borrow, and steal to live in N.Y.C.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of the 'James Bond' genre.''' ,'''I work in L.A. from time to time.''' ,'''It was interesting doing impressions as somebody else doing impressions. Normally, I'll do a voice, and it's me doing the voice. To have to be Robin Williams doing the voice was an interesting sort of study in getting into somebody's head.''' ,'''I'm what you call a good, old-fashioned working actor who has had delusions of grandeur for my entire career and has known what I want to do, but there's a lot going on out there. There are a lot fewer films being made, and there's a lot of competition.''' ,'''I'm barely reading the 'New York Times!' But I do try to keep abreast of things.''' ,'''You have to be a xenophile at heart to be a true New Yorker.''' ,''''The Stooges' used to be ubiquitous, back in the '60s and '70s. They were on TV all the time, but they're not on so much anymore. Kids aren't getting the chance to watch them, not to mention the fact that kids don't really necessarily relate to black-and-white stuff.''' ,'''In a pinch, when my leather shoes need a quick shine, I take the inside of a banana peel and rub it on the leather like I would a shoe wax. Then I spit-shine it and buff it with a cloth, and my shoes look great.''' ,'''I started watching 'The Stooges' religiously and obsessively when I was probably about four or five years old till around the age of 18.''' ,]
+++