+++
author = "Alok Nath"
title = "Alok Nath Quotes"
quotes_len = "97"
description = "the best 97 Alok Nath Quotes"
keywords = "alok nath,alok nath quotes,alok nath quote,alok nath sayings,alok nath saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Sir Richard Attenborough was a wonderful human being and an amazing actor and director. He was a British who really loved India, its people, the culture and the conscience. He lived a great life.''' ,'''One wrong move by a star kid and it immediately comes under the spotlight - even blown out of proportion, at times.''' ,'''I have never said no to a film. Except once, 20-25 years ago, when a producer from Madras wanted me to play Jeetendra's father.''' ,'''After 'Buniyaad,' I acted in a few movies as the main lead, but that did not work out well.''' ,'''Ultimately, we are actors and let's leave our past absolutely behind us.''' ,'''I was the father whom everyone looked up to and people could watch my films with the entire family. But then too much goodness is also not tolerated in our country.''' ,'''It always feels good when people around shower love on you.''' ,'''I had some crazy friends, girlfriends too. We had our share of parties and drunken escapades as well. Once when in college I ran out of money and had to sleep at a bus stop. It was fun, as all of us on Delhi's Hindu College campus were happy children of the Beatles' generation.''' ,'''I am feeling like I have completed the circle. I started with serious roles, done a grey shaded role, did fatherly roles and now a comedy.''' ,'''On television, I have always been paid a better sum than the main leads to play a babuji.''' ,'''One relationship that went a long way was the one with my present wife. It was almost 30 years ago. We worked in a serial together in the mid-'80s.''' ,'''I'm truly excited to be a part of 'Tu Mere Agal Bagal Hai' and SAB TV. This will be my first tryst with a comedy TV series on the small screen.''' ,'''The last time I met Sir Richard Attenborough was while dubbing for Gandhi in Mumbai. My interaction with him was short and sweet but definitely a memorable experience.''' ,'''I don't consider myself a big celebrity.''' ,'''I am usually portrayed as a widower, I don't get a wife on any show.''' ,'''During 'Buniyaad' we were young students and were lucky to have a director like Mr. Sippy. He taught us like parents teach their children.''' ,'''I have played father to Jackie Shroff and Rishi Kapoor.''' ,'''People find it odd when an older person talks about sex. Instead, it is accepted from a younger person. Having said that, I do feel awkward talking about such topics.''' ,'''I met the guy who started off the whole Babuji jokes. I removed my chappal the moment I saw him. But that was all for fun. I told him that he has done what I couldn't do in my 50-year career. I wanted to see the man who had the gall to crack such jokes.''' ,'''I haven't watched any shows online but I know that the content is not crippled by censorship and is much more experimental.''' ,'''I became a victim of my own good work in 'Buniyaad.' It established my credentials as an actor but I became Babuji forever, the benevolent father figure with a perpetual smile, who has a discourse on sanskaar ready.''' ,'''We should ensure to teach the next generation something good. We have such rich literature and history. Why can't we make better stories?''' ,'''Everything happens for a good reason, and see I am a known actor today. 'Buniyaad' taught me a lot and I am happy.''' ,'''In television, we are still catering to the middle class audience, I would not say regressive, but rooted in traditions. They still have babujis and dhoti-kurta clad characters. But in films the maas and babujis don't exist anymore.''' ,'''Don't get taken in by the superficiality of sanskaar. You can smoke, drink and have your share of fun. What matters is to do good deeds.''' ,'''There was a time when I wanted to play younger characters, but didn't fit the bill.''' ,'''I have tried making the roles that I have played in my career look different with my attitude, diction or my beahviour.''' ,'''It's all about making a right deal with the reel and real.''' ,'''My leg was pulled on social media with memes and jokes due to my 'sanskaari' image.''' ,'''What do you do when you don't have money to buy food or a house to live in? You accept whatever you get and incidentally, you are typecast in a particular role. And if you say no, eventually someone else will end up doing it, which will lead to an increase in the competition.''' ,'''Do whatever you want, but you can't be wrong towards your own country.''' ,'''I have got calls from people who are comparing me to Rajinikanth.''' ,'''Films are deprived of the conventional elderly figures now. They are more into yo moms and dads.''' ,'''I vividly remember my first interaction with Sir Richard Attenborough, I was in my final year at NSD (National School of Drama) in 1979, and casting director Dolly Thakore got in touch with me. We weren't supposed to work outside NSD but special permission was granted to the students who were shortlisted for the audition.''' ,'''The best thing about 'Maine Pyar Kiya' is that it has not turned vintage or old yet. People still remember, love and watch it whenever it is played which in itself is a stupendous feeling.''' ,'''Whenever I feel low, some higher power supports me. It could come through my wife, my children or even my dogs.''' ,'''I did schooling and graduation from Delhi and then went to the National School of Drama.''' ,'''Back in 1981, when I had moved to Mumbai from Delhi and literally lived on the streets, I started accepting any role that came my way.''' ,'''I hope I do more different types of roles before I die.''' ,'''I wasn't doing any movies because I was not getting the offers.''' ,'''The artists and creative people are not in a position to teach someone. Nobody wants to be taught through entertainment.''' ,'''I've heard of it, but I don't know too much about Tinder and I've never even dreamt of going on it because there is no need to at all. But if people want to delve in it, there's no harm. Each one to his own.''' ,'''I'm vociferously against any ban in the society. You have to educate people instead. When you ban something, you invoke in them the curiosity to find more about that.''' ,'''Everybody in the family decided to get a tattoo each as a sign of togetherness and pestered me to get one. You have to be with the times, and I'm glad my tattoo isn't scary or anything.''' ,'''I feel spirituality is not just restricted to God. There are ample manifestations of God on earth as well - in our parents and in the nature - trees, mountains and rivers.''' ,'''I didn't have a bachelor party, but even if I did, I wouldn't go to Vaishnodevi!''' ,'''Online entertainment is easy. You can't carry a TV set in your pocket, and everyone can't afford cinema tickets every week as they are expensive.''' ,'''I begin my day with a puja.''' ,'''It's because of all the jokes that I became popular and got roles in comedy shows like 'Nadaniya' and 'Badi Dooooor Se Aaye Hain.' I thoroughly enjoyed doing these shows because I got the chance to step out of my comfort zone.''' ,'''Whatever color you believe in, be it green or orange, Hindu or Muslim, you can't cheat your country.''' ,'''I don't want anyone to be glorified for one character.''' ,'''I was an integral part of school plays. And when I was in the ninth standard, Om Shivpuri directed me in a play called 'The Miser.' It was a huge hit.''' ,'''I have shielded myself against the volley of jokes that I have been made the subject of.''' ,'''It's too late in life to reinvent myself. I am just repackaging myself now.''' ,'''I was concerned about the viewers' acceptance. But people have found a comic slant in me, which I was never aware of.''' ,'''It's always like I am carrying a heavy cross with me on the sets. So it was important for me to try something new.''' ,'''I now realize the parts I played are too good to be true.''' ,'''A couple of times I experimented with negative roles but they didn't work for me, and I went back to playing the good old Babuji.''' ,'''The only thing that I find repetitive is the number of marriages I have arranged in films. That is one thing I stay away from in real life.''' ,'''I'm a chilled out dude.''' ,'''As an Indian and as a Hindu, I have been taught to see God everywhere right from my childhood.''' ,'''I have no monopoly and honestly, I wouldn't want anyone to get stuck in a role. There should be variety.''' ,'''That is the trend in our country. If you have been adored in a particular kind of role, people want to see more of it.''' ,'''In this age of social media, everyone is connected to everyone else.''' ,'''I've been to all the Dhaams, Tirupati, Shirdi, most of the temples in the Northern belt, but I go there for religious reasons. Pilgrimages are not my idea of fun!''' ,'''I am not a tech savvy person at all.''' ,'''I am a totally private person. I don't go to Bollywood parties.''' ,'''I could've made more of an effort to go back to theatre but I fell into the trap of recognition, fame and money.''' ,''''Sinskari' is an adult chat show, which will include questions about their deep dark secrets. Some dialogues may have to be beeped out.''' ,'''Spirituality is very individualistic - to each his own. I feel it's about keeping the spirit alive and everything else follows.''' ,'''We celebrities have stiff upper-lips.''' ,'''I have played father to people who were older than me.''' ,'''Nowadays so many things are happening all over the place. I'd sound really like a regressive babuji if I say stuff like the institution of marriage is crumbling.''' ,'''Actors are judged as big and small on the basis of the fee they charge. If it was for acting potential, dedication and good banners I could have been a star today.''' ,'''Gone are the days of letters and I miss them. My fans used to wish me via letters and I loved reading them.''' ,'''Suddenly, if I were to be seen in a sex comedy, it wouldn't be acceptable to my fans.''' ,'''The entire industry is a great commune. People from all walks of life come here - Hindu, Muslims, Sikhs and Christians. Now, our films are also getting international recognition.''' ,'''Nobody wants to be a laughing stock.''' ,'''Whatever we have done in the past has no meaning. What's important are the things which we are doing now.''' ,'''When I did theatre in Delhi, often the parts were of older men.''' ,'''Even after coming to Mumbai in 1981, I did theatre for some time.''' ,'''I am absolutely okay with jokes on me now, but initially, yes, I was perturbed ki why me? I am not a personality on whom jokes are made randomly. Later, I was like, if everyone is enjoying jokes on me, even I should laugh it off instead of opposing them.''' ,'''What you mean by freedom of speech? Democracy doesn't mean you abuse your country. Sedition has a law in the constitution. You can't give speeches against your country.''' ,'''I am happy that people are spending time on creating jokes on me.''' ,'''Along with true human relationships, 'Buniyaad' is a serial with lot of pain and emotions which even today is rarely found.''' ,'''I came to Bombay in January 1981. It was primarily for 'Gandhi.'''' ,'''I think people have too much time in their hands and constructive thinking is just waning in our country.''' ,'''When I was younger I did some pretty wild things with the limited options I had.''' ,'''As an actor it somehow gets monotonous to play the same role again and again. But I can't say no to them as I earn my bread and butter from this.''' ,'''I can bring some of my life experiences as I act, but it may not work vice versa.''' ,'''I personally feel that an actor should not take an important part in politics.''' ,'''I shot for 'Gandhi' for three days and got paid Rs 20,000, which was a huge amount in 1981.''' ,'''People liked me in the character of an old person and I started liking that too.''' ,'''The makers love to show women being oppressed, and the audience also loves watching these stories. I'm sorry to say, but a large portion of the audience that watches these shows are women. They make women cry and abuse in the shows and women audiences are glued to such plots. I don't understand this syndrome.''' ,'''The satisfaction that one gets from entertaining live audiences has a different feel.''' ,'''It would be difficult to break away from a set image, but as an actor, one would love to experiment with roles.''' ,'''When I started with Ramesh Sippy's 'Buniyaad' in 1985, I was in my mid-20s and within a year, I was elevated from a lover to a father and then to a grandfather. By the time the show finished, I was portraying the role of an 80-year-old man.''' ,]
+++