+++
author = "Emma Caulfield"
title = "Emma Caulfield Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Emma Caulfield Quotes"
keywords = "emma caulfield,emma caulfield quotes,emma caulfield quote,emma caulfield sayings,emma caulfield saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I definitely gravitate towards quality genre projects and genre of any kind whether it's science fiction, horror or really anything. I'm just drawn to quality. I don't think 'Darkness Falls' is horror; there isn't any gore by any stretch of the imagination.''' ,'''For a while now I've had this feeling that there's something that I'm supposed to be doing or something that I'm supposed to contribute. I don't know what that is yet, but it's been plaguing me - like I've missed my calling somehow.''' ,'''I've never considered stand-up. Luckily I'm given great lines to say. I'm not sure how great my timing would be if I actually had to come up with my own jokes.''' ,'''I don't get a chance to do many of my own stunts on 'Buffy' - none of us do. We have amazing stunt people who make us all look really believable and really good.''' ,'''I think my strongest suit is comedy. I certainly have limits in other areas.''' ,'''The best advice is to take it easy, respect speed limits and do not try to make up time lost in the tailbacks on the open road.''' ,'''I'm a huge science fiction fan.''' ,'''We love having the freedom that we have with the web; I mean, we don't have to answer to anybody. We have complete creative control; we don't have to worry about FCC regulations.''' ,'''There's no adventure in knowing the outcome of who you're supposed to be with.''' ,'''I'm very passionate about animals.''' ,'''I think my worst nightmare is standing up in front of a group of people.''' ,'''I find that when I'm ready for something to end, I transition quickly. But when something ends before its time, I find it hard to move on.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of 'Community'; it's, I think, one of the most brilliant comedy on television and has been for a long time.''' ,'''Sunday is my favorite day.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of being scared I like being scared. I like being involved in a film that will make audiences scared, that intrigues me.''' ,'''Bandwagon and all that it is is such a huge passion of mine. We're already bouncing around ideas for season three, what we would call our golden ticket, in terms of a celebrity we would pair up with. We have a few in mind, and a few topics.''' ,'''I don't really care if people get upset. I think I'm doing my job if people get upset; I want them to think! We all want them to think, hopefully.''' ,'''I had no interest in being your basic vanilla girl. I've been lucky enough that I haven't had to play that.''' ,'''We're far more defined by our mistakes than the things that we succeed at.''' ,'''No matter how successful you get in Hollywood, you cannot rest. Your new movie doesn't open well; they're looking for the next person to replace you; it's always something. You never have true peace.''' ,'''I think talking about one's love life is always... It's a Pandora's box, best kept in journals.''' ,]
+++