+++
author = "Anna Held"
title = "Anna Held Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Anna Held Quotes"
keywords = "anna held,anna held quotes,anna held quote,anna held sayings,anna held saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''No one could possibly look all the time like my photographs. It is dreadfully hard to live up to them. They stare at me everywhere.''' ,'''I have given up trying to be happy. It is no use and leads to nothing.''' ,'''One does not re-light a dead cigarette.''' ,'''You'll never catch a man if you let him think you are too smart.''' ,'''If I get married, I think I'd pick out a newspaperman rather than a millionaire. A newspaperman is a regular fellow.''' ,'''I don't want to get married, and I don't want to work after I'm 30, so I must manage my fortune somehow in the next seven years.''' ,'''For a married woman to flirt is a sin.''' ,'''A woman should be like a single flower, not a whole bouquet.''' ,'''Charm them with your presence as soon as they look at you.''' ,'''I know I am very beautiful.''' ,'''No one ever tells us the truth, even those we love.''' ,'''We must go fast, because the race is against time.''' ,'''At home in Paris I take a milk bath two times a week, but here on the road it is more difficult. I miss them.''' ,'''It is quite lovely being single, and I much prefer it.''' ,'''Whatever success I may have attained is due to the fact that since I was old enough to work at all, my ambition has never deserted me.''' ,'''The more they applaud, the bigger your salary will be.''' ,'''I wish to please the people, but I want to make them cry, perhaps. There, I have said it.''' ,'''I do not care for the money, just for the glory.''' ,'''I have never known the time when I did not wear stays. My stays are part of me.''' ,'''There is no disgrace in working. There was no silver spoon around at the time I was born.''' ,'''A woman must make her fortune before she is 30; or work after she is 30; or get married.''' ,'''It is a temptation for me to wear all my rings at once.''' ,'''I do not like vaudeville, but what can I do? It likes me.''' ,'''I think the eyes flirt most. There are so many ways to use them.''' ,'''You instinctively discover how to entertain an audience.''' ,'''How many women have the courage to start properly with a cold, cold bath early in the morning? I jump in, throw the water, cold as ice, and after the first plunge I am happy.''' ,'''Costumes and scenery alone will not attract audiences.''' ,'''My little dog, he did not get ill. It is so funny that people get ill on a boat and dogs do not.''' ,'''I was very adept at acquiring languages.''' ,'''I read the papers every day just to discover if one mentions Anna Held.''' ,'''Please do not ask me to talk about my divorce. Mr. Ziegfeld and I are such very good friends. It is only a little matter quite between ourselves.''' ,'''I speak English, so I am no longer cute. My tongue itches for French.''' ,'''Yes, I am seeking a husband. As soon as the right man asks me, I shall say, 'It is not good for a woman to live alone.'''' ,'''I let my personal feelings take care of themselves. I find that works better.''' ,'''Most women are indulgent of themselves. This is a mistake. It should be only the reward of old age.''' ,'''To put on a corset properly is as much of an art as to make a corset properly.''' ,'''People look at me and look, but I do not care.''' ,'''I am very, very proud of my ability as a cook.''' ,'''I do not say anything from jealousy.''' ,'''Some women flirt more with what they say, and some with what they do.''' ,'''I want to see people turn and writhe; make them feel things they cannot see and sometimes do not know.''' ,'''I don't believe in hasty marriages.''' ,]
+++