+++
author = "Zachary Levi"
title = "Zachary Levi Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Zachary Levi Quotes"
keywords = "zachary levi,zachary levi quotes,zachary levi quote,zachary levi sayings,zachary levi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People don't talk about religion a lot in Hollywood because it's not an incredibly safe place to do it.''' ,'''I started in theater, and I love to go back to theater, just to have the experience and recharge my batteries, creatively.''' ,'''If I have my way, I want to go start making really interactive television. Stuff where you can sit and watch real actors do a real series and they can get into some kind of gun battle and all of a sudden your television prompts you to pick up your controller and all of a sudden, you're playing a first-person shooter.''' ,'''I don't believe in strong-arming people.''' ,'''I think that 'Family Guy' is hysterical. It's edgy and hip - and they can do whatever they want to do because it's animated and they're not limited by budget.''' ,'''Oh I've done bungee jumping. Skydiving, I have motorcycles that I ride. I'm a little bit of an adrenaline junkie in that way.''' ,'''My high school experience was pretty good, but my middle school experience was god awful. It was horrible. I got picked on like no tomorrow.''' ,'''If somebody says 'singer-songwriter' to me, the first person I think of is James Taylor. There are plenty of modern singer-songwriters, but there is something about James Taylor that has always resonated with me.''' ,'''I'm totally a geek.''' ,'''I'm a 'Lost' guy, I love 'Lost.'''' ,'''On a personal level, I love the idea of hosting an awards show. I think that sounds like kind of a fun thing to do.''' ,'''I want to go create my own independent content and entertainment, in new models and in new ways, and essentially show studios and networks that people are good.''' ,''''Aladdin' was probably my favorite Disney animation when I was a kid. The animation was great and Robin Williams was unbelievable as the Genie. 'Aladdin' was an amazing adventure and the lead character was a hero for guys, which I loved. It wasn't a princess or a girl beating the odds; it was a street rat. That seemed really cool to me.''' ,'''Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.''' ,'''Films are really cool because, every couple months, or however many times you can get a job because there's a lot of luck involved in that, you're playing a different character.''' ,'''I believe in incentivizing people. If you can incentivize people in anything, whether it's in politics; in life; in spirituality; in business; just take care of folks. Incentivize them and all of a sudden it's amazing the difference that you'll see.''' ,'''I get a lot that people have a hard time believing that I'm a nerd... but I grew up with a Nintendo controller in my hand.''' ,'''I'm a huge Disney nut. I have been since I was a little kid.''' ,'''Entertainment has this way of resetting itself.''' ,'''Fans will treat something preciously if they're given the opportunity to do so.''' ,'''There has been a kind of stereotypical 'gamer dude' that has been representative for the gamer community in the years past. But I want to spearhead or be a part of changing that.''' ,'''A lot of people, especially Christians, want to put you in this box of being a Christian actor, and I don't believe in it. You do yourself and everyone else a big disservice when you start thinking about it as 'Christian art.' That's why most Christian art is bad. They don't put a premium on the 'art.'''' ,'''There are a lot of people who consider themselves 'spiritual,' but that can mean a lot of things to a lot of people. I don't really talk about it that often, because there's too much talk in the world. Especially with Christians, there's more proselytizing than there is actual living proof of it. That's kind of sad.''' ,'''You know, Hollywood is a very interesting town - always has been, always will be.''' ,'''I mean, I like to consider myself a reasonably athletic guy.''' ,'''I believe in conscientious capitalism; that's a kind of driving force with me.''' ,'''I'll watch a Pixar movie over and over and over again. I'll be with friends of mine who have kids, that want to watch 'Finding Nemo,' and I'm like, 'Yeah, okay, let's watch 'Nemo' again, for the seven billionth time!,' because they're amazing movies.''' ,'''I could probably give you a list of a dozen pet peeves I have about my own physicality and why I couldn't get a second date.''' ,'''My whole background, my whole life was just lots and lots of theater, a lot of that being musical theater.''' ,'''I believe that as an entertainer, you're only as good as your audience and the people who support you.''' ,]
+++