+++
author = "Masaba Gupta"
title = "Masaba Gupta Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Masaba Gupta Quotes"
keywords = "masaba gupta,masaba gupta quotes,masaba gupta quote,masaba gupta sayings,masaba gupta saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My friends were raised by their maids. They didn't see their fathers, who used to travel for work, and there were facades of family vacations. I have grown up to be completely intolerant of fake relationships. That's because of how my parents were.''' ,'''Everyone has a perception if you are divorced. I got so busy with work that I didn't even have the time to realize what was happening in my personal life. I had my own way of dealing with it.''' ,'''The power of Bollywood is undeniable. When a celebrity wears your clothes, it sells out - stars here can make you a household name.''' ,'''Layering is the best way to express yourself through jewelry; each piece makes a statement, each piece has its story and if curated and layered well, it can enhance your look and make sure you stand out.''' ,'''One thing we do, to be inclusive, is that when we shoot campaigns, we ensure to do so with models of different body types, skin colors and with those hailing from different cultures.''' ,'''For me, inclusivity is a very important subject because it's a diverse world and every person is different and unique.''' ,'''I agree the SS 2014 collection from my own line comprising knee pads and polka dots didn't feel too good but I'm proud of the fact that it was original.''' ,'''Pair kurtas with cigarette pants, formal pants or palazzos for a more relaxed yet classy look.''' ,'''I have changed drastically because I allow myself to not just grieve and feel down.''' ,'''Embrace your vulnerability and celebrate your flaws; it will let you appreciate the world around you and make you more compassionate.''' ,'''According to me, the key is 'less is more.' For instance, if the print is the star of your outfit, don't accessorize too much. And if you have a gorgeous piece of jewellery, allow it to shine through.''' ,'''I played professional tennis for about six years and I played football and handball in school as well.''' ,'''I can't be diplomatic or compromise or take crap from people, so I'd probably make an exit way before I even made a proper entry into Bollywood.''' ,'''You wear your jewelry, don't let it wear you.''' ,'''I want to be the Tory Burch of India - never once moving from my aesthetic, but offering a story and putting a print on whatever I can.''' ,'''It's very important for me to wake up and do some form of workout every day.''' ,'''I am a big fan of players like Roger Federer, Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic and Leander Paes. I would love to see them play.''' ,'''Designer labels, throughout the history of fashion, have maintained an air of exclusivity around themselves. Call it hype, criticize it if you will. But fashion has used this 'exclusive' tag to make itself coveted.''' ,'''For me, three vacations is more value-for-money than a mandap with diamonds on it.''' ,'''I do want to do a strong bridal line.''' ,'''I make and wear black and white for myself because it centers me.''' ,'''For women looking to dress up on a budget, a jacket is a good investment.''' ,'''I want to set an example and say that you don't need to wear a certain color, a certain type of maang tika; your hair doesn't have to look a particular way.''' ,'''No crash diets work. I have tried everything, believe me.''' ,'''I grew up thinking I was inferior to white-skinned people. And as a child if you are conditioned like this, it becomes a part of your upbringing that you believe that probably because I look like this, I won't get anywhere in life.''' ,'''I don't force reinvention. I play with silhouette and color, since Indian as well as Caribbean women have a penchant for these.''' ,'''Athleisure is a cool concept and something I have always wanted to work with.''' ,'''I think a lot of magazine covers are heavily photoshopped and bodies are distorted to look a certain way.''' ,'''I used to have a Milton steel water bottle that I would wield like a hammer, almost! My answer to all my bullies was to take out my bottle and hit them.''' ,'''Every time I attempt something feminine, I can't resist adding Amazon-inspired designs.''' ,'''Know your worth and please don't invest in toxic people or relationships, because any bond that requires servicing is not worth your time.''' ,'''As a kid I had major issues with my skin, so I never experimented much with beauty.''' ,'''I believe getting rid of the divide between men and women will truly establish what it is to be equal. Fashion is increasingly acting as a weapon of change, inspiring ideas that blur that division, albeit in a subliminal manner.''' ,'''The kind of vision I have for menswear, men aren't ready to wear stuff that's so over the top!''' ,'''Anxiety is a trap; it's not a trend to be followed. It's not supposed to be cool, it's meant to be fixed.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of Netflix and its storytelling and couldn't be more excited to make my debut with such a strong creative partner.''' ,'''I think the evolution of Arya Stark's character has been incredible.''' ,'''When I made my debut, I remember bridalwear being the only thing you ever showed at a runway presentation.''' ,'''When I started out, I was more focussed on being creative and wanting to do certain things I hadn't done before. That's great if you're doing fashion as a hobby. But when you want to sell out stores, you need to be very sure of the balance between commerce and art.''' ,'''I do my own make-up always; I never let anyone else do it. It's quite simple, just eyeliner and a bit of lipstick.''' ,'''Nothing shines out more than a bride in her most natural state.''' ,'''In India we have hundreds of skin tones and don't we need to show that?''' ,'''See, I just don't want to starve at my wedding. So, my dream wedding is one where I get to eat a meal while everyone else enjoys themselves as well.''' ,'''Home is where I shed my skin.''' ,'''Tennis has so much glamour.''' ,'''There were boys in my class who would stick pencils in my curls, and say 'oh it's like a cushion' and laugh at me. Even my body type was very different from the other girls in my school. So I grew up thinking that I don't look good enough.''' ,'''I started out fairly easier but I had the problem of proving that I'm actually talented. People think you have a privilege over others and I had to keep working harder.''' ,'''I am young, and that reflects in my designs. I can't pretend to be 40.''' ,'''At the end of the day, the real goal of fashion is to create clothes that make you feel as comfortable as possible, inside and out - no matter what your gender.''' ,'''My father was as involved as he could be. He was busy, but called me every day. He knew what was happening in school, and even came for my tennis matches.''' ,'''It's hard to tell if fashion will hold on to its 'exclusive' attitude, or change completely. Only time and Instagram will tell.''' ,'''Weight-gain brings with it a number of health issues, but at some point you just realise that you want to live longer, eat healthier. You don't want to be out of breath when you climb a flight of stairs.''' ,'''My cultural identity is obviously a huge part of my design aesthetic.''' ,'''I work out five days a week with my personal trainer, who comes home and gets me cracking on my fitness routine.''' ,'''You know, all these fancy, detailed diets work only if you are sitting at home doing nothing. If you are working, where is the time to whip up food again and again?''' ,'''As I always say, if it fits you and looks good on you, it's for you.''' ,'''As with any outfit, the primary elements of normcore are fit, color, and texture, all of which must match both normcore's loose silhouette, and at the same time, suit your body. Above all else, it's about comfort. So if it doesn't look effortless and easy, it's not normcore.''' ,'''Normcore doesn't equal wearing the first pair of jeans and T-shirt from your wardrobe. Behind dressing easy, lies a precise selection.''' ,'''A piece that is extremely close to my heart is a gold ring with bouts of mint and baby pink that my grandfather gave to my mother and she passed it down to me. What's sweet is that it has my grandparent's name on the flipside.''' ,'''I feel women in India play as much cricket as men.''' ,'''I think Bengali women have the most eclectic sense of dressing.''' ,'''Can we first take care of our 'brown lives matter' in India and then worry about the U.S.? I find it bizarre that racism that is done so far away from home it is creating such an uproar. Look at the kind of racism people who are dark skinned in our country have to face.''' ,'''I wanted to be anything but a designer. I was not willing to enroll into fashion school. It is just because that was the last resort and there was nothing else, I had to do it!''' ,'''My mom is really naive - she thinks that because she is honest, other people will be honest too. That's not the way it works.''' ,'''I wanted to be a musician and studied vocals in London for a year and then I gave it up.''' ,'''I would love to design a car. And shoes, like funky Keds maybe.''' ,'''Only you can give yourself the love you need and deserve.''' ,'''I can't wear a sari to save my life. So when I'm designing them, I know what I want: it definitely has to be lightweight and have pockets - girls have a lot to carry around, let's face it.''' ,'''Once upon a time, fashion was complex, and ostentatious was considered better.''' ,'''I wanted to act since I was 14, but I was dissuaded by my mother for various reasons. She told me I would be stereotyped.''' ,'''Very little thought goes into making this stuff I make. It is on impulse. I think of colors all day and suddenly if I think of ice blue, I wonder if red or yellow will go with it.''' ,'''Fabrics such as raw silk, velvet, shimmer, satin and georgette work well for the wedding season.''' ,'''It's natural to want to have the things your peers do, adopting a lifestyle that lets you have the best of all worlds, but it's a trap. Don't let any person, thing or even a lifestyle have the power to control you. Learn to break free and be independent.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I always saw brides around me under tremendous stress. The pressure to dress a certain way, wear a certain amount of jewelry and make-up... I saw how uncomfortable it was. So I decided that, if I do get married, I'll be someone who puts comfort first, and then looks at her options for cut, color, embroidery or jewelry.''' ,'''Homes are filled with who you are, as opposed to things.''' ,'''Mom and I are playing fictionalized characters of ourselves in 'Masaba Masaba.' The series is a slice of our lives, and reliving key moments, even though fictionalized, took me down memory lane.''' ,'''I love sports, but I never had the temperament for it.''' ,'''If someone would tease me about my hair, I would laugh... if someone called me black, I would laugh. I just took things in my stride. I was never made a victim.''' ,'''My job as a designer is done when my clothes inspire freedom in Muslim women to adopt fashion the way they desire.''' ,'''I just knew that there was a gap in the market for easy, comfortable garments that are neither luxury nor pret, but somewhere in between.''' ,'''My style is all about being comfortable in every outfit I decide to wear.''' ,'''We are now welcoming a world where fashion is not bogged down by binary gender norms. The trend is moving beyond symbolizing its wearers' identity or gender. It's now being accepted by the mainstream as more of a look, both on the catwalk and the high street.''' ,'''I used to be angry all the time and at everybody. I would get really violent.''' ,'''I think Calcutta is that kind of a market that if you are a Delhi or a Bombay designer, they feel they are being shortchanged and given stock that isn't fresh.''' ,'''Men aren't really conscious about what they wear. They are more interested in the fit and comfort and they don't want to wear anything that's too outlandish, so I think it will take me some time to start a menswear line.''' ,'''Today I have learned how to channel my rage through fashion.''' ,'''I literally grew up reading the papers about my existence... that I was a love child. To a kid, it doesn't make any difference. I always thought that if somebody can have an extramarital affair, someone can have a child out of wedlock.''' ,'''Mine was the most usual upbringing, I swear! I knew a girl who could only wear full-sleeved clothes. They had weird restrictions. My life was great.''' ,'''Fashion is one industry that can really change things around for young boys and girls and make them feel like they are not left out. It can send a message that one doesn't have to look a certain way to be considered more beautiful or fashionable.''' ,'''I always wear at least five rings on my fingers - I have these knuckle rings I really like.''' ,'''Tribal designs are a part of my heritage. It boils down to the influences from my father, Viv Richards' side.''' ,'''My body structure ensures that if I do not watch what I eat, my weight tends to spiral crazily out of control.''' ,'''In our culture the idea of being fair-skinned is related to success. And we think that is the truth. Unfortunately, the beauty, fashion and Bollywood industry are to be blamed.''' ,'''I was born in the Eighties, and at that time the idea of having a mixed-race child wasn't welcome. Then I was also an unusual mix nobody was used to seeing. So people weren't very accepting of me in the beginning, but later that changed.''' ,'''My childhood had much clarity. I didn't see abuse. I didn't see my parents bickering. I didn't live in a dysfunctional family.''' ,'''Since I'm always on the go, I think it's necessary to have basic strappy sandals that go seamlessly with everything you wear.''' ,'''Combine leather pants or leggings with an oversized sweater or turtleneck and sneakers for a super-chic look. However, remember to keep the colors subtle.''' ,'''When it comes to my skin, let's just say my dermatologist is on my speed dial. I have this major hormonal imbalance so it all just sort of flares up every few months.''' ,'''I will act because I enjoy it.''' ,'''Calcutta is a very culturally-forward city. People encourage art, music, literature and I just feel like that's a city that looks for experiences over just retail.''' ,]
+++