+++
author = "Karen Katz"
title = "Karen Katz Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Karen Katz Quotes"
keywords = "karen katz,karen katz quotes,karen katz quote,karen katz sayings,karen katz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We have a very robust online business, but convincing luxury houses to join us on the website has involved a lot of groveling.''' ,'''Our customers' business interests are heavily dependent on the oil and gas industry.''' ,'''Bergdorf Goodman is positioned at the very top of the luxury pyramid, and I think that as we go through this next phase of renovation, we're going to elevate it even further.''' ,'''We recognized that for our future, and for the way the customer was now shopping, we had to have one point of view. All roads lead back to the customer.''' ,'''Diane von Furstenberg is an extraordinary woman. She's modern. She's a mother, a grandmother, a leader.''' ,'''The demographics and the psychographics show that there should be, over the longer term, a continued growth in the numbers of customers who will be shopping for luxury goods, both domestically - as well, international tourists come to the United States.''' ,'''Customers are extremely savvy. They don't want to pay more.''' ,'''Every day, I pinch myself. It has been an incredible journey.''' ,'''What's changed in New York, and what made us really change our thinking about New York, is that the different neighborhoods are becoming more important as shopping destinations than they used to be.''' ,'''Today, fashion shows are now blogged and broadcast all over the world via social media. By the time the merchandise ships many months later, the newness and excitement has worn off, and in many cases, the customer has moved on.''' ,'''We are now focused on the brand, not the channel.''' ,'''Chanel is a very important vendor for Neiman Marcus. My favorite thing is the way they finish off the hems on dresses and jackets.''' ,'''For what we want to accomplish in the future, we have to be able to view everything from the eyes of the customer.''' ,'''I never had lofty dreams of doing important things.''' ,'''I look fashionable every day. And the pendulum swings between more, or less, edgy when I'm with bankers.''' ,'''Sneakers have become a significant category for us and a very tangible reminder that what our customers want and wear is changing.''' ,'''We believe that we can deliver better shareholder value by remaining an independent retailer.''' ,'''The promotional environment is part of the world we live in.''' ,'''Two of our biggest stores are in Dallas NorthPark and Houston Galleria, where the economy and our customers' business interests are heavily dependent on the oil and gas industry.''' ,'''I have admired Kevin Plank and Under Armour from afar. He has assembled an impressive team.''' ,'''There is no question that international tourism is on the rise - we see it at Bergdorf Goodman; we see it in Miami.''' ,'''I am the ultimate Jewish mother.''' ,'''I am honored to join the Under Armour Board, and look forward to seeing how a founder and CEO operates a dynamic and fast-growing company known for innovation and its competitive edge.''' ,'''We are committed to investing in new technology so we can remain a leader in the online luxury business.''' ,'''Back when I was 15 or 16, in Dallas there was a department store called Sanger-Harris. One holiday season, I got a job as a gift wrapper there. The others were all experts who did that job every year, and I was by far the youngest person, who was totally inexperienced. In those days, department stores around Christmastime were a total frenzy.''' ,'''While looking ahead, we know challenges remain, but we are encouraged by the strategies we have in place to improve our operational efficiencies and performance.''' ,'''I certainly don't dumb down the way I dress.''' ,'''Over the years, the way our customers shop our stores and websites has changed and will continue to change with the increasing popularity and convenience of smart phones and tablets.''' ,'''We want you always to feel confident shopping at Neiman Marcus, and your trust in us is our absolute priority.''' ,'''People ask me, 'What keeps you up at night?' It's delivering a personal experience to every Neiman Marcus customer. It's the hardest thing we do.''' ,'''Competing at full price is the way we like to do business, but we cannot ignore the promotional environment.''' ,'''We built a business on relationships, and that's what matters to us.''' ,'''When my son was little, we mothers always did the Halloween parties, and I would wear my orange-and-black Chanel. It comes in handy on October 31. I'm the chicest pumpkin around.''' ,'''We deeply regret and are very sorry that some of our customers' payment cards were used fraudulently after making purchases at our stores.''' ,'''Partnering with Rent the Runway's innovative model, combined with their affinity amongst millennials, provides an exciting opportunity for us. Together, we're helping the next generation of luxury consumers discover and fall in love with designer fashion.''' ,'''Our customers do not differentiate between channels, and now, neither will we.''' ,'''I've never looked at my career as something that I was striving to get to one position or another. For me, it was one step at a time.''' ,'''My husband, he's very supportive. I couldn't be here without his support along the way.''' ,]
+++