+++
author = "Aishwarya Rajesh"
title = "Aishwarya Rajesh Quotes"
quotes_len = "86"
description = "the best 86 Aishwarya Rajesh Quotes"
keywords = "aishwarya rajesh,aishwarya rajesh quotes,aishwarya rajesh quote,aishwarya rajesh sayings,aishwarya rajesh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One must never compromise on finances and confuse personal friendships with professional charges.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be a good dancer. It used to be my passion.''' ,'''I play the leading lady in Arjun Rampal's latest production, 'Daddy'. It's a very bold, performance-oriented role, and the team had originally cast someone else. However, when Arjun saw my performance in 'Kaaka Muttai,' he roped me in.''' ,'''I am somebody who is not too fond of fancy or commercial stuff, like dancing around trees. Even in the 20 films I have done in South, none had any of such stuff.''' ,'''I believe that comfort level is crucial for a performer.''' ,'''Social media and smart phones have become an inevitable part of our lives. We shouldn't be under their control, which is wrong. It is mere stupidity, and we must be aware of everything around us.''' ,'''I had to do a lot of preparation for 'Kaaka Muttai.' I had to literally spend every night and morning in the slums, observing the life of people there, and work on my diction.''' ,'''Dubbing really uplifts your character.''' ,'''In 'Aarathu Sinam', I play a wife and mother. It's a very homely character, quite contrary to what I've done so far.''' ,'''When I did 'Kaaka Muttai,' I was a very raw actor. Director Manikandan brought out the best in me.''' ,'''Anybody can do glamorous roles. With the latest technology, any girl can be shown beautifully on screen.''' ,'''I like to eat in five-star hotels and also love street food.''' ,'''When I signed 'Kaaka Muttai,' a lot of directors told me that I shouldn't be doing the role of a mother so early in my career. But I went ahead, as I aspire to do challenging roles.''' ,'''As much as I'm happy, I know it's not going to be easy in Bollywood.''' ,'''Vetrimaaran expects his actors to be spontaneous. Since he mostly prefers shooting in live locations, you have to be prepared for everything when you work with him.''' ,'''I'm an athlete, and I have been interested in sports films.''' ,'''For me, Malayalam is a difficult language. It has got a lot of tongue-twisting words.''' ,''''Daddy' is an amazing Bollywood debut for me. I don't play a typical Bollywood heroine. It's a performance-oriented role.''' ,'''I will never do something like an item number.''' ,'''I like multi-tasking.''' ,'''I've always wanted to work in the Malayalam industry.''' ,'''I always give weightage to performance more than the length of my character. That has always been my criteria for signing a film.''' ,'''I have never danced in any film of mine, barring some stage shows.''' ,'''I want to be choosier. I can't let quality take a back seat... not after 'Kaaka Muttai.'''' ,'''I feel there are a very few actresses who can perform really well. I want to be one among them.''' ,'''Irrespective of the language and industry, what I seek from a project is good story and role.''' ,'''I lost my father when I was barely 10.''' ,'''I get along very well with people - that's both an advantage and a disadvantage.''' ,'''I want to be remembered for my roles and films rather than my looks.''' ,'''I had a lot of Marwari friends, both in Holy Angels School and Ethiraj College.''' ,'''I always get told by women that they would love a daughter-in-law like me. That's big, because not too many people seem to want their son to marry an actress!''' ,'''There is a fine line between being glamorous and vulgar. I am open to glam roles as long as they don't look vulgar on screen.''' ,'''I like men who respect women.''' ,'''I am a huge fan of Shah Rukh Khan; I have not missed any of his films since I got hooked to 'Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge.'''' ,'''I used to visit one production house every day, and I used to take up auditions even for small roles. Before my debut, I must have auditioned at almost every single production house.''' ,'''After acting in a critically acclaimed film like 'Kaaka Muttai,' I didn't get any offers for more than a year.''' ,'''I always do what the character demands, and I love to experiment with my looks.''' ,'''Initially, I didn't have much knowledge about cinema. But once I started doing good films, precisely after 'Kaaka Muttai,' people started respecting me as a performer.''' ,'''Directors approach me for doing 'strong' women characters which, as an actor, increases a sense of responsibility to give my 100 per cent and even more for the faith they entrust on me.''' ,'''In the kind of films offered to me, I don't even get the role of a city-based college girl. How do I let people know I can do sophisticated, contemporary roles, too?''' ,'''Every director has their own unique working style.''' ,'''I come from a lower-middle-class family and used to stay in a housing board colony.''' ,'''While signing 'Sakhavu,' I wasn't aware of the depth of communism in Kerala. I was born and brought up in Chennai, and our political ideologies are very different.''' ,'''I was not wary of playing a mother on screen but wasn't sure if I could do justice to it. Would I be able to showcase that kind of overpowering love without being a 'real' mother?''' ,'''I take care of my body, do yoga and exercises.''' ,'''The method in which 'Vadachennai' is narrated gives a feeling as if you are travelling with the characters to the different eras where the various situations happen.''' ,'''When I travel in Tamil Nadu for shooting, I make it a point to eat at roadside eateries and drink tea/coffee at a tea stall.''' ,'''I am not interested in doing a film on the basis of a good story. I want a proper screenplay.''' ,'''Arjun Rampal is one of the best co-stars I've ever worked with.''' ,'''My gut told me 'Kanaa' was worth taking up, and it's a dream role for any actor.''' ,'''I am not anybody's fan - unless you're talking about Rajinikanth.''' ,'''I felt that I should become a film actress first, and then come back to serials and earn good remuneration from it.''' ,'''My mother tongue is Telugu. I was born and brought up in Tamil Nadu.''' ,'''It's very different working with Vetrimaaran. If he's happy with your shot, all he will tell you is, 'Good job. Go do what you have to next.'''' ,'''I am a workaholic and constantly want to do something.''' ,'''I'm playing my first urban character in 'Thirudan Police.' It's an important film because I'll be breaking the stereotype that I'm only fit for rural characters with this role.''' ,'''It's an honour to play a woman cricketer on screen.''' ,'''I usually don't choose any of my Tamil films depending on the heroes but give priority to the script.''' ,'''I played a very small role in 'Attakathi.'''' ,'''Instead of saying 'unique,' I will say 'Kattappava Kaanom' is a very special and lucky film for me because I got the chance to step into Hindi film industry when I was in the shoot of this movie.''' ,'''I prefer doing strong roles irrespective of duration, and it is almost impossible for me to take up a role that has nothing much to contribute to the script.''' ,'''No matter how many movies I do, 'Kakka Muttai' will be one of my best movies.''' ,'''I don't go by the screen time. Even if I have one or two scenes, it is essential that people remember me.''' ,'''I feel very confident and empowered before the camera, after working with Arjun Rampal.''' ,'''In Chennai, we have the beach for entertainment, but in places like Trichy, Salem, and Coimbatore, movies are the only entertainment.''' ,'''I have definitely not turned glamorous.''' ,'''There are many Bollywood actresses who work in the South and speak Tamil or Malayalam, and though it is correct, we find it funny sometimes.''' ,'''Eating street food in Bangkok is an experience.''' ,''''Kaaka Muttai' has gone places. It's a great feeling. There is respect from family and friends. The film has travelled to international festivals, and I was able to meet big directors.''' ,'''I really like shooting in real locations.''' ,'''I love the body language of the women cricketers and the attitude with which they carry themselves.''' ,'''My aim is to do all genres, both entertainment and art.''' ,'''I have always given priority to the gravity of the roles I do.''' ,'''If the script is boring when I read it, I am sure it would be boring onscreen, too.''' ,'''It was cinematographer George C. Williams who first told me about 'Sakhavu.' He said that the script was good and asked me to listen to it. Later, Sidhartha Siva called me and narrated the script over the phone.''' ,'''I am sure that I don't want to take up stupid roles. And by stupid, I refer to those which doesn't have any sense. A role should have some life in it, right?''' ,'''I want to do glam roles, too. I don't want to restrict myself when it comes to doing good cinema.''' ,'''Deepavali is my 'favouritest' festival. More than Pongal or New Year's, this is the time we all come together as family and celebrate.''' ,'''I was supposed to do Mammootty's 'White,' but it didn't work out.''' ,'''I firmly believe the industry does not let down performers.''' ,'''Any actor can be glamorous, but not everybody can be a performer. That's why I'm focusing more on the performance side. I feel that's what even people want from me.''' ,'''I want to be a star; yes, that's everyone's dream.''' ,'''I did my schooling at Holy Angels, where they had stringent rules. I coloured my hair blond and red and was pulled up by the principal.''' ,'''The best memories are the ones where I celebrated Deepavali as a kid.''' ,''''Kanaa' is a rare opportunity; it's about women's cricket, and they've trusted me with this film. I trained for nearly four hours every day with three coaches.''' ,'''I don't see anything wrong with my films in 2016, except maybe 'Kadalai' and 'Parandhu Sella Vaa.' I did do a lot of different roles.''' ,]
+++