+++
author = "Chris Kirkpatrick"
title = "Chris Kirkpatrick Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Chris Kirkpatrick Quotes"
keywords = "chris kirkpatrick,chris kirkpatrick quotes,chris kirkpatrick quote,chris kirkpatrick sayings,chris kirkpatrick saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was very blessed with 'N Sync. It was a big success and it was a lot of fun.''' ,'''It's all about the special effects.''' ,'''When I was in high school, I ran hurdles, but I was really short, so I'd barely clear them. I was pretty quick, but I had little legs, so I had to take 50 steps in between each hurdle.''' ,'''I'm into designing houses and interior design. I like change. I like creating things out of nothing.''' ,'''I love Latin women, yet for some reason I always wind up with blondes.''' ,'''I'm very happy and lonely single old man - and bitter.''' ,'''I enjoy trying to inspire myself. I enjoy the artistic side of everything. Music, art, fashion, everything. I just like to be on the cutting edge of it. I'm into designing houses and interior design. I like change. I like creating things out of nothing.''' ,'''I think my favorite place to eat dinner is the movie theater. Dirty dogs, a big thing of nachos and a Cherry Coke - and I'm good.''' ,'''You want to win. Everyone says, 'It's just an honor to be nominated,' but that's so not true. You want to win.''' ,'''Now I'm confused. Now I don't know what I want.''' ,'''I say from my experience that, you know, I have to do my career, and, you know with us, our careers come first, and, you know, anybody we're with has to take a back seat to that and understand that these are our lives.''' ,'''I grew up in an underprivileged home.''' ,'''We're not going to pierce everything that we have and paint our faces trying to get a different market. We'll grow with our audience. We're just going to keep doing what we do.''' ,'''Everyone says, 'It's just an honor to be nominated,' but that's so not true. You want to win.''' ,'''I love Eminem, I love Moby. Why can't we just be friends?''' ,'''I'm like a bunch of college guys who got together and said, 'Let's make a dude, a crazy dude'.''' ,]
+++