+++
author = "Adriano Zumbo"
title = "Adriano Zumbo Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Adriano Zumbo Quotes"
keywords = "adriano zumbo,adriano zumbo quotes,adriano zumbo quote,adriano zumbo sayings,adriano zumbo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I used to eat the batter raw. My sister would make it and I'd lick the bowl and then I started to get it off the shelf and whip it up and eat it with a spoon.''' ,'''Temperature is the key to making a smooth custard butter cream. Some add the butter when the mixture's still hot but it tends to split and you end up with a grainy result. Wait for it to cool.''' ,'''I want to promote pastry. Pastry has always been in the background - it's always cooking, cooking, cooking on programs, and pastry has just been this thing at the end. I want to show people what we do.''' ,'''I'll eat a bowl of bircher muesli for breakfast and I really like fresh carrot, orange, ginger and mint juice.''' ,'''Everything you do in life or experience in life gives inspiration for the creative process. But it also depends ultimately on what the consumer wants.''' ,'''The hardest challenge is doing something more traditional. When you do something new, it's easier because it's its own thing. But the traditional ones, you have to do them right.''' ,'''The great thing about pastry is there are so many avenues - it's very hard to get bored doing this.''' ,'''I was a real unfocused academic student, always fiddling around in class, or doing something silly and thinking of something else that had nothing to do with school.''' ,'''I love Vegemite sandwiches, Milo, ham sandwiches, chicken breasts, and that's all I used to eat. I wouldn't eat anything else. So at home there was always two sets of dinner, one for Mum and Dad and one for me, because I was so fussy.''' ,'''When I have red velvet cake, I normally have cream cheese icing.''' ,'''I've never been worried about being alone and there is no pressure to get married, although I would love to do it one day with the right girl.''' ,'''Mostly my ideas come from within, from my experiences, my childhood and the master of all sweets and lollies, Mr. Willy Wonka.''' ,'''You might go to a cheap bakery that uses really bad fats and sugars and stuff like that. You go to a nice bakery and you can enjoy a nice sweet that's made well and it doesn't make you put on any weight if you eat in moderation and if you do a little bit of exercise.''' ,'''When I was a kid, my parents ran a supermarket; I grew up in there and everything was free, it was like a wonderland. There were lollies and biscuits and chips, and I used to eat more of that than vegetables.''' ,'''I love Melbourne and South Yarra's perfect for high tea.''' ,'''I eat around 6 handfuls of 65 percent and up cocoa mass content chocolate each day.''' ,'''My favorite dessert for me to eat at home is Milo and ice cream.''' ,'''Chocolate's good for ya - high cocoa content chocolate is.''' ,'''You need to have that natural instinct in the kitchen, in order to develop that combination of interesting flavors that make great desserts work.''' ,'''High tea is fun. It's elegant and social and a great way not to have to devote yourself to a big meal but still have a drink and a relaxed time.''' ,'''If you have the chocolatiest everything you eat two spoons full and be out on the couch for the rest of the day. It's better to have something you can enjoy.''' ,'''Coming from an Italian family, my parents had supermarkets and they said I had to take over as any son should take over the family business - I copped a lot of flak when I said 'no.'''' ,'''I was a fussy eater when I was young and a lot of the time my parents weren't there because they were always working. So I'd just eat lollies and biscuits and chips. That's kind of where I got the taste for the sweet fix.''' ,'''I want to stay ahead and to stay ahead you always have to be thinking out of the box.''' ,'''I have the pleasure of being surrounded by desserts and chocolate. If that makes me a sex symbol then great, but it's not my aim in life.''' ,'''What better way to celebrate 50 years of defending human rights than over a candlelit dinner with friends and family.''' ,'''Compound chocolate is gritty, cheaper and doesn't have that fruitiness, the backnotes and smoothness you get in couverture.''' ,'''If you use apple in one dish think of using citrus or something more neutral like vanilla in another. You constantly need to be challenging the tastebuds but not assaulting them.''' ,'''I love raw caster sugar. It's a bit more earthy than white sugar, especially for cakes.''' ,'''A lot of old Australian bakeries used a lot of trans-fats but I just wanted to use quality ingredients - butter, cream, custard - to produce a high-quality product.''' ,'''When I was 19, I began work at a French sourdough bakery in Balmain.''' ,'''For me inspiration is pretty much life. The life around you and everything that happens, the people you meet, where you go, what you've eaten in your childhood.''' ,'''Inspiration is everywhere - life, travel, childhood, nature - it depends on how you see it, how you can absorb the inspiration, and it depends on how your mind thinks. It could be a pattern on the floor that may be the next pattern I put on a cake, it just depends upon how you take it, when you're seeing it and what you're looking for.''' ,'''I ate everything. I ate every single lolly you can think of. Chocolate bars, Curly Wurlys, Aero bars, Fantales, Minties, Clinkers, Cherry Ripes. Pretty much anything, you name it, I ate it.''' ,'''Whether it's a leaf from a tree, the supermarket or person, everything is art and movement, it's all inspiration.''' ,'''Texture and flavor is king.''' ,'''There are no mistakes in life... only experiences.''' ,'''I say to the guys at work, 'You've got to have fun - we're here more than we're at home.' Same with cakes; when you go and buy something, you've got to buy some fun.''' ,'''Before I went on sporting trips I'd take chips or lollies. I had a love for sweet foods.''' ,'''I live my normal life. I love what I do, and try to look after myself as much as I can.''' ,'''Everyone has different tastes and palates. Most of the time I put a smile on people's faces but sometimes you get people who have a different view and you take that on board and see what you can make of it.''' ,'''I learnt a lot from eating junk food.''' ,'''I've probably got about 300 books. I love collecting books.''' ,'''I think the main mistake people tend to make is that they rush desserts. Take your time and plan ahead.''' ,'''I'm someone who's easily bored.''' ,'''I hope I come across as supportive and encouraging as well as being firm when I need to be firm.''' ,'''Focus on the flavor and texture of your desserts. Don't go overboard with too many ingredients and flavors keep a good balance of flavors.''' ,'''Living in a small country town, there wasn't a whole lot to do so you find your own fun. I was always getting myself in trouble.''' ,'''So my brain started ticking and I bought all my books from a cookbook shop, Libraire Gourmand in Paris. I bought them over the Internet and they sent them from France. I got the 'Larousse' in a box with 20 other books. I was pretty excited. It was like Christmas for 20 years.''' ,'''I go to Perth a few times a year and I love going there.''' ,'''If I was hosting a high tea at home the last thing I would want to do is make it too fussy for myself.''' ,'''I'm not that menacing. Although I can be quite direct.''' ,'''I look at what's happening, the trends and what people want, to come up with something that's going to work.''' ,'''As a young kid I wanted to be a truck driver.''' ,'''That way I look at it, I want to push myself to create things people could've never imagined. It's a good motto to have in the back of your head, I think.''' ,'''I'm used to criticism.''' ,'''I had a Vegemite bun every day from the tuck shop for lunch when I was a kid and I was inspired by that.''' ,'''The 'Larousse' is my favorite book. It's my bible; it's a good reference for me.''' ,'''I love jelly gummy lollies, liquorice, ice-cream and I eat my own ice-cream; I take it home from work.''' ,'''Use your imagination. Look around the kitchen and see what you can use.''' ,'''When I was kid, one of the big things was watching all the cattle trucks and wheat trucks coming through town.''' ,'''Long term, I'd love a big shop with everything in it. A one-stop shop. A haven.''' ,'''I eat cake every day.''' ,'''In my early teenage years I wasn't doing well at school and I wasn't really interested in a way. I knew I wasn't going to go to uni or anything like that.''' ,'''It's an indulgence to go out for bacon and eggs. It's not something you can do every day.''' ,'''I was born in the Chinese year of the rooster, so maybe that explains my affinity with chickens.''' ,'''Growing up and walking around the supermarket, lollies were the thing that gave me that kind of kick, and you'd expect lots of them. It would be that or a pack of cake mix which got me into food.''' ,'''There were some flavors that didn't work, like doughnut-flavored Tim Tams.''' ,'''I love chocolate and I think there is no such thing as too much.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a thinker so I think a lot, and process a lot, and it always evolves into something different.''' ,'''Chocolate is one of those flavors that's very likeable, very loveable, very versatile.''' ,'''At school, before I left, I was making cake mixes and taking them to school, giving them to teachers and my classmates.''' ,'''There's nothing better than opening a block of chocolate and sitting back and that little joy it brings to your face and to your body.''' ,'''It was a great challenge creating the Zumbarons. Coming up with the elements for each was the hardest, but it only took us one attempt and we were happy with the flavor.''' ,'''If you're dreaming up a dessert, you've got to remember to keep it well balanced.''' ,'''Chocolate fondant, creme brule, and sponge cake with jam, cream and fresh berries are always winners.''' ,'''I think you need to have a day or two when you treat yourself, because it brings happiness, it stimulates your mind.''' ,'''I couldn't pay attention to a novel; I'd get three pages in and couldn't remember what it was about.''' ,'''I love a good burger, and when I was brainstorming pies, I thought, hey - burgers and pies are both perfect for eating out of your hands.''' ,'''I don't get time to go to the gym often, so I exercise on the job.''' ,'''I was a bit of a wild kid.''' ,'''I've become good at judging whether a girl wants to be around you just because she's after your status or because you're popular.''' ,'''When we first opened in 2007 no one really knew about macarons. We sold maybe 50 to 100 a day.''' ,'''There is sugar in everything. It doesn't matter what you eat in life, there is sugar in it.''' ,'''I do the odd pie, or quiche or sausage roll.''' ,'''Salt is a more-ish sort of thing. But it can be a bad thing if there's too much salt. It's awful.''' ,'''Sugar brings happiness. Eating it once or twice a week in a dessert, that's what life is about. There is nothing wrong with it.''' ,'''Despite being quite a shy kid, I was in my element with my mates. I definitely wasn't shy then. We had a lot of fun, running around town getting into mischief.''' ,'''If I hosted a high tea at home it would be an Italian aperitivo-style high tea. I'd make little meatballs with lemon puree and mozzarella centres. Or maybe little schnitzel sliders with coleslaw.''' ,'''I'm like anyone else: there's good and bad in what I do and there are always people out there who think they know better than you.''' ,'''I'll put a 25-kilogram bag of sugar over each shoulder and run up the stairs with them when we're loading ingredients that have been delivered, and I'll hold 25-kilogram blocks of butter at shoulder height to build arm strength as well.''' ,'''I need a strong woman who can handle the attention I get and not get upset if I cuddle a stranger for a social photo.''' ,'''When I'm working and I need to taste food, I use a small spoon or eat a small piece, rather than wolfing down an entire piece of cake.''' ,'''It's definitely always daunting to have your name on a show and a lot of pressure in some ways, but obviously in other ways it's a lot of fun and it's a great honor.''' ,'''I love high tea, but I think it's very repetitive in terms of what's on the stand.''' ,'''In the end, you have to do what makes you happy - the people who love you and are around you are all that matters.''' ,'''You can always imagine the unexpected and strive for it. You may never get there, but it's always a good thing to have.''' ,'''For me with sugar, it's all about balance. It's about being strong enough and to have the willpower to say, you know what, Saturday is my treat day, I'm going to eat cake, I'm going to eat dessert, I might eat a packet of biscuits.''' ,'''I would definitely recommend getting a decent electric mixer. A good quality non-stick baking mat is also essential for creating those impressive desserts.''' ,'''Geography was my best subject but that was only because of the game 'Carmen Sandiego.' I chased her all over the world.''' ,]
+++