+++
author = "Jerry Doyle"
title = "Jerry Doyle Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Jerry Doyle Quotes"
keywords = "jerry doyle,jerry doyle quotes,jerry doyle quote,jerry doyle sayings,jerry doyle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I call it like I see it. I don't hold back when it comes to being candid on the hot issues.''' ,'''I believe in financial retirement. I don't necessarily believe in physical retirement.''' ,'''If you're not having fun - I don't care what you're doing - don't do it. Move on. Find something else, life's too short.''' ,'''When you're 23, 24 years old and somebody's given you a credit card and jets and limos and you don't have to pay the bill when it comes in - that's a pretty nice deal.''' ,'''I was never really sure what I wanted to do - I'm in awe of these people who knew at age 10 or 12 they wanted to be a brain surgeon, and they did it, and they still are.''' ,'''Money is only a vehicle that provides you with options, and I say there's only one thing that money can't buy - poverty.''' ,'''I used to skip out of high school and go flying. It was just one of those things, I thought it was kind of a cool thing to do. I never thought about doing that as a profession, but I started checking things out and I found out there was a flight school down in Daytona Beach, called Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University.''' ,'''We have common enemies today. It's called childhood poverty. It's called cancer. It's called AIDS. It's called Parkinson's. It's called Muscular Dystrophy.''' ,'''I never realized that growing up in Brooklyn, flying jets, working on Wall Street and starring in a sci-fi series was the prerequisite for the fast-paced demands of talk radio. But, if that's what it takes to succeed, I'm glad I did it all.''' ,'''Brooklyn, when I was growing up, was awesome. It was stoopball and stickball - a lot of kids... the baby boom generation were all in the area. It was just a really great place.''' ,'''I was 35 years old and in a position to take a shot at whatever I wanted to try. The Air Force said I was too old to fly fighter jets. I thought about becoming a fishing boat captain, before deciding that acting seemed pretty cool.''' ,'''When my dad first started out in the police force, wearing the uniform was a sense of pride, and it was respected in the community for what the police force was all about. Unfortunately today, the uniform is a target.''' ,'''I'm not sure what I want to do when I grow up, or if I'm sure I ever want to grow up. I'm sure there are people that wish I would, but you know, my mom will get over it.''' ,]
+++