+++
author = "Lance Burton"
title = "Lance Burton Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Lance Burton Quotes"
keywords = "lance burton,lance burton quotes,lance burton quote,lance burton sayings,lance burton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel like I'm the luckiest person alive. I'm always waiting for that phone call: 'Hello. We've just realized you're really a no-talent hillbilly. We've made a horrible mistake and we'd like you to leave now.'''' ,'''I'm very happy to be employed. I always contend that in show business that if you're employed, then you're successful.''' ,'''It was a great opportunity that I had to take - my very own theater. That comes along once in a lifetime. It doesn't even seem like 15 years ago - time sure flies by. I've really had a lot of fun with it.''' ,'''I always wanted to go to the Chavez school but I could never afford it when I was growing up so a lot of my learning came from magic books and watching other magicians. I was also very lucky that I had a couple of really good magic teachers.''' ,'''I've worked nonstop for 31 years. I've counted down myself hundreds of cues for everything in each 90-minute show. I've never really taken an extended break, so I'd like to see what a vacation is really like.''' ,'''We didn't have a whole lot of money when I was growing up either. I would always ask for magic books or magic tricks for my birthday or for Christmas and the rest of the year I either had to mow lawns or find part time jobs to help supplement the cost of doing magic.''' ,'''I'm comfortable and confident about the future.''' ,'''It's new and different every night. The charge you get from a good audience is like nothing else.''' ,'''Harry Collins was the first magician I ever saw back in 1965 when I was five years old. He was doing a magic show and I was the volunteer from the audience.''' ,'''The dove act? I'm still working on it. I don't think it's perfect yet. I got my first pair of doves when I was 14 years old. That was the beginning of the formation of that act. So it's been 24 years now that I've been working on it.''' ,'''That's sort of like asking a parent who their favorite child is. It's very hard to determine. Sometimes I'll get feedback from somebody who liked this part of the show. Others like another part of the show.''' ,'''I have no idea what's next. I simply don't have a clue.''' ,'''When I started out back in Louisville, there was Harry Collins. He was my first teacher. He saw that I was so obsessed with magic that he taught me the love of magic.''' ,]
+++