+++
author = "Kelly Rohrbach"
title = "Kelly Rohrbach Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Kelly Rohrbach Quotes"
keywords = "kelly rohrbach,kelly rohrbach quotes,kelly rohrbach quote,kelly rohrbach sayings,kelly rohrbach saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would much rather interact with people in person and be in the moment than taking pictures of the moment.''' ,'''Ask everyone what they remember about 'Baywatch' and they're gonna tell the story of when they were 10, sneaking it while their parents were out. Everybody has something.''' ,'''Playing golf led me to Georgetown. I played on the women's team there.''' ,'''I used to live in L.A. so, I was always outdoors.''' ,'''I'm very drawn to subversive comedy like Alexander Payne and Jason Reitman. But at the end of the day, if you want to do great work, you have to pay your dues.''' ,'''I'm a pretty hefty eater.''' ,'''I don't like to limit myself.''' ,'''I think everything's funny, to be honest.''' ,'''The red 'Baywatch' swimsuit is iconic. When I had my first fitting I guess it felt a bit like Superman putting on his cape for the first time.''' ,'''I'm pretty relaxed and nothing really offends me.''' ,'''I love 'Arrested Development' and 'Veep' and I love Louis C.K. - I love the 'Louie' show, it's great.''' ,'''Everyone thinks I'm lying when I say how much 'Baywatch' was a part of our lives.''' ,'''I'm open to any opportunity that challenges me.''' ,'''I'm very 'one love.' I think that's the Californian girl in me.''' ,'''Everybody loves to laugh, so to be with somebody who makes you laugh all the time - what a treat.''' ,'''I started golfing through my dad. I started playing at a really young age.''' ,'''I've always been an 'SNL' fan.''' ,'''I have to eat a lot to function, so I don't really diet, especially when I have to work out more.''' ,'''I went to Georgetown University, and majored in theater - then I moved to Los Angeles.''' ,'''My dad was a really good golfer, and he just taught me how to play.''' ,'''My siblings would tease me and call me big friendly or freaky giant, and later, when I was approached about modeling, they would joke, 'The BFG is gonna be a model? That clunky thing?' They know how to keep me in check all right.''' ,'''I love HBO's 'Girls.' I like that show a lot.''' ,'''I'm naturally not funny, but I'm not boring.''' ,'''I wasn't interested in playing the hot-girl role.''' ,'''I'm an L.A. girl, a Cali girl - a Cali girl from Connecticut.''' ,'''Everybody has their doubts in their 20s, but I've always loved sort of having a sense of direction.''' ,'''I've become the quintessential L.A. person, to an embarrassingly cliched level. I'm like, 'Let's go for a hike and get a green juice.' That's a perfect Saturday to me. I hate being that cliche but, damn, it's also really nice.''' ,'''Okay so best golf tips I think are number one keep your head down. If you're a beginner it's the number one rule. That way you'll always make contact.''' ,'''Golf wear isn't the sexiest attire.''' ,'''I'm a blue-sky, 85-degree, nine-holes-in-a-cart, lunch-on-the-terrace kind of girl.''' ,'''I'm definitely quick-witted, and I can hang with the guys.''' ,'''I think people just make news to make news.''' ,'''I love exercise. I hike, do yoga.''' ,'''In the summer I'm always walking around in a bathing suit and I never wear shoes.''' ,'''I've been fortunate to have some great golfing buddies.''' ,'''I didn't really get into acting until halfway through college. Once I graduated I pursued it professionally, but it wasn't like I was always an actress.''' ,'''I think sometimes naivety can be a gift.''' ,'''I think humor is the best thing to impress a girl.''' ,'''There is no one luckier than me. I've been so lucky my dad calls me Forrest Gump.''' ,]
+++