+++
author = "Jack Grealish"
title = "Jack Grealish Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Jack Grealish Quotes"
keywords = "jack grealish,jack grealish quotes,jack grealish quote,jack grealish sayings,jack grealish saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know how good I can be. I'm not being big-headed. I think all players have to have that confidence and self-belief.''' ,'''When me and my dad are walking down the road, sometimes we catch someone with Grealish on the back - sometimes it does bring a tear to my dad's eye.''' ,'''I'm the biggest family person you'll meet.''' ,'''We're supposed to be role models for kids.''' ,'''I prefer advanced midfield, like a No. 10, but you know me: I'll play anywhere for Villa.''' ,'''Watch me, and I only really like the ball into feet. I don't like running in behind so much.''' ,'''There are always going to be people who are against you or don't rate you.''' ,'''Sometimes I just prefer to pass it if I think someone is in a better position.''' ,'''I want to challenge myself. I'm desperate to play in the Premier League, and I want to play for England.''' ,'''Obviously I've had my problems in the past, but these are the moments you live for, when you are in the papers for the good reasons.''' ,'''I'm a chilled-out player, if that's the best way to describe me.''' ,'''All the time, people are always saying to me that I need to shoot more.''' ,'''It's such a crazy league, the Championship. People used to say that to me, and when you are in the Premier League, you don't really take notice. It's a good league; it's tough, and I like it. But the Premier League is where I want to be, with Villa.''' ,'''As a footballer, there is so much spare time.''' ,'''I actually don't mind a bit of football banter from opposing fans. In fact, I quite like getting hammered by supporters of other clubs. But it's when you get it from your own fans that it's not nice.''' ,'''I feel like I have grown up.''' ,'''I started doing well at Villa when I was six or seven.''' ,'''It's a big decision to pick what country I'm going to play for.''' ,'''Playing for Villa, especially in front of the Holte End, is unbelievable. I love walking out and just looking at the Holte End.''' ,'''I think I've had a bit of a stop-start career. I came onto the scene quite early, and then I paused for a bit.''' ,'''I have always wanted to play for Aston Villa, so I am not going to sit there and think, 'I could have been there,' or whatever. The grass isn't always greener.''' ,'''I wouldn't change what I do for the world - every single day, I'm lucky to be doing what I'm doing.''' ,'''Obviously you've got to take some time to go out, but just not every weekend!''' ,'''I was the kid who was waiting outside the ground for autographs.''' ,'''When you're a young kid, you've burst onto the scene, everyone want sort be your friend, come out with you, and you don't actually realise who wants to be there with you and who wants to be your friend.''' ,'''You have responsibilities, and you are role models to kids. That comes with the job.''' ,'''I don't go flying into tackles and running around 100 mph. That's just not me.''' ,'''I need to vary up my game, and I'm working on that. I know I need to get better.''' ,'''I struggled with the limelight.''' ,'''I have to keep developing and progressing and strive to be as good a player as I can possibly be.''' ,'''I think the main thing about football is confidence.''' ,'''When you've got players like Carlos Sanchez, Fabian Delph, and Tom Cleverley behind you, it makes it easy with Christian Benteke and Gabby Agbonlahor in front of me.''' ,'''I had my first trial at Villa at five.''' ,'''If you look at Dele, he does everything. He wants the ball into feet. Sometimes he'll run in behind; sometimes he'll get the ball in the box - he's all energy. He does everything.''' ,'''It is a lifelong dream to even play for Villa, but to get to a European final tops it all off.''' ,'''When you get on the pitch, you've got to take your chance, and that's what I'm trying to do.''' ,'''It's hard to deal with defeat.''' ,'''I used to love jumping into the bushes in my back garden, thinking I was jumping into the crowd after I scored in front of the Holte End.''' ,'''I'm enjoying it with Ireland, and I won't be pressured into playing for England.''' ,'''All I want to do is get on the pitch and perform, and hopefully, that will do the talking.''' ,]
+++