+++
author = "Kemba Walker"
title = "Kemba Walker Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Kemba Walker Quotes"
keywords = "kemba walker,kemba walker quotes,kemba walker quote,kemba walker sayings,kemba walker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel like I'm dreaming. 10,000 points in the NBA. It's crazy.''' ,'''I work hard each and every summer, each and every day on my game to become a better player for my teammates, for the organization. Hard work always pays off.''' ,'''My teammates trust me; they know I make the right plays. I'm not a selfish guy.''' ,'''I just want to be a great player.''' ,'''The respect from my peers is what means a lot to me. The guys I go up against each and every night. You know, to have their respect, I think that's huge. And that's what I care most about, to have the respect of my peers.''' ,'''Charlotte means a lot to me. This city has embraced me - allowed me to be who I am, allowed me to grow as a man.''' ,'''There were doubts when I got drafted. I've seen plenty of articles and things, like that I probably wouldn't be an elite point guard. I wanted to prove people wrong. And when I got my first contract, they said I was overpaid. I proved them wrong again.''' ,'''Playing in an NBA game in Africa will be a special moment I'll remember for the rest of my life.''' ,'''I guess it's a good thing to know that I am wanted.''' ,'''I just wanna stay loyal to the people who are loyal to me.''' ,'''My belief in God has been helping me play the way I'm playing. But for the most part, I've just been working on my game.''' ,'''If the play is drawn up for me, you better believe I'm going to go and try to win the game.''' ,'''There were times I didn't know if I even belonged in the NBA. Everyone at this level is so good - bigger, stronger, faster.''' ,'''I'm a competitor at the end of the day.''' ,'''Of course, I've been a Knicks fan growing up, always rooted for the home team. But I really can't see myself in a Knicks jersey - only because I've been in one jersey.''' ,'''At my height, I've got to be fast.''' ,'''Kids from New York usually don't stay in New York anymore: they go to prep schools and all sorts of stuff nowadays. I'm just happy to be one of the guys in our league from New York, to represent.''' ,'''I'm about working, getting better, and proving people wrong.''' ,'''I'm not the sharpest knife in the drawer. I just work hard.''' ,'''I put my work in throughout my career to become the player I am today. It's never about the money. I want to win.''' ,'''I love Charlotte. I'm more reserved and calm and laid back, and this city is slow.''' ,'''I just want to win. My competitive nature just comes out in me.''' ,'''When I come off the ball screen, I'm always trying to draw another defender, so where I can get my teammates open, and if not, I can score the basketball.''' ,'''Change is very scary.''' ,'''A few losses won't hurt anybody.''' ,'''I had a lot of doubt coming into my career about being an elite point guard in this league.''' ,'''Marvin Williams is solid, and he can shoot, and he'll definitely stretch the defense.''' ,'''I'm not supposed to be here. A lot of people from where I'm from don't make it.''' ,'''People think of the Charlotte Hornets, and they think of me.''' ,'''I've been hearing it for years now, the Knicks. Every time I come home, it's, 'When are you coming home to the Knicks?'''' ,'''I know I'm small. But I don't feel small sometimes. I feel like a giant sometimes.''' ,'''I'm not a big traveler.''' ,'''I've come a very long way, especially from my young career. From not always being the best guy on the team to just increasing my work ethic every single year, every single summer. Just seeing the hard work pay off, I think that's what's most gratifying for me.''' ,'''I knew I'm a hard worker and always wanted to be great at this game.''' ,'''I dress myself. I don't feel any pressure to dress. I like what I like.''' ,'''Troy Daniels is pretty good dresser.''' ,'''I'm pretty sure anyone that goes home to play where they're from, it's exciting for them.''' ,'''NBA players are intense competitors, and it is truly humbling to know that my peers see me as someone who exhibits sportsmanship and respect on the court.''' ,'''There's always doubts about me, and I always want to prove people wrong, so that's what I try to do.''' ,'''I just really, really hate being cold.''' ,'''For me, I love competing.''' ,'''These NBA seasons are such a grind; it really takes a toll on your body.''' ,'''I'm not 6'3, 6'4, but I got a big heart, and that's it.''' ,'''When teams are really out on me, I'm trying to drag them out as much as possible so my teammates can make plays.''' ,'''You see guys who are on elite teams. I don't want to do that. I want to create something special here in Charlotte, something that we have never had here before. I want to create some consistency.''' ,'''I've pretty much adjusted to how teams play. Like when I draw two defenders, I want to make the best play possible.''' ,'''It's amazing now the amount of love we get around this city from all the Hornets' fans. Growing up, you really don't understand it. Now I'm really starting to realize what Hornets means here in Charlotte.''' ,'''I felt like the best player on the court every night in college.''' ,'''There are definitely die-hard fans. That's one thing about people from Brooklyn: they're very loyal, die-hard, believe in their team.''' ,'''I want to feel wanted, of course.''' ,'''Connecticut is home for life. I'm so glad I chose to go to school here.''' ,'''I've played at MSG at basically every level of my career, starting from high school.''' ,'''I think, from just playing street ball and stuff like that, I was always able to play up with the older guys, and I think that got me physically and mentally prepared to play on a high level of basketball.''' ,'''I'm low-key. I like my privacy.''' ,'''I'm a loyal guy.''' ,'''Now I'm just a threat. I'm a threat out there. Guys are running out at me, and I'm able to either give them a pump fake or let it fly. Guys are going over the screens, and I'm able to get into the lane and find my teammates a lot better. It just makes things a lot easier for me.''' ,'''I've always felt like I'm a winning player. Like I deserved it to be in the playoffs - to be battling.''' ,'''I think I have what a New York City point guard is made of: toughness, a lot of heart, and the ability to be a leader.''' ,'''What's going on in my life, I never bring it to the basketball court.''' ,'''The Knicks are a special team.''' ,'''Without New York, I wouldn't be the person I am today.''' ,'''Superstar - I mean, when I think of superstar, I think of LeBron James, Kevin Durant, Stephen Curry, names like that. I don't know if I can put myself in that category.''' ,'''I don't know if a lot of players can actually say they played in the All-Star Game in their actual city, their team's city.''' ,'''I go hard each and every day.''' ,'''I'm from a rough place: the Bronx.''' ,'''When I get down, I can sense my teammates looking at me, and they can get down as well. That was something I had to learn over the years.''' ,'''It just feels good when I'm shooting.''' ,'''Being in the league six years, things have kind of slowed down for me.''' ,'''There's something to be said for being on a team for your whole career. Not many players have done that. Only a select few. That's a goal to accomplish.''' ,'''I know teams are gameplanning against me, trying to not let me shoot pull-ups, basically trying to take me out of the game as much as they can.''' ,'''My dream is to get to the NBA, obviously. But it will be when the time is right.''' ,'''In the league, anything can happen. Once one team gets momentum, things can change really fast.''' ,'''I couldn't care less about big markets. That's not who I am.''' ,'''They usually say as you get older, you can't get better, but that's not true. I'm living proof.''' ,'''I just have that extra boost in games. I don't know why.''' ,'''I love the Hornets' colors.''' ,'''I'm tired of not being in the playoffs... I hate watching them on TV.''' ,'''I just want to do something special in Charlotte. I've been there eight years now, and we haven't really been consistent as far as winning. I just want to try to establish that culture at some point. That's what I want to do. I just want to make it a winning organization.''' ,'''I'm pretty shy, believe it or not.''' ,'''For me to become an All-Star for two straight years and now to become an All-Star starter, I most definitely proved the doubters wrong. It's an unbelievable moment in my career.''' ,'''There are so many things going on in this world that are unbelievable. A lot of gun violence and police brutality.''' ,'''On the off days, you have to come in and try to maintain your rhythm, just try to keep everything together. I sometimes come by myself, or some of my boys, get up a few shots, not too much, before or after practice. I always find time to get some shots up.''' ,'''This is a special class right here, to be an All-Star in the NBA. I don't think anybody would have thought when I was coming in the league that I would get this accomplishment. This is special. I don't know where I would rank it, but it's definitely high on the list.''' ,'''I'd rather be the underdog than anything.''' ,'''It's tough when you're a young player and sometimes things are not going your way.''' ,'''I want to be in the playoffs every year.''' ,'''My favorite player is Carmelo; that's just a guy I've been rocking with since he was at Syracuse. I've always been a big fan of Melo.''' ,'''Without my parents, I would be nothing, so I'd like to thank them.''' ,'''What kid doesn't want to play in MSG? I've been fortunate enough to play there many, many times during my basketball career. Every chance I get to play there, I try to embrace it. I just love playing there.''' ,'''People should have the chance to say whatever they want, especially a guy like LeBron. He's huge, an icon. He should have an opinion if he wants to.''' ,'''I would have never thought that I'd be an All-Star in this league, so to finally have my name called, it's really cool.''' ,'''What I'm trying to do is play the game the right way, not force shots up. Whenever I have my opportunities, take 'em.''' ,'''I try to work hard each and every day to become a better player.''' ,'''It's very important to inspire the next generation.''' ,'''It definitely would be an honor to be an All-Star. But I have no say in it. It's not up to me. It's up to the fans and coaches.''' ,'''I definitely know a lot of guys that played in the league that came from the Bronx, but not a lot of them are a franchise all-time leading scorer. It's special, and I take pride in that.''' ,'''Making the tough shots and leaning in a certain way and a fadeaway and stuff like that, those are tough shots, but those are shots you have to learn to make in this league.''' ,'''The future is something I'm looking forward to.''' ,'''The Dream Team was crazy. Probably one of the better teams, of course. That was a great team to watch and one of the reasons why I want to play for Team U.S.A.''' ,'''Jeremy Lamb is a great dancer.''' ,]
+++