+++
author = "Jimmy Walker"
title = "Jimmy Walker Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Jimmy Walker Quotes"
keywords = "jimmy walker,jimmy walker quotes,jimmy walker quote,jimmy walker sayings,jimmy walker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In Little League back in Oklahoma, I struck out 14 batters in a six-inning game, and we won the state championship.''' ,'''I'm not just Jimmy Walker the golfer. I have a lot of friends. I've got two little boys; I've got a great family. It's all stuff that's helped me become better.''' ,'''I'm not going to say I know a ton about what I'm looking at, but I enjoy capturing the photos and the artistry of it. I'm getting better at it, and I'll keep getting better.''' ,'''How does one gain confidence? It's just the repetitive nature of telling you how good you are. How good of a putter and chipper you are. How you've got this. You can beat the best players in the world. You've got all the talent. You just have to believe in yourself.''' ,'''Sometimes things don't come easy, and golf isn't an easy game.''' ,'''I'm not really that nerdy.''' ,'''Winning a major, that's what everybody wants to do, and I worked my whole life to do it. And to realize that, it's incredible.''' ,'''I have a lot of stories to tell because I've been down a lot of roads people haven't been.''' ,'''I think that confidence is a big thing. It's being comfortable, feeling comfortable, managing your schedule.''' ,'''You don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure out you can't see any stars living in the city. I studied some light-pollution maps, and knew I'd have to get out of San Antonio.''' ,'''I thank Burns & Wilcox for its support and look forward to representing the company's values and commitment to excellence on the links.''' ,'''To have a tournament right where you live is very cool.''' ,'''You still have to go perform; it doesn't matter what the tournament is.''' ,'''The confidence came along as I played well.''' ,'''I can't take anything back. I've just kept grinding and kept working.''' ,'''Sometimes it's hard. I'm not going to lie. It's tough. You feel like you're killing yourself, and you're giving it all you've got, and you're just not seeing it.''' ,'''I travel all over the country, all over the world, and I'm happy to call Texas home.''' ,'''Swinging a gold club is sort of a throwing action, and even as a kid, I could throw things far and fast.''' ,'''I just go out and play golf.''' ,'''Today, at 35, I can throw a small football close to 80 yards - and straighter than I can hit a golf ball.''' ,'''The thing I like about astronomy is being outside at night and seeing the stars in a dark sky. It makes you feel small.''' ,'''We've been trying to get my body and head moving toward the target on the downswing. I have a tendency to hang back and not release the club.''' ,'''It feels so good to win, you want to do it again and again.''' ,'''I've always felt like I belonged, and you need affirmation every now and then.''' ,'''Sometimes hard work doesn't pay off.''' ,'''I love playing; I love playing good, and it's fun to be up around the top and having a chance.''' ,'''The par putts sometimes are bigger than the birdie putts.''' ,'''I felt very calm and controlled. That's what you've got to feel and do when it's time to win. It's easy to say, hard to do.''' ,'''I could remember thinking when I met him, 'Wow, that's Andy Sanders from Houston. He's really good.' And he tells me he said, 'Wow, that's Jimmy Walker. He hits it really far.'''' ,'''I'm a good putter. Like good shooters, just keep shooting. I'm just going to keep putting, and they're going to start going in.''' ,'''There are guys you've never heard of who drive the ball better than anybody I've seen on the PGA Tour.''' ,'''Sometimes pars are hard.''' ,]
+++