+++
author = "Eddie Bravo"
title = "Eddie Bravo Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Eddie Bravo Quotes"
keywords = "eddie bravo,eddie bravo quotes,eddie bravo quote,eddie bravo sayings,eddie bravo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When it comes to jiu-jitsu, enthusiasm, being able to say the right stuff and the best stuff, no one comes close to Joe Rogan. He just smashes everybody.''' ,'''A lot of times I'll show someone a technique I got really good with, but I didn't put all the hours in. I didn't do the research and development. I didn't take it to the next level.''' ,'''Marcelo Garcia is one of those fighters who trains with no-gi, and is also great with gi. When you train with no-gi you actually get better with gi too. I am spending all the time on no-gi, so it becomes a different animal.''' ,'''My Jiu-Jitsu is very MMA focused. I was not the best striker, and when I considered becoming a MMA fighter I just focused to improve my BJJ.''' ,'''I can't travel every weekend. I like to spend some weekends at my studio.''' ,'''You can't create Nick Diaz. That guy has some serious warrior spirit or something.''' ,'''Nick Diaz is going to go down as one of the greatest MMA fighters of all time, no doubt.''' ,'''Most other schools train no-gi part time, or maybe even half the time. We train no-gi all the time.''' ,'''I think anybody that is going to stand with Nick Diaz and try to throw down, that is a big mistake.''' ,'''The more affiliates I have the more I can sit back and let my brown belt and black belts do the work.''' ,'''I have never seen anybody, and I don't think there has ever been anybody like Nick Diaz in all of MMA. Can you tell me another guy who is going to stand right in front of you, take big shots, and still keep coming at you with those body shots and those amazing combinations?''' ,'''So, when you train no-gi all the time, the no-gi style evolves quicker, twice as fast. Especially, the way we do it at 10th Planet, I am not just the one conveying the knowledge. All my students are involved.''' ,'''Well, the difference between 10th Planet and most other jiu jitsu schools is the obvious thing... we train exclusively no-gi.''' ,]
+++