+++
author = "Glenn Kelman"
title = "Glenn Kelman Quotes"
quotes_len = "96"
description = "the best 96 Glenn Kelman Quotes"
keywords = "glenn kelman,glenn kelman quotes,glenn kelman quote,glenn kelman sayings,glenn kelman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The truth is that I love working. I love my kids. But I don't view one as evil and the other as good. I need to work to be a happy person, to be a good parent.''' ,'''When I was still settling into being a CEO, I wasted a lot of time driving initiatives designed to please others, acting as if someone wouldn't let me do what I wanted to do with Redfin.''' ,'''I started a software company with a couple other folks. It went public. We made plenty of money. And I thought it was this incredible mission, but in fact, we sold software to Haliburton; we sold software to Frito-Lay and Pepsi and all these companies that didn't necessarily do good things.''' ,'''Most CEOs walk around the office like we own the place, without realizing that the place itself isn't worth owning: a business's value comes from the people who walk out the door every night, who have to decide each morning whether to walk back in. One of the simplest things you can do as a leader is honor their choice and appreciate their work.''' ,'''What's most revolutionary about Uber is not the tool that consumers use but the fact that the only equipment needed by its drivers is their iPhone.''' ,'''When we talk about a city's cost of living, we don't mean food, transportation, or clothing, which cost about the same everywhere. We mean housing.''' ,'''You have to be sort of an emotional steward to really get a business to do something hard - to take people up the hill, to conquer the mountain, to sack the city. You have got to be a maniac.''' ,'''What employing thousands of people in the middle of the country has taught me is how good and hard-working Americans in all cities are, and how much most of the country resents our wealthiest cities' sense of entitlement and condescension.''' ,'''At different points, I applied to graduate school. I got into medical school. I thought about being a writer. I thought about being an investment banker. I just didn't know what I wanted to do with myself. I think the thing that best suits me about being a C.E.O. is that you get to exercise many different talents and wear many different hats.''' ,'''When my brother and I were 11, our father designed a 17-foot boat for sailing around the world. He'd never ventured more than a few miles from the U.S. He'd never sailed - or designed a boat before.''' ,'''I'm an identical twin, and I felt that with my twin brother, we sort of formed this unassailable force, and it gave me the confidence to be different. Even if I was a goofball, my twin brother was a goofball with me, so I didn't have to worry about fitting in as much. I was able to march to my own drummer.''' ,'''One reason I was so convinced that Redfin would work was that I never met anyone who bought or sold a home who thought the process was ideal.''' ,'''I learned to value speed in everything I do.''' ,'''People don't think of me as Glenn Kelman; they think of me as the real estate guy. If I wasn't interested in real estate, that would be pretty tragic, wouldn't it?''' ,'''The core hacker premise that 'code wins arguments' is just another way of saying that anything is worth trying, regardless of whether it is a conservative or liberal idea, and that whatever works is worth keeping.''' ,'''I learned, even when all hell is breaking loose, first to take time to make my environment productive.''' ,'''Short of a space-alien invasion or an Oklahoma tornado, there is almost no problem that a democracy can tackle in a year. But that isn't why we have a government. We have a government to solve the problems that greedy, short-sighted businessmen like me can't.''' ,'''In 2006, I appeared before a House subcommittee considering real estate reform. It was like visiting the capital for the 'Hunger Games' as an outsider in a glamorous and byzantine fairy tale: I couldn't believe how beautiful all the congressional aides were, and I never understood the system of bells and alarms warning legislators to vote.''' ,'''I had a choice between working on Wall Street or doing consulting or working at a start-up, and I got a job at a start-up. I was one of the first employees there, and I did everything for them, and it was so much fun.''' ,'''Funny money has always been the reason housing prices have risen too fast. First, it was liar loans and negative-amortizing mortgages, where the total amount you owed increased rather than decreased every month. We all know how that ended, with the global financial crisis of 2008.''' ,'''I wish I was as annotative as Elon Musk.''' ,'''Thinking constantly about world domination can give you a little vertigo. The way I usually get through my day is by limiting my horizon to serving the next few customers or increasing revenues in the next few months.''' ,'''The really basic stuff that fuels 30-year job booms almost always comes from government research, stuff like biotech, the transistor, the Internet. The idea that private capital can handle the early spade work is a joke.''' ,'''Sometimes I wish I was less of a maniac; sometimes I wish I was more.''' ,'''Any educated person recognizes that curiosity and creativity aren't just important; they are among the essential human activities.''' ,'''I think if I had gone to a private school and been coddled a little bit, I wouldn't be as tough as I am now.''' ,'''Everybody has been told already that they're too shy, too aggressive, too emotional, too reserved. They know what their fatal flaw is. They know the one thing to do to get better. But they just don't commit to changing because they feel a little bit in love with it, a little bit in love with the way they've been.''' ,'''If you actually believe in free speech and not simply the free distribution of other people's intellectual property, you should let journalists, law firms, and investors exercise their rights to it alongside your own.''' ,'''The tech industry's love for scrappy, accessible founders adds to the pressure. You're expected to lead by example, to roll up your sleeves, to know everything going on.''' ,'''Most of the tech CEOs I know used to think that moving to the Midwest or the South was beneath us, a good tactic for the Boeings of the world who don't need the kind of rare skills we depend on, who have to grub for profits when we reach for growth. But if Amazon can't afford to keep growing in Seattle, who can?''' ,'''To build a great business, you have to do something hard just to be able to withstand all the competition that will later come your way.''' ,'''So many tech companies have embraced a mission that they say is larger than profits. Once you wrap yourself up in a moral flag, you have to carry it to the top of other hills.''' ,'''I wish I was as smart as Jeff Bezos. He's just a large-brained space alien.''' ,'''I just don't like bullies. Especially hypocritical bullies.''' ,'''You wanna work on something big so that if you win, everybody wins, and you really have an impact on the world. And that can get you out of bed.''' ,'''My advice for men who aren't yet parents is to make sure you're a happy person before having a baby.''' ,'''I think that real estate consumers are stuffy; I think they're scared. They don't buy a house every day. It's a very infrequent purchase.''' ,'''I'm from Seattle.''' ,'''VCs are good at asking questions.''' ,'''I think the corporate world is pretty starved for personality. The reason you have comic strips like 'Dilbert' and sitcoms like 'The Office' is that people just can't be genuine human beings in a corporate environment. So if you can really be your own self, even if it's a little bit different, I think people are really drawn to that.''' ,'''If your values don't alienate anyone, it is just platitude.''' ,'''We need a government policy all-out in favor of more, denser housing.''' ,'''I often think about what my replacement will do after I'm fired. She won't have emotional commitments to decisions that I already regret.''' ,'''I learned that people love to be good at things, even the silliest things.''' ,'''Many of the ex-hippies who started companies like Apple, or the early online bulletin boards dedicated to organic food and following the Grateful Dead, were an odd combination of liberals and libertarians.''' ,'''I think the company that has the clearest set of values is Amazon. That company knows what it is. It may be that it's not your cup of tea, but every single person at that company knows what the Amazon values are.''' ,'''People knew about IBM before they knew about Apple. Sometimes it takes a little longer for better to win.''' ,'''Over the years, I just started paying a lot more attention not to whether I was right or wrong, but just to how I make people feel.''' ,'''Whereas any political party, and nearly all voters, prize consistency as a sign of authentic, values-driven thinking, it is deeply alien to the hacker, who holds that changing your mind is simply intelligence in action.''' ,'''If you build a better mousetrap, regardless of your marketing budget, the world will beat its own path to your door.''' ,'''With Facebook's IPO, the world learned a new way of organizing businesses around one overriding imperative: to ship new products quickly.''' ,'''When I was 28, running products for a company I'd co-founded, the CEO called to say that I had a problem with the board, that I probably couldn't overcome it, that I'd have to leave the company.''' ,'''It's hard to improve our schools. It's hard to redistribute wealth created by the concentration of technological and financial power or to increase middle-class wages. But it might be easier to lower middle-class costs by building more housing.''' ,'''Almost nothing can make you more miserable than when your company is struggling, and only then do you realize that this is exactly when it's almost impossible for a CEO to quit.''' ,'''If we don't give the authors of music, film, literature, and journalism a way to control the distribution of their goods, the quality of all of these creative efforts will decline.''' ,'''It's easy to grow 300% in your first year or two, when you're starting with nothing and people first hear about your service. What separates a potential colossus from other businesses is the capacity to keep growing at that rate in years four, five, and beyond.''' ,'''When you start a company, you become really emotionally involved in it.''' ,'''I learned that sometimes you should just tell people the ugliest things about you because those are the things that people trust the most.''' ,'''If somebody were more passionate about Redfin, how would she not be more qualified to have my job than I am? Like, that's the thing I have to be the best at.''' ,'''As a captain of industry, I would prefer more tax breaks to help people buy houses, but as a citizen, I realize someone has to pay.''' ,'''Slow investing can have the same impact on startups that slow food has had on cuisine: good things come to those who wait.''' ,'''I worry all the time that we're going to screw up a customer's offer.''' ,'''Control of the browser that people use to access the Web turned out to be far less meaningful than the search engine we use as the starting point for finding Web information. I switch between Safari, Explorer, Firefox, and Chrome browsers all day. I never stray from Google search.''' ,'''Startups alternate between nostalgia for the garage and millennial longing for a lucrative exit. But what I always keep in mind is how disconnected and purposeless I felt before Redfin or my earlier startup, Plumtree. All I ever wanted was to get into a situation where I could win. Everybody has that dream.''' ,'''I wanted to solve every real estate problem with software.''' ,'''Employers are as sensitive to housing costs as their employees, which is why, when we build more houses, we create more jobs.''' ,'''The U.S. is one of the hardest-working cultures in the world.''' ,'''Everybody who's been fired has heard before about the problems they have. They just don't know it's that serious. Once you know what the stakes are, you become more serious.''' ,'''I learned that it's important to treat yourself like a work in progress, to think about how you can improve, to listen to feedback.''' ,'''We don't need to take the world by storm. We just need to make our customers happy, and when we do that, the word spreads.''' ,'''The most important question venture capitalists ask is what prevents your company from growing faster.''' ,'''Once you become more like Madison Avenue, you become acutely sensitive to what's going to annoy your clients.''' ,'''It's important for a CEO to feel lucky.''' ,'''Behind the driven person is just an enormous amount of misery. You have to be miserable with the status quo to want to change it.''' ,'''I am not excited about Bitcoin. I think it's an outrage that, in an era of global warming, there are racks of servers next to the Columbia River. I wish I could explain to the salmon that we've created a dam generating hydroelectric power so that we can generate a fake currency.''' ,'''Every firing happens differently except in this one respect: the person being fired can't believe how fast it happens.''' ,'''From squalls, jibes, and other sudden calamities, I learned you don't always get to decide when you've got to make a decision.''' ,'''Even though I am sympathetic to newspapers, I am not entirely convinced by the newspapers' claim that Google News violates fair use standards in posting snippets from news articles on its site.''' ,'''I think companies psych themselves out and say, 'Now that we're public, we've got to get all stuffy. We've got to be a certain way,' and the entrepreneurial spirit dies. What you got to keep alive is the intimacy, the energy, this crazed sense of purpose.''' ,'''The problem for new businesses isn't corporate taxes. Anyone who has actually started a new business knows you don't make enough money for years to pay any meaningful tax on it.''' ,'''In some ways, it's better to be undervalued a little than overvalued a lot, just because it's still easy to believe our best days are ahead of us.''' ,'''Almost everything is interesting if you work at it.''' ,'''We need to create technologies - and a culture of respect, and an updated legal doctrine, too - that allow creative folks to make money from their own efforts.''' ,'''Steve Jobs knows how to hold his hand out, to build beautiful products and make people pay for them.''' ,'''When I was trying to write a novel, I ran out of money, and I was delivering packages on a bicycle. And I finally connected with these guys who started a software company, and almost serendipitously fell into that. I felt like they were goofy guys and that I was a goofy guy.''' ,'''Growing up is mostly the process of having to acknowledge the differences between your world and the whole world.''' ,'''Many of the libertarian entrepreneurs who only want the government to leave them alone have simply forgotten how important government research, public education, and immigration policy are to Silicon Valley's long-term success.''' ,'''Those in technology who can afford to stay in Silicon Valley all know it as one of the most beautiful places to live in the world, but a wariness has sunk in as folks from other walks of life are forced to leave: coffee shops are wall-to-wall with aspiring entrepreneurs, and restaurants buzz with talk of valuations and venture capital.''' ,'''I think of myself as someone who's trying to make things better.''' ,'''People can smell a lack of respect from a mile away.''' ,'''I do think entrepreneurs need to be smart, but there's another scale I never evaluated myself on that is now the source of my deepest strength: Not how much brains I have, but how much love I have.''' ,'''Folks are leaving Silicon Valley, mostly because they can't afford to stay.''' ,'''The one thing that Redfin has been really good at has been at delighting people.''' ,'''Startups can be the most conservative organizations in the world. We spend so much energy nurturing our delicate egos against naysayers and self-doubt that we can hardly admit mistakes. This is especially true of first-time CEOs.''' ,'''I really admire the fact that whenever Marc Singer gets a call from someone running late, he says he's running late, too. I don't admit that even when it's true. Small, unnoticeable acts of generosity are sometimes the most impressive.''' ,'''After a young adulthood trying to get him to see the world for how it really is, my brother Wes and I have come back to the way our dad is, realizing that it's sometimes our job to see the world as it could be, as we want it to be.''' ,]
+++