+++
author = "Heather Graham"
title = "Heather Graham Quotes"
quotes_len = "55"
description = "the best 55 Heather Graham Quotes"
keywords = "heather graham,heather graham quotes,heather graham quote,heather graham sayings,heather graham saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As a kid, I read 'Peter Pan,' and I really wanted to be him.''' ,'''I think Korean barbecue is very accessible to Americans because it's sort of similar to something we know, but with different flavours.''' ,'''I'd have made a terrible nun.''' ,'''Gosh, it's so fun to do a movie where there's nothing dark happening in it.''' ,'''I think you have to be honest and not try to be somebody that you really aren't.''' ,'''I'd rather look old than look as if I'd had plastic surgery. Sometimes it looks really fake; all people can think about when they look at you is that you've had plastic surgery.''' ,'''I work out a lot and I do yoga and I do Pilates and I'm kind of athletic. I've taken dance classes, but at the same point I'm just a total klutz.''' ,'''I was taught to be demure, so it was harder for me to learn how to stand up for myself and go, 'What do I want? What are my desires?'''' ,'''I wish that there were more female driven films, female-centric films being made.''' ,'''I basically think that I'm a fairly nice, normal person with just a few eccentricities.''' ,'''In my own life, I've written scripts that I want to direct, so I would love to take my own creativity in a way where I could tell my own story. That does inspire me, the idea of becoming a director.''' ,'''I am intrigued by different religions and respect them all, but to be honest, I feel the most spiritual when I am doing yoga or looking at an ocean. Being spiritual is feeling a connection with a higher power and knowing that life is about more than just achieving goals. It is about feeling good in the moment.''' ,'''I am a bit of a Valley girl, so I say 'you know' and 'like' too much.''' ,'''There are less opportunities for women.''' ,'''I watched movies and thought, 'I want to be in movies,' and wanted to be an actor.''' ,'''I want to be able to fly like a superhero. I won't be happy until I can fly across oceans and cities, saving people from being murdered.''' ,'''I've been evaluating how much I value happiness in my life. To be too driven takes away your happiness.''' ,'''I'd like to think I could do something great - a performance like Meryl Streep's in 'Sophie's Choice' - at some point in my life. At the same time, though, I don't want to put too much pressure on myself to be great.''' ,'''I sleep as much as I want. I'll sleep, like, 11 hours, unless I'm working. Sometimes I do feel like, 'This is weird; I should just get up so I can fit into the world.' Then I'm like, 'Why?' I don't have a nine-to-five job.''' ,'''I try to get 11 or 12 hours of sleep a night. It sounds excessive but that's really what I need.''' ,'''I just try to take the best opportunities that I can get.''' ,'''I think if you're an actor you kind of have to be willing to look stupid.''' ,'''I used to dress up in my mom's old clothes and play with these kids from the neighbourhood and make up stories: I would pretend that we were all vampires.''' ,'''The funny thing is, I look at these magazines that make me so insecure and neurotic, but I'm in them!''' ,'''Whenever I meet people who seem really sweet and unassuming, I kind of wonder about them.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of moisturisers. Sometimes I'll just buy a night-time nourishing cream from The Body Shop, and sometimes I'll splurge on Creme de la Mer. I also love the Alba Botanica range.''' ,'''It would be nice if I did have a good relationship with my family, and yes, part of me longs to have a mum and dad who love and accept me for who I am. But if they never do, it's OK.''' ,'''I took karate classes for a few years. Taekwondo. I'd love to do a movie role where I could do some karate.''' ,'''It's good to be able to be a leading lady, to be a romantic lead, to play opposite people who are talented, and charismatic and stuff.''' ,'''A man can be 43, and people will say, 'Oh, he's a cool bachelor, and he just hasn't settled down,' but with a woman, it's, 'Oh, she must have really wanted to get married, but she didn't.' I honestly think that attitude is a little bit sexist.''' ,'''I've learnt to take care of myself.''' ,'''I'm not the kind of person who needs to be a mother no matter what. Life brings you people. Maybe I'll nurture someone who's not my child, like a friend, or an actor I'm working with who needs some love.''' ,'''When you're playing a character, I think it's always better not to judge that character.''' ,'''To be honest, I feel like I think too much. So I like working out because it makes me kind of relax.''' ,'''I always wanted to be the pretty girl, but I thought I wasn't. When I started acting and getting pretty girl roles, I felt like I was just pretending, and nobody saw I was just this big nerd.''' ,'''I like doing yoga. I do yoga three times a week and I do Pilates twice.''' ,'''I do have the roller skates from 'Boogie Nights.'''' ,'''I'm not actually a mom in real life, so it's fun to pretend to be one. I like to approach things the same in art as in life. You can choose to look on the positive side and enjoy whatever roles you're given. You can find the silver lining in anything.''' ,'''I remember when we were shooting 'Boogie Nights,' all of my stand-ins were wiping out all the time. I'd practice before I got to the set, but they'd just show up and put on the roller-skates, and they'd be skating over these wires and cables, so they would all fall over. It was totally dangerous.''' ,'''Once a week, I spend a day luxuriating in bed. I like staying in my house, pottering around, and maybe cooking or just laying around reading. I love doing yoga and transcendental meditation.''' ,'''I definitely like not working sometimes. It's so fun. I just love sleeping in. In America, everyone is driven to succeed and wake up and do something. But I don't care. I want to sleep in. I want to relax. I don't want to have to get up every day.''' ,'''The ultimate fun is doing nothing. I like doing nothing with people I like - maybe just eating, hanging out and talking.''' ,'''I think the Olsen twins' line, The Row, has some cool stuff. And I'm kind of obsessed with a clothing line called Stop Staring. It has a lot of vintage-type dresses that are retro '40s and '50s inspired.''' ,'''I'd rather be happily single than unhappily married.''' ,'''There's always a side of me that goes, 'I'm just a nerd.' I never look at myself and say, 'I'm beautiful.' Like anyone else, I see the flaws. Guys don't do that as much as women. But you have to learn to appreciate and accept and love yourself as you are.''' ,'''I admire those people who hold on to their elegance in old age but I'd rather have fun.''' ,'''I practice transcendental meditation and there is a phase where you're meant to lift off the ground.''' ,'''I like clothes that make me feel good. My favourite designers include Michelle Jonas and Dolce & Gabbana. Their clothes make me feel as if I'm Sophia Loren - really womanly.''' ,'''Yeah, 'Feed the Dog' is just a really fun, teenage movie with Nat Wolff and Selena Gomez and all these other great people. It's just so silly-funny, and my character's super-fun.''' ,'''I guess you just feel like there's a whole story that's not being told in movies. You're only seeing the macho guy version of a story that from the woman's side, may be completely different.''' ,'''I like the idea of a family, but I don't know that I'd like to be a single mum.''' ,'''I don't need to try so hard to be someone else.''' ,'''There's not a lot of stories for women told by women in a very real, true voice.''' ,'''I'm a good Catholic girl in the way that Madonna is. In the sense that I'm not that good at all.''' ,'''I think it might be nice to date someone not in the business.''' ,]
+++