+++
author = "Elisabeth Kubler-Ross"
title = "Elisabeth Kubler-Ross Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Elisabeth Kubler-Ross Quotes"
keywords = "elisabeth kubler-ross,elisabeth kubler-ross quotes,elisabeth kubler-ross quote,elisabeth kubler-ross sayings,elisabeth kubler-ross saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is no death the way we understood it. The body dies, but not the soul.''' ,'''It is important to feel the anger without judging it, without attempting to find meaning in it. It may take many forms: anger at the health-care system, at life, at your loved one for leaving. Life is unfair. Death is unfair. Anger is a natural reaction to the unfairness of loss.''' ,'''It is difficult to accept death in this society because it is unfamiliar. In spite of the fact that it happens all the time, we never see it.''' ,'''According to my parents, I was supposed to have been a nice, churchgoing Swiss housewife. Instead I ended up an opinionated psychiatrist, author and lecturer in the American Southwest, who communicates with spirits from a world that I believe is far more loving and glorious than our own.''' ,'''It is inconceivable for our unconscious to imagine an actual ending of our own life here on Earth, and if this life of ours has to end, the ending is always attributed to a malicious intervention from the outside by someone else.''' ,'''As far as service goes, it can take the form of a million things. To do service, you don't have to be a doctor working in the slums for free, or become a social worker. Your position in life and what you do doesn't matter as much as how you do what you do.''' ,'''I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.''' ,'''Love is really the only thing we can possess, keep with us, and take with us.''' ,'''Medicine has changed greatly in the last decades. Widespread vaccinations have practically eradicated many illnesses, at least in western Europe and the United States. The use of chemotherapy, especially the antibiotics, has contributed to an ever decreasing number of fatalities in infectious diseases.''' ,'''We're put here on Earth to learn our own lessons. No one can tell you what your lessons are; it is part of your personal journey to discover them. On these journeys we may be given a lot, or just a little bit, of the things we must grapple with, but never more than we can handle.''' ,'''Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself, and know that everything in life has purpose. There are no mistakes, no coincidences, all events are blessings given to us to learn from.''' ,'''Consciously or not, we are all on a quest for answers, trying to learn the lessons of life. We grapple with fear and guilt. We search for meaning, love, and power. We try to understand fear, loss, and time. We seek to discover who we are and how we can become truly happy.''' ,'''The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of those depths.''' ,'''The ultimate lesson all of us have to learn is unconditional love, which includes not only others but ourselves as well.''' ,'''When we grow older and begin to realize that our omnipotence is really not so omnipotent, that our strongest wishes are not powerful enough to make the impossible possible, the fear that we have contributed to the death of a loved one diminishes - and with it, the guilt.''' ,'''I say to people who care for people who are dying, if you really love that person and want to help them, be with them when their end comes close. Sit with them - you don't even have to talk. You don't have to do anything but really be there with them.''' ,'''I've told my children that when I die, to release balloons in the sky to celebrate that I graduated. For me, death is a graduation.''' ,'''It is not the end of the physical body that should worry us. Rather, our concern must be to live while we're alive - to release our inner selves from the spiritual death that comes with living behind a facade designed to conform to external definitions of who and what we are.''' ,'''The truth does not need to be defended.''' ,'''I was destined to work with dying patients. I had no choice when I encountered my first AIDS patient. I felt called to travel some 250,000 miles each year to hold workshops that helped people cope with the most painful aspects of life, death and the transition between the two.''' ,'''I'm going to dance in all the galaxies.''' ,'''Those who learned to know death, rather than to fear and fight it, become our teachers about life.''' ,'''People after death become complete again. The blind can see, the deaf can hear, cripples are no longer crippled after all their vital signs have ceased to exist.''' ,'''Denial helps us to pace our feelings of grief. There is a grace in denial. It is nature's way of letting in only as much as we can handle.''' ,'''Those who have the strength and the love to sit with a dying patient in the silence that goes beyond words will know that this moment is neither frightening nor painful, but a peaceful cessation of the functioning of the body.''' ,'''My work with AIDS patients started right at the beginning of the epidemic, totally unplanned and spontaneous, as all my work had proceeded in the previous two decades, if it were not already my whole life-style! In the early eighties, we knew very little about this peculiar disease.''' ,'''Should you shield the canyons from the windstorms you would never see the true beauty of their carvings.''' ,'''It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on Earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up - that we will begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had.''' ,'''Watching a peaceful death of a human being reminds us of a falling star; one of a million lights in a vast sky that flares up for a brief moment only to disappear into the endless night forever.''' ,'''Live, so you do not have to look back and say: 'God, how I have wasted my life.'''' ,'''If people would get in touch with their spirits, they would be able to heal, emotionally and physically.''' ,'''I think modern medicine has become like a prophet offering a life free of pain. It is nonsense. The only thing I know that truly heals people is unconditional love.''' ,'''I didn't fully realize it at the time, but the goal of my life was profoundly molded by this experience - to help produce, in the next generation, more Mother Teresas and less Hitlers.''' ,'''When I came to this country in 1958, to be a dying patient in a medical hospital was a nightmare. You were put in the last room, furthest away from the nurses' station. You were full of pain, but they wouldn't give you morphine. Nobody told you that you were full of cancer and that it was understandable that you had pain and needed medication.''' ,'''We need to teach the next generation of children from day one that they are responsible for their lives. Mankind's greatest gift, also its greatest curse, is that we have free choice. We can make our choices built from love or from fear.''' ,'''The simple life on the farm was everything to me. Nothing was more relaxing after a long plane flight than to reach the winding driveway that led up to my house. The quiet of the night was more soothing than a sleeping pill.''' ,'''The five stages - denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance - are a part of the framework that makes up our learning to live with the one we lost. They are tools to help us frame and identify what we may be feeling. But they are not stops on some linear timeline in grief.''' ,'''We often assume that if we are good people we will not suffer the ills of the world.''' ,'''I only believe in what I see and hear with my own eyes and ears.''' ,'''It's only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up, we will then begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had.''' ,'''I always say that death can be one of the greatest experiences ever. If you live each day of your life right, then you have nothing to fear.''' ,'''Any natural, normal human being, when faced with any kind of loss, will go from shock all the way through acceptance.''' ,'''The only incontrovertible fact of my work is the importance of life.''' ,'''People are like stained - glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.''' ,'''For years, I have been stalked by a bad reputation. Actually, I have been pursued by people who have regarded me as the 'Death and Dying' Lady. They believe that having spent more than three decades in research into death and life after death qualifies me as an expert on the subject. I think they miss the point.''' ,'''Dying is something we human beings do continuously, not just at the end of our physical lives on this earth.''' ,'''Death is staring too long into the burning sun and the relief of entering a cool, dark room.''' ,'''Learning lessons is a little like reaching maturity. You're not suddenly more happy, wealthy, or powerful, but you understand the world around you better, and you're at peace with yourself. Learning life's lessons is not about making your life perfect, but about seeing life as it was meant to be.''' ,'''The opinion which other people have of you is their problem, not yours.''' ,'''For those who seek to understand it, death is a highly creative force. The highest spiritual values of life can originate from the thought and study of death.''' ,'''Death is not painful. It is the most beautiful experience you will have.''' ,]
+++