+++
author = "Scott Michael Foster"
title = "Scott Michael Foster Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Scott Michael Foster Quotes"
keywords = "scott michael foster,scott michael foster quotes,scott michael foster quote,scott michael foster sayings,scott michael foster saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you're playing someone who is angry and sad all the time, you get a little down.''' ,'''If you ever get a chance to learn how to scuba dive, go do it.''' ,'''Sometimes you read five, six, seven times for a role, and you meet new people every time, and you just keep climbing that ladder, and then it never goes anywhere. And then sometimes you just read once, and then you get it!''' ,'''I've got two little dogs, a little Chihuahua-Pomeranian I've had for about eight years - his name is Oliver - and a miniature German Schnauzer I've had for about seven years. They're like little brothers.''' ,'''When I was growing up, my favorite movie was 'Somewhere in Time' with Christopher Reeve, which is a hugely romantic, sappy movie. I couldn't understand it when the guy didn't get the girl or the girl didn't get the guy in love stories. I was definitely a sap.''' ,'''A reindeer is a deer with antlers, kind of close to caribou. They're small. It's like a big Great Dane. I don't think you could ride one. I couldn't, for sure.''' ,'''I imagine the time you really want to prove yourself is right before a wedding.''' ,'''I don't really like sweets, so that's never been a problem. Instead I'll have Kettle potato chips, which are gluten-free.''' ,'''I produced and starred in 'Wake the Riderless Horse,' a short film that my buddy wrote and directed.''' ,'''The writers did a great job of adapting the characters from the 'Frozen' story and implementing them into the 'Once Upon a Time' world.''' ,'''I only went to college for one semester, community college outside of Dallas. I got to the end of that and said, 'I'm not doing this anymore,' and moved to L.A. and landed a job.''' ,'''I was a little, tiny kid in the '80s, but I do remember seeing the styles of clothes, and I remember the cars from that era.''' ,'''I grew up in Dallas, and my dad works for IBM, so I grew up in the environment of Silicon Prairie.''' ,'''I did a TV show that didn't last on ABC called 'The Zero Hour,' and my character was working at a magazine.''' ,'''If there is a specialty cocktail I enjoy, it's the Moscow mule.''' ,'''I remember having computers at my parents' house growing up. We had different desktop PCs, but my first laptop was an IBM ThinkPad laptop. It was big, bulky, slow and terrible.''' ,'''I was introduced to spinning. It was so intense! It's the hardest workout you've ever done, and afterwards you feel amazing.''' ,'''If you wanna see me in full '80s glory, I did one season of 'Halt and Catch Fire.'''' ,'''If I did want to go back to school, I'd want to go to Loyola Marymount University over in, I believe, Morina, or Pepperdine. Those are just beautiful campuses. I know that's probably not the right reason to go school. The campuses are just stunning.''' ,'''I did choir in high school, but I didn't sing professionally anywhere ever.''' ,'''I'm a huge 'Game of Thrones' fan. I'm really into the 'Colbert Report' and 'Last Week Tonight.' And I really like to get on Netflix and watch, like, TV documentaries about: What happened to the mastodon? Or who was Jack the Ripper?''' ,'''I think if an actor is right for a role, casting sees that, and the words that are on the page, depending on how it's written, can really help your character develop.''' ,'''It's a rare opportunity to play a character that is not only a lot of fun to portray, but it's also rare to play someone that teaches you something.''' ,'''My first Eurotrip, I want to fly into London and take a train to all the traditional must-see cities.''' ,'''I remember watching my dad work on PCs, and I remember using Texas Instrument calculators in school. It was a bit nostalgic.''' ,'''ABC Family is ready to get a new image for themselves, and I think 'Greek' really kind of started that change.''' ,'''It was a small farm in a little rural town by the Indiana state border. I lived there from ages 5 to 12, I would say, before we moved to Dallas. We had chickens and a vegetable garden, and I had to get up to milk the goats at seven in the morning or do it at seven at night.''' ,'''I lived in Chicago until I was about 12, and then I moved to Dallas until I was 19. So I think both were probably the time right when I was about to get an accent, or I lost it right when I moved.''' ,'''I can't eat bread, anything fried, or even drink a beer.''' ,'''I think it always helps when you build a character, and then, you actually step into that character's wardrobe, something else happens. Another angle of the character comes to life.''' ,]
+++