+++
author = "Laura San Giacomo"
title = "Laura San Giacomo Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Laura San Giacomo Quotes"
keywords = "laura san giacomo,laura san giacomo quotes,laura san giacomo quote,laura san giacomo sayings,laura san giacomo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We've all had those moments where we take a person for granted.''' ,'''There are amazing schools and amazing educators that are doing a wonderful job. And then there are a lot of educators that are not prepared to deal with inclusive education. They haven't been trained. It's really quite lovely and easy when you understand how to do it.''' ,'''Certainly situation comedy is harder than people who are good at it make it look, but it's fun to do something different.''' ,'''The world is changing and the physical barriers are down now. It's time for the emotional barriers to go down. And what better place to start than school?''' ,'''I knew that I wanted to be an actor. Then it became about whether acting wanted me. So, I gave it a shot. It hasn't worked out too bad, so far.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a layman physics junkie. I don't really understand it, but I love trying to understand it.''' ,'''I did theater at Carnegie, and in Pittsburgh and New York.''' ,'''I went to college in Pittsburgh at Carnegie Mellon University... studied acting there. Then I went to New York for about five years. I moved out here about 10 years ago.''' ,'''I have a son, Mason, who is disabled - cerebral palsy - and he does not walk independently, sit independently or speak. He uses a talking computer. I started becoming an advocate for him when he was 3 years old.''' ,'''I am willing to lend that hand, I will continue to stay involved with my charities as long as they need me.''' ,'''I believe in giving back.''' ,'''For all of my fortune, there are many with misfortune that need a hand.''' ,'''It's fun to get really intense and emotionally detailed and complicated.''' ,]
+++