+++
author = "Drea De Matteo"
title = "Drea De Matteo Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Drea De Matteo Quotes"
keywords = "drea de matteo,drea de matteo quotes,drea de matteo quote,drea de matteo sayings,drea de matteo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''With 'Sons of Anarchy,' I had to leave a couple of times - I got another show, and I had a baby - so they sent me off to rehab. If I hadn't left, they probably would've killed me off by now.''' ,'''It really, truly is sad when it's over, man. To not have that regularness, that familiarity. I love working in television because of that. It's like going to see your family every day.''' ,'''I'm not one of these actors who's rolling in money.''' ,'''I swore I would never do a reality show. I've been offered them for years and years because our family life is a little crazy - I will admit to that. Definitely not the conventional mom or family - or anything, for that matter.''' ,'''I like real problems, the human condition - twisted, darker stuff.''' ,'''I have a penchant for playing characters that have been victimized repeatedly and still stood their ground and still remained unembittered.''' ,'''I'm proud to join Cruelty Free International in calling on the United States to end cosmetics testing on animals.''' ,'''I should have just become a manager.''' ,'''If I found the right guy, I think I would get married. Maybe. I just feel like it's just a contract. Why sign any more contracts, really?''' ,'''On 'Sons of Anarchy', Wendy and Nero are the only characters who really don't have an agenda that has to do with anything but their love for their children, their love for their mates, their love for their friends.''' ,'''I don't think anybody is ever going to call me to play someone who is mousy and demure.''' ,'''I'm tired of the industry, tired of playing the whole game - the dressing up, the red carpet. I hate talking about myself.''' ,'''Whenever these shows end, it's tough. Everybody's gonna feel it.''' ,'''I'm definitely stereotyped, and I'm very okay with that.''' ,'''People like to see certain actors do certain things, and people like to see me play that role. I also have no interest in playing a normal girl in a romantic comedy in some cutesy thing.''' ,'''Animals shouldn't suffer for the sake of beauty.''' ,'''I have so much fun with Matt LeBlanc that whether I love it or not really makes no difference to me because I just really have that much fun with him and playing with him. Being onstage with him is great.''' ,'''I could not identify with harming my child or giving up my child. But I could identify with giving up my child if it were going to be ultimately in his best interest.''' ,''''The Muthaship' was an experiment. All my friends are working at Endemol, so they just kind of pushed me into it to see if we could shoot a little web series on an iPhone - and that's what we did: we shot it on an iPhone. So it's so experiential and so silly.''' ,'''I was a real East Village girl.''' ,'''I like to make everything my friends are involved in a little better. I should have just become a manager.''' ,'''I get super bored playing bland, normal girls.''' ,'''I'd love to do a 'Sopranos' sequel.''' ,]
+++