+++
author = "Danielle De Niese"
title = "Danielle De Niese Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Danielle De Niese Quotes"
keywords = "danielle de niese,danielle de niese quotes,danielle de niese quote,danielle de niese sayings,danielle de niese saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think of myself as an Olympian. I have had a dream since I was a very small child. And because I have parents without whom I couldn't have realised that dream.''' ,'''Unfortunately, opera engagements tend to be made five years in advance, and I don't really agree with that.''' ,'''The thing that fuels me the most is the desire to be on stage. And singing is the ultimate way of expressing all the emotions that I have inside.''' ,'''Music is as integral to me as my own DNA. My life has become a continual soundtrack, with music underscoring the most powerful and even the most banal moments of my life.''' ,'''One of my favourite books of all time: 'The Great Gatsby'. I just think it's so well written.''' ,'''I know there are lots of regional accents in England, but I can't tell them apart and I'm not really aware of class. I don't pay any attention to those boundaries. I'm a California girl.''' ,'''From my perspective, music allows me to escape from the world of what is happening right in front of me... to the world of my thoughts, my dreams, my hopes and ideas - for the world, for my own life, for the day, even for the moment.''' ,'''I sang with a voice that was natural, and I liked the way I produced that sound. I thought of my other friends, that they were singing and dancing, but they didn't have this. I was special.''' ,'''I believed in Santa Claus until I was 12!''' ,'''I've always considered myself to be a travelling soul. I've never felt out of place anywhere.''' ,'''My professional life shouldn't be an influence on whether I spend time at home. My career is my whole life's blood. It's my calling.''' ,'''Music can be a source of escapism.''' ,'''My dad's in banking, my mum manages the American branch of a Swiss vitamin company; they're really busy, but they still come to all my premieres.''' ,'''To be a famously successful opera singer. I wanted that since I was eight.''' ,'''One of the things I loved about my childhood was that I didn't feel like I lost my innocence too young, like some children these days.''' ,'''I spent my first 10 years in the Commonwealth. I come from cricket, crumpets, cucumber sandwiches, the Queen.''' ,'''I got into singing when I was 6.''' ,'''I have to take care of myself. It's about self-preservation.''' ,'''In a fit at the bookstore one day, I bought all my favourite composers' biographies: Schubert, Massenet, Wolf. I've still not had a chance to read them; it breaks my heart. But when you travel so much, you just can't take that many books with you.''' ,'''My Mozart career began as a teenager in Los Angeles, singing arias from 'Le Nozze di Figaro' and 'Don Giovanni.'''' ,'''My parents kept me very grounded.''' ,'''Mozart is my first strength.''' ,'''My mother actually does most of my shopping for me. I love fashion, but I don't really love shopping.''' ,'''Outreach appearances in the schools are usually part of my contracts, and I love doing them.''' ,'''We can all afford to do a little soul-searching about the choices we make and the way we live our lives, but sometimes searching one's soul doesn't provide the answers we seek.''' ,'''What I see as specially English is the charm - everyone is so polite. Being restrained is part of the charm. And I love the sense of humour - it takes me back to Australia. The English are great at making fun of themselves. They're so self-effacing.''' ,'''I love Jimmy Choo and Manolo Blahnik.''' ,'''I don't feel I'm fighting to reach this huge audience; it just happens. I go on stage before the audience arrives and look out to this vast empty house. There's something therapeutic about taking in the ring where you'll perform.''' ,'''You can't abuse your voice by yelling and screaming.''' ,'''I'm a huge dog person; I love to hug and kiss them.''' ,'''I feel very fortunate. I feel like an Olympian. When I watch the Olympics, I cry because I have been through that journey.''' ,'''I've always been a bit dressed up, even on casual days. I suppose that's the performer in me.''' ,]
+++