+++
author = "Ankit Tiwari"
title = "Ankit Tiwari Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Ankit Tiwari Quotes"
keywords = "ankit tiwari,ankit tiwari quotes,ankit tiwari quote,ankit tiwari sayings,ankit tiwari saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have always loved originality.''' ,'''I have chosen music as a profession for myself. I have never felt any kind of burden or pressure on being a part of this industry.''' ,'''It so happens that whenever I come to Delhi, my schedule is always packed. But sometimes, I call my friends to my hotel itself. And of course, I ask them to get the food I love. This way, I get to meet them and enjoy my favorite cuisines too.''' ,'''I come from U.P., so I can say that I have some knowledge about food and flavors.''' ,'''I love performing in Delhi. It's the heart of the country.''' ,'''Luckily, I've the ability to express my music exactly the way I create it because I sing my own compositions.''' ,'''Frankly speaking, acting offers do come my way.''' ,'''As a composer, I want to try different genres, and I always look forward to trying different things, but I think the word 'romantic' is synonymous with my name, and that's why I am offered such songs.''' ,'''The purpose behind coming to Mumbai had always been music and I feel blessed to have got the opportunity to showcase my talent, work with prominent directors and reach out to my fans.''' ,'''Every musician creates a bank. You'll first check if any of the songs from the bank fits in, and if you feel it does, you suggest it to the filmmakers. Sometimes it works, while sometimes it gets rejected.''' ,'''My mother is a spiritual singer in Kanpur and she has devoted her entire life to singing at various jagratas and religious ceremonies.''' ,'''Music is my passion. I love music and I have a wish that my last breath be on stage.''' ,'''It has been a contented journey, as I made it without a filmi background tag, but at the same time, a lot remains to be done because there is much good music in me.''' ,'''I enjoy sitting on the floor in my house and eating daal chawal. That will remain with me wherever I go.''' ,'''I believe one shouldn't shut oneself to any possibilities.''' ,'''Music is a very sensitive thing. We get musically attached to a project and it has the power to affect your mood.''' ,'''I always try to come home for Diwali.''' ,'''Delhi's food is just outstanding.''' ,'''I left my native place to come to Mumbai, got routinely cheated, was given bad words, had phones and doors slammed on me. All my work and time was going down the drain. I didn't get credit for some work I did.''' ,'''The pandemic has affected every single field and part of life globally including the entertainment field.''' ,'''Every music composer has his or her own distinct style. If I listen to any song by - say Mithoon or AR Rahman - I'll instantly know it's been composed by them.''' ,'''Jaipur is a city with a lot of genuine people.''' ,'''In today's day and age, one looks forward to experimenting and it pays off at times and at times it doesn't. This does not mean one should stop trying.''' ,'''Yes, I am acting in my singles, but that is very different from acting in a movie.''' ,'''I am not just a singer, I am a composer as well. Because I'm balancing both, it takes me longer to compose a song.''' ,'''My music has to be pure.''' ,'''I'm a born music lover and want to sing for all music composers as well but due to some false impression many makers feel that I prefer to make my own music and sing, though I'm equally comfortable in both.''' ,'''There is no dearth of talented lyricists and I know many of them don't get an opportunity. After I received success, many of them approached me via e-mail or phone calls to tell me about their work. If I feel that a song written by a lyricist is fit for a film on which I am working as a composer, I give them the break.''' ,'''I told my parents about my musical dreams. They let me try my luck.''' ,'''Music composition was a creative call for me, and it gives me a kick. But I never thought that I would ever sing professionally, even though I used to sing a lot.''' ,'''I have not thought of pairing with somebody for music direction and will continue composing music by myself.''' ,'''Since the time I started working in Bollywood, I have wanted to come and perform in Kanpur.''' ,'''To release a single, a musician no longer needs to rely on a big label or production house, which are usually inaccessible.''' ,'''While my father has a music group of his own, my mother sings devotional songs. So, right from childhood I would sit with them during practice and I trained under Vidod Dwivediji.''' ,''''The Villain' is another project with Mohit Suri under Balaji Productions. It was again very tough to impress him even after 'Sun Raha Hai' but some how I manage to get in.''' ,'''I will take a camera with me in all my trips and capture all the moments which I can savour later.''' ,'''Apart from family I really admire A.R. Rahman and Sachin Tendulakr.''' ,'''Arijit Singh is big, is a very good artist, and we all know that.''' ,'''I am equally capable of doing club songs, slow rock songs and any other kind as well.''' ,'''I am not against remakes. They help in selling a film or creating a buzz around it. But it's my personal choice to stick to original music.''' ,'''I believe a filtration process works, where you need someone to listen, before the track goes out into the world.''' ,'''At the end of the day I also need to earn my bread and butter. Just because I am not getting to show my versatility doesn't mean I will leave the projects that are coming my way.''' ,'''I'm a composer, music director, singer and performer. So it is a Bollywood rule that people don't know who has sung a song and whether your voice will be chosen.''' ,'''Through 'Bey pinjara,' I want people to understand their value and want them to make their life an experience worth living.''' ,'''Sometimes you have something to say, but you cannot say it through movies because there are restrictions - situations given by the director that you have to follow - so you are tied up.''' ,'''To do anything professionally, you need to train in it. You can't practise music without training.''' ,'''Today, if you are unable to sing properly, technology can support you.''' ,'''I realized and decided that I really wanted to travel and explore the world.''' ,'''Once, I got a chance to meet filmmaker Pradeep Sarkar. He wanted me to give music for his film but the project never got off.''' ,'''When you are yourself involved in a project so much, you have to take one step at a time and make sure it turns out good.''' ,'''I am singing for Ranbir Kapoor in 'Roy' and Emraan Hashmi in 'X Men.'''' ,'''If critics find my songs monotonous, then I also find their opinion monotonous.''' ,'''We face many hurdles in our life and somehow we get busy in our hectic schedules and forget how to enjoy our life.''' ,'''As a creative person, to do anything I need to get inspired.''' ,'''Doing a single was always on my to-do list.''' ,'''When I met Zaeden, I bonded well with him he had an instrumental piece ready so we worked on it, composed, and added lyrics. Then we came up up with this EDM-Bollywood fusion.''' ,'''If you're in Bollywood and working in any category, and you receive a Filmfare Award for it, it's a huge thing for any creative person.''' ,'''My priority is my work.''' ,'''When I decided that I will become a music director, the first thing I wanted to do was to make songs for Vishesh Films as I used to love their musicals. I had eight to ten songs which I had made only for them and fortunately 'Sun Raha Hai' from that list was liked by them and it actually opened doors for me.''' ,'''For 'Dil Cheez'... people wanted me to credit DJ Khaled. I was told to do that by the makers. But, I still made changes in the notes. This is a legal thing. I'm a musician, not a thief.''' ,'''I haven't travelled much. Even if I have, it's for work or for performance. I haven't explored things.''' ,'''It is true that independent music is risky, but the amount of freedom of expression it provides an artist overpowers this risk.''' ,'''See, as a music composer, I am not competing with any music composer.''' ,'''My struggle has been graceful. Yes, I have taken money from family, but never from outsiders.''' ,'''I enjoy everything about singing.''' ,'''What makes film music different is that we are always given a situation and we make the song accordingly.''' ,'''Oh, it was a tough call to reach Mumbai leaving friends and home behind but I knew 'it's now or never.' So I embarked on my new journey.''' ,'''As a musician or composer, whenever I am recording a song I imagine myself sitting beside my piano and singing the song with a little fear that whether I will be able to perform or not.''' ,'''From Alia Bhatt to Pooja Bhatt and Mahesh Bhatt, everyone was involved with me in the making of 'Tum se hi.'''' ,'''There are two things that I really like to do. One is I like to watch horror films a lot. The other hobby is photography.''' ,'''What can I do if the director and producers comes to me with a certain demand for a vision for a song? I will try my best to give them a song that matches their vision.''' ,'''The art of sewing lyrics with the tune is very interesting as a music director.''' ,'''I don't care about the world. What matters the most to me is my maa and my music. That's it!''' ,'''When 'Aashiqui' released there was no social media, yet it was a hit. Today we have the Internet which makes music very accessible to people.''' ,'''I never thought that I would be able to make singing a career. It's great that my passion is also the source of my bread and butter.''' ,'''In Mumbai I have to keep an eye on my diet so that I stay in shape, but at home I just indulge.''' ,'''Films have bigger budgets unlike singles, so producers benefit more from them.''' ,'''Melody is my strength and it requires a lot of hard work, proper training and guidance for singing such songs.''' ,'''My Mom and Dad, I saw them struggling in their lives for me and my brother Ankur Tiwari. They struggled so that we could enjoy our lives.''' ,'''But the focus for actors is always towards acting. It is very obvious that they don't need to have training in professional music.''' ,'''As an artiste you want to experiment, meet new people and do different kind of songs.''' ,'''When any artist performs for students, it automatically means they are getting a young crowd.''' ,'''There are many songs... but there's one song from the movie 'Mr. X' called 'Tu Jo Hain,' and it's special. People usually ask me what my biggest achievement is so I tell them that it is hidden in this song.''' ,'''Love is not always bed of roses. When its unfulfilled, it causes immense pain and anger.''' ,'''The most thankless job in our film industry is that of lyricists. Next in the list are writers. These two don't get any recognition at all, whereas they have the most important roles in every film today.''' ,'''It was Mahesh Bhatt saab's idea to get Shraddha to sing 'Galliyan.' I was all for it.''' ,'''It is my brother's belief in me that got me this far. Ankur has always been my biggest source of strength. Had it not been for him, I could've never reached the heights where I am now.''' ,'''Yes, I do go to movies with my female friends. But I make sure there is an empty seat between us. That seat will only be filled by my wife whenever she comes in my life.''' ,'''I used to perform with my mother when I was young. This groomed me in a major way.''' ,'''I am scared to even look at any woman.''' ,'''I am not interested in anyone and will let my mother decide about my marriage.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if there are 5,000 or 500 people in the crowd, if you can sing well and with absolute honesty, people will love you back.''' ,'''I got recognition because of film music, but people start recognizing me as an artiste more because of singles.''' ,'''I feel that if Bollywood singers focus on non-film music as well... like this EP 'Naina,' which has songs sung by Sonu Nigam and Devender Pal Singh, it is really good.''' ,'''I want to do everything related to music. Every genre, every style I want to compose.''' ,'''Almost every second film today has a rehashed version of an old song. In fact, even non-filmi songs are now being rehashed and used in Bollywood films, which is a good thing. But I don't want to be a part of that trend, not as a composer or as a singer.''' ,'''Actually, 'Phir Na Mile Kabhi' is a very emotional and a heartbreak song and somewhere it does touch the heart of the listeners as it touched my heart as well.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it is good music that matters to me, so I'm open to offers.''' ,'''I strongly believe that music comes from the soul and no amount of technology can 'manufacture' that.''' ,'''More competition means you do better work and a better product emerges.''' ,]
+++