+++
author = "Sean Duffy"
title = "Sean Duffy Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Sean Duffy Quotes"
keywords = "sean duffy,sean duffy quotes,sean duffy quote,sean duffy sayings,sean duffy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The benefits that were offered to me as a congressman don't even compare to the benefits that you get as a state employee.''' ,'''Black lives matter. They do. And Indian. And Asian. Hispanic and white. All those lives matter. We should fight for all life, including life of the unborn.''' ,'''I just believe that government borrowing and spending doesn't lead to economic prosperity, growth, or sustainable jobs. I know that it comes from the private sector: people who invest in their businesses and ideas.''' ,'''Wisconsin is a very liberal state and a very conservative state. We're the home of the progressive movement. We're the home of the Republican Party.''' ,'''I think Donald Trump believes in defeating ISIS, resolving issues in the Middle East.''' ,'''There's a viewpoint that says, 'I can fight for minorities, and I can fight for women,' and if you get that, you make up a vast majority of the voting block, and you win. And white males have been left aside a little bit in the politics of who speaks to them.''' ,'''If Scott Brown can win in a state that President Obama won by 26 points, I can win in a district that Obey won by just 20 points against an unknown, underfunded challenger in the Democratic landslide of 2008. It means there is not a single Democrat in the country who is safe.''' ,'''Why wasn't Michelle Obama, on October 1st, at the computer with her family signing up for Obamacare, or Jay Carney? They have their own gold-plated health care plan.''' ,'''As a guy that's the 10th of 11 kids, families work through problems by talking and communicating; so, too, does the government.''' ,'''Paul Ryan is the gold standard for conservatism.''' ,'''I think when you marry up like I did and Mitt Romney did, your wife says a lot about who you are and I think she humanizes him and brings a different vision of who Mitt Romney is.''' ,'''I vaccinate my kids on most things, but then there are some things where I'm like, 'This may not work for me and my values and my family.'''' ,'''I come from a long line of lumberjacks. My family has a proud heritage of swinging the ax. I've always been quick to take on a big piece of timber, and I'm just as ready to topple the big spending in Washington.''' ,'''We should be all be treated equally under the law. Why should members of Congress be in Obamacare and not the president?''' ,'''If you want to know my character, look at the kids I've raised.''' ,'''With 6 kids, I still pay off my student loans. I still pay my mortgage. I drive a used minivan. If you think I'm living high off the hog, I've got one paycheck.''' ,'''I think that bold leadership sells.''' ,'''If you look at the other 16 candidates who ran for president, they're politicians. Everybody on the Hill knows them. And sometimes they know their families. No one really knows Donald Trump.''' ,'''In competition, you see people who win and lose, and you have to learn how to lose gracefully. You have to be able to come back in the day and compete again, not hold a grudge, and put everything into the next fight.''' ,'''We see people voting for bills that their ideals and principles are opposed to, but because their little funding project is in there, they're voting for it. We might say it's one percent of all spending but the impact of that spending is far greater.''' ,'''For small community banks and credit unions, like those in Central and Northern Wisconsin, the hundreds of new rules will require an estimated 2,260,631 labor hours just for compliance. Those are hours that your local bank or credit union will spend dealing with some Washington bureaucrat instead of focusing on the needs of customers like you.''' ,'''Do I want to see people take their Social Security payments and put them into private accounts, open up an eTrade account and go into the stock market? Absolutely not.''' ,'''Some will say, 'I wish I had a different choice. I wish there was a different candidate!' Listen: you have two choices. You have Donald and you have Hillary. And you have no other choice.''' ,'''I know my kids best. I know what morals and values are right for my children. I think we should not have an oppressive state telling us what to do.''' ,'''I don't necessarily support Romney, I don't consider myself a Republican. I'm pretty much an independent.''' ,'''You don't plan on doing reality TV if you plan on getting involved in politics. My show was pretty benign, but you do say and do things that are dumb at that age. Those shows have me locked in at age 25.''' ,'''My liberal friends, Congressional Black Caucus members, talk about fighting for the defenseless, the hopeless, and the downtrodden. There is no one more hopeless and voiceless than an unborn baby, but their silence is deafening. I can't hear them. Where are they standing up for their communities, advocating and fighting for their right to life?''' ,'''I'm jumping on a trend to try to engage my younger constituents. They need to know that a lot of what's happening now will impact their futures. If taking a 'selfie' with the chair of the SEC, Steny Hoyer, or Alzheimer's research advocates, gets their attention, then it's worth it. Plus, it's fun.''' ,'''When you want to fix the country, you want someone who can beat Hillary Clinton.''' ,'''Our sixth child, MariaVictoria, when she was born, before any of us could hand MariaVictoria to my wife Rachel, Uncle Sam stepped in and handed her a bill for $43,000.''' ,'''Paul Ryan is loved in our state because he's a conservative who has advocated for conservative policies, and Donald Trump coming out saying favorable things about Mr. Ryan's opponent doesn't add to the number of voters in Wisconsin that'll vote Donald Trump.''' ,'''It comes down to the simple idea that government has grown substantially under Barack Obama, and government has been a failure in American's lives, and Hillary Clinton wants to grow government even further. I think Donald Trump wants to restrain government and shrink government.''' ,'''The bottom line is, there're a lot of conservatives that don't feel Donald Trump is conservative, right? Or, he's not their brand of conservatism... and there's a lot of people who don't have a seat on the inside who used to have a seat on the inside.''' ,'''Millions of dollars, millions of dollars are spent by Planned Parenthood to elect Democrats to the House of Representatives and to the Senate. This isn't about babies; this is about money.''' ,'''I never thought I would run for Congress. If you look back at a certain reality TV show, you know that.''' ,'''Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have left us with $19 trillion in debt.''' ,'''You're going to see a rise of the white male voter who feels like they're not secure, their country has been taken away. They cherish the American flag. They have fought for the American flag. They have fought for the American idea and the ideal.''' ,'''As American families and businesses have been forced to tighten their belts, Washington has refused to do the same.''' ,'''If you want to persuade people, you've got to talk with your heart. You've got to talk about why your policies matter to them.''' ,'''I think a lot of parents who are smart, well-read - they're the ones who are choosing not to vaccinate. And oftentimes, those who may not be as well-read - they are vaccinating. So to say you just have a bunch of crackpots who are choosing not to do this to their children, I just don't think that's actually true.''' ,'''Let's rally behind Donald Trump, and together, let's make America great again!''' ,'''People believe you have to secure the border; whether you're doing it with a wall that keeps getting higher because of the crazy things the Mexicans say, if you go that Donald Trump route, whatever route you go, everyone agrees in our movement that you have to secure the border.''' ,'''I was an MTV guy back in the day.''' ,'''If I know I'm going to be in a little different system, I'm 39, I can plan for that; we can plan for that. Doing nothing, the status quo, is going to guarantee cuts for current seniors... reforming the system is the only way you shore it up.''' ,'''Hillary Clinton is a dud. She's horrible.''' ,]
+++