+++
author = "Bianca Del Rio"
title = "Bianca Del Rio Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Bianca Del Rio Quotes"
keywords = "bianca del rio,bianca del rio quotes,bianca del rio quote,bianca del rio sayings,bianca del rio saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The average person assumes that you're a drag queen so you're a nelly and you want to be a girl, which is not the case, and I think Drag Race has changed that for us.''' ,'''What's funny is funny. It doesn't matter what expense it's at. There are people who don't like that and I understand.''' ,'''I have problems like everybody else. I have problems with razor burn, and I try not to eat food that will make me gassy before meet-and-greets with fans.''' ,'''No one can play crazy like Glenn Close. I loved her in 'Fatal Attraction,' '101 Dalmatians,' 'The World According to Garp' - all of those are great.''' ,'''Before Bianca?? I don't remember that far back! That would've been in my teens. I was working in local theater and opera, doing costumes, hair and makeup.''' ,'''I laugh at myself on a daily basis.''' ,'''Everybody does drag for different reasons.''' ,'''I think for many people, they think that being in drag means you want to be a girl. Being trans and doing drag is completely different.''' ,'''I've done drag many, many years, but TV is a huge, powerful thing.''' ,'''I don't know what I want, but I know what I don't want, which has worked out well for me.''' ,'''People have gone down this spiral of cancel culture and the idea that everything is offensive.''' ,'''Rolodex of Hate' is basically how I ended up being so hateful. It's a look inside.''' ,'''It's important for me to get close to Sarah Huckabee Sanders and actually fix her makeup.''' ,'''Dr. Phil is a fat, loud blowhard with a Texas twang and male-pattern baldness.''' ,'''People love sympathy, people love the underdog. For me, sympathy is not part of my drag aesthetic.''' ,'''I've had some great gigs and had horrible ones. I always look at the horrible ones, and think there's got to be something in this that I can use later in my show. It all pays off in the end.''' ,'''We all have things we're ashamed of.''' ,'''I see the people who teased me on Facebook, and they look like hell.''' ,'''People feel they can just pass judgement with a tweet or with a comment and then you're supposed to change your life for them. I can't worry about what some phantom individual online has to say about me.''' ,'''Sometimes if you're dealing with straight interviewers they're a little more excited if you're in drag: 'Oooh! Aaaah! Eeeee!' But if you're just sitting there out of drag, they think you're just a bitter queen.''' ,'''With 'Drag Race' in particular, I'd seen seasons four and five, before mine. So I wasn't a huge, knew every word, knew every queen type of fan. There are some contestants who have done this show who know everything about it.''' ,'''In 1996 I was working on a play in New Orleans, and they needed a drag queen. I offered to play the role. That led to guest appearances at bars, which led to regular appearances at bars, which led to hosting. I eventually started working six days a week in bars before moving to N.Y.C.''' ,'''I mean, I'm a drag queen, any excuse to wear a costume means it's going to be a good time.''' ,'''I don't take myself too seriously, I try to always encourage people when they come to see me that nothing is really serious.''' ,'''Most people think they don't have anything to relate to a drag queen, but shockingly there's a lot we can talk about.''' ,'''I can laugh at anything, there's humour in all of it and I think the minute you find it, the better life is.''' ,'''Everything is not serious. If you don't like what I'm saying, change the channel - don't look at me, don't buy a ticket. You either get it or you don't, and it's fascinating because it's usually intelligent people with a sense of humor who get it.''' ,'''Oh my God, of course there's everybody in the world that I would love to work with. I mean I got to meet and work with Joan Rivers, who was my absolute favorite. Sadly I didn't get to meet Mr. Don Rickles before he passed.''' ,'''As a drag queen, you can pick your hair and I've made some horrible choices.''' ,'''TV's a pretty powerful thing.''' ,'''I mean, there's enough people who have a job for years and are not good at it, so you should be skilled at what you do.''' ,'''In the gay world, and in drag in particular, they love to put you on a pedestal and then two minutes later rip you down.''' ,'''Everyone wants to perform at Wembley Arena. It's a mecca.''' ,'''One of my favourites on Instagram is @dublin_zoetrope. He does these musical theatre/Meryl Streep/Glenn Close memes that are truly hysterical. He'll take a regular photo of them and create an entire storyline, and it makes me cackle out loud.''' ,'''I'm a man in a wig who is an entertainer, I'm not a role model.''' ,'''Work was always a part of my life.''' ,'''I've never been a dreamer.''' ,'''If someone decides to be in the front row anytime I'm doing a show, they know what they're getting into.''' ,'''I wish I had a sad story, but I don't. Too many gay people have a sad story.''' ,'''No matter what I do, you're going to be upset by something.''' ,'''These are truly special days we live in - where a clown in a gown can make her very own drag queen revenge-comedy.''' ,'''I generally enjoy talking with the audience - they give you so much. They've usually had a cocktail or two and they are wild, so it creates a fun environment.''' ,'''We live in a world where everybody's an expert. Everybody's doing a YouTube video. Everyone's doing a tutorial of what needs to happen.''' ,'''Have you walked around in heels? That's a workout. But like all good gay men, I have a gym membership.''' ,'''I'm not a person who lives for sympathy.''' ,'''Basically, I want the most unnatural look possible.''' ,'''I'm a worker bee, I like to have a schedule, I like to have a place to be, and a time, and a schedule - it just makes sense to me.''' ,'''Obviously I have to use makeup remover, which I have my own makeup remover called Bianca Remover, which you can buy online.''' ,'''I mean I'm one of those people that laugh at a funeral. And it's always the worst time, but there's always a place to find something funny.''' ,'''Put it this way: I can wear three wigs at one time and three pairs of eyelashes. That's some strength there. And I roll my eyes extensively, so they get a good workout on a daily basis.''' ,'''Shockingly, I'm pretty normal.''' ,'''I'm not going to do an album. There's enough horrible drag queens singing - especially when they do that spoken word over music, 'I'm fierce! I'm fierce!'''' ,'''For me, call me what you want, as long as I'm working.''' ,'''Chris Rock, I think is pretty brilliant, and Amy Schumer's fabulous.''' ,'''The thing with the comedian is you can make all the jokes you want and not every joke it going to be a winner, and not every joke is going to land, there'll be some that somebody doesn't laugh at, but that's just part of the deal.''' ,'''There's always something that you go 'I should've done this better, I would've done that.'''' ,'''Amsterdam's my favourite place to visit.''' ,'''I always say New Orleans is my heart. It's where I'm from. I go back, and I have a huge fondness for it.''' ,'''Even if you take someone like RuPaul, no matter what she does, people are still going to find something they don't like about her. You just can't win.''' ,'''Well, I've realized I can function with no sleep!''' ,'''Well, I'm old enough to remember Carol Burnett, and I would love a variety show type of thing.''' ,'''Some drag queens want to get into drag and be sexy and date boys... that ain't me.''' ,'''It's very awkward to watch yourself on TV because I hate the sound of my voice. It's those moments where you're like, 'I do that?'''' ,'''You gotta have moisturizer cause I'm old. You gotta have that. You know for every glass of wine I drink I get drier and drier so I have to keep my self well moisturized.''' ,'''Everything is offensive, so I'm enjoying the fact that I'm anti-kind. You've got to go out and just speak your mind. It needs to be heard.''' ,'''If I'm going in to a competition, I'm going in to do the best I can do.''' ,'''There are friends of mine that I've known for years who didn't like my brand of humor, but once I was on 'Drag Race,' they loved it.''' ,'''I didn't plan to be a comedian. I didn't plan to be a drag queen. It just kind of evolved.''' ,'''Most humor comes from truth. In the end, if I can laugh about it, who cares?''' ,'''Everything is not a political statement. Everything is not about being an advocate. Sometimes it's just pure entertainment.''' ,'''I don't dream. I'm not a person who makes a list of things that need to happen in my life. It just evolves, and you roll with the punches.''' ,'''I am a walking joke.''' ,'''Outside of the gay world, I don't know how many people know me.''' ,'''We live in a country that elected Trump. Clearly you have a sense of humor.''' ,'''Maybe I'm just nostalgic for the old days when drag was fun, not personal.''' ,'''If you have a beard, I would suggest putting glitter on it, because it will make you look fancy.''' ,'''Oh I ain't going anywhere. You can't get rid of me.''' ,'''Everything that I was ridiculed for as a child - being too feminine or wearing a dress - has made my life fabulous now.''' ,'''Drag queens are not pathetic creatures. Drag queens are fabulous and fun.''' ,'''I never rule anything out, you never know what's to come.''' ,'''There's drag queens who lip sync brilliantly. There's drag queens who sing live brilliantly - none of those are me.''' ,'''I'll be the first to thank RuPaul, who gave me the money and let me out into the world. RuPaul is an excellent role model. I'm talking about someone who has worked hard in the business for quite some time. RuPaul put gay men in wigs into people's living rooms. RuPaul is the reason that we're not threatening.''' ,'''I'm fortunate that, in real life, I love what I do and get to celebrate it.''' ,'''Anything goes when I perform. That's the way it's been since I started. I do whatever I want, and I know my humor isn't for everybody.''' ,'''Anytime you give a man in a wig a microphone, anything can happen.''' ,'''I think every city and every drag queen has a different aesthetic or set up, but in the end, it's mutual respect for one another.''' ,'''I am a grown man who is an entertainer with a specific type of humour and if you don't like it, that's okay, I owe you nothing.''' ,'''Things in life just happen and then you make the best of the situation and you keep moving.''' ,'''When Logo offered me my own comedy special, I said, 'Let's make it a double.'''' ,'''I try to find humor in everything.''' ,'''I'm clown realness!''' ,'''I live in L.A. so I don't get to see much theatre anymore. They have a lot of touring shows but it's not like New York - I lived in New York for 15 years and you can walk out on the street and there's something to see.''' ,'''I don't like the Kardashians, but I still live a full life.''' ,'''You know you've come full circle when you're working with Charo.''' ,'''There's always something that I will always find to do, because I just enjoy working so much. There's always something on the horizon; it really comes down to scheduling and making it all happen.''' ,'''Back in the day, when a man in a wig had to 'lip sync for their life,' they relied on a wig reveal, rose petals or picking up their opponent and twirling them around.''' ,'''To get the opportunities I've gotten has been insane. But also interesting. With the Starbucks commercial, I found it fascinating that once it was on the Internet, tons of people, especially gay people, were like, 'Why did they choose drag queens to showcase our community?'''' ,'''I was always a creative child. I also liked to paint and draw. All those years of doing those types of things, I was grateful I had those experiences because it changed my life later on. I know they weren't acceptable for what society assumed a boy should do, but I think its just your passion, it's what you're drawn to.''' ,'''I think it's great that 'Drag Race' is mainstream.''' ,'''Well honestly, I do stay away from being political, especially about Trump. It's just one of those things.''' ,]
+++