+++
author = "Brendan Sexton Iii"
title = "Brendan Sexton Iii Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Brendan Sexton Iii Quotes"
keywords = "brendan sexton iii,brendan sexton iii quotes,brendan sexton iii quote,brendan sexton iii sayings,brendan sexton iii saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The film 'Black Hawk Down' paints the Somali people as wild savages.''' ,'''That film 'Memento' creeped me out. I was looking over my back through the whole thing. I get more creeped out than scared and spill popcorn all over the place.''' ,'''I love to laugh and dance. That's kind of my nature, though I end up always playing these angry, depressing characters.''' ,'''I'd like to widen my education. I'd definitely like to widen my film range. I mean, I'd love to do some theater.''' ,'''I've definitely met nightmare Hollywood types who think they're getting twenty million dollars a picture when they're not. But they act like it. And they just insult everybody.''' ,'''Jerry Bruckheimer has made millions of dollars producing propaganda.''' ,'''I do whatever I need to do to get into character. Sometimes it's being incredibly quiet, and sometimes it's being loose and goofy.''' ,'''I mean, I do whatever I need to do to get into character. Sometimes it's being incredibly quiet, and sometimes it's being loose and goofy.''' ,'''I'd definitely like to widen my film range. I mean, I'd love to do some theater.''' ,'''When I first read the script to 'Black Hawk Down,' I didn't think it was the greatest thing in the world - far from it. But I thought the script at least raised some very important questions that are missing from the final product.''' ,'''While they trace their history back to wars that helped to ethnically cleanse Native Americans and to their exploits in the Civil War fighting for the South, the modern-day Rangers were created to help rejuvenate a defeated and demoralized U.S. imperialism after the war in Vietnam.''' ,'''I think Ewen Bremner is incredible.''' ,'''Warlords, dictators and terrorists are normally okay with the U.S., as long as they do the bidding of U.S. corporate interests.''' ,]
+++