+++
author = "Jimmy Buffett"
title = "Jimmy Buffett Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Jimmy Buffett Quotes"
keywords = "jimmy buffett,jimmy buffett quotes,jimmy buffett quote,jimmy buffett sayings,jimmy buffett saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We are the people our parents warned us about.''' ,'''If life gives you limes, make margaritas.''' ,'''Searching is half the fun: life is much more manageable when thought of as a scavenger hunt as opposed to a surprise party.''' ,'''If it doesn't work out there will never be any doubt that the pleasure was worth all the pain.''' ,'''I just want to live happily ever after, every now and then.''' ,'''Older and wiser voices can help you find the right path, if you are only willing to listen.''' ,'''And I try to give the best bang for the buck. I love performing more than anything else.''' ,'''And you find as a writer there are certain spots on the planet where you write better than others, and I believe in that. And New Orleans is one of them.''' ,'''If we weren't all crazy, we'd just go insane.''' ,'''Wrinkles will only go where the smiles have been.''' ,'''I'm inspired by people who keep on rolling, no matter their age.''' ,'''Is it ignorance or apathy? Hey, I don't know and I don't care.''' ,'''The stores and the things like that, the business side of things came out at the point when, I'd say probably in the early '70s, it looked like the year of the singer-songwriter was over, 'cause music changed in our time and the spotlight was out.''' ,'''I always said that I wouldn't use a teleprompter, and if I start to sing real flat, I'll hang it up.''' ,'''Indecision may or may not be my problem.''' ,'''If I couldn't laugh I just would go insane, If we couldn't laugh we just would go insane, If we weren't all crazy we would go insane.''' ,'''And I wound up in New Orleans for all those years and it was a great place, really a catalyst creatively.''' ,'''You know, as a writer, I'm more of a listener than a writer, cuz if I hear something I will write it down.''' ,'''Moderation is the key so I work certain amount of time and then I take a certain amount of time off.''' ,'''My mother insisted that her children read.''' ,'''I'm a big follower and reactor to weather.''' ,'''There's something missing in the music industry today... and it's music. Songs you hear don't last, it's just product fed to you by the industry.''' ,'''Places I've lived since then had to have some kind of uniqueness and character about them. And logically Key West, and then Down Island. So, all of that stuff sort of had it's roots in New Orleans and went crazy.''' ,'''I sell escapism.''' ,'''Well, I'm still here. Didn't have to go to rehab, and I'm not broke.''' ,'''I can only say the first thing that pops into my mind is I remember, years ago, seeing kind of a has-been country singer working - when I first moved to Nashville - in a bar in a Holiday Inn.''' ,'''People who think too much before they act don't act too much.''' ,'''Humor has bailed me out of more tight situations than I can think of. If you go with your instincts and keep your humor, creativity follows. With luck, success comes, too.''' ,'''Elvis was the only man from Northeast Mississippi who could shake his hips and still be loved by rednecks, cops, and hippies.''' ,'''I hate to mention age, but I come from an era when we weren't consumed by technology and television.''' ,'''It takes no more time to see the good side of life than it takes to see the bad.''' ,'''These old ballparks are like cathedrals in America. We don't have big old Gothic cathedrals like they do in Europe. But we got baseball parks.''' ,'''To describe my scarce leisure time in today's terms, I always default to reading.''' ,'''Quitting doesn't enter my mind.''' ,'''I still consider it a summer job, though. So, I try to maintain that summer job as long as I can. But it's exciting to be able to have the opportunity to do things I always dreamed of as a kid.''' ,'''Phish and Dave Matthews really know their audiences and really treat them well.''' ,'''At 57, to have a No. 1 album, I wasn't expecting it.''' ,'''Instinct taught me 20 years ago to pace a song or a concert performance. That translates into pacing a story, pleasing a reading audience.''' ,'''It's been wonderful for me, and I feel so privileged to have fans that are that loyal.''' ,]
+++