+++
author = "Jesse Tyler Ferguson"
title = "Jesse Tyler Ferguson Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Jesse Tyler Ferguson Quotes"
keywords = "jesse tyler ferguson,jesse tyler ferguson quotes,jesse tyler ferguson quote,jesse tyler ferguson sayings,jesse tyler ferguson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think if I produced a show I would not want to be part of that production. That's not... I'm not... I mean, I couldn't even sell Boy Scout chocolate bars when I was a kid!''' ,'''If I had a reality show, it would probably be called 'Keeping Fit with Jesse Tyler Ferguson' because then I'd be forced to hit the gym every day.''' ,'''Me being a shy kid, very closed off, showing vulnerability in a character was sort of a safe space on stage. It's always been in my toolbox, there for me when I need it.''' ,'''My dad has always been very proud of me but I think I have exceeded his expectations. When I told him I wanted to be an actor and moved to New York City, I think he assumed I would be playing the guitar on the subway and collecting spare change in my guitar case. The fact that I'm not doing that means that I'm a huge success.''' ,'''Something I didn't even know was on my bucket list has been achieved. I have cooked Thanksgiving dinner with Martha Stewart. I vow to follow the gospel of her teachings and do my very best in the remarkably less glamorous kitchen of my own home... without the luxury of magically appearing prep bowls filled by a staff of sous chefs.''' ,'''I still feel like a novice when it comes to classical theater, but I don't ever want to become comfortable with anything. The greatest creativity comes from being nervous and uncomfortable.''' ,'''All my roots are Broadway. I got my Equity Card doing a Broadway show, and my first love is theater.''' ,'''I did my New York debut at 21. It was 'On the Town' at the George Gershwin Theatre. New York is my artistic home.''' ,'''I kind of cheer the presence of any gay characters at all - I think the more we can saturate television with any gay character or lesbian character or transgender character, I think that's a really great thing. We're kind of getting past the fact that they're the punchline or that they're the novelty.''' ,'''Well, certainly at the Golden Globes, during every commercial break everyone gets up and schmoozes with each other.''' ,'''I have lots of Scottish blood and know that my family name is Scottish. At my home in the States I have a tartan crest but, unfortunately, I do a terrible Scottish accent.''' ,'''Having red hair is never good when you're a kid. I was picked on a lot and didn't have a lot of friends. But I think that gave me a thick skin and helped make me a better person.''' ,'''I started taking my fiance, Justin, to some red carpet events I would go to, and a bowtie is often something that was required. We came across a lot of stylish bowties. We liked playing dress up for these events and we thought it would be fun to start a line, but it was never a reality until recently.''' ,'''The definition of marriage cannot be disputed. It's right there in black and white and it's been the same since the start of Wikipedia.''' ,'''I get great joy from creating the perfect Norman Rockwell holiday. This is why I think I might be Martha Stewart's brother from another mother.''' ,'''Growing up, I was a very shy kid but I felt that being on stage or playing another character would somehow open me up. And I think it did.''' ,'''I don't have that kind of voice, the big baritone or rousing tenor sound. My wheelhouse was in the frothier pieces. So my appreciation for those older musicals and revivals grew.''' ,'''I always bring my Jiffy Esteam steamer to get the wrinkles out of our clothes. It's powerful enough to press a suit.''' ,'''I don't like improv at all. It terrifies me. I like to know exactly what I'm going to say. Being surprised does make me a better actor. Anytime I'm afraid of something that makes me rise to the occasion, it scares me, but it's what makes great actors - being in the moment.''' ,'''I like suits. I mean, I always feel good in a suit; I'm more of a suit guy than a shirt-and-jeans-type guy, probably. You know, like, I love Brad Goresky's style. And sometimes he'll wear a pair of, like, leopard pants, and I'm like, I couldn't pull that off, but I appreciate it from afar.''' ,'''The people I idolized I saw once a year on the Tony Awards. I would buy the cassette tapes of the various Broadway shows and scour the photos inside the recording package. That's how I exposed myself to the arts - New York and professional theater felt like a very distant thing.''' ,'''I love TV now, and 'Modern Family,' but what draws me back to theater is that initial instinct of wanting to be a theater actor. I love the challenge of starting a play and not stopping until you finish. I love the immediacy of trusting your instincts.''' ,'''Chemistry is one of these crazy things you can't teach or learn or you can't fake. You go in hoping it will work, hope that you will connect with the other actors. I was fortunate on 'Modern Family' and 'The Procession.' They are great people, very easy to like.''' ,'''Well, my personal mission statement is that we want marriage equality in all 50 states. We want it not to be a state-by-state issue. We don't want it to be something the majority is voting on. I don't think the civil rights of any minority should be in the hands of any majority.''' ,'''I wanted to be an actor because I wanted to be onstage. I wanted to do musical theater, and from that I realized I was interested in plays. I never imagined myself on television. I was so lucky to be onstage my whole life.''' ,'''When you're on TV, you're looking at a half-page of material, trying to memorize it really quickly. By the time it's on TV, I've already forgotten what I said, but I can still recite my whole role from Shakespeare in the Park. It works a different set of muscles.''' ,'''As an actor, you just want to work, and then you just want to be on a show or have a job that you love, and you hope that job will last - those things have happened. To have that platform to then talk about something that is very personal to me like marriage equality, it feels like a gift. I try and really respect that voice and not abuse it.''' ,'''At my first Golden Globes, I met people I was very much enamored by: Julianne Moore, Meryl Streep, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. It was surreal to see them in person.''' ,]
+++