+++
author = "Megan Thee Stallion"
title = "Megan Thee Stallion Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Megan Thee Stallion Quotes"
keywords = "megan thee stallion,megan thee stallion quotes,megan thee stallion quote,megan thee stallion sayings,megan thee stallion saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was first coming out, I was definitely getting a lot of comparisons to Trina.''' ,'''I'm just a real person, not a caricature.''' ,'''These other cities, soon as I walk out, they going crazy like I'm a boy band. But Houston people are chill. We can see Beyonce and be like, Aight cool.''' ,'''Just to know that the people in my city are really rocking with me, I just love it.''' ,'''I don't really feel like I done made it all the way. I feel like, 'OK, we did this. Then we grinded enough to get to this point. Now we gotta grind enough to get bigger and bigger,' you know?''' ,'''I don't feel like I'm in competitive with anybody. If I'm worried about beating somebody else, I'm not going to be the best version of me. It shouldn't be a competition because somebody else winning is not going to make me lose.''' ,'''I love being a female rapper and embracing my sexuality.''' ,'''I feel like, when people realize that they are the only person they need to impress, everybody's life will be a lot smoother.''' ,'''My mom was a rapper and she really shaped me as a woman, and the music that she was letting me listen to as a child really pushed me in the direction that I'm going in right now.''' ,'''Tina Snow' was more turnt up than anything I ever dropped, it's my alter ego.''' ,'''My mom was a rapper. I would go to the studio with her, and that definitely showed me I can do this, I wanna do this.''' ,'''My mom was a big UGK fan.''' ,'''It's not just about being sexy, it's about being confident and me being confident in my sexuality.''' ,'''I'm so blessed, thank you Jesus!''' ,'''I just want to be like a good example to somebody in the future.''' ,'''I'ma just rap and do me.''' ,'''Being an XXL Freshman means that I actually grinded a lot to get here.''' ,'''I was an only child so, at home, I'm turnt up by myself, doing whatever I wanna do.''' ,'''You know how many men make music without biting each other's heads off? Why do we have to do that? There's room for everybody. I really couldn't care less what the next girl's doing. If she's shining, that's good. It's not taking away from my light.''' ,'''I'm not a character, so how I rap is just an everyday thing.''' ,'''I love Bulma from 'Dragon Ball Z.'''' ,'''My momma wasn't a weak person and she wasn't a complainer. So I don't wanna be like that.''' ,'''I feel like boys listen to my music. They just don't like to admit it, but I go hard. But yeah, I feel like I go really hard, so why not listen to me? Anybody could relate to my music, honestly.''' ,'''You find out about me because of my music, and that's how I want to keep it.''' ,'''I wanna work with my girl Maliibu Miitch. I love Maliibu. I definitely wanna work with Beyonce, Rihanna. I'm a huge fan of Rihanna and Beyonce, so that's like my dream collab.''' ,'''I really like Pam Grier's whole 'Coffy' aesthetic. It's just natural. It's not even anything that they were overdoing back then. I really like that natural beauty kind of thing. But at the same time, I really like thick, winged eyeliner.''' ,'''I've been writing since I was maybe seven.''' ,'''Confidence literally starts from yourself. You have to go look in the mirror at yourself. If you don't like what you see, you're going to give off that energy.''' ,'''A lot of people's favorite rappers will literally get in the booth and just make sounds.''' ,'''My favorite song used to be 'The Nasty Song' by this dude named Lil Ru. That was my jam!''' ,'''I feel like I have to put on for my city, because we have so many legends and so many greats.''' ,'''I'm a pretty open person, and very little can embarrass me.''' ,'''Being a rapper and still trying to pursue an education is really overwhelming sometimes.''' ,'''Me and Kehlani have music together, and I love her.''' ,'''Us boss chicks have to continue to stick together and change the game.''' ,'''We gotta break these double-standards and get women to loosen up a bit. We gotta show them that we can do what we want to do how we want to do it. If someone doesn't like it, they can get to stepping.''' ,'''My mom is a very strong woman, very tough lady.''' ,'''Since I was younger, I've always had the same body. Older guys would always be like, 'Oh you a stallion.' I finally had to ask, like, is that a good thing? Everybody pretty much took it and ran with it, and then I put it as my main name on Twitter. Ever since then everybody's just been calling me Stallion.''' ,'''I definitely have to pray and spend a lot of time by myself when I can.''' ,'''My music is me letting the world know how confident I am in myself, and me basically telling other women - and guys - how confident and how comfortable I believe they should be.''' ,'''I do not like disappointing people.''' ,'''I was kind of shy about telling people that I could rap for the longest.''' ,'''I knew I wanted to be a rapper when I was, like, 5.''' ,'''Everybody got their own swag.''' ,'''I definitely wanna open up some assisted-living facilities around my city.''' ,'''The main goal of my music is to make people feel strong and confident.''' ,'''I'm going to always have a home in Houston, I'm going to always come back.''' ,'''When I drop a freestyle, I'm like, 'This freestyle gotta go hard' or when I do something it's, 'How can we top this?'''' ,'''Once you really know yourself, can't nobody tell you nothing about you.''' ,'''What I say is how I feel.''' ,'''Before I do anything, I practice it for a while, and then when I know it's the bomb, then I'm gonna present it to everybody.''' ,'''There were so many different labels coming to me and they just didn't seem right, but 300... they wanted me bad. It felt like a family.''' ,'''That's what I feel like my music represents - having no limits or restrictions.''' ,'''Everything that's happened to me is happening very organically. It's nothing that we paying for, nothing that we asking for.''' ,'''I didn't tell anybody that I wanted to rap when I was in high school.''' ,'''A man could come in the room with his hair not cut, not done, pants around his ankles and people still gon' be like, 'Oh, that's his style. It's cool.' Being a woman, you have to be on your P's and Q's at all times, because not only do you have to keep up your appearance for men, but other women judge you so hard.''' ,'''Kids used to pick on me because I was quiet, I was an easy target. But I wasn't quiet because I was scared.''' ,'''I've been like this forever. I'm sweeter, probably, but me and my homegirls were a little buckwild, ya know? And it only got worse.''' ,'''I have over a hundred wigs, I like to change them damn near every hour.''' ,'''When you go to college you can just be whoever you wanna be. So I got there and I'm like, Yeah, I'ma rapper.''' ,'''We love Fenty.''' ,'''Houston is a place where you have to be the best. Everybody gotta be flashy, flashy. It's not like a gaudy thing, but people definitely put on their best dressed even if they go into Wal-Mart.''' ,'''How I am in the booth, how I am when I meet you, that's how I am in general.''' ,'''I definitely feel like people in the South are a little more raw. Our whole swag, the way we talk... When I go to the East Coast, people automatically know I'm not from there.''' ,'''Girls, we have to go 10 times harder than guys. We are still expected to give you the bars, give you the look, give you the routine. This is me - I wanna be a rapper, this is it.''' ,'''I was raised by a woman who was her true and authentic self. So I feel like it's very important to put on for people who aren't that confident or people who don't realize the value in self-love.''' ,'''I spent a lot of time drawing and writing little comic books, and my mom was a rapper, so I would steal her instrumentals.''' ,'''After 'Tina Snow' dropped, I had so many performances and so many appearances, and I'm in the studio all the time.''' ,'''I love seeing women do what they do.''' ,'''I like movies that make you semi fall in love with the villain so you have sympathy for him.''' ,'''Honestly, I'm not going to lie. I was a good kid.''' ,'''I don't feel like my sound is similar to any female artist that's out right now, so I definitely feel like we just need some Texas flavor.''' ,'''Sometimes, when you're doing too much, things get overwhelming. So I just have to calm myself down and think, 'What would my mama want me to do?'''' ,'''One of my eco-friendly hotties asked how I felt about climate change telling me that no one was listening to her, so I asked her, 'What can we do to help?!'''' ,'''Women make the world go round.''' ,'''I really like how the characters always has to go through some type of long journey that's like a crazy struggle. And these anime shows give women power. She's always the queen or somebody that you cannot beat - I love that.''' ,'''To be a Hottie you gotta have a lot of self-love, a lot of confidence, you gotta be able to put your foot down. Hotties are supposed to turn other people into Hotties too. If you see someone that's not quite confident, you gotta be the Hottie to gas up your friend.''' ,'''I hate that people have made the term SoundCloud rapper into a bad thing, because a lot of artists are underground and they don't have a way to put their music on. But to get that clout, to get that popularity, you might want to upload your music to SoundCloud - because how else is everybody going to hear it?''' ,'''I love beauty supply lip gloss. Any cheap, 99-cent lip gloss. I use it, it stays on all day. You can eat anything and it will still be on your lips. You can drink anything, it's still on there.''' ,'''The first time I ever put on a cowboy hat for a video a lot of people on my team was like, 'Are you sure? You know, we don't want people we think we country.' I'm like, 'It's cute! I don't care what people think.'''' ,'''Not every day is a good day for me.''' ,'''I don't hate anything about Texas. I love my state. I love my area. It's like home.''' ,'''I listen to a lot of Biggie, he's so lyrical.''' ,'''I'm not a fake person.''' ,'''Houston is just where the whole swag comes from, the culture. We have some of the most legendary groups and people coming out the city. I know I have big shoes to fill because these people are legends. I don't want to disappoint the city.''' ,'''I think I'm a superstar.''' ,'''Inuyasha' is one of my favorite animes.''' ,'''Men are objects to me.''' ,'''When I was little, I wanted to be a plastic surgeon.''' ,'''You don't have a lot of women doing things for women, so when I'm rapping I gotta talk all this mess so the women can feel as confident and empowered as the men.''' ,'''I have to just keep goin' hard, all the time.''' ,'''I don't feel like I sound like anybody from Houston. I don't really feel like I have that Houston flow, that Houston sound. I feel like it's a mixture of all the things I've listened to growing up, or even my mom, in a way. I feel like I have my own style.''' ,'''I want to show other girls how happy I am and how confident I am, how I still want to go to school and I still want to rap.''' ,'''I felt like my mixtapes were me flirting with my fans.''' ,'''I want to take my rapper money and start my own assisted living facilities in Houston because I see what it looks like when you got your grandparents take care of your great-grandparents.''' ,'''We gon' be a household name!''' ,'''If you've got love for me, then I'm gonna have love for you, period.''' ,'''I'm always trying to one-up myself.''' ,'''My mom is the first female rapper I've ever known. I'm thinking, like, Okay, yeah, this is normal. Everybody's doing this.''' ,]
+++