+++
author = "J. Jayalalithaa"
title = "J. Jayalalithaa Quotes"
quotes_len = "74"
description = "the best 74 J. Jayalalithaa Quotes"
keywords = "j. jayalalithaa,j. jayalalithaa quotes,j. jayalalithaa quote,j. jayalalithaa sayings,j. jayalalithaa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I recall with sorrow the demise of 233 party cadres who lost their lives after the special court delivered its verdict on my sentence.''' ,'''I would like to clarify that I am not on Twitter and as such the tweeting purportedly done in my name is by an imposter or impersonator.''' ,'''I am really a behind the scenes person.''' ,'''Politics can do without women. And they tried really hard to make it happen without women.''' ,'''DMK's arrogance of being in power at the Centre will be put an end to by AIADMK in the Lok Sabha polls.''' ,'''In all sectors, Tamil Nadu has outperformed Gujarat as the top state.''' ,'''I'm indebted to the people of Tamil Nadu.''' ,'''I am for people, and because of people.''' ,'''There is certainly no chance of joining the Congress.''' ,'''People voted because of the trust they had in me, but Rangasamy betrayed us.''' ,'''I look at everyone straight in the eye.''' ,'''Why should DMK align with Congress after blaming the Congress of taking revenge on it for the 2G scam, which caused the exchequer a loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore. Why should Congress take revenge? Does that mean the Congress did not get its due share from the DMK?''' ,'''I requested people to strengthen my hands with a view to ensuring justice for Tamil Nadu and its due rights.''' ,'''The Congress has made it clear that it has an alliance with the DMK, and it did face the elections with the DMK. And even after the results were known and they suffered a massive defeat, the Congress continues to say that they have an alliance with DMK, and it continues to be a part of the ruling coalition.''' ,'''I was brought up in a very traditional way by my grandparents in an orthodox Tamil-Brahmin family.''' ,'''I'm not irresponsible at all. That's totally removed from the truth.''' ,'''The DMK may give promises to gain power, but it will implement the promises only if Karunanidhi or his family gets benefitted.''' ,'''The Congress wants to ensure that it has the number to stay in power at the Centre.''' ,'''The DMK is interested only in the welfare of a single family.''' ,'''There is no city in the country with nil incidence of crime. We have to look into the crime rate in proportion to the population figures.''' ,'''After 1984, no ruling party in the State has won to form the government the second time.''' ,'''I thank God for the gift of people's love.''' ,'''When you are a leader you learn to control your emotions, you learn to keep them in control.''' ,'''Opposition parties which have no concern for the welfare of Tamil Nadu or its people have been carrying out a campaign of lies. Their only aim is to criticise AIADMK which has the people's support.''' ,'''Having the reins of governance, power and political influence within one family will shatter the idea of equal opportunity to all, which is the basic concept of democracy.''' ,'''There is no country in the world with nil crime.''' ,'''Boycott is a perfectly legitimate form of democratic protest.''' ,'''It is part and parcel of politics that you forget whatever has happened and move on to the future.''' ,'''My government had taken up infrastructure projects worth Rs 320 crore and drinking water and drainage schemes worth Rs 23 crore in the constituency.''' ,'''I think Aishwarya Rai would be very suitable to play me in my younger days.''' ,'''We all change with time. Unless there is a change, there will not be any growth. So an individual must grow with time.''' ,'''The DMK has been unable to defeat me.''' ,'''I am not in the habit of making ideal claims.''' ,'''AIADMK is committed to supporting an Indian for the Prime Minister's post.''' ,'''There are ups and downs in every political career.''' ,'''As far as I know, Kamala Haasan does not choose the prime minister of this country.''' ,'''What I am saying is that I have the numbers to replace the 18 DMK MPs. I mean what I say.''' ,'''Gujarat is engrossed in publicising itself whereas Tamil Nadu, under me, is not interested in just talking and advertising, and is instead focused on helping the people.''' ,'''Family rule is out and out against democracy.''' ,'''I don't think I ever went away. I have been very much here and the people of Tamil Nadu realise that the state can progress only if I'm there.''' ,'''Just two words are enough to drive away the DMK members from the House. They are running away at the mention of 'Katchatheevu' or 'prohibition.'''' ,'''I think we are destined to live with coalition governments in the future.''' ,'''The media picks on me because I don't have a family background like other female leaders of South Asia. Look at Indira Gandhi, Sirimavo Bandaranaike, Benazir Bhutto, Sheikh Hasina. They were all someone's daughter or wife. I have no such background.''' ,'''India is one among the biggest nations in the world with a mighty Armed Force. But, the tiny Sri Lanka is playing with the lives of Indian fishermen. This is happening only because the Central government is very weak.''' ,'''I remember having a great crush on Nari Contractor, the cricketer. I used to go to test matches just to watch him. I had another great crush on Shammi Kapoor.''' ,'''The media is biased against me because I'm a self-made woman.''' ,'''The secret of success lies in realising one's mistake, understanding where one went wrong and taking steps to rectify that mistake.''' ,'''I can't make any predictions, I'm not an astrologer.''' ,'''It is a shame and the moral bankruptcy of the Congress that its leaders, who were at the forefront of the freedom struggle and fought against foreigners, should think of having a foreigner as the Prime Minister.''' ,'''Not long ago, the popular perception of Chennai was of a coffee-loving conservative city.''' ,'''In 2006, the DMK gave television sets worth Rs 2,000, but collected Rs 3,000 for cable connection from each household. By this, the DMK leaders have earned Rs 25,000 crore of income.''' ,'''The Indian government is weak. The Prime Minister is weak and ineffective.''' ,'''The ubiquitous mouse has a special place in the Indian psyche. It is revered as the vehicle of Lord Ganesha, the remover of all obstacles.''' ,'''I intend to show my gratitude through actions after forming the government.''' ,'''Right from the beginning, it was clear that Karnataka chief minister S M Krishna had come with the intention of not giving more water to Tamil Nadu.''' ,'''I don't think any party is capable of getting a single majority on its own.''' ,'''There are no words to adequately express my gratitude to the people.''' ,'''If Sivaji Ganesan was Nadigar Thilagam, Manorama was Nadigai Thilagam.''' ,'''Tamil Nadu has emerged as second only to Maharashtra in having most number of industrial units, first in number of workers, third in exports.''' ,'''I request people of Tamil Nadu to vote for AIADMK in Thanjavur, Aravakurichi, Thiruparankundram and in Pondicherry. Though I'm unable do the campaigning in-person. My heart is there.''' ,'''I keep my emotions to myself. I have never lost my temper in public, I have never wept in public.''' ,'''I can give an undertaking that we will respect the constructive opinion of the opposition. We will look into their views, and how they reflect the people's views.''' ,'''Though MSV and Ramamurthi have been bestowed with many honours,it is sad that they were not considered for national honours like the Padma awards.''' ,'''Poor people have to pay high rents to marriage halls for conducting functions like wedding. Therefore, to benefit them, I have directed constructing 'Amma Marriage Halls.'''' ,'''Let me clarify to you, I am not team B for BJP. We are always team A, the winning team.''' ,'''My government is truly concerned with bringing prohibition.''' ,'''Due to enhanced freedom to police, the law and order situation in the state has improved.''' ,'''An illusion has been created that Gujarat is the top performing state in the country in all facets. But that is not true.''' ,'''When I started out, I was very shy, I was terrified of meeting strangers and I hated the lime-light.''' ,'''Nowadays most men I meet are terrified of me.''' ,'''I have taken a rebirth due to the prayers of the people and my party cadre.''' ,'''AIADMK bears Annadurai in its name and his image on its flag. We will extend full cooperation in upholding the principles of democracy following the footsteps of Annadurai and MGR.''' ,'''Tough action is being taken on criminals involved in robbery, kidnapping and other related crimes.''' ,'''Do not waste your vote by voting for other parties - they will not form the government - as it will only split the votes, but vote for AIADMK which is going to be part of the Central government.''' ,]
+++