+++
author = "Mikaela Hoover"
title = "Mikaela Hoover Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Mikaela Hoover Quotes"
keywords = "mikaela hoover,mikaela hoover quotes,mikaela hoover quote,mikaela hoover sayings,mikaela hoover saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I loved playing Jackie on 'Happy Endings.' It was really exciting to be in the pilot and then be able to come back. Her character was so much fun!''' ,'''My parents have truly gone above and beyond in not only supporting me but also encouraging me to follow my dreams. My dad's only wish was that I made sure to go to college for theatre and study my craft.''' ,'''I really don't like having to get dressed up.''' ,'''Spanish women are so sexy. The way they move and talk drives me crazy!''' ,'''A man should never pretend to be someone he's not to impress a woman. There is nothing sexier than an authentic man with integrity. Be who you are from the start. No games.''' ,'''I guess that, as a girl from Washington state, I am attracted to a little scruff and men who are able to roll out of bed, throw on a baseball cap, and call it a day.''' ,'''I can never remember a time when I didn't want to be an actress, to be honest. And so, all through high school, I knew that I was gonna go to college in Los Angeles. I just didn't know where. And I knew that I was gonna try to get my theater degree.''' ,'''I love meeting new people. I have been so lucky to meet some of my closest friends on set like James Gunn, Nathan Fillion, and Aly Michalka.''' ,'''I tried to double major in Psychology & Theater at Loyola Marymount but felt I needed to concentrate more on theater.''' ,'''I wish that there was a program in college that taught you what to do about getting head shots, how to get an agent, how to get a manager, how to - none of that was taught. It was all your craft, and I'm very appreciative that they taught the craft in theater, but film and television are completely different than theater.''' ,'''To me, nothing beats McDonalds and a scary movie at home.''' ,'''It's nice when you are with a guy who can find the humor in touch situations and be comfortable enough in his own skin that he can laugh at himself.''' ,'''As early as I can remember, I would put on plays with my cousin and make my dad record them. In kindergarten, I started doing the school plays, and it just continued.''' ,'''Working next to Glenn Close was unreal. I kept saying, 'I'm gonna pinch myself, this is a dream.' She's one of the most respected actresses in the world, and I respect her so much.''' ,'''I used to have the biggest crush on Jimmy Kimmel. I liked him when he was chubbier, though. I've never really been attracted to the 'classically' handsome guy. I've always liked men with a little meat on their bones.''' ,]
+++