+++
author = "Rachel Keller"
title = "Rachel Keller Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Rachel Keller Quotes"
keywords = "rachel keller,rachel keller quotes,rachel keller quote,rachel keller sayings,rachel keller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't think that when I'm acting I feel like I lose myself to it, but that sense of losing, that sense of discomfort, well, I guess maybe that comes a bit! It's about redefining what 'uncomfortable' means for you.''' ,'''It's like, you can know you want to live your life by being yourself, but how do you actually do that? That can be a whole lifelong journey.''' ,'''I was the 'no one understands me' teenager. But I think truly I've realized now that I didn't understand a thing myself. So I just had some livin' to do.''' ,'''When I look at my body, I'm like, 'I'm a lead of a TV show?' To have a man in the business say, 'Come along just as you are,' is really an incredible thing.''' ,'''I want to do good stories, and I want to work with really interesting people. And if it's Noah Hawley forever, that's also amazing.''' ,'''I was actually born in L.A. My sisters and I were playing in a parking lot, and my dad was like, 'Nah, nah, nah. Let's go give 'em some grass.'''' ,'''You can't play having a mental disability. You have to play whatever that person's truth is without any judgement.''' ,'''When I auditioned for 'Fargo,' there was something about it that I was hungry for because of how right it felt for me.''' ,'''When you're building a show from the ground up, there are no answers or wrong move, because there's no bible.''' ,'''I grew up with an abundance of things from our garden, so fried food was not enjoyable.''' ,'''I must've been a bird in some previous lifetime. I feel like I'm called to flying - the convenience and the beauty of it. That feeling of soaring would be empowering.''' ,'''I had a really lovely childhood, but I wasn't the easiest kid to live with.''' ,'''My parents were really loving, open people to be around. I don't remember them ever telling me this profession is difficult. There was never, 'Uhhh, what else are you interested in?' They were just, 'Great. Done. Go for it.'''' ,'''I'm from Minnesota. I like to be barefoot, running through the woods.''' ,'''I think acting, for me, is about play. It's about time, and it's about feeling, like there's a story to tell and I can tell it through my body and my voice.''' ,'''Young girls in particular aren't given a space to be messy and complicated and express themselves and experiment - they're told to be a little quieter and a little less than.''' ,'''When I'm auditioning for something, if it's not me, I really hope the part doesn't go to me. You know what I mean? I don't want to be at the wrong place at the wrong time. If it's me, wonderful. If it's not me, there's space for all of us.''' ,'''I want tragic and poetic forever! That's how I want to live every day.''' ,]
+++