+++
author = "Peggy Lipton"
title = "Peggy Lipton Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Peggy Lipton Quotes"
keywords = "peggy lipton,peggy lipton quotes,peggy lipton quote,peggy lipton sayings,peggy lipton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know I wanted to be with somebody and have children. My heart comes before my work.''' ,'''I love pool because it's a game of strategy, a game of the eye, and your whole universe is like this. I really want to become a pool shark.''' ,'''I didn't stutter when I was reading lines in a script. When I got away from myself, I didn't have that problem.''' ,'''My daughters made me stop wearing sweats to run errands.''' ,'''I've been in some terrible movies.''' ,'''Beauty at any age really does come from within.''' ,'''I never saw myself as trend-setting.''' ,'''Fame really drove me into my house. I was very paranoid. I didn't like going out. I had no idea how to be comfortable with the press. I was very young. It was really hard for me.''' ,'''I feel more content with what I wear. I always feel confident. I shop for my age and my body.''' ,'''My heart goes out to Lindsay Lohan.''' ,'''I live in Juicy Couture sweats and a pair of Uggs.''' ,'''No one knows me with dark hair.''' ,'''I feel the same magic about 'Angel Falls' that I did with 'Twin Peaks' and 'Mod Squad.'''' ,'''I was trying to heal wounds all the time, whether it meant having affairs or having attitude. I didn't want to show how sad I was.''' ,'''In acting class, I used to hide in the corner and pray the teacher wouldn't call on me.''' ,'''I was very guarded.''' ,'''My love affairs were more often about the fantasy than the actual person I was involved with.''' ,'''I never had confidence - never. The hardest thing to know is your own worth, and it took me years and years to find out what mine is.''' ,'''I didn't come from a background where I was hurt, but I felt hurt inside.''' ,'''I was very insecure about my looks.''' ,'''I advise my daughters to moisturize, moisturize, moisturize, but worrying too much about the way you look will age you.''' ,'''I hated Long Island, and I had to get out.''' ,'''I used to worry I'd make a fool of myself, but I don't care what anyone thinks of me anymore.''' ,'''If you look at the old 'Mod Squad's, there was a lot of space in between our dialogue.''' ,'''I didn't know how to smile for the paparazzi.''' ,'''I'm kind of kooky, but do I look like a religious nut?''' ,'''Sometimes I would make myself very still and try to imagine myself dead. I tried to invoke the feeling of the very last breath I would take.''' ,'''I had become so insulated in my world as a mother that I didn't know how to pick up the phone and call anybody to put myself out there. I don't live my life anymore that way.''' ,'''Despite 'Mod Squad's hit status, I never really made the inner connection that I was contributing.''' ,'''I want to do 'The Graduate!' When Lorraine Bracco's finished, I'm up for it.''' ,'''I had a wall around me and a lot of fantasy locked inside.''' ,'''I ran into Neal Patrick Harris recently. We were in something called The Purple People Eater. He was maybe 10, but he still remembered it as the worst experience of his life!''' ,]
+++