+++
author = "Usain Bolt"
title = "Usain Bolt Quotes"
quotes_len = "74"
description = "the best 74 Usain Bolt Quotes"
keywords = "usain bolt,usain bolt quotes,usain bolt quote,usain bolt sayings,usain bolt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My hunger is always there.''' ,'''I definitely know I'm going to be working a lot more with my foundation when it comes to developing the kids in Jamaica.''' ,'''For me, I'm focused on what I want to do. I know what I need to do to be a champion, so I'm working on it.''' ,'''As long as I'm in great shape, nobody beats me, for sure.''' ,'''If you're the Olympic champion then they have to wait four more years to get you again.''' ,'''I'd like to say to all my fans out there, thanks for the support. And to all my doubters, thank you very much because you guys have also pushed me.''' ,'''I like music a lot.''' ,'''Sometimes you lose sight of what's going on around you.''' ,'''Repeating is harder than anything else.''' ,'''When people come to a race, part of it is the anticipation: 'What is he going to do?'''' ,'''I really don't have a favorite meal. I eat anything.''' ,'''My name is Bolt, Lightning Bolt.''' ,'''Every season, for me, it's like starting from scratch again.''' ,'''People always say I'm a legend, but I'm not. Not until I've defended my Olympic titles. That's when I've decided I'll be a legend.''' ,'''When people see your personality come out, they feel so good, like they actually know who you are.''' ,'''I don't think about records.''' ,'''I really want to try soccer after I retire because I've watched football over the years and I think I could be a good contender.''' ,'''My coach is pushing me harder than ever to make sure I stay at a good level.''' ,'''I don't think limits.''' ,'''There are better starters than me but I'm a strong finisher.''' ,'''It's always a wake-up call to get beaten.''' ,'''Track and field was very big when I was growing up.''' ,'''A lot of legends, a lot of people, have come before me. But this is my time.''' ,'''Where I'm from, there is no violence, pretty much.''' ,'''People like to see showdowns.''' ,'''I don't like losing anyways.''' ,'''I know what to do and I go and execute.''' ,'''I can't watch a Mayweather fight. I don't find it exciting.''' ,'''I have matured a lot.''' ,'''I think they have not learned over the years that the more you talk, the more I will want to beat you.''' ,'''I've learned over the years that if you start thinking about the race, it stresses you out a little bit. I just try to relax and think about video games, what I'm gonna do after the race, what I'm gonna do just to chill. Stuff like that to relax a little before the race.''' ,'''You have good days and bad days.''' ,'''Once a year I will clean my room, just because I feel I should.''' ,'''You do not want to get married at 22! Especially if you're famous, because girls are going to be throwing themselves at you.''' ,'''If Queen Elizabeth knighthooded me and I would get the title Sir Usain Bolt. That sounds very nice.''' ,'''It's a great feat for me to have broken my world record.''' ,'''The 100m is never stressful.''' ,'''You can get beat any day.''' ,'''I was playing cricket first and my cricket coach was the one that introduced me to track and field.''' ,'''I can't really live outside Jamaica. I can be away, but only for a while.''' ,'''Yeah, I am lazy. There's no doubt about that.''' ,'''I've tried my hardest to bribe my chef, but my team have been clever and hired someone who not only is not bribeable but who chases me round the house and makes sure I eat what he's cooked, and he lays out my vitamin pills and supplements in front of me so I can't 'forget' to take them.''' ,'''I don't put myself under pressure.''' ,'''In track years... track is not like other sports. You do have track athletes that stay in this sport until, like, 35, 36, but I think when you get to 28, it's really difficult.''' ,'''I don't know the history of my sport. I'm not like those people who know everything.''' ,'''I remember once, actually the first race I ran, I fell.''' ,'''All I have to do is to work on transition and technique.''' ,'''When I was younger, I always wanted to impress, to be good for my country, to make them feel good, and sometimes that meant I didn't focus on myself enough. I learned I had to put myself first. And it's fine because I want for me the same thing that they want for me, which is to win.''' ,'''But if I keep my core and back strong, the scoliosis doesn't really bother me.''' ,'''I don't read a lot of books.''' ,'''But anybody who steps into the lane beside you is the biggest competition because they made it to the finals.''' ,'''I work hard, and I do good, and I'm going to enjoy myself. I'm not going to let you restrict me.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I'm a phenomenon, just a great athlete.''' ,'''If I get to be a legend, I've achieved my goal.''' ,'''I like to have fun, just stay relaxed.''' ,'''I would rather be lying in a bed than changing one.''' ,'''My brother is really, really slow.''' ,'''I try to lead by example.''' ,'''I will run against anybody.''' ,'''There are things that bother me. I try not to let them, but they do.''' ,'''I think my acceleration is very good. That's the key for me.''' ,'''If you think about racing too much you may just lose it a little bit.''' ,'''My coach keeps telling me to say I'm not going to retire. I should just go through the motions and see what I feel every year and see if I really want to do it, but personally, I want to do it, but my coach says just take your time, don't rush.''' ,'''My relationship with everyone in Jamaica is good.''' ,'''I just love dancing.''' ,'''The three-peat has never been attempted, ever, and for me, I think it will add to my legendary status. I want to become one of the greatest athletes ever to have competed in any sport, so for me, that's what it means.''' ,'''I don't even like to go out onto the streets sometimes because I can't get anything done. People want pictures and autographs all the time.''' ,'''I have dedicated my life to the 200m, I really love the 200m a lot.''' ,'''I've worked hard over the years, I've been injured and I've worked hard through it, and I've made it.''' ,'''For some reason, when I get to the 200m, I'm always a little bit nervous.''' ,'''I know what I can do so it doesn't bother me what other people think or their opinion on the situation.''' ,'''My coach told me if I broke the national record for the 200, I could run a 100.''' ,'''Manners is the key thing. Say, for instance, when you're growing up, you're walking down the street, you've got to tell everybody good morning. Everybody. You can't pass one person.''' ,'''Come on... when you're running, if you see you're going to win, you're going to celebrate.''' ,]
+++