+++
author = "P. J. Tucker"
title = "P. J. Tucker Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 P. J. Tucker Quotes"
keywords = "p. j. tucker,p. j. tucker quotes,p. j. tucker quote,p. j. tucker sayings,p. j. tucker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's hilarious; every time I get to a new city, I'll have a thousand DMs about where to get pancakes.''' ,'''Buy and wear what you love, man.''' ,'''Figure out your niche and maximize it.''' ,'''Every day, every game, I leave it all out there.''' ,'''Everyday I have to get dressed. I can't just throw on something and walk out and say, 'I'm not going to see anybody today.' I see me.''' ,'''I think the way you dress should be fun. Wearing stuff that people don't normally wear or wouldn't particularly think is their style, I love that. I think that's fun and I think everybody should do it.''' ,'''I like to hoop but I don't want to be remembered for one thing, like 'oh he just plays basketball.'''' ,'''From the beginning of time, all I've ever done is hoop, and this culture of sneakers has always been a part of it.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm short. But I'm strong and I can move my feet. And I can stay in front of anybody.''' ,'''At the end of the day, that's all that matters. Winning a championship. Everything else is failure.''' ,'''If you leave home and, at least some of the time, someone doesn't tell you that they don't like your outfit, you're not doing it right. You're not trying. You're not taking enough risks. You know, somebody should tell you they don't really like you're outfit. I enjoy when people say that, actually.''' ,'''That Stash Kobe 1, that is probably my number 1 shoe I have ever worn on the court. To wear it against Kobe in his last game against the Suns it was real fun, and for him to say something to me about them it is crazy. He is signed them up for me and personalized it. It was pretty dope.''' ,'''Cuttino Mobbley always had on suits every single game. I've never seen Cuttino without a suit. He used to always have on suits.''' ,'''I know a lot of people do charity work, but I always say find something that you are interested in to be able to give back.''' ,'''Nobody wants to be somewhere that doesn't want them.''' ,'''I really like a lot of Tom Ford. His leather sneakers are my most worn shoes.''' ,'''During the season, I'm sore everywhere.''' ,'''My shoes are an expression of me, how I'm feeling.''' ,'''James Harden is one of the best offensive players in the game.''' ,'''I look up on Yelp and look at what the best breakfast places are, specifically who has the best pancakes in every city.''' ,'''I like shoes that are definitive, and they know exactly what they are.''' ,'''I don't know anybody that buys more shoes on eBay than me. I like eBay because I can always find rare gems in my size. I always have upwards of 40 sneakers in my cart at any given time.''' ,'''I'm just being P.J., that's the number one thing, I'm just being me. Like I'm not portraying something or acting or putting on something that I wouldn't put on every day in my life or doing anything that I wouldn't already be doing.''' ,'''I used to literally spend every dime I had on clothes, shoes and getting fresh.''' ,'''I like to get into people and make people uncomfortable. That's how I play and what I do.''' ,'''Nothin' will ever jump over the Jumpman... Yeezys aren't even basketball shoes. You can play in 'em, but they're not basketball shoes.''' ,'''There was nothing worse you could be than a tweener. There was nothing worse you could be, and there were so many good guys that were so good that were tweeners, and they couldn't make it... And when you got that label, it was going to stick. It's like getting branded.''' ,'''My style is part of my lifestyle and part of my preparation to get ready to play in the game. It's my preparation for life, I should say.''' ,'''I'm looking to win, man. That's it.''' ,'''I got tired all of the stories about, 'He is a tweener. He doesn't have a position.' I knew I could play. I played hard. I played both ends of the court. I know what I could do.''' ,'''No one wants to be patient. No one wants to wait for anything. They want it right now - that instant gratification.''' ,'''I could never just throw on a sweatsuit and go to a game. No.''' ,'''My shoes are an expression of me, how I'm feeling. Some nights I might wear some crazy stuff. Some nights I might be more regular.''' ,'''When I went to play in Europe in 2007, I really got into high fashion.''' ,'''Me getting cut from Toronto that first year, definitely helped with the ego. It was deflating. Some people either quit or some people get hungry.''' ,'''When I came out of school, being a 'tweener' and not having a natural position was my biggest knock.''' ,'''There's nobody I can't guard. There's nothing. There's no ceiling.''' ,'''I always believe in myself, nobody else believed in me.''' ,'''Being the main guy for three or four years, I understood what it took to be the leader.''' ,'''I'm going to fight every play.''' ,'''The goal is to be in a place where you're wanted. You want to be with who wants you. I think that's what every player wants.''' ,'''Like some people just really think this is all you do, is play basketball. It's like, 'no actually there's other stuff I like doing, there's other stuff I love doing.'''' ,'''That has always been my initiative, to do my own thing and take things that don't really go together and put them together. Wear a tuxedo jacket with some track pants, whatever I feel like, whatever I think is dope.''' ,'''I like to try different restaurants in every city.''' ,'''Guys in this league, it depends on the stage you're at in your career, where you've played, situations you've been in - that kind of molds your idea of how you want to play, and where you want to be in this league.''' ,'''That whole era of Chris Webber with Nike was, to me, the golden era. Everybody was getting their own signature shoe.''' ,'''It's basketball, man. It's being smart, using your size as an advantage. I can get into people. I can get into your stomach, so you can't back me down. I can stay in front of you, I can move my feet, I can be aggressive. People don't understand that it can be a disadvantage being tall, too.''' ,'''I really don't know how much I spend on clothes. In a year? That's just too tough to put a number on.''' ,'''I've bought more shoes during the coronavirus than I ever have. Probably in my entire life.''' ,'''Everybody in fashion knows of those must-have pieces where you're just like: 'I've got to have it.'''' ,'''I don't like shopping for specific things; I shop pieces. I look at it like, 'I love this, so I'll buy it and I put it in my closet, and it disappears until I need it.'''' ,'''Playing on different teams, playing all the different places I've played, the consistent thing is I'm always vocal and working hard.''' ,'''Pancakes are always good.''' ,'''The Yeezy 2 actually were not that bad to play in. They've got good grip; the lace locks are good. I love playing in the Yeezy 2, I'm not even going to lie.''' ,'''It's about me doing me, about me being organic. I can't wear things and put on a front and say I like something when I don't. I won't wear something I wouldn't normally wear just for people to like it or for people to look at me like this or that in fashion.''' ,'''It's easy to say, and a lot of people pay lip service, saying, 'I want to win.' But, well, everybody wants to win. What are you willing to sacrifice to be able to win? Are you going to sacrifice money? Are you going to sacrifice playing time? You gotta sacrifice something.''' ,'''Aside from the states, Israel's my favorite country. I love it there. I still go there to visit.''' ,'''It doesn't matter how tall you are if you have heart and you're a competitor.''' ,'''I'm from Raleigh, N.C. It's my home, the most beautiful place ever - but it has some racist history.''' ,'''It's never like I go sneaker shopping just to get shoes for a hoop game.''' ,'''I look at myself as someone who's really true to the sneaker culture.''' ,'''As someone who has carved out a career in this league by making winning plays, being tough on defense and just generally doing the dirty work for my team, I always hesitate to say any player is unguardable. I just hate that term.''' ,'''Some people - which I don't understand - kind of get mad like I'm disrespecting shoes. I'm like, 'They are sneakers, they are meant to be worn, meant to be played in.' And I hate when people use them as trophies. They are sneakers. It's one of my pet peeves. I got pairs if I don't want to wear, I will get a couple pairs of them.''' ,'''People think I play hard. It's just me wanting to be in the NBA and trying to prove every game that I should be here.''' ,'''Seeing European guys wear suits was incredible. And it wasn't all like the big fashion house expensive suits, it was like simple stuff but the way the older men dressed in Europe just absolutely amazed me. In Italy, in France the way the older men dressed was incredible.''' ,'''I am the finesse king, especially when it comes to shoes.''' ,'''I don't want my own shoe. That is something I have never wanted. If anybody is pitching that, I would say no. I feel like that is the only thing that limits me, being a signature athlete, because you have to wear your signature shoe all of the time. I don't want no parts of that.''' ,'''I got shoes literally all over my house.''' ,'''There's nothing, nobody can pay me enough money and nobody can do enough for me to wear something I don't want.''' ,'''Every game, somebody is asking me where I got my shoes.''' ,'''The shoe culture in Houston is cool. There's a lot of sneakerheads and a lot of people that love shoes here - a lot more than I thought.''' ,'''You can be in the league and still feel like you're not in the league. That was the point I was at when I left Toronto.''' ,'''I just do me, honestly, I do me. It don't matter if the cameras are there or not, I'd be doing the same thing.''' ,'''I've been the same size since I was 12. They thought I was going to be 7 feet tall. I never grew another inch.''' ,'''You come from the college, you're the man. I was second-team All-American. I got drafted by Toronto, but they just took me because I was the best man on the board. They didn't need me. I didn't get a whole lot of help or guidance. I wasn't playing. I couldn't get reps in practice. And it's big-boy basketball. Grown men.''' ,'''I could wear Jordan 1's every day with anything. So many different flavors.''' ,'''I'm a competitor. I want the ball when it matters. But I came to Houston because I wanted to play with Chris Paul (a guy I've been close with since we were kids) and James Harden.''' ,'''I've always stood for my people, with my people, but some guys just don't have voices like that. I don't like the pressure some people put on others. Some people are just not built for it. Some guys just play basketball, they don't talk, they don't post. Everybody in the '60s wasn't in the civil rights movement.''' ,'''Everybody makes a big deal about small ball. Well, I've guarded Anthony Davis every time I've played him, since he first came into the league.''' ,'''I was a forward, a center my whole life.''' ,'''My first pair of shoes my mom bought me. I was born in 1985 and my mom is the biggest North Carolina/Michael Jordan fan there is, so when those first Jordan's came out those were my first shoes ever. I don't remember but I guess it started from there.''' ,'''I wanted to have a chance to win a championship.''' ,'''I am a dope dude.''' ,'''I don't buy or wear nothing I don't like.''' ,'''I gotta be who I am now. How do you not, right?''' ,'''There are a number of ways to define most valuable player. For me, it's the guy who means the most to his team.''' ,'''I feel like I can adapt to any defense.''' ,'''Some nights I might wear some crazy stuff. Some nights I might be more regular. I'll wear shoes that no one knows and is a sleeper, but it might be something that I really love.''' ,'''I've always felt like I was a guy that understood my role. I thrive because I love it.''' ,'''When I was in Phoenix, people started noticing and looking every day to see what I was wearing, but it never really affected me. When you do this every day, it's just something you do. Even in Europe I was getting dressed up for every single game. Nobody may be watching but it's just me. It's how I live and it's how I move.''' ,'''I consider myself a pancake connoisseur, because of all the pancakes I've eaten around the world. I've been everywhere in Europe, I've eaten everywhere.''' ,'''I really dig Tom Ford. It fits big dudes, but it's the cleanest, most elegant-looking clothing ever.''' ,'''I really love shoes that can go with a lot of different things and mix up a little bit.''' ,'''I love Tom Ford loafers.''' ,'''My love for fashion has been natural, it's been organic and I want to keep it that way.''' ,'''The Kaws IV is terrible. That's a bad hoop shoe. That suede rubs against your feet. I had to triple my socks. The leather on the inside is a no-go.''' ,'''I hate when people talk about certain guys and say they can't work together.''' ,'''People get so scared to try things.''' ,'''My body of work speaks for itself. I don't need anybody in the media to tell me I'm a good defensive player.''' ,'''I just love shoes, man.''' ,]
+++