+++
author = "Elena Anaya"
title = "Elena Anaya Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Elena Anaya Quotes"
keywords = "elena anaya,elena anaya quotes,elena anaya quote,elena anaya sayings,elena anaya saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There is something about this generation living now, that we don't accept death.''' ,'''I'm not 20 anymore, and I feel it.''' ,'''No one told me about boys. I had to figure it out myself. The first thing I learned was that sometimes they grow slower than women mentally.''' ,'''If you have what you want to say inside, and if you are crying for something that is true inside, it doesn't matter. The camera always sees it.''' ,'''I love to fly. I always wanted to fly. It's been one of my dreams since I was 3 years old. I remember saying to my mom, 3 years old, every day, 'I can fly!' Living on the ninth floor, it was dangerous.''' ,'''I can hypnotize rabbits.''' ,'''I never go to a gym unless I have to for a role, a contract. I try to take care of myself as a human being, not because I have to be in front of the camera.''' ,'''I think I am incredibly generous with how much I give to my projects, but that's my generosity with the job.''' ,'''Always, your work is the same: You have to tell a story, you have to make a character. It doesn't matter if there are thousands of dollars, millions behind it, or if there is nothing.''' ,'''I always choose my projects for the script or what the director want to tell with that story. And if I like the story.''' ,'''Surgery is a complicated thing to talk about, but I guess it could also be a dangerous thing to play with if you're not very secure about what you're doing.''' ,'''I'm 36 years old, and I'm growing up. Little by little.''' ,'''I hope to grow up and see myself accepting myself and accepting time going by and everything falls.''' ,'''I hope to be 70 and sitting at the table with journalists, talking about my films.''' ,'''I am not generous about telling people who I am and what I like to do because it's my life and it only belongs to me and my friends and family.''' ,]
+++