+++
author = "Rip Torn"
title = "Rip Torn Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Rip Torn Quotes"
keywords = "rip torn,rip torn quotes,rip torn quote,rip torn sayings,rip torn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've never hit anybody who hasn't clocked me two or three times.''' ,'''I used to be friends with Miles Davis. He didn't like many folks. I lived across the street from him.''' ,'''Be your own politics, grow your own garden, and maybe you can help out more.''' ,'''There's always some kind of blacklist throughout history. But the difference is, in America they usually let you live.''' ,'''Anything new is always considered the devil's tool.''' ,'''When I grew up, people said, 'You'll never be the man your dad was.' And I said, 'Gee, I hope not.'''' ,'''Never think you're better than anyone else, but don't let anyone treat you like you're worse than they are.''' ,'''Let the other guys do the crybaby stuff. Go for the laughs.''' ,'''I honor religion except when it gets into shedding blood.''' ,'''I think most actors are shy. I really do. The greatest actors can disappear. I had friends call me the Blend-In Man.''' ,'''If you're lucky enough to have a pretty girl love you and share herself and sleep with you, make that your secret. The best way to spoil love is by talking to too many people about it.''' ,'''If I could just get a piece of lemon, it'd be great.''' ,'''I've got two old Volvos, two old Subarus, and an old Ford Ranger. If you've got an old car, you've gotta have at least several old cars, 'cause one's always gonna be in the garage.''' ,'''Don't ever humiliate a man. If you're gonna have to dress him out, you take him aside and do it that way. That's the one thing I don't like about Hollywood: They go in for public humiliation. You shouldn't do that to a man.''' ,'''You can never turn your back on the ocean.''' ,'''Everybody says, 'You impress me as a guy who never wanted to be a movie star.' I say, 'Everybody in the world wants to be a movie star.'''' ,]
+++