+++
author = "Glenn Frey"
title = "Glenn Frey Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Glenn Frey Quotes"
keywords = "glenn frey,glenn frey quotes,glenn frey quote,glenn frey sayings,glenn frey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Somebody asked my friend Bob Seger, Why do you think the Eagles broke up? He said, Hotel California.''' ,'''I'm just as insufferable and useless as every other dad is. The dynamic never changes, no matter what you do for a living.''' ,'''That's what I miss out of all this synthesized music - it starts to lose dynamics.''' ,'''I won't apologize for ticket prices. I think we're well worth it. We consider ourselves in the elite touring acts, like the Stones, Elton John, Paul McCartney.''' ,'''There are only those certain people where things click - at least for me.''' ,'''Hey, I didn't make a big deal out of Hotel California. The 18 million people that bought it did.''' ,'''I'm just a bleeping maniac in straight clothing. There's no reason to dress my monster up.''' ,'''I read the Life magazine articles about free love and free dope in California. At age 20 I drove to Los Angeles.''' ,'''It seems when I put together records, as Henley used to say, they're just like movies. They should have action, tension, love scenes, places to relax.''' ,'''The last two years with the Eagles were pretty intense times. There was a lot of drinking and we were all getting high a lot. My parents were relieved when I got off the Eagles treadmill.''' ,'''My songs grow on people - like warts.''' ,'''I think musicians and artists are the most philanthropic people I know. Their charity record of the music business would hold up to the work of anybody.''' ,'''Some people, they just don't get a joke.''' ,'''If you get a chance to be in a film, that's great. One of my goals is to make a record as good as Don Henley's album, Building the Perfect Beast.''' ,'''I've read somewhere that when you're writing, you should stop while you're doing well so you always want to go back to work.''' ,'''Without a reunion, the Eagles are forever young, like James Dean.''' ,'''If the Eagles were to get back together, it would have to be for the right reasons. I think it would look awful if it were just for the money.''' ,'''Nobody told Don Henley or me that we were going to make it as solo artists, but I can speak for Don when I say that we are both really happy now that the band is not together.''' ,'''I think it would be nice to sell 15 million albums as a solo artist. I'd have to deal with all the repercussions of that, but that wouldn't be too bad.''' ,'''Hey, a woman changed her mind - what else is new?''' ,'''It was 1967, and the hippie thing was happening. I got into experimenting with drugs while I was in college in Michigan.''' ,'''Except for a few guitar chords, everything I've learned in my life that is of any value I've learned from women.''' ,]
+++