+++
author = "Beyonce Knowles"
title = "Beyonce Knowles Quotes"
quotes_len = "61"
description = "the best 61 Beyonce Knowles Quotes"
keywords = "beyonce knowles,beyonce knowles quotes,beyonce knowles quote,beyonce knowles sayings,beyonce knowles saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My fans kept asking where they could get clothes like Destiny's Child's, so it was only natural for us to do a clothing line.''' ,'''To be able to travel the world, especially to places I never thought I'd be... it's really, you know, still fascinating for me.''' ,'''I get nervous when I don't get nervous. If I'm nervous I know I'm going to have a good show.''' ,'''I wanted to be famous for my music and my talent, and I always wished I could cut it out when I left the stage.''' ,'''I hold a lot of things in. I'm always making sure everybody is okay. I usually don't rage; I usually don't curse. So for me, it's a great thing to be able to scream and say whatever I want.''' ,'''We all have special numbers in our lives, and 4 is that for me. It's the day I was born. My mother's birthday, and a lot of my friends' birthdays, are on the fourth; April 4 is my wedding date.''' ,'''I like to walk around with bare feet and I don't like to comb my hair.''' ,'''I'm a human being and I fall in love and sometimes I don't have control of every situation.''' ,'''There's my personal life, my sensitive side, and then me as a performer, sexy and energised and fun.''' ,'''If everything was perfect, you would never learn and you would never grow.''' ,'''We're African-American and we work together as a family, so people assume we're like the Jacksons. But I didn't have parents using me to get out of a bad situation.''' ,'''I love a pair of sexy heels with jeans, a nice jacket, or a little dress.''' ,'''I feel like you get more bees with honey. But that doesn't mean I don't get frustrated in my life. My way of dealing with frustration is to shut down and to think and speak logically.''' ,'''One of the reasons I connect to the Super Bowl is that I approach my shows like an athlete.''' ,'''When you love and accept yourself, when you know who really cares about you, and when you learn from your mistakes, then you stop caring about what people who don't know you think.''' ,'''Any other woman who has to go to work and pick up the kids and make dinner - that's way harder than what I have to do.''' ,'''I know I'm stronger in the songs than I really am. Sometimes I need to hear it myself. We all need to hear those empowering songs to remind us.''' ,'''Diana Ross is a big inspiration to all of us. We all grew up watching everything about her - her mike placement, her grace, her style and her class.''' ,'''Playing Etta James in the movie 'Cadillac Records' really changed me. It was a darker character, and I realized that if anything is too comfortable, I want to run from it. It's no fun being safe.''' ,'''I remember being in Japan when Destiny's Child put out 'Independent Women,' and women there were saying how proud they were to have their own jobs, their own independent thinking, their own goals. It made me feel so good, and I realized that one of my responsibilities was to inspire women in a deeper way.''' ,'''I discovered after going to music festivals that I am a rock fan. I love the guitars, the phrasing, and the abandon of rock fans.''' ,'''If I weren't performing, I'd be a beauty editor or a therapist. I love creativity, but I also love to help others. My mother was a hairstylist, and they listen to everyone's problems - like a beauty therapist!''' ,'''I mean, I feel like you get more bees with honey. But that doesn't mean I don't get frustrated in my life.''' ,'''Tina Turner is someone that I admire, because she made her strength feminine and sexy.''' ,'''I'm a people pleaser. I hold a lot of things in. I'm always making sure everybody is okay. I usually don't rage; I usually don't curse.''' ,'''I always treat myself to one meal on Sundays when I can have whatever I want. Usually it's pizza, which is my favorite indulgence.''' ,'''My focus is my art, and that's what I love to do. I have to be really passionate in order to do something. I've turned down many things that I just didn't believe in.''' ,'''When you really don't like a guy, they're all over you, and as soon as you act like you like them, they're no longer interested.''' ,'''The great thing about McDonald's is that they have a lot of different things on the menu. I love their salads.''' ,'''When I was writing the Destiny's Child songs, it was a big thing to be that young and taking control. And the label at the time didn't know that we were going to be that successful, so they gave us all control. And I got used to it.''' ,'''Power means happiness; power means hard work and sacrifice.''' ,'''I don't really like to call myself a brand, and I don't like to think of myself as a brand. I'm a singer, a songwriter, a musician and a performer. And an actress, and all the other things that I do. When you add it all together, some might call it a brand, but that's not my focus.''' ,'''I've worn dresses from all different price ranges, and the thing that couture dresses have in common is that the fit is amazing.''' ,'''Whenever I'm confused about something, I ask God to reveal the answers to my questions, and he does.''' ,'''I just hope people don't get sick of us. I'm sick of us and I'm in Destiny's Child.''' ,'''I grew up in a very nice house in Houston, went to private school all my life and I've never even been to the 'hood. Not that there's anything wrong with the 'hood.''' ,'''I always have breakfast, say, scrambled egg whites, a vegetable smoothie, or whole-grain cereal with low-fat milk. For lunch and dinner, I eat a lot of fish and vegetables. And throughout the day, I try to stay hydrated.''' ,'''You know what, I'm very attracted to someone who makes me laugh and is that charming. Really, I could be charmed by anyone. I'm just a sucker for somebody that is charming.''' ,'''My fans kept asking where they could get clothes like 'Destiny's Child's', so it was only natural for us to do a clothing line. I was adamant about not putting my name on something that I didn't love.''' ,'''I can never be safe; I always try and go against the grain. As soon as I accomplish one thing, I just set a higher goal. That's how I've gotten to where I am.''' ,'''Who I am on stage is very, very different to who I am in real life.''' ,'''I think it's healthy for a person to be nervous. It means you care - that you work hard and want to give a great performance. You just have to channel that nervous energy into the show.''' ,'''I'm over being a pop star. I don't wanna be a hot girl. I wanna be iconic. And I feel like I've accomplished a lot. I feel like I'm highly respected, which is more important than any award or any amount of records. And I feel like there comes a point when being a pop star is not enough.''' ,'''I am really proud that I am one of the artists that has the opportunity to be on magazine covers and to be in the movies.''' ,'''I just try to write songs that people are going to have a dialogue about.''' ,'''My style offstage is so different from onstage. I love a pair of sexy heels with jeans, a nice jacket, or a little dress.''' ,'''I grew up upper-class. Private school. My dad had a Jaguar. We're African-American, and we work together as a family, so people assume we're like the Jacksons. But I didn't have parents using me to get out of a bad situation.''' ,'''For me, it's about the way I carry myself and the way I treat other people. My relationship and how I feel about God and what He does for me, is something deeply personal. It's where I came from, my family, I was brought up in a religious household and that's very important to me.''' ,'''When you're a pop star, it's a little conservative; you always have to stay in a box. You have fans that are five and fans that are 65; there are so many people wanting so many things.''' ,'''The more successful I become, the more I need a man.''' ,'''I truly believe that women should be financially independent from their men. And let's face it, money gives men the power to run the show. It gives men the power to define value. They define what's sexy. And men define what's feminine. It's ridiculous.''' ,'''Tina Turner is someone that I admire, because she made her strength feminine and sexy. Marilyn Monroe, because she was a curvy woman. I'm drawn to things that have the same kind of silhouettes as what she wore because our bodies are similar.''' ,'''I think music is something that can, and should, be used to get you into different things because eventually what goes up must come down - we're not going to be the number one group in the world forever - so you have to have something else to fall back on.''' ,'''If he invited you out, he's got to pay.''' ,'''Y'all are so cute and y'all talk so proper over here. I love England.''' ,'''There are a lot of things I never did, because I believe in watching those true Hollywood stories and I see how easy it is to lose track of your life.''' ,'''I love my job, but it's more than that: I need it.''' ,'''I always try to be myself. Ever since I was an introverted kid, I'd get on stage and be able to break out of my shell.''' ,'''In my videos, I always want to be a powerful woman. That's my mission.''' ,'''I wanted to sell a million records, and I sold a million records. I wanted to go platinum; I went platinum. I've been working nonstop since I was 15. I don't even know how to chill out.''' ,'''We all have our imperfections. But I'm human, and you know, it's important to concentrate on other qualities besides outer beauty.''' ,]
+++