+++
author = "Jon Voight"
title = "Jon Voight Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Jon Voight Quotes"
keywords = "jon voight,jon voight quotes,jon voight quote,jon voight sayings,jon voight saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's grown into a personal relationship, yeah. I'm crazy about Jerry. I think he's a unique character.''' ,'''I just think that I'm a person who's trying to find the truth and express it as I, you know, get the opportunity.''' ,'''Sometimes a little heartbreak is a lesson, and the best thing to do is just learn the lesson.''' ,'''Some people think we're adrift without any guidelines. I don't. I think we've had instruction on how to live.''' ,'''I was a guy who needed to go to class, because I had some raw talent that I thought was identifiable, when I finally made a decision to be an actor. And yet I wanted to learn how to really do the stuff. You know, 'How do I get to be a serious actor?'''' ,'''This lie of political correctness is bringing this country down. You just want to break through it all.''' ,'''This is a perilous time, and more than ever, the world needs a united and strong America. If, God forbid, we live to see Mr. Obama president, we will live through a socialist era that America has not seen before, and our country will be weakened in every way.''' ,'''Doesn't make a difference who you're auditioning for; whatever it is, you have an audience, and you have a role, and you have the opportunity to perform that role the best you can for this audience. If you look at it like that, it doesn't make a difference if you get the part or not.''' ,''''Climb Every Mountain' is a beautiful statement of philosophy. Critics may think 'The Sound of Music' is saccharine, but I think it's profound. The message, that we can't accommodate evil, is just as important today.''' ,'''You can get digital technology that almost is film quality, and go make little films and do everything you can to find a little understanding of your own voice and it will grow - Don't take no for an answer - Take every opportunity you can to do something.''' ,'''I was caught up in the hysteria during the Vietnam era, which was brought about through Marxist propaganda underlying the so-called peace movement.''' ,'''There's the young Jon Voight and the old Jon Voight.''' ,'''I was raised Catholic... I fell in love with certain ideals.''' ,'''Everyone's unique; no one's ever alike. But my son has the same good cheer as my father. He's capable of making a room happy with a few words.''' ,'''If you're not for Trump, then you're not for me.''' ,'''I'd say that all nations have contact with the truth, and all religions have admirable people.''' ,'''I pray all Americans who have seen and felt the meltdown of America with the Obama years, to please fight for Donald Trump. He will not let us down.''' ,'''You start where you can get an opportunity, you take everything that you can do to gain entrance. You do the little work and you try to find people who can teach you.''' ,'''Obama is a very good actor. He knows how to play it. And he is very adept at creating this 'Obama' - this character who is there whenever the world needs something.''' ,'''People know who I am. I have less ability to be intimidated, in a sense, than others coming up.''' ,'''I have a perfectionist mentality; I want things to be right. But I've had a little duel over the years with that mentality. Because it can inhibit you.''' ,'''I play a detective, very close to myself actually.''' ,'''If I do a scene with an actor who doesn't have much experience, I say, 'I tell you what we're going to do: You just listen to me, and then you respond. We don't have to do any acting.' And that's good advice because you shouldn't see the acting.''' ,'''Angelina is my daughter and I am always wishing her the best.''' ,'''There's a real question at stake now. Is President Obama creating a civil war in our own country?''' ,'''There's something real in women's intuition. It's an accurate signpost for decision making, but it usually bumps up against man's logic. So we have to put ego aside and listen to them.''' ,'''When I'm near a native community, I visit it. If I hear there's a spiritual person in the neighborhood, I'll seek them out.''' ,'''My heart aches watching Donald Trump... pouring his heart out... How can anyone doubt his sincerity?''' ,'''I had a job once selling encyclopedias, and that was an interesting job because I learned a lot about people's vulnerabilities and how salesmen take advantage of them.''' ,'''I've had a great love for Al Pacino's work since I first saw him on the stage doing 'The Indian Wants the Bronx' in the early '70s. His work is remarkable. He's the real thing.''' ,'''One thing that's great about seeing your kids is you see things that you admired in your parents.''' ,'''Do not let the Obama administration fool you with all their cunning Alinsky methods. And if you don't know what that method is, I implore you to get the book 'Rules for Radicals,' by Saul Alinsky. Mr. Obama is very well trained in these methods.''' ,'''I've been very fortunate - You only can do what you're offered, you know?''' ,'''The people who voted for President Obama are just beginning to wake up to exactly what they brought in. The 'change' they envisioned is not the 'change' they have gotten.''' ,'''The real truth is that the Obama administration is professional at bullying, as we have witnessed with ACORN at work during the presidential campaign. It seems to me they are sending down their bullies to create fist fights among average American citizens who don't want a government-run health care plan forced upon them.''' ,'''The idea of right and wrong, being righteous, acknowledging when you make a mistake, repentance - all these important things I got from my Catholic background.''' ,'''I think the word 'progressive' is a very devious term. It was created as a substitute for 'communist.' What they propose is the reverse of progress.''' ,'''Democracy is an extraordinary adventure. It's difficult, full of daring and risk and danger. But it's the greatest gift we have.''' ,'''If Washington is a two-party town, why can't Hollywood be one too?''' ,'''It seems to me that if Mr. Obama wins the presidential election, then Messrs. Farrakhan, Wright, Ayers and Pfleger will gain power for their need to demoralize this country and help create a socialist America.''' ,]
+++