+++
author = "Jenna Marbles"
title = "Jenna Marbles Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Jenna Marbles Quotes"
keywords = "jenna marbles,jenna marbles quotes,jenna marbles quote,jenna marbles sayings,jenna marbles saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have had a lot of cool offers to move into traditional media, but I'm not completely sold I have to do that.''' ,'''Sometimes I like to think it would be nice if you just had a character, and your personal life was your personal life. My life is definitely out there, you know?''' ,'''I came out of my shell in college.''' ,'''There is no cure for ugly, but you can make yourself into a human optical illusion.''' ,'''There's a big difference between me and other YouTubers - a lot of them have big, concrete plans. I'm still this weird chicken with my head cut off. I don't know what I want to do next and haven't known that since I started.''' ,'''I can pretty much justify anything as work if I'm reading the news or whatever.''' ,'''I like to dress up.''' ,'''If you were born really ugly like me, have no fear. There's steps you can take to be good-looking. Kind of.''' ,'''The days I'm not doing videos, I always have random stuff. We do production meeting stuff. Those are so stupid. Everyone's like, 'We like you; we don't know what to do with you.' I'm like, 'Cool.'''' ,'''I'm not an actor.''' ,'''What I get to do is have fun in my house, by myself, and put it on the Internet.''' ,'''I make more money than I need, ever.''' ,]
+++