+++
author = "Julian Nagelsmann"
title = "Julian Nagelsmann Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Julian Nagelsmann Quotes"
keywords = "julian nagelsmann,julian nagelsmann quotes,julian nagelsmann quote,julian nagelsmann sayings,julian nagelsmann saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Coaching is more enjoyable than playing.''' ,'''From the outside, you often only see the person who posts pictures of his yacht. But what Sami Khedira told me about Ronaldo's professional approach to work, for example, is impressive. He has to be an incredible training animal, the first to come, the last to leave. He is also a very warm guy. That mix is extremely exciting.''' ,'''For me, Mourinho is an extreme coach with focus on results who is not very concerned with glamour on the pitch. He puts the result above everything and if you get so many titles doing that, it is certainly not a wrong way.''' ,'''When I became a coach, I began to admire Pep Guardiola.''' ,'''I lived in Munich for many years.''' ,'''It's a question of five or 10 metres whether it's a 4-4-2 or a 4-3-2-1; you only see teams adhering to that at kick-off and perhaps eight times during the game.''' ,'''I don't think much of automatisms, because they assume that a situation is always the same, otherwise the process no longer works. But that doesn't fit the reality with 22 players on the pitch. If the opponent is only half a metre to the left, the player suddenly doesn't know what he has to do.''' ,'''The big Premier League clubs will only call me if I win a title in Germany.''' ,'''Who shaped me the most was Thomas Tuchel. For the simple reason that he was my own trainer and the exchange was so much more intense. I can rate how he really thinks.''' ,'''I do not think about formations too often. It is the easiest thing to recognize and to see on the pitch, but when the game starts is when things start to get weird.''' ,'''As a manager you have to look forward.''' ,'''There is a group dynamic and a team behaves in principle like a team of horses: there are always leaders.''' ,'''I always involve my players in the decision-making; that's very important to me.''' ,'''My biggest dream is to win the Champions League.''' ,'''I was at Hoffenheim under contract, there was a clause - I could only leave in 2019. When that clause took effect, there was no position free in Dortmund.''' ,'''Always be an entertainer. I have rules in offence but it's all about players finding the right spaces and solutions in the right moments.''' ,'''It's always fascinating to watch Pep Guardiola teams.''' ,'''I have never made a secret of the fact I am excited about the coaching position at Bayern Munich and that I would be happy to take on this job if this unique opportunity should arise.''' ,'''I personally experienced which exercises Tuchel did in training - that shaped me.''' ,'''It is always key for the manager to look at the character of a player. It is important... that you have a good social feeling with the players and a good connection.''' ,'''Jurgen Klopp has the gift of developing clubs and improving people.''' ,'''I work like a baker. I mix things, put them in the oven and see if I like what comes out.''' ,'''I am one who coaches very aggressively and screams loudly so that my players can hear me.''' ,'''For me, being a top coach means more than just teaching football. That includes empathy, it means that you can speak to a group, that you can deal with the media - you have to be able to do all of that. I would not describe myself as blind in this regard, but a top coach also includes titles.''' ,'''In football we shouldn't take ourselves too seriously.''' ,'''Bayern has always played a prominent role in my dreams.''' ,'''I have a lot of interests outside of football like motorcross, skiing and enjoying experiences with my family.''' ,'''You always defend your own team.''' ,'''Counter-pressing is a very important topic. Putting pressure onto opponents almost every single minute so we can win the ball... but that is only one thing; we need to find a good balance between ball possession and attacking moments.''' ,'''We don't have the same philosophy, but I don't think it's the worst thing in the world to have a nickname associated with Jose Mourinho.''' ,'''You just have to turn on the news on the TV in the evening to realise straight away how unimportant you are as a Bundesliga coach.''' ,'''I am very, very happy in my life but Bayern Munich would make me a little bit happier.''' ,'''It is important to have face-to-face meetings, so when the players have things on their mind we talk. It is important to have a good relationship with your players. If they like you and love you - and the other way around - you will be successful.''' ,'''I would call myself a good manager.''' ,'''The Premier League is a very interesting league and I can imagine it could be a big aim to be a big manager in the Premier League one day like Jurgen Klopp who is very successful.''' ,'''You can only be successful if you have fun and don't get too stressed.''' ,'''Every player is motivated by different things and needs to be addressed accordingly.''' ,'''Everyone wants the biggest car, the biggest bank account, the biggest house. I don't want any part of that.''' ,'''You have to play injury time like the 90 minutes.''' ,'''We have to entertain the supporters. It's not only about defending and 'don't concede.' Perhaps most managers focus on defence.''' ,'''The players notice that you love football. You still like to have a ball at your feet in training. Do you come to work with a joie de vivre? I can't give off the impression that I am under brutal pressure or fear that something could go wrong.''' ,'''I think it's important to be completely transparent with the players.''' ,'''Diego Simeone has done a great job with a lot of success.''' ,'''When I get a new player, we do tests about his character and personality because it is very important to find out about the things he loves to do on and off the pitch.''' ,'''I've said many times: Barcelona is a beautiful city, a beautiful club.''' ,'''I do not prefer a formation because it is only numbers.''' ,'''I wear what I like.''' ,'''Tuchel saved me. I was sick of football. I had sacrificed my whole youth for football and then, bang, overnight, it was all over. I didn't want anything to do with football. But when he asked me to become opposition scout it was a win-win situation for everyone.''' ,'''It's important as a manager that you feel a club believes in you and your methods. Oliver Mintzlaff and Ralf Rangnick showed me this.''' ,'''I know it's very tough in England. I've been reading the interviews of Klopp and Guardiola about the intense fixture schedule and the demands on players and staff.''' ,'''I watched a lot of games in the Theatre of Dreams and of Manchester United on television.''' ,'''Football is actually pretty limited and there are only really four phases: When you have the ball yourself, when the opponent has the ball and when you win the ball or lose the ball. That is football, really, there isn't more to it.''' ,'''When you educate and develop your players, it is important they recognise you are sometimes crazy and a child and want to play football. Even though I am a manager, there will always be a good relationship with them. They know I am not only the guy who tells them ideas but that I can also be a crazy child as well - and that is important.''' ,'''I don't have to be world coach of the year at some point, but I would like to be named one of the best coaches one day.''' ,'''When the lads see that the coach loves football and believes in what he says - he'd really prefer to be playing with the team - that creates a sense of enthusiasm among the players and trust in the coach. They notice that you're one of them.''' ,'''I had very good talks with Leipzig. I felt that the club really wanted me.''' ,'''My hobbies are linked to the way I want to play soccer. I want to do different action things, like kite surfing, snowboarding, mountain biking, freeriding with skis. I like these sports in my free time and it could be a big link with how I want to play soccer.''' ,'''Thirty per cent of coaching is tactics, 70% social competence.''' ,'''I come from Landsberg am Lech, not so far from Munich.''' ,'''I'm not very fond of the first official act with a player being to immediately discuss his contractual situation.''' ,'''It can be very emotional to develop young guys and put them in the right direction. I love it. I love it when they are players for the youth team and then for the first time in their lives they play in a professional game.''' ,'''As a player you just go and train - but as a coach or a trainer you think what you can do to improve the team, or specific parts of the game. You will do that on the field and after the training: you say that was the right or the wrong way.''' ,'''Mourinho and I have similarities in our careers. We didn't play professionally but our way of playing is not the same.''' ,'''In the end my playing career would not have been as big as my career as a manager. I was a talented guy but I couldn't imagine I would win a title as a player.''' ,'''Although I'm the one who decides at the end of the day, I don't just want the players to walk behind me like soldiers. They should have their own opinions and come forward with ideas.''' ,'''Pep and Jurgen tell me that the Premier League is crazy, a hard one.''' ,'''It's cool to be a manager in my own country. I love it.''' ,'''It's normal if Real Madrid call you, you think about it.''' ,'''I like to communicate, I'm very expressive with my players.''' ,'''My philosophy is to attack the opponents near their own goal because your own way to the goal is not as along, if you get the ball higher up.''' ,'''The big problem in our society is the obsession with maximisation.''' ,'''I like to be the normal Julian Nagelsmann. Doesn't matter if I'm the manager of RB Leipzig or the manager of a youth team. I hope that if you ask anybody of my team in my former days or now they say 'yes, he is still the same guy.'''' ,'''I have always pointed out in many interviews that it is my dream to manage a world-class club and win trophies. Bayern are among these top clubs, but there's also a few more.''' ,'''If you go to Real Madrid or Barcelona, the fans, the media and the decision-makers don't give you the time to grow into that.''' ,'''All the fans who see me ride through the city are laughing. They can't believe the manager of Leipzig is skateboarding! They like it. They never say, 'He's crazy.' They recognise that you are living a normal life.''' ,'''When Pep played this incredibly attractive and multifaceted football in Barcelona, a lot was written and said about Barca's playing with the ball. But the real madness was counter-pressing. Most opponents never had the ball for longer than five seconds before they got smashed by this machine.''' ,'''The main thing is to make the right steps, not the biggest steps.''' ,'''The top teams in particular always have opponents who are highly motivated. If they drop a couple of percentage points, perhaps sub-consciously, then it's enough for the other team to capitalize.''' ,'''I watch a lot of Liverpool and Manchester City.''' ,'''The Bundesliga is about results but I love to get those results with a certain style.''' ,'''If you want to get to the top shelf, you have to win something.''' ,'''I could imagine staying as a manager in the Bundesliga for my whole career.''' ,'''I think the playbook in American football would be a very good idea for soccer.''' ,'''I think I've developed my own style, we play the football I like and that I want to play.''' ,'''It's extremely important to convey joy and have enthusiasm and positivity as a coach.''' ,'''The feeling of pleasure and enjoyment from what we do is extremely important. It creates trust and respect when you walk into the dressing room or onto the pitch.''' ,'''Winning is what matters and winning is entertaining.''' ,'''There's pressure and it's nerve-wracking, particularly in the Champions League. So you need to be able to free yourself to a certain extent and have fun in what you are doing.''' ,'''At every level I was promoted faster than I ever thought.''' ,'''If you go to Real Madrid, there's no time to improve as a manager. You don't have a chance to be a better manager, you already have to be the best.''' ,'''I think the Spanish way is the philosophy is similar to mines and in Spain they are very good at coaching young players for the team.''' ,'''As as a coach you shouldn't take yourself too seriously and never forget that the main protagonists are the players. Your own influence is sometimes less than one believes or hopes for.''' ,'''I often deliberately overwhelm my players. If I give them 10 things a day and they learn four of them, I'm happier than if I stick to the learning theory where the goal is a maximum of five things per day and then they only remember two.''' ,'''I want to win every game - soccer, tennis, it doesn't matter. When I play I am very loud. I am very emotional.''' ,'''During the first season of European football at Hoffenheim after we lost the Champions League knockout game to Liverpool, I changed a lot of players between Bundesliga matches and the Europa League for fresh legs. I learnt that we needed more stability. You need to keep five or six of the same places to give you structure, to be your spine.''' ,'''I'm a football coach, not a model.''' ,'''When I analyse an opponent I do not look at the results. I try to find out how they score goals, concede, build up play, counter attack, counter-press, other things. So the result doesn't count for much.''' ,'''I never want to change my offensive and attacking football because I love it and I love it when the fans have an emotional time in the stadium. So I will not change this. But if there is a time when I cannot win like this, then I will have to change.''' ,'''I watched not only English football but also Serie A, Primera Divison. I wanted to become a professional so it was important to watch games and look at what the best players in Europe do.''' ,'''In the stadium, when it is very noisy, you only have a limited influence as a coach. You need players on the field who understand the plan and who will talk to the guys when things are not going well.''' ,]
+++