+++
author = "Pedro Capo"
title = "Pedro Capo Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Pedro Capo Quotes"
keywords = "pedro capo,pedro capo quotes,pedro capo quote,pedro capo sayings,pedro capo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We should be in constant evolution and adapt to the new without ever losing our essence or our integrity.''' ,'''I've always loved challenges.''' ,'''Medalla is Puerto Rico's national treasure, as I call it. It's a Puerto Rican national beer - a great light beer for a beach day.''' ,'''As a pop artist by definition, you have to learn to adapt.''' ,'''Coming from Puerto Rico and having that be my musical universe for the majority of my life no doubt strongly impacts my music.''' ,'''As a Puerto Rican, I'm always going be grateful to Jose Andres.''' ,'''This song 'Calma' has been a blessing, an unexpected one. When I wrote the song, I wasn't looking for a single, I never thought I was gonna have a world hit in my hands. I was connecting with my childhood.''' ,'''Music is something that is born in the soul.''' ,'''My father was a musician, a songwriter and he played at bars and restaurants and my mom was a secretary for an insurance company.''' ,'''At some point of my life I've always fantasized that I'd be a boxing champion of the 160-pound division. Or a chef, I love cooking.''' ,'''I used really into inline skating when it was the craze in the nineties and I got a really bad scar to prove it.''' ,'''Culturally, musically, historically Cuba and Puerto Rico are like two wings of one bird.''' ,'''Music changes constantly, especially when you're a 'pop' artist. What's mainstream or pop always has new influences, new sounds, and I love that challenge of keeping up with it, which is important as a pop artist.''' ,'''I'm a fan of small venues that showcase emerging talent in the most organic way.''' ,'''I saw my father writing songs and he would include me in the process when I was little so that kind of sparked my interest for the vocation.''' ,'''To be honest, I don't try to speak and target who my 'audience' is. I just do my thing.''' ,'''I remember the ballads of the eighties when my mom was cleaning, sometimes I'd listen to, like, Amanda Miguel or something like that and I'll smell the Fabulous.''' ,'''Pop is fusing more with the urban; urban is becoming the new pop. The two worlds are colliding and kind of merging.''' ,'''I come from a very musical family, and a songwriter, a musician, is a byproduct of the influences of his life, whether cultural, artistically, or emotionally.''' ,'''Growing up Latino is having a grandmother dancing when she's cooking. It's music all over the place. It's endless Christmases. It's, ah, twenty thousand cousins. It's yummy food.''' ,'''Hearing that Alicia Keys liked the song, and wanted to join us on 'Calma' is an honor and blessing that really transcends what I can put into words. She's one of the most talented artists in the world, and someoneI've respected her for a long time.''' ,'''The most important thing is loving what you do, this is the craft of the heart.''' ,]
+++