+++
author = "Lisa Stansfield"
title = "Lisa Stansfield Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Lisa Stansfield Quotes"
keywords = "lisa stansfield,lisa stansfield quotes,lisa stansfield quote,lisa stansfield sayings,lisa stansfield saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Having money hasn't made me any happier. There are some negatives associated with it too, like having to be away from home when you don't want to be.''' ,'''It's quite amazing how obsessed everyone is by 'Strictly Come Dancing.' I don't watch it so I don't know anything about it.''' ,'''I'm like two different people. The way I sing comes from the music I listened to when I was younger, from black American R&B singers. My speaking voice is something else. It's what my mum and dad taught me.''' ,'''People say to me about my music 'it got me through college, it saved my marriage, it helped me to come out.' It's wonderful to be part of someone's life in a big way.'''' ,'''It's like, if someone asks me to do something and it seems like a really exciting project, but I maybe really frightened about it, nine times out of then I'll say yes imminently because then I can worry after I've said yes!''' ,'''She used to drive me to clubs for engagements and when I was 16 I got a job presenting a TV show in Newcastle. My mum didn't really like driving, but she carried on. Once I remember we got stuck in a snow storm, but she carried on to get me there in time. She was an amazing, incredible person.''' ,'''I feel so comfortable and at home in the studio.''' ,'''I gave up everything and nearly became a farmer, walking around in headscarf and wellies for 10 years to find my confidence again.''' ,'''You can't have artistic freedom if you have to think about seven different aspects of your own job all the time. It must be very, very exhausting.''' ,'''There are lots of artists I respect and admire.''' ,'''Probably because the first two albums were so successful, we got a little bit smug.''' ,'''Honestly, I think if you don't have happiness and you don't have love in your life you can have all the money and all the symbols in the world and it won't make any difference.''' ,'''I'd like to have more tolerance.''' ,'''I don't want to do something just to be on TV. If I did I might as well just go on and put a meat pie on my head! If I go on TV I want to be doing something I want to do.''' ,'''That was one thing about my life and everything I've done really, it's like I've been on a diving board scared out of my life and someone just keeps pushing me!''' ,'''You have to say no to a lot of people and when a lot of people are telling you what you're doing is a bit rubbish you just have to have the courage to say 'no it isn't' and believe in it.''' ,'''I think women were just accepted more as songwriters when they sat on a stool with a guitar and had scruffy hair. It was quite insulting really, because it was like saying that if you're pretty and slim and glamorous there's no way anything could be going on between your ears, you just like doing your makeup.''' ,'''Some women can go 12 cycles of IVF and not have a problem. They love babies. They want to have a baby - it's all encompassing. I did it just three times and then I was out. I realised that I didn't want a child.''' ,'''People come up to me and sing, 'Been around the world and I-I-I-I... ' all the time.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a loose cannon, but it keeps everyone on their toes!''' ,'''My mum used to listen to Motown. Diana Ross was my first singing teacher, really. I'd just sing along all the time.''' ,'''One of the only things I've regretted was saying yes to a TV special, 'Motown Mania,' and I said I'll sing you a Diana Ross song. It was just naff.''' ,'''I suppose you have to be careful what you sing, because you might have to do it.''' ,'''Working class people vote Tory because they think it makes them look a bit posh.''' ,'''Fame made me insecure and insular. I wanted to run away from being me.''' ,'''If there's one thing I wish I'd done differently it would be to have invested money in property.''' ,'''You never know what to expect in life, so just roll with the punches and make the most of it. Because you've only got one life and you may as well have a really lovely time. And try not to hurt anybody on the way.''' ,'''I did work incredibly hard but I think there's a certain element of luck.''' ,'''If you are a soul singer, you are a soul singer. If you are a heavy metal singer, then you are a heavy metal singer. What's color got to do with it? I don't go around thinking, 'I sing soul music and I'm white.' I just sing the way I feel.''' ,'''Deeper' feels like we did when we made the first few albums. It's got that excitement. It felt like a voyage of discovery.''' ,'''I absolutely loved it in Ireland.''' ,'''There was a period in music that didn't suit what I did. I didn't fit in.''' ,'''The first writers I knew about were Motown's Holland-Dozier-Holland.''' ,'''The Manchester music scene was very male dominated.''' ,'''People thought I disappeared, but I never went away. Music has always been a priority.''' ,'''To me to singing is like a freedom. It's a very therapeutic thing. It's incredible. I can just lose myself. It's sort of like meditation.''' ,'''My life isn't very racy or exciting so I make things up, tell stories. I like telling stories.''' ,'''You know, Rochdale is a really nice place, but it's not the most interesting place on the planet.''' ,'''We never want to toe the line.''' ,'''I always remember when I first started out and first became a little bit famous, I went to a celebrity party. For me it was really intimidating.''' ,'''A really happy kid. I would go off on my own a lot and live in my imagination. When I got my school report back it always said, 'Lisa should try a little harder because she always seems to be in a different world from everyone else.'''' ,'''I do really good banana bread. And I make a chocolate cake with fudge icing that's bloody delicious.''' ,'''I didn't want to be famous, I just wanted to sing.''' ,'''You want what you write to be essential.''' ,'''Love's been here from the beginning of time, and life would be very boring without it.''' ,'''As a rule I start the day with a delicious health cocktail which includes soya protein powder, porridge oats, water, vitamin C, sunflower seeds and honey, plus Dr Udo's Ultimate Oil Blend for all the essential fatty acids your body needs.''' ,'''You know that something is good but you never really know how good. You always underestimate how much of an impact something is going to have.''' ,'''I work out with weights, do yoga and run on the treadmill at the gym.''' ,'''Well, I always leave massive gaps between albums.''' ,'''I think we all suffer the same pain, all feel the same happiness, and we all have the same emotions within us.''' ,'''Let's face it, I have a fun job at the end of the day.''' ,'''I like to tinkle at my piano when I'm working out a new song - I just put my fingers down and see what comes out.''' ,'''I was fortunate enough to meet Aretha Franklin but I was so overwhelmed that I just burst out crying.''' ,'''I've always been very emotional when I sing.''' ,'''It's good to write about love because it never goes out of fashion. And I'm quite a romantic.''' ,'''I knew I'd made it when I was sitting on the bus into Rochdale and there was an old man listening to one of my songs. It was fantastic.''' ,'''Singers like Gladys Knight are mostly responsible for how I learned to sing.''' ,'''I was probably about four when I really wanted to start singing.''' ,'''Whenever I've collaborated with anyone in the past it's just happened really, I've never actively sought it out.''' ,'''For a sore throat I take arnica, just a tiny pill dissolved under my tongue. And because your throat is like a muscle, I keep mine warm drinking herbal teas, usually camomile.''' ,'''You can make a whole album on your telephone, you can make an amazing video too!''' ,'''I was happy to carry on without children because I was completely immersed in my work and my career. I only heard the clock ticking in my late 30s, and when my mother Marion died the year I turned 40 it hit me with such a force that we ended up having IVF, which turned out to be unsuccessful.''' ,'''I always really loved soul music but all my friends were into the new romantic scene. I'd go to new romantic clubs and then go home and listen to soul music. I was sort of ashamed of listening to disco and soul music!''' ,'''When I make an album I love to spend a long time making it and put my heart and soul into it.''' ,'''You don't hear that much about me being a white and singing soul music in England, but I get the feeling that in America it's really a big thing. It's like, 'God, look at the color of her skin.'''' ,'''Because everyone has love or wants love there are always problems. And if you don't have problems, you're probably leading a boring life.''' ,'''I've always been political but I don't like to bring it into my work any more because I think it limits me.''' ,'''I think that if you hear music young, whatever music you hear influences you. I'm white, but I've been influenced by black music.''' ,'''For me, learning how to sing was just like learning how to speak.''' ,'''I think I popped out of the womb singing Diana Ross.''' ,'''The power of music is a wonderful thing. It can make us happy, make us cry. It can make us forget and make us remember.''' ,'''It's always been the same from a long time ago, it's people with promises and people dangling carrots and when you're young and impressionable, and ambitious, you want to believe them. I was always lucky because there was always part of me that didn't believe these people.''' ,'''We were working class, but my mother stopped working at the mill when she married my father and he went on to become an electrical engineer and later a draughtsman. So although we were never rich he was bringing in enough money to be able to splash out occasionally.''' ,'''I've never been a twerking kind of girl. I've always relied on my talent.''' ,'''Business people want things to be safe but that's rubbish to me. In music nothing should be safe.''' ,'''In Europe, I do see a lot of women who were fans years ago bring their daughters and sons to shows and that's how my music gets passed down, and I love that.''' ,'''My bed is my weird little haven. It's like a deflated tent.''' ,'''I started to sing professionally when I was about 13 or 14.''' ,'''I'm not the sort of person who if everyone thinks you're fabulous you thrive on it.''' ,'''I really don't have an interest in it and people think I'm a freak because I'm not obsessed by 'Strictly Come Dancing' but it just doesn't appeal to me. I'm really sorry but I can't get into it. You get treated like a complete pariah if you don't like things like that!''' ,'''I used to hate touring, I used to absolutely hate it! I think one of the reasons why was because in between songs I found it difficult to talk to the audience, and now I don't care, I say what I want!''' ,'''Manchester has always been a massively innovative city, loads of great scientific findings have come from Manchester. The first computer in the world was there and took up a whole building. So Manchester has always been very innovative.''' ,'''People compliment me and if I ignore them, it doesn't mean I'm rude. It just means I'm embarrassed.''' ,'''I'm a singer. I'm a musician. I'm a writer. Maybe - I don't know - I couldn't give a child what it needed.''' ,'''I know I idolise someone like Billie Holiday, but I don't look at her and think I have to imitate her lifestyle, to try and sing like she did.''' ,'''I like to keep everyone happy. I feel like it's my responsibility to do that.''' ,'''I go through phases with money. I'll spend it liberally and then I'll panic and won't spend anything.''' ,'''I don't watch 'The X Factor,' I don't watch 'The Voice,' so I wouldn't want to do them.''' ,'''I've always said that when people start saying, 'Oh my God, why doesn't this woman put down her bagpipes?' then I will. I just don't ever want to become like Cliff Richard.''' ,'''When all my friends were into punk, I'd be singing versions of soul ballads. I thought, 'Oh my God, I don't want them to know I'm doing this.' But I really enjoyed singing those songs.''' ,'''I do admire a lot of artists now who are completely multi-faceted - they're doing seven different jobs all at once and it doesn't seem to faze them whatsoever. It just astonishes me completely and I have nothing but admiration for them.''' ,'''In terms of the production, the style I use is what I see as the 'Lisa Stansfield sound' and I would hope that when anyone puts on one of my songs they don't even have to listen to my voice to know this is a Lisa Stansfield song, because of the way it sounds.''' ,'''I've got a good imagination, so I can see someone arguing over a parking ticket and imagine they're getting a divorce or something.''' ,'''The fame thing made me run - it got out of hand and I needed to go away.''' ,'''People get trapped sometimes and they don't feel they have a voice. And if you can in some way help someone by writing a song, it's really lovely.''' ,'''Falling in love is an absolutely beautiful thing to go through, and why people shouldn't talk about it is beyond me.''' ,'''I was the first white British woman to reach No 1 on the R&B chart - the American black music chart.''' ,'''I love acting, but I've always prioritized my music.''' ,'''I was really skinny and I had greasy hair and I was knock-kneed. There's something still in me that's like that, and I catch myself, you know when you're walking or something, and you think, 'Oh no, you're still that drippy person.'''' ,'''That's a part of human nature that men and women, women and women, whatever your sexuality, you flirt with each other and it's completely harmless and it doesn't really mean it crosses a line... You can tell where it is.''' ,]
+++