+++
author = "Randall Terry"
title = "Randall Terry Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Randall Terry Quotes"
keywords = "randall terry,randall terry quotes,randall terry quote,randall terry sayings,randall terry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The enemies of the Christian religion and the Law of God confuse law with faith.''' ,'''If you want to understand Jesus, you have to study the whole Bible. Christian duty is not defined solely by the words in red.''' ,'''We are saved by grace, not by the works of the law. But don't be so quick to write the law off.''' ,'''If my duty does involve heralding His law in every arena, then the Church in America is failing radically today.''' ,'''He who frames the question wins the debate.''' ,'''We are not at the same place we were in 1973. This country today is drifting, moving steadily towards the pro-life position because the data is with us.''' ,'''If God is sovereign, then it is impossible for civil government to be neutral on issues of law. All law is based in some religious code.''' ,'''It's come to the point where you have people saying it's our Christian duty to embrace the homosexual movement. This is absurd.''' ,'''Once you depart from the Ten Commandments as being the foundation of right and wrong, you are in a free fall.''' ,'''The early Church had nothing but the Old Testament. The New Testament lies hidden in the Old; the Old Testament lies open in the New.''' ,'''So many Christian leaders have been so tepid or downright silent on the advance of the homosexual agenda.''' ,'''The Law of God reaches into every area of life, and it brings about incredible blessing and incredible freedom.''' ,'''For us to think we can enjoy, understand and practice the Christian religion with just Matthew to Revelation is foolishness.''' ,'''If someone doesn't know their Old Testament, they don't know right doctrine, right correction, and they can't be equipped for good works.''' ,'''You don't know how to love God and your neighbor unless you look to the law to define it.''' ,'''We want every human being in the womb to be safe, not have these babies be killed to solve some dilemma.''' ,'''Christians take Scriptures out of context to try to justify or to vindicate retreat and cowardice.''' ,'''How long before we have, not just homosexual marriage, but homosexual unions between adult men and small boys?''' ,'''I believe that Clinton is the most wicked and vile President that this nation has ever had.''' ,'''A Christianity that is in conflict with the Scriptures isn't Christianity at all.''' ,'''If the Christians who were alive in the 1770s behaved and believed like the Christians of today, there wouldn't be an America as we know it.''' ,'''Behaviors are a choice. Feelings are sometimes out of our control. Behavior has to do with choices.''' ,'''Let's use the opportunities before us to stand for Christ. If we will do, God himself will honor our efforts and America can be restored.''' ,'''America should function as a Christian nation.''' ,'''It's the Law of God that gave the stability to Christian civilization.''' ,'''Most of the Ten Commandments are negative. The purpose of law is not to mandate good behavior. That concept comes from the French Revolution.''' ,'''Homosexuals reject the process of healing because it's too painful and time-consuming.''' ,'''What kind of America do people want to leave for their children? What horrors are down the road, stuff that was unthinkable 30 years ago?''' ,'''George Washington understood that the Bible is the place where God's records of right and wrong are kept.''' ,'''Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.''' ,'''The government forces you to give your money to things you don't believe in, to have your money go to projects that might be inherently immoral.''' ,'''The homosexual community has more acceptance in America than it ever has, and the suicide rate is as high as it's always been.''' ,'''It's interesting to note that all revolutionary literature was written by pastors. These guys were involved in a revolution against the mightiest power that the world had ever seen.''' ,'''I didn't run off with the secretary. It made it seem like I had committed adultery and then ran off with a secretary, neither of which happened.''' ,'''In a world without the law of God, you have chaos, oppression, tyranny, and everyone doing what is right in their own eyes.''' ,'''It's kind of fun to listen to Christians who say: I'm a New Testament Christian. What other kind of Christian is there?''' ,'''I have to believe that people can change, otherwise I deny the Gospel, and I will not do that.''' ,'''The Law of God in the Christian religion is the schoolmaster that leads us to Christ.''' ,'''If we don't believe in moral absolutes and then we get into a cultural-political debate, how are we going to win?''' ,'''I've traveled all over the country for years speaking in churches, teaching the Ten Commandments. It's amazing if 2 percent of any congregation knows the Ten Commandments.''' ,'''If it squares with the Scripture, then let's go. If it's in conflict with the Scripture, then it's heresy.''' ,]
+++