+++
author = "Peter Lorre"
title = "Peter Lorre Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Peter Lorre Quotes"
keywords = "peter lorre,peter lorre quotes,peter lorre quote,peter lorre sayings,peter lorre saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have made over 70 pictures and in only 10 of them did I portray a really 'bad man.'''' ,'''I've never seen myself on the screen.''' ,'''My family encouraged me to paint, but I was never allowed to go to the theater. Naturally, this made me interested in the theater.''' ,'''I wouldn't mind doing those sinister roles again, but in pictures I will direct myself.''' ,'''Making movies used to be fun in the old days. It isn't any longer. It's a coldhearted business.''' ,'''I can't stand to live in Europe. And New York isn't much better.''' ,'''Being typed is not important. For a while vou are typed as one thing. You get out of that. Then you are typed as something else. You can break away from everything except comedy. It's fatal to be typed as a comedian. You can't get out of that.''' ,'''Interviews are horrible. All your life you are trained not to talk about yourself. Then you are expected to do nothing else, to talk only of yourself.''' ,'''For the type of parts I play, I should be booed. But it's odd, fans just adore me. I can't explain it.''' ,'''I'm easy to imitate. All you need are the soft-boiled egg eyes and the bedroom voice.''' ,'''For a lazy man I work awfully hard.''' ,'''Actually, Hollywood is the reverse of what most outsiders think it is. It is not a crazy, nervous place. An actor is less bothered here than he is anywhere else. You can live your life as you please and nobody cares.''' ,'''It got so that I couldn't play anything but a Peter Lorre character.''' ,'''I can't understand why I am always being called a 'boogie-man' type of actor.''' ,'''I'm a shy man.''' ,'''In New York I was taken to a restaurant where comedians gather. There were 14 who imitate me in their acts. They wanted me to give them pointers.''' ,'''If I had wanted to remain one character, I could still be playing Mr. Moto.''' ,'''You'd be amazed how people love me.''' ,'''The audience loves me.''' ,'''Everybody has to work with their talent.''' ,'''I signed with Columbia for two reasons. One reason I saw two of Frank Capra s pictures in Paris, and I want to work with him. Then at Columbia, in Harry Cohn, there is only one judge to please. I could not face the juries of fourteen that I have heard about at so many large studios.''' ,'''I couldn't live without acting. In fact anybody who can live without that feeling is a complete idiot.''' ,'''I'm not scaring anybody for no money!''' ,'''Despite the fact Hollywood classes me as a 'type,' I find the roles broad enough to handle all the acting technique I can summon together.''' ,'''I didn't speak English very well, but I studied day and night so I'd be ready for my first break. When Hitchcock interviewed me I didn't understand a word be said, but I had been told that he liked to tell jokes so I watched him carefully and when I thought he was waiting for a laugh... I laughed.''' ,'''I've been billed as the world's most imitated actor.''' ,'''Actually I made only one out-and-out horror picture, 'The Beast with Five Fingers,' though I have done a lot of suspense and mystery films, of course.''' ,'''It's sort of sad, but the public is no longer afraid of ghosts. They laugh at them instead.''' ,'''I don't want to be typed as a villain or a comedian. One would be as bad as the other. I had to fight that sort of thing several times in my life. And it's painful because it consists of turning down money to do a role.''' ,'''People call me Pepe Le Moko. I never played that role.''' ,'''Just memorizing and emoting, for that you get paid. But that isn't acting.''' ,'''I don't like the word 'villain' or 'heavy.'''' ,'''I don't want to brag, but I can make people laugh and then be terrified.''' ,'''Some people think I was in movies I've never been in.''' ,'''Sydney and I made so many pictures together we were becoming Abbott and Costello, so we broke up. You know Greenstreet was a comedian before he played 'The Maltese Falcon' and in that picture his dialogue consisted of seven pages in a row which he memorized weeks ahead.''' ,'''The public likes me as a bad guy and I'm going to go on being one just as long as I can.''' ,'''Most of my pictures both in this country and abroad have been of the 'horror' variety.''' ,'''Terrible letters came to me. Letters from strange people; people whom I never believed lived in the world; depraved and distorted minds, thinking they saw in me the perfect companion, a fellow psychopathic.''' ,'''For money, I can be a nice guy.''' ,'''There is really no such thing as terrifying people. It's the situation and the scene that count. Not the actor.''' ,]
+++