+++
author = "Hasan Minhaj"
title = "Hasan Minhaj Quotes"
quotes_len = "110"
description = "the best 110 Hasan Minhaj Quotes"
keywords = "hasan minhaj,hasan minhaj quotes,hasan minhaj quote,hasan minhaj sayings,hasan minhaj saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've learned to start from a really sound argument, boil down the essence of what you're trying to say, then build your humor around that, rather than starting with, 'This sounds funny,' and going from there.''' ,'''I was actually a really sort of nervous, shy kid. In high school, it was one of those things where I wasn't popular or a loser; I just don't think many people really knew who I was.''' ,'''Comedy is very disarming. It's a way to talk about things and still be light-hearted. And when it's done really well, you never see the strings, whereas when you watch an infomercial or a politician speaking, a lot of times you can see the strings, you can see what agenda they're trying to push.''' ,'''I wanted to be Atticus Finch.''' ,'''Even the president is not beyond the reach of the First Amendment.''' ,'''Donald Trump is an extremist leader who came out of nowhere. He's self-financed, recruits through social media, attracts his followers with a radical ideology to take over the world, and is actively trying to promote a war between Islam and the West.''' ,'''I'm not a Larry David. I don't have a 'Curb Your Enthusiasm' and a 'Seinfeld' in me.''' ,'''I think the best comedians have that bravery and courage to say, 'This is what it is. This is unfair; that's not cool.'''' ,'''In California, you can stretch your arms out and not be touching another person. You get space, sun and, in general, dignity.''' ,'''Aditi is a comedy superstar over in India. She's only one of three female English-speaking comedians in India.''' ,'''Donald Trump doesn't care about free speech. The man who tweets everything that enters his head doesn't care about the amendment which lets him do that.''' ,'''Every time I watch CNN, it feels like you're assigning me homework. Is Trump a Russian spy? I don't know. You tell me - I'm watching the news. It feels like I'm watching CNN watch the news. Just take an hour, figure out what you want to say, then go on the air.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of Beverly Cleary.''' ,'''My dad was the only son from his entire family to come to America, and I was his only son. We had come to the States to achieve security and success for our family. Rules were simple: No fun, no friends, no girls. Go to school, come home, and study.''' ,'''I grew up in a pretty strict household in the sense that we just didn't have cable, so I wasn't familiar with what stand-up comedy was. I remember telling my friends that I thought stand-up comedy was like the thing that happened before the episode of 'Seinfeld.'''' ,'''On 'The Daily Show,' we get so caught up in the day-to-day news cycle. A story breaks, and then the piranhas in late night, we all jump to the headline, and we dissect it, and then we have to move on to the next day.''' ,'''The news is best when it's serious.''' ,'''Sean Spicer has somehow been doing PR since 1999, which is 18 years. Somehow, after 18 years, his go-to move was denying the Holocaust.''' ,'''I can't emphasize how important free speech is to a liberal and free democracy.''' ,'''U.S.A. Today is what happens when the coupon section takes over the newspaper.''' ,'''I call my style Classic Americana Swag. I do my vibe, and I'll throw in a cool sneaker here or there, a pair of Js.''' ,'''As a Muslim, I like to watch Fox News for the same reason I like to play 'Call of Duty.' Sometimes, I like to turn my brain off and watch strangers insult my family and heritage.''' ,'''Dick Gregory and Richard Pryor laid the groundwork for us as Indian-Americans. How can we add our story to their groundwork is the question.''' ,'''I like to have straight-up black coffee, but when you get it, sometimes you'll burn your tongue, or it spills on your hands, and you get third degree burns. I happen to be the kind of human being who doesn't want to sue coffee companies for money, so I just say, 'Hey, can you give me some coffee, but can you also give me like, eight ice cubes.'''' ,'''In high school, I didn't know what comedy was, but I was involved in speech and debate and public speaking.''' ,'''I've experienced Islamophobic stuff. But I don't care - you can say whatever you want to say about me, but I am who I am. I think that what I'm trying to fight for and what I'm performing for is bigger than any religion, race, creed, or class.''' ,'''I feel like we have so much to add to this book called the American Dream, and I want to add our chapter to it. I want to talk about what it means to be brown American and this concept of what I feel is the New Brown America.''' ,'''Donald Trump is not a 71-year-old white man. He is an Indian uncle. He wears suits that don't fit; he can't speak English properly. He works with his idiotic sons; he hates women but loves his daughter. He makes up words when he gets angry. He is an Indian uncle.''' ,'''The movies 'Dope' and 'Straight Outta Compton' blew me away. I love seeing directors and writers of color make amazing slices of pop culture.''' ,'''We shouldn't get lost in the bombastic tweets of Trump. He provides such great fodder every day. You don't want to lose sight of the other stuff that's going on that's even more important.''' ,'''One thing I found very interesting about comedians around the world was their knowledge of stuff outside of their own culture and comfort zone. That's not very common in the States. We produce our own soft power, which is pop culture, but we rarely try to absorb and learn information from other cultures and countries.''' ,'''I had been cut from the basketball team every year. But I was like, 'I can turn it around! Michael Jordan made it!' You see it a lot of times - you'll have an athlete that you love, and then they'll be like, 'I also want to rap,' and you're like, 'Don't do that.' I was that kid.''' ,'''Everybody's past and history informs them.''' ,'''My favorite comedians are just presenting an argument, and they're doing it in a funny way.''' ,'''Whoever has the best take is what matters. My challenge is finding the best take, and it'll always be that.''' ,'''When you grow up as a minority in a majority culture, a lot of times, you're just trying to fit in.''' ,'''As satirists, we get to stand on the sidelines of life and comment on what's happening.''' ,'''I just hope that people get a variety of news sources to keep themselves informed.''' ,'''A lot of times in life, it's personal choices that you're making, actively, and then there's a myriad of forces and circumstances that are out of our control. And without even realizing it, you're riding a wave of events that you have no control of.''' ,'''My mom works at the VA; she's been working at the VA for 15 plus years, and yet she's helping so many veterans coming back from brown Muslim countries, and my mom treats them. It's this weird - sometimes I feel torn. It's this dual identity. I'm so proud to be American, and at the same time, I disagree with our foreign policy.''' ,'''Every time Trump goes golfing, the headline should read, 'Trump Goes Golfing. Apocalypse Delayed.'''' ,'''A lot of people in the media say that Donald Trump goes golfing too much, which raises a very important question: Why do you care? Do you want to know what he's not doing when he's golfing? Being president. Let the man putt-putt!''' ,'''Trump is inadvertently forcing us to show him how great this country truly is - that we are better together than we are divided.''' ,'''New Brown America represents a whole generation of kids that are descendants of either immigrants or immigrants themselves, that are coming to America, enriching what it means to be an American.''' ,'''Donald Trump is white ISIS - WISIS.''' ,'''America's unique ability to change and be super flexible is pretty dope, man. It's pretty incredible. And that's what I want to contribute to.''' ,'''There are definitely some set topics I go onstage with and want to talk about, but there's also an element of improvisation and spontaneity that I like to bring to each performance and talk about uniquely in that room.''' ,'''As a single guy, the baseline of what I needed was so low. I just needed an air mattress, food, and rent money.''' ,'''Beena and I didn't move in together until we got married.''' ,'''The day-to-day microaggressions that we all face, yeah, you have to let some stuff slide, or you go, 'I gotta keep moving; there's bigger fish to fry.' It's something that I still deal with. But I've tried to have the audacity of equality and to follow my heart in those moments where I feel like something is wrong.''' ,'''Donald Trump is liar-in-chief.''' ,'''I think there are people from every side who are allies for justice and good.''' ,'''Every time a U.S.A. Today slides underneath my door, it's like they're saying, 'Hey, you're not that smart, right?'''' ,'''Funny and sad are two sides of the same coin. I think that most comedians are able to tap into deep subject matter.''' ,'''A lot of times, especially when it comes to political debates, people get caught up in esoteric statistics. So the realest thing I can do that has nothing to do with numbers is tell you my personal experience.''' ,'''I just hope I reach out to people and connect to people in such a way that they continue to support what I do.''' ,'''I look like a melanin version of Chris Hayes.''' ,'''Free speech is the foundation of an open and liberal democracy from college campuses to the White House.''' ,'''Jokes for jokes' sake are kind of meaningless to me. I understand the value of them, but it doesn't speak to me as much. You can lace your argument with jokes, but tell me why you're presenting this argument. What does it mean?''' ,'''I'm just an American citizen like everyone else and I'm not sitting at the power table in the room where it all happens.''' ,'''Political culture has become popular culture.''' ,'''Sean Spicer gives press briefings like someone is going through his browser history while he watches.''' ,'''I was good at speech and debate and academics. I should've stayed in my lane, but I kept trying out for the basketball team. I thought I would make the N.B.A.''' ,'''When you have friends that are Muslim, Jewish, gay, from any marginalized group, you realize that they are so much more than this esoteric talking point.''' ,'''Personal narrative is one of the few things where people don't get caught up in fighting over esoteric rhetoric.''' ,'''Racism has a very quick expiration date when exposed to actual contact with people.''' ,'''My goal is just to continue to find mediums to tell stories that I think need to be told.''' ,'''If you and I believe two different things, I can attack you verbally all day, but if I can make you laugh and show you the absurdity of your argument, it will lower you guard. People let you in then.''' ,'''I'm a first-generation kid in this country. I so identify with America and its culture. I'm a citizen, I was born here. I'm American. At the same time, like most first-generation kids, I have this other identity to another country back home, which is India.''' ,'''It is 2017, and we are living in the golden age of lying.''' ,''''CNN Tonight' should just be called 'Wait a second! Now hold on! Stop yelling at each!' with Don Lemon.''' ,'''This first-generation narrative keeps happening over and over and over again, whether it was Irish or Jewish or our community, South Asians, Japanese-Americans, Mexican-Americans. We've all gone through this sort of bridge, and it will continue to happen.''' ,'''I just started the way most comics start, doing open mic shows around Sacramento and San Francisco, and eventually, I moved to L.A. After about four or five years in L.A., I got the call to join the 'The Daily Show.'''' ,'''Everything isn't breaking news. You can't go to DEFCON One just because Sanjay Gupta found a new moisturizer.''' ,'''The traditional Hollywood system is pretty rigid, but the film scene in, say, South Africa is booming with a lot of possibilities. If you have the cameras and reasonable capital, you can put your film in theatres next to 'Guardians of the Galaxy.' A great example of that was Kagiso Lediga's film 'Blitz Patrole.'''' ,'''I'd rather be an angry optimist than an angry nihilist.''' ,'''You can hear my opinion on various subjects, but telling my story is the most authentic thing I can do. There's nothing more powerful I can share with an audience.''' ,'''There's all sorts of terrible things that happen around the world. And comedy's one of those few things where you can discuss those things.''' ,'''If it's just me on stage telling stories for, like, an hour, that's great. That's fine. But like a sandcastle on the beach, it gets washed away at night. It's so much more powerful if we can all share our narratives and doorstep moments and make us feel a little less alone. I'm just trying to use social media and new media as a way to capture that.''' ,'''My mom worked at the VA for years, so any time I can do anything to help, it's a must.''' ,'''The 'Homecoming King' show started off as a storytelling show that I had done; I worked with Greg Walloch to develop it and build it into something bigger.''' ,'''My dad's from that generation like a lot of immigrants where he feels like if you come to this country, you pay this thing like the American dream tax: like you're going to endure some racism, and if it doesn't cost you your life, well hey, you lucked out. Pay it; there you go, Uncle Sam. I was born here, so I actually had the audacity of equality.''' ,''''Shantaram' is fantastic. An Australian prisoner escapes & joins the mafia in India? Sign me up. I love stuff that is based on true stories.''' ,'''People still assume the White House Correspondents' Association works for the White House, when in reality, it's a group of journalists who cover the White House. It's a branding thing, but because it has the 'White House' before it, people think they're just King Joffrey's goons.''' ,'''Being healthy is the crown that only the sick can see. A lot of times, we take it for granted.''' ,'''I think the way comedy is represented on screen is it's either all fart jokes - and it's just laughter for the sake of laughter - or it's one of those things where it's just kind of very preachy, very heavy-handed.''' ,'''When you can tailor your act, you want it to be about yourself but also about the people in the room and the experience you guys are having in that moment; it is really a special thing.''' ,'''My biggest inspiration is black America and what they've done in the arts. I have always felt like an outsider in America, and what black Americans have done to add their chapter to this book called the American dream, and to be so unapologetic and true, and have added so much to art and culture in the world.''' ,'''The story that I'm telling in 'Homecoming King' about falling in love, these are things that happened to me - that actually happen every day in our backyards and in our communities.''' ,'''I had a huge Indian wedding, and I did it for my wife, and I did it for my white friends.''' ,'''What I love about comedy is that we're this group of weirdos, and the only language that matters is, 'Are you funny?' And it really is this oddly cool American idea where comedy's the marketplace of ideas. May the best idea win.''' ,'''When you immerse yourself in a community, you tend to rise in that community.''' ,'''I went to college during the Kazaa/Napster era, and we had free Internet, which was a huge deal. People were just downloading all of everything.''' ,'''I feel like every conversation with my father is like an M. Night Shyamalan movie; 90 minutes of build-up to no payoff.''' ,'''I exist in this hyphen. I'm an Indian-American-Muslim kid, but am I more Indian, or am I more American? What part of my identity am I?''' ,'''I'm a big believer in doing everything you can and everything in your power to change the outcome. But health is one of those things you can't control, and it's a very scary thing for me.''' ,'''Only in America can the first-generation Indian American Muslim kid get on the stage and make fun of the president.''' ,'''One of the biggest things immigrant kids oftentimes feel is this big disparity between our parents and us. And our parents are staunch pragmatists, and I consider myself to be an optimist.''' ,'''Growing up in the States, there's this part of me that's like, man, I'm Indian. Like, this is where I belong. And as soon as I got to India, and I had to go to the bathroom in some places, I was, like, 'Man - I am American.'''' ,'''To show that a comedian on stage in India talking about sanitation or in South Africa talking about HIV and AIDS awareness, if you follow the joke into their lives, you can see that, like, oh, these things aren't just contrived in joke books. This is real life. I think the best comedians have that bravery and courage to say, Oh, this is what it is.''' ,'''Donald Trump does not touch alcohol, which is really respectable. But think about that. That means every statement, every interview, every tweet - completely sober.''' ,''''Stand-Up Planet' was Anthony Bourdain-meets-stand-up comedy.''' ,'''I love air conditioning and Starbucks.''' ,'''Bananas are my go-to breakfast.''' ,'''If you want a great replacement, like, who can follow Barack and still have that swag, that charisma, that charm and be historic - I think it would be Tina Fey for president.''' ,'''J. Cole's 2014 'Forrest Hills Drive.' The album, artwork, and director of that album was a huge influence on the visuals for 'Homecoming King.'''' ,'''I think perspective is a necessary, amazing thing.''' ,'''I'm addicted to chocolate chip cookies. I mean that seriously. If there are chocolate chip cookies, I will devour them.''' ,'''I've found the 90-10 rule to be pretty true: 90 percent of what I come up with and write down is kinda 'eh,' and then somehow, someway, 10 percent of it happens to work out really great in my act.''' ,''''Vice News' is cool because they'll just send your local barista to go talk to the head of ISIS.''' ,]
+++