+++
author = "Les Brown"
title = "Les Brown Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Les Brown Quotes"
keywords = "les brown,les brown quotes,les brown quote,les brown sayings,les brown saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality.''' ,'''If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.''' ,'''In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact.''' ,'''All of us need to grow continuously in our lives.''' ,'''Today, you expand or you are expendable.''' ,'''You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.''' ,'''I advise you to say your dream is possible and then overcome all inconveniences, ignore all the hassles and take a running leap through the hoop, even if it is in flames.''' ,'''Wanting something is not enough. You must hunger for it. Your motivation must be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will invariably come your way.''' ,'''Life has no limitations, except the ones you make.''' ,'''Life takes on meaning when you become motivated, set goals and charge after them in an unstoppable manner.''' ,'''We have to live life with a sense of urgency so not a minute is wasted.''' ,'''Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on.''' ,'''You must remain focused on your journey to greatness.''' ,'''You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change.''' ,'''If you fall, fall on your back. If you can look up, you can get up.''' ,'''Anytime you suffer a setback or disappointment, put your head down and plow ahead.''' ,'''Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.''' ,'''Unlike productions in the other arts, all television shows are born to destroy two other shows.''' ,'''If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you.''' ,'''We are living in very challenging times. Pressured in the workplace and stressed out at home, people are trying to make sense of their lives.''' ,'''Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.''' ,'''You don't get what you want in life. You get who you are!''' ,'''The only limits to the possibilities in your life tomorrow are the buts you use today.''' ,'''Our ability to handle life's challenges is a measure of our strength of character.''' ,'''Easy is not an option!''' ,'''You take on the responsibility for making your dream a reality.''' ,'''The best gifts are those we not only cherish but put to use.''' ,'''Honor your commitments with integrity.''' ,'''Where do we enroll in Life 101? Where are the classes dealing with the loss of a job, the death of a loved one, the failure of a relationship? Unfortunately, those lessons are mostly learned through trial by fire and the school of hard knocks.''' ,'''Your ability to communicate is an important tool in your pursuit of your goals, whether it is with your family, your co-workers or your clients and customers.''' ,'''It takes someone with a vision of the possibilities to attain new levels of experience. Someone with the courage to live his dreams.''' ,'''Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars.''' ,'''Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.''' ,'''If you are carrying strong feelings about something that happened in your past, they may hinder your ability to live in the present.''' ,'''In day-to-day commerce, television is not so much interested in the business of communications as in the business of delivering audiences to advertisers. People are the merchandise, not the shows. The shows are merely the bait.''' ,'''Forgive those who have hurt you.''' ,'''Review your goals twice every day in order to be focused on achieving them.''' ,'''If you put yourself in a position where you have to stretch outside your comfort zone, then you are forced to expand your consciousness.''' ,'''Goals help you channel your energy into action.''' ,'''A lot of people do not muster the courage to live their dreams because they are afraid to die.''' ,'''We were all born with a certain degree of power. The key to success is discovering this innate power and using it daily to deal with whatever challenges come our way.''' ,'''Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality.''' ,'''When life knocks you down, try to land on your back. Because if you can look up, you can get up. Let your reason get you back up.''' ,'''Just because Fate doesn't deal you the right cards, it doesn't mean you should give up. It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential.''' ,'''Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you.''' ,'''You need to make a commitment, and once you make it, then life will give you some answers.''' ,'''I think of myself as a catalyst of action and a messenger of hope, turning people onto themselves and turning people onto their dreams.''' ,'''We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams.''' ,'''Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life.''' ,'''Make each day count by setting specific goals to succeed, then putting forth every effort to exceed your own expectations.''' ,'''There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win.''' ,]
+++