+++
author = "O. T. Genasis"
title = "O. T. Genasis Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 O. T. Genasis Quotes"
keywords = "o. t. genasis,o. t. genasis quotes,o. t. genasis quote,o. t. genasis sayings,o. t. genasis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I really don't care to be criticized. I stay in my lane and do me.''' ,'''I actually think that I'm a genius; not to toot my own horn or anything, but I think I'm a musical genius.''' ,'''Genesis means the beginning. But I put the A instead of the E because I didn't wanna be criticized in church and nothing like that. And it means the beginning, but in my city, I'm the only person that's on the West Coast that has a different sound, so I was thinking to myself, 'This the beginning of a new sound, a new person.'''' ,'''Music changes, life changes. It's like Jay Z said: 'If people like the old Jay, then go listen to the old Jay.' I always heard that, but never understood it.''' ,'''I have a son, and my son has autism. There's certain things that I deal with that a lot of people don't deal with.''' ,'''Nobody wants to sit there and study lyrics the whole time, driving back from work when they just got their check after a long shift. It's not the same. Everybody just wants to be happy with life.''' ,'''The great thing about 'Coco' is that for anybody who hears it, it just sticks.''' ,'''Usually, if I hear songs, I record it on a Voice Memo first. I have to perfect it. I'm a big fan of delivery, and I want to make sure you're saying it right. I'm like, 'This has to be perfect when I do this.'''' ,'''I want to be able to do any and everything. I don't want to be limited.''' ,'''It's different when your son is not typical, and you have to deal with him and handle him every single day.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I have a son.''' ,'''I've always been a fan of music. I listened to a whole lot of oldies - I never really listened to rap music that much.''' ,'''I'm not chasing a hit record - that's why I can make a hit record. It's not forced at all; it just happens. It's off of vibes.''' ,'''I just want to be a spokesperson for the people.''' ,'''I had a record called 'Touchdown.' It was really bubbling in my city, and I used to go to different clubs and perform.''' ,'''I ended up performing one time at BET. I performed my record, like, four times, and the crowd was going super crazy. And Busta just happened to be there; he pulled me to the side and asked, 'Are you signed to anybody?' So we went to the studio a few days later, spoke, and then became business partners.''' ,'''I put out 'Rhythm & Bricks,' which showed my versatility, and I had a lot of melodic songs on there, then I had a lot of street songs on there, and I just wanted to know what everybody wanted from me. I did put that out so that everybody could get a feel, so 'Cut It' just happened to come out of there.''' ,]
+++