+++
author = "Tana Ramsay"
title = "Tana Ramsay Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Tana Ramsay Quotes"
keywords = "tana ramsay,tana ramsay quotes,tana ramsay quote,tana ramsay sayings,tana ramsay saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''After having babies, I went off most desserts and chocolates. I could never resist a Wispa or a Flake. I can't finish a bar now.''' ,'''Christmas in the Ramsay house is always a noisy chaotic time, but I love it!''' ,'''My kids are all conscious that they have to prove themselves for who they are. I'm happy for them to do anything they want as long as it's their passion and they work hard.''' ,'''Everyone loves a long, slow-cooked stew and with gorgeous roasted vegetables. However, sometimes if you want something light, nothing beats a crispy duck salad.''' ,'''My grandma's chicken soup is amazing: so simple, so full of flavour, and so yummy.''' ,'''My priority is always the home.''' ,'''The one thing I still love is mint choc chip ice cream - the really fluorescent kind.''' ,'''I think some men like to be hands-on dads. It's up to individuals. We did it the way that suited us.''' ,'''I absolutely adore Nigel Slater.''' ,'''I think educating children at pre-school age is vital because then they are picking up good habits that become part of their lifestyle, so it's never going to be a big issue for them to have to learn how to do it.''' ,'''I certainly don't consider myself famous.''' ,'''I feel very guilty about not having a vegetable garden, but it is quite time-consuming.''' ,'''I've got no qualms in making my feelings clear when I need to.''' ,'''If there is one thing I have learnt, it's that you have to be honest.''' ,'''The important lesson for the children was that they know if there is a problem, they can tell us, we can talk about it, and we can resolve it. That's what families do. You face things, and you deal with them, and you move on together.''' ,]
+++