+++
author = "Catherine Reitman"
title = "Catherine Reitman Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Catherine Reitman Quotes"
keywords = "catherine reitman,catherine reitman quotes,catherine reitman quote,catherine reitman sayings,catherine reitman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I knew how to come up with jokes at someone's expense really fast.''' ,'''It took me a long time to blossom. Everyone else understood how to socialize and how to look. I didn't get the memo.''' ,'''It's not the most relatable thing for working moms to have freshly painted claws all the time.''' ,'''Humans are incredibly selfish. And in parents, flaws become hyper focused.''' ,'''We've all been in that metaphoric place, having to scream out what you want in the face of your fears.''' ,'''Because there is less female storytelling, especially motherhood storytelling, there has been immense pressure on my storytelling to represent more people, and to do so in a sort of unrealistic way.''' ,'''Hire women. Trust women. Let them succeed. They are a pleasure to work with.''' ,'''There's an identity crisis that happens when you give birth. I don't care how confident, how secure you are, how much help you have, how many kids you have. For me, it was major.''' ,'''Usually, when people hear my last name, before they really get to know me or work with me, there's probably a lot of preconceived notions that come with that. And I imagine most of them aren't good. Because for every wonderful second generation of a famous person, there's people that aren't that way. More entitled people.''' ,'''When I first got pregnant, my husband and I were huge consumers of premium cable television, and we were watching all of these shows, and it would either be the B-storyline of a show like 'Homeland,' where she's a working mother, or you have even smaller C-storylines on a show like 'Mad Men.'''' ,'''The biggest lesson I've learned throughout the first season of 'Workin' Moms' is that you have to give yourself permission to forgive yourself.''' ,'''Are there days where I wish I was just at home with my kids? Yeah, most days. But then I look at our accomplishments, and I feel alive; I feel so proud of myself. So it's a very confusing thing to be a working parent.''' ,'''Unfortunately, it's the new normal to get divorced - and divorced with children is its own soil rich with land mines. There's a lot of comedy but a lot of heartache, too.''' ,'''If you can find moments of success, then you're ahead of the curve.''' ,'''To admit that you're shooting for the stars - that you're allowed to do that, that it's not shameful - that to me is very vulnerable.''' ,'''I can't deny that I've had a privileged upbringing. I've been really fortunate regarding how I entered this world, not just financially, but in that I have really great parents who show me a lot of love.''' ,'''All of these guys who went through rehab have done so much therapy and so much work on themselves that they're totally open to talking about anything because they've done a lot of healing. You have to respect that.''' ,'''Whether I was working or not, I am not a good cook or a good seamstress. I love my kids, and I provide for them, but do I think that I'm a great mom? Not by any means, other than that they're full of love. I rely heavily on nannies and my mother and my husband to fill in all over the place where I'm lacking.''' ,'''I've embraced comfortable, but still chic, footwear. I don't know who I was wearing heels for - as much as I love the way they make my legs look and the power I feel when I choose to wear them - but I can do a longer and more pressing day if I'm in a shoe I can walk in.''' ,'''Stay-at-home mothers, working mothers, people are very tough on each other. I don't see that in the world of men. I don't see working men who have children, and those who don't, judging each other. I think there's a different category of expectation.''' ,'''Having children is messy and easy to judge.''' ,'''When people stop me to say they love 'Workin' Moms,' it's not just that the show makes them laugh or is a great escape - they tell me my, or another, character's story is their story.''' ,'''There's a repression against mothers where we're expected to be full-time workers and pretend we're not mothers, and then expected to be full-time mothers who pretend we're not working. Simultaneously, within the hours of the week that exist.''' ,'''Breastfeeding takes a toll on your body... your spirit.''' ,'''There's a different expectation, not just on mothers but on women. We're expected to do it all, to have it all, and look good through the process and have a smile on our face, and that's not always the case.''' ,'''I'm lucky enough to be stopped on the street for two things, usually: for 'It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia,' and for 'Workin' Moms.'''' ,'''Part of being a mother - part of the comedy of it, anyway - is what happens to your body.''' ,'''I don't always look so beautiful.''' ,'''We should go after our dreams and not be apologetic about it, but it's scary. Whether you want to work or not, you have to do what makes you a fuller person. You have to love yourself.''' ,''''Workin' Moms,' obviously, is about mothers who also work. But we're also expected to remain graceful when we return to work, and that's just impossible.''' ,'''There's been times I've been paralyzed by guilt when I've had to work crazy hours or miss a parent-teacher interview.''' ,'''We only see female protagonists who are likeable, with one cute flaw, such as adorable clumsiness. I'm fed up with it.''' ,'''There's just an incredible amount of loneliness as a mother, all this solitude no one really speaks to.''' ,'''I love my kids more than anything. I love them more than me in some ways.''' ,'''You can have a career and kids who love you. But you have to nurture yourself and find a way to be fulfilled so you're not resentful.''' ,'''Taking lunch by myself every once in a while and slowing down - that helps me a lot.''' ,'''I really enjoy working. I really enjoy telling stories. I really enjoy acting. The idea that I would have a baby and stop doing that was unrealistic to me.''' ,'''I had such a crush on Sasha Mitchell from 'Step By Step.'''' ,'''I went back to work about six weeks after I gave birth, which was crazy early, and experienced some pretty bad postpartum depression but didn't know it at the time.''' ,'''There's an identity crisis - a lot of us become mothers, and all of a sudden, we're expected to become these selfless people. That's not a really natural process. That, for me, never felt organic.''' ,'''I don't have a perfect meal on the table most nights. Any night!''' ,'''I feel very lucky to be able to have my dad and to have him as a guide as I've had my whole life. It's just been a really cool ride.''' ,'''I was a big fan of Coolio, growing up, and I was excited to meet him. We played golf, which definitely is not my sport, and he was a character.''' ,'''Flaws are really interesting.''' ,'''There's so much dishonesty with motherhood in general... The truth is it's just a lot of embarrassing, humiliating moments.''' ,'''I was lucky enough to be raised not only by a really talented man but a really good father.''' ,'''I talk about postpartum depression and all these things I don't hear a lot of women talking about on TV.''' ,]
+++