+++
author = "Tim Robinson"
title = "Tim Robinson Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Tim Robinson Quotes"
keywords = "tim robinson,tim robinson quotes,tim robinson quote,tim robinson sayings,tim robinson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Early skateboard culture had a lot of skulls.''' ,'''We want to reclaim Faygo from the Juggalos.''' ,'''I was a cool skateboard fan, who didn't like the system.''' ,'''Saturday mornings, or at night when I'm trying to go to bed, I'll watch Hitchcock mysteries and stuff. I know that's pretty boring, but it feels comfortable. It's called 'Alfred Hitchcock Presents.'''' ,'''Growing up, I would just sit in my room and watch Detroit news. I was obsessed with Rich Fisher and Amyre Makupson and, of course, Bill Bonds. He was such a character. I just really liked these people. I'm just really a nerd for it.''' ,'''Writing is one thing, but I'm way more insecure and neurotic when it comes to acting.''' ,'''Oh my god, this makes me laugh so much: I once saw this young woman fall in a bar in Chicago, and she got up and she's like, 'These dang Sketcher Shape-ups!'''' ,'''I come from a Chrysler family.''' ,'''I do feel like I get anxiety, and anxious to do something new.''' ,'''I ain't no wild card!''' ,'''I'm nice!''' ,'''I'm a wild card at typing. That one thing.''' ,'''There are truly, truly millions. I'd probably need a month to list all my mistakes.''' ,'''There are many differences between Netflix and Comedy Central.''' ,'''I think every interaction I have, there's something I walk away going, Oh my God, I sound like a jerk. It's constantly happening.''' ,'''I'm crazy into 'Twilight Zone.' I got through every 'Twilight Zone.' I would watch them at night, and it was my relaxing thing to do.''' ,'''It fascinates me that there's this instinct to blame something else when you're embarrassed or caught.''' ,'''People have a little more patience for a taped piece than they do a live piece.''' ,'''I'm a Chrysler man.''' ,'''When people say the word 'bromance,' it drives me nuts, because guys can't be friends so they call it a 'bromance' as this macho way out of it.''' ,'''Well, Mort Crim is always incredible.''' ,'''I didn't wear a leather jacket, man. I didn't grow up in the '50s.''' ,]
+++