+++
author = "Ayesha Curry"
title = "Ayesha Curry Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Ayesha Curry Quotes"
keywords = "ayesha curry,ayesha curry quotes,ayesha curry quote,ayesha curry sayings,ayesha curry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Shrimp and grits is a dish that I enjoy from North Carolina. It's one of those dishes that is so rich in flavor and texture.''' ,'''Hospitality and cooking are my passion, and I love nothing more than seeing someone's face when they taste an unforgettable bite.''' ,'''One way I get my kids to try new things is by cooking with them.''' ,'''I feel like it's so important to get your little ones' hands dirty in the kitchen. It gives them kitchen confidence, and it makes them feel accomplished.''' ,'''My husband really loves my feet.''' ,'''I wonder why people are so hateful sometimes. I just don't get it.''' ,'''Marriage has given me the gift of compassion.''' ,'''Steph's such a good dad for girls. He's super attentive, and he's, like, not too manly to get down on the floor and play with them and have a tea party.''' ,'''I wasn't allowed to date in high school.''' ,'''Even if we're just watching HGTV with a glass of wine, that's date night at my house.''' ,'''Throughout high school, I was made fun of a lot. I was a lot smaller than the other kids, and I have a big gap in my teeth. I had pretty bad acne. So I struggled with that.''' ,'''I have those days when takeout is the direction we go.''' ,'''My family values are really, really important.''' ,'''From the very first meeting, I knew that Endemol Shine was a great fit for me.''' ,'''I love bacon so much.''' ,'''I feel like Christianity gets very misconstrued sometimes. People don't realize that every day is a normal day just like anybody else, but we're just trying to improve every day. It's not about putting anybody down or telling anybody they're wrong. It's more about trying to do what's right for your own self.''' ,'''Glam, for me, is all about a good lip, lots of mascara, and contouring. Contouring is very important.''' ,'''It's hard to portray your personality in 140 characters. And so, at times, I tend to be very cynical. And I don't think that comes across very well on social media.''' ,'''You can have your cake and eat it too and follow your passions, have a family, and be happy.''' ,'''My happy place is my bedroom. I love it.''' ,'''Marriage has given me a little family of my own. We hold each other accountable, love each other, and always are there for each other. I feel more balanced now because I know what it's like to care for others.''' ,'''I don't want to be just a lifestyle guru for the millennials.''' ,'''I do my own way of witnessing. Not by verbally intimidating people but just by my actions.''' ,'''I want everybody to succeed.''' ,'''I feel like it is important to make sure you are always praying, always talking to have clarity of mind and peace.''' ,'''I love it when someone tries a recipe of mine and posts a picture of the finished product. Completely rewarding. It makes my day every time.''' ,'''When you can't do what you love all of a sudden because of an uncontrollable situation, it sucks.''' ,''''Having it all,' to me, means having my family, having health, my kids' health, a roof over our heads, everybody fed.''' ,'''Motherhood is far better than I expected. I love it with all of my heart.''' ,'''Creating a meal for somebody, it's a way to show your love.''' ,'''For me, cooking is the only way I know how to show my love. That's why I am so passionate about food. It's such a love language.''' ,'''I happen to love edamame.''' ,'''As a human being, I do feel like it's my right to be able to stand up for and speak on whatever I want.''' ,'''For me, I just do what is true to myself and my brand.''' ,'''Mango is always a staple in my household.''' ,'''In the CoverGirl Melting Pout Matte Lipstick ads, I am wearing this gorgeous purple color called Seismic. It's such a different shade, but it works well with my face. I've got hazel eyes, and so purple kind of compliments it. It's a nice shade to put on when I'm feeling a little sassy.''' ,'''I love a good bowl of cereal. The unhealthy kind. Lucky Charms. Sometime I'll do Special K Chocolatey Delight, and I feel like I'm being healthy, but there's chocolate in there.''' ,'''I wear a lot of hair extensions because I'm doing a lot of shoots and things like that. But for me, a good edge control is really important, and then a headscarf at night.''' ,'''There were moments growing up where I felt beautiful, but I truly didn't feel beautiful all of the time until I became a mom. It really allowed me to realize no one is perfect.''' ,'''The only introduction to sports that I had before meeting my husband was Buffalo Bills football and Doug Flutely Flakes. My dad grew up in Buffalo and has been a Bills fan all his life.''' ,'''I've made it a point to be transparent on my social media and in everything that I present. I never want anyone to think that I'm too fluffy or too perfect.''' ,'''Putting good foods into kids' bodies puts me at peace and makes me really happy.''' ,'''I love to make scrubs at home. My favorite is a mixture of brown sugar and coconut oil. So simple yet so effective!''' ,'''There's going to be a million people that tell you 'No' when you're starting out to do something. But, all you need is that one person to tell you 'Yes,' who's going to believe in you. But first, you need to believe in yourself.''' ,'''Instead of cartoons, I was the kid who was watching Food Network, falling asleep to Emeril and Rachael Ray.''' ,'''My grandmother had mango trees in her backyard when I was a child. So it's always been an ingredient that I'm familiar with. It can be used in so many ways. My kids absolutely love it for a snack or in a savory dish.''' ,'''I think it's important to be that strong woman and to follow your passions regardless of what your situation is.''' ,'''It's never okay to put other women down.''' ,'''Food strengthens my family bond while it nourishes my body.''' ,'''A good cut of steak is always a go-to splurge.''' ,'''I'm thankful for my family's health, that everybody's healthy. That's something that can be taken for granted, so I'm grateful for that.''' ,'''I'm always going to stand up for my beliefs and stand behind them.''' ,'''I am a working mom, so to be able to have a space for my kids as well as a space for my work, it's just great. That is what balance is.''' ,'''It's true what they say, and I am now a firm believer in the fact that every pregnancy is different for every woman!''' ,'''I take a few moments in the morning just to breathe while I drink my morning coffee or right before I get out of bed.''' ,'''I launched Little Lights of Mine because I was a young, 23-year-old new mom. I was home at the time and looking for direction. I started the blog as a place to just share everything. It quickly turned into a food-based blog where I would share all of my favorite recipes.''' ,'''I feel like it's my duty to keep it real for my community of moms out there for both my own peace of mind and the fact that some of you may be going through or have experienced what I am!''' ,'''It's cool to see all your dreams come to fruition.''' ,'''I live in San Francisco, and I love it.''' ,'''I feel really strongly about immigration because my mom is... from Jamaica. She still has a green card here.''' ,'''Don't be afraid to try brussel sprouts! Delicious and full of vitamin C.''' ,'''I love dessert.''' ,'''It truly amazes me all the things you can add and mix in to truly transform a plain old bowl of oatmeal.''' ,'''I come from a very artsy family.''' ,'''People don't realize it hurts my feelings when someone looks at my hair or my eyes, and says, 'But you're not actually black. You're black, but you're not black black, because your eyes are green.' I'm like, 'What? No, no, I'm definitely black.' Even some of my closest friends have said that. It's been a bit touchy for me.''' ,'''If I am in a certain mood, and I want to feel a certain way, I will pop on a certain color of lipstick, and it makes me feel entirely different.''' ,'''The one thing my mom taught me was to never go to bed without washing my face, and so I wash my face at least twice a day.''' ,'''Packing your lunch for the work week can seem like an unattainable goal especially when work gets hectic and crazy.''' ,'''Being able to sprawl out on the bed and wear my face mask and put my hair up in my bonnet, honestly, it's nice to have those moments sometimes.''' ,'''Because I am a chef, I have to try new things all the time, so it's been really good to have my family to be able to be there and test everything out.''' ,'''I remember my mom wearing CoverGirl. And, no joke, the first lipstick I got was CoverGirl. It was this pearly pink shimmer that was not the color for me, but it sticks in your mind.''' ,'''If we have love, we have family, we have everything we need.''' ,'''My mom is Jamaican and Chinese, and my dad is Polish and African-American, so I had a pretty diverse culinary background to work with.''' ,'''I have what docs call hyperemesis.''' ,'''Who doesn't love strawberries? My family certainly does.''' ,'''My mom has passed down that you can be chic and look beautiful, and you don't have to break the bank. I grew up like that. She also taught me I don't have to stress all the time. She's always been a go-with-the-flow type of woman; that's how she raised us, and I find that's how I'm raising my little girls now.''' ,'''My parents found this paper from my high school theater class where you had to write down what you wanted in a significant other. At the bottom, it said, 'No athletes, because they're arrogant.'''' ,'''I can remember what I ate in the most important moments in my life.''' ,'''What I want to represent for my daughters is that you can always stay true to yourself and still be successful.''' ,'''I believe that in today's media landscape, we can create and distribute content on multiple platforms while remaining fresh and relevant.''' ,'''I prayed about it consistently - that God would direct me in the right path and that, when it would happen, I would know that I'm in the right place.''' ,'''Since developing my blog and YouTube channel in 2013, Little Lights of Mine, I've connected with some of the most passionate people around the world.''' ,'''Both of my parents worked, so it was my way of helping around the house by making dinner for my family. I fell in love with it.''' ,'''Anytime I prepare a meal for my family, I am putting all of my time, effort, energy, and love into it.''' ,'''Things happen when they're supposed to happen.''' ,'''I'm always looking for new ways to create flavorful veggie dishes for my family.''' ,'''I think it's important for children to know where their food comes from and how much work it takes to produce the items we eat in our home.''' ,'''I've tried my best to be transparent with everything I do. What you see is what you get.''' ,'''Tatcha is my favorite beauty brand. They were also founded in San Francisco. Their entire line is based off of geisha tradition and ritual. The line has transformed my skin.''' ,'''The kitchen was the center of our household. I spent all of my time there growing up.''' ,'''My kids don't like chocolate. My husband doesn't like chocolate, so I get it all to myself.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of soups and stews because you can throw everything in a slow cooker and leave it there for hours. They taste great in containers, too, because they sit in the fridge, and the flavors meld overnight.''' ,'''At the end of the day, the Internet is full of mean people. Who are these people in their everyday life? I pray for them.''' ,'''People aren't going to like you 100 percent of the time.''' ,'''I started preparing meals for my family when I was 12 because both of my parents worked, but I didn't know that it was something I could make a career out of until I had my daughter and realized there were people out there who were interested in learning how to prepare a quick meal.''' ,'''I wanted to keep that message of food and family alive, and how it brings people together and builds relationships and communication.''' ,'''My husband has been an absolute angel for me. Always there when I need him as best he can.''' ,'''One food I've tried and I haven't grown at all to like - foie gras, I don't like it. I just don't. I've tried it several different ways, and I think it's a texture thing for me.''' ,'''I will say no matter how many times you go through pregnancy and then phase into newborn life, it never becomes routine or normal.''' ,'''If I'm just trying to play it cool, a nude lip always goes a long way.''' ,]
+++