+++
author = "Hank Stram"
title = "Hank Stram Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Hank Stram Quotes"
keywords = "hank stram,hank stram quotes,hank stram quote,hank stram sayings,hank stram saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You cannot win if you cannot run.''' ,'''We have what we call a dictator offense. We dictate to defenses by making them do what we want them to do. And we do it by creating formations.''' ,'''Football just isn't that complicated.''' ,'''The receivers are an integral part of the passing game.''' ,'''As I matriculate my way down the field of life, I will never forget this moment and you wonderful people who helped make this day possible.''' ,'''My philosophy? Simplicity plus variety.''' ,'''The honor I feel today being inducted into the Hall of Fame is beyond what words can describe. My thanks to the Hall of Fame committee, who saw fit to bestow this great honor upon me today.''' ,'''When I have the urge to get back to coaching, I lie down and wait until it passes.''' ,'''Someone said that friends are angels in disguise. If this is true, I have been surrounded by angels for most of my life.''' ,'''You can't be fat and fast, too; so lift, run, diet and work.''' ,'''You can't win unless you have good people with great attitude. They are the ones who won the games. I didn't win any games. You never saw a coach make a tackle anywhere. My philosophy was to get the best players and then try to do something new with them.''' ,'''I've lived a charmed life. I married the only girl I ever loved and did the only job I ever loved.''' ,'''I always felt if you were going to be successful, make sure you get good people. You win with great players. Coaches don't win games. Players win games.''' ,'''There are few secrets in football. So execute.''' ,'''Yesterday is a cancelled check. Today is cash on the line. Tomorrow is a promissory note.''' ,'''We want to create a problem for the defense, a moment of indecision as they figure out how they want to play against whatever formation we may show. We get a slight edge this way. Also, we create the opportunity for a defense to make more mistakes.''' ,]
+++