+++
author = "Colonel Sanders"
title = "Colonel Sanders Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Colonel Sanders Quotes"
keywords = "colonel sanders,colonel sanders quotes,colonel sanders quote,colonel sanders sayings,colonel sanders saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't fear that a man will wear out as quickly as he will rust out.''' ,'''Sitting in a rocker never appealed to me. Golf or fishing isn't as much fun as working.''' ,'''My life is devoted to business and supporting my family.''' ,'''I've read hundreds of cookbooks. For my money, they are the bird.''' ,'''There's no reason to be the richest man in the cemetery. You can't do any business from there.''' ,'''It came to me that the one thing I could do was cook. And I figured I couldn't do any worse than the people running these places around town.''' ,'''In 1968, 'Liberty Magazine' had an article about George Wallace in which he stated he would suggest me as a possible vice-presidential candidate, along with other choices such as 'Happy' Chandler and General Curtis LeMay. However, I am not interested in any political office in the United States or anywhere, now or back in 1968.''' ,'''No hours, nor amount of labor, nor amount of money would deter me from giving the best that there was in me.''' ,'''I've only had two rules: Do all you can and do it the best you can. It's the only way you ever get that feeling of accomplishing something.''' ,'''A lot of learned men think people really are the food they've eaten.''' ,'''I always hired widows with children, because they had to work and didn't have any foolishness about them.''' ,'''To me, my recipes are priceless.''' ,'''I could see it wasn't going to be easy. I couldn't give a franchise to any old greasy spoon. And I knew the chicken had to be cooked the way I told them to cook it if it was going to be as popular as it could be.''' ,'''I'm against retiring. The thing that keeps a man alive is having something to do.''' ,'''I've got no idea when I am going to retire. Whenever they pick me up and take me to the funeral home, I guess.''' ,'''I've read hundreds of cookbooks. Most of those cookbooks don't even tell you how to get a steak ready, how to bake biscuits or an apple pie.''' ,'''I am not too proud of having my name associated with some of my restaurants.''' ,'''You got to like your work. You have got to like what you are doing, you have got to be doing something worthwhile so you can like it - because it is worthwhile, that it makes a difference, don't you see?''' ,'''Don't be against things so much as for things.''' ,'''The food I've liked in my time is American country cookin'.''' ,]
+++