+++
author = "Angelina Pivarnick"
title = "Angelina Pivarnick Quotes"
quotes_len = "75"
description = "the best 75 Angelina Pivarnick Quotes"
keywords = "angelina pivarnick,angelina pivarnick quotes,angelina pivarnick quote,angelina pivarnick sayings,angelina pivarnick saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm starting to understand that no one should be denied the chance at happiness that marriage brings.''' ,'''I have my sister, my uncle, and that's it. I don't talk to my mother, I don't talk to my father.''' ,'''No offense to kids who have kids, but, ugh, I don't need that.''' ,'''I was really scared to get my boobs done. Having injections is easy peasy, but going under the knife, like that was my first time ever.''' ,''''Jersey Shore' won't be around forever.''' ,'''I'm not a malicious person.''' ,'''It's hysterical that I'm going to marry a garbage man.''' ,'''I don't think gays that should be married.''' ,'''I went to the city, behind my mom's back, and got my belly button pierced.''' ,'''I hang out with everyone from Long Island. I'm friends with everyone from Long Island.''' ,'''I am so excited about becoming a wife and having kids.''' ,'''I sleep at 6 P. M. most nights from depression.''' ,'''I like to eat crazy stuff at three o'clock in the morning.''' ,'''My family, growing up, we really didn't have tradition because my parents divorced when I was 11.''' ,'''I don't have a family really.''' ,'''I'm outgoing and friendly and usually get along with everybody.''' ,'''DMX is mad cool.''' ,'''I'm a bartender. I do, like, great things.''' ,'''I love gay people. I have a lot of friends that are gay. If you want to date each other, fine. We'll see how it works. But in the end, they should really go and marry the other type.''' ,'''I really can't lift weights because my back is injured from being an EMT.''' ,'''I would love to fight Snooki in the ring. Bring it on.''' ,'''I wouldn't want anyone to tell me that I couldn't marry the person I loved, and I don't want to do that to anyone else regardless of sexual orientation.''' ,'''The lies about me kissing '24' are so upsetting because this is something that has really been taking a toll on me, my fiance and my relationship.''' ,'''To have depression, it's such an uphill battle and I feel for everyone that has it because it's hard to have it.''' ,'''My parents didn't have a good relationship, my father was a cheater.''' ,'''I wasn't happy with my body and I knew I had to do something to make myself feel better. I was looking at myself in the mirror with agony, and I know a lot of women out there feel the same way.''' ,'''I'm living day by day. I'm not trying to the think about the past.''' ,'''There are firefighters in my family, plus my aunt is now an EMT, and I want to do it, I want to help save lives.''' ,'''God did not intend people to be gay.''' ,'''I'm kind of living my life, and I feel like I'm still young, I'm 34... I'm just enjoying married life and trying to deal with this COVID thing.''' ,'''I say if a woman wants to get plastic surgery, go for it.''' ,'''I wake up in the morning, I'll take a Boom Bod packet, you put it in the water, you mix it, you drink it. Then I'll either have a 310 Nutrition shake or I'll have a really light breakfast.''' ,'''I'm not one to keep my mouth shut!''' ,'''I think I have a good voice.''' ,'''I am a new Angelina, and I am happy America has seen the real me.''' ,'''I am working on getting the word out about the different ways that everyone can contribute to the ASPCA, and help the animals live a happy and healthy life.''' ,'''I was definitely bullied, basically. I was definitely the person that everybody blamed for everything.''' ,'''I see a therapist, I cry a lot.''' ,'''Planning my wedding and stuff, there's going to be reasons why people weren't there and nobody knows about why they're not going to be at my wedding.''' ,'''My weave was not cheap and if I'm willing to destroy my weave for you, that shows you I'm trying to be girls with you.''' ,'''I say what I feel. I say what's on my mind, but that's who I am. I've always been like that.''' ,'''I'm a wild card.''' ,'''I'm actually funny in real life.''' ,'''I found olive oil and grated cheese all over my bed. I picked up my comforter, and it was on my sheets, my pillow.''' ,'''I was very insecure with my body because of my weight loss from the first two seasons of 'Jersey Shore.'''' ,'''While I'm not thinking I'll be the next Britney Spears, as long as I'm happy with myself that's all I want.''' ,'''He was an abusive father. He was never a father to me growing up as a kid.''' ,'''I'm never going to lie to the fans or anybody that's going to DM me. I'm going to be honest. And that's really how I want to be forever.''' ,'''I've been doing my research and the benefits are really good with the FDNY, and it's like, this will be my career but if somebody wants to offer me a movie or an acting role, I can do that too.''' ,'''I am human and I have cellulite like many people.''' ,'''I was very insecure with the dresses I would have to wear to red carpet events.''' ,'''This is my third engagement. Third time's a charm!''' ,'''I was bullied to the fullest sense.''' ,'''I only canceled my social media because I was told to.''' ,'''Life is short but love your loved ones. Love them, kiss them every day because you don't know what's going to happen.''' ,'''I think other people like me can have their minds changed once they meet gay couples and families. We shouldn't ban love or marriage for a happy couple. That is un-American!''' ,'''When I was born, my father was in jail. He only had me because it was going to get him a lesser jail sentence... that's exactly... he told me that.''' ,'''Like all women, I am entitled to be treated with dignity and respect at work.''' ,'''I'm a very nice, down-to-earth person.''' ,'''I never really loved Pauly D. ever.''' ,'''I'm not gonna change for anyone. I think people should understand me for that.''' ,'''I like the nice, like, you know, good job, good head on his shoulders, good looking type guy.''' ,'''I tore my whole back, and I was never the same.''' ,'''Usually when you get your belly button pierced, you're supposed to get the hoop and you're supposed to heal around it. I basically got the gem right away - you're not supposed to do that.''' ,'''As many of you know, I have a dog, Peanut who is my love. She really got me thinking about what I could do to help, and animal rights are definitely something I want the world to care about!''' ,'''I've been struggling with depression due to a lot going on in my life. And sometimes it doesn't even have to be anything, I just get depressed out of nowhere.''' ,'''Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino called me a dirty hamster, but I cleaned that house up and down!''' ,'''I don't do squats.''' ,'''I'm really not a bad person.''' ,'''A, if you wanna be an actor, you don't pose for paparazzi.''' ,'''I do cardio.''' ,'''I'm very genuine to who I am, and I'm sorry if people don't like me now.''' ,'''I'm not going to sit there and be a doormat, you know what I mean?''' ,'''Forever I've wanted to help people, so I decided to go to school and do it.''' ,'''I always treat everyone with respect until they do something that shows they don't deserve it.''' ,]
+++