+++
author = "Reham Khan"
title = "Reham Khan Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 Reham Khan Quotes"
keywords = "reham khan,reham khan quotes,reham khan quote,reham khan sayings,reham khan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everyone knew in Pakistan that the military establishment was going to bring in Imran as PM and people did not want to risk the wrath of this powerful lobby.''' ,'''There is no merit in our political parties.''' ,'''A fascist individual and regime thrives on this perception of fear they build up.''' ,'''We should have equal rights. We should have equal opportunities. We should have equal opportunities for jobs.''' ,'''Love isn't always about hanging on. Sometimes it's about letting go.''' ,'''Actually my brother didn't think Imran was religious enough for me. I had to persuade him.''' ,'''If you think you can't do something, or can't have something, remember that perhaps it's just because you haven't given it a go yet.''' ,'''I think Imran has the tendency to pick the worst qualities from other politicians. What I meant when I told him to follow Modi's model was that gain experience of being a CM for ten years in a challenging province and then target the PM's chair.''' ,'''I'm not interested in getting a seat in parliament. Only if I feel that I can bring some change to the lives of people in Pakistan, I might consider joining a party.''' ,'''To me India is not much different from Pakistan. The problems are the same: poverty, hunger, abuse of human rights. The dreams are the same too - of providing for our families and giving the best education to our children.''' ,'''All painful events have a purpose, and mine has made my life what it is today.''' ,'''The top tip for parenting, especially for newly married couples or people trying to have a baby: you should want to have a child.''' ,'''Imran Khan is an exceptional father.''' ,'''Janaan' is very much a romantic comedy. It's light, fluffy and doesn't pretend to be anything serious.''' ,'''Women who are living near the borders are never included in peace talks. It's the woman, who sits in her air conditioned room and never leaves Lahore or Delhi, who participates in such talks.''' ,'''Maybe I wasn't meant to have everything - personal happiness doesn't seem to be on the cards.''' ,'''I became the face of a leading personal injury firm, and popularised the catchphrase 'Don't delay, Claim Today.' One of their adverts was targeted at the Pakistani and Indian community and became extremely popular as I appeared in it next to The King of Bollywood, Shah Rukh Khan.''' ,'''I am very clear that Pashtun rights should be provided.''' ,'''I married Imran Khan when he was not winning elections.''' ,'''Why shouldn't I or any other woman speak?''' ,'''I made the mistake of being too agreeable and catering to every need of my man.''' ,'''I'm a film buff.''' ,'''As a wife, you see and hear things. Imran always spoke about his links with the military.''' ,'''In the end, being Mrs Imran Khan couldn't protect me. Even the divorce announcement couldn't stop the hate campaign waged in the press to demolish my character.''' ,'''I am actually quite relieved that I didn't have to stand beside Imran Khan while he touted blasphemy laws, and his party targeted minorities. I wouldn't want to justify the indefensible.''' ,'''Women politicians in Pakistan have to deal with severe sexual harassment within their own parties and from their opponents.''' ,'''I'm the sort of person who panics if my family is not looking right.''' ,'''We must make it clear to younger girls that being someone's wife is not an achievement.''' ,'''I'm very talkative and I'm very chatty but, you know, you can't exactly with Imran Khan. You can't discuss the colour of the curtains; you can only talk politics. You cannot exactly discuss Bollywood films with him. God knows I tried.''' ,'''A bond that is strong can withstand any attack, rumour or pressure.''' ,'''I really think some people have an aptitude for being parents while others don't.''' ,'''I am in love with Pakistan.''' ,'''A woman might be from higher sociology economic background and in a high powered profession but may be enduring severe violence at home.''' ,'''I had this complex of being the perfect wife. This comes from the subliminal messages girls learn from a young age, so even independent, spirited women like me entertain such notions.''' ,'''I have always felt it was my duty to protect my family. After Imran became family, I defended him in every way.''' ,'''Good performance in government was never Imran's target.''' ,'''I can't live without Pakistan; so, yes, I will return. My children have declared me psychotic and crazy as a result, but I do wish to go back.''' ,'''The ideal woman is one that suffers quietly, dictates patriarchy.''' ,'''In politics, you must never forget that everything is analysed.''' ,'''I always maintain that rights always come with responsibilities.''' ,'''The vast majority of Pakistanis both home and overseas are very loving and respectful.''' ,'''On a daily basis, it's heartbreaking to see women put up with violence for years silently and feel ashamed of speaking out about it.''' ,'''I have the voice of a social activist and I have the voice of the Pakistanis as well. So I can't be bothered about what people think.''' ,'''Doormats are rarely valued. Men actually like women who are not that obsessed by the man in their life.''' ,'''I am keen to create opportunities for women and youth leaders. I want to get women voters registered and protected.''' ,'''Wars don't suit anyone.''' ,'''I categorically state that I did not participate in PTI politics. I was told to be engaged in certain activities as wives of politicians are asked to do all over the world.''' ,'''I am very impatient and get frustrated if results are not delivered in time.''' ,'''When you walk into the cinema you have to switch your phones off, you get involved with the big screen, you cry with the film, you laugh with the film. It actually drives the message home far stronger than when you quickly see it on your phone.''' ,'''We must find ways to encourage more professional women to participate in politics.''' ,'''Although people have different perceptions, I personally define myself as a mother. My life has been revolving around children since a young age. Before my marriage, I was involved with my siblings' kids, so I can be called a mother figure in the family.''' ,'''I give my children a lot of freedom, which I suppose a lot of parents don't do. I do have rules but nothing like no noise, no music.''' ,'''Those who are looking to seek power must make wise judgements.''' ,'''Belgian shepherds are hard work, but I realised that they were still easier than most grown men.''' ,'''People ask me how I've raised three children as a single parent but honestly, parenting has been a breeze.''' ,'''I married a man who convinced me that he loved me, who looked lonely and who I thought had the same ideas about life and the same goals, but we were just too different.''' ,'''In the Pakistani entertainment industry it's very, very difficult to get your foot in the door if you don't have a network in Karachi or Lahore or in the film circle.''' ,'''I was born in the middle of the Sahara desert while my parents were there and that's probably why I have a Bedouin spirit!''' ,'''The women in my family were worst critics.''' ,'''If you think you are doing the right thing, if you think you are on the right path, never be bullied. I've been bullied and I can tell you that I am one woman facing this system, patriarchy.''' ,]
+++