+++
author = "Neil Flynn"
title = "Neil Flynn Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Neil Flynn Quotes"
keywords = "neil flynn,neil flynn quotes,neil flynn quote,neil flynn sayings,neil flynn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I probably remember more about 'The Dick Van Dyke Show' than Dick Van Dyke does.''' ,'''I've always liked shows that have a strong cast of secondary characters. One of the greatest examples ever I would say is 'The Simpsons.' If you think about it, you could name 100 characters recognizable from that show. I think 'Scrubs' has done a good job of having a strong team coming off the bench.''' ,'''While 'The Middle' is still funny for adults to watch, there aren't sex jokes. And I'm fine with that. I like the idea that my nieces and nephews can watch it without their parents.''' ,'''On 'Scrubs,' I played a very unusual character who pretty much was defined by saying and doing strange things, so it was easy to improvise around that.''' ,'''I was so intimidated by the thought of improvising back in the '80s when I was in Chicago. I think the opportunity only even came up once that I can recall, and I turned down the offer. It was to go improvise in some club in the suburbs or something. Good God, I couldn't think of anything more frightening than to get up there without a plan.''' ,'''I saw 'Animal House' in the theater the night before I left for college. And for better or worse, it made an impression. Within a week, I was in a fraternity myself.''' ,'''I think 'Mean Girls' was a kind of significant movie. It was a very successful comedy, and it was also before 'Bridesmaids,' and it really launched some of today's biggest women in comedy.''' ,'''I have nothing to do with Facebook or the Internet - I don't know how to use half of it; I think I'm better off.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I'm a fan of Tarantino, per se, but I like several of his movies very much, probably 'Reservoir Dogs' the most of them.''' ,]
+++