+++
author = "Sonya Walger"
title = "Sonya Walger Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Sonya Walger Quotes"
keywords = "sonya walger,sonya walger quotes,sonya walger quote,sonya walger sayings,sonya walger saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Any time you cast an actor, you don't just cast that actor; you cast all their other performances as well.''' ,'''The word 'fate' doesn't really mean much to me in some ways. I think we make our own.''' ,'''I think 'Lost' is like losing a friend or a relative or someone. You can't replace it with another one.''' ,'''Minute by minute, you decide who you are and who you're likely to be. You make the choices hour by hour, just in the present. I don't believe there's some roadmap laid out that we're headed towards.''' ,'''I'm the absolute opposite of a hoarder.''' ,'''Life is full of contrasts.''' ,'''Having a family has made a huge difference in the roles I take, so doing a show in L.A. is a huge factor.''' ,'''To be honest I don't watch the show, I don't watch any TV, so I have no idea what the show is about. I go to Hawaii, shot my scenes and script and 'Ciao.' I'm not a 'Lost' fanatic and it's a disappointment for thousands people and friends that are dying to know what will happen. They know more than me.''' ,'''I like playing interesting, complicated women.''' ,'''We have 40 people over for Thanksgiving, 30 people for Easter lunch, 35 people on Christmas Eve. People tend to expect to spend their holidays with us, which is lovely and an expectation I carry with pride.''' ,'''There's always a pencil in my bag. I put everything in pencil in my datebook. I live in L.A. - everyone's flaky.''' ,'''I think intimacy is the last taboo in many ways.''' ,'''This is the joke of me being a part of 'Lost': I haven't met three-quarters of that cast.''' ,''''Lost' is an entity of its own. It's still such a culture touchstone that I think it'll be something people go back to for a long time, like 'Star Trek.' I'm just so amazed by the show's popularity.''' ,''''FlashForward' is definitely not a sci-fi show. It doesn't have the mythology of 'Lost.' We have one major event that happens that you are asked to buy into. After that, you're dealing with very human ripple effects - how people deal with it and how they come to terms with it.''' ,'''I really like investigating the things that make us human.''' ,'''You hope that when you're playing someone possibly unsympathetic that you can bring them something redeeming, something people can hang onto.''' ,'''You know, I just tend to do the scene that I'm given, really. If it really needs it, then I'll go to them and ask 'What's she talking about? What's she referring to?' But often they don't know, or they do know and they're not going to tell me, so I've learned just to work with what I'm given.''' ,'''I got married six weeks ago. It's just a sweet thing. I haven't got a better word for it. It's an enormous amount of sweetness.''' ,'''I've been quite protected from the whole 'Lost' phenomenon because I'm not one of the core cast. So I haven't had to do the press junkets that they have.''' ,'''I love cooking - I make dinner pretty much every night.''' ,'''I felt very unstressed on my wedding day. I'm very grateful for that... spending the day on my own, being super quiet and happy and just puttering around doing my own thing.''' ,'''I think the world's a little smaller these days. With the Internet and the availability of people, the pool of English speaking actors - not just American actors, but Brits, Australians, New Zealanders, Irish. We're all up for grabs.''' ,'''I always have Band-Aids, ideally ones with princesses on them, because they're the best.''' ,'''I was just on Broadway for four months, and the amount of fan mail that arrived at the theater was just overwhelming. I mean, I had no idea! I guess people suddenly had access to me and knew where to find me, so they got me there, and I was amazed.''' ,'''Oh, I am very old fashioned about my literature taste. I like Henry James. I like George Elliot. I like Dostoyevsky. I like the old people. I really do. I like people who write big, fat, juicy novels you can get completely lost in!''' ,'''There's no point of equilibrium. I'm either at home or at work, but what I try to do is to give my whole heart to wherever I am.''' ,''''Lost' holds a very special place in people's hearts and I wouldn't presume to say that 'FlashForward' will replace 'Lost.' I think it provides a lot of the same adrenaline and fascination and entertainment. It will help ease the pain of losing 'Lost!' I think it will appeal to the very same audience.''' ,'''Juggling is the word. I'm a bad juggler, and there are often balls dropped. There is no balance. The idea of work/life balance is a myth. There's teetering from one end and running to the other and hoping not to fall off.''' ,'''If there's a common denominator in all of the parts I've played, they are all strong women in tough situations.''' ,'''I have loads of lip balm and lip glosses. Eve Lom Kiss Mix is one that I love. I also use a Charlotte Tilbury lipstick in Amazing Grace. In a pinch, I'll put some on my cheeks as a blush.''' ,'''You can't leave the house without a toy car if you've got a son.''' ,'''I was a West Hollywood and Laurel Canyon girl for years, and it was so central that I felt like we'd moved to Portland when we came to Malibu, but now I can't imagine living anywhere else. We have the best of all worlds, hilltop living, 15 minutes from town, with the beach at the bottom of the road.''' ,'''My husband calls me 'throwy-outy' - he's horrified at how easily I dispense with things. People I won't let go of, but things, mementos from shows, I'm not particularly attached to.''' ,'''I have no idea what my draw is for science fiction. I hope they come to me because they like complicated women. But I've never played the Bionic Woman. In 'Sarah Connor' and 'Lost,' I am not the orchestrator of what happens. I've played quite peripheral people.''' ,'''I have a dialogue coach who helps me out with some of the more tricky Chicago vowel sounds.''' ,'''I had all this other life happening, and 'Lost' was this sort of seasoning - but it was never the main course. It was just this thing that I would nip off and do, so to be recognized for 'Lost' all the time is amazing.''' ,]
+++