+++
author = "Mustafa Kemal Ataturk"
title = "Mustafa Kemal Ataturk Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Mustafa Kemal Ataturk Quotes"
keywords = "mustafa kemal ataturk,mustafa kemal ataturk quotes,mustafa kemal ataturk quote,mustafa kemal ataturk sayings,mustafa kemal ataturk saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A nation which makes the final sacrifice for life and freedom does not get beaten.''' ,'''Do you want to be a man of today or a man of tomorrow?''' ,'''I always give much attention to military character and to psychological and morale conditions.''' ,'''I am my own policeman.''' ,'''Would not obeying to my mother's warnings, who is at least 25 years older than me, be returning to the past? And rebelling against her would mean ruining my mother's, who, I am convinced that, is a virtuous high woman, heart and evaluations. I do not find this right, either.''' ,'''No country is free unless it is democratic.''' ,'''I have established the republic. But today it is not clear whether the form of government is a republic, a dictatorship, or personal rule.''' ,'''The necessary thing for anyone to be happy and contented as long as he lives is working for the ones who will come after him rather than working for himself... One can reach the true delight and happiness in the life only by working for the existence, honor, and happiness of the future generations.''' ,'''I was born as a soldier and will die as one.''' ,'''God is my witness that up to now, my only aspiration in life is to be a useful element within the army! I have for long been convinced that, to safeguard the country and give happiness to the people, it is necessary first of all to prove once more to the world that our army is still the old Turkish army.''' ,'''I do not want history to record me as someone who has bequeathed to his nation the institution of despotism.''' ,'''Greatness consists in deciding only what is necessary for the welfare of the country and making straight for the goal.''' ,'''I will lead my people by the hand along the road until their feet are sure and they know the way. Then they may choose for themselves and rule themselves. Then my work will be done.''' ,'''I am pleased, with a feeling of good fortune, to be from Selanik. If you want to know the truth better, I feel that my chest is overflowing with a feeling of pride.''' ,'''Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women.''' ,'''Our aim is not to die. It is to carry out the revolution, to make a reality of our ideas. We must live, to get them accepted by the people.''' ,'''Ours is a fully democratic government, which in our language we call a people's government.''' ,'''The happiest ones are those who have a character which would prefer their services to be unknown to all generations.''' ,'''I am mortal. I want the nation to get used to freedom before I die.''' ,'''I have no religion, and at times I wish all religions at the bottom of the sea. He is a weak ruler who needs religion to uphold his government; it is as if he would catch his people in a trap.''' ,'''I have a characteristic since my childhood. I don't like living together with my mother, sister, or friends at my home. I have always preferred to be alone and independent and lived according to that.''' ,'''I have a reputation for drinking a lot. Indeed, I drink quite much. However, I give it up when I wish to do so. I never, ever drink while on duty. The drinking is only for my pleasure. I do not remember neglecting my duties because of drinking even once.''' ,'''There are two Mustafa Kemals: one is I, the flesh and bone Mustafa Kemal... the scond Mustafa Kemal I cannot describe with the word 'I.' That Mustafa Kemal is not I - it is 'We.' That Mustafa Kemal is the enlightened and warrior collectivity that is striving for the new thought, the new life, and the Great Ideal on every corner of this country.''' ,'''My people are going to learn the principles of democracy, the dictates of truth and the teachings of science. Superstition must go.''' ,'''Unless a nation's life faces peril, war is murder.''' ,]
+++