+++
author = "Jordan Rodgers"
title = "Jordan Rodgers Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Jordan Rodgers Quotes"
keywords = "jordan rodgers,jordan rodgers quotes,jordan rodgers quote,jordan rodgers sayings,jordan rodgers saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Ultimately, I ended up playing for three NFL teams. That's something I'm proud of, just to get to that level.''' ,'''I was never the most talented player on the field.''' ,'''I chose to stay close with my family and my parents and my brother.''' ,'''Going through your reads, there is always an answer. And if you consistently, from a mental standpoint as a quarterback, go through your reads, you always give your team a chance to win.''' ,'''Every relationship stands on its own, and it's successful or not successful for its own reason.''' ,'''I am a fan of Cam Newton. I love watching him play the game. He is an unbelievable talent: throwing the football, running the football.''' ,'''I'm defined by the character I have.''' ,'''I could've kept playing, but football didn't define me.''' ,'''I feel I'm my own quarterback and have accomplished my own things.''' ,'''I knew I'd get an opportunity, and it's up to me to make the most of it whether I got drafted or not. If you can play, you'll get to play, regardless of that.''' ,'''I've devoted my life to football.''' ,'''Family things are always tough, and they're always tough to address, let alone on a TV show.''' ,'''Having my name kind of pop out on a page more so than other people helped in recruiting, helped in a lot of different areas. But when it comes down to it and you're talking about professional football - you can either play, or you can't. They don't care what your last name is at the end of the day.''' ,'''I've had the liberty of having a lot of control in the offences I've been a part of because I get the game pretty well, and I pick things up fast.''' ,'''Footwork is the biggest element to any quarterback game because if it's off, it will mess with your mechanics.''' ,'''It's a different mind-set going into the off-season as a starter. The uncertainty from the team is gone, and your confidence grows.''' ,'''Everything that comes along with 'The Bachelorette' as far as the media was a crazy experience. Crazy fans and trolls and the things that come with the reality side of TV.''' ,'''Cam Newton, his best throw is better than anybody's best throw. I'm gonna say that right off the bat. But I will take consistency over volatile play any day of the week.''' ,'''Aaron would be the most invested in wanting to get me better. It's not that other people can't mentor me, but to have an older brother in a spot like that, he'd always have been helpful to me.''' ,'''First impressions are huge, especially with the coaching staff.''' ,'''I think early in my development as a quarterback, before I ever got a Division I college offer or anything, my brother was in the spotlight, first-round draft pick. People expected me to be him, but I was underdeveloped, undersized, unrecruited... so it was tough at that point.''' ,'''I've been overlooked and slighted every step of the way. I think that brings out the best in me.''' ,'''You know what never gets schemed or what never gets stymied? Going through your reads and completing balls.''' ,'''There's no scenario in which I wouldn't want my entire family at a wedding.''' ,'''Not having a great relationship with my brother Aaron, or what people think that relationship should be, didn't define me.''' ,'''What I can control is how I'll perform when I got to a team.''' ,'''I've carried my chip with me my entire career. I've had to fight and claw for every position I've had. I sat on the bench as a junior in high school, I had to compete my senior year in high school to get the job. I competed again at Vanderbilt before having success.''' ,'''Overall, there is very little in my life I enjoy more than college football.''' ,'''You'd be surprised how many fans I think are from 'The Bachelorette' will come up and say something about football.''' ,'''I don't really have a team that I root for.''' ,'''I did radio for a year and did some TV things, and I was already in place at ESPN before 'The Bachelorette' started.''' ,]
+++