+++
author = "Cheryl Cole"
title = "Cheryl Cole Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Cheryl Cole Quotes"
keywords = "cheryl cole,cheryl cole quotes,cheryl cole quote,cheryl cole sayings,cheryl cole saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I didn't know what I was in for when I joined 'The X Factor' - I underestimated it.''' ,'''What I will say is that business is not a nice area. And you might say that I am a business woman, but I'm not into cut-throat business moves.''' ,'''If I could be good at any sport, it'd be javelin. I know a few people I would love to throw a spear at.''' ,'''Team spirit spurs me on. I've always found it easier to be strong for other people than for myself.''' ,'''I don't think I'm a style icon, not at all. Sometimes I just want to rock out in me scruffs and me Uggs. You know, a really comfy old tracksuit with maybe a dollop of ketchup down the front.''' ,'''I believe in soulmates, yes, but I believe you also have to work at love. I happen to believe your soulmate doesn't have to be your partner - your soulmate could be your best friend, your sibling, it doesn't have to be the person you marry.''' ,'''I love Prince Harry. Good looking and a bit of a rebel. Me and his dad are as thick as thieves and I knew Harry before I knew his dad so we've met a few times. I think he's amazing. And I think you can relate to him because he's made mistakes. He's cool.''' ,'''I can act normally, and I can go out, but people around you don't act normally. If it was normal, I'd go out and have my dinner and nobody would be video-phoning me eating my dinner.''' ,'''I'm a very hands-on person; I don't just want to give my name to something and not be a big part of it.''' ,'''The reason I go for the designers is because they make me feel good. It's about finding clothes that make you feel good as a woman. If I like it, I'll wear it. You have to go with your instincts and not be led by trends.''' ,'''I'd love kids. I'm obsessed with babies. Of course I've thought about baby names. A million times. I like Alfie for a little boy.''' ,'''I just don't get boys; I don't really get men.''' ,'''Sisterhood is important to me.''' ,'''I couldn't see a future of doing anything other than performing. I didn't like school if I'm being honest. I would have settled for performing in any capacity.''' ,'''I'm not one of those people who holds a grudge about anything.''' ,'''Anybody that's been through a divorce, and I hope it's something people never have to experience, it's the worse thing in the world.''' ,'''I'm from a big family. I've got 10 nieces and nephews.''' ,'''My privacy is very intentional.''' ,'''I don't trust anybody in my life except my mother and my dogs.''' ,'''I can't hurt any more than I've been hurt, I can't cry any more than I've cried. I've been to the highest of highs and lowest of lows, so one day I'm going to find my middle ground and be happy.''' ,'''I still am very street - I just have nicer clothes. I'm not ashamed of that.''' ,'''All I ever wanted was to perform, make music, make videos.''' ,'''I know that is what I was put on Earth to do - to be a mother.''' ,]
+++