+++
author = "Lee Je-Hoon"
title = "Lee Je-Hoon Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Lee Je-Hoon Quotes"
keywords = "lee je-hoon,lee je-hoon quotes,lee je-hoon quote,lee je-hoon sayings,lee je-hoon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For the scene where I had to taste dirt, I was ready to do it for real. But our amazing art team said it would hurt my teeth and created fake dirt out of chocolate on ice cream Pig Bar.'''' ,'''It is essential to understand your fellow actors in order to naturally fit in with them.''' ,'''To be honest, it's true that revenge breeds more revenge, so the Rainbow Taxi crew had to think hard about what to do and how to resolve it.''' ,'''Looking back at how I have been selecting my characters, I tried to choose movies with social messages or ones with a unique genre.''' ,'''I believe I grow in life through movies.''' ,'''I started acting imagining how happy I would be if I could be on screen one day. I think I act because I love doing it.''' ,'''You can have everything and yet if you have no one by your side, you would be the loneliest person ever.''' ,'''I only want to exist as a character. I don't want people to think of the actor Lee Je-hoon when they see my roles.''' ,'''I hope viewers see me as an actor who always strives to try new characters and reinvent myself.''' ,'''But we all have experiences of having a truly good time after watching a movie that is not thought-provoking, don't we? I do too and I've been wishing to do that kind of movie. I think 'Collectors' is exactly that.''' ,'''Bleak Night' presented my first lead role in a long feature.''' ,'''Because I relate to the character a lot, my personality has changed after playing the role of Kang Dong-goo.''' ,'''It would be meaningful if 'Taxi Driver' were to reinterpret cases that were unresolved in the past. A 16-episode miniseries was too short to contain all the stories that we could have told.''' ,'''Director Lee Chang-dong's 1997 noir 'Green Fish.' I was attending middle school when I first watched the piece. And although I could not completely understand the film and where it was getting at, I still found it extremely powerful.''' ,'''I would like to have a filmography of the late Lee Je-hoon' list on Netflix or to have a DVD collection of my works. It would be a great honor.''' ,'''I just felt good working with peer actors around my age.''' ,'''I want to be remembered as the different characters I have portrayed.''' ,'''I never really tried comedy, so it was exciting to be part of one and to challenge myself that way.''' ,'''Before, I wished my acting and my identity to be strictly separated. I felt uncomfortable about showing who I am because I was afraid it would affect how audiences see my performance. But now my thoughts have changed. I think people these days accept that actors and the roles they play are separate.''' ,'''Taxi Driver' is about taking revenge for the people who were hurt.''' ,'''Personally, I would really like the entire production staff of Taxi Driver,' and all the characters including prosecutor Kang Ha Na, to come back together and continue the stories of Rainbow Taxi.''' ,'''In the past, I didn't speak up about the issues concerning the film crew. I was busy memorizing my lines and trying to maintain the continuity. But I've come to realize that it's really important for us, as actors, to encourage the crew and create the perfect atmosphere so that they can bring out the best in themselves.''' ,'''You have to think about the consequences of actions, and if they're negative, that shouldn't be your choice.''' ,'''Lee Chang-dong, Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho. I think the three filmmakers tell the stories that they really want to tell. Their movies always reveal what they think must be told. I have a lot of respect for that.''' ,'''I hope many people can indulge themselves in the power of audio cinema.''' ,'''I'm interested in characters that make me curious.''' ,'''In 'Move to Heaven,' my character tries to listen and find out stories about the deceased and convey them to their families.''' ,'''The characters I like offer a room for imagination about their untold past and future, even when the given scripts don't explain enough about them.''' ,]
+++