+++
author = "Douglas Wilson"
title = "Douglas Wilson Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Douglas Wilson Quotes"
keywords = "douglas wilson,douglas wilson quotes,douglas wilson quote,douglas wilson sayings,douglas wilson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was supposed to be the antithesis of Frank.''' ,'''I've made an incredible amount of money stealing fans from homeowners.''' ,'''I'm opinionated. I always stick to my design plan. I don't waver.''' ,'''I see the same coffee table everywhere. It's mass marketing.''' ,'''They don't know they're living in a glass house.''' ,'''I look at each episode in two ways - from a design standpoint and from an entertainment standpoint - this is TV, after all. We usually succeed on at least one of the levels.''' ,'''Being in the design industry, I've tended to meet more people who are affected by HIV and AIDS.''' ,'''It's a character I've created. Actually, that's pretty much the opposite of me, off a farm in the Midwest.''' ,'''I'm very flattered, but I don't think I'm the sexiest man on the planet.''' ,'''Yeah, I spent about 20 years in a dorm room. It took me a while to graduate.''' ,'''You have to put your own personality into your home. Do what you feel is you!''' ,'''Inexpensive is good.''' ,'''Why stress tomorrow when you can stress today?''' ,'''Use plants to bring life.''' ,'''There is no such thing as a guilty pleasure.''' ,'''In two days, it's hard to to get the quality you would normally want for a design project.''' ,'''There are lighter colors of granite and I like to break the rules.''' ,'''I gave the couple a hint of a design that would work great with the bones of their home. They weren't ready for it, and they embarrassed themselves and that's too bad.''' ,'''I'm having the time of my life and I'm glad people are enjoy it.''' ,'''Little did we know it would be watched by millions of people and break viewing records.''' ,'''A challenge always is good. Normal design does not come under the constraints of a small budget and time frame. But it has helped me to make quick and knowledgeable decisions.''' ,'''I know people don't think I work.''' ,'''Whether it was working on theatre sets or stage lighting, I didn't realize most all of the skills I was exposed to were going to come in handy later on when I became a designer.''' ,'''Designing is a lot like a high-wire act - if the tightrope walker is only six inches off the ground, where's the excitement?''' ,'''I've had rooms that didn't come out to my liking.''' ,'''I've enjoyed being a part of something from the beginning, when we were still finding our footing.''' ,'''I enjoy talking to fans.''' ,'''Throughout the country, I see the same design problems and solutions over and over.''' ,'''What people respond to in my room makeovers is the daring design - fearless colors, bold fabrics and occasionally outlandish decor.''' ,'''I am the young, edgy New Yorker.''' ,]
+++