+++
author = "Jaya Prada"
title = "Jaya Prada Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jaya Prada Quotes"
keywords = "jaya prada,jaya prada quotes,jaya prada quote,jaya prada sayings,jaya prada saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Because the state I was in, contesting elections with Azam Khan, as a woman, with acid attack threats, threat to my life... I couldn't even tell my mother if I would come back alive whenever I left from home.''' ,'''I never discriminate between roles being offered.''' ,'''It's rare for someone to give you a helping hand when you're going through rejection.''' ,'''My political career has enriched my knowledge about staying away from negative vibes.''' ,'''I am quite impressed with the growth of Punjabi films. I've witnessed its make-over; it is no more just a regional industry.''' ,'''The moment I said I am open to doing films, I started getting a lot of offers.''' ,'''I am glad that I made my television debut with 'Perfect Pati,' a show that portrays a mother and her role as a mother-in-law in such a strong positive light.''' ,'''Azam Khan has killed industry in Rampur and I want to turn the clock around.''' ,'''I don't differentiate between films and TV, particularly Hindi serials.''' ,'''Even while rendering my service in politics, I worked honestly.''' ,'''People have been saying that Amar Singh is more of an intellectual than a grassroot politician but we will prove them wrong. We will pick up problems, explore them in a realistic way and present them in parliament.''' ,'''The UPA government talks more and works less. Most of its schemes look impressive on paper while they are not implemented properly at the grassroots level even in Congress-ruled states.''' ,'''You have to make efforts to overcome the hurdles in love.''' ,'''I joined politics to serve the society, but we have to be careful about whom we are getting associated with. Many parties cash-in on our popularity; stars become the bridge to garner them votes, so we have to be careful about it.''' ,'''Jaya Prada isn't weak and Azam Khan would know this soon. I will defeat him. I am confident about it.''' ,'''I had to learn Odissi dance and it is a very difficult discipline.''' ,'''At the height of my film career I joined politics because I felt I had more to do than just act.''' ,'''Happiness is a feeling of your own achievement, and it signifies goals.''' ,'''I moved to the SP. I worked for them for 10 years. But they don't have any ideology. They work only for Muslim votes because that's how they feel they will win.''' ,'''The love I have got from the people is amazing. It overwhelms me.''' ,'''For the past nine years as MP of Rampur,I was staying at Modi Hotel. It was a second home to me.''' ,'''I want healthy politics, I do not wish to cry anymore in politics.''' ,'''I have worked with NT Rama Rao, Chandra Babu and with Mulayam Singh Yadav too, and with SP particularly I had bitter experiences in my 10-year tenure at Rampur.''' ,'''Azam Khan brought me to Rampur, but it was Amar Singh who brought me to SP.''' ,'''We need to raise our voice against the use of drugs and we need to save our youth.''' ,'''Bollywood looks only at the box office numbers. If the film earns money, it is usually because of the hero and the director. It is about Salman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan.''' ,'''Even as a sitting MP from a party, I wasn't spared. Azam Khan harassed me. He attempted an acid attack on me.''' ,'''When I did my first Hindi film, 'Sargam,' I had to play a dumb girl. Critics went to town saying that since I was a south Indian and didn't know how to speak Hindi, producers of the movie decided to make me play dumb.''' ,'''For a person who's scared of the dark, I've sure come a long way.''' ,'''I feel very ashamed to have chosen a brother like Azam Khan. Maybe it was a wrong choice for me to call him a brother and he proved in reality he is not the person he pretends to be.''' ,'''Singing was always my love.''' ,'''I am impressed with Narendra Modi's leadership, the way he is taking India ahead and encouraging others to do so.''' ,'''The BJP works for the people. For development, for women, for the poorest of the poor. That is the ideology. I identify with it.''' ,'''Politics and acting are two parallel paths of my life.''' ,'''I have an emotional attachment with the people of Rampur.''' ,'''Amar Singh ji helped the Bachchan family and he did a lot and stood through thick and thin. But when he was hospitalized, where was Jaya ji? Where was Amit ji?''' ,'''Those who call Bharat Mata as 'dayan,' who does not acknowledge Kashmir as part of India and use foul language against our PM Modi and CM Yogi Adityanath, stands exposed before people. Their anger is visible when I meet them and they share their views.''' ,'''Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life. Think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other thought. This is the way to success.''' ,'''Simplicity and honesty make a person most graceful, but in today's world, they are overrated.''' ,'''I was abused by certain political leaders even though the janta loved me.''' ,'''Whenever I sign a couple of films, people say I'm not paying attention to my constituency. Whenever I go to Rampur or elsewhere, people ask me about my films. It is strange, really.''' ,'''While growing up, girls are being conditioned to feel that they have to accept their husbands any way.''' ,'''I hated being compared to others.''' ,'''I've received love in both politics and filmdom.''' ,'''I have been a hard-working politician.''' ,'''The main advantage Sridevi and I had was that we acted in films which were South remakes. What we had done in the South, we did the same in Hindi.''' ,'''I have never neglected my constituency for my film career.''' ,'''I am equally active in both politics and acting. That's not all, I also run educational institutes and have a dance group called Amrapali.''' ,'''Every girl has a dream - she wants a perfect husband. But that is not possible. There will be ego clashes and one has to compromise.''' ,'''When I was watching 'Padmaavat,' Khilji's character reminded me of Azam Khan ji, how he had harassed me during elections when I was contesting.''' ,'''During earlier occasions, I was fighting big parties - the BJP, Congress and BSP - and had also to face factional fight within the SP. I had to take on Sonia Gandhi, Mayawati and Azam Khan. I did have the support of Mulayam Singh Yadav though.''' ,'''I completely support Ravi Kishan ji's remarks about saving youth from the problem of drug trafficking/addiction.''' ,'''When a road is made, we can't say only the Hindus will walk on it, if a road is being construction, both Hindus and Muslims will walk on it.''' ,'''I think politics and films are a great combination. Still, I have the urge in me to do really good roles. But I feel isolated at times when politicians treat me like a film star and the industry treats me like a politician.''' ,'''People have a wrong notion that film stars don't make good politicians. I must tell those who address stars with derogatory comments that people like us work for the betterment of their constituency with heart and soul.''' ,'''When I had won the elections two times, the atmosphere of Rampur was completely different. But the BJP's Hindu vote, they always voted for me and ensured my win.''' ,'''I can't be stopped from offering my respect to places of worship.''' ,'''Mulayam Singh Yadav has deceived Muslims by making false promises for their welfare.''' ,'''I am a politician but I am also an actress and you do need glamour in politics.''' ,'''I don't want to sing songs around trees anymore.''' ,'''It is imperative that mothers understand their child's behavior and not blindly support the wrongdoings or faults in their sons.''' ,'''Azam Khan has made me the focus of his campaign. I have for long been suffering his tongue-lash. It only reflects his state of mind. He does a lot of drama.''' ,'''It is unfortunate that nobody has highlighted the work done by actor-turned-politician Sunil Dutt.''' ,'''I set up a centre for zari-zardozi artists near Paharganj.''' ,'''I feel happy whenever people compliment me.''' ,'''Even in the political arena, we need good people to join politics. I believe women can lead the country.''' ,'''For me, the rules of politics are 3 Ds which stand for devotion, dedication and determination.''' ,'''Whatever they are showing in the film 'Manikarnika,' I feel I was like that.''' ,'''I have sung a couple of songs in Telugu and Hindi films, but I was not happy with that. So, I thought of doing an album. I do not know how people will react.''' ,'''It is only because of the love of masses that I am campaigning for the SP.''' ,'''With the BJP cadre around with me, things have become much easier.''' ,'''As a film actor, I connected to the people on the good and positive things. But, as a politician I feel the pain and miseries.''' ,'''I'm listening to scripts and would like to play characters that'd strike a chord with the masses.''' ,'''The Samakhya Andhra wants Hyderabad and so does Telengana. The only solution I see is for Hyderabad to be declared a Union Territory like Delhi, so that it can be with both of them.''' ,'''As an actress I have faced the camera a lot many times but you always feel nervous before the first shot.''' ,'''My passion is dancing and music.''' ,'''Srideviji was a great human being, a fabulous dancer, a tremendous actress and above all, a wonderful mother.''' ,'''I want to do work to ease the problems of my constituents.''' ,'''Everyone is impressed by Modi-ji's leadership. Many big leaders want to work with him. Similarly, as an activist, I want to join the party.''' ,'''I think the world is surrounded by love.''' ,'''Unlike most politicians who speak only from their mind, Amar Singhji thinks and speaks both from his mind and heart.''' ,'''I've been dancing since I was five or six.''' ,'''Every politician goes through a lean patch during which they go back to their main area of expertise. Some return to business, some practice law, and I... have come back to cinema.''' ,'''I have had a comfortable and successful working relationship with Bokadia. We have done successful films together.''' ,'''I feel pity for Mayawati that joined hands even with rival Akhilesh Yadav only in an attempt to stop Narendra Modi.''' ,'''I've never gone by what others think.''' ,'''I want to join BJP as a party worker. I am not craving for any post or opportunity to contest any elections.''' ,'''I want to play roles of substance, where I have something to contribute, where I can help push forward a thought.''' ,'''So many people have helped me in my life, and Amar Singh ji is my godfather.''' ,'''I am sure the people of Rampur will once again give me a chance to represent them.''' ,'''Politics kept me busy for a long time; I enjoyed my experience and learnt a lot.''' ,'''I've been on the lookout for meaningful roles, not just the glamorous ones.''' ,'''I love to challenge myself all the time.''' ,'''I am dedicated, adamant and committed. Although these three qualities can be considered as minus points in a woman but for me, this is a blessing.''' ,'''Amid all the horror films releasing in Tamil Nadu, 'Uyire Uyire,' with its focus on romance, will be a relief.''' ,'''SP is the only party which can put in efforts for the development of the State. Therefore, I request Kanpurites to vote for the SP candidate and ensure progress of the city.''' ,'''The national party's well-disciplined cadre and election machinery is working round the clock for me.''' ,'''Azam Khan must be barred from contesting polls.''' ,'''Jayasudha and I have acted in several films and it is my duty to campaign for her.''' ,'''I can't do the conventional heroine's role.''' ,]
+++