+++
author = "Bar Refaeli"
title = "Bar Refaeli Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Bar Refaeli Quotes"
keywords = "bar refaeli,bar refaeli quotes,bar refaeli quote,bar refaeli sayings,bar refaeli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Modeling gave me an opportunity to be someone I'm not each day.''' ,'''My everyday job is about superficial beauty, but when I'm not working I prefer to work on my inner beauty - I read a lot, I try to learn.''' ,'''My mum is my beauty icon, because she represents what I think beauty is.''' ,'''Justin Bieber and I are going to get married some day. I also like Tom Cruise. He's very classy.''' ,'''The year hasn't started yet and it's already been the best I've ever had.''' ,'''My make-up artist, she uses bronzer on the eyelids too. And also a little bit on the forehead to make everything look even.''' ,'''I usually go make-up free when I'm not working. Because I work so much, during the free days that I have I like to let my skin breathe, but of course I'm girly so I like to put on some blush and some mascara.''' ,'''The one thing I'm absolutely obsessed with lately are gadgets! New cell phones; I walk around with three phones because I have all the new ones, and I can't choose which I prefer.''' ,'''Happiness is when you love who you are and you are able to accept yourself and others.''' ,'''I don't know who Little Richard is.''' ,'''I get to travel, see the world, meet people and be independent. I feel blessed.''' ,'''As a little girl, I was always shy, but in front of the camera I wasn't.''' ,'''Since I was 8 months old, till I was 12, I did commercials and ads and cute little stuff for kids. Then I had braces on my teeth. They took them off when I was 16, and then I started modeling more seriously and doing more fashion.''' ,'''These 'Sports Illustrated' people, they know how to hold a secret.''' ,'''Every time I come home, and every time before I leave, I invite all my friends and I get hummus from this little shack in Tel Aviv called Baadunas.''' ,]
+++