+++
author = "Naya Rivera"
title = "Naya Rivera Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Naya Rivera Quotes"
keywords = "naya rivera,naya rivera quotes,naya rivera quote,naya rivera sayings,naya rivera saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I used to be a workout fiend and I was so unhappy because I wanted to eat what I wanted to eat. So now if I know I have to be in a bikini, I'll obviously watch what I eat for a week.''' ,'''My passion for music is one of my greatest loves.''' ,'''Honestly, I never thought I'd actually be playing a teen lesbian. I didn't think it was going to go this far. But I'm glad that it did, because there have been a lot of fans who have expressed that they've been going through similar situations in their lives.''' ,'''It's on my bucket list, to get in a real fight.''' ,'''I think it's important to be able to say that you did live a normal life and struggled to make ends meet. It all has to do with work ethic and how I apply myself to my awesome job now. I've always been used to working because I've been working since I was four.''' ,'''I want to play Lena Horne because I've always been fascinated with her. Her talent was astounding and more than that, her life story is incredible.''' ,'''I will admit to hoarding beauty products. I'm a beauty lady.''' ,'''Getting hit on by both genders is such a champagne problem.''' ,'''If you think back to your first love, you always remember them and little things always remind you of them.''' ,'''I am half Puerto Rican, a quarter German and a quarter black. That was always a big issue for me - being mixed race - because casting directors tended to be very like, 'OK, are you Hispanic for this role?' 'Or is she going to be African American?'''' ,'''From the time I was 16 to really up until turning 21, the roles were really, really few and far between. I had people say that I just wasn't a good singer. They didn't know what to do with me; I would never fit in any markets. I almost quit acting altogether.''' ,'''I find it's really hard for anybody to meet anyone. I'm not big on dates anyways. I still have to work that out.''' ,'''I love hot yoga. I go to a sculpt class with weights. That's really good for the core and it's obviously super hot. I love cardio bar. I'm not a big gym fan, so I like to go to classes.''' ,'''For people to even think that I'd be considered or a good candidate for a supporting actress nomination is mind blowing to me.''' ,]
+++