+++
author = "Daniel Nestor"
title = "Daniel Nestor Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Daniel Nestor Quotes"
keywords = "daniel nestor,daniel nestor quotes,daniel nestor quote,daniel nestor sayings,daniel nestor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I definitely think the way the game is transforming, becoming more and more athletic, guys are great athletes out here and relying on the physical skills more than their tennis skills, almost, sometimes. So for that reason, matching up with some of these guys, I can't keep up.''' ,'''Wimbledon is the most prestigious tournament we have, and being able to win it with all the tradition, that's always been a dream of mine.''' ,'''Every time something happens, whether I've won the most or lost the most, there's always 'oldest' tied to it. It's not a surprise anymore.''' ,'''My parents are proud to be Canadian, as I am. They had a lot to do with my success and sacrificed a lot over the years.''' ,'''It's a lot of hard work, competing and not giving up. I think you get more appreciated the older you get.''' ,'''Definitely the life and the camaraderie with the other players is something I appreciate a lot more now. I was very shy when I was younger and didn't always enjoy the lifestyle.''' ,'''I've never been one to be too careful with my diet. If I really start watching what I eat, I'm already a thin guy - I just won't have any physical strength. I think I'll disappear if I don't eat what I need to eat or what I like to eat.''' ,'''Guys are bigger, stronger, just like in singles, serving bigger, returning better, and more athletic for sure. I think from my standpoint, just spending more time in the gym has enabled me to hang in there.''' ,'''Tennis Canada nominated me a few years ago, and I did some research into it and realized it's one of the biggest honours you can have as a Canadian. I've seen the list of the people, and it's pretty special.''' ,'''I'm pretty professional. I'm very aware when I'm not playing well and what I need to improve. I'm pretty motivated to fix things. There are guys out there who are not realistic; they don't like to take blame for certain things they don't do well. That's the nature of doubles sometimes: it's easy to find faults in your partner.''' ,'''The way I've approached my career, I've always tried to be pretty good at everything. I think if you ask players about my game, they would say I'm pretty good at everything, but I don't think they'd say I'm the best at certain things. Maybe that's my strength, not having a serious weakness or many weaknesses. I just try and be solid.''' ,]
+++