+++
author = "Tre Cool"
title = "Tre Cool Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Tre Cool Quotes"
keywords = "tre cool,tre cool quotes,tre cool quote,tre cool sayings,tre cool saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm the greatest rock and roll drummer on the planet and you suck.''' ,'''Everyone is entitled to our opinion.''' ,'''School is practice for the future, and practice makes perfect and nobody's perfect so why bother.''' ,'''I never completed high school and I am very rich and very successful.''' ,'''The one thing about Billie is he will snap and rip your head off if you point anything out at all other than how beautiful he is and how nice he looks today.''' ,'''I didn't have a normal childhood by any means.''' ,'''A lot of drummers get sidetracked by the instrument. It can engulf you.''' ,'''I wanna survive an avalanche. I wanna be one of those people a dog finds buried under a ton of snow, almost dying of starvation.''' ,'''I didn't have a normal childhood by any means. But it was what it was, and I appreciate what my parents did for me.''' ,'''We're charging what we're worth and we don't think we're worth $22.50. We take a lower cut than Pearl Jam.''' ,'''I like Fisher Price music, nursery rhymes, and the alphabet song.''' ,'''I wish people would turn off their computers, go outside, talk to people, touch people, lick people, enjoy each other's company and smell each other on the rump.''' ,'''You gotta stick your neck out and put out a record that isn't safe... that's the Green Day way!''' ,'''It's not how you pick your nose, it's where you put that booger that counts.''' ,'''I had trouble fitting in, in a musical sense. A lot of drummers get sidetracked by the instrument. It can engulf you.''' ,'''I've been working on my relationship with my parents and my sister over the years.''' ,'''I caught on fire twice on the stage, but I was promptly put out. It was just my leg.''' ,'''Smoke 'em if you got 'em.''' ,'''We have a thin candy shell, I'm surprised you didn't know that.''' ,'''Back in '93 and '94, when 'Dookie' was being made, my dad built this tour bus for us, out of a bookmobile. We toured in it for the first year. It was a really bad idea, by the way.''' ,'''I always said the world is a better place because of Joey Ramone.''' ,'''I've been working on my relationship with my parents and my sister over the years. We have become more close. I think having kids makes you want to keep the gang together.''' ,'''I have a homosexual crush on most adolescents.''' ,'''I am no longer married, so ladies... there you go.''' ,'''The album was very agressive. It kicks you right in the balls.''' ,'''Punk rock has become another viable art form. It always was. But now it's like everyone's doing it.''' ,'''I'm not exactly sure how many kids I have, but yes, I do miss them officially, for the record. In case any of them are listening, I love you.''' ,'''It was time to raise the bar higher, or lower if you're doing limbo.''' ,]
+++