+++
author = "Lucy Griffiths"
title = "Lucy Griffiths Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Lucy Griffiths Quotes"
keywords = "lucy griffiths,lucy griffiths quotes,lucy griffiths quote,lucy griffiths sayings,lucy griffiths saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The complaint with me being on stage was always that I was slightly too naturalistic and not projecting enough. I've got quite a soft voice, so that didn't help.''' ,'''I talked my parents into sending me to Roedean at 16. I had this idea that if I could get into Cambridge, then I could join Footlights. My problem was that I went to a comprehensive in Brighton. I thought I'd have to start from a good school, and the best I could think of was Roedean.''' ,'''Professionally, I did a couple of operas when I was in school, when I was 18.''' ,'''I fight like Bruce Lee. I train in his style of kung fu, wing chun. It's all about fighting with controlled power, so you learn to punch correctly.''' ,'''I mostly did musicals and concerts when I was younger, and then I realized I don't quite have the voice for it, so I went into acting, which I enjoy more.''' ,'''Your personal life is something that's gonna last forever, and your career in stage, film, television, whatever, is not necessarily going to do that, so to keep the two separate's a very good thing.''' ,'''When I do watch things, they tend to be a lot of comedies. I actually like some of the British comedy series. But, on the whole, I'm not a huge viewer of anything.''' ,'''You either end up on a good, fun show that's successful, or you have that question mark in your future, and you know that you don't know what's going to happen, which is exciting.''' ,'''My biggest fear is looking weak, girly, and pathetic.''' ,'''I know that some people think differently about pilots, but I really enjoyed shooting 'Awakening'.''' ,'''I don't watch a great deal of television because I don't have a television, and I don't have a huge catalog of films that I've watched, either.''' ,'''Catherine Zeta-Jones started out like me. Her big break in Hollywood was in 'Zorro.'''' ,]
+++