+++
author = "Pete Davidson"
title = "Pete Davidson Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Pete Davidson Quotes"
keywords = "pete davidson,pete davidson quotes,pete davidson quote,pete davidson sayings,pete davidson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always wanted my stand-up to feel like not just a show, but like you're hanging out with someone for an hour. I like to just talk.''' ,'''I really wish that I was, like, strong enough to not go online.''' ,'''I was the class clown in high school, but I always took it too far, so nobody liked me. I was annoying. Like, I would get a laugh and then keep going and keep going.''' ,'''I don't let a lot of people know about my dad dying on 9/11. It's not a way to introduce yourself. So I never told anybody, and then I would do jokes about it... and I think people thought I was lying about it. Which would be crazy!''' ,'''I have to do stand-up. I have to do something comedy-involved every day, or else I will lose my mind.''' ,'''You can't say whatever you want on network television.''' ,'''I got rid of Twitter, and I got rid of Facebook.''' ,'''Things that I feel really sad about, I talk about. That way, if it's funny, it doesn't hurt anymore.''' ,'''I started doing stand-up when I was 16, my junior year in high school. My two friends and I would sit at home watching stand-up. They kept saying I should try it, and so I did.''' ,'''There have been a couple of times when kids that weren't nice to me in high school are like, 'Hey, man!' And I'm just like, 'Yeah. Thank you very much.'''' ,'''I get nervous all the time. The only time I'm not nervous is onstage, which is weird.''' ,''''SNL' has changed my career because it gave it a platform to be seen. And I really feel like the Weekend Update desk is where I am given the opportunity to shine on that show.''' ,'''When my dad died, I had to go to therapy.''' ,'''I have no idea how to do sketches, believe it or not.''' ,'''I'm the most awkward person in the world, but onstage, I'm completely fine. I could run around in a thong and not care.''' ,'''There are people for everybody, and luckily, I found mine.''' ,'''My jokes have definitely changed. 'SNL' has helped with that, because when you're on 'SNL,' you have to kind of pay attention to the news. I feel like my material has gotten smarter now.''' ,'''I feel bad for kids growing up that, like, their favorite rapper is Lil Yachty.''' ,'''I'm not the first person to say this, but communication at 'SNL' - I don't want to say it's not good, but unless you ask questions, you will not know what's going on.''' ,'''I don't like going out. I'm more of a watch TV, hang out, Netflix kind of guy. I don't like leaving; I don't like talking to people. It gives me anxiety.''' ,'''I feel like every time I tweet, I lose money.''' ,'''I bombed so much as a standup that messing up doesn't matter to me anymore. I kind of enjoy bombing sometimes - I try and make everybody hate me more. Like, once I know it's not going well, I can just have fun.''' ,]
+++