+++
author = "Dan Hicks"
title = "Dan Hicks Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Dan Hicks Quotes"
keywords = "dan hicks,dan hicks quotes,dan hicks quote,dan hicks sayings,dan hicks saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's some pictures of me playing hollow bodies, but I never last long. I always come back to the acoustic.''' ,'''I was always looking to record, but how much I actually pursued it was another thing. The major labels weren't that interested in me, and the smaller labels didn't have any money to do anything.''' ,'''I don't dictate the solos and I don't dictate the vocal harmonies.''' ,'''I had different bands. I played with the Acoustic Warriors for the most part, without girl singers. It was the same kind of sound, acoustic guitar, bass, with violin and sometimes accordion, and the guys would sing, that kind of thing.''' ,'''There's been a big buzz about the Charlatans in the last couple of years. I've heard the word Charlatans more in the last few years than I'd heard it for the previous 20 years. People would interview me for years and never even mention the Charlatans.''' ,'''There've been periods where I had to convince the audience or win them over.''' ,'''I guess my idea of a good audience is one that's quiet and listens, but also that's alive: they respond, they're getting the jokes, they're with me. And that' s been happening.''' ,'''I haven't been drinking for years now. Something's got to give. I don't mind that I'm a guy that's stopped drinking, though this interview is making me mighty thirsty.''' ,'''My stuff was more of a folk coffeehouse thing, with more acoustic guitar, just me doing a single, and then adding on instruments and voices, with emphasis on lyrics and singing and light kind of acoustic jazz.''' ,'''About 10 years ago, I took some vocal lessons. I'll bet that helped. I got a tape of exercises that the girl gave me, which I don't do anymore, but they were good. And I don't smoke.''' ,'''Right now, I'm thinking in terms of just having a good band, man. Having a good act for the stage. Being a good performer, you know? Connected to that is future recordings, and future tunes, that kind of stuff.''' ,'''I don't think I'd want a revival. I'm not doing a tribute to myself.''' ,'''It's not about retro or modern, it's about this note or that note, which sounds better?''' ,'''And it really is a good feeling to get up there and make that sound. I'm not stuck in a time warp, because I can use as many of the old songs as I want to, just the favorites.''' ,]
+++