+++
author = "Gerardo Martino"
title = "Gerardo Martino Quotes"
quotes_len = "65"
description = "the best 65 Gerardo Martino Quotes"
keywords = "gerardo martino,gerardo martino quotes,gerardo martino quote,gerardo martino sayings,gerardo martino saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just want to say that aside from Atlanta United, any national team gives you a little bit more free time. I don't want to get completely into the analysis. There are different responsibilities compared to clubs and national team.''' ,'''It is a pleasure to see Leo, an Argentine, as the top scorer in the Champions League.''' ,'''We want to play beautiful football; we are committed to that.''' ,'''Probably the Liga MX or the American league, there are a higher number of competitive games than in the Spanish league or the English league.''' ,'''That is the problem we have in Argentina: we do not sit down and think.''' ,'''If I get a lucky win, it is difficult to sustain that over time, so we have to maintain a style.''' ,'''I'm leaving Atlanta the same way I arrived, with great affection for the fans and a mutual respect.''' ,'''I try not to make comparisons between who I've coached. And I haven't always coached the best in the world.''' ,'''I really do not care that Messi isn't scoring every match. Leo always produces match-changing moments.''' ,'''After a big defeat, any player feels affected - it is about how long he needs to recover.''' ,'''I always said in my career as a footballer, I owe everything to Newell's. But as a coach, I owe everything to Paraguay.''' ,'''It is hard to enjoy life in a national team.''' ,'''Argentina against Brazil is the most important derby between national teams.''' ,'''I will always vote for Messi for Golden Ball.''' ,'''There are no words to describe Leo. He continues to break records every time one is put in front of him.''' ,'''It doesn't affect my authority if I change my stance on something. If I have to reconsider a decision, I will.''' ,'''I'm very demanding of myself.''' ,'''All I learned in Barcelona was about being surrounded by stars, by the best in the world.''' ,'''I have the advantage of having worked with Messi and Mascherano at Barcelona.''' ,'''When you have the chance to finish off your opponent, you must do it. You shouldn't give them chances to come back.''' ,'''At the beginning of my career, I wasn't coaching players like Messi.''' ,'''If I have learned anything from my coaches, it's that the next game is the most important. The next game is the one that gives you confidence or gets you into trouble.''' ,'''To speak about the criticism of Messi is to give strength to something that does not deserve any type of analysis.''' ,'''We should never have to do whatever Messi says. I did not pay attention to him, not even in the national team. But that is the myth that has been formed. But it is not just me: a lot of people have said it, but of course you won't believe it from me... It is not me who is denying it. The facts deny it.''' ,'''To score goals, you need to receive the ball in advantageous positions.''' ,'''I was surprised by how little they knew about me at Barcelona. You can accept that from a supermarket cashier - but not from someone who works in football.''' ,'''I think when a new manager who has a specific way of playing comes to any league, he doesn't think about adapting but rather looks for ways to slowly implement his style so it can be developed for years to come.''' ,'''It's very important to have a good group of people that get along well, where the people come in to work and do it in a happy way, that they enjoy being at the club.''' ,'''Messi will continue to break records.''' ,'''The team evolves over time, and players need replacing.''' ,'''Messi never wants to be subbed off, but it's my task to take care of him.''' ,'''I have a profound respect for Juan Carlos Osorio. I think he did an amazing job with the Mexican national team.''' ,'''I understand that it's always difficult for a national team to have a foreign manager. It's a nationalistic question that also flows into football.''' ,'''We have ways to confront the attention that Messi gets. Some teams mark him personally; others get physical and surround him with players.''' ,'''Am I afraid of Madrid's violent play? No, every team plays according to their possibilities, and there's a referee who should judge.''' ,'''What Barcelona almost always do is play a good game, but we don't always win.''' ,'''Everyone wants to see Neymar and Messi play together.''' ,'''The national team requires a work commitment but also a personal one as well. To lead your country is something very different.''' ,'''I'm an admirer of Guardiola's work.''' ,'''If you analyze the German league, the Spanish league, the Italian league, there are two or three teams that stand out above the rest, and the other teams have a regular level.''' ,'''We always think that the right thing is to make an effort to have domestic coaches. I don't think that posture is bad.''' ,'''Messi's career is a cinema script.''' ,'''It's very special to be the coach of the best player in the world.''' ,'''I do not like to avoid responsibilities and feel that I am responsible.''' ,'''A lot of times, when you work at the top level, you feel like your part really isn't as important; you don't feel as involved in the growth.''' ,'''Despite being the greatest, Messi is an ordinary guy. He speaks like a normal guy, he acts like a normal guy. As a normal person, he has family, day-to-day problems in his life, friends and family, the usual.''' ,'''I didn't make any mark on Barcelona. It was a blip in my career in terms of what I did as a coach.''' ,'''If Messi is in the mix, that's who I want to win.''' ,'''I've seen teams where there are bad relationships in the locker room, but they can leave that aside and win on the field. For me, I'm not satisfied with any part of that.''' ,'''I think it's very important to have contact with the players that I will coach.''' ,'''I would never risk speaking ill of Messi.''' ,'''When we are operating in tight spaces and when the opposition are closing us down, players like Messi can help us to create openings.''' ,'''Sometimes, it is logical that by analysing a player, one thinks it is better to play him in one place or another, but then, if he is good, you can be more flexible.''' ,'''I don't have any doubts about how to play at the Bernabeu.''' ,'''Messi's start to 2015 has been unrivalled. His efficiency in front of goal and the amount of goals he has scored cannot be bettered.''' ,'''Neymar is an exceptional player.''' ,'''There some players who show what they can do over 90 minutes and others who demonstrate it in 15.''' ,'''No one would ever take Messi out of a match if the teams are evenly matched. But it can be done in matches where we take a big lead. This way, he can preserve his fitness.''' ,'''My priority is possession. Attack, get a lot of players in the opposition half, take risks.''' ,'''I made some monumental mistakes with Barcelona.''' ,'''Really, all coaches are accustomed to coaching... normal players.''' ,'''Mascherano's impact as a leader is more important inside the squad, and Messi's leadership is more important in the pitch.''' ,'''Teams always have natural leaders on the pitch and natural leaders in footballing terms.''' ,'''My happiest time was with Paraguay. Those were five years in which I managed to find happiness.''' ,'''Everyone wants to finish a project they start, but in the world of football, you cannot guarantee anything.''' ,]
+++