+++
author = "Pras Michel"
title = "Pras Michel Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Pras Michel Quotes"
keywords = "pras michel,pras michel quotes,pras michel quote,pras michel sayings,pras michel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I didn't want to do the whole, get the hottest person thing. I wanted to make sure every record felt right.''' ,'''For this album I was determined to do it my way. Take my time. I'm gonna win, lose or draw on my own.''' ,'''Seven out of 10 Americans are one paycheck away from being homeless.''' ,'''When I was leaving I kind of felt a little bit sad, because I made some friends down in skid row.''' ,'''I'm confident being at Universal, which is a great home for me, 'cause they understand what I'm trying to do.''' ,'''There's a harsh reality - nothing lasts forever. You have to be ready to grow, and grow fast.''' ,'''A couple of people thought I looked familiar, but it was like, No.''' ,'''When we came up with titles like Ready or Not, that's how we really felt.''' ,'''The record Clef and I did was just sitting there. So I said, Clef, I got a record, hit a verse on it. He just went in, messed around and ended up doing the hook too.''' ,'''I really can't blame anyone but myself, because I didn't have to deliver the album. But when you get caught up in the gas, and you're young, and there's so much helium going on around you, you can't decipher the real end.''' ,'''I'm one of those firm believers that good music will prevail.''' ,'''People in the record business would say, Well, Pras, you know, you haven't been out in a while, maybe you should get today's hottest producer or rapper to do something.''' ,'''In life we try to grow and better ourselves. As an artist, I feel like I've grown tremendously.''' ,]
+++