+++
author = "Keith Sweat"
title = "Keith Sweat Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Keith Sweat Quotes"
keywords = "keith sweat,keith sweat quotes,keith sweat quote,keith sweat sayings,keith sweat saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Out of all the R&B artists that have come out, I think my name has been used most in hip-hop songs.''' ,'''You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.''' ,'''I've never done online dating, but first of all, I have a book out called 'Make It Last Forever: The Do's and The Dont's,' which led me to do the online dating thing. A lot of people respect my relationship songs, so they can pretty much trust me.''' ,'''I'm syndicated on the radio - my show is called 'The Sweat Hotel.'''' ,'''I'm not in the clubs; I'm a homebody. I go out when I feel I have to for work or if there's a special function. You might catch me at the grocery store, but you won't see me out and about in Atlanta.''' ,'''I'm trying to forget how much that cost, but I just had to have them.''' ,'''R&B is never going to be dead, it's just going to evolve.''' ,'''I treat my career like it just happened yesterday.''' ,'''I grew up in Harlem Grant projects, and I didn't have a whole lot then. I've always been good about only getting what I need, not what I want. Just because someone else has something, I don't feel the need to.''' ,'''I'm living proof you can excel regardless of where you come from.''' ,'''Nowadays, everyone has a camera phone, and you have to be careful about being caught out there looking crazy and ending up on the Internet.''' ,'''Don't get caught up in the 'look' thing. Sometimes, we as men and women, the first thing that attracts us to someone is their physical appearance, and that's not always a good thing because what's good on the outside is not always good on the inside.''' ,'''My strategy has always been to give people just enough of me, then pull back. That way, they'll want more.''' ,'''If you fall, get back up. That's what life is about.''' ,'''Everything I was feeling, all the hurt and the pain and the emotion I was going through, I put into my music.''' ,'''The talk-box thing that T-Pain does is something new and different for this generation because they don't know about Zapp or Teddy Riley. I think he's creative and has made the talk-box his own in the hip-hop world, but if these young ones studied their musical history, they'd know that.''' ,]
+++