+++
author = "Julen Lopetegui"
title = "Julen Lopetegui Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Julen Lopetegui Quotes"
keywords = "julen lopetegui,julen lopetegui quotes,julen lopetegui quote,julen lopetegui sayings,julen lopetegui saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you do not take advantage of your chances, you can pay for it.''' ,'''If there came a time when we didn't get nervous, that would be worrying, as it'd mean we didn't care as much.''' ,'''Us coaches love to have as many players available as possible.''' ,'''We don't focus on our rivals: we focus on ourselves.''' ,'''I said yes to Real Madrid while keeping my responsibility to the national team. I was completely honest.''' ,'''It is one thing to have quality and another to be a great player.''' ,'''I am in love with my players; I love my players, but we are aware that the only one that will help us win games is the team.''' ,'''Portugal have a mix of players and talent, which is what Portuguese players and coaches are often about. It's like play-ground football.''' ,'''Real Madrid aspires to win everything, and I feel part of the family at this club.''' ,'''Football is unpredictable.''' ,'''If you're looking for a sunken man, don't look at me.''' ,'''I'm hungry and ambitious.''' ,'''The main aim of pre-season is to get ready for the competitive games and go into those in the best possible fashion on group and individual levels.''' ,'''Football unites, and no one can use a football platform for political means.''' ,'''It is always special to play at the Santiago Bernabeu.''' ,'''Mr. Mourinho is a wonderful coach and did great things at Porto, winning trophies, and I will respect that.''' ,'''I'm passionate about English football; it's lived in a special way, unique.''' ,'''To win the World Cup, you win it one bit at a time.''' ,'''I've never seen and nor do I think I will ever see someone with Messi's consistency.''' ,'''I hate false nines.''' ,'''I've never met a player like Leo Messi.''' ,'''A coach - any coach, not just a national team coach - should try to be exemplary. And a national team manager even more so.''' ,'''I am a follower of the Spain team. I think I did things correct, with the greatest honesty, always under the premise that I would say yes to Real Madrid.''' ,'''In football, you never know what can happen tomorrow. This is the elite, and you have to be ready for any situation that can occur.''' ,'''Breaking down barriers, succeeding away from home, living in another country, another culture, different football, makes you much stronger.''' ,'''Football does not stop. Spanish football is proud of its past, but we will look to the future.''' ,'''Being favourites is no title; it's an adjective. You win titles thanks to what you do on the pitch, and little else.''' ,'''It doesn't hurt to hear talk about the Spain national team.''' ,'''I like many things in English football - everyone lives and breathes it here. Of course, that doesn't mean I don't like Spanish football.''' ,'''If you ask me what is going to happen in a month or a year, I can't tell you. We're focused on the present.''' ,'''Cristiano is one of the best players of all-time - there's no doubt about it.''' ,'''Italy do not only defend; they can attack, too. They have attacking qualities, and they create chances.''' ,'''I speak to my players when I deem it necessary, but they are private conversations.''' ,'''Sergio Ramos looks great to me. He always looks after himself, and he's coming back in the shape you'd expect. He doesn't let himself go when he's away on holiday.''' ,'''Germany are extremely fast and strong.''' ,'''You have to give every opponent the importance they deserve.''' ,'''In any national team, the young players who have quality and the right mentality will stand out. And that's how it should be.''' ,'''It's always special to return to Real Madrid because I've always considered it as being home. It's where I grew up, learned my trade, and the club has played a big part in who I am today.''' ,'''Italy are a very difficult team to play against. They have good defensive qualities.''' ,'''Nobody has to carry the weight of the squad. They have to be part of the team and give their best for the team.''' ,'''The players who have been with the national team for a long time are used to international competitions, used to playing against the best in the world.''' ,'''I don't like individual awards because this is a team sport, and the coaches try to promote the collective.''' ,'''There's always a mix of generations in the national team. You have to bring the best players you think will help you win matches.''' ,'''When I was a kid, beating England was incredible; it always had greater repercussion than beating anyone else.''' ,'''I've no doubt about the attitude of the players. Everything moves quickly in football; we coaches move on quickly from victory and defeat.''' ,'''In difficult moments, champions come through, and not by listening to what is being said.''' ,'''I'm very happy with Bale. He loves playing for Real Madrid, and he's got a chance to show what a wonderful footballer he can be.''' ,'''I don't waste energy thinking about who I prefer and who I don't.''' ,'''It's normal that there's pressure at Real Madrid.''' ,'''I like everything about Real Madrid, even the club anthem.''' ,'''If you do not score, it is difficult to win.''' ,'''I'm the Real Madrid coach, and the demands are huge.''' ,'''The only recipe is hard work, persistence, and belief.''' ,'''Feeling a few nerves is necessary and positive. That tension is a good thing: it's a sign that you're doing something you like, that you're passionate about, and about which you have a great sense of responsibility and respect for.''' ,'''I am absolutely happy to train Real Madrid. I have a wonderful challenge.''' ,'''No player puts the team on their back.''' ,'''You earn the title of favourite when you win. It's not when people say you're a favourite because of past achievements; it's when you show it on the pitch.''' ,'''I hope things go phenomenally well for Spain and for Luis Enrique. I'm a fervent supporter of the national team.''' ,'''Real Madrid's history sets the tone for any professional coming to this club: winning consistently under the greatest demands.''' ,'''I don't like to compare players or talk about having to carry the weight of the team.''' ,'''Italy is the national team most similar to a club.''' ,'''Our players have a fantastic attitude, and people are going to see a Madrid side with a lot of talent.''' ,]
+++