+++
author = "Future"
title = "Future Quotes"
quotes_len = "137"
description = "the best 137 Future Quotes"
keywords = "future,future quotes,future quote,future sayings,future saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Don't ask for a million dollars. Ask for the stuff that'll get you a million dollars - your health, your brain, your sanity, wisdom. Prepare me for when I do get that million. Make sure I don't go crazy, make sure I help my family.''' ,'''I want to give the music attention and be in the studio. I want to give all my attention to my music, my kids, my family, so I just wanna focus on certain things besides social media.''' ,'''G-Rock from the Westside, from Allen Temple. He gave my name, The Future; he was like, 'Man, you the future.' Just stuck with the name.''' ,'''I was probably 15 when I started going to the studio with the older cats in my neighborhood. They heard me rap outside one time; I was just freestyling. And they invited me to the studio. It's good when you're accepted, no matter what crowd. That's the first step of believing you can do whatever you feel like putting your mind to.''' ,'''I know I haven't always done things the right way. I'm just trying to reflect on how to make myself better, how to become a better man, a better father, a better person, a better artist.''' ,'''You got one life to live. So I'm living it the way I want to live it.''' ,''''I Won' is not a love song. It's just me uplifting women in general. I'm giving women the power to treat themselves as a trophy - to show that and know it in yourself and be confident - because when they do that, whoever they're with is winning.''' ,'''I'm an entrepreneur. This is my life. This my career. This the way I eat.''' ,'''I love 'Troy.' I love Brad Pitt's character - when he went to Troy, he just ran over it. Then this particular scene where they made this big old horse or something out of wood, and they hid inside the wood.''' ,'''I'm always most comfortable in the studio. It's my comfort zone. I love being there, and I love making records.''' ,'''That's that Dungeon Family ethos: being able to reinvent yourself, stand out and stand alone. Having your own character and having your own image, no matter what they say about you. I want to show my versatility and how diverse I am, how I approach the track, my rhythm, my melodies. It's something different.''' ,'''When you mix a record that someone else is on, you've got to send it to them. They've got to like the mix, you got to like the mix, the producer's got to like the mix. Too many people are involved!''' ,'''I wanna be one of those special guys. Jimi Hendrix wasn't afraid of who he was. That's the part I emulate.''' ,'''Big Rube was on my first album and some of my mixtapes. His words are so powerful. I want to speak every word he says into existence. I wanna be a part of that! I wanna be a part of greatness. His wordplay is great to me.''' ,'''People respond to something melodic.''' ,'''You have to just do music, and you're becoming this entertainer, and so many people require so much of your time for different things, different obligations you have to make money, or just different obligations you have as a person in whatever the situation may be.''' ,'''I can't leave home without certain movies. 'The Godfather' is a big one for me. And I've gotta have my beats so I can write new music.''' ,'''My kids gotta understand: they gotta make a sacrifice, having a superstar dad.''' ,'''For just being a black artist in rock n' roll and be able to step outside and create, and make great music. And just be different. Just a different breed. And that's what I love about Jimi Hendrix's music - the way he plays the guitar is so different. He's just an icon all around.''' ,'''Even if it comes off natural, everyone has a fashion sense.''' ,'''I want my money to be different. I'm not trying to have rapper money. My goal is to be able to get everything from the world that I can get.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I'm out of here - above anything.''' ,'''It don't matter who I'm working with. I just feel like I want to make the best record possible.''' ,'''I'm the top rapper in the world.''' ,'''I was shy talking about certain things, and I was shy with being honest because I didn't want people to judge me talking about fatherhood and how somebody should have my child around me.''' ,'''I don't take anything for granted. I know there are a million and one dudes who are rapping, wishing they were in my shoes.''' ,'''I'm always a fan of good business moves.''' ,'''My style is a part of my music. You can't be an artist and not put any thought or effort into the way you appear.''' ,'''All gigs are good gigs. There's never a bad one. Everything have a reason behind it; you just got to find that reason.''' ,'''My favorite designer has to be Louis Vuitton.''' ,'''It takes an astronaut so long to get to space - that's how long it takes to catch up on my music.''' ,'''Just wanna have plaques on plaques. That's what we goin' for.''' ,'''At times, I think, 'What would I rather be doing than music?' That's what you have to ask yourself, if you feel like you need to be somewhere else... But there's nothing else I want to do more than music. That's why I stay in the booth.''' ,'''I feel like guitar explains a lot. You can just listen to a guitar without any lyrics over it; you can just feel what kind of track it is. If it's pain... you can feel it. It sets the mood.''' ,'''The most calmest place I can be is the studio. And like, I stay in there 'cause I know, when I come out, it's back to reality. Man, if you're angry all day, man, stay in the studio.''' ,'''I want to judge the nannies that's around my child. I don't want to pay for a nanny that I never met, that I never got a chance to interview. That's not the life I want for my child. I want to be involved 100 percent in all decisions made. This my flesh and blood.''' ,'''It's about being creative and drawing on who you are when you wake up, and expressing yourself through fashion.''' ,'''I ain't giving up on myself, so if you give up on me, I ain't got nothing else to say for you.''' ,'''My daddy didn't even sign my birth certificate. So I ain't never had his last name.''' ,'''Jimi Hendrix, he was a rock star. But he played guitar; I don't. I've just found ways to use words to make my mark in this history book.''' ,'''I'm not for the publicity stunts. Leave my son out of the publicity stunts.''' ,'''My fashion sense is relatable but stands out because it's my own.''' ,'''You get inspiration from craziest places. It's just about being creative. You gotta step outside that box, you know what I'm saying, to reach the people. You never know who can feel it; who it can connect to.''' ,'''Rihanna takes risks, and I love a woman who takes risks. It just goes to show you have your own mind and your own way of thinking.''' ,'''Future's not everybody. The people who are taking my style are like my babies. I've got a tribe of kids that want to be like me... But I understand why people want to imitate the things I do. They're dope. It comes naturally to me. My fans can expect greatness. If I wasn't me, I would want to be me.''' ,'''If you behind me, I'm not going to look back and try and figure out what you're doing behind me.''' ,'''Quality is everything to me, and I perfect everything I do.''' ,'''When you're a man, you want to make decisions for your family, and sometimes the lady doesn't see what you see.''' ,'''I don't read blogs. I'm living the life they're writing about. So why read about it?''' ,'''I feel like I just wanna go back to being more underground.''' ,'''The weirdest place I ever actually woke up in was a villa on the beach in Mexico. It was burning hot, and there were all these crabs walking around me. But I was feeling good, so I went with the vibe.''' ,'''You make music to change the radio, not make music for the radio.''' ,'''It takes compromise to raise a child, especially with a schedule like mine.''' ,'''I'm not trying to feed off of a concept that another artist had - that's not what I do.''' ,'''I want to be the most melodic artist. 'His music ability, the way he write, his creativity is undeniable.' I want people to say that about me.''' ,'''The music I make, I'm different.''' ,'''I've always been into fashion since I was a kid. I love fashion. I appreciate it. I just enjoy dressing up and getting all the new sneakers and all the hot exclusive clothes - I did even when I was young.''' ,'''At first, Hendrix went and became a superstar in London, but if he walked past the Apollo in Harlem, no one would know who he was. I'm the hip-hop version of him.''' ,'''I wanna make my imprint in the game as far as music - hip-hop, and just music, period. 'Cause I come from hip-hop, that's my background, but I'm not gonna let that limit me from where I can go.''' ,'''I was drawn to love songs, but I was just drawn to great music - no matter if it's hip-hop, pop, R&B or whether it's rock n' roll or country. It could be a Garth Brooks song, and if it's a smash, then I'll love the different wordplay and different melodies. That's what I'm a fan of - great music.''' ,'''I feel a responsibility for telling the truth.''' ,'''When I'm in the studio, I stay in the studio, like, sometimes 20 hours out the day.''' ,'''I have a crazy work ethic. I'll do 20 songs a day. I love music that much.''' ,'''I like all types of women. I accept them as they are when they come into my life... But I'm not a romantic. I'm just up-front. I like to be a part of something real, not make-believe. I tell women to tell me the truth, to just lay it out. Let me be the judge and decide if I want you around or not. Let me have my choice.''' ,'''I never get starstruck.''' ,'''The hardest part of fame and success is adapting to the people around you that's changing. It changes the way people look at you from how they used to look at you. They listen to you on the radio, they look at you on TV and when people speak on you in a good light, you have a couple people who hold grudges.''' ,'''My music is like a diary. I use every experience.''' ,'''My day one fans - my fans from my mix tape days - know my life now. They know where I've been. You don't want to have a disconnection with those fans. You have to give them all of you because they feel like they've known you.''' ,'''My three wishes are just be respected out the game. I want respect from everybody. And just make a successful clothing line and company. I'm not going to put a number on it. Just to have a great career.''' ,'''I try to look cool. I strategize. Sometimes it's like - that's part of the strategizing, to make it seem like I don't think about it.''' ,'''Man, I wanna be there for everybody. I wanna make everybody happy, and I can't... That's why I stay in the studio.''' ,'''Jupiter, Pluto, pick a planet: we can go there. I just got a bit more work to do in the music industry, and we're going to space, baby.''' ,'''The most fun moments are being on the stage and seeing how the crowd reacts to your music. The energy of the crowd that makes you just want to go in and keep doing it and be a part of this forever.''' ,'''In Atlanta, there's no limitation to where you can take your music. You can be as creative as you want to be.''' ,'''I like to express myself through the clothes that I wear.''' ,'''I'll always keep you guessing. I'm living up to the name. It's powerful. That's just what I do.''' ,'''I just like being versatile, giving new styles and being creative.''' ,'''For me, it's always been one of my pet peeves to keep people engaged and talking, and just always being interested in what I have going on. To keep the level of creativity always turned up to the max.''' ,'''You want to create your own path, no matter what situation you're in.''' ,'''I want to show my versatility and how diverse I am, how I approach the track, my rhythm, my melodies. It's something different. Sometimes, the things I do haven't ever been done.''' ,'''I just enjoy dressing up and getting all the new sneakers and all the hot exclusive clothes - I did even when I was young.''' ,'''I'm most comfortable when I'm in the studio and music playing.''' ,'''People think fashion shows take hours - it's 15 minutes. You walk in, do red carpet, take the pictures, you sit down... and then it's over.''' ,'''I'm putting everything on the line in being able to express myself in a different way than rappers normally do. They might say, 'It's rap' or 'It's R&B,' but I'm stepping outside the box and making music for me and making music for the fans to understand me. I'm going the extra distance to be able to come across different.''' ,'''You know that I can make hits. You know I can do all these rap records.''' ,'''It's hard to get burned out or uninspired, man.''' ,'''I feel like guys, girls, whatever it is, you just come out hoping to make the best record. You just try to have a conversation and just create what you've talked about. Whatever you find to fit the beat at the time, what the person is down for, wherever the beat takes you towards.''' ,'''I want that longevity in the career, so if you don't know how to get it, you trying to chase that high, you trying to continue to chase your dreams and conquer things you never thought you could get. And you just want to get there too soon, so you taking the wrong moves to try and compensate what's not happening.''' ,'''You don't question magic.''' ,'''I've made a lot of mistakes in my life. I wouldn't say musically, though.''' ,'''My sister wants a Rollie. When I buy one now, I gotta buy like five, ten. It's crazy.''' ,'''When you grow up in something, you don't even know if it's bad or good. You just know that's how it is.''' ,'''I don't even talk about being locked up in any of my songs.''' ,'''Every day, I bring out something new. You got to be prepared - you got to have a few outfits laying out for when you wake up, in case you want to change, to set the mood.''' ,'''When you're riding with your mom, and you're a kid, you'd listen to 'Dear Mama' and the radio friendly records. I used to sneak and listen to Too $hort.''' ,'''That's the time that I enjoy: away from the cameras, away from the audience, the scenery of going out to eat and everybody's staring at me.''' ,'''My favorite rappers are, I can't really say. I like Kanye because he's so creative. He'll just do anything. I like what Kanye's bringing to the game. Lil Wayne. I like Wayne.''' ,'''Jay Z wasn't great when 2pac and Biggie was alive.''' ,'''Everybody can relate to being real or true. Somehow, someway, you want to be real and true.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I'm underrated, but more reserved. Only time will tell, but I've been good so far in being consistent and making hit after hit writing for myself and other artists, from rap to R&B, and being able to make those different records.''' ,'''I gotta have my long trench coats, a nice scarf for the winter time when you're walking around, and some nice fitted jeans to go with the trench coats.''' ,'''The melodies I come up with, they're not normal.''' ,'''I have to go places beyond music.''' ,'''I feel like I'm doing something in Atlanta that nobody ever did as far as rap. If it happens to end up on the top 40 or the pop charts, it doesn't mean I meant to go pop. It's just where the music took me. It started at the bottom, and it rises.''' ,'''If I told a lie, then I got to come back and correct it years later. I hate that I have to be the person that touch on their life and be personal and be direct with certain situations, but man, I'm glad that it's me than them.''' ,'''If I'm the biggest artist in the world, cool, but I want to just be me.''' ,'''Just understand that the type of music that I make is something special.''' ,'''All I know is record, record, record, record.''' ,'''I want to have bosses around me, 'cause at the end of the day, 10 years from now, 20 years from now, you want to make relationships to keep 'em, you know what I'm saying. So I make my relationships to keep 'em - all my relationships - not try to burn bridges that you may need to cross over one day.''' ,'''I don't just write hits for myself, or for other artists, or to just be writing it. I write it because I was born to do this. I was given this gift, and I'm making the most of my opportunity.''' ,'''I know melody. I know rhythm; I know bass guitar; I know the piano. I know everything about music that helps build the music that go along with creating the whole art form, you know what I'm saying?''' ,'''Man, I love being a dad. It's super fun.''' ,'''My obsession with outer space is my way of being different. I make astronaut music. It takes an astronaut so long to get to space - that's how long it takes to catch up on my music.''' ,'''I'm just not going to settle for anything, you know?''' ,'''Everybody wanna be a super dad and the best dad ever, but sometimes, I'm just realizing that I'm not perfect.''' ,'''You got to make the most of your second life. I was born Nayvadius, but now I'm Future. Should I dwell on what Nayvadius was supposed to be? I get a chance to experience life as something else. I wasn't supposed to be like this.''' ,'''I take a little bit from everybody and add that to my life to make me, me. I wanna be nobody else but Future. When you look at me, I want you to say, 'Future.' The way I talk, the way I dress, there's nobody in the world but me.''' ,'''If you're doing what you think people might like, rather than doing what you like, people will see through it.''' ,'''My career choice is my career choice. Just stepping out of that zone, to be able to be a provider. I understand my position as a provider and my role as a dad also... Just being able to be comfortable with it.''' ,'''Artists can most definitely control the culture of fashion. Kids and different fans look up to us for dressing pointers.''' ,'''I'm not just a hip-hop artist; I feel like I'm a rock star.''' ,'''My kids need to be around me. And the times that I'm out of town, if I'm not too busy, they can come to me.''' ,'''I want people to say, 'He evolved throughout his whole career.' I wanna be able to have the most number one records ever. The most Top 10 records ever.''' ,'''I want to let little kids know that no matter what situation they come up in, that they're not exempt from success. All I ever wanted was for people to believe in me and just recognize my potential. I came, I struggled, I made it, I conquered.''' ,'''You gotta catch the sauce. Move with me... I'm dripping sauce.''' ,'''I just want to be an inspiration. I'm a rock star, I'm Future Hendrix.''' ,'''I've always been into fashion since I was a kid. I love fashion. I appreciate it.''' ,'''When I first used Auto-Tune, I never used it to sing. I wasn't using it the way T-Pain was. I used it to rap because it makes my voice sound grittier.''' ,'''Don't matter if you're rich, poor or whatever, you just want to be able to have your own experiences in life and listen and learn from other people.''' ,'''I'm just really a free spirit. You gotta be like that. 'Cause life ain't that complicated. It's only that complicated when you make it that way. I just wanna wake up and move with the way it goes. If it's meant to happen, it will happen.''' ,'''I do everything for my family.''' ,'''Every mistake you make allows you to be honest because what's in the dark will come to light, so it's better to be truthful about it.''' ,'''Rumours are rumours. The Internet is going to report whatever they have to speculate on.''' ,'''I want to keep doing what I'm doing and see how far I can go. See when it stops. See what the end is like. I want to make this moment last as long as I can make it. If I miss a day, I'm afraid I'll miss out on a smash record.''' ,'''Sometimes it's hard to open up about your personal life, your relationship because you always want the music to be in the forefront. You want the music to be the biggest carrier of everything that you represent.''' ,'''Where I know I wanna go is being consistent on business, and that's just making another artist, my clothing line - capitalizing off the moment. I wanna be consistently doing that - capitalizing off every move I make.''' ,'''I need to let people know who I am and instead of just trying to make great records, just be honest and make it more personal and make it more passionate, to make records with emotion and not be afraid to express that.''' ,]
+++