+++
author = "E. L. James"
title = "E. L. James Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 E. L. James Quotes"
keywords = "e. l. james,e. l. james quotes,e. l. james quote,e. l. james sayings,e. l. james saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a bit of a control freak.''' ,'''Write for yourself. That's it. And write every day.''' ,'''Yes, I'm a 'Twi-hard.' I became obsessed. Absolutely obsessed. I didn't watch television, I didn't go to the cinema. My friends would ring and say: 'What are you doing?' And I would say: 'I've just got to finish this chapter.'''' ,'''I don't watch much British television at all. I mean, it's ironic because I used to work in it for years.''' ,'''I'm not a great writer.''' ,'''Once you're in charge of your job, your house, your children, getting the food on the table, doing all of this, all of the time, it'd be nice for someone else to be in charge for a bit maybe.''' ,'''I see myself as a story teller.''' ,'''I really like clever men who challenge you.''' ,'''I'm looking forward to getting back to my house and my Ugg boots and not washing sometimes, and getting back to writing.''' ,'''I value my anonymity. I'm happy to come in on the tube or the train and watch other people reading 'Fifty Shades.'''' ,'''Everyone's clamoring for the fourth book in the 'Fifty Shades' trilogy, which makes me laugh. Just the part of 'a fourth book in trilogy' that makes me laugh, not the clamoring for the next book.''' ,'''All a writer wants is to be read, and people are so flattering and lovely. I mean, there are witches out there as well. But most are so kind.''' ,'''I never set out to do this - getting to No. 1 in the 'New York Times' bestseller list wasn't even a pipedream.''' ,'''I came up with a story and I wrote it.''' ,'''If you've been married for 400 years, as I have, it's nice to experience first love again and you can vicariously through a book.''' ,'''Women basically want the same thing - a good passionate story, a great fantasy - and for our partners to do the laundry and the washing up.''' ,'''I hate having my photograph taken.''' ,'''I've set the bar quite high in terms of storytelling.''' ,'''I've worked in television all my life, but really I've always wanted to work in the movies.''' ,'''I think women love to read love stories.''' ,'''I think women love a passionate love story.''' ,'''God forbid that women have fantasies.''' ,]
+++