+++
author = "Tyson Chandler"
title = "Tyson Chandler Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Tyson Chandler Quotes"
keywords = "tyson chandler,tyson chandler quotes,tyson chandler quote,tyson chandler sayings,tyson chandler saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My grandfather built my first hoop. It was a peach basket up against a tree, and we played in the dirt. I couldn't have been more than 6 when he put it up, and I just started playing.''' ,'''I thought it was normal to recycle pants and shoes from your older cousins. That was just my way of life. At the end of the month, there was not much food in the refrigerator and you're hoping the first comes so food can come again. You never forget those things.''' ,'''I think the people of New York have done a pretty great job with coming together for Sandy relief.''' ,'''Scouts have always been surprised by the way I'm able to move at my size. How fast and agile I am.''' ,'''I wouldn't consider myself Goth, but I love Gothic pieces.''' ,'''As a youngster in the projects, I definitely didn't have anything. So if you get something, you want to be able to give back and help others.''' ,'''I love Greek mythology, I love gladiators, I love war stuff.''' ,'''When I'm on the court, I picture myself as like a gladiator.''' ,'''I appreciate every team that wants me, and I take on every challenge.''' ,'''People who understand basketball definitely appreciate what I bring to the table.''' ,'''Yeah, I paint in my spare time, just to relax myself and wind down a bit.''' ,'''After Sandy hit, my wife and I saw pictures of the devastation following the hurricane in the news. We immediately wanted to find a way to assist those in need.''' ,'''Even to this day, I rarely read any articles on myself. I won't watch anything on television on myself.''' ,'''Probably the most dramatic pieces in my wardrobe would be capes.''' ,'''I used to help my grandfather on the farm, driving tractors, raising crops and animals. I used to feed some of the baby cows and pigs, and I had to be no older than 7 or 8. Then at about 9 or 10 I started driving tractors. It showed me at an early age what hard work was all about and how dedicated you have to be, no matter what you do.''' ,'''When I make a bad play, it frustrates the heck out of me, even in practice.''' ,'''I really enjoy the iPad because you can multi-task: I can watch a movie, read, look at pictures that I shot - because I'm into photography. It serves a lot of purposes for me.''' ,'''I play knowing that there is somebody watching me out there in the crowd that has never had the opportunity to watch a game before and it might be the only chance they ever to see one, live in person. Michael Jordan once said that in an interview, and I really took it to heart; whenever I step on the floor, I play for that person.''' ,'''When I'm at my grandparents', I know I literally have to do nothing but relax, enjoy myself, and enjoy my family members' company.''' ,'''I'm tall with broad shoulders. And my waist is small. I'm into fashion, so I like the way clothes lay on me. I'm pretty much a normal person's size, just stretched out.''' ,'''I think the world is crumbling when I have a bad game.''' ,]
+++