+++
author = "Richard Branson"
title = "Richard Branson Quotes"
quotes_len = "134"
description = "the best 134 Richard Branson Quotes"
keywords = "richard branson,richard branson quotes,richard branson quote,richard branson sayings,richard branson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A passionate belief in your business and personal objectives can make all the difference between success and failure. If you aren't proud of what you're doing, why should anybody else be?''' ,'''If you want to be more productive, then start at the start: get there on time. Whether it is a meeting, a flight, an appointment or a date, it's important to ensure you are there when you say you will be there. This may feel like an old-fashioned tip to give, but it has served me well for five decades in business.''' ,'''Devon holds a special place in my heart. As a child, I normally went on holiday to Bantham and have lots of happy memories from my time there. I used to catch sand eels in the early morning and go fishing for bass throughout the day. I remember a gull taking my bait.''' ,'''I'm a bit like the Queen in that I don't carry much cash.''' ,'''Well, we know that people in Australia love the idea of both Impulse and Virgin Blue getting up and adding a bit of competition, and it's fun to be able to deliver it.''' ,'''I nearly failed when Virgin was in its infancy; I nearly failed in the early 1980s, and, of course, I have nearly died more than once trying to achieve a world record for boating or ballooning. But through a combination of luck and planning, both Virgin and I are still here.''' ,'''At Virgin, we have always backed the power of the entrepreneur and inventor to find solutions to tricky problems. Why should climate change and the battle against carbon be any different?''' ,'''Treat failure as a lesson on how not to approach achieving a goal, and then use that learning to improve your chances of success when you try again. Failure is only the end if you decide to stop.''' ,'''The balloons only have one life and the only way of finding out whether they work is to attempt to fly around the world.''' ,'''Fun is one of the most important - and underrated - ingredients in any successful venture. If you're not having fun, then it's probably time to call it quits and try something else.''' ,'''I always love going on a safari drive whenever I visit Ulusaba Private Game Reserve in South Africa. I've been fortunate to see so many incredible animals over the years, and each time, it's completely different. Following Ulusaba's pack of wild dogs is my highlight.''' ,'''I believe in benevolent dictatorship provided I am the dictator.''' ,'''There's an inherent danger in letting people think that they have perfected something. When they believe they've 'nailed it,' most people tend to sit back and rest on their laurels while countless others will be labouring furiously to better their work!''' ,'''If you are a small company taking on a big company, you need to have a sense of humor.''' ,'''We, we - as I say, we go in and shake up other industries and I think, you know, we do it differently and I think that industries are not quite the same as a result of Virgin attacking the market.''' ,'''Material things are delightful, but they're not important.''' ,'''We're introducing separate rooms with double beds in all of our planes so people can actually go with their partner and have a proper night's sleep.''' ,'''Nobody's ever called me Sir Richard. Occasionally in America, I hear people saying Sir Richard and think there's some Shakespearean play taking place. But nowhere else anyway.''' ,'''More businesses should be following Apple's stance in encouraging more investment in sustainability.''' ,'''And obviously, from our own personal point of view, the principal challenge is a personal challenge.''' ,'''I've never gone into business to make money. Every Virgin product and service has been made into a reality to make a positive difference in people's lives. And by focusing on the happiness of our customers, we have been able to build a successful group of companies.''' ,'''There's nothing like the endorphins from being fit, and the incredible endorphin rush that goes with that.''' ,'''Right now I'm just delighted to be alive and to have had a nice long bath.''' ,'''All you have in business is your reputation - so it's very important that you keep your word.''' ,'''An exceptional company is the one that gets all the little details right. And the people out on the front line, they know when things are not going right, and they know when things need to be improved. And if you listen to them, you can soon improve all those niggly things which turns an average company into an exceptional company.''' ,'''I don't think so, in that Virgin is already a global brand. Brands like Amazon have had to spend hundreds of millions of pounds you know, building their brands, whereas Virgin is already well-known around the world.''' ,'''We need every person on Earth to acknowledge that climate change is real and encourage each other and our leaders to address the challenge.''' ,'''And you know, I've had great fun turning quite a lot of different industries on their head and making sure those industries will never be the same again, because Virgin went in and took them on.''' ,'''The funny thing is people won't let me pay for things. I'll be in a restaurant and the manager will say, 'Oh no, it's on the house.'''' ,'''Back when I was in school, few people understood dyslexia and what to do for it. My teachers thought I was lazy and not very clever, and I got bored easily... thinking of all the things I could do once I left school. I couldn't always follow what was going on.''' ,'''It's rare for a startup to make money immediately, so you need to make sure that you have enough saved or that you have another income stream that can support you.''' ,'''Lightning is something which, again, we would rather avoid.''' ,'''When hiring somebody, I never ask to see a curriculum vitae. I feel that since I didn't have one myself, it would be a bit presumptuous to ask to see anyone else's.''' ,'''When we launched a new company, I reviewed the ads and marketing materials and asked those presenting the campaign to read everything aloud to test the phrasing and concept. If I could grasp it quickly, then it passed with muster. We would get our message across only if it was understandable at first glance.''' ,'''A business has to be involving, it has to be fun, and it has to exercise your creative instincts.''' ,'''In business, if you realize you've made a bad decision, you change it.''' ,'''We have one planet in our solar system that's habitable, and that's the Earth, and space travel can transform things back here for the better. First of all, by just having people go to space and look back on this fragile planet we live on. People have come back transformed and have done fantastic things.''' ,'''I love travelling full stop - so while I've had some harrowing instances, I never look at them negatively. Memories are made when you're travelling - not when you're chained to your desk.''' ,'''The music industry is a strange combination of having real and intangible assets: pop bands are brand names in themselves, and at a given stage in their careers their name alone can practically gaurantee hit records.''' ,'''As more airlines consolidated and grew larger and more focused on the bottom line, flying in the U.S. became an awful experience. Despite moves to block our airline from flying, Virgin America began service in August 2007 - with the goal of making flying good again.''' ,'''My favorite mode of transport is hot-air ballooning. It's so graceful to be blown by the wind, to go where the wind takes you.''' ,'''There is no way I would ask others to go on a Virgin Galactic flight if I didn't feel it was safe enough for myself.''' ,'''Well, I think that there's a very thin dividing line between success and failure. And I think if you start a business without financial backing, you're likely to go the wrong side of that dividing line.''' ,'''With the casino and the beds, our passengers will have at least two ways to get lucky on one of our flights.''' ,'''Fortunately we're not a public company - we're a private group of companies, and I can do what I want.''' ,'''My early business ventures included growing Christmas trees and breeding birds.''' ,'''I think, because I started Virgin when I was a teenager, it has become a part of me, like my family, and I am motivated by ambition for it, almost as if it were a child.''' ,'''I cannot remember a moment in my life when I have not felt the love of my family. We were a family that would have killed for each other - and we still are.''' ,'''I'm not sure how I'd survive without English Breakfast tea. Even in the Caribbean, I must drink 20 cups a day.''' ,'''You should not build your customer service system on the premise that your organisation will never question the whims of your clients.''' ,'''I wanted to be an editor or a journalist, I wasn't really interested in being an entrepreneur, but I soon found I had to become an entrepreneur in order to keep my magazine going.''' ,'''The true cost to the world of a burger is far greater than the money you hand over to buy it.''' ,'''Capitalism has proven to be the only system that works, but the problem with capitalism is that extreme wealth ends up in the hands of a few people.''' ,'''Those who know me know I'm passionate about lists, and top of my list of priorities is my family. My wife Joan and I do not consider our legacy to our children to be wealth or fame but the opportunity to pursue happiness by following their own path.''' ,'''The signing of the Sex Pistols was a turning point for Virgin. It put the company on the map and, over the years, attracted bands such as Genesis, the Rolling Stones, Lenny Kravitz, and Janet Jackson. It also attracted Culture Club, who were ground-breaking.''' ,'''To me, business isn't about wearing suits or pleasing stockholders. It's about being true to yourself, your ideas and focusing on the essentials.''' ,'''A complaint is a chance to turn a customer into a lifelong friend. I say that seriously, not as some press release baloney.''' ,'''Overcoming fear is the first step to success for entrepreneurs. The winners all exemplify that, and the hard work and commitment they have shown underlines what is needed to set up a business.''' ,'''Ridiculous yachts and private planes and big limousines won't make people enjoy life more, and it sends out terrible messages to the people who work for them. It would be so much better if that money was spent in Africa - and it's about getting a balance.''' ,'''My philosophy is that if I have any money I invest it in new ventures and not have it sitting around.''' ,'''You never know with these things when you're trying something new what can happen. This is all experimental.''' ,'''When Brexiters told the public that people were exaggerating, that there would be a financial meltdown, I think it's been proven that they were not exaggerating.''' ,'''I live half the year on Necker, a tiny island in the Caribbean, and it's always full of people in party mode. Everyone comes up to the big house, and we'll be dancing until the early hours to the island's band, the Front Line.''' ,'''We're one of the only animals in the world that don't really think of ourselves as animals, but we are animals, and we must respect our fellow animals.''' ,'''We believe that within five years, 96 percent of British consumers will have access to the Internet, whether it be through a personal computer, a set-top box or a mobile phone.''' ,'''My interest in life comes from setting myself huge, apparently unachievable challenges and trying to rise above them.''' ,'''Although I've been living in the British Virgin Islands for some time now, I have never stopped caring passionately about the U.K. and its great people.''' ,'''As an entrepreneur, I have been known for taking risks throughout my career, but leaving the European Union is not one of the risks I would want the U.K. to take - not as an investor, not as a father, and not as a grandfather. I am deeply concerned about the impact of leaving.''' ,'''Like getting into a bleeding competition with a blood bank.''' ,'''We are going to transform Britain's rail system from the worst in the world to the best. If you can do a few things like that, when the body gives out, you can say you've lived a good life.''' ,'''So I've seen life as one long learning process. And if I see - you know, if I fly on somebody else's airline and find the experience is not a pleasant one, which it wasn't in - 21 years ago, then I'd think, well, you know, maybe I can create the kind of airline that I'd like to fly on.''' ,'''By putting the employee first, the customer effectively comes first by default, and in the end, the shareholder comes first by default as well.''' ,'''I love Africa, and Ulusaba, our home in South Africa, is pretty special. It's on a rocky hill overlooking the bush, and from your room, you can see lions stalking zebras by the waterhole.''' ,'''For a successful entrepreneur it can mean extreme wealth. But with extreme wealth comes extreme responsibility. And the responsibility for me is to invest in creating new businesses, create jobs, employ people, and to put money aside to tackle issues where we can make a difference.''' ,'''I'm a lad of the '60s. I started a magazine to try and end the Vietnam war, but it was a number of years before I had the profile, the financial resources and the time to do more.''' ,'''People from all over the world come to London wanting to make their own mark on it, and they add to the energy and vitality of the capital. It's got a bit busier since the '60s, but the more the merrier!''' ,'''Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.''' ,'''There's no point in starting a business unless you're going to make a dramatic difference to other people's lives. So if you've got an idea that's gonna make a big difference to other people's lives, then just get on and do it.''' ,'''We have teams of people working on electric cars. So you never know - you may find Virgin competing with the Tesla in the car business as we do in the space business.''' ,'''An important priority for me is a business must get their own house in order. Be or become an agent of positive change in your own enterprise and adopt responsible practices to eliminate the risks that often lie at the root of inequality and poverty.''' ,'''Especially when you're at a high level in an organization, criticism can be devastating to an employee. I prefer to praise employees for what they're doing right, and it tends to lead to them doing more of the same. Not always, but it's the way I choose to bet.''' ,'''I love Notting Hill and Westbourne Grove - there is so much life and vitality around Portobello and Ladbroke Grove. It has come up a lot since I started Virgin more than 40 years ago, but there is so much character.''' ,'''From a young age, I learned to focus on the things I was good at and delegate to others what I was not good at. That's how Virgin is run. Fantastic people throughout the Virgin Group run our businesses, allowing me to think creatively and strategically.''' ,'''Space has always fascinated me. As a young boy looking up at the stars, I found it impossible to resist thinking what was out there and if I ever would experience space first-hand.''' ,'''My father Ted fought in North Africa, Italy, and Germany during World War II. My grandfather survived the horrors of the trenches in World War I. I truly believe that one of the E.U.'s greatest achievements is that it has kept its members out of conflict in Europe.''' ,'''I'm not the sort of person who gives up on things. The first time we crossed the Atlantic in the balloon, it crashed, and we went on and did the Pacific. First time we crossed the Atlantic in a boat, it sank, and we went on and got the record. So, generally speaking, we will pick ourselves up, brush ourselves down, and carry on.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I had a tendency to criticize. But when I did, my mum would whisk me off to the bathroom to stand in front of a mirror. Ten minutes, never less. To think about how criticism is a poor reflection on the one who criticizes.''' ,'''If you want to be a Millionaire, start with a billion dollars and launch a new airline.''' ,'''You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over.''' ,'''I love creating hideaways. My idea is to go to the most beautiful, unspoilt places, buy the land, and make sure it is never damaged. I've always admired John D. Rockefeller, who bought up tracts of land to ensure they were left wild in perpetuity.''' ,'''I would be lying if I didn't admit sadness that our wonderful airline is merging with another. Because I'm not American, the U.S. Department of Transportation stipulated I take some of my shares in Virgin America as non-voting shares, reducing my influence over any takeover. So there was sadly nothing I could do to stop it.''' ,'''On one of my last days at school, the headmaster said I would either end up in prison or become a millionaire. That was quite a startling prediction, but in some respects, he was right on both counts!''' ,'''Taking bold action on climate change simply makes good business sense. It's also the right thing to do for people and the planet. Setting a net-zero GHG emissions target by 2050 will drive innovation, grow jobs, build prosperity, and secure a better world for what will soon be 9 billion people.''' ,'''We've always had a pretty competitive and pretty ferocious battle with British Airways... It's lasted now about 14 years, and we're very pleased to have survived it.''' ,'''I think it's quite great to set yourself a big challenge, and then you've got another reason for keeping fit.''' ,'''My mother was determined to make us independent. When I was four years old, she stopped the car a few miles from our house and made me find my own way home across the fields. I got hopelessly lost.''' ,'''When exploring London, you will come across lots of excitement by chance, so try to take everything in rather than just rushing around to all of the major tourist haunts.''' ,'''A good leader doesn't get stuck behind a desk.''' ,'''I suppose Virgin is an unusual brand in that I suspect we're the only 'way of life' brand in the world. We're one of maybe the top 30 best known brands in the world, yet if you look at the other 29, they all specialize in one area. Whether it's Google, Coca-Cola, Microsoft, etc., they all generally specialize in one area.''' ,'''Can you imagine what a different world we will live in when businesses do what's right for the communities and the environment in everything they do?''' ,'''I love the freedom of movement that my phone gives me. That has definitely transformed my life.''' ,'''Starting your own business isn't just a job - it's a way of life.''' ,'''In this digital age, it doesn't really matter if you are in Canary Wharf or the Caribbean; there are opportunities waiting to be grasped by entrepreneurs.''' ,'''One thing is certain in business. You and everyone around you will make mistakes.''' ,'''As a teenager, I went to Bali a lot, but it's a long, long way from England. Which is why, when we bought Necker Island, we made it like a mini Bali.''' ,'''The art of delegation is one of the key skills any entrepreneur must master.''' ,'''I love to dance, but my children tell me I shouldn't. Can't see why.''' ,'''I've been very passionate about renewable energy for many years, particularly solar energy and its capacity to bring abundant clean, sustainable energy to millions around the globe.''' ,'''Entrepreneurs are natural problem-solvers, which means that we always have ideas for new businesses popping into our heads. Having a lot of options is great, but sometimes it can be hard to focus on one when you are keen to move onto the next.''' ,'''I've been very lucky. I come from a very close family.''' ,'''When I started Virgin from a basement in west London, there was no great plan or strategy. I didn't set out to build a business empire... For me, building a business is all about doing something to be proud of, bringing talented people together and creating something that's going to make a real difference to other people's lives.''' ,'''As a father and now a grandfather to three wonderful grandchildren, I know how magical the first year of a child's life is but also how much hard work it takes. Being able to spend as much time as possible with your loved ones is absolutely vital, especially early on.''' ,'''My general attitude to life is to enjoy every minute of every day. I never do anything with a feeling of, 'Oh God, I've got to do this today.'''' ,'''The jet stream is a very strong force and pushing a balloon into it is like pushing up against a brick wall, but once we got into it, we found that, remarkably, the balloon went whatever speed the wind went.''' ,'''If you're embarking around the world in a hot-air balloon, don't forget the toilet paper.''' ,'''I always find the time to exercise - kitesurfing, tennis or cycling - and to spend time with my loved ones.''' ,'''It's a common misconception that money is every entrepreneur's metric for success. It's not, and nor should it be.''' ,'''My attitude has always been, if you fall flat on your face, at least you're moving forward. All you have to do is get back up and try again.''' ,'''I never get the accountants in before I start up a business. It's done on gut feeling, especially if I can see that they are taking the mickey out of the consumer.''' ,'''I read everything, but generally more fact than fiction - especially autobiographies and biographies. I've read 'Long Walk to Freedom' by Nelson Mandela at least twice on holiday. Every time, I'm totally awed by his vision, strength and forgiveness. I feel honoured to have got to know him and his wonderful wife Graca over the years.''' ,'''Well, the odds must be against anybody being able to fly around the world in a balloon on the first attempt. All of us who are attempting to go around the world in balloons are effectively flying in experimental craft because these craft cannot be tested.''' ,'''I was dyslexic, I had no understanding of schoolwork whatsoever. I certainly would have failed IQ tests. And it was one of the reasons I left school when I was 15 years old. And if I - if I'm not interested in something, I don't grasp it.''' ,'''Most people would assume my business success, and the wealth that comes with it, have brought me happiness. But I know I am successful, wealthy, and connected because I am happy.''' ,'''Too many people measure how successful they are by how much money they make or the people that they associate with. In my opinion, true success should be measured by how happy you are.''' ,'''When I was four, my mother insisted I get out of the car and find my own way home. Although I got lost, I did find my way home. It taught me the value of independence at an early age.''' ,'''Be willing to use yourself to get out there and put the company on the market. If you have to make a fool of yourself, make a fool of yourself, but make sure that you end up on the front pages, not the back pages. In time, it's possible that your company will stand out from the crowd, and you'll be successful.''' ,'''Every successful businessman will have experienced set-backs and failures - they're lying if they say they haven't. Virgin has had some tremendously successful businesses and some that have not quite worked out. Virgin Cola springs to mind - the product wasn't distinct enough from Coca-Cola.''' ,'''Through the right people focusing on the right things, we can, in time, get on top of a lot if not most of the problems of this world. And that's what a number of us are trying to do.''' ,'''Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.''' ,'''I think it's good for a woman to put on a bit of weight when she gets older - it looks better. But a man has to stay balanced.''' ,'''Had I pursued my education long enough to learn all the conventional dos and don'ts of starting a business, I often wonder how different my life and career might have been.''' ,'''From my very first day as an entrepreneur, I've felt the only mission worth pursuing in business is to make people's lives better.''' ,'''With Virgin, I've just loved creating things. And as a private company, I can get away with moving Virgin from records to airlines to train companies to space companies to whatever, without ever having to worry about analysts knocking the value of my stock.''' ,'''Being a good listener is absolutely critical to being a good leader; you have to listen to the people who are on the front line.''' ,]
+++