+++
author = "Sarah Rees Brennan"
title = "Sarah Rees Brennan Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Sarah Rees Brennan Quotes"
keywords = "sarah rees brennan,sarah rees brennan quotes,sarah rees brennan quote,sarah rees brennan sayings,sarah rees brennan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love 'Gossip Girl'! I still miss 'Veronica Mars,' though.''' ,'''Books written by boys are given very different treatment to those written by girls: they're even given very different covers. People also expect, in this YA-booming world, girls to be less experimental than boys: girls are achieving a lot of success, but they're confined.''' ,'''I tend to get over-excited and very, very loud. I rein myself in when people flinch and dogs start howling.''' ,'''We love a lot of vampire fiction - both fiction in which the vampires are enemies to be battled or stone cold foxes to be dated.''' ,'''When my book was first sent out to publishers, my agent told me to buy a lot of ice-cream and wait. So I bought a gigantic amount of ice-cream, and huddled by the freezer eating it and shaking, hoping someone would like it.''' ,'''Taking notes at a pub in Salisbury, I was mistaken for a health inspector!''' ,'''I just have mysteries in all my books, I think, whether it's a boy investigating or a girl. I have an enduring fascination with mysteries of all kinds.''' ,'''When people talk about being a writer, the first words that come to mind are glamour and artistic parties like Charles Dickens used to mix cocktails for.''' ,'''Whether you're starving in a garret or living in a castle like J. K. Rowling, I had this image of the author as a flawless, composed individual, serene in the knowledge they were creating art.''' ,'''I call people 'petal' all the time. My postman is very confused by this.''' ,'''I love seeing my book on shelves and getting letters from people who liked the book. I love telling stories and having other people tell stories to me.''' ,'''I can find the fun in most situations.''' ,'''I have a confession to make - I truly love country music.''' ,'''Like any other person who reads a ton of books, I hate many, many books. Oh, how I hate them. I have performed dramatic readings of the books I hate. I have little hate summaries. I have hate impressions. I can act out, scene by hateful scene, some of these books. I can perform silent hate charades.''' ,'''I'm a girl, so I've experienced dismissal because I was a girl or because I write about girls: my book with a guy protagonist is treated as more literary and worthy than my other books with girl protagonists.''' ,'''I think more people are going to continue reading YA as well as reading other books because they have learned that they can find books there which they will truly love: a teenage protagonist is close enough to adult so readers of whichever age can sympathise and empathise with them.''' ,'''I really like vampire books. I might have a problem.''' ,'''Books for teens are amazing and compelling, I think, because they're generally set in a time in people's lives when they are uncertain about who they are and who they love and what the right thing is to do.''' ,'''I'm excited to see Cassie's fans and how they react to the ending of 'Clockwork Princess!' I love hanging out with readers and seeing the energy readers bring to a room: seeing so many people united in imagination is going to be wonderful.''' ,'''Home in Ireland, I went to Collins Barracks and spent some time wandering around, making notes on the various guns, knives and swords.''' ,'''I just think demons are terribly interesting! In Sumerian times, demons weren't seen as evil at all, just as incredibly powerful and very different from us: beings made of fire, when humans were made of earth.''' ,]
+++