+++
author = "Earl Monroe"
title = "Earl Monroe Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Earl Monroe Quotes"
keywords = "earl monroe,earl monroe quotes,earl monroe quote,earl monroe sayings,earl monroe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Baltimore was like a small town when I got there - the Colts, the Orioles, guys like Frank Robinson, we all knew and respected each other. Everyone would cross paths at one point at Lenny Moore's Sportsman's Lounge, trading stories and having some fun.''' ,'''I have been involved in music since 1972 when I started managing two artists from The Jimi Hendrix Band. My family has been involved in music for years, so it's kind of in my blood. I just wish I could sing!''' ,'''Just be patient. Let the game come to you. Don't rush. Be quick, but don't hurry.''' ,'''One of my other nicknames was Thomas Edison, because I invented so many moves.''' ,'''Basketball for me has always been a matter of rhythm - what you do bouncing the ball, how you bounce the ball, how you run, how you receive the ball to be in rhythm.''' ,'''I think that any time you're able to get a guy like Carmelo Anthony to be on your team, you're going to be a step up.''' ,'''Maybe someone will step up, but they don't have anyone right now.''' ,'''Jamal Crawford reminds me the most of myself, the way he goes to the basket. But they need leadership.''' ,'''Guys have to look up to somebody. Everybody needs to have their own role and somebody has to be the star.''' ,'''When people ask me what I miss most about the game, it's being in the locker room and getting to know the guys. Back in those days, we had roommates. We had to talk basketball and that was a great way to understand the game itself and form those lasting relationships.''' ,'''I started playing baseball and soccer. Those were my sports on the streets and in school when I was growing up. I didn't even start playing basketball until I was 14.''' ,'''The game of basketball is one thing, but the image of the game is another thing.''' ,]
+++