+++
author = "Jil Sander"
title = "Jil Sander Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Jil Sander Quotes"
keywords = "jil sander,jil sander quotes,jil sander quote,jil sander sayings,jil sander saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel that things happen for a reason and open up new opportunities.''' ,'''The market is like a language, and you have to be able to understand what they're saying.''' ,'''I am convinced that there can be luxury in simplicity.''' ,'''I try as much as possible to give you a great basic product and what comes out, I feel, is really amazing.''' ,'''Life is full of challenges and surprises.''' ,'''In the end, you can' t talk to everyone.''' ,'''One glass of water doesn't equal another. One may just appease the thirst, the other you may enjoy thoroughly. In Japan, people know about this difference.''' ,'''The '90s were extremely diverse, almost like a laboratory of the new century. There was much experimenting around, in politics, economics, gender and family structures, and also in fashion. There was a cloud of possibilities which kept us all dizzy.''' ,'''My approach has always been rather sensual.''' ,'''I'm not a gambler.''' ,'''Initially, it was the unpractical in fashion that brought me to design my own line. I felt that it was much more attractive to cut clothes with respect for the living, three-dimensional body rather than to cover the body with decorative ideas.''' ,'''You don't have to pay more to have a great form.''' ,'''I feel very strongly that clothes that fit well make a person feel better. It's maybe half the value of the merchandise.''' ,'''If I had the power, I would ban leggings.''' ,'''I think there is always a need for pure design. With pure design, you don't need so much decoration.''' ,'''If you cut a painter's hands off, he'd still feel the urge to pick up a brush.''' ,'''I have a lot of fantasy.''' ,'''It is not easy to dress well.''' ,'''The apparent pointlessness of fashion may be just what makes it so strong as a zeitgeist sensor. Even I, a designer, do not know why a certain proportion feels dated or why another one feels exciting at a given moment. I leave that to the cultural historians and theorists.''' ,'''It may sound ambitious, but I really hope that modern design will spread all around the globe.''' ,'''I am convinced that you don't need to spend a fortune to look like a million.''' ,'''I sometimes feel that a pattern is almost a fashion statement in itself.''' ,'''Even as a child, I told my whole family how to improve their looks.''' ,'''We look our best in subdued colors, sophisticated cuts, and a general air of sleek understatement.''' ,]
+++