+++
author = "Jonathan Tucker"
title = "Jonathan Tucker Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Jonathan Tucker Quotes"
keywords = "jonathan tucker,jonathan tucker quotes,jonathan tucker quote,jonathan tucker sayings,jonathan tucker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You can be drinking the wine today, but picking the grapes tomorrow.''' ,'''I can tell you the actor who I admire the most. Billy Crudup. Do you know who he is? He's awesome.''' ,'''I'm not a horror guy, it's not my thing, but I respect it a lot. I know how hard it is to make, especially to make good.''' ,'''I grew up, as I joke around, in the 'People's Republic of Charlestown' in the city of Boston. And I was blessed to be raised right there on Monument Square in Charlestown, and every morning I'd hop on the bus and go on a 45-minute ride out to the suburbs in Brooklyn for elementary school. And I got to have my seat, really, in both worlds.''' ,'''Whether you're doing Shakespeare or Disney, good work is good work.''' ,'''I have been blessed to have been working since I was 11. I think horror is an underrated genre. When done really well like in 'The Ruins', it pays homage to some of the stuff I really love in the '70s and incurs some of that energy the fanbase really wants to see.''' ,'''I'm not looking to be famous, but I want a body of work and a moral character that is deserving of fame.''' ,'''I've always used music for my acting, and I do have a kind of a very personal play list that I create.''' ,]
+++