+++
author = "Dia Mirza"
title = "Dia Mirza Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Dia Mirza Quotes"
keywords = "dia mirza,dia mirza quotes,dia mirza quote,dia mirza sayings,dia mirza saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was allowed to take my adoptive father's surname. My birth certificate has a different name. My passport has both my adoptive and biological father's surnames.''' ,'''I have enough make-up to last me five lifetimes.''' ,'''I lost my biological father at nine, but up until then, we celebrated Christmas and Easter too.''' ,'''It really doesn't matter whether it's an ensemble cast or it's a lead or what is perceived as a commercial or non-commercial or an offbeat film. None of that would matter, what really matters is the story and who's telling the story.''' ,'''I have 32 sweet teeth. I love everything from chocolates of all kinds to panna cotta to Khubhani ka Meetha and Double ka Meetha.''' ,'''For any female actor, the age between 35 to 45 is treacherous. Filmmakers tell me, I am at that awkward age. No parts are written for women in this age bracket, while men at that age flourish and have great careers.''' ,'''What gives you strength at any circumstance is your understanding of yourself.''' ,'''Be it acting, writing, directing or producing, I love cinema. I love the art of telling stories and I'm happy doing one of the above or all of the above.''' ,'''If you are asking me whether I would want to have kids, I would say obviously I want them. It's only natural after a certain phase in life.''' ,'''I always wanted to play a bigger part in the process of cinema, so production felt like a very natural progression and calling.''' ,'''People worship and revere Ganga as a mother, and then throw away flowers in a plastic bag into the same river.''' ,'''Give me rice, dal and some aachar any day, or a Spaghetti Bolognese.''' ,'''I have always believed that cinema is one of the greatest instruments of positive social change. Stories can be light, engaging and poignant, but they need to say something.''' ,'''I think every opportunity, every disappointment, every rejection, every accolade... everything has contributed in shaping my character and my choices and who I have become.''' ,'''I'm a minimalist: For a day look, I like earth tones,and at night I go with kohl and a smudgy black eye.''' ,'''Fortunately, I have never been a victim of sexual harassment. But there have been instances where I have lost out on work or people have shown disinterest in working with me because I was unwilling to succumb to this unspoken understanding of patriarchy.''' ,'''I have always believed that an artiste needs to respond to a story first. One has to feel it in order to live it.''' ,'''I am so glad to have found a sister in Sonam Nair. She makes work such a joy.''' ,'''I want to go back to the '80s, wish India could go back to '80s, when life was simple.''' ,'''It's important to be a witness to reality as this world can consume you.''' ,'''Being married to a wonderful, motivating partner has brought happiness and a greater sense of purpose to my life.''' ,'''I have always wanted to make a movie, in fact I always wanted to direct someday. But I never thought I would be a producer.''' ,'''The one thing I have discovered is that we all have challenges; the challenges vary, but our response to the challenges makes us people we are.''' ,'''I have grown up on a diet of sunrise picnics, learning the names of butterflies, planting trees.''' ,'''When I started out, at 19, I was told, by the media and the film industry to do a certain kind of films and work with certain kind of stars. Coming from a non-filmi background, I did not know how to go about it, as there were different people trying to push me in various directions.''' ,'''Beauty judgements are many and while we think that light skin women have no judgements to deal with. There is this filmmaker I love and respect and I really wanted to work with, once told me 'You are too fair to be in my movies.' And then I have also heard 'You are too pretty to play this part.'''' ,'''Every person has the ability to influence change. I am grateful that my voice counts, and I am able to influence change. But more than that, there is a certain amount of activism that is engrained in me.''' ,'''Working with a female director has great perks.''' ,'''When I was younger, back home in Hyderabad even I faced a stalker. I confronted him and asked him his name. That moment, the boy didn't have an answer.''' ,'''There are many women who are getting the opportunity to play fantastic parts on the web like Huma Qureshi in 'Leila,' Shefali Shah in 'Delhi Crime' and so many others. It gives opportunity to those who are not getting the work that they desire to do because of their age. So web is doing a social service.''' ,'''It's really wrong to judge someone because of their beliefs.''' ,'''My personal style is classic. So a classic element will always find its way into everything I wear.''' ,'''Every role I have in my kitty is different. None of them resemble the roles I have played in my earlier films.''' ,'''I have discovered the virtue of patience and I don't quite believe that taking a break for good reason can be a risk.''' ,'''Failure at the box office of some of my earlier films led to a lack of opportunity to play main lead in good films.''' ,'''Being pregnant is a wonderful thing. I have never understood why people make such a big deal of it though.''' ,'''One doesn't have to be an activist and start a movement.''' ,'''I did not set up Born Free because I wanted to see myself in films... I want to take my aspirations to another level.''' ,'''My stepfather was an exemplary human being. It took me a lot of time to accept him as a parent. But what he did intelligently was he befriended me.''' ,'''It is important for the film industry to rise above ageism.''' ,'''It is critical for us to cultivate consciousness and compassion towards our environment, create awareness, galvanize people, and build sustainable innovations for sustainable development.''' ,'''It takes a lot of drive to succeed as an independent producer.''' ,'''I've been meditating since 14 years and my mornings are spent in the building garden.''' ,'''I love being in front of the camera but I love the fact that I have more control as a producer.''' ,'''My father was a German architect and graphic designer, who travelled all over the world, teaching teachers on how to teach. On one such visit to the Max Mueller Bhavan in Delhi, he met my mother.''' ,'''I think good work, sincerity and discipline speak for themselves.''' ,'''Some people feel divorce is an excuse to not compromise. Yes, in life you have to adapt and compromise. But the questions is - when does it stop? How much is too much, how less is too little? That's a personal choice.''' ,'''I understand its fun to watch a web series up close to your chest is something else, but to see it on a bigger screen and to experience the emotions is magical.''' ,'''Digital shows have played a big part in empowering female artists. I'm very lucky to be a part of such projects.''' ,'''It was extraordinary living in Mumbai, navigating my course, understanding how to manage my finances on my own, mapping out my daily expenses.''' ,'''I am in Deepak Ramsay's 'Koi Mere Dil Mein Hain,' where I am a modern girl who wears bold outfits. She makes heads turn wherever she goes. She is not a brat. She nurses this false belief that she can get any man she wants.''' ,'''I feel that if you are a creative person, you choose various mediums to give vent to your ideas.''' ,'''Theatrical experience will always be the norm in India. In fact, as a producer and as an actor, I always hope that the magnum opus theatrical experience should always continue.''' ,'''I think the ability to empathize with another person's experience and go into the trajectory of their journey is challenging.''' ,'''Children are my favorite people, because they inspire me with their optimism and spirit.''' ,'''Beauty is not about good skin, features and figure, but about your nature and habits.''' ,'''I chase dreams that fulfill me and not a dream that somebody else describes to me.''' ,'''I was born and brought up in Hyderabad.''' ,'''It's really the tone that people use to convey things sometimes that can either become a compliment or an insult. It's not always what you are saying, it's about how you say it.''' ,'''The only challenge I faced in the beginning was that no one believed I could seriously see a film through.''' ,'''As a child, I remember seeing what a struggle it was for both my parents to accommodate and adjust to the idea of not being together. They cared for each other deeply; they loved each other. They just couldn't stay together because they wanted different things from life and sometimes, it happens.''' ,''''Kaafir' has come along because I have never been more aligned with my truth.''' ,'''I was told 'You should just do commercials and Bollywood' and Bollywood would be said to me like it's a bad thing.''' ,'''Nature is actually the greatest democracy in the world.''' ,'''I look for gravitas and substance that can outlast the theatrical experience.''' ,'''I happened to be spotted by a modeling agent who offered me a part-time job at 16. Everything happened very quickly after that - advertising campaigns, fashion shows, editorial shoots.''' ,'''I can make a mean Kachchi Biryani, and sometimes I bake it, too.''' ,'''I cannot write a novel because I cannot work in continuity. My works are more abstract, may be, I will try short story writing.''' ,'''My privilege as a celebrity doesn't disallow me pain.''' ,'''I believe in the power of one and that we are all bound by the thread of oneness and humanity.''' ,'''People all over the globe love to see women in a sari. I always love to be draped in one as well.''' ,'''I chose to be part of 'Kaafir' because the story called out to my soul, I need to connect with it.''' ,'''Don't hold back from being an 'empath.' Don't be afraid of shedding your tears. Feel it. Feel the full extent of everything. It gives us strength.''' ,'''Participating in Miss India was a paradigm shift and I had a blast.''' ,'''I should thank my parents for my beauty. It's in my genes.''' ,'''Dia is the way my name was originally spelt. When I was applying for my passport for the Femina Miss India Contest, someone spelt my name as Diya. Since it was on my passport, I couldn't do much about it.''' ,'''One thing led to another and I was selected from Hyderabad for the Miss India pageant. I remember my mother being really surprised that I wanted to take part!''' ,'''When you are an actor you are a very small part of a very large scheme of things.''' ,'''I am never going to stop evolving and growing.''' ,'''While growing up, I saw how finances can play havoc in anybody's life. While we were comfortable, money didn't come easy.''' ,'''People wonder why a man and woman can't be friends after being in love. It is because it's very tough to look beyond the hurt and try to find a common ground to be friends. It's it like a healing wound.''' ,'''Every child must have a childhood they deserve. But unfortunately, millions of children are deprived childhood and their dreams crushed under the burden of poverty.''' ,'''I don't give in and I don't believe in giving up. This comes naturally to me, I know no other way.''' ,'''One should never ignore or be afraid of reporting or calling out a harasser. There is no shame in doing so.''' ,'''It takes a lot to be a part of a film and as an artist, I want to be a part of subjects that makes me feel happy and that's become a big priority for me.''' ,'''When I was just four-and-a-half, my parents separated and both my parents remarried.''' ,'''I handle my home beautifully. However, I am not just my husband's name.''' ,'''If you are a woman and an actor, it does not mean that you have to contain or limit yourself to just being that.''' ,'''It is extremely empowering when you are making fundamental and critical decisions on different levels of production, till the final showcase on the screen.''' ,'''I get bored of training easily. I constantly need something to invigorate me, which will get me to hit the gym.''' ,'''I lost my biological father when I was 9, I lost my stepfather at 23. Both men had such a deep impact in my understanding of life.''' ,'''I calculated that if I live up to the age of 80, then I end up using 450 toothbrushes in my life. All that plastic! So I switched to bamboo toothbrushes years ago.''' ,'''I grew up on a staple of films where I saw actors like Waheeda Rehman, Smita Patil, Shabana Azmi, Madhuri Dixit, Sridevi playing very powerful parts in films.''' ,'''I started cooking when I was growing up in Hyderabad, and I was already pretty decent when I was around seven years old.''' ,'''I have never stored water in plastic bottles, always in glass, steel or copper bottles and containers. I even carry my own water to work, and refill bottles for drinking.''' ,'''Well, now I would like to kidnap Johnny Depp and yes, Ranbir Kapoor for sure.''' ,'''It is impossible to teach people to conserve nature if they don't learn to love nature.''' ,'''Roles for women need to be better written.''' ,'''I have always expressed my opinion fearlessly. To not express the truth is far more frightening.''' ,'''I only want to be part of movies that I believe in and I have no regrets.''' ,]
+++