+++
author = "Diane Kruger"
title = "Diane Kruger Quotes"
quotes_len = "79"
description = "the best 79 Diane Kruger Quotes"
keywords = "diane kruger,diane kruger quotes,diane kruger quote,diane kruger sayings,diane kruger saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew up loving actresses or actors who were very classy but who seemed a little bit mysterious because you couldn't grasp what they're really thinking.''' ,'''I do watch what I eat, but not for weight reasons.''' ,'''Critics can be harsh and I think it's going to take me a long time to make people see what I have inside of me and that I really put my guts into movies and that I'm not superficial and that I'm not just a pretty face.''' ,'''I think commitment is very important, particularly for me.''' ,'''I realized through my personal travels how little I know about certain conflicts, because I was too vain or self-absorbed to ask the questions. That's been the focus while I'm in my thirties - to become an accomplished woman, rather than some actress.''' ,'''I play a curator, the most American part you can think of. My work is to protect the Declaration of Independence. I work at the National Archives in Washington.''' ,'''I don't want to let my life as a woman pass me by. There's a time to work, there's a time to be young and crazy, and there should be a time to enjoy motherhood. I'm actually looking forward to that.''' ,'''What counts in Hollywood is box office. It doesn't really matter what people think of you as an actor because, as long as you have been in a movie that has made money, you will always get another job.''' ,'''Looking back at it now, I really feel like it was a gift because I don't know if I have the talent to become a prima ballerina. It's such a hard job to have. I don't have any regrets about it.''' ,'''I don't obsess about my weight. I just know I've got to watch it when my pants feel tight.''' ,'''I'm not a very good impersonator, my friends maybe, but not famous people.''' ,'''Modeling is so... not superficial. Well, I guess it is. But it's boring.''' ,'''Strong brows give me character.''' ,'''Life is more important than work.''' ,'''I only dance when I go out.''' ,'''I do give myself a break in my personal life but I think in work, if you don't push yourself you get bored and want to do something else.''' ,'''A lot of directors idealize their leading ladies or turn them into these objects of sexuality and beauty.''' ,'''In Paris, I rent a bike in the street and cycle around, and in L.A. I live up in the hills so I go hiking a lot.''' ,'''I feel as if sometimes women can't deal with what's going on and they have no one around who actually understands.''' ,'''I'm on time even when I try not to be.''' ,'''I really feel like the first day I went to drama school and I went up on stage, that I found my vocation. It's kind of a cliched thing to say but I really feel like it was what I was meant to do.''' ,'''With modeling, you pose. You want to look your best all the time. With acting, you have to be aware of the camera, but the more you show your imperfections, the better you're going to be.''' ,'''It's fun being one of the boys. It's fun to have a character that's rough and gets down and dirty and not to be this precious girl who just sits in the corner and just sort of stands by the action.''' ,'''It's taken me a long time to realize that my own life is far more interesting than any part I'll ever play.''' ,'''I'm European, small, dainty - but I actually consider myself more of a tomboy.''' ,'''Yeah, to me, acting is very therapeutic. I get out a lot of anger and frustration.''' ,'''It must have been so impossible to think about it and dare to do that, so they feel compassionate for her. I don't think the movie would work otherwise.''' ,'''I grew up with classical music when I was a ballet dancer. Now when I have to prepare an emotional scene, to cry or whatever, I listen to sonatas. Vivaldi and stuff. It's just beautiful to me.''' ,'''I would do anything for a part, nearly anything. Being in movies doesn't mean being pretty.''' ,'''I'm not one of those women who thinks beauty is a curse.''' ,'''I find that classical music helps put me in a place that is very calming and allows me to express emotion through my body. I played clarinet as a child, so I guess I have a bit of a musical ear.''' ,'''You always have to challenge yourself or else you get soft. Right?''' ,'''I didn't grow up watching a lot of TV.''' ,'''Being German, I think we don't really express a lot of things.''' ,'''I think they went with the idea that people know the story pretty much- knowing that he's going to take her when she's going to go with him. Also, the movie is really focused on Achilles and Hector and their battles.''' ,'''You should be smart enough to know that you don't know everything. But you have to believe in yourself. I certainly do.''' ,'''The only song I can sing is 'Lady in Red' so that must tell you how great it must have been.''' ,'''For exercise, I tend to like the outdoors. In Paris, I rent a bike in the street and cycle around, and in L.A. I live up in the hills so I go hiking a lot. I like to stay fit by being generally active.''' ,'''It's quite a famous story that takes place on Christmas Eve, and the Germans, French, and Scottish are trying to make peace one night and they bury their dead and they play football. I play a German opera singer, in German, which I never have so I am really excited about that.''' ,'''I'm not a snob.''' ,'''I consider myself a 'local' actor in France. I started out in France, I went to drama school in France and the French film community was very welcoming to me when I was a young actress.''' ,'''You know, I might get married at 50 or 60, when it actually means something to say 'for the rest of my life.'''' ,'''I have a kind of boring personal life, to the paparazzi anyway, and I don't hang with the cool crowd.''' ,'''Above all, I dislike vulgarity.''' ,'''I like the idea of accessibility, coming from a lower-middle-class background myself, I feel like beauty and products should be accessible to all women over the world.''' ,'''It's maybe hard to believe, but as a kid I really had a lot of self-doubts. My father was very ill - he was an alcoholic - so there were a lot of things that built up for me. And because I was going to a Catholic school in a small German town, a lot of it was suppressed. I was angry and didn't know how to get it out.''' ,'''I don't know about style. I know about my personal style.''' ,'''I don't know how you prepare for something like that. I cannot imagine living in a fishbowl like that. I don't live here so I don't know it will be that bad anyway because I live in Paris and we don't have that sort of phenomenon there. So I don't know, we'll see what happens.''' ,'''I don't make movies thinking: 'Oh, this is going to be a huge box-office hit.'''' ,'''I don't want to live my life in a five-star hotel. That's not real life to me. You can't appreciate it.''' ,'''What I really tried to do with Helen was make her show this sad side of her. She was married off at 16, was so young and living in this castle that can't leave because of how she looks, and married to a man she hates and three times her age.''' ,'''I don't have any romantic ideas about marriage. Trust me. A white dress... ? No. It's not something for me.''' ,'''I don't have to work just to work anymore. More interesting parts come my way, so I can afford to say, 'I don't want to make that.'''' ,'''I am a better person when I let myself have the time for romance and for love.''' ,'''But quite honestly, personally, I was much more concerned - I mean, there's not much I can do about my appearance obviously other than spending four hours in hair and makeup.''' ,'''If you're with someone who makes you happy in your personal life, then you're happy with where you're at.''' ,'''I've worked with actors who were very helpful and a lot better than I was.''' ,'''I see myself raising my children in Europe, probably in Paris.''' ,'''When I was younger - it might be a romantic idea - I always thought I might go crazy.''' ,'''I went to a Catholic school, and I just rebelled.''' ,'''I know a lot of people think, 'She's so glamorous.' But that's really not me at all.''' ,'''Every actor you learn from, take something from everyone - big actor or not. Whether they're big movie stars or not doesn't really matter.''' ,'''I have three goddaughters - I'm not sure why they trust me, because I have no experience with children - but I try.''' ,'''I love Nic Cage. He was so much fun to work with.''' ,'''When I turned 30, I realized how ignorant I really was. I always thought I had a very accomplished life.''' ,'''I think Charlize Theron is just as good when she is looking really pretty in a movie as when she gains 10 pounds and puts on a nose. I applaud her - good for her that she doesn't care. But she's just as good, whether she's pretty or not.''' ,'''I made a French film called 'Merry Christmas' which is a very European film. It's a World War I piece.''' ,'''I get offered a World War II movie at least once a week just because I speak German and was born there. I have always stayed away from it because I didn't want to be put into that box.''' ,'''Berlin is still going through a transition since the Cold War - both in what used to be East and West Berlin. I can still sense the confusion and the struggle for identity there in the streets. There's a pulse to it.''' ,'''I'm very independent. I'm not sure how I'd deal with someone who wanted to be with me 24/7.''' ,'''Family is becoming more and more important to me.''' ,'''Her beauty didn't do her any good and she couldn't use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time.''' ,'''Orlando's a really cool guy. They hired him for 'Lord of the Rings' out of drama school. He's very new at this still and doesn't have a lot of experience. So we were in this together and we've tried to help each other out. We felt very equal which was good.''' ,'''You can learn any accent you want. It's a fascinating thing.''' ,'''The ultimate art form of fashion is couture. I completely geek out when it comes to couture. It shows fashion as it used to be. I don't know how many people can actually afford the clothes, but in a way, that's beside the point.''' ,'''My sport is biking. I'm not much of a gym person, but I like being outside - hiking, canoeing, camping.''' ,'''I grew up loving actresses or actors who were very classy but who seemed a little bit mysterious because you couldn't grasp what they're really thinking. I mean, Grace Kelly always looked impossibly glamorous, yet you could always see there was something behind her eyes.''' ,'''In between films I like to travel and hope to visit every continent before I become a mother.''' ,'''I like to stay fit by being generally active.''' ,]
+++