+++
author = "Jrue Holiday"
title = "Jrue Holiday Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jrue Holiday Quotes"
keywords = "jrue holiday,jrue holiday quotes,jrue holiday quote,jrue holiday sayings,jrue holiday saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've never wanted to move around a lot to try to win. There's comfort in staying in one place and a challenge in finding the right pieces.''' ,'''I think it's more fun, where everybody gets to touch the ball. That's always a good feeling.''' ,'''When I come off the bench, I'm more of a scorer, instead of trying to facilitate for everybody.''' ,'''Marcus Smart - I love playing against him because he takes defense as seriously as I do. I don't flop, though. People are always telling me I need to learn to flop. Nah.''' ,'''I've always been pretty vocal to my teammates. I'm really positive and optimistic. Positive enforcement - I feel like throwing that energy into the air is big.''' ,'''I mean, you can't really enjoy some of the games that you've had. Like I think I've had a career-high night or whatever and we still lost. I'd much rather have the win and had fewer points.''' ,'''I'll do anything the team needs.''' ,'''Close wins really remind us that down the stretch, we can come together and do the right thing, and make the right plays.''' ,'''That's where the very best players in the league end up - the Olympics.''' ,'''I know sometimes when you get injured, a lot of the time you're in the training room. But getting out there on the court - if you're on the sideline cheering them on or even at practice, you've just gotta talk and communicate in that way.''' ,'''Chris Paul is one of those guys growing up, I guess I looked up to. Deron Williams was one of those guys, Dwyane Wade, Baron Davis.''' ,'''I don't watch film defensively necessarily, but I do watch basketball.''' ,'''I've dreamed of winning a national championship and I've dreamed of being an Olympian.''' ,'''I'm just trying to be the best that I can be.''' ,'''I played the drums. I basically started off in drum line. So it was just straight percussion. Then I got into the drum set. I was in the jazz band and then all through high school I was in orchestra.''' ,'''I think everybody in this world wants to save money.''' ,'''You see some of the bigger guards, like Deron Williams and even Baron Davis back in the day. They would bump you with their shoulder and you were going to fall back.''' ,'''All these experiences I've had, I wouldn't change it for the world.''' ,'''I want to be an all-star. It's something I've dreamed of.''' ,'''I think the teams who usually win stay together, go through struggles together, and all that.''' ,'''Philly has that tradition of great basketball.''' ,'''I always tried to win. Philly saw that.''' ,'''I knew kids whose first car was one of those exclusive Range Rovers, where only two of that model would be made in the world. I would visit my friends' houses, and they'd be as big as this whole gym. And then I'd go home, and me and Justin would be sleeping together. On a pull-out couch.''' ,'''I would like to shoot a better 3-point percentage, especially because the game is becoming more 3-point oriented.''' ,'''Every time I step on the floor I'm going to be there and contribute to the team.''' ,'''In my rookie year, I got a chance to play and from there on, I just tried to prove I can be a really good player in this league.''' ,'''When I first got drafted, I've really grown. Coming in, I was kind of nervous but honestly I've been really blessed going to two playoff series, one against Miami and the next year against Chicago and the Celtics. I've progressed easier.''' ,'''New Orleans is kind of like a second home for me.''' ,'''People will come up to me and want to take pictures with me because I'm Lauren's husband, and not a basketball player.''' ,'''Obviously representing your country, having U.S.A. on your chest is one of the most important things you can do to give back to your country.''' ,'''I like to see other people succeed.''' ,'''Obviously there are certain times when you need to be selfish in the game, but to be selfless and do what's best for your teammates, I think that that's winning basketball.''' ,'''You see the teams that are winning or have won, and you see chemistry on and off the court.''' ,'''I would just go out and play every game and leave it all out on the floor, and I guess I had the talent to get into a great college like UCLA.''' ,'''You see guys like Rajon Rondo, John Wall, Derrick Rose; these guys are fast, quick, explosive, can get up off the floor.''' ,'''There are moments I get pretty passive and just have to be aggressive.''' ,'''I love gadgets.''' ,'''You can't have your girlfriend mad at you.''' ,'''In Philly, I had to be a scorer for us to have a chance to win.''' ,'''I don't need the ball to always help the team.''' ,'''Having your voice heard makes you feel more involved and somewhat important.''' ,'''Dancing and goofing off kind of loosens me up a little bit, gets me ready.''' ,'''You don't have to get all the way into the paint to still draw attention or get contact.''' ,'''I never really talked about being an NBA player or a college player. I just really like playing basketball.''' ,'''When you've been off the court as much as I was, there's so much motivation to stay on it.''' ,'''It's just something I've always enjoyed doing, going to the church league and playing.''' ,'''I've been so blessed to make this money and to play basketball and still have a job, but there are people out there who need support from us.''' ,'''There's pressure everywhere. For me, being able to control that, handle that through my family life, handle that with my teammates who support me and I them, I feel that's kind of how you get through those type of pressure times.''' ,'''Our parents did a good job of instilling values in us, being able to do something you love. And when it gets hard, don't quit. To have faith in times where things might get hard in basketball, or maybe in life. It's being able to have a support system. Being able to have family, to help you through whatever.''' ,'''I have to just keep being aggressive. Once I see openings I just have to take them and not be passive.''' ,'''My parents never pressured us. I didn't even know how good my mom and dad were until someone told us.''' ,'''Being quick off the ground helps you block shots.''' ,'''I honestly see myself as an impact player.''' ,'''I can distribute, I can lock up on defense.''' ,'''As a point guard, you don't really have to score. The only time you have to score is when you have to score.''' ,'''You know how you see Chris Brown and all these guys playing basketball? Chris Brown is actually not bad so I feel like it's okay that some of these basketball players are trying to rap.''' ,'''If I go 1-for-9 in a game and we win, it doesn't bother me.''' ,'''I'll obviously never get to play in the World Cup, but I get to experience it because of Lauren.''' ,'''I mean, it's funny, I'm not going to lie. It's funny saying it. We're the Pelicans.''' ,'''There aren't many people that can say that they went up against their brother and do it multiple times. Any time I get to I try to take advantage of it. I guess by trying to dunk on him.''' ,'''Going into games, it's not like I'm thinking about scoring or doing other things for me individually.''' ,'''I train to play 48 minutes per game or 48-plus when needed.''' ,'''I realize that you still have to take the game seriously, but you have to have fun at the same time.''' ,'''Obviously there are times when you don't listen to your parents, when you are looking for something in your life - you're searching. But God has given me faith and helped provide me with the answers that I've needed.''' ,'''The bonding off the court correlates a lot to on the court.''' ,'''I like shoes. Always liked shoes. Wanted to be a shoe designer or somebody who made shoes, something in shoes.''' ,'''Losing definitely does stink.''' ,'''Honestly, I think in any position there's some sort of pressure.''' ,'''I played piano growing up, had lessons and all that. I still try to touch up on that every once in a while.''' ,'''There is just something about the playoffs and the atmosphere, and feeling like it's you against the world, that gets you going.''' ,'''In college, it's all about defense.''' ,'''Playoffs are like another season to be completely honest. I don't know how to describe it, but it's kind of like a different wave of energy.''' ,'''Guys love to run when they know they're going to get the ball.''' ,'''Philly, I feel like, is where I became a man and matured my game and became better. I went through the good and the bad with my teammates and it taught me a lot. With the fans and all, it was a great experience.''' ,'''Just knowing the game of basketball, it's important to be able to see it from a different perspective, not only offensively but also defensively.''' ,'''Who doesn't like scoring?''' ,'''There's definitely more to life than just basketball. You can touch, interact, talk to a lot more people and do a lot more things. At the same time, I think some of those things are interesting.''' ,'''For me, as a point guard, you have to construct everything. If you make everybody happy, you are going to be happy.''' ,'''Everyone wants to represent their country and my dream is to one day play in the Olympics.''' ,'''Off the court, I'm not really that physical.''' ,'''In my opinion, when I look at teams, I feel like the ones who have a really good chance of winning are the ones who defend.''' ,'''I'm not really a money man. I'd rather get the wins.''' ,'''As long as I keep my head clear and hit the books, then God will take me to whatever heights I'm going to.''' ,'''I'm blessed to be where I am, but there are a lot of uncertainties in this life.''' ,'''I love honey buns.''' ,'''If I'm aggressive, scoring, that's going to open things up for everyone else.''' ,'''You can't stop the top players but you can slow them down. I think it's a team thing.''' ,'''I enjoy basketball.''' ,'''The only way to condition for basketball is to actually play basketball.''' ,'''Some guys, when they are starting they play better. Starting means a lot to them.''' ,'''People ask me if I would like to make the All-Star team. I mean, seriously, who wouldn't?''' ,'''I used to play soccer when I was little, but everybody played soccer when they were little.''' ,'''I don't need any accolades. I don't like being famous. But I can always tell people I used to defend guys like Kevin Durant, and they respect my defense.''' ,'''I have a lot of confidence in my game. I'm not the flashiest guy, not the most athletic. I'm just solid. And I've always tried to do everything right.''' ,'''I've seen teams and I've been on teams where, when adversity hits you, you kind of crumble.''' ,'''I guess you kind of take what the defense gives you. You don't always want to just force it.''' ,'''If you try to mess with the game and kind of go through the motions, that is not the right way to play.''' ,'''Guarding Kevin Durant - that's fun for me.''' ,'''I love the challenge of defense.''' ,'''If you are an Olympian you are considered to be the best, like Kobe and 'Melo.''' ,]
+++