+++
author = "Helen Fielding"
title = "Helen Fielding Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Helen Fielding Quotes"
keywords = "helen fielding,helen fielding quotes,helen fielding quote,helen fielding sayings,helen fielding saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always market research my books before I hand them in by showing them to five or six close friends who I trust to be honest with me, so they are very heavily re-written already.''' ,'''Women today are bombarded with so many messages, like we should have Naomi Campbell's body and Madeleine Albright's career.''' ,'''It is a truth universally acknowledged that as soon as one part of your life starts looking up, another falls to pieces.''' ,'''I was writing an earnest novel about cruises in the Caribbean and I just started writing 'Bridget Jones' to get some money, to finance this earnest work, and then I chucked it out.''' ,'''Dieting on New Year's Day isn't a good idea as you can't eat rationally but really need to be free to consume whatever is necessary, moment by moment, in order to ease your hangover. I think it would be much more sensible if resolutions began generally on January the second.''' ,'''The whole point of diaries is that other people find them and read what you've put. I did once take to writing my inner thoughts on the computer at the end of other things I was writing and ended up faxing four pages of hideous stuff to my accountant so I don't do that now.''' ,'''I've had a lot of books rejected in my time. My first novel, which didn't get published, was, with hindsight, crashingly dull.''' ,'''It is horrid to smirk.''' ,'''It's rather fun writing a female spy, because she has so much more kit. Bond never carried a hair dryer or a makeup bag. And he certainly didn't wear an uplift bra.''' ,'''I think that when you're writing fiction what you're doing is reflecting life as you see it, and putting down how you think and how other people think, and the sort of confusions that you don't normally like to admit to.''' ,'''I certainly think I'll end up writing about America in some form. I've taken plenty of notes. I like America very much.''' ,'''There are so many images pushed at women and so many ideas of what you're supposed to be. I think there's too much of this superwoman, this woman with a bottom like two billiard balls. There's no real celebration of just being a person.''' ,'''I come from Yorkshire in England where we like to eat chip sandwiches - white bread, butter, tomato ketchup and big fat french fries cooked in beef dripping.''' ,'''I like L.A. It's like a mini break. For a writer, it's hilarious. Like the food. Where I come from, we eat chip sandwiches: white bread, butter, tomato catsup and big fat french fries. It's delicious. Here, you order a creme caramel and the waiter says, 'You know, that contains dairy.'''' ,'''My books have all generated controversy.''' ,'''Comedy tends to come out of things which are quite painful and serious.''' ,'''If we can't have comedy books written about aspects of womanhood without going into a panic attack about it, then we haven't got very far at being equal.''' ,'''Nobody wants to be racist and I think that most people aren't.''' ,]
+++