+++
author = "Sharon Van Etten"
title = "Sharon Van Etten Quotes"
quotes_len = "120"
description = "the best 120 Sharon Van Etten Quotes"
keywords = "sharon van etten,sharon van etten quotes,sharon van etten quote,sharon van etten sayings,sharon van etten saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I started writing for myself when I didn't know how to understand how I was feeling, and I didn't know how to talk to people about it, so I would break into the subconscious to try and understand what I was going through.''' ,'''My mom used to ask me when I was gonna write a happy song. I still tell her that it's when I start to write really happy-sounding songs that everyone needs to start worrying.''' ,'''In 2015, I told my band that I was taking a break so I could focus on my home life, go back to school, and try to remember what it was like to feel like a human being again.''' ,'''If I make assumptions about the audience and start overthinking things, I can drive myself crazy about how the audience perceives me. I try not to do that anymore.''' ,'''I hate putting negative energy out into the world. But it's either inside or out. I mean, it's either get an ulcer or have a fight.''' ,'''I'm a lot more secure than I used to be.''' ,'''Noveller make soundscapes that are creepy, ethereal, really beautiful and all over the place. They can be intense, dark, and groovy but also dreamlike and happy.''' ,'''I'm pursuing a degree in mental health counseling. It'll be a long journey, and I still want to do music and other creative projects.''' ,'''I don't know how to get a crowd singing along. That's not what my music does.''' ,'''I don't like to hold back. Especially with who I am and what I do, it's all me. Everything's my name; it's what I do. It's how I feel. It's what I think.''' ,'''Both my brothers are drummers.''' ,'''Everyone has their down days. Unfortunately, that's when I am the most prolific.''' ,'''I'm a really strong person. I've no regrets in my life.''' ,'''In some ways, being on the road is like summer camp. There's a camaraderie, but I'm also learning how to be more of a leader.''' ,'''When I first started making music, it was where I went when I couldn't express myself, when I wasn't able to connect with other people, when I couldn't talk about what I was going through.''' ,'''All the records I keep are like friends I visit.''' ,'''I hit 'record' whenever I'm going through a really hard time. I don't listen to it for a couple of days, so I have some perspective. If it's too personal to share, and I feel like would alienate the listeners, then I usually don't share that stuff.''' ,'''Just getting older, you stop caring what other people think, but also, you know who you are, and you know what you want.''' ,'''I'm a sucker for a love song!''' ,'''I think there are times in a lot of people's pasts where they've unintentionally fallen in love with really damaged people. You go out with someone who's a mess so you can feel less of a mess.''' ,'''You write these vulnerable songs as a sort of therapy, but if you don't confront people on a daily basis, it's not reality. There's still a bit of separation there.''' ,'''People always ask me, 'Why do you only write about heartbreak?' I think I only write when I'm broken, so that's just what happens. It makes me feel better, but having some distance helps.''' ,'''I'm not the sad sack that people might think I am. But I think that if I didn't write and perform, I probably would be.''' ,'''People relate to songs so differently. No matter what it's about in reality, people create their own meaning behind it and connect with it on their own terms.''' ,'''I'm getting bored performing the same songs over and over. Songwriting comes and goes.''' ,'''You'd better have something good to say if you've got a roomful of people who've paid to see you.''' ,'''I work a lot with sounds based on stream of consciousness. I like the way it sounds, then I turn it into something that makes more sense.''' ,'''I believe my songs are strong enough to stand on their own - even way back then when they were recorded badly and minimally.''' ,'''My goal is to become a therapist by the time I'm 50.''' ,''''The Boatman's Call' is amazing; it's an album of love songs, really beautiful.''' ,'''I always write from a personal place - whether it be about my friends or myself or a story that I heard.''' ,'''Everything will be okay. I have a sticker on my laptop that says that.''' ,'''I realized that there's this fine line between being personal and being general and being alienating.''' ,'''I only write when I'm in a dark place. I hit 'record' and get it out, writing and playing my guitar at the same time.''' ,'''My career is based off of me talking about my emotions.''' ,'''On first listen, it's nice to just soak up the sound without thinking about what it means. It's like a relationship. Records I've had for years mean more to me now than they did years ago.''' ,'''I totally lucked out by meeting a lot of amazing people. I guess it stems from going to shows and being confident enough to meet people and be able to talk to them like a normal person rather than have my head down all the time.''' ,'''Honestly, live is my favorite way of performing. Every show is a completely different energy.''' ,'''Performing a song is intense. When I see people connecting, it makes it all worthwhile.''' ,'''I moved to New York to pursue music.''' ,'''I've always liked to learn how to do things - I'm a hobby person. So I'll learn something at a beginner's level, then usually move on to the next thing.''' ,'''I get things out of my system through my songs, but, because they can be about so many different things, it takes me a while to get through them emotionally.''' ,'''My mom is a history teacher, so we'd go on all these historic trips as kids around Halloween, because it was kind of creepy.''' ,'''As a kid, you put musicians on a pedestal - well, I did. The more you meet bands, and the more you hang around them, you can have normal conversations.''' ,'''Relationships. Ugh. You have to laugh sometimes.''' ,'''I hate the term 'emo.' It turned into this genre of music, when all music, if you connect with it, is emotional.''' ,'''I love traveling. I love meeting people. I love performing, but it's hard to be gone and to not have a real life and to just get the emotional love that you need from the people you're traveling with.''' ,'''Brit Marling is very positive, very professional, very encouraging.''' ,'''I'm a late bloomer in music.''' ,'''I started playing, and people responded to it and connected with it and now, I don't even know what I'm really connecting with anymore or if I'm helping people. Now it's more of a business.''' ,'''I was so broken when I did the first record. I was living in my parents' basement, I didn't know anyone. I was broken-hearted and writing this really dark record. I was at the bottom of a well.''' ,'''I am my therapist, and I analyze what's happening and if I'm being hurt in the process. The result is songs that are very emotional, very deep, although I try to write them generally so they won't alienate the listener.''' ,'''Half of my anxiety is about whether people are going to like me.''' ,'''The only thing that's helped me get through some really hard times was just being able to write and express - it's very cathartic for me. I'm hoping that, by writing and performing for other people, it affects them the same way.''' ,'''In my teenage years, there was a lot of angst going on.''' ,'''I would love to work with PJ Harvey some day.''' ,'''Sadness isn't an emotion that most cool bands want to talk about.''' ,'''I'm very democratic about stuff. I know what I want, but I also like getting opinions and people sharing ideas.''' ,'''I'm not a down-in-the-dumps person. I think some people assume that I am because of the music I write.''' ,'''I didn't start writing with band arrangements until I was working on 'Tramp.'''' ,'''I can't read notes well, but I can hear something and sing a harmony to it automatically.''' ,'''Sometimes music should just be about you sitting on your bedroom floor, or in the back of the car, singing along stupidly. Evan Dando's music was all about that for me.''' ,''''Imperfiction' will forever be one of my favorite records and moments in time.''' ,'''It's not onstage as often anymore, but whenever I got anxious, I used to talk a lot more, and I wouldn't even know what I was saying... it was so bad. If I just talk myself through something, even if it's just talking about nothing, it usually gets me out of it.''' ,'''The studio is a time when you can do anything that you want to. You have that freedom.''' ,'''I feel like I'm getting better at being a writer.''' ,'''When I write, it's to heal. It's my own self-therapy so that I don't actually feel sad all of the time.''' ,'''Music is still my main thing, but I will explore anything that's interesting and challenging.''' ,'''I've always been really shy. I was always afraid of any kind of confrontation.''' ,'''Most musicians are normal people who want to hang out and are really down to earth.''' ,'''I was without my own place for nearly two years. It's such a cliche to be a homeless musician in New York, but luckily, I had amazing friends who let me stay with them. I visited my parents a lot. It's not like I was sleeping in my car, though I might have done that once... But it was by choice!''' ,'''I used to work at a label. I used to be a publicist. I used to be at a management company.''' ,'''I'm trying to learn how to cook.''' ,'''Moving to New York City and doing what I do, social anxiety is a really ridiculous kind of curse to have. But I met people along the way who deal with it - performers as well - and they are learning to deal with it daily and deal with it in different ways.''' ,'''I'm a total goofball.''' ,'''I'm still friends with most of my exes. There are only one or two people that I'll never talk to again.''' ,'''Time is very weird.''' ,'''I have this red cardigan that my friend Coco gave me that has holes for thumbs. It's my cozy sweater. I wear it a lot.''' ,'''I feel like, as a female, I am maybe hyper-sensitive to feeling pushed into a corner or somebody taking a song a different way.''' ,'''I didn't think I was helping other people. But I think that comes hand in hand with trying to be able to connect with people, and if you make things too personal, then it's harder for people to relate to you. Otherwise, it's just them listening to you read your diary.''' ,'''I definitely wouldn't consider myself a professional, but I like to dress up like one.''' ,'''When I can write a song in a way where I feel like other people can relate to it, and I can take it past being cathartic just for me, that's when I know I can share it. Otherwise, I'd just feel like it's selfish.''' ,'''I think, in general, I find writing to be very therapeutic and singing in itself to be really therapeutic.''' ,'''My friends actually used to call me the 'Female Conor Oberst.' I got to open up with him once, and I told him about that, and he thought it was hilarious.''' ,'''The dilemma I have is that everything I do at work is all about me, and at what point is that selfish? I'm just talking and singing about myself, or I'm standing on a stage and hoping that everybody likes me. Obviously, it's also about the music and feeling and connecting; I know it's deeper than that.''' ,'''I'm nervous performing because it's such a weird thing to do, standing on stage demanding people's attention.''' ,'''I don't think I'll ever feel perfectly balanced, but I feel like I'm figuring it out, and I'm surrounded by really wonderful people that want to see me succeed and be happy. Life is wild.''' ,'''I think leading up to the tour is the most stressful part because you barely have any time home.''' ,'''I'm still learning how to be comfortable touring. I haven't found that balance yet.''' ,'''I have a day job Monday to Friday. I work at a record label in Brooklyn called Ba Da Bing. It's a great indie label and I listen to music all day. I meet people online and find out about the cool new music blogs.''' ,'''I go back to things all the time. It's really nice, too, like when I'm going through some kind of a writer's block, and I'm feeling uninspired, I go to some of my oldest songs from over the years and sift through them, and one thing that's very nice is to see how I've grown up a little bit. A little bit.''' ,'''If I start panicking a little bit, I just talk through it with somebody.''' ,'''There's something to writing a hook and something to writing a memorable melody. That's what I liked about musicals. Then I realized I could write my own songs, and I didn't have to sing other people's.''' ,'''I try to focus on the melodies and try to make everything else minimal. The melody and the lyrics are most important to me.''' ,'''I was in musicals. and I was in the choir when I was younger. Before I started writing my own songs, I thought I wanted to be on Broadway, but it was nothing I ever really pursued.''' ,'''I overthink everything. I'm just like, 'Wait, why do they want to hear me?' I start doubting myself. Other times, I'll just get so emotional during a song. Sometimes I'll cry while I'm singing. It's so weird. I'm such a baby.''' ,'''I'm really out of touch with myself emotionally. I've always had a hard time talking about how I feel.''' ,'''I will entertain things that are entertaining and sound interesting and challenge me. But acting just doesn't come second-nature to me.''' ,'''I wanna grow and develop as an artist, and I feel like different kinds of collaborations can only help me in that way.''' ,'''Hopefully, the stuff that is way too personal that I record and keep - people won't hear it because it's way too personal.''' ,'''I only work with people that are mysteries.''' ,'''I love how small the world is.''' ,'''Writing songs helped me figure out how to communicate with other people. I finally figured out that if I could express something in a song, I could probably express it in my real life, too.''' ,'''I don't want to bury anything in poetry.''' ,'''I used to hyperventilate, but I don't do that anymore.''' ,'''It's really hard to watch yourself.''' ,'''I have a lot of alter-egos: I would love to be a back-up singer for someone someday. I have an electronic side-project. I have a '90s grunge side project; I have a piano project... I have this industrial, goth-electronic song, super creepy sounding, just really dark and dreary.''' ,'''I guess I usually write when I'm in a really intense headspace, because it's my form of self-therapy.''' ,'''I didn't have my first band until I was, like, 30.''' ,'''I love being domestic: making coffee, just putting on a record, and just sitting, not doing anything. It's so great.''' ,'''One day when I have a band I will have a band name, but since it's just me I feel it should just be my name. For me it doesn't make much sense since the music is from me and about me. I haven't ever been in a band.''' ,'''I wasn't a very good salesman.''' ,'''I like having a home. I like having a place to return to.''' ,'''I have a hard time not wearing my heart on my sleeve and answering people honestly. You know, my friends warn me that I should be more guarded 'cause sometimes I am too honest and open, but it's also just who I am.''' ,'''I was pretty troubled for a long time. And I didn't know that. As a kid, I never talked about my emotions. My mom gave me a journal, but I didn't know what it meant. I just wrote all the time, not even thinking about it. But it also made me feel better.''' ,'''Singing a song like 'Your Love Is Killing Me,' people are worried about me. My mother called me, like, 'What's going on with you? Are you alright? I thought you were doing fine.' And I'm like, 'I am doing fine. It's just, this is what I do.'''' ,'''Whatever your writing is about, you're really connected with it, and you can always go back to when that was. I remember everything, and time and place are like a center for me.''' ,'''I always had a hard time communicating my emotions. I'd retreat into my bedroom and listen to music. And when you're a teenager, you're dealing with all these hormones. It's like, 'What are these?'''' ,'''Every time I re-perform a song, I gain some perspective.''' ,'''I'm attracted to music made by people who let themselves be emotional. They really care about what they do, and we believe in what they say.''' ,]
+++