+++
author = "Emmanuel Adebayor"
title = "Emmanuel Adebayor Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Emmanuel Adebayor Quotes"
keywords = "emmanuel adebayor,emmanuel adebayor quotes,emmanuel adebayor quote,emmanuel adebayor sayings,emmanuel adebayor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have never criticised Tottenham fans.''' ,'''As a footballer, I know I am a role model for a lot of African kids, and I want to make a direct impact on their lives.''' ,'''The worst coach I have ever had was Roberto Mancini. I never liked his training methods.''' ,'''If one player can say that I, Emmanuel Adebayor, spoke badly to anyone in the changing rooms, then I'd honestly like to know who it is. It has never happened in my life.''' ,'''As a footballer, you still have to dream.''' ,'''My relationship with Pochettino was beautiful. I think we have a very, very good relationship, with man-to-man conversations.''' ,'''I have never been a bad influence in the dressing room.''' ,'''I was not born with a golden spoon in my mouth.''' ,'''It was a dream to play in a stadium as impressive as the Santiago Bernabeu.''' ,'''I went through a lot of good moments in Arsenal and a lot of difficult moments as well.''' ,'''If I regret leaving City, I'd regret leaving Madrid, I would regret Arsenal, and I would regret maybe even Metz, where I started off. So I have no regrets in life; life is too short to start regretting things.''' ,'''I never regret making a decision.''' ,'''If you are Cesc, going to Barcelona, he will make more money, more sponsorship, and he is going home. What did Arsenal do to keep him at the club? Absolutely nothing. Now the fans say he is not loyal. When you leave Arsenal, you become a traitor, regardless of what you have done.''' ,'''A player playing with confidence is better than a player playing with doubt in his head.''' ,'''I did not walk for the first four years of my life.''' ,'''We all play football to get money.''' ,'''For me, apart from having my baby, the best thing is whenever I score my next goal.''' ,'''He gave me the chance to be where I am today, and He's the one that can take it all away from me. So at the team hotel, I pray before sleeping, and I pray again in the morning.''' ,'''We all have to fight through our mistakes to become a better man.''' ,'''In Spain, people understand football is a fun game, and enjoyment comes first. After that, business follows.''' ,'''In life, there are always ups and downs, and I had them at Tottenham.''' ,'''The best coach I have ever worked with is certainly Jose Mourinho. He has an unparalleled passion.''' ,'''Wenger gave me the opportunity to be where I am today. He's a coach that helped me a lot, who gave me a chance, who's always been there for me in the bad moments. He called me, consoled me, gave me good advice, told me what I had to do to become a great player. I can only thank him.''' ,'''I'm not really happy with my football career, but I can't complain about it, either.''' ,'''I'm sure any player will tell you that to play with Real Madrid is a dream come true. I dreamt of playing here when I was young, at one of the biggest clubs in the world.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to forget about playing beautiful football and just make sure you win.''' ,'''I love England.''' ,'''I had some great experiences in England in clubs who are among the best in the country. I was happy there - my family, too. The only error that I made was to sign for Crystal Palace in January 2016.''' ,'''I plan with the BBC African Player of the Year award to become an agent of hope and positive change in the lives of the millions of African youths who have lost hope and are deprived.''' ,'''I know what it is to have nothing.''' ,'''If I score against Tottenham, trust me - I'm going to celebrate.''' ,'''Money is killing football: people are making their decisions based on money.''' ,'''There are only a few players who play in the same team all their career. You come from somewhere and go somewhere else.''' ,'''It hurts when you are at a club you loved, a place where you think you might want to end your career, and things go badly.''' ,'''I played for Arsenal for more than three years, and I had fantastic moments. Maybe they made me one of the best strikers in the world, because under Arsene Wenger, I learned a lot of things - but you have to move on.''' ,'''You can insult me - you can judge me on the football pitch - that's normal. But don't touch my family. Don't touch my parents. I love them more than everything on this earth.''' ,'''All the Arsenal fans boo me, and when I look back, I understand where everything went wrong, but there are certain things in life you cannot come back to anymore.''' ,'''Football is a game. Don't get me wrong - there is money and other things in it, too - but it's still only a game.''' ,'''I'm full of confidence. I know what I can do, and when I'm not playing, I'm not happy.''' ,'''I always love the fans.''' ,'''As a striker sometimes you miss, and sometimes you score.''' ,'''I'm very happy to have been a player who played for Arsenal, because the fans were always great to me - the manager, everyone, the players - and if I can just wish them the best of luck. They know, no matter what happened, they will always be in my heart because I love the club.''' ,'''If I'm on the pitch, and I score, and I'm not going to celebrate, I would rather tell the manager I'm not going to play because what is the point of scoring goals and not celebrating?''' ,'''You want to play against the best defenders and the best teams. You want to test yourself.''' ,'''Football is a funny game. Today, you are zero; tomorrow, you are a hero.''' ,'''I'm from Africa, and I have to give something back to my community. You all know that I've been doing a lot of charity stuff without knocking at any door. I'm taking my own wages to do it, and I will keep doing it until the end of my career.''' ,'''Things haven't always gone right for me in football.''' ,'''You know, us in Africa, all what we know, all what we dream about is football. Because when I was young, all what I tried to do, all what I had a chance to watch on TV was football.''' ,'''I need a manager who will tell me to go out and play my own game and enjoy myself.''' ,'''People in my country love me. I represent my country very well.''' ,'''I have a bad reputation in England, and I don't know why. Maybe it's something that has just followed me. But one thing I always say is that 90% of the people I've played with would say I'm an amazing guy, a great teammate. Other people, those who work on the gate at every stadium I've played at, will tell you I am a humble guy and a nice person.''' ,'''It is always nice to have a message from Jose Mourinho.''' ,'''Whenever I have a chance to wake up and be alive, I always thank God for that, and for me, all the rest is a bonus.''' ,'''All I can say is I am a footballer, and if a club like Milan are interested in me, then I cannot lie to you: I am happy, because it is Milan.''' ,'''I had dreamt of playing for Arsenal and Real Madrid, and those dreams came true. Maybe I can dream of winning the Ballon d'Or, and that can come true as well.''' ,'''It's always a pleasure to have a manager give you compliments.''' ,'''When you see me on the pitch, I will always be smiling, always laughing, always playing jokes. I grew up as somebody who was always laughing. In England, people will tell me that I should not laugh, but you cannot stop me from laughing. It's impossible.''' ,'''I'll never be too big for anything.''' ,'''My father always told me to be myself and say what you think is the right thing; sometimes you pay the consequences, but it means tomorrow will be a happy day for you.''' ,'''In 2002, I went to play the Afcon in Mali, and I had the huge privilege to swap my shirt with Marc-Vivien Foe. May his soul rest in peace.''' ,'''No matter what quality you have, you have to listen to people, let people help you to be good.''' ,'''Dele Alli is a player with huge potential to be one of the best midfielders in the world.''' ,'''Stephen Ireland is one of the most talented players I have seen, and Nigel de Jong is doing really well. He fights for his team all over the pitch, and he has a lot of character.''' ,'''With Mourinho, I learned a lot.''' ,'''I want to be part of a club that is aiming to be one of the biggest in the world.''' ,'''As a child, you are influenced by your parents' actions.''' ,'''There is only so much abuse a man can take until he reaches breaking point.''' ,'''It's football - fans are passionate about it, and sometimes it's difficult for players to take, but we are good men, and we all make mistakes, and we are footballers.''' ,'''Everything I do in life I put in the hands of God, my creator.''' ,'''I have never said I would leave Arsenal.''' ,'''My fitness is one area I've never had questioned in my career.''' ,'''I was born in a house without a light or a toilet, so why would I forget who I am or where I come from?''' ,'''All I want to do is win titles.''' ,'''I'm always motivated when I go out on the pitch.''' ,'''I want to win the Champions League, and I don't care about personal success.''' ,'''When I moved from Metz to Monaco, we reached an advanced stage in the Champions League, and we played against Real Madrid. It was one of most beautiful days of my life because I was lucky enough to get a signed shirt from the football legend Zinedine Zidane.''' ,'''Fans have to try to control their emotions, as we do as footballers.''' ,'''When a family is poor, everyone is poor, and there is huge solidarity. People will take a bullet for you. But when one makes it, it is like you owe everyone.''' ,'''When you are playing in front of your own crowd, you want them to support you.''' ,'''I cannot do a better job than a journalist. I cannot do a better job than politicians - what I can do is play my football.''' ,'''Winning is good but is better when it becomes a means of hope and positive change in the lives of those who are deprived.''' ,'''There is nothing more important for me than God.''' ,'''As a striker, most of the time you have three chances.''' ,'''It's a special club, and everybody opened their arms to me from the first day. The fans and my team-mates treated me wonderfully since the day I arrived, and that warmth has made a madridista. Whatever happens, Real Madrid will always be in my heart.''' ,'''When I signed for Real Madrid, I knew it was a big club, but only when you're inside do you realise the magnitude of this team.''' ,'''Scoring goals is what I do best in my career.''' ,'''It bothers me to think I may never put on a Real Madrid shirt again. Madrid is the best thing that's ever happened to me in my life.''' ,'''My father worked in currency exchange, and my mother is a businesswoman.''' ,'''I know, everywhere I go, I have the door open because I am a great footballer and a great person.''' ,'''I would not refuse to play for my country over money.''' ,'''I enjoyed my time at White Hart Lane, and I can't say thank you enough to the Spurs fans.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to be dirty to win some games.''' ,'''Ozil is a genius. He has one-of-a-kind vision for the game. He has two eyes in the front of his head and two eyes in the back.''' ,'''When you score 30 goals in a season, you can expect that the following year there will be a little bit more pressure and attention on you.''' ,'''I hope I can get many goals for Real Madrid.''' ,'''Saluting a goal in front of the fans is one of the most beautiful moments in a player's life.''' ,'''We are all human beings. We all go through a lot at certain times of our lives.''' ,'''Harry Redknapp is a fantastic manager. He knows how to talk to players. You need that belief from your own manager. He tells you just to go out there and do your thing. That is what Harry has got more than anyone else.''' ,'''What is the point in going into a stand and singing a song that you know is racist and then going out into the street and saying to me, 'I'm not racist. Come to Tottenham.'''' ,'''You need to feel loved, and that is what I feel at City.''' ,]
+++