+++
author = "Marc Warren"
title = "Marc Warren Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Marc Warren Quotes"
keywords = "marc warren,marc warren quotes,marc warren quote,marc warren sayings,marc warren saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would tell anyone who wanted to be an actor not to bother with drama school.''' ,'''It's a long struggle being an actor; I don't know if I'd ever recommend it to anybody!''' ,'''I can feel middle age approaching, but I reckon the trick is to ignore all the signs. I'm lucky in that I've always looked half the age I am. So the way I see it is that I'm still in my twenties!''' ,'''I'd love to work with Sir Anthony Hopkins, but if that doesn't happen, I'd sneak on to a film set and watch him at work. He is a compelling actor.''' ,'''I'm pretty caring, loyal and loving to those who are close to me. Two of my friends are from school, so I've known them for more than 30 years. My best friend, Paul Fisher, sat next to me in English when I was ten or 11. If you asked him, he'd say I was loyal. I don't think I've changed over the years.''' ,'''I love watching 'UFC' - Ultimate Fighting Championship - I don't know why, because I'm more of a coward than a fighter, but I seem to be very drawn to these blokes actually smashing each other to bits.''' ,'''I don't regret things, because I learn from mistakes. If needs be, I always make amends.''' ,'''I'm intensely private. I don't like giving interviews.''' ,'''I don't like planning, because it robs me of freedom, so I'd like a 24 hours that was full of surprises.''' ,'''Life as an actor has toughened me up, and I've learned that you shouldn't take things too personally. Someone once said that to do this job you need talent, luck and a thick skin - which is so true.''' ,'''I've never thought of acting as rocket science - you put on the costume, get your hair cut, and that's it, really.''' ,'''I went to Northampton College of Further Education. I left there - when I was 16, I left Kingsthorpe Upper - and I went and did a diploma in performing arts, so it was my start in the training process to becoming an actor.''' ,'''My teachers probably tried to get me interested in other things at school, but I was very young when I decided that I wanted to act. By the time I was 12, I was hell-bent on it.''' ,'''I think I'm good at looking moody. I'm not much good at analysing myself, but I tend to fit the strange and tortured characters.''' ,'''Apparently, if you live until 75, you'll have spent 25 years in bed, so it makes sense to have a decent mattress.''' ,'''I've always envied girls having Ugg boots, so when I found some for men, I had to have them.''' ,'''I'm not into that method acting thing. I just turn up, say my lines and go home.''' ,]
+++