+++
author = "Eydie Gorme"
title = "Eydie Gorme Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Eydie Gorme Quotes"
keywords = "eydie gorme,eydie gorme quotes,eydie gorme quote,eydie gorme sayings,eydie gorme saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My voice right now, hey, listen. I don't know how long it's going to last.''' ,'''Steve has the most unbelievable range for a man that I've ever heard.''' ,'''We were with Frank as part of his very last tour.''' ,'''I don't like schools. And I mean, you have to call on all your friends to get them into their schools.''' ,'''Everything has changed. The flying changed. The airports have changed.''' ,'''It was very hard for all of us. It's still very hard. The anniversary of his death just passed, and every single one of his friends, still, after all these years... it's unbelievable.''' ,'''Now we have an audience that is so very eclectic. Big, tremendous fans.''' ,'''There are so many questions to be answered and so many personal compliments that we appreciate so very much.''' ,'''Before we got married, I had tremendous ambition. Once we got married and I started having children, then I just thought that that was my real life. Steve was definitely more ambitious than I.''' ,'''I felt we really couldn't be separated that much. I'd had a baby, and I was traveling and working alone while he was in the Army. It was very difficult-the phone calls and all of that. I really was very depressed.''' ,'''We were at the Schubert Theater for two years. And we were the first act.''' ,'''I had a lot of what they call turntable hits. A lot of them.''' ,'''When he came back from downtown, he had forgotten to bring his license, his identification, the $2 for the wedding license. So we got married two days later.''' ,'''I learned my phrasing from Frank. I loved him so much.''' ,'''There was one year that I was on the road.''' ,'''So many have been growing with us from the very beginning of our career. Others are brand new to us.''' ,'''A lot of the really great stuff fell between the tracks.''' ,'''We never rehearsed.''' ,'''We never heard of tape. Everything was live, live, live.''' ,'''Right now, my voice is better than ever. It changed. I have better low notes than I had before.''' ,]
+++