+++
author = "Jason Dohring"
title = "Jason Dohring Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Jason Dohring Quotes"
keywords = "jason dohring,jason dohring quotes,jason dohring quote,jason dohring sayings,jason dohring saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It sucks to be the runner-up because I've been the runner-up for a long time in my career. I would get so close and then lose a huge movie and sometimes it's one kid who beats you out for three different movies. It's so frustrating at the time, but what's so great is the lesson you take from that, which is, 'I've got to get better.'''' ,'''I began acting at age eight, but if you don't stay on your game then people pass on you. Being on a show, it's a little easy to get comfortable, so I'm trying to get back on it. I'm taking some acting classes and watching movies, and I'm just trying to stay up with other actors.''' ,'''I feel for Veronica Mars so much when I'm watching at home. It is a wonderful story. The writing is consistently funny, biting, charming, heart-wrenching, etc. I also like the look of it. The cinematography - different from any other show.''' ,'''My favorite on screen moments are when you are really there and you know you're creating something. That's so exciting... it's why you come to work.''' ,'''I would love to do more movies. I'd like to get into some theater, too, if I could, just to learn more. I want to do gritty performances that I'm proud of. It doesn't matter to me if four people see it or millions of people see it, as long as I perform in such a way that people go, 'Wow!'''' ,'''I like to feel that something's alive in acting, like something's really going on.''' ,'''I did a couple of American Express commercials.''' ,'''I love the creating part of taking on a character. It is fun to be another person and create what it would be like to be that person.''' ,'''I learned how to get in shape without getting certain muscles too big that make you look like a meathead.''' ,'''I'm a big sports guy - golf, tennis, baseball, basketball, snowboarding - and I love games.''' ,]
+++