+++
author = "Karan Kapoor"
title = "Karan Kapoor Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Karan Kapoor Quotes"
keywords = "karan kapoor,karan kapoor quotes,karan kapoor quote,karan kapoor sayings,karan kapoor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would love to make a comeback, but I don't know if people would want to see me.''' ,'''Film was very expensive, so you couldn't waste a single frame. This meant spending time with the subject, getting to know them and finally, getting that one great picture.''' ,'''If my father was shooting in Kashmir or down south in the jungles during our vacations, we would go. But it wasn't a regular thing; we did it only in the vacations.''' ,'''Once, Dad had too much beer and had to be carried home.''' ,'''Well, that's what you have when you're young right? All the time in the world.''' ,'''Cinema was haywire in the 1980s. It was a funny period in films then.''' ,'''My career is suffering because of stress.''' ,'''I never wanted to be an actor as I wasn't passionate about it.''' ,'''Bombay always felt home.''' ,'''Mum enrolled us for guitar and piano lessons, none of us had any talent oh, Kunal could play the piano well.''' ,'''People didn't know me. So, I had to strike a chord and build relationships.''' ,'''I was more interested in the older generation as they seemed to be the last remaining remnants of the British Raj - people who remembered the railway cantonments, the Marilyn Monroe look-a-like contest, the Central Provinces,' and so on, a world long gone.''' ,'''I was too foreign-looking for Bollywood.''' ,'''Mum used to take us to Breach Candy on the number 63 bus. After school, we'd swim, ride horses, play rugby.''' ,'''The modelling just happened. It was fun, and a good way to earn money.''' ,'''When I was young, I felt my talent lay in photography, not movies.''' ,'''Many Anglo-Indians who had lived through the last days of the Raj were old, and I felt it was important to meet them and record their memories of what life had been like for them under the British and how it had changed after India's independence.''' ,'''We had a house in Baga, Goa, that we would visit every Christmas vacation. It was called Love House. The toilet was outside the house. We had no water; someone had to get it from the well. My dad was huge then, but he could walk, go to the local tavern, have a beer and take an auto back.''' ,'''I don't know exactly what I would be doing, but India is a land of possibilities and there is so much to explore.''' ,'''I've never had a major professional project in India, and that's something I'm keen to explore now.''' ,'''When you are young and don't have many responsibilities then you shouldn't think twice to pursue your dreams.''' ,]
+++