+++
author = "Fela Kuti"
title = "Fela Kuti Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Fela Kuti Quotes"
keywords = "fela kuti,fela kuti quotes,fela kuti quote,fela kuti sayings,fela kuti saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My music has never been a failure.''' ,'''My mother wasn't any better than my father.''' ,'''When I do things, I do things honestly.''' ,'''Music must awaken people to do their duty as citizens and act.''' ,'''I've suffered quite a lot, to the point where I've experienced death. Years before I wasn't fit to die, but I understand life better now. Death is nice, death is beauty.''' ,'''My ideas are threatening to the government.''' ,'''My country will be a symbol of free human society.''' ,'''I would never run away from my country. Even at the point of death, I doubt I would move out, because what is the point of leaving your own country?''' ,'''People thought I was trying to say that women had no say, no rights. I was not saying that. I was saying that women had a role, a duty. When they want to have a say in government - though in Africa they are not expected to do that - they are not discouraged. They can do what they want to do.''' ,'''I'm playing deep African music.''' ,'''I think I'm going to lead my people one day. I'm sure of it.''' ,'''Art itself is knowledge of the spiritual world. Art is information from higher forces, by those who are talented. I'm not jiving.''' ,'''In America we talk about South Africa, but I tell people that apartheid is nothing compared to what is happening in my country where black oppresses black.''' ,'''A police uniform is just a piece of clothing sewn by the same tailors who sew your clothes.''' ,'''I've studied my culture deeply and I'm very aware of my tradition.''' ,'''Being African didn't mean anything to me until later in my life.''' ,'''I'm not your average politician. I believe in higher forces.''' ,'''America needs to hear some good sounds from Africa, man. The sanity of the world is going to be generated from Africa through art.''' ,'''When I was young we weren't even allowed to speak our own languages in school. They called it 'vernacular,' as if only English was the real tongue.''' ,'''If I became president now I would immediately pass a law that makes every citizen a policeman or a soldier.''' ,'''The African mind has a lot to contribute, not only to world understanding of the arts, but to an understanding of spiritualism. That is the contribution Africa will make to the world of the future - an injection of sanity into the environment of the universe itself.''' ,'''By the time I finished school, I found out I wasn't qualified to study anything but music.''' ,'''Marriage is a terrible institution, it creates such a regression of the mind.''' ,'''An African man should not do anything called housework or cooking.''' ,'''I believe in pan-Africanism. This means that in many things - the judiciary, sports, economics and trade - we want Africanism to be involved, which is basically more freedom for the people.''' ,'''Without Tony Allen, there would have been no Afrobeat.''' ,'''Even death doesn't worry me, man. When my mother died it was because she finished her time on earth. I know that when I die I'll see her again, so how can I fear death?''' ,'''Our prisons are very bad. When I was in Ikoyi prison, people were dying every day. They were carrying bodies out of the prison every day.''' ,'''My mother was the most wicked mother ever seen in life when it came to beating. Oh-la-la! Every time I would say, 'This is the end of me.' Oh, how she would beat me.''' ,'''American record companies seem to feel I am antiwestern, anticapitalism, anti the kind of society they like. They think I'm a troublemaker.''' ,'''It's crazy; in the States, people think the black power movement drew inspiration from Africa. All these Americans come over here looking for awareness. They don't realize they're the ones who've got it over there.''' ,'''Jazz was the beginning of rhythm music, which developed into rock and roll. But what the jazz musicians lost because they were so far from their homeland was the intricate rhythms of African music.''' ,'''I realized that you cannot think European and want to write or create something African. You have to think African in everything.''' ,'''Classical music gives musicians a kick. But African music gives everyone a kick.''' ,'''The human spirit is stronger than any government or institution.''' ,'''It is a false belief to think you can own somebody, I'm out of that now. The man should understand he does not own the woman, and the woman should understand she does not own the man.''' ,'''When you start to think of revenge, you start to think of hate. I don't believe in hating people. It's a retrogressive thing.''' ,'''If a female wants to do a man's job, no one will stop her from doing it, but women have duties to perform as mothers.''' ,'''My message was 'Think African. Make schools read African history.'''' ,'''The rhythm, the sounds, the tonality, the chord sequences, the individual effect of each instrument and each section of the band - I'm talking about a whole continent in my music.''' ,'''Spiritually speaking, every human being has a destiny and a duty to perform.''' ,'''Western music is Bach, Handel and Schubert. It's good music, cleverly done. As a musician, I can see that.''' ,'''The art, the greatness of the music, the experience of the music is what I'm about. I think most African artists have destroyed their artistry by commercialization, and I don't want to belong to that bag.''' ,'''No, I didn't hear about 'Live Aid.' I was in prison, and we were not allowed newspapers in prison.''' ,]
+++