+++
author = "Michael Robotham"
title = "Michael Robotham Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Michael Robotham Quotes"
keywords = "michael robotham,michael robotham quotes,michael robotham quote,michael robotham sayings,michael robotham saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A perfect hero is about as boring as a perfect marriage.''' ,'''The hardest part of ghost writing other people's stories is capturing their voices so that it isn't you talking, it's them.''' ,'''I write entertainment. There are some books you read but don't inhale. There are books that will change your life.''' ,'''I normally sleep very well, but when I do have bad dreams, they always involve my children.''' ,'''I believe that if the story is fleshed out and the characters more believable, the reader is more likely to take the journey with them. In addition, the plot can be more complex. My characters are very real to me, and I want each of my characters to be different.''' ,'''I often joke that I could write 'War and Peace' and make it sound like Geri Halliwell wrote it.''' ,'''I'd like to set a story in Australia, but I would need to feel confident my German and U.S. readers, for example, would stay with me.''' ,'''All of my novels are seeded in real life events, and 'The Wreckage' is no different.''' ,'''I normally write in the first person, and my narrators are as real to me as any of the people I have worked with. They live and breathe in my imagination.''' ,'''Journalism took me around the world. I worked in London for ten years and reported on the collapse of the Soviet Union, the troubles in Northern Ireland, and the first Gulf War.''' ,'''Everybody you work with has their own voice, and if you do your job well enough, even their closest friends or their partner of 40 years isn't going to recognise the fingerprints of a ghostwriter.''' ,'''I've known since I was 12 that I wanted to write. My father was a teacher, and there were so many books around, it seemed natural to pick them up.''' ,'''In the mid-nineties, I quit my job as a senior feature writer at 'The Mail' on Sunday in the U.K. and became a 'ghost writer,' collaborating with politicians, pop stars, psychologists, soldiers and sporting legends who needed help in penning their autobiographies.''' ,'''I'm very critical of crime novels that use gratuitous violence to shock readers when it isn't necessary. If that's all you have to offer as a writer, perhaps you're in the wrong job.''' ,'''I wasn't always a novelist. I began my writing career as a journalist, working on an afternoon newspaper in Sydney, Australia, doing the crime beat and court reporting. Having grown up in a small country town, I felt as though I had nothing to write about.''' ,'''You're not supposed to have a favourite book - it's like children.''' ,'''I write books that will make 10 or 12 hours disappear, and hopefully they'll resonate with you for a few days, where you'll remember the characters and the story. That suits me fine; I am happy with that.''' ,'''I'm very fortunate to be doing what I dreamed of, what I love. So few people get that opportunity. So while people continue liking what I write, I'm going to happily continue.''' ,'''Violence is inevitable in crime novels, but there are many different ways to tell a story. I use my characters' reactions to illustrate the worst moments rather than let readers witness them at first hand.''' ,'''Writing is what I do. It's what makes me tick.''' ,]
+++