+++
author = "Chris Brown"
title = "Chris Brown Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Chris Brown Quotes"
keywords = "chris brown,chris brown quotes,chris brown quote,chris brown sayings,chris brown saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The worst moment was when I was performing and I was about to sing, but I choked. I had a tickle in my throat and I started coughing, and I couldn't get the words out. It lasted for like thirty seconds, but I got over it, and luckily the crowd didn't seem to care.''' ,'''My personal life is the same. At the end of the day, this is just a job. I love what I do, and it's a great job. But it's like my alter ego. There's Chris Brown the singer. And there's Christopher Brown, the down-home Tappahannock boy that plays video games and basketball and hangs out.''' ,'''With dates I like to cater a girl. We do whatever she likes. If she was open to what I wanted to do, it probably wouldn't be a dull date, because I am a jock.''' ,'''Whether it be personal or musical, I just think I'm a walking art piece, just a ball of creativity.''' ,'''Since I'm always working, my best holiday memories are definitely when I can just go home and spend time with my family.''' ,'''I'm not gonna say that I hate it, because I really respect Usher and I was influenced by him. But so many people compare me to him, and I don't think it'll ever stop. I just want to be my own artist.''' ,'''I love attention. If I see a gang of girls? That makes me dance even more!''' ,'''I would say I'm an inspirational guidelines book. You can take my life story or scenarios or songs and relate to them and apply them to your everyday life.''' ,'''My first album was me finding myself and my voice, finding how I sing. I was rolling with the punches because everything was new to me.''' ,'''I started when I was about 11, singing.''' ,'''My best kiss was on stage. Kelly Rowland from Destiny's Child gave me a really nice soft kiss on my lips during a performance on my birthday. It was amazing.''' ,'''Haters keep on hating, cause somebody's gotta do it.''' ,'''My mom told me as a youngster I was always intellectual, like as far as being able to adapt fast and quick. But I had a fun childhood, went to regular school.''' ,'''Having the right people around you all the time is important. I do take the acting seriously. But this is all fun. I look at it like smoke and mirrors. I still think it's a dream, but I ain't pinching myself yet.''' ,'''Girls are losing their virginity at 15, 16. I'm not promoting that. But my songs are talking... about me becoming a man.''' ,'''My mother taught me to treat a lady respectfully.''' ,'''Follow your dreams. Just make sure to have fun too.''' ,'''Loving is doing anything for them, thinking about them constantly and being able to spend your whole life with that person. Liking somebody is just like, 'Okay, I like them because of this, this and this, but I don't knkow if I am ready to be in love with them'.''' ,'''I like low-maintenance girls, but at the same time, classy. She needs to take care of herself. But also be a girl who isn't afraid to get sweaty and play basketball, so it's cool if she's a tomboy.''' ,'''With fame, you can't trust everybody. You can't depend on them being there for you as a person. They will only be there because of what you've got you as a person. They will only be there because of what you've got and what you can bring to their life. It's not a relationship-it's a leech.''' ,'''I didn't understand that I could sing until I was like 11 or 12. My mom heard me singing around the house and she said, What are you doing? You really can sing! So then I started going to school and singing to the girls.''' ,'''I'm 18 in this album. I'm not losing fans, and I'm not disrepecting women, but you reach the maturity of taking it to the next level with a girl. It was only necessary for me to have at least one song like that.''' ,'''I always imagined I could be what I wanted to be.''' ,'''I love sneakers on a girl. I don't know why, but I guess it's because I'm still a young. I really like just like a girl who has style - a girl who does her own thing, is unique in what she's wearing and works what she's got.''' ,'''When I was 12, all I wanted for Christmas was a trampoline or a four-wheeler. I ended up getting both presents for Christmas.''' ,'''I used to feel so shy speaking to girls. It was even worse when they were around their crew because they would diss me.''' ,'''I think I can beat Usher on the dance floor.''' ,'''I think the key is basically just your determination. As far an artist is concerned, it's just about your drive and your dream.''' ,'''I drew a lot of inspiration from the Ginuwines, the Ushers, the Michael Jacksons, the James Browns, Sam Cooke.''' ,]
+++