+++
author = "Song Joong-Ki"
title = "Song Joong-Ki Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Song Joong-Ki Quotes"
keywords = "song joong-ki,song joong-ki quotes,song joong-ki quote,song joong-ki sayings,song joong-ki saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To be honest, I'm a little upset these days. My family has been exposed to the media. Some people break into our house. My ex-girlfriend's photos are circulating online. To say that these are things I need to endure for the sake of celebrity... that's sad. I want to respectfully request that my private life remain private.''' ,'''I want to play a character that is cold. I think there are sides of me that are like that. I'm a fan of the actor Edward Norton, and if you see his early works, he plays a lot of those roles.''' ,'''I felt really happy to be able to film together with Korea's most beautiful actress. Everyone thinks it's because of her outward appearance that Song Hye-kyo became famous, but after working together, I realized her inner heart and personality are also good. Moreover, she has lots of acting experience, and I actually did learn a lot from her.''' ,'''I might retire when acting becomes too hard on me physically, but I don't want to give up easily. I really want to have a long-term acting career.''' ,'''If I had to say the secret recipe for acting melodrama, I think it comes from myself in real life. I have a belief that when I do melo scenes, I try to make them less cheesy.''' ,'''When I met my Thai fans at the airport, all my stress went away. I don't feel lonely. I have friends like Kwang Soo to keep me company, and my fans make me feel loved.''' ,'''I'm not a fan of gushing emotions. I think that probably shows in all of the characters I play. I try to reinterpret the characters in my style.''' ,'''I dreamed of being a professional skater once. I wanted to be a Korean Olympic skater, but I wasn't good enough, so I quit.''' ,'''I don't try to hide who I am when I appear in public places, act, or attend interviews. If I do, it makes the gap even wider. I like it best when someone says I'm the same on television, on camera, or off camera. This makes it easier for me.''' ,'''Realistically, looks offer an advantage to an actor. I'm going to work hard to maintain my skin. I'm going to prevent aging as much as possible. And I will keep trying to become a better person on the inside as much as I spruce up the outside.''' ,'''Captain Yoo Si Jin is most similar to me. He takes his job very seriously, but in his free time, he's playful.''' ,'''There are so many characters I want to play. I'm greedy about acting.''' ,'''I have no plans to go public if I get into a relationship. I will do my best to safeguard the privacy of the person I love and respect her feelings.''' ,'''I try to stay the same, but I also think that change is inevitable. What I mean is, if you stay the same as in your rookie days, you can't deal with all the new responsibilities you are faced with. Of course, my most important values should stay the same.''' ,'''I like having conversations: you learn a lot about how other people think. If I'm myself and confident, I don't get nervous easily. I try not to make other people uncomfortable - I think that's a very arrogant thing to do.''' ,'''I wish I were tall, like my friend Lee Kwang Soo.''' ,'''I think I am a conservative, not-so-cool kind of guy.''' ,'''When I work with other people, I try to make up for their shortcomings with my strengths, and I let others make up for my flaws with their strengths. I try to co-operate with people around me when working in a group. I like to enhance team spirit on set. I try to get everyone involved in the action.''' ,'''I want to do amazing roles fit for my age in 30 years. I'm sure I'll be less popular and have less offers then, but I think I'll be able to do act well for my age at the time.''' ,'''It is inevitable that popularity will fade. That's why I must always be prepared. I don't want a meteoric rise in popularity. I want to be an actor who can quickly get back on my feet after a fall. If I want to have a long-term career in acting, I must be careful about the choices I make.''' ,'''I regard the 'Descendants' as a melodrama, and all scenes have been the trappings to increase the element of romance, I thought. In that sense, I am very satisfied and have great respect for the decisions of the writers.''' ,]
+++