+++
author = "Diana Penty"
title = "Diana Penty Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Diana Penty Quotes"
keywords = "diana penty,diana penty quotes,diana penty quote,diana penty sayings,diana penty saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have to admit that I'm terrible when it comes to following and sticking to my fitness regime when I'm traveling. Unfortunately, I need to be pushed.''' ,'''I have a huge appetite. I can eat enough for three people. So for me, eating small meals through the day is key. It keeps me full, at the same time it doesn't make me lethargic.''' ,'''I love paranthas, I love butter chicken, and I love everything that I shouldn't love.''' ,'''When you grow up, life makes you so busy that you completely lose the excitement around a festival.''' ,'''Box office success definitely matters. I will be lying if say it does not matter.''' ,'''Essentially, Christmas has always been about spending time with family. We had one big lunch filled with banter, warmth, laughter and great food. Doing up the tree with my mom was another fun exercise.''' ,'''Since I am not from a film family, I come with a different perspective. I come from a regular world. Of course, there's not always the help and assistance you'd get if you were from a filmi family, but I really didn't miss that.''' ,'''The impact that you can leave on the other person through your films holds way more weight than just being seen at a party or any other appearance, or being seen at a freaking airport.''' ,'''There's definitely something special about a working birthday, it's the perfect way to bring in the new birthday year!''' ,'''I think most of us are far removed from what goes on in our jails and the system. When I started working on 'Lucknow Central,' it was the first time I gave it some thought.''' ,'''For me, my phone is a one-stop shop; I do everything on my phone - email, browsing, listening to music, reading, navigation and using smart apps. Maps, I use that a lot. I think that's the best app ever.''' ,'''I grew up in South Mumbai and I am a total homebody, so I was not seen around. I guess that's the reason many believed that I wasn't Indian or can't speak Hindi.''' ,'''Cocktail' happened overnight for me. I didn't have the time to think about it, I suddenly got into films without even realising what I was doing.''' ,'''Working and modelling in New York was definitely a life changing experience for me.''' ,'''It is a sin if you come to Rajasthan and not have dal-baati and laal maans. I know it's a little heavy but I am okay doing extra push-ups in the gym than missing the droolworthy Rajasthani food.''' ,'''I'm the wrong person to ask for advice when it comes to losing weight because I've never been on that side of the fence.''' ,'''When I see a great film I do wish I was part of it, that happens.''' ,'''I have memories of the time when I was younger and when I believed in Santa Claus, which was the best part of Christmas. Back then, I wrote to Santa every year, hoping that my mom would post the letter with a stamp to the North Pole!''' ,'''Walking the shows at New York Fashion Week was such a great high.''' ,'''I try to be as healthy as possible. But the problem for me is that I'm a huge foodie. I mean, I'm literally passionate about food. I love trying new restaurants, new cuisine. It just makes me really happy. So it's very difficult for me to eat completely healthy.''' ,'''Travelling makes me feel free. I love Cape Town, and different parts of Europe. I love New York; I could live there in a heartbeat. I love London. Mostly, I like travelling to untouched kind of places. I love the mountains.''' ,'''I take my time to do things and I never plan in advance. It's one step at a time for me. I'd like to stick to that.''' ,'''The bonds of friendship that I forged in my college days are still going strong.''' ,'''I do mat or take floor Pilates class at home. I also take dance lessons at home.''' ,'''I go to the gym four days a week, and focus on my upper body and lower body on alternate days. I also do a lot of free style exercises such as stretching and squatting.''' ,'''I've done things so unconventionally that I don't think I'd ever be able to lead by someone else's example or the way somebody else has done it. Everybody has their own way of going about things and mine seems to be completely different.''' ,'''There is something special about being an actor and able to bring somebody's visualisation - director, storywriter and script writer - into life. It is almost like creating a person.''' ,'''Nothing much has changed after I joined the film industry. I follow the same diet and fitness routine that I used to during my modelling days.''' ,'''I am quiet and reserved.''' ,'''I'm a fiercely private person in general, and like to keep my personal life personal.''' ,'''I won't sign a film thinking, 'Oh my God! I don't have a film so I've got to sign one real quickly.'''' ,'''It's very important to keep yourself fit when you are young. Many people take youth for granted and start taking care of their health only as they get older.''' ,'''Shiddat' is a beautiful story of love and the strong bonds between people. It is pure and intense and also very relatable. I am usually not a love story kind of person, but when I heard the script, it moved me a lot.''' ,'''I am not starry. I am your everyday girl, with not so everyday aspirations in life.''' ,'''It's my life and I prefer choosing my path. I don't follow anyone else.''' ,'''I find the best birthday plans are the unplanned ones.''' ,'''For me, 'Parmanu' was an awakening of sorts. The film is about a covert mission. It's sometimes unbelievable that we get to recreate a part of history and live an incident that made history and changed the way our country was perceived.''' ,'''I have my method when it comes to my work. I don't think about who has done what, rather what I am doing is of utmost importance to me.''' ,'''It takes me a while to make friends as I take time to get to know people.''' ,'''A lot of hard work goes into making a film.''' ,'''I have roots in Jabalpur and that's as Indian as it can get.''' ,'''I just want to act - commercial, mainstream, niche or art - my choices are not defined by labels.''' ,'''At the end of the day, there is a lot of money that gets put into films.''' ,'''Sometimes you wake up with mini panic attacks where you feel like 'Oh my God! I don't have a film right now! Should I just do something that comes my way because I don't have another film?' But I feel at the end of the day, your gut takes over.''' ,'''I don't believe in competition.''' ,'''I did modelling for five years, then I felt I wanted to do something different and challenging.''' ,'''I don't believe in extreme diets. For me, staying away from sugar and processed foods, eating home-cooked meals and exercising regularly is the key.''' ,'''I've learnt there's nothing you can't do. I danced, for instance. I am not as reserved as I used to be. I've been on the reserved side since I was growing up perhaps because I was an only child, but that changed. I am way more confident. I'm more expressive and vocal.''' ,'''This is the beauty of Rajasthan; everything is so picturesque.''' ,'''When the audience appreciates your film, that's the happiest feeling for an actor because at the end of the day, you are making a film for them. When they like it and appreciate it, you feel your work is done.''' ,'''I'm open to different kinds of roles, characters and genres.''' ,'''I can't choose my roles half-heartedly.''' ,'''I signed 'Lucknow Central' because it was a story I wanted to be part of. I still stand by the fact that it was a well written, well directed film with some great performances.''' ,'''I think it is up to each one of us to find the time and strike a balance between work and our personal life.''' ,'''I want to be known for my work, that's most important.''' ,'''I'm generally soft spoken, very measured, and I think 500 times before I say something.''' ,'''I prefer non-fiction to fiction. In fact, I don't read fiction at all. I read books that are based on true events.''' ,'''I actually live to eat.''' ,'''The time that I took between 'Cocktail' and 'Happy Bhaag Jayegi,' a lot of people told me, 'out of sight is out of mind,' and I was like 'Okay, maybe.' And it did happen. Because I wasn't around, people just assumed I was doing other things and was not interested in films which I thought was unfair.''' ,'''Acting was never on agenda.''' ,'''When I come to Delhi, what's on my mind is food. I've Parsi and Goan genes, which basically means foodie genes.''' ,'''We deal with erratic travel and shooting schedules and it can be tough. It requires a little effort but if you want to be in a relationship you will find a way.''' ,'''Films are not a part-time job. They take months to make and require long-time commitment; so, you can't do a half-hearted job.''' ,'''I have never been able to go against my instinct.''' ,'''One day, I'll open my own restaurant or do something related to food, though I can't cook to save my life.''' ,'''Each film has taught me something new - be it about myself, my craft, my profession, people.''' ,'''I used to run a lot in school.''' ,'''Even something light, such as walking, jogging, cycling or swimming, and staying away from junk food is good enough to keep you healthy.''' ,'''I like to do some research and learn about the destination before I travel there. I read up on its history, culture and food, which is most important. Being informed makes the travel so much better.''' ,'''I like travelling to different places and trying out different cuisines. I like experimenting with my food.''' ,'''There are some films that you know will do well. Then there are others which have good stories that ought to be told. But because they are slightly risky, not everybody is willing to take that up. But I think it is important to take risks because at the end of the day, you want to explore new genres and new characters.''' ,'''I think modelling comes naturally to me as I have done it for a long time.''' ,'''I just protect the people that I love a lot, and want to keep them away from anything negative.''' ,'''My strength lies in prepping. I'm not someone who can just walk onto the set and perform.''' ,'''I don't want to be part of films that are easily forgotten.''' ,'''I've always tried very hard to gain weight since I was very young.''' ,'''I love challenging myself; it's what keeps me going.''' ,'''I am a loner so I prefer traveling alone.''' ,'''I started modelling in college, but it was part time since I was kind of nerdy and wanted to finish my studies.''' ,'''It's partly true that I am not seen that often in public. Well, I'm just socially awkward, especially around people I'm not familiar with. But once you get to know me, I'm quite a chatterbox.''' ,'''For me it's a very organic process. I read the script/hear a narration and pretty much know instantly if it's something I want to be a part of or not. It's really as simple as that.''' ,'''I would like all the trolls to look at their bodies instead of trolling others. What is ironic is the fact that it is easy to criticise sitting behind your computer, in complete anonymity, about other people. on the basis of their appearances but very difficult to introspect and look within themselves.''' ,'''When I started with 'Cocktail,' I was trying to figure out if this was something I wanted to do.''' ,'''As part of being in the industry you do watch what others are doing. I think that's something good to do.''' ,'''A thriller or an action movie would entice me. A sportsperson or a musician's biopic sounds exciting, too.''' ,'''I like to keep my close people private because I respect their privacy as well. That's my train of thoughts. I'm very fiercely protective of the people that I love the most.''' ,'''I used to love doing the runway shows when I was a model and I miss that sometimes now. But it's great to go back to it every now and then as 'showstopper.'''' ,'''I am hoping good roles will come my way after the success of 'Happy.'''' ,'''I spent a lot of my school vacations in Devlali because my grandparents lived in the cantonment there.''' ,'''I remember my dad bought me my first phone when I finished school. I was a fresher in college, and at that time, it was mainly to keep a track of what I was doing and where I was going.''' ,'''Anyone who's worked on a film would want their work to be watched and appreciated.''' ,'''I can't say that I wanted to be an actress, it just happened along the way. I did not even know that I would be doing modelling but that also just happened.''' ,'''I had a sense of pride for the armed forces from the time I was a child because of my grandfather. He taught me to salute. He told me that every time I see army personnel, I should salute as a mark of respect.''' ,'''Every woman is beautiful in her own way and I don't know why people have norms and ideas on how beauty is perceived.''' ,'''I am not chasing stardom.''' ,'''I'm grateful to have the things that I have, and I've learnt not to take anything for granted.''' ,'''I listen to a lot of music and since I have to travel a lot, all my music is on my phone.''' ,'''I think gadgets make for good gifts.''' ,'''Luckily I'm blessed with decent genes. But, that can change anytime. I know that it's just not healthy to eat unhealthy. I do workout, and have gotten into quite a fixed routine of Pilates and strength training. And it's not so much about the weight, but also about being healthy.''' ,'''I have always aimed at maintaining a healthy balance with respect to all aspects of my life.''' ,]
+++