+++
author = "Erik Erikson"
title = "Erik Erikson Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Erik Erikson Quotes"
keywords = "erik erikson,erik erikson quotes,erik erikson quote,erik erikson sayings,erik erikson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Children love and want to be loved and they very much prefer the joy of accomplishment to the triumph of hateful failure. Do not mistake a child for his symptom.''' ,'''When we looked at the life cycle in our 40s, we looked to old people for wisdom. At 80, though, we look at other 80-year-olds to see who got wise and who not. Lots of old people don't get wise, but you don't get wise unless you age.''' ,'''Healthy children will not fear life if their elders have integrity enough not to fear death.''' ,'''We are what we love.''' ,'''Men have always shown a dim knowledge of their better potentialities by paying homage to those purest leaders who taught the simplest and most inclusive rules for an undivided mankind.''' ,'''Man's true taproots are nourished in the sequence of generations, and he loses his taproots in disrupted developmental time, not in abandoned localities.''' ,'''You've got to learn to accept the law of life, and face the fact that we disintegrate slowly.''' ,'''Every adult, whether he is a follower or a leader, a member of a mass or of an elite, was once a child. He was once small. A sense of smallness forms a substratum in his mind, ineradicably. His triumphs will be measured against this smallness; his defeats will substantiate it.''' ,'''The only thing that can save us as a species is seeing how we're not thinking about future generations in the way we live.''' ,'''The more you know yourself, the more patience you have for what you see in others.''' ,'''A man's conflicts represent what he 'really' is.''' ,'''There is in every child at every stage a new miracle of vigorous unfolding, which constitutes a new hope and a new responsibility for all.''' ,'''Doubt is the brother of shame.''' ,'''You see a child play, and it is so close to seeing an artist paint, for in play a child says things without uttering a word. You can see how he solves his problems. You can also see what's wrong. Young children, especially, have enormous creativity, and whatever's in them rises to the surface in free play.''' ,'''Parents must not only have certain ways of guiding by prohibition and permission, they must also be able to represent to the child a deep, almost somatic conviction that there is meaning in what they are doing.''' ,'''Babies control and bring up their families as much as they are controlled by them; in fact the family brings up baby by being brought up by him.''' ,'''He who is ashamed would like to force the world not to look at him, not to notice his exposure. He would like to destroy the eyes of the world.''' ,'''The way you 'take history' is also a way of 'making history.'''' ,'''In the social jungle of human existence, there is no feeling of being alive without a sense of identity.''' ,'''Nobody likes to be found out, not even one who has made ruthless confession a part of his profession. Any autobiographer, therefore, at least between the lines, spars with his reader and potential judge.''' ,'''We cannot leave history entirely to nonclinical observers and to professional historians.''' ,'''I am what survives of me.''' ,'''The psychoanalytic method is essentially a historical method.''' ,]
+++