+++
author = "Hannah Brown"
title = "Hannah Brown Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Hannah Brown Quotes"
keywords = "hannah brown,hannah brown quotes,hannah brown quote,hannah brown sayings,hannah brown saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want a manly man who's not afraid to get down and dirty.''' ,'''All That' and 'Kenan & Kel' were my thing when I was little.''' ,'''When I'm at my best is when I'm truly at peace with myself and when I allow other people in and can trust somebody to feel like I can be exactly who I am.''' ,'''I was terrified to be my true self because I felt that it wasn't enough. But I allowed myself to break down those walls.''' ,'''I try to eat healthy when I can, but no one can take my candy away from my bedside! I always keep it there for a treat when I wake up!''' ,'''I really struggled with what I was going to do with fantasy suites, but I didn't really want to think too much about it until we got there. I had a lot of other things on my mind at that point... but really that was just a personal decision between me and whoever I decided to go into the fantasy suite with or decided not to.''' ,'''Life is crazy, but I'm really, really blessed.''' ,'''Being a pageant girl taught me to be polished, poised and slap on a smile.''' ,'''I wanted to be a trophy wife, and I was fine with that. I thought I had my life written out - what it was going to be, what kind of woman I was going to be - and none of it happened.''' ,'''I have realized that I don't need a husband. I want a husband, but I don't need one.''' ,'''Sometimes, yeah, I wish I would have protected my heart a little more, absolutely.''' ,'''I get recognized everywhere I go now, which is kind of overwhelming but really exciting and sweet.''' ,'''You don't compete in something if that's not your goal, you should always want to succeed.''' ,'''I think pageant girls just have a way of faking it until you make it, almost.''' ,'''I don't really know any other way than to be vulnerable or just be myself.''' ,'''I came into 'The Bachelor' not ready to be me, and I ended up embracing me.''' ,'''Alabama will always be home and have a special place in my heart, but I want my life to be more than just living there. I want to see more of the world and, through that, find out more about myself.''' ,'''I feel like a lot of people that have been in similar situations as I have, reality TV stars, you can make a packaged version of yourself if you want to - I just don't work that way. I can't do it.''' ,'''Everybody's relationship is different and we just need to support and encourage each other and make sure that we're making the right decisions for ourselves and what we're ready for in relationships.''' ,'''There are always going to be people who don't understand or want to say something negative. But ultimately I try to put my focus on the people who have been supportive and loving and encouraging throughout my journey.''' ,'''I didn't aspire to be on 'The Bachelor.' I didn't watch the show. I thought it was for losers truly.''' ,'''I'm from Tuscaloosa, and I just grew up with Alabama football just being a part of my everyday life. I drove by campus every other day as a child. 'Roll Tide' was an everyday thing to say.''' ,'''Just because I work out and eat healthy doesn't mean I don't let myself have fun.''' ,'''The desire of my heart is to be loved so fearlessly by somebody. I will not allow myself not to feel chosen every single day.''' ,'''I think I've learned through not speaking up for myself and thinking that I needed to let men trample all over me, and that didn't work out and I did lose my voice and I knew I wasn't going to let that happen in my experience when I was trying to find someone to spend forever with.''' ,'''There are some times where being on the shows are great. Sometimes it's hard, when it's just like, 'the show must go on,' and there's a TV show that's being done.''' ,'''I have God in my heart.''' ,'''I never understand the plan that the Lord has given me. But it's so cool, because He keeps reminding me that I am on the right path. He reminds me with little things and big things.''' ,'''It's been sickening how much money I've passed up.''' ,'''I think with being so honest and real with not just the guys I was having relationships with but with America, I have a lot to give, so I'm excited to be able to use my platform to continue talking to people about these topics that I had to deal with on national television.''' ,'''We've got to change the language of how women speak to women and how men speak to women and how we shame them for the decisions that we make.''' ,'''I'm glad if I can help anybody.''' ,'''My natural reaction is to smile through things.''' ,'''My journey on 'The Bachelor' was interesting. I definitely grew but had ups and downs.''' ,'''I am so supportive of the guys I met on my 'Bachelorette' journey and wish them well. And I'm so glad for the support that some of the guys do show me.''' ,'''Ultimately i am really thankful people want to say hello to me and want to let me know they support me, and I am grateful for that no matter what time, what I look like, what I'm doing, so I couldn't be anymore blessed.''' ,'''I am totally okay on my own. I don't want to have to have a man to feel whole. It's not that I need that to feel like I have a full life. No, I have a full life.''' ,'''Whether it's with a microphone in your face or if it's just a friend having coffee with you. It's really nice for somebody to ask, 'How are you? Are you OK?'''' ,'''I will never pretend like I did not come from Bachelor Nation.''' ,'''I was just a girl from Alabama.''' ,'''When I did dance, I never felt enough. It probably was where I got my biggest insecurities as a kid.''' ,'''What makes me feel most beautiful is feeling confident and sure of myself and knowing that I am worthy and enough and powerful.''' ,'''I set my alarm for 7:30 A.M., but it's really hard for me to wake up in the mornings.''' ,'''Life in L.A. has been amazing. It's been really hard, it's been eventful. It's a lot of what ifs and maybes and being hopeful.''' ,'''I realized I deserve to be happy and have all the things I want in life. It might be scary and outside the norm of what everybody else does, but I need to just go for it.''' ,'''I can't pretend that I'm happy or pretend to get emotional when I'm not.''' ,'''Somebody has said something - or not just somebody, hundreds, thousands of people have something negative to say about me. I have learned that if I'm going to continue to do what I'm supposed to do and move forward, then I cannot let that faze me.''' ,'''Ballroom dancing is so articulate. Your hips have to be a certain way, legs have to be straight at one time and bent another.''' ,'''I saw pageants as a way to be a role model. I think that was always very important to me, to live my life by a certain way that I was proud of and to have those opportunities for scholarship.''' ,'''Oh, I am 1,000 percent too hard on myself.''' ,'''I'm honest to a fault.''' ,'''I have an audience of one, and that's the Lord. And we've had plenty of talks, let me tell you. And I know my heart's in the right place. And so I just have to stand firm on that.''' ,'''This is what I hate about dating - when you just don't know where you stand. I'm pretty honest, I'll say, 'Hey I don't know what's going on,' but I don't like the game of it. Like, do we like each other? Great, well let's explore that.''' ,'''I can handle more than I ever thought I could.''' ,'''Even with the heartbreak that I've had, I've felt a lot of love, and I've been given a lot of love too.''' ,'''Even when times are tough, I learned to hide behind a smile.''' ,'''I think, especially growing up in the South, we are taught that women are supposed to be soft, gentle and kind of just goes along with everything and is submissive.''' ,'''I do love country music. And a real musician.''' ,'''My family has been really supportive of me and is really happy. They made me who I am and so they trust me and love me and ultimately want me to have love too.''' ,'''When you have a group of 30 people together, there's going to be people who don't like each other. That's just simple facts.''' ,'''I live my life and make mistakes and sin every single day... but that's what grace is for.''' ,'''At first, being on the 'Bachelor' and seeing critical comments of myself, it would crush me, but now it's like a daily thing.''' ,'''I sinned daily, and Jesus still loves me. It's all washed, and if the Lord doesn't judge me and it's all forgiven, then no other man, woman, animal - anything, I don't know - can judge me!''' ,'''I have been told that I misrepresent being a Christian. And that has been soul-crushing.''' ,'''I believe the foundation of love is based on honesty and truth.''' ,'''I am unfortunately a perfectionist at heart, so it's really hard to allow myself to not be good.''' ,'''It took me a while to really figure out what my passion was and I think that was another reason why I struggled with anxiety and depression. Because if you don't know what your purpose and your passion is sometimes you don't know what life is for. Once I kind of got out of that rut, I realized that I'm so 100 percent okay with who Hannah is.''' ,'''Being the Bachelorette was an experience unlike anything else. I learned so much about myself during this process and if I were to step into this position again, I'm sure I would learn more.''' ,'''I have the biggest sweet tooth of anybody.''' ,'''The basis of Christianity is loving people and not judgment.''' ,'''I want to keep my options open and make sure I'm doing the best thing for Hannah.''' ,'''I live my life by certain standards.''' ,'''A piece of my heart will aways be in Alabama.''' ,'''Everything that I said that I feel like I want, deserve, the type of respect that I want from a man, I still believe that. I still am going to hold those standards for any man in my life.''' ,'''I have my own autograph pads.''' ,'''I don't cook.''' ,'''My mom's really into Christmas ornaments and our tree's lavish and beautiful.''' ,'''I have been in love with somebody in my past who lied to me, who cheated on me, and I tried to make it work. But I'm not that girl anymore, and that's been something I've been so proud of.''' ,'''I love TV and I think it would be cool to be a host one day.''' ,'''I am basically a walking McDonald's chicken nugget.''' ,'''God bless the United States of America, and Roll Tide.''' ,'''We usually play games at the end of the night on Christmas, so it's just a good time. It's one of my favorite times of the year.''' ,'''I will never take my experience for granted, because it's been a blessing.''' ,'''Physical intimacy is emotionally binding. But there are lots of different sins.''' ,'''The rumba is the dance of love and lust.''' ,'''I mean, Kelly might not have the same feelings for me, but I love Kelly Ripa and what she's done.''' ,'''I'm not an actress, I'm a girl who was on reality TV.''' ,'''I think every time you go through a difficult relationship, you realize more and more about what you will and you won't have in your next relationship - what you deserve and what you don't deserve.''' ,'''I'm getting to use my platform as the Bachelorette - on my season - to really make change through my experience.''' ,'''My faith is super important to me and it is who I am, but I don't ever want my faith to be used to judge me for other decisions that I've made or to have that questioned because that doesn't go over well with me.''' ,'''I'm really into all of these relationship shows.''' ,'''I never would have thought that I would be dancing at Radio City.''' ,'''Going from 'The Bachelorette' to being on 'Dancing with the Stars,' I'm having to work through some things.''' ,'''You know what southern women are? Whiskey in a teacup. We're strong in the inside, but ornate on the outside.''' ,'''I feel like I learned that I am so much stronger than I ever thought I was, not just emotionally, but physically.''' ,'''A lot of times, people get Christianity and religion messed up, because your faith should be something personal in a relationship and it's not to judge others or say, 'Christianity is something you welcome others into.' It should be a place where people feel safe and welcomed... and not to feel judged or shamed.''' ,'''Regardless of any thing that I've done that people might think, 'Oh, well, that deserved a scarlet letter,' that's not how it works.''' ,'''I don't know how to date other than on a TV show with 30 guys at one time. I really don't.''' ,'''My most prized possession is my coffeemaker!''' ,'''I'm probably not going to shed all the pageant girl, because that's who I am. If you don't like it, that's too damn bad.''' ,]
+++