+++
author = "Lisa Cholodenko"
title = "Lisa Cholodenko Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Lisa Cholodenko Quotes"
keywords = "lisa cholodenko,lisa cholodenko quotes,lisa cholodenko quote,lisa cholodenko sayings,lisa cholodenko saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a deal with HBO to develop television, and I am also developing a movie called 'The Abstinence Teacher,' which is based on a book by Tom Perrotta.''' ,'''I was very influenced by the films of the '70s.''' ,'''Wendy and I both wanted kids, but since we were pushing 40, the clock was ticking.''' ,'''I think invariably when you are dealing with relationships, the films really center on that, and the plot is really born out of that. That's the most core part of a relationship: intimacy, I think, whether it's expressed or not.''' ,'''I tend not to be so attracted to films that force me into an intellectual place over an emotional one.''' ,'''Great actors help. Every project is different. Sometimes it's completely open, and I've been able to cast who I've wanted. And then sometimes people want a certain kind of actor.''' ,'''I just think self-satisfied people ignore certain signs about other people.''' ,'''I had a nutty career. I was living in New York. Then I got to an age where my friends and sister were having children, and I started to think I needed to orient myself towards a world where it could happen.''' ,'''I get asked why there aren't more female directors all the time. I'm kind of reluctant to talk about it. That's not because I think the question is irrelevant or stupid. It's just that there are so many mitigating factors.''' ,'''I was a student at SF State, and I honestly didn't know where I was headed. I thought maybe something in the social sciences. But I happened to be living with a group of people, and one person was a film student. I was always keen on and aware of what she was doing.''' ,'''I'm in my mid-40s now, and I came out in 11th grade, so I must have been 17. So that's quite a long time ago, and the temperature and the culture was different.''' ,'''I had a great love affair in high school and let myself have that love affair and tried to keep it to myself.''' ,'''This whole Oscar thing is so political. It's about how much a film grosses, and who's in it, and how well it has been promoted.''' ,'''I had pretty cool parents. Still do.''' ,'''L.A. is conventional to a hyper-real degree. It's plastic.''' ,'''Boundaries get blurry and identities can get lost easily. It's easy to take your partner for granted.''' ,'''Not only does Annette Bening have a really lovely, deep voice, but she's also a great articulator. I think I'm more of a mumbler.''' ,'''Making the choice to cast someone in a lead role is a big one. You don't want to squander your opportunity.''' ,'''I have enjoyed writing my own stuff, and it's been a privilege to be able to scrap some money together to be able to make films from my own scripts.''' ,'''I don't feel like my films are about gender; they are about identity - but a different slant on identity.''' ,'''I feel like if you feel good about a script, and you feel confident about your ability to direct and just capture it right, it's all just, really, really in your favor there.''' ,'''I think when you're writing films that just come fresh out of your own imagination - I think probably anyone who's done that, there are certain themes or styles.''' ,'''In May 2006, I had our son, Calder. I spent the next couple of years learning how to be a mom.''' ,'''Everyone on the planet has a dark and a light. That's a multi-dimensional character.''' ,'''I feel like I've been observed as an individual more than a gay person, or as a filmmaker with a certain point of view rather than a lesbian filmmaker with a gay point of view.''' ,'''I don't know if my films are about women in a kind of frolicking - here's a grab bag of women's issues. They are about women of substance with very particular stories.''' ,'''Along my path, I've realized that this comedy/drama balance is something that's really interesting to me, and I feel, like, authentic to my voice.''' ,'''I was going through some stressful stuff, and I lost feeling in my face and in my tongue. So I went to a doctor. He said he didn't think I had MS or a brain tumor. He said, 'I think you're just stressed out.'''' ,'''The source of so much of my anxiety in life and the tensions in my relationship is my anxiety about my kid. It's all very abstract and unfounded and ungrounded.''' ,'''There is a core value I wanted to illuminate: No matter what kind of family you have - straight, gay, married, single parent, separated, no kids, two kids, 20 kids, whatever - we all go through the human comedy. But if the bonds are strong enough, and the desire is there, you can get to the other side, still together and still a family.''' ,'''I got exposed to art-house cinema and foreign films. I was from L.A., so it was a film culture that I didn't know about.''' ,'''I think I'm interested in these kinds of character dramas, psychological dramas, domestic dramas, whatever you want to call them - comedy dramas.''' ,'''I've done episodic television and some other things that have been written by other people.''' ,'''There's a lot of technology out there to help people have children in different ways, and later in life, for better or worse.''' ,'''I think for any artist, your voice is always evolving. For me, the constant is finding a tension or balance between drama and comedy.''' ,'''In June 2002, I had just finished 'Laurel Canyon' and decided to move back to Los Angeles after nearly a decade in New York. Post-9/11 New York felt different.''' ,'''At the base of it, my gut instinct tells me that there's a kind of fundamental misogyny in the culture. There just is. You know, there's just a weird anxiety around women.''' ,'''If you write something that's personal, there's going to be elements of yourself in it.''' ,]
+++