+++
author = "Trevor Dunn"
title = "Trevor Dunn Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Trevor Dunn Quotes"
keywords = "trevor dunn,trevor dunn quotes,trevor dunn quote,trevor dunn sayings,trevor dunn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Well, I've never been to Japan so I couldn't say. I do know that we have a bit of a following there however.''' ,'''There's a reason I moved to NYC, and if I listed all the musicians on my list you'd grow weary.''' ,'''I guess the two Manifesto, Communicating Vessels, Mad Love, and some of his poetry made a significant mark on me but as far as bringing a literary element into the music I see it as a much broader assimilation.''' ,'''The bungle tour is a bit up in the air due to the fact this at we are getting screwed by our overseas label.''' ,'''I remember when metal was something you really had to search out, and now I hear it on car commercials.''' ,'''But I also like to be in control, like anyone else. I try to achieve a balance.''' ,'''Hopefully, as a band, it will grow and develop for a good length of time.''' ,'''Music is a very personal and emotional form of communication.''' ,'''I take all of my music seriously and personally.''' ,'''Mullets are still going strong in the south and places like St Louis or the Carolinas.''' ,'''I love being a musician. I love the lifestyle. But I think it's probably as difficult and frustrating as anything.''' ,'''Different people bring out different aspects of ones personality.''' ,'''Bungle is definitely a priority right now.''' ,'''I mean, I would hope that I have a style or personality that is evident wherever I go.''' ,'''Pop culture is not about depth. It's about marketing, supply and demand, consumerism.''' ,'''I never understood why the metal heads in my school hated the punks.''' ,'''I've experienced as much fame as I ever want to.''' ,'''I feel akin to the Platypus. An orphan in a family. A swimmer, a recluse. Part bird, part fish, part lizard.''' ,'''It wasn't until after private lessons and learning bass lines that I even noticed bass in the music I was listening to at that age. My ears were blown wide open.''' ,'''I'm comfortable, but not satisfied and I hope to always feel that way.''' ,'''I have no inflated ideas about success anyway.''' ,'''I love playing in Fantomas, which is very strict in terms of composition.''' ,'''I need to broaden my horizons.''' ,'''If I can introduce someone to something new, as is constantly happening to me, then I am elated.''' ,'''NYC is chaotic. And I am attracted to chaos.''' ,'''I think it was more personal, but I certainly tried to adapt certain concepts of Surrealism.''' ,'''It's too hard for me to comment on the sorry state of our culture.''' ,'''If you want music that speaks to you, that LISTENS to you, you have to go out of your way, which I enjoy actually. I'm constantly on a private-eye kick to find the totally obscure.''' ,'''Now I am obsessed with collecting Platypus paraphernalia.''' ,'''Harry Patch didn't get enough recognition. Jerry Garcia got too much.''' ,'''Being in several, disparate bands is what I thrive on.''' ,'''I don't really know why I chose bass except that it was different than guitar.''' ,]
+++