+++
author = "Omar Sharif"
title = "Omar Sharif Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Omar Sharif Quotes"
keywords = "omar sharif,omar sharif quotes,omar sharif quote,omar sharif sayings,omar sharif saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I didn't want to be a slave to any passion anymore. I gave up card playing altogether, even bridge and gambling - more or less. It took me a few years to get out of it.''' ,'''Women know when they've got the menopause but men don't quite know. They know it afterwards.''' ,'''Working gets in the way of living.''' ,'''I don't think I could live without a deck of cards in my hands.''' ,'''Children are wonderful!''' ,'''See these hands? They are old. But they are soft. Only good for caressing.''' ,'''I don't know what women are attracted to. I can't tell, but certainly I have no notion of having sex appeal or being seductive in any way.''' ,'''I don't think any actor feels comfortable watching themselves in movies. You must be very narcissistic. The problem with your own opinion of yourself is that contrary to the normal spectators, when you watch a film you are in, you only watch yourself.''' ,'''I tried on a moustache, and it was decided I would grow one. I've shaved it off for a couple of films, but otherwise, I've had it ever since.''' ,'''My philosophy is that when I go out of my room, I'm prepared to love everybody I meet, unless they're bad.''' ,'''My mother used to play cards with King Farouk. He believed she brought good luck to him - she was his mascot.''' ,'''I'd rather be playing bridge than making a bad movie.''' ,'''I was a fat little boy when I was 10 years old! My mother, who didn't speak any English at all, said, 'I know the only thing is to put him in an English boarding school. The food will be so horrible that he'll lose his weight.'''' ,'''I can't say I gave up totally my passion for women but almost.''' ,'''I like football very much. That's what I like. I play it quite well.''' ,'''I made French films and other films and a lot of Arabic films, but what I like is English for myself.''' ,'''I had too many big passions in life and it gets in the way of work. You can't concentrate properly on the one thing.''' ,'''I'm very wary about giving advice. I think it's very dangerous to give advice to people, except if you know them very well.''' ,'''I love to be with my son and my grandchildren, like normal people. I have no particular idea of what I represent to other people. It's very mysterious to me. I don't understand it.''' ,'''There are lots of wonderful old Italian actors. You don't need to take an Egyptian to play an Italian actor.''' ,'''From the age of 31, I have lived in hotels.''' ,'''I want to live every moment totally and intensely. Even when I'm giving an interview or talking to people, that's all that I'm thinking about.''' ,'''I see only defects because I'm not following the scene as it were. I'm not following the other person. It's like the best thing to clarify this is the theater.''' ,'''Peter O'Toole - I really loved that man. They sent me into the desert, and I lived there with him for 100 days. And there were no women! Can you believe it?''' ,'''I don't know what sex appeal is. I don't think you can have sex appeal knowingly. The people who seduce me personally are the people who seem not to know they're seductive, and not to know they have sex appeal.''' ,]
+++