+++
author = "Meghana Raj"
title = "Meghana Raj Quotes"
quotes_len = "63"
description = "the best 63 Meghana Raj Quotes"
keywords = "meghana raj,meghana raj quotes,meghana raj quote,meghana raj sayings,meghana raj saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As a family, we ensure we sit together and listen to scripts. But the choice of doing a film is entirely mine.''' ,'''Yes, doing a Kannada film is like a homecoming. This industry is like family to me. I have known people here since my childhood.''' ,'''I had to unlearn everything, as Maya's character is the essence of 'Allama.' She reflects feminism, an in-depth and powerful role where she feels that she can never lose.''' ,'''I don't believe in dieting. But I don't eat rice at all.''' ,'''Apart from popular actors like Mammootty and Mohanlal, I knew nothing about Malayalam, but I got to learn so many things which became a strong base in my profession.''' ,'''My earlier film 'Punda' did not give people a glimpse of what I could do as my role was that of a typical glamour doll that required me to run around trees.''' ,'''It is okay, I believe it is not wrong for the industry or the audience to think that a lead actress must look a certain way or have a body of a certain type.''' ,'''Director Aji John has a style of filmmaking that will surely appeal to all.''' ,'''I am not a trained singer, but I used to sing for my father's theatre troupe and that's where I learnt the ropes of pitch and rhythm.''' ,'''I have always accepted films based on what my role is. Of course, I do look at who is playing the lead opposite me, the producer and the director.''' ,'''I like feel-good fiction and mysteries.''' ,'''My place is cemented in Malayalam films. Malayalam is not my language and it felt alien to me. But for them, I am someone from Karnataka who could deliver.''' ,'''I know that it has been a long time since 'Punda,' my first Kannada film, released, but I was determined to wait for a good subject for my next film in Kannada.''' ,'''I was fascinated by my parents as I would visit them on the sets. Since we were a nuclear family I always accompanied my parents to their shoots and I liked the atmosphere there.''' ,'''As a kid, I used to watch my mum handle her personal and professional lives like a pro. And the ease with which she handled everything around her made me love the vibe around the entire industry.''' ,'''Playback singing has always been my dream.''' ,'''It would be a dream come true if I could sing for A.R. Rahman. He is very unconventional.''' ,'''I have never been someone who chooses a film according to the language. Since I am comfortable with Tamil, Kannada and Malayalam, the scope of the film is all that matters to me.''' ,'''Bubbly roles and running around trees don't satiate an actor's quest for the best.''' ,'''Nobody was willing to lend their bike or teach me to ride. Bike riding is very addictive and nobody wants to part with their bike for someone else.''' ,'''Each and every vote counts. For a better nation, please go ahead and vote.''' ,'''I am so obsessed with workouts that I am ok with skipping a meal or two but I just can't imagine not working out for a day.''' ,'''After my Kannada debut, I went through a difficult phase in life. People would make fun of me behind my back, and there were days I would cry alone for hours.''' ,'''My father being a theatre person used to compose music for his plays. He noticed me singing one of his compositions at a young age and he was amazed. From then on, he taught me the little things that he knew about music.''' ,'''Throughout my career, I have always played it safe with the kind of roles I've taken up.''' ,'''It feels good to be back in the Kannada film industry and I'm overwhelmed by the love of the people here.''' ,'''I always wanted to become a doctor but then my plans changed gradually.''' ,'''I was never the avid film watcher.''' ,'''From techies to film stars and kids, everyone is addicted to technology in different ways.''' ,'''Chiru and I always knew we'd end up being with each other. Our families have known each other for a long time.''' ,'''In Telugu, they treat an actor or actress with great importance, and the Kannada industry is like home for me, I feel most comfortable working here.''' ,'''Whether I'm in a sari or a mini skirt hardly matters as long as the role I do in a film is substantial and makes a difference.''' ,'''We should stay in places which are sanitized and make sure family members are safe. Everyone should spread the right amount of information and create awareness about Coronavirus.''' ,'''Given that Chiru also comes from a family which is closely associated with the film industry, I know I will get more support from them to pursue my acting career. I won't stop acting. As long as we live, we will continue to act in films.''' ,'''Oh, I get compared to my mum in many way, be it looks, the performance or whatever else, but none of this seems like a negative.''' ,''''Punda' marks my entry into Kannada and 'Krishnaleelai' will be my Tamil debut. It was a good experience shooting for both the films.''' ,'''Imagine a superstar of his stature coming to someone like me and saying, 'Hi Meghana, I'm Mohanlal. Nice to meet you!' I was so taken aback by his politeness.''' ,'''People would say that I looked good on screen but they could not cast me as I was bit overweight. It was never an issue in Malayalam films. Now, that I have lost some weight, they ask me if there is something wrong with me? It is just a matter of perception.''' ,'''I love chocolate in any form, be it cookies, cakes or milkshakes.''' ,'''I workout regularly with a trainer. It is relaxing for me.''' ,'''I don't want to be typecast as a heroine doing just glamorous roles.''' ,'''Apart from acting, I love singing as well.''' ,'''Singing was a liberating experience for me.''' ,'''I am in love with Kareena Kapoor. I have watched all her films and buy brands that are endorsed by her.''' ,'''There have been times when our career is uncertain, the film industry can be beautiful and judgmental at the same time. There are times when I thought of staying back and giving up.''' ,''''Allama' is a period film set in the 12th century, for which I had to sport a different look. The story is about a mystic saint and Vachana poet Allama Prabhu and I play a dancer in it.''' ,'''Of course, I'm all for women getting to play prominent parts.''' ,'''We tend to crib about kids being addicted to phones all the time, but the truth is that it is the parents who are the root cause of such behavior, because they are usually the original addicts.''' ,'''In 'Maad Dad,' I play Lal's wife, who dies quite young. I've gone completely retro to fit into the role of his traditional wife.''' ,'''In fact, my role in 'Jinda' was tough because I couldn't relate to it in any way.''' ,'''During the send-off at my wedding to the groom's house, I embraced my mother tight, and that was when I realized that I was not going to stay with my mom anymore and be under her guidance, protection and watchful eyes, and that I would be in a different house.''' ,'''Acting with my parents was nerve-wracking. If they watch me act on the sets I feel nervous and blocked.''' ,'''I cannot categorize 'Allama' into one specific genre. The movie is beyond boundaries.''' ,'''My parents have been a great strength to me. They never forced me into anything, and I have the final say.''' ,'''For me, Mother's Day means giving undivided attention to my mother. It's not about buying her luxurious stuff, it's about giving her my complete attention when she is talking, discussing something, and I think it's the best gift for her.''' ,'''Shaji Kailas is an amazing director.''' ,'''Being a Kathak dancer, learning Bharathanatyam was a challenge as it was not that subtle, when compared to my natural form of dance.''' ,'''Chiru is very supportive of my acting career and always pushes me to do good work. In fact, he expects me to continue my acting career even after the marriage.''' ,'''Malayalam cinema has given me the biggest break and has been like a school for me on how to perform.''' ,'''I never planned to act in Malayalam. 'Yakshiyum Njanum' just happened and everything else just followed.''' ,''''Namukku Parkkaan' is a family drama that plots the story of a couple's struggles to build a house of their own. The character I play is every man's dream wife, one who supports her husband through thick and thin.''' ,'''It's a blessing to be a woman as one is able to do the kind of things that a mother can do, and that's the selfless and beautiful thing about womanhood.''' ,'''I'm someone who loves watches.''' ,]
+++