+++
author = "Dinah Manoff"
title = "Dinah Manoff Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Dinah Manoff Quotes"
keywords = "dinah manoff,dinah manoff quotes,dinah manoff quote,dinah manoff sayings,dinah manoff saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Definitely, I have a New York personality.''' ,'''Mother was so good that I was defeated even before I started to be an actress. I thought I could never make it unless I spent years in the Actors Studios, went on the blacklist and lived in New York, as she did.''' ,'''I wanted to direct more than I wanted to act. And I found I couldn't do everything.''' ,'''I'm clean and sober.''' ,'''I loved being a troublemaker. At Santa Monica High, I would smoke on campus, go barefoot, anything.''' ,'''I happen to think, really, that I'm good at what I do.''' ,'''I'm a slob. I live in sweatpants and workout clothes.''' ,'''I started acting as a way to support myself.''' ,'''I work out. I eat great. I'm in shape.''' ,'''I wear a St. Christopher medal. On the back it says: 'Good luck, good luck, good luck - Mama.'''' ,'''I sure don't miss going out on auditions!''' ,'''I am my father's daughter: I have his language, his expressions.''' ,'''My mother is a hardcore actor's actor. She's not a celebrity. She really isn't... And so her main concern was that I not fall into the auditioning-is-my-life syndrome.''' ,'''I've always dated hunks.''' ,'''Once you have been hot and cold, you get real appreciative when you got a place to go every day with decent material, a paycheck to come in, and nice people to work with.''' ,'''I'd grown up in a production company, but discovering the importance of the work, I realized I had something to bring here.''' ,'''I remember unbelievable tension in our home. There were lots of meetings, lots of worries. I remember my father told me I had to be careful of what I said on the phone because it was tapped. And I remember how his friends adored and revered him.''' ,'''I kept turning down roles because I knew I just wasn't ready for them.''' ,'''When I like myself, which is not too often, but when I do like myself on film, it's when I point, and I go, 'Look what she did! She did the funniest thing - look at her!' Where I can really separate back from it and I don't see me anymore, then I'm really excited. That's, like, really fun for me. That jazzes me.''' ,'''I think that from 15 to, like, 18, I went through a very rough time. Something basically everyone goes through in those years - not knowing what you're going to do.''' ,'''I'm an entertainer: I want to make people laugh, cry. I want to move them.''' ,'''I found out my limit. I'm not a singer and a dancer.''' ,'''I don't understand people who want to leave a good job. To me, without being terribly judgmental, those are people who haven't gone through their stint of being out of work for long periods of time.''' ,'''My mother used to ask me to stay home from school and keep her company. I'd fake I was sick, and she'd fake believing me.''' ,]
+++