+++
author = "Nev Schulman"
title = "Nev Schulman Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Nev Schulman Quotes"
keywords = "nev schulman,nev schulman quotes,nev schulman quote,nev schulman sayings,nev schulman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Life experience is what defines our character, even if it means getting your heart broken or being lied to. You know, you need the downs to appreciate the ups. Going on the adventure or taking that risk is important.''' ,'''If we don't hope, if we don't stay positive - at least about love, or finding love - then the rest of life becomes really just painful to think about, because for the most part, you know, day-to-day stuff is monotonous.''' ,'''People really are looking for this perfect sort of dream person, but it's hard to go out every night or make the effort to meet people in your hometown, if you haven't already met them all. Online there's this infinite possibility of meeting this person who, no matter where they live, you're meant to be with.''' ,'''I have very little experience with dating websites. My feeling toward dating websites is what most people's is: If it works, great. If you're serious and legitimate about it and know what you're looking for, then from what I hear, it's definitely effective.''' ,'''The idea of finding your soul mate, whether it's online or not, is what people want.''' ,'''I support any means to make real connections so long as that it does lead really quickly to real connections. It's the long-term online friendships and relationships that start to get a little hairy.''' ,'''Online, you're providing each other with the good aspects of being together as far as communication and support, but you don't have to deal with the realities of paying bills together, or being annoyed when they leave the toilet seat up or don't put the food away in the fridge.''' ,'''I've never done it, but I think if you do a Google search for 'People who will help me travel across the country to meet my online love,' I'm probably the only person that comes up.''' ,'''If you want proof that 'Catfish' was real, just put me in an audition room and watch me fall apart. I can't pretend. I'm really bad at it. That's partly what makes me good at hosting a reality show.''' ,]
+++