+++
author = "Max Azria"
title = "Max Azria Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Max Azria Quotes"
keywords = "max azria,max azria quotes,max azria quote,max azria sayings,max azria saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Fashion is my passion, and I respect the creativity that you find in its different levels.''' ,'''I'm very visionary, very big picture.''' ,'''Any company of my size cannot live without thinking it's possible to go public one day.''' ,'''Herve has that sex appeal. Certain bodies need Herve Leger badly because you have to reformulate the silhouette.''' ,'''Yes, e-commerce is a strange situation for an old guy like me. You can buy a TV online, OK, but to buy a dress or shoes? Ugh. The customer has to go back to the store and breathe and smell and have a good time. Because shopping is a good time - like going to a nice restaurant.''' ,'''The beautiful thing about L.A. is that you have 50 countries in one county. Diversity brings power and muscle.''' ,'''The American woman is more stylish than any other in the world. She understands the power of good style and has the confidence to feel comfortable.''' ,'''The world map looks smaller than ever before.''' ,'''For me, one of the biggest designers is Azzedine Alaia. Everything he is doing is fantastic.''' ,'''Fashion is about comfort and feeling good.''' ,'''When I entered the market, I was rejected because the elite say that you have to sell things at a certain price point. My position was that the consumer is smarter than that. Who cares if it's $200, not $2,000?''' ,'''BCBG is something you can wear every day.''' ,'''I think I have the best house in the world. I thank God to have it. I thank God that I finished it. And I hope that I will live enough to take profit of it.''' ,]
+++