+++
author = "Hopsin"
title = "Hopsin Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Hopsin Quotes"
keywords = "hopsin,hopsin quotes,hopsin quote,hopsin sayings,hopsin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel like God is just telling me what I need to do, and He's showing me the light.''' ,'''I do hip-hop music, and I've gotten famous off of hip-hop music, and I know that I'm successful, and I've created my own definition of success, what success means to me. So the hip-hop world is all just really fake to me.''' ,'''My album, 'No Shame,' will give my fans an extremely real and heartfelt experience of what I have been going through in my personal life.''' ,'''I'm aware that I have a career. But, if I was the hottest in the game, songs all over the radio - let's say whoever produced made me super big. Like, that would be cool, but there would be something in me that goes, 'You only wrote the raps. You didn't make the beats. You didn't direct. You didn't do all that.'''' ,'''When I was growing up, nobody was really supporting me, especially in L.A.''' ,'''In my heart, I've always wanted to do right, but I never knew what right was... but it's weird: God reached down, He said, 'Boom! This is what you are!' and I was like, 'Whoa!'''' ,'''The music I do and the fans I attract? I got crazy fans.''' ,'''Ollies are so simple, I don't do ollies. I do other stuff... I mean, I can pop an ollie but.''' ,'''I am getting all this fame, but I don't absolutely know what I should rap about.''' ,'''I'm all about the natural energy people have and having it without enhancement.''' ,'''Nobody brainwashed me with God in my head or anything. I just saw this new reality, and I felt like I've been blinded, and I finally took the blindfolds off.''' ,'''I'm anti-drugs, 100 percent. I don't like drugs or alcohol. I never did either of the two, and I don't plan on it.''' ,'''Everyone knows I'm weird.''' ,'''Every song that is a Hopsin song, I 100 percent made it. Nobody helped me. There was no producer to say, 'Hey, put the beat like this... ' It was all me. If the song was wack, then the song was wack. If it's dope, it is what it is.''' ,'''I've been working on my relationship with God, and when you work on your relationship with God, it gets to a point where you don't want to walk down the sinful road anymore.''' ,'''The only reason skaters hang around this guy is because he's Lil Wayne, but they don't like him. I've talked to skaters; nobody likes Wayne as a skateboarder.''' ,'''I was a rapper who was 13 or 14 years old at one point, and it was a dream. I used to see videos of other rappers around the world, and I used to hope that I could be like that one day.''' ,'''I just want to get to that point where I'm able to fully create music that's good lyrically and quality-wise as far as the way it's knocking and everything.''' ,'''I want to get to know God.''' ,'''The brain is so intricate. It can do so many things, and people sleep on it. It's not just a piece of meat in there - it can do so much.''' ,'''Kendrick Lamar is not a whack rapper, not at all. Do I think he's a super-mega-lyricist? Not really.''' ,'''I have the freedom to say what I want to say.''' ,'''I notice, a lot of white rappers sometimes, they'll feel like they have to be, like, almost aggressive.''' ,'''When I was on the 'Knock Madness' tour, I was just thinking about life; I started questioning God. I was praying a lot. I was just really emotional. I was going through a break up situation as well. And I just felt like I needed to be home. I was over the rap thing. I just felt like I wasn't getting the respect and credit that I deserve.''' ,'''Kids, don't do drugs, and pay your taxes.''' ,'''I did sign to Ruthless Records, but they didn't really support me.''' ,'''I'm not just a rapper. I like to produce music.''' ,'''I don't really want to rap about money.''' ,'''On the second verse of 'Tears to Snow,' I talk about rappers and the way they view me now, rappers in the underground world who I might've know for a little bit, or they might've opened a show for me. A lot of them talk crap about me behind my back, and they'll smile in my face.''' ,'''I think I make good beats, but when it's not mastered correctly, it can definitely make it sound like it's not a good beat, and that has been an issue sometimes with me in the past.''' ,'''The last time I put out 'Raw,' that boosted me up in the underground to one of the top underground artists who was making moves and touring around the world.''' ,'''I don't get mentioned in too many things that deal with hip-hop, really, because I'm not really friends with anybody. Not in the way where I'm enemies with them; I just don't meet people.''' ,'''I love animals.''' ,'''Trinidad Jame$ is the most garbage piece of rapper that has ever existed on the face of the earth.''' ,'''If it wasn't for the Internet, I wouldn't be here. I'd probably be rapping, but I wouldn't be well known if it wasn't for the Internet.''' ,'''If God is real, and he did give a piece of Himself to us, it is our brain.''' ,'''I always wanted a pug. After seeing 'Men in Black,' the little pug in that, I had to get one.''' ,'''I just want people to know the reality, and I want people to see the world as it really is - the world is our playground, and we can do anything we want to do on it. Everyone else needs to see it that way - there are no real rules.''' ,'''I don't have any beef with any rapper.''' ,]
+++