+++
author = "Samuel Ervin Beam"
title = "Samuel Ervin Beam Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Samuel Ervin Beam Quotes"
keywords = "samuel ervin beam,samuel ervin beam quotes,samuel ervin beam quote,samuel ervin beam sayings,samuel ervin beam saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I went to art school, wanting to be a painter and then I got into photography. Then it was movies, and I liked the images. One of the things that interested me in film was that I was communicating in images. That was something I did intuitively and could not even talk about until I started having to do interviews.''' ,'''I like to make things. When you make something, you work it and you work it until it's done, and then you say 'Look, here's what I made.'''' ,'''I live in Texas, man. It's hard to be a vegetarian down here.''' ,'''I like writing in an illustrative, descriptive way. I prefer describing to rather than explaining. One, I rarely have anything to say. It's much more interesting for me to discover some meaning that you didn't know that you could create.''' ,'''I change things each time we go into making a record, like the personnel playing on it, the types of music.''' ,'''The things that have been most popular with people have always been a total surprise, and so I've never felt like I could really truthfully predict public taste, so why bother?''' ,'''I keep trying to make different records each time.''' ,'''Saxophones are awesome.''' ,'''I always liked American Analog Set.''' ,'''I like Wallace Stevens, Robert Frost, but some of the older ones it's hard for me to sit down with - when I sit down to read some poetry, I usually read more contemporary stuff.''' ,'''As a writer, there is only so much of your own life you can draw on.''' ,'''Every musician that comes along teaches me something.''' ,'''Contradictions are fun.''' ,'''What's around the corner is always more exciting than the corner that I'm on, unfortunately.''' ,'''I have a hard time saying I'm going to make a whole record of just rock-out songs, because that gets boring, you know? And my voice doesn't scream very well.''' ,'''Love songs are helpful. We've always needed as much love as we could possibly need.''' ,'''Religion is a huge part of our consciousness. I grew up in the Bible Belt, so it's our mythology. Those are the stories we learn as little kids at Sunday school. I'm not afraid to use the metaphors, because I think the stories are beautiful.''' ,'''What's fascinating about facial hair? It's more fascinating that people shave it off every day.''' ,'''You can treat musicians like actors - you give them a roadmap but don't tell them what to do, and let their personal style or interpretation speak in the piece. And in both film and music, you create a space where people feel safe to do their best. You treat songs like scripts that can be interpreted a lot of different ways.''' ,'''I like good melodies and a great song.''' ,'''I've always liked string sections. I'm a sucker for melody, so it's fun to have strings add more layer of melody in the arrangement.''' ,'''I didn't really intend on having a music career. It just kind of happened.''' ,'''I was drawn to painting and filmmaking because I was interested in communicating visually, which spills over into my tendencies as a writer.''' ,'''I make music and hope people enjoy it - but when they do it's always a surprise. A nice surprise, but not one that I expect to always be there.''' ,'''I find making records by myself incredibly boring.''' ,'''Making sad music, it's not for me. I don't find that interesting.''' ,'''Back in '98 or so when I was in film school I was working on lighting for a movie in Georgia, out in the middle of nowhere at a gas station. Inside the gas station they had a bunch of old home remedies like castor oil, and one of them was a protein supplement called Beef, Iron & Wine. I just dropped the Beef part.''' ,'''I'll always err on the side of art for art's sake.''' ,'''I like to keep working and keep changing. It's a hopeful, optimistic thing to think and sit about what you could do next. Maybe it's blind optimism.''' ,'''You can't predict what people are going to like. You have to stay true to your enthusiasm and obsessions.''' ,'''I certainly don't want to make the same record twice. That's no fun.''' ,'''I try to use a poetic language more than talk about my feelings, but it is married to the music.''' ,'''Music is one of those things that if you play it safe, it can be incredibly boring.''' ,'''I am not interested in political writing, because it's limited in its scope. I try to write general, human kinds of songs, which suggest more than they explain. You can take a lot of different meanings, but hopefully everyone feels some kind of recognition.''' ,'''I don't sit and write records from start to finish. I write all the time, and when it's time to record you just look and see what songs you've got that could work together as a group thematically.''' ,'''I learned early on that you do yourself a disservice trying to replicate the record onstage every night. As a player, and for the audience I think, it's a mistake.''' ,'''We all have holes inside. We need love.''' ,'''Oh yeah, I love Peter Gabriel's stuff. I mean, I even have the Genesis records. He's incredible.''' ,'''Like anyone who records music or writes a song, I thought, 'Wouldn't that be cool if someday I were able to do this for a living?' But it was such a fluke, and it really all took me by surprise and I just held on for dear life. I really wasn't prepared. I really went into it naively with no experience.''' ,'''I was raised in the suburbs. I wasn't on a plantation or anything.''' ,'''I listen to everything: noise, classical, jazz. I like lots of different types of food. There's no way you could get me to eat the same meal everyday, so why would I do the same with music?''' ,'''I'm pretty easy going. I can be anyway. I definitely have my moments. You can ask my kids. But I try to be nice.''' ,'''I try to write humanistic songs.''' ,'''As a listener, I like shorter records, because you can really absorb the songs.''' ,'''My folks had a lot of Motown records, so that was a kind of an early inspiration. I grew up on the radio really.''' ,'''A thing can be too pretty and perfect, so if you kick some dirt on it, then it feels like you wore it around a bit.''' ,'''It's a funny thing having a recording be part of your career. It means you can go back and revisit yourself, in a way most people don't.''' ,'''I don't like to be doing the same thing over and over again, so I keep trying other things.''' ,'''It's nice to play new songs, but it's nerve-wracking.''' ,'''I learn something with each record and take that into the next one.''' ,'''A lot of the big-budget movies, craft-wise, are amazing, but have a boring story. And the indies have their idiosyncrasies.''' ,'''I like having a big band because it gives you more options. They can always not play and I can do the quiet stuff, but when we want to do the big arrangements, we can.''' ,'''I liked 'The Omen.'''' ,'''I feel like anytime you write about people in an honest way, you can find connections to any issue you would like.''' ,'''The Beatles showed with 'Sgt. Pepper's' that you can make an album out of anything, just make it seem like it's connected.''' ,'''I'm not religious. But I grew up religious in the Bible Belt.''' ,'''I don't really make particularly abrasive music, but at the same time I wouldn't change something to make people like it.''' ,'''I love to sell records, but that's not what I'm into.''' ,'''I don't watch that much TV.''' ,'''My wife is a midwife, and there's only so many states where you can do that. Texas is a place where she can work.''' ,'''Yeah, I've always liked Barbara Crane's stuff.''' ,'''All my songs usually borrow from my own life but pull from fantasy or other people's stories that you hear, or something you read. It's fun as a writer to pull from all those different places, and to connect them. But also, I don't have an interesting enough life to strictly pull from that.''' ,'''I don't write Plastic Ono Band stuff, though I love that record.''' ,'''Every time I play with a new musician I absorb something, even if it's someone you don't like!''' ,'''I like to make fun records. Contrary to popular belief.''' ,'''At art school you realize that in order to stay engaged you have to ignore the critics, good and bad.''' ,'''Whenever you're ready to go and have studio time, that's when we start to record.''' ,'''Music is definitely cheaper and more immediate. But part of the draw of film to me is the multidisciplinary aspect. I always enjoyed film writing.''' ,'''I would love to be able to do the pace that people used to do decades ago, where you'd make a record a year, or something was wrong with you.''' ,'''Sometimes I teach script writing.''' ,'''I've learned a lot from being on a major.''' ,'''I don't necessarily enjoy playing concerts, although that has gotten more fun with a band. But the one thing I always have enjoyed is making records and being in that creative environment. And that has become a lot more enjoyable having other people involved.''' ,'''Anytime you go back and listen to old material, there's always the threat of being surprised.''' ,'''I don't really listen to a lot of stuff that sounds real similar to me because I work on that kind of music all day. I end up listening to more jazz, stuff that I can't really play.''' ,'''When I put out a record I don't really like to do covers as much, but I don't mind playing them. I do them mostly for my friends. When a friend's like, 'Man I really like that song,' I go 'hahaha' and I go home and I record it.''' ,'''I recognized that a lot in my writing I'm trying to show both sides of the coin - the sour and sweet. Iron & Wine seemed to fit with that duality and I thought it would be more interesting to call the project that rather than use Sam Beam.''' ,'''I have a certain amount of creative energy, and it used to go painting. Now most of it goes to music. I like to make things. I treat the songs more like poems than prose, so in that sense, I don't really have a point to make. I just try to be surprised.''' ,'''You have high school photos and stuff, but to have a recording of your voice and your work from 20 years ago, it's a kick in the head to hear how you've changed and what you were interested in at the time and how it's either changed or stayed the same.''' ,'''I like short records in general that you can swallow in one sitting.''' ,'''I was born in 1974, so I grew up listening to what was on the radio - my mom's car sounded like Fleetwood Mac, because that was what was on the radio.''' ,'''Me, I'm a lazy bum, so I don't shave.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to be reminded where you were at the time, and songs are a good vehicle for that. It's so funny how those things are connected with your memory.''' ,'''I'm a movie buff, and I'm interested in the craft of it.''' ,'''I have a short attention span.''' ,'''I'm not a particularly macabre person.''' ,'''I was just writing songs in my spare time, and recording because it's fun to do, and Sub Pop called me and said they wanted to put some stuff out. I had to weigh whether I wanted to put the time into it because it's a commitment. But, in the end, it seemed too good to pass up.''' ,'''As far as American directors, Terrence Malick is probably my very favorite.''' ,'''My day-to-day existence is, honestly, a little boring.''' ,'''I'm very flattered the press wants to write about me.''' ,'''I like ones that pertain to the music they make. Talking Heads does that somehow. More often than not band names are just a quirky joke that doesn't really stay funny for very long. It's like Homer Simpson's barbershop quartet, the Be Sharps. At first you're like, 'That's funny!' Then you're like, 'It's not that funny.'''' ,'''I went to an art school and you learn very quickly there that you're only as good as your next idea, not so much what you've got going on at the moment. And so I embraced that. It sunk in at an early point.''' ,'''I don't advertise what I do to my kids. I don't go around waving a flag. I'm sure they are proud, in a certain way. I'm not like 'hey kids - check this out.' No matter what they do, your dad is still your dad. Nothing is going to help you out in that regard. Dad is just not cool.''' ,'''I don't want to single anyone out. I'll just say that there are a lot of not good band names out there.''' ,'''I remember 'The Shepherd's Dog' record being not necessarily a political record, but a reaction to socio-political situations in America. And it didn't manifest itself as protest or propaganda songs, but there's a lot of surreal imagery that was born out of really me being surprised Bush got re-elected in '04.''' ,'''You cannot predict public taste. That's why I always just trusted mine.''' ,'''Well, for me, I grew up in the Carolinas, and it's our mythology. Those are the characters that we learn about how to live life and moral lessons. It wasn't Zeus and Athena. It was Job and Jesus.''' ,'''People always say, 'Why don't you play more sets in Texas?' and I say, 'Dude, why don't you come babysit?'''' ,'''Anything to shake you out of the normal habits is good.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I can't sit down and write a song to sell.''' ,'''You can sand something forever. You can keep working on it. All the arts are like that: there's no magical finish line. You get sick of working on it or you walk away.''' ,]
+++