+++
author = "Sara Pascoe"
title = "Sara Pascoe Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Sara Pascoe Quotes"
keywords = "sara pascoe,sara pascoe quotes,sara pascoe quote,sara pascoe sayings,sara pascoe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''No success will ever quench your thirst - my rich person's therapist told me that.''' ,'''The only reason you would hate to be compared to 'Fleabag' is if you were said to be 'not as good as Fleabag'.''' ,'''I'm always thinking about being inclusive in my sentences.''' ,'''When I was little, I wore shoes that were too small for me for years, so my feet grew weird, so my little toenails grow and then they just fall off and then they grow again.''' ,'''I used to steal from the library, which is a crime and it's bad, but I just couldn't get enough books, and I also didn't like to give them back once I'd read them. I just read everything.''' ,'''I honestly believe true happiness lies in lowered expectations. In opening the door to let the air in.''' ,'''I don't feel like a very feminine woman sometimes. I feel manly. When I was in my twenties I would say I was a masculine girl and now I realise the whole idea of femaleness is a construct. I'm a boyish girl, who talks over people and I do a boyish job.''' ,'''I always get nervous before a gig, so I look over my writing, trying not to fantasise about all the things that could go horribly wrong.''' ,'''The cliche of call-centre work is that it's mainly older people who will stay on the line to talk to you. Whether through loneliness or good manners, they tend to allow you to finish your sentences, hear you out.''' ,'''There's social media where people's politics are out there, they're forwarding articles and seem engaged, but it's only online. We tweet and pat ourselves on the back, thinking we have done something, said we're interested, but it needs more work.''' ,'''Worse than useless, I worry e-petitions are detrimental, with their sense of catharsis and mini-activism. Channelling away agitation, giving us the opportunity to show all our Facebook friends just exactly how great we are at being compassionate.''' ,'''Growing older has helped me become empathetic to other people and their reasons for making choices. I used to think there was a definitive right and wrong and that only I knew what they were and so I should be dictator of the world.''' ,'''I want my funeral to be uncomfortably quiet.''' ,'''When I was at university, I did essays on political theatre. And it was really frustrating that the ideas weren't reaching the people they were talking about. Standup is the one place where you are talking to every level of society.''' ,'''I wore a padded bra every single day and night from the age of 14 until I was 31. Giving up padding was my New Year's resolution. I had known for ages that wearing a stuffed bra was a form of hiding my real body.''' ,'''We're all diminished and restricted by sweeping statements defining boy and girl, our expectations and disappointments with ourselves, the way we look, what we enjoy, and the choices we make.''' ,'''Standup is a place where, as long as it's funny enough, you can say your most embarrassing things, shameful things and disappointing things.''' ,'''There was a girl I was best friends with at college; I always used to kiss the boys she liked. I'd like to apologise to her.''' ,'''Regency literature was too coal-y for me, too long-winded and describey. I preferred modern books where you had to read other books explaining what the first book meant to know what happened.''' ,'''Comedy, surprisingly for a form that intends to bring joy and joviality, is always upsetting people. Jokes rely on broad strokes, stereotypes, caricatures, exaggerations and simplifications.''' ,'''I did an open air gig in Regent's Park and that's an incredible venue because the sun sort of sets while you're on stage and you can see the audience so brightly.''' ,'''For women, style codes are not merely about being smart or presentable, they are a platform for judgment.''' ,'''The love of Elizabeth Bennet and Mr Darcy is reliant on the restrictions of Regency culture, their passion is created by repression.''' ,'''But, if you read science journals or the inside of Snapple caps, you might already know that watching TV is the closest you can get to being dead, which is why it's so relaxing.''' ,'''The more you learn, the more becomes possible in life.''' ,'''Skinniness is a new fashion. It reflects an obsession with youth, a suggestion of pre-adolescence when a female's fertility can be dominated. It implies vulnerability, feebleness and fragility.''' ,'''While all religious beliefs should be respected, choice is a human right.''' ,'''We don't live in a world where, if you commit a crime, your life's over. We as a society believe in rehabilitation. We believe in second and third chances.''' ,'''Bodies have a sex, but gender is a thing we made up, like your star sign or nationality. It doesn't really say anything about who you are. The destruction of gender binary would free everybody.''' ,'''When you're the person in the room with the microphone, you have a platform to talk about whatever you want, and it's much more interesting if we're discussing something that feels relevant.''' ,'''Pride and Prejudice' is set in the early 19th century. At that time, women had the legal status of children. A daughter was the property of her father until marriage, when her ownership passed to her husband.''' ,'''I wrote on my website that veganism isn't right for everyone and the first thing you have to consider is nutrition. I was saying that some use veganism as a form of eating disorder and that careful vegans replace what they cut out of their diet.''' ,'''I didn't watch TV in the 90s and early 00s. I was too busy trying to grow out a fringe and perm.''' ,'''The definition of comedy is 'unsafe space' - you can't control what people laugh at.''' ,'''Many of my memories of my mum are of her in the bath with a book, utilising her limited spare time by simultaneously washing and studying. She left school with no qualifications and now has a PhD. If I seem like I am bragging about this, I am.''' ,'''Since I was really small, my mum says I wouldn't talk at breakfast because I would just read the back of the cereal packet.''' ,'''That's the thing: when I listen on public transport, my headphones act as a separator - a wired barrier between me and the nearest people. Yet my podcasts drag me through the depths of human nature.''' ,'''I could barely function as an adult; I slept through alarm clocks and lost train tickets mid-journey.''' ,'''Orange Is the New Black' is the womanliest TV show that has ever existed. It doesn't merely pass the Bechdel test, it gets all As and goes straight to Oxbridge, even though it's only three years old.''' ,'''When I was 18, I moved out of home. I decided to try to be an actor, so took myself off to slum it with nine humans and a million mice in a red Leytonstone house.''' ,'''Call centres employ mainly out-of-work actors because vocal skills plus low self-esteem equals reliable cold caller.''' ,'''I have never been to Ladies' Day at the Grand National. I've never been to any day there, truth be told, and unless they introduce a Scruffy People Who Believe Horse Racing to Be Deeply Cruel Day and pay me to attend I can't see that changing.''' ,'''Even quicker than the development of super-technology is the human adaptation to taking it for granted. We live in a world where regular people converse publicly with an inanimate object and escape Bedlam or a dunking.''' ,'''When I go back to Essex, where I grew up, I'm still appalled by the homophobia and casual racism and aggression. I live in Lewisham, in south London, and though it might look a bit rough, it's a diverse, friendly neighbourhood.''' ,'''I started comedy as a hobby, really, and it still doesn't seem like a proper job.''' ,'''Watching the news, there seems to be an empathy failure and miscommunication.''' ,'''I have to remind myself that I am a comic, I'm not a politician.''' ,'''Sometimes people give to charity because they have been persuaded to believe in a cause, sometimes just to get rid of you and sometimes because they are befuddled and confused.''' ,'''I'm proud that I can do that material in a club gig where a lot of people think Page 3's a bit of fun and you're the feminist with the problem. It's always funnier to say: this is my opinion, look how we disagree.''' ,'''When I was 14, I auditioned for Michael Barrymore's 'My Kind Of People'.''' ,'''We parcel up time into years and months and days because without compartmentalisation the tundra of time is impossible to navigate.''' ,'''For all of the separateness of church and state, Christian morality has shaped Britain and its inhabitants for a very long time.''' ,'''My earliest food memory is being starving hungry after swimming. I think that's quite common with children: the second you're out of the water you want to have a Twix, a cup of tea and chips and salty stuff.''' ,'''When I was a child, I had an intense fear of going to prison. I wasn't on the run or anything - my crimes were small and they were all against fashion. But I had nightmares about accidentally killing someone, or being falsely accused.''' ,'''When podcasts are in charge there will be no wars, just ears. That will probably be our motto, but in Latin. In our podcastian future, we'll comprehend that each story has another angle, every case a contradictory piece of evidence.''' ,'''I get a fizzy thing in my brain, like a nice glass of wine, and I want to know facts and I want to understand.''' ,'''When you meet a new woman who does stand-up, it is instantly like, 'Yes! In the gang'. Because you know the logistics of the job: they travel a lot, it's lonely in dressing rooms, you know that they have bad gigs. That means they don't have to prove themselves to me.''' ,'''When I was a small child we were allowed to wait up until midnight on 31 December. Then as the TV chimed, Dad would run to the front door and open it, welcoming the New Year air. This is the kind of entertainment you make in poor families, and cry to your therapist about when you're rich.''' ,'''People learn more when they're enjoying themselves.''' ,'''So why don't all religions get together and go to war with atheists? Because we all want the same thing: respect and tolerance and not to be forced to do anything we don't want to.''' ,'''The Apollo seats 3,600 people: I could hear them making a huge noise for Milton Jones and Lee Mack. If the audience doesn't make the same amount of noise for you, you feel like you've failed.''' ,'''I get too upset by online criticism.''' ,'''When I started watching comedy there was a lot of negativity about women; a lot of comics were spewing out aggressive, violent and negative material.''' ,'''I became a vegetarian at seven. I went on a school trip to a farm and loved the animals.''' ,'''I thought all comedy was stupid. I went to watch a friend do stand-up and I thought absolutely everyone was terrible.''' ,'''It's unfair but true: youth is attractive, curvy women are attractive, outliers who look a bit different to everybody else are attractive.''' ,'''I'm a vegan and London's great for vegans.''' ,'''The podcast is a bit like a phone call, except you don't say anything.''' ,'''It sounds like a brag but I've got a separate room in my flat just for unread books; I don't let my read books touch my unread books.''' ,'''I was exceptionally opinionated as a teenager, never afraid to rant and ruin a birthday party or cinema trip.''' ,'''I try so hard to be tolerant of everyone and their choices, but people who harm pets or support factory farming have an enemy in me.''' ,'''A show that I loved as a kid was 'Maid Marian And Her Merry Men'. It was a really strong female character making fun of the boys, an inversion of gender politics. But it was very funny, too. I always wanted to be one of the village people messing about in the mud and being stinky.''' ,'''As an adult, my hero is my dog, Mouse. He is so friendly to everyone he meets. He wags his tail and loves everyone, like Jesus!''' ,'''There's nothing you can't tell to an audience, because they're all people who've had lives. The only thing they don't want to watch is someone who's really angry or out of control.'''' ,'''I would have been an essayist in the 18th century. Maybe I'd have had one gag in the piece, but essentially I'd be saying something.''' ,'''If a bright-coated fundraiser was hassling a confused pensioner in the street, people would see, some hero would intervene. But it's happening in living rooms on landlines, and it will continue.''' ,'''I really respect the work and speeches of Tony Benn. He was a powerful speaker with a huge heart.''' ,'''Extensive analysis was conducted before deciding whether consumers would respond better to a male or female imprisoned in their phone. Almost every country in the world had a female Siri programmed - but not, initially, in the UK and France.''' ,'''Ten years ago, I went to visit my dad in Australia. I walked to the edge of a cliff and looked over and tripped. I righted myself but my head was over the edge. No one saw it.''' ,'''I was always obsessed with ancient Egypt, but any time you go back to wouldn't be as good for women as now - so it might be a quick visit.''' ,'''I hate how old people get in my way when I'm swimming. You're trying to get into the zone and normally, if there's someone faster than you, you get out of the way, but old people don't; they're like, you can go round me. I give a little tut when I pass them.''' ,'''But with 'Newsrevue' I started doing some characters, and I just loved how you were in control. You could write something that day and go and do it that night, rather than waiting for a job that involves other people. So I did character stand-up, and then proper stand-up, and I loved it; I got addicted.''' ,'''Utilitarianism is a philosophy from the olden days exploring the idea that whatever is best for the majority is the fairest.''' ,'''If we accept ourselves as animals, and have empathy and tolerance, compassion to others, understand that humans are territorial, aggressive and have gender aspects, then we can change things.''' ,'''With Netflix, we accept the democracy: not every show needs to be watched by everyone. And let's face it, we don't have time to watch everything. When will I sleep? I used to read and wash my hair. If TV gets any better, I'll have to give up work.''' ,'''After an afternoon of interviewing Siri it turns out there are millions of questions that it can't or won't answer: How did you get my phone number? How many Siris are there? Did you have a Christmas party? Who is playing the tiny xylophone before and after each interaction? Are you spying on us, plotting the downfall of our species?''' ,'''Sometimes I am lucky enough to hang out with Tim Key and he is constantly funny. Every moment. When I haven't seen him for a bit I do his voice in my head to entertain myself.''' ,'''The pancreas releases insulin to make you ready for fight or flight when you're scared. So if you don't fight or flight - if you stay onstage, telling jokes - then your body stores more fat in your tummy which makes you insulin resistant. All comedians have fat bellies, even if they exercise.''' ,'''Culturally even, you have shows like 'Friends' or 'Sex in the City' that are imbibed along with like fairy stories, which are all about The One. Then we feel like we're looking for it, and if relationships end, what we've experienced isn't valid.''' ,'''I've been an actor since I was 18. So that's my proper job. But I was not a very successful actor, if you consider being able to afford your rent successful. I did lots of old people's tours; reminiscence tours.''' ,'''Much of the discussion around how people look at women focuses on culture, as if the media is entirely to blame. As if, without magazines and commenting hosts, we'd all suddenly dress in practical overalls and only judge a person on the quality of their charity work and poetry.''' ,'''Backstage at the Apollo isn't a fun place to be. It's a bit like a prison: small rooms filled with warm Diet Coke.''' ,'''I wanted the audience to write stories and then read them out if they wanted to. It's always the best part of the show because people are so imaginative.''' ,'''Someone who didn't do comedy might think it was awful to have someone talking about you. But I just love the attention, even if I'm not there.''' ,'''I am very short-sighted but I don't wear my glasses as they give me a headache, so if everyone could just stand closer to me that would help.''' ,'''If you view history as a backdrop, set-dressing or fiction, then 'Pride and Prejudice' is hugely entertaining. My reread saw the misery of the female characters' reality. My new reaction was sadness and fury. Knowledge ruins everything!''' ,'''Belief is invisible, so there is enough space for everyone's. Except in the shops at Christmas.''' ,'''It's interesting that reading, like listening to podcasts, is a lone pursuit, one where we keep our mouths shut and let someone else do the talking. Where we absorb rather than emit. By occasionally isolating ourselves, we can more successfully, more generously, socialise.''' ,]
+++