+++
author = "Thomas Muller"
title = "Thomas Muller Quotes"
quotes_len = "94"
description = "the best 94 Thomas Muller Quotes"
keywords = "thomas muller,thomas muller quotes,thomas muller quote,thomas muller sayings,thomas muller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The most important thing in Guardiola's theory is to play football, and this always stays the same. The basic idea is always the same, but different opponents offer different space which you can use to play in.''' ,'''I see myself as a team player.''' ,'''Ronaldo and Messi, in particular, are above everybody else.''' ,'''I became a professional footballer because I love football.''' ,'''I know that I can play in the middle, on the right, or up front.''' ,'''The pressure is always there with Bayern, but we can cope with it.''' ,'''You can't forget it is a business and not just playing football for a hobby.''' ,'''I like to be active in space in behind the opposition's midfield. That's where I can hurt the opponent most of all.''' ,'''At FC Bayern, the Bundesliga title is always the first priority.''' ,'''I didn't have one single hero. Many footballers I looked up to and said, 'Wow, I want to be like them,' but be like them not just as a person but also for their skills.''' ,'''I have spent much of my youth on artificial pitches. The body can feel a little heavier, but the ball is there quicker and cleaner.''' ,'''The titles that I have won at a young age are a further inspiration to work hard to continue to be successful.''' ,'''There's no club out there that is really a step up when you play for Bayern Munich. At most, you can join a club that acts at the same level.''' ,'''In the end, we should not forget that playing football is our job. So people should accept that wages will always play a role in a player's decision-making.''' ,'''In this system, I've always played in the position behind the striker. I also don't enjoy being classed as a striker - I don't see myself as one.''' ,'''I am Thomas Muller, and I want to be like me.''' ,'''You grow year after year with responsibility, and for me, it's not important who has the armband but that everyone on the pitch gives the right signals.''' ,'''When you play for Bayern Munich and you are important for the team, there's no better club out there.''' ,'''I just try not to pretend to be something I'm not.''' ,'''No player can rest on his laurels.''' ,'''I know that I make technical mistakes from time to time. It's one of the aspects of my game that I've been working on for years. I think I've managed to reduce the number of those technical mistakes to a minimum, but occasionally, they happen. On the other hand, I do have moments of technical brilliance.''' ,'''Every sportsman wants success. It is very important.''' ,'''In football, you always look forward, and it's about the next game you play.''' ,'''I will always try to stay on the right path, listen only to my coaches and my inner voice. If there is good advice from journalists, I will take that as well.''' ,'''We cannot always shine and play to our very best, but as long as we win, it doesn't matter.''' ,'''I try to be a player who is there for the team, even off the pitch.''' ,'''As a striker, you always try to convert your chances, give everything when training.''' ,'''You have to adapt and find your niche, in terms of the type of player you can become, both on and off the pitch. I always knew I'd have no chance against a 1.90m, 90kg defender in a duel, so the key is to avoid these situations altogether. You have to pick your space and time.''' ,'''When we talk my biggest influence, I have to say Van Gaal. He threw me in the deep end.''' ,'''We are footballers, not artists.''' ,'''Even if you play well, you can lose, and vice versa.''' ,'''I like playing Italian teams. To me, they are the fairest sportsmen of them all. I don't agree with the Italy stereotypes - I trust in what I have experienced and witnessed.''' ,'''Louis van Gaal and I have a relationship that goes beyond that which is normal between a player and a coach.''' ,'''I am not a guy who gets scared.''' ,'''Transfer fees don't show which player is better. It's only a number necessary for a club to get a player.''' ,'''You can't compare my game with Messi's, Neymar's, or Cristiano Ronaldo's.''' ,'''There is no B-Team at Bayern Munich.''' ,'''You can't always expect us to trash our opponents.''' ,'''I have always said that I do not pay much attention to what is said. Not to the positive and not to the negative.''' ,'''When we're up 1-0 after 88 minutes, I don't sprint to the sidelines to take a throw-in - I expect that I and my team will be smart.''' ,'''Nothing will push me away from Bayern.''' ,'''I hate running.''' ,'''Football is the best team sport in the world, and it is good to hear that more and more kids are playing football in India.''' ,'''The players who tend to make the difference are often great dribblers. Some are very fast; others have a repertoire of moves and feints. These players need to have great technique in order to be good dribblers. But I'm not a good dribbler.''' ,'''When I play well, it is usually when I am in the centre.''' ,'''Football is simple but very complicated.''' ,'''While it would be lovely to play well every week, that is simply not going to happen.''' ,'''Victory comes first because winning is the most important thing in football.''' ,'''When the team's not playing well offensively, it's always a problem for me because I'm not an individualistic player.''' ,'''I try to help the team, and I know what my qualities are, how I can use it to be successful at the highest level. That does not always look so elegant.''' ,'''I try to be available for the fans, but sometimes when I'm with my family, wife, and friends, I try to protect my private life.''' ,'''I define myself by efficiency and straightforwardness.''' ,'''As professionals, you always have to perform to the top of your ability.''' ,''''Space finder' is a phase I used in an interview one time, and it's followed me ever since.''' ,'''Team spirit is paramount - each of our own egos has to take a back seat. That applies to me as well as everyone else.''' ,'''I'd be in the wrong job if I had to stand in front of the mirror and push myself to go to work every day.''' ,'''Sometimes a little kid will come up to me and ask me to show him some tricks. I always have to say: 'I can't do any tricks.' They want to see some sort of magic: keepie-uppies, around-the-worlds, that sort of thing. It's not really my strength.''' ,'''At Bayern, the journey is always headed for titles.''' ,'''Luck and misfortune are closely intertwined.''' ,'''Sometimes I watch past goals, but I don't watch them because I think that it'll help me to score in the next game.''' ,'''There is no room for selfish behaviour at Bayern.''' ,'''We're FC Bayern, and we'll always send out a competitive team.''' ,'''It is difficult to say how muscle injuries occur.''' ,'''I play with great players.''' ,'''Football is a sport with huge potential.''' ,'''You always intend to do this and that, but then you have to go out and do it on the pitch.''' ,'''For me, the Bundesliga is a stronger competition than the English and Spanish leagues.''' ,'''In the centre, you play more with your back to the opponent's goal and have to move into the gaps.''' ,'''As a player, you never want a penalty shoot-out, because it is a lottery to some extent. You'd rather win in 90 minutes.''' ,'''I'm not a super dribbler.''' ,'''It's quite a feeling to be living your dream, and it seems easy to be like I am.''' ,'''For players, during our active career, it is always difficult to talk about coaches - whether it is former or a current.''' ,'''I think that Guardiola only wants victory and perfection.''' ,'''When a club has €200m left on its transfer budget in the final days of the transfer period, why shouldn't they make a higher bid when their initial €70m bid has been rejected?''' ,'''What's good for you one day will not necessarily still be good for you the day after.''' ,'''Football is a game with tight results in which you don't need to be the dominant team; if you're a bit lucky and make the right decision at the right time, then you can be as successful as well.''' ,'''I have different qualities and no problem with that. Of course, my style of football is not like Messi's or Neymar's.''' ,'''You cannot plan for the Champions League: the competitors are always overwhelming. It is a big new challenge every year.''' ,'''I personally feel that, at Bayern, the sporting aspect, the feeling with the fans in Munich and the appreciation from the fans, is unique here. Those are the most important aspects for me.''' ,'''I know that a lot of German clubs are unhappy with the Premier League clubs' spending, but I think it is something good for all clubs in the end.''' ,'''I play football because it the best thing on earth for me.''' ,'''When I am tired, it is easy to say I need a backup - and if that only happens every three months, it's not ideal and also difficult for Mr. Backup.''' ,'''Whenever Germany lose or play badly, there are 1,000 reasons. And no matter how many questions there are, we will never make everyone happy.''' ,'''As a footballer, you always want to win.''' ,'''When our positioning and ball game and passing is not that good, then my game is struggling as well. I can score from set pieces and so on, but I have to be involved in the combinations, make my runs without the ball, go deep.''' ,'''Germany are a tournament team. I don't know why that is, perhaps the mentality. We always look forward to tournaments. We also believe we can always perform well.''' ,'''Van Gaal was always very intensive with his tactics. You had to work more with your head than your legs.''' ,'''The wages that are being paid in the Premier League are very tempting. It would be hypocrisy to deny that.''' ,'''I'm a mix between a striker and a midfielder.''' ,'''Usually, I'm a very positive guy. I try to think about the next chance, the next game, the next opportunity to play well.''' ,'''I have to work hard and give my all in games and training sessions.''' ,'''If you make mistakes, it can cost you.''' ,'''I don't take the ball in the middle of the pitch and dribble past six guys.''' ,'''Every good, successful player, especially an attacking player, has a well-developed sense of space and time.''' ,]
+++