+++
author = "Jackee Harry"
title = "Jackee Harry Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Jackee Harry Quotes"
keywords = "jackee harry,jackee harry quotes,jackee harry quote,jackee harry sayings,jackee harry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Sitcoms are making a comeback, but you've got to have a little quirkiness in there now.''' ,'''I hate to say it, but the older you get, you really do have to cut down on the amount you eat. Less food and less portions.''' ,'''I love DKNY. I love her sweaters because I can take them and just wear nothing underneath and just wrap them.''' ,'''I like beautiful clothing. I love Bergdorfs.''' ,'''I like a man who's going to tell me 'No!' sometimes.''' ,'''I was always telling my family I wanted to become an actress, and I did.''' ,'''I was married for four years, then success happened.''' ,'''My goal is to give young girls confidence in this world so they can be more like men in the decision-making process.''' ,'''Right now I am trying to be in a place of calm, a place where I can chill out and then handle the chaos of life better. You don't just get it overnight; you have to work at it. It's a daily struggle.''' ,'''I'll use men's shirts, I love men's shirts, but you have to get them altered because they're shaped differently and I like them to be fitting.''' ,'''I don't mind dating younger men now.''' ,'''I like writing my own material - I'm pretty good at it.''' ,'''My mornings go by so fast I forget breakfast. Lunch - that's turned out to be my biggest meal. I like tuna fish with low-fat mayonnaise and celery, egg whites and garlic. It's delish.''' ,'''I miss Broadway, what little there is on Broadway now.''' ,'''I really am a feminist, though I never used to call myself that.''' ,'''Women often come up not knowing how to make decisions. We get wishy-washy. We become great wage earners - breadwinners - but we don't know how to control empires.''' ,'''I have one weakness: I love meat loaf.''' ,'''Water really does great things for my skin.''' ,'''I don't exercise.''' ,'''I try not to do bad, but sometimes it's irresistible.''' ,'''Red, electric blue - the only color I don't wear is green, which I still don't wear. I wear certain color greens, but I have such yellow skin so I always like to wear bold colors.''' ,'''When I got '227' and broke out from the rest of the cast, I became a workaholic, and I was very lonely.''' ,'''If you're being attacked by something on the outside, which I feel a lot being in show business, you just have to dial it back and breathe and know that you are protected.''' ,'''When I see something, I go for it.''' ,]
+++