+++
author = "Chi Chi Rodriguez"
title = "Chi Chi Rodriguez Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Chi Chi Rodriguez Quotes"
keywords = "chi chi rodriguez,chi chi rodriguez quotes,chi chi rodriguez quote,chi chi rodriguez sayings,chi chi rodriguez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I read the greens in Spanish, but putt in English.''' ,'''Everything I ever had, I have shared.''' ,'''I like to do something good every day of my life, and I wanna leave the earth better than I found it.''' ,'''They have a new division where you have to be at least 80 years old. You play three days for a million dollars, one hole a day, and if you can remember what you shot, you win!''' ,'''Anybody that worries about somebody suing them, that means that they're so crooked that they sue people, and they think people are gonna sue them.''' ,'''To inspire children is my goal. Kids need adults to help them. Behind the success of a child is an adult.''' ,'''I love everybody. When someone hurts, I hurt.''' ,'''My father would give his dinner to any hungry kids who walked by and then go in the backyard and pick weeds from the yard to eat.''' ,'''Let your wife win all the battles, and you'll win the war.''' ,'''The caddies are so overlooked out here, and I remember the tough times I had making ends meet when I used to carry the bag.''' ,'''Arnold Palmer and Jack Nicklaus - especially Arnie - he used to beat my brains out when we were young. In the end, I got even. I started beating him up. And that felt really good.''' ,'''Golf is a thinking man's game. You can have all the shots in the bag, but if you don't know what to do with them, you've got troubles.''' ,'''Why do I love kids so much? Because I was never a kid myself. I was too poor to really have a childhood.''' ,'''Music is not supposed to rile you up. Music is something to bring you down.''' ,'''I never had a childhood. I started working when I was 7 years old. I got $1 a day getting water for the workers at the sugar cane plant.''' ,'''When a man retires, his wife gets twice the husband but only half the income.''' ,'''A man never stands taller than when he stoops to help a child.''' ,'''No one has as much luck around the greens as one who practices a lot.''' ,'''If you worry about giving, you will never have enough of anything.''' ,'''The sweetest two words are 'next time.' The sourest word is 'if.'''' ,'''When Lee and Jack win, it is good for golf. When I win, it is better.''' ,'''A lot of guys out here are very serious, and God bless them, that's their personality. It's not a sin to be business-like.''' ,'''Only fools live in the past or carry envy to the present.''' ,'''I'm getting so old, I don't even buy green bananas anymore.''' ,'''I like Frank Sinatra and Nat King Cole and Dean Martin, who was my favorite, you know.''' ,'''Golf is the only sport that a professional can enjoy playing with his friends.''' ,]
+++