+++
author = "Sister Souljah"
title = "Sister Souljah Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Sister Souljah Quotes"
keywords = "sister souljah,sister souljah quotes,sister souljah quote,sister souljah sayings,sister souljah saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''History is history. What is done is done.''' ,'''I never said I was an angel. Nor am I innocent or holy like the Virgin Mary. What I am is natural and serious and as sensitive as an open nerve on an ice cube.''' ,'''I think that the path that I took was normal in the American society where young women and men are not trained as to how to make the transition from being a girl to being a woman, from being a boy to being a man. And so I think that most young people in America live by trial and error, and not by parental instruction, community guidance.''' ,'''I think America loves cooperative black men. I am not against Colin Powell, but I know who he is.''' ,'''I was well known to African Americans before Bill Clinton discovered me. He was like Christopher Columbus riding up on something he didn't understand.''' ,'''I don't want to be limited or ghettoized in any way.''' ,'''Black people don't know what white people are talking about when they talk about a Sister Souljah moment. I tell them it's the moment you meet a proud, beautiful black woman you can never forget.''' ,'''So for everybody who allows themselves to be separated from me because I said 'African' instead of 'Nubian' or 'Black' or 'Kemet' or 'original' or 'Israelite,' don't be so foolish. I say 'African' because the continent of Africa is the land from which we all originate. It is the word that we are most familiar with right now.''' ,'''My definition of good is that you understand that this is a question of power. That you be willing to give up some power. That you be willing to give up some resources.''' ,'''Shakespeare wrote about love. I write about love. Shakespeare wrote about gang warfare, family feuds and revenge. I write about all the same things.''' ,'''The gap between the young people and the rest of society is that... young people don't have hope.''' ,]
+++