+++
author = "Milkha Singh"
title = "Milkha Singh Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Milkha Singh Quotes"
keywords = "milkha singh,milkha singh quotes,milkha singh quote,milkha singh sayings,milkha singh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If anyone has it in him to work hard, he can rise from the earth and touch the sky.''' ,'''I had joined the army as a sepoy in 1951.''' ,'''If today any athlete were to put in as much effort as Milkha Singh did, he can conquer the universe and his record will remain unbroken for at least 100 years.''' ,'''During Partition, my parents, my brother and sisters were killed before my eyes.''' ,'''I hope they make many more sports films in future.''' ,'''I enjoyed watching 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag' very much. Many such sports films should be made so that the upcoming generation draws inspiration from the sportspersons of our country, win medals at the Olympics and Asian Games, and make India proud.''' ,'''As long as you remain true to yourself and continue training with sincerity, nobody can stop you from achieving excellence.''' ,'''I loved Farhan's look in the 'Toofaan' teaser. He has made a wonderful physique for the role of a boxer.''' ,'''I would push myself so much that in the end I would collapse and I would have to be admitted to hospital, I would pray to God to save me, promise that I would be more careful in future. And then I would do it all over again.''' ,'''Politicians or well connected people will try to get hold of federations and they don't think about sportspersons.''' ,'''No one should suffer what I suffered. I still dread those scenes when man killed man. I lost my parents, most of my family, by running away.''' ,'''I am fit at 88 years of age. I do yoga and also go jogging 2-3 times which has kept me fit and healthy even at this ripe age in which many people keep seeing doctors.''' ,'''No one else could do what P.T. Usha has done for this country.''' ,'''If Milkha Singh is known as the Flying Sikh in the whole world today, the credit goes to General Ayub and to Pakistan.''' ,'''I did not know about awards. I just wanted to break the world record and the Olympic record.''' ,'''It was the quest for survival that took me to the world of sports.''' ,'''If I contest elections in a federation, I will not get even four votes. It's all politics and money.''' ,'''I didn't know what off-season meant. I could sprint barefoot, anywhere, anytime and on any surface.''' ,'''My experience made me so hard that I wasn't even scared of death.''' ,'''I have been telling people that doing physical exercise and remaining healthy is very important during this COVID times. I am 91 but I have been doing exercise regularly.''' ,'''When I started running in 1951, running shoes weren't even produced in India.''' ,'''We were from a village that's now in Pakistan's Muzaffargarh district, in Kot Addu tehsil. Our village was 10 km away from the city. The boys had to walk barefoot for 10 km from the village to the school in Kot Addu.''' ,'''I will surely watch 'Toofaan.'''' ,'''A lot is expected from athletes but we need good coaches as well.''' ,'''I tried to join the army two or three times.''' ,'''Today, Jamaica is known because of just one man - Usain Bolt. Not many Indians have managed to reach the finals of track and field events at the Olympics and that says it all.''' ,'''We had nothing in our times. The athletes and sportsmen in those days didn't earn much money. We worked for the applause, people's appreciation inspired and motivated us, we ran for the country.''' ,'''When I won gold medals in both the 200m and 400m events at the 1958 Asian Games, the then chief of army staff, General K.S. Thimayya, announced my promotion as a junior commissioned officer.''' ,'''In my teens, I had no idea about running as a sports event. For me, an orphan, it was not only about learning how to survive the brutal world, but also about carving an identity.''' ,'''I came from the bottom, from nothing. To a man who has nothing in his life, imagine what it's like to be hoisted on someone's shoulders.''' ,'''You must understand that to get an Olympic medal is a huge achievement.''' ,'''I don't hanker after awards.''' ,'''In my time, talking to a girl was like talking to God.''' ,'''Not every school in India has athletics as a compulsory sport. They should make it compulsory.''' ,'''The government does a lot, ranging from providing the infrastructure to financial support for training etc. In our time, we didn't get these facilities. Current athletes are getting all these. Yet, another Milkha Singh has not been produced in the country in nearly 60 years after me.''' ,'''I have been on the deathbed so many times and had to be given oxygen while training. I did not know if I would survive, but the roar of applause would lift me up.''' ,'''It's what I tell everyone - exercise is as important as food.''' ,'''I don't even know when my father admitted me to school. During those days in villages, people did not remember the exact date a child was born. It was usually only the season that they remembered.''' ,'''The people of this country remember me. I may have started dyeing my beard, but I am recognized at airports, railway stations - anywhere. School textbooks have chapters on me, and somehow the sobriquet 'The Flying Sikh' has endured in people's memory.''' ,'''My parents had a small piece of land to earn a living from, but my father always wanted to educate his children.''' ,'''Life is not decided by lines on a palm but by the power of the will, hard work and discipline.''' ,'''I am happy that my son has been responsible for putting India on the world map in golf.''' ,'''Every morning I would rise at the crack of dawn and after the usual ablutions, would get into my sports kit and dash off to the track, where I would run two or three miles cross-country, in the company of my coach.''' ,'''Athletes like me, PT Usha, Anju Bobby Gerorge have reached finals in Olympics, and it's not easy to reach the finals. If Indians were genetically inferior then we wouldn't have reached even finals.''' ,'''There are three legends in sports - Dhyan Chand, myself and Sachin Tendulkar. People will always remember three of us in Indian Sports.''' ,'''Sports authority should hire coaches only on contract basis in athletics and also in other games. The coaches should be told to produce medals in upcoming Olympic Games. Only then will they work day and night and push sportsmen and women to work harder.''' ,'''Everybody knows Milkha deserves more than a Padma Shri, but it is for others, including the federation, to nominate me to the government for higher awards.''' ,'''Cricket has driven down the standard of every other sport.''' ,'''I could have joined politics during Nehru's or Indira Gandhi's time. I don't want to. I stay away from these things.''' ,'''I start my day with two eggs and two slices of toast along with juice and take 1-2 chapatis with dal and curd rice at lunch.''' ,'''Gold slipped from my hand at the Rome Olympics and then from P.T. Usha at the Los Angeles Olympics. But it is my dream to see a boy or girl from India winning gold in the Olympics before my death.''' ,'''Exercise has kept me safe during COVID-19.''' ,'''The new generation I feel does not know about Milka Singh, they don't know about the hard work I did, what struggles I went through, in Pakistan and India, they know just the name.''' ,'''In my determination to avoid failure, I set myself a goal to work towards, that is, to transform myself into a running machine.''' ,'''It's painful to see that after Independence, India hasn't won a single Olympic medal in athletics.''' ,'''I want people to be passionate about their fitness. Everyone must take ten minutes of physical exercise daily at home or outside.''' ,'''Dhyan Chand passed away long back but we should not forget what he has done for the country.''' ,'''Don't sell your country's pride for a few bucks.''' ,'''I am happy with the Padma Shri. What difference does it make to me if I am now given a higher Padma Award?''' ,'''These days kids are not passionate. They lack will power to go all the way. They want to take the easy route.''' ,'''In the Army, I was running for India and I was a soldier who could have died for India.''' ,'''If you want a name, you have to fight death.''' ,'''I have only seen movies of my generation - 'Mother India,' 'Shree 420,' 'Awaara.' Those days, we had actors such as Dilip Kumar, Ashok Kumar.''' ,'''Do yoga and exercises daily even if it is for a few minutes only and results would appear in a few days only.''' ,'''I do not blame the government for not providing infrastructure to athletes. They have given everything for training of athletes.''' ,'''Rome rankles. It will always. I missed a certain medal.''' ,'''No matter what the weather was, I would practice for five hours every morning and evening, seven days a week, three hundred and sixty-five days a year. It was this disciplined routine that moulded me into the athlete I became.''' ,'''Whenever I returned after winning a race, my friends in the Army would lift me on their shoulders and break into Bhangra, irrespective of whether they knew the dance or not.''' ,'''Athletics needs more focus because it is the heart and soul of any Olympics.''' ,'''Milkha Singh is living his last days. An earthen lamp's glow is brightest towards the end, in the same manner I am humbled by the kind of love and respect being showered on me at this age.''' ,'''I want to tell people that they should always try to stay calm and speak good things, have control over food by adopting healthy food habits, eat less food and exercise daily.''' ,'''I have given permission that my medals be transferred from the Jawaharlal Nehru stadium in New Delhi to the sports museum in Patiala.''' ,'''Athletics talent is more prominent in the villages than in the urban areas because the main factor determining the difference is hard work which is an integral part of an athlete's training.''' ,'''I too have daughters, and it saddens me that people think of daughters as a burden.''' ,'''Whether it be a sage or a king, all have been borne by women.''' ,'''If you want to make your children a successful doctor, engineer or a sportsperson then you will have to put in double the hard work than that of your children.''' ,'''When I used to go to Bombay to run, I would often meet Raj Kapoor and he would take me to RK Studio.''' ,'''I am very happy that the doors have opened for sportspersons. But I think the first Bharat Ratna should have been given to Dhyan Chand because of what he has achieved.''' ,'''I did not even know what athletics was; the Army taught me everything.''' ,'''Running had become such an obsession that even when asleep, I would run races in my dreams.''' ,'''I believe there is no dearth of talent in India. But what's missing is the ability to work hard.''' ,'''I have no angst that I have not got the Bharat Ratna, it does not matter to me.''' ,'''I am not against cricket, but it is dominating this country. All other games are finished, because the media shows cricket 24 hours a day, the papers are full of cricketers' photographs.''' ,'''If you look at history of athletics in the country almost all champions have hailed from the villages.''' ,'''I came from a remote village, I didn't know what running was, or the Olympics.''' ,'''Athletics is the mother of all sport and every child must try out it once during his school days.''' ,'''When 'Bhaag Mikha Bhaag' was released, no matter where I went - Australia, England or Canada, people around the world used to say 'Farhan is Milkha Singh's ditto copy.'''' ,'''The fact is that children get spoiled in bad company.''' ,'''There is dirty politics in sports federations.''' ,'''Kids in the city can play cricket, badminton, tennis or football. Athletics is not their cup of tea.''' ,'''I wanted Jeev to become doctor or an engineer, but after seeing his talent and interest in golf, I dropped that idea.''' ,'''A child, when orphaned, can become anything. If I had not joined the Army, who knows, I may have become a dacoit. I give all credit to the Army; they found Milkha Singh.''' ,'''I lost in my first ever 400m race, the event I almost ruled later.''' ,'''We should have coaches who can produce results and even if we need to hire them on contracts, we should do that.''' ,'''I knew what my fatal error was: After running perilously fast in lane five, I slowed down at 250 meters. I could not cover the lost ground after that - and that cost me the race. After the death of my parents, that is my worst memory. I kept crying for days.''' ,'''Yes, I started by running barefoot. My feet used to slip in canvas shoes. So we put them aside and ran barefoot.''' ,'''My stomach hurts at times, my back is always a problem, and my eyesight is not good. But I still jog every day.''' ,'''The first time I ever wore a shoe was in 1955 during the trials for the Melbourne Olympics.''' ,'''I didn't watch a film after the 1960s. I have no idea who all were the good heroes, directors or producers in the '80s. The only film I watched after all those years was my own film.''' ,'''You have to be disciplined if you want to be world class.''' ,]
+++