+++
author = "Isabel Lucas"
title = "Isabel Lucas Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Isabel Lucas Quotes"
keywords = "isabel lucas,isabel lucas quotes,isabel lucas quote,isabel lucas sayings,isabel lucas saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm really drawn to European films.''' ,'''I collect crystals and gemstones, and I've been collecting them since I was a little girl. They give me positive energy and strength. They make me feel connected to the earth. I cherish them.''' ,'''I love Athena. I love all the goddesses and the archetypes and what they represent because I think they're always going to be relevant not just to women but to humanity. They're living energy. There's a lot we can still learn from them.''' ,'''My dad is a pilot so I think I was born with the travel bug.''' ,'''I like to keep mobile. It keeps my mind awake.''' ,'''I grew up partially in Switzerland but mostly in Australia. I lived in Kakadu for a short time - it's an Aboriginal community. My best friend growing up was Aboriginal. She taught me so much.''' ,'''My best friend was Aboriginal. She taught me about 'bush tucker' - the food of the land, the different things you could eat if you got lost in the bush, like grasses and berries. There's this tree called the billygoat plum - the fruit is quite nice.''' ,'''I can't pick a favorite animal; I love so many! But I guess if I have to choose, I pick bees! There's this brilliant documentary called 'Queen of the Sun: What Are the Bees Telling Us?' I think it's important for people to be educated about bees - they pollinate almost all the food we eat. They are amazing!''' ,'''I've always been quiet, more of an observer.''' ,'''Acting kind of chose me.''' ,'''I eat lots of veggies and pasta and nuts, tofu and soups. Works well for my body, and I also feel more in tune.''' ,'''I've spent months living in Africa and India. So it's not like I was sheltered when I started living in America. But my family laughed when they heard I was going to be in 'Transformers.' I learned a lot and got to experience Michael Bay's mayhem. It was a very colorful experience.''' ,'''I don't think it's unusual to spend time with your castmate.''' ,'''There's no point in dwelling on rejection.''' ,'''Mom spoke to us in Swiss when we were little.''' ,'''I lived for a couple of years when I was 9 years old on beautiful Aboriginal sacred land in a town of a thousand people in northwestern Australia. It's where the Aborigines are still very connected to their culture, the Dreamtime culture. It was really quite a special experience.''' ,'''When I was 7, I went to school in Switzerland because everyone on my mom's side of the family lives there. Then we were back in Australia, in Queensland. That's where we had the chance to have lots of different animals. I spent a lot of time living in nature and building cubby houses in big old trees by the ocean.''' ,'''People instantly assume you can't have a platonic friendship with someone of the opposite sex. I think this may be specific to L.A. - or America.''' ,'''I grew up being very interested in Greek mythology because my mum read to my sister and I.''' ,'''My first audition was the worst I have ever done, ever.''' ,'''I was a barefoot earth child for a couple of years.''' ,'''I have a lot of vintage, so my style is pretty eclectic of different time periods and styles. I would describe it as comfortable, creative, and vintage.''' ,'''Mom worked with autistic children.''' ,'''I find it tricky to make plans.''' ,'''I don't really get nervous for auditions, because I just see them as mini acting classes. There's no need to have an attachment to the outcome because it's out of your hands after that.''' ,'''I just said yes to opportunities that came my way.''' ,'''I go by intuition. Work-wise, that means asking myself if a role will push me outside my comfort zone, challenge me to learn something new.''' ,]
+++