+++
author = "Jody Watley"
title = "Jody Watley Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Jody Watley Quotes"
keywords = "jody watley,jody watley quotes,jody watley quote,jody watley sayings,jody watley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I've learned anything in this business, it's that you have to be fearless.''' ,'''In some cases I feel like they haven't appreciated enough that growing up doesn't mean boring and old and not full of life. I like to talk about that also.''' ,'''Passion has always been important to me. That won't change. What changes in a woman's perspective. I mean, I have two kids now. I'm a single parent balancing motherhood and my career. That changes the equation.''' ,'''The music business is very hard on women over 22. You really have to prove yourself every time you make a record. Are you as vibrant as you used to be? Are you as sexy? So I really want to prove that a woman in her 30s can be all those things and more.''' ,'''Right now I'm single. Single, and loving it.''' ,'''I used all that doubt as fuel for my own music, fuel for my drive to succeed.''' ,'''I always make this joke that I know you were expecting to see the big skirts and the hoops. But that was a long time ago. Artists aren't always seen as real people. If you start out as a teenager, sometimes people want to keep you locked as that. But I'm a woman now.''' ,'''Flower was a good metaphor for growth. The song is obviously about sexual responsibility, so that was the main metaphor. Also, it's like knowing who someone has been and remembering and appreciating that, but really appreciating what they are now even more.''' ,'''Eventually you can get into the nuts and bolts of reality: nurturing, caring, and getting along.''' ,'''There's one more thing I want to say. It's a touchy subject. Black beauty. Black sensuality. We live in a culture where the beauty of black people isn't always as celebrated as other types. I'd like to help change that if I can!''' ,'''Maybe with your emotions and your feelings, someone else can say it in a different way than you would, which brings new life to the way you might sing it.''' ,'''I wanted to do Playboy to get across the same ideas I'm singing and writing about these days. It's all about proving that a woman can defy stereotypes.''' ,'''When you're a girl, passion can dominate the equation, but as you grow up relationships evolve. Mad passion can grab you at first, but it can't last forever.''' ,'''I'll put candles all over the room, then light then, and get to it. I call it my 'vibe in a bag.'''' ,'''The time was ripe for Flower. The vibe was right.''' ,]
+++