+++
author = "Jesse Schell"
title = "Jesse Schell Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Jesse Schell Quotes"
keywords = "jesse schell,jesse schell quotes,jesse schell quote,jesse schell sayings,jesse schell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Our affluence has allowed us to move to a place where we tend to make things pleasurable, as opposed to efficient.''' ,'''Facebook is terrifying to the traditional games biz.''' ,'''Games are starting to creep into every aspect of our day.''' ,'''The thing that all sports have in common is that they have no fantasy elements, which is a little weird.''' ,'''You don't want the office to be a completely relaxing place. You want it to be a vibrant place.''' ,'''I often think of it this way: The 21st century is going to be a war on the attention of humanity. Where civilization focuses its attention, I mean, that's what defines what the civilization cares about.''' ,'''LinkedIn's got a little progress bar. It wants you to do things like sign up 10 of your friends. It does that near the end. At the beginning it's like, 'You put in your name. 20 percent progress! How about some other information?' People want to fill in that progress bar. They like to complete a task. They like to check a box.''' ,'''Is it OK for Amazon to know every word of every book you've read? Are you comfortable with that? Maybe you are. Is it OK to let everybody know you eat Corn Flakes? OK, but then there are certain products you might not want people to know that you're using.''' ,'''One of the main things that's appealing about games is that you know a game can be won. It's an unusual game that's impossible to win.''' ,'''People don't just stop playing Facebook games. They divorce them.''' ,'''Why is it that big companies fail when the technology changes? It happens in every industry, so what's the pattern? What are they all doing wrong?''' ,'''New video gaming systems are coming out that track every joint of your body. It's basically going to become a normal thing for us to allow Microsoft to put a three-dimensional camera on top of your television set looking at you, which sounds like a Big Brother scenario if ever I heard one, but, still, it's what we're going to allow.''' ,'''More and more women are going online.''' ,'''Everybody is playing games. There are games now for pretty much every age, every demographic.''' ,'''A good game gives us meaningful accomplishment - clear achievement that we don't necessarily get from real life. In a game, you've beaten level four, the boss monster is dead, you have a badge, and now you have a super laser sword. Real life isn't like that, right?''' ,'''We are shifting into an enjoyment-based economy. And who knows more about making enjoyment than game developers?''' ,'''Games have no other purpose than to please.''' ,'''Usually, the best ideas come from having to fix a really hard problem.''' ,'''We all know the place you're in has a big impact on how you feel. How you feel has an impact on the quality of work. Why wouldn't we put a lot of effort into making the place we work as efficient and productive and pleasant as possible?''' ,'''To be connected to the real world is healthy and important.''' ,'''I jokingly call this convergence of games into reality the 'Gamepocalypse:' the moment when every moment of life is actually a game.''' ,'''Microsoft isn't stupid.''' ,'''The main way to reduce stress in the workplace is by picking the right people.''' ,]
+++