+++
author = "Ana De La Reguera"
title = "Ana De La Reguera Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Ana De La Reguera Quotes"
keywords = "ana de la reguera,ana de la reguera quotes,ana de la reguera quote,ana de la reguera sayings,ana de la reguera saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would not change anything I've done or what I've lived, and with whom I have lived it.''' ,'''It's easier for me to act in Spanish, but as soon as I get the lines in English and I know them by heart, it becomes really easy. You don't have to worry about the language anymore. It just takes more time. In Spanish, I can learn lines in 10 minutes. In English, it's going to take an hour.''' ,'''I grew up next to the ocean, on the coast, and would dance the salsa all day, so I just learned those rhythms and knew how to move my body when I was very little.''' ,'''I try to walk at least three times a week for 40 minutes or an hour. I do it at the gym on the treadmill, or I go hiking outside.''' ,'''I'm weird. I'm not too focused on the physicality of a man. They just have to become my best friend, and then I start to get attracted to them. I've never been in a bar and just hit on a guy and started kissing him; I've never done that in my life.''' ,'''I feel like I prefer movies, but, at the same time, theater is so exciting when you're doing it. It's a harder job doing theater.''' ,'''I love playing tennis. To me this is not a workout, but a fun extracurricular activity I do with friends so it doesn't feel like I'm working out.''' ,]
+++