+++
author = "Kirk Kerkorian"
title = "Kirk Kerkorian Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Kirk Kerkorian Quotes"
keywords = "kirk kerkorian,kirk kerkorian quotes,kirk kerkorian quote,kirk kerkorian sayings,kirk kerkorian saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You have to ask a lot of questions and listen to people, but eventually, you have to go by your own instincts.''' ,'''I exercise a lot. I try to stay healthy.''' ,'''I have some eye problems from when I was a pilot.''' ,'''I do stay busy. I like new challenges.''' ,'''I'm a gambler at heart. That's my life.''' ,'''I used to think that if I made $50,000 I'd be the happiest guy in the world.''' ,'''Life is a big craps game. I've got to tell you, it's all been fun.''' ,'''I'm a very passive investor.''' ,'''I'm far from being reclusive. I have 30- or 40-year friendships that I prefer to meeting new people. I go to an occasional party, but just because I don't go to a lot of events, and I'm not out in public all the time doesn't mean I'm anti-social or a recluse.''' ,'''I don't try to get all the meat off the bone. When I get a good figure, I just move something. Too many people try to hit the peak price, and they hold on until it is too late.''' ,'''When you're a self-made man, you start very early in life. In my case it was at 9 years old when I started bringing income into the family. You get a drive that's a little different, maybe a little stronger, than somebody who inherited.''' ,'''I've always been a quiet guy.''' ,'''I wish I could talk like Donald Trump or Steve Wynn. Hell, I'd love it.''' ,]
+++