+++
author = "Jan Brett"
title = "Jan Brett Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Jan Brett Quotes"
keywords = "jan brett,jan brett quotes,jan brett quote,jan brett sayings,jan brett saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was little, I would close my eyes and put my finger on a page. Then in my mind, I would go to that place.''' ,'''My optimism has helped me through some hard times. If you try to send out good things, good things come back to you.''' ,'''My grandmother would give me a beautiful book each year. I especially loved the Beatrix Potter books. They were very detailed. And I promised myself that was what I'd do. I also loved the big words she used. I was excited because I knew what they meant from the context. I put a few big words in for just that reason.''' ,'''I have a hard time writing, and I usually have to put a timer at my desk and put it on for an hour. But I love to illustrate, and I can hardly stop myself.''' ,'''One of my favorite books is 'Armadillo Rodeo', and I got the idea from traveling to Texas and seeing armadillos.''' ,'''Sometimes I get ideas from childhood. In 'The Hat', Hedgie starts getting teased about his hat, and he just pretends that everything is okay. That's the advice that my mother gave me - not to get mad and pretend that everything is okay. And it worked.''' ,'''Children have such vibrant minds. They need to play. They need to be creative. They need to imagine. It's so important for their sense of self discovery. And it helps them learn problem-solving.''' ,'''Imagination - that's the future for us.''' ,]
+++