+++
author = "Emily Meade"
title = "Emily Meade Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Emily Meade Quotes"
keywords = "emily meade,emily meade quotes,emily meade quote,emily meade sayings,emily meade saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In general - especially in my youth - I was a bit wild.''' ,'''You grow up loving movies, and your first instinct is you want to be an actor, because those are the people you see in the movies. But when you actually become an actor, you're like, 'Oh, wait, this is actually only a small portion of the storytelling. If I want to really tell a story, I'd want to be a director.'''' ,'''Even the most tragic moments can have moments of comedy.''' ,'''Was I a fan of P!nk before 'Thanks for Sharing?' Yeah, I was.''' ,'''I think I'm slightly older than the generation that was really bred on social media - I had Facebook in high school, but I was growing up in a time where these things were relatively new, and every generation below me is growing up having every single thing they do seen. And that is kind of frightening.''' ,'''I don't want fame as far as the tweeting or the image of it. But, the idea of being famous is actually exciting to me, just because then you can have a choice in what you do. I would like to be at a point where I'm not asking for parts anymore, and I'm actually just choosing between a part that I want to do.''' ,'''I was traumatized by the cartoon version of 'The Hobbit.' It's not supposed to be scary, I don't think, but literally I think that's the most scared I've ever been.''' ,'''I always have a very complex personal life as far as romance goes. Sometimes I have a little too much time to get into too much trouble... and drama. It's either I'm working, or I have nothing to do but focus on my personal life. It's a little hectic.''' ,'''I was going to be a comedian but then also winning Oscars and directing movies and creating my own charities and saving the world. The more I've let go of that... I see more access to possibly being able to have something like that.''' ,'''My first love was Heath Ledger.''' ,'''I like to consider myself a detective, which is how I justify my obsession with my phone. By nature, since I was a kid, I've always wanted to be a detective, and any portal to information and investigating things I have ever been given access to, I have dived into. With my phone, unfortunately, I have immediate access to everything.''' ,'''I have been considerably picky for somebody who's not a movie star, and sometimes I get frustrated.''' ,'''I have... a dark look in my eyes, I guess.''' ,'''I get a little nauseous and disoriented watching 3D, but as a kid I loved it and I was really into it, so if a movie can be in 3D, then why not?''' ,'''I'm still stuck in the '90s in a lot of ways.''' ,'''I definitely went through some dark teenage years. I wore black raccoon eyeliner every single day. I would be late to school if I didn't have time to put my eyeliner on.''' ,'''People are apprehensive about finding 'The Leftovers' funny because it's such a dark circumstance, but I think, really, what the show is about is examining how different people deal with loss. There are elements of humour and levity and irony in that... just like in real life.''' ,'''Sometimes I get really down on myself for not having the exact career I want, but it's ok as long as you know what you want and you're going towards that. Accept it's going to be a different path than you thought in the first place.''' ,'''I want to do every kind of movie and role you could imagine.''' ,'''I didn't get Facebook until I was maybe a junior or senior in high school.''' ,'''Growing up, I always looked up to males or comedians such as Dustin Hoffman and Robert De Niro. I also love Lucille Ball, from the show 'I Love Lucy.'''' ,'''I've been crazy lucky that I've never had a day job. I get really close to having no money, then I always wind up getting some kind of great job.''' ,'''I am very harsh on myself. I can point out a list. My nose is very strange. I have a very round face. I sound so ungrateful. Obviously I'm being hard on myself. Whether it's body dysmorphia, or whatever it is, I can always find something wrong.''' ,'''I really hate misunderstandings - to a degree that it's hard for me to watch sitcoms, or any kind of funny movie where there's, like, this big mishap, or miscommunication. It gives me such anxiety that I almost can't make it through the movie.''' ,'''I've never felt fully able to sustain myself because I've run out of money many, many times, and it's been scary.''' ,'''Basically I wanted to be a male comedian; those were my idols.''' ,'''Most of my good friends are my friends from high school or childhood, and they're not actors - they have 9-to-5 jobs. But I've obviously, over time, developed friendships with actors. It's two completely different worlds.''' ,'''I don't like feeling like it's not up to me when I'm working and when I'm not. Not feeling complete freedom... that's frustrating.''' ,'''The funniest thing is I never understood why actors were so shady about who they're dating. Then I realized the things you say get printed and the people you're involved with read them. That's what's tricky. Nothing goes unnoticed. I don't want to get myself in trouble!''' ,'''I think teenagers at any time are testing to see how far they can go and where authority comes in.''' ,'''I can be very stubborn, cold, strict, rigid, and - I'd like to think - driven.''' ,''''Twelve' was a total indie drama character piece. It wasn't that it was more about the performance, but it was just a very different thing where, with horror, there's this whole added element of the visual and the technical and the choreography.''' ,'''I usually get cast in more dark, dramatic things, and I would love to do something more comedic.''' ,'''It always feels good to be a part of something you think could actually impact human beings.''' ,'''I was like little-miss wannabe punk-rocker; I would go home and secretly listen to Pink, and dance around, like, 'Ugh, she understands me so well!'''' ,'''I'm a workaholic and very focused on my goals.''' ,]
+++