+++
author = "Danielle Schneider"
title = "Danielle Schneider Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Danielle Schneider Quotes"
keywords = "danielle schneider,danielle schneider quotes,danielle schneider quote,danielle schneider sayings,danielle schneider saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I feel you're funny, I want to work with you.''' ,'''That's how I hope to die: on my deathbed, watching 'Real Housewives of the Moon.'''' ,'''You know how only you can insult your own family? That's how I feel about Florida.''' ,'''I'm an information junkie, and I don't mean that in snobby way. I'm not talking about world information. I just like to know what's going on, especially pop-culturally. It interests me.''' ,'''I enjoy a Prosecco. It's bubbly; it's fun. I think it goes with a lot of food.''' ,'''I miss Lisa 'Left Eye' every day. Watched her VH1 special many times. A tragedy. But I didn't see the movie based on her.''' ,'''I wanted to go to NYU because I thought that was my best path to glory. I figured it was safer to move into the acting world in New York while I was living in a dorm.''' ,'''On all the 'Housewives' shows, there's always some wannabe wife who's always sticking her head in.''' ,'''I don't think we'll see a 'Real Housewives of Koreatown' anytime soon, but here's hoping.''' ,'''I'm on Twitter, I'm on HuffPo, just any website - you go down a rabbit hole. You start out on HuffPo, then you get a link to this, you get a link to that. Or an article, or a blog. One thing leads to another.''' ,'''I recently saw HBO's 'Getting On,' and I was like, 'That's awesome.' I love that tone. It's a great show.''' ,'''Journalists said they had never seen so many funny women as leads when we did 'Hotwives' - we had a cast of seven very funny women. That doesn't happen.''' ,'''I remember being on a plane a few years ago. And me and this woman sat coldly next to each other for a cross-country trip, fighting over the arm rest the whole time. But then, about an hour before we landed, we noticed that we both had on 'Housewives,' and suddenly, we were best friends.''' ,'''You only ever see four women leads on TV today in the 'Housewives' shows.''' ,]
+++