+++
author = "Henry Ian Cusick"
title = "Henry Ian Cusick Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Henry Ian Cusick Quotes"
keywords = "henry ian cusick,henry ian cusick quotes,henry ian cusick quote,henry ian cusick sayings,henry ian cusick saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love working in TV. TV is fast. You shoot it, and it's done quickly.''' ,'''I did work a lot in Scots theatre, but I was never really successful in Scottish film or TV until I went down to London - and I had to go to the U.S. to get my big break.''' ,'''I love my life.''' ,'''I do have to go to the gym, which I don't enjoy that much.''' ,'''I think any parent, at some time or other, has thoughts of their child dying. That's probably one of the worst things that could ever happen to a parent.''' ,'''I'd imagine if there were more Scottish people making Scottish movies about Scotland, it would not only be educational, but it would instill a sense of pride.''' ,'''I like romantic comedies, as it is a fun and light thing to get involved with.''' ,'''I mean, I do wear a wedding ring and take it off when I shoot.''' ,'''My theatre background is probably more extensive then my film, and I have done a fair bit of television.''' ,'''In film, I think that you do have a little more time to invest in the character compared to television, where you are shooting from the hip and making quick choices. It is the speed of things that is the major difference - certainly in my experience.''' ,'''Being in Hawaii, it's almost impossible not to be fit, I think.''' ,'''When I was filming 'Lost,' we'd be in the jungle. The only thing we had to contend with was the sound of the ocean. That was it, really.''' ,'''The viewing figures for 'Lost' were huge. I don't think the viewing figures for 'The 100' are up there with 'Lost'; hopefully, they will be.''' ,'''For all the creationists out there, Darwin's just an atheist. But he was actually agnostic.''' ,'''I started watching 'Star Trek' as a kid.''' ,'''That's the thing with 'Lost': you can put a spin on so many things.''' ,'''Coming off a show like 'Lost,' there were other offers, but it was difficult to get excited about anything because 'Lost' was such a great piece of writing and such a hit show.''' ,''''Scandal' is a huge hit. I'm happy for them, but it was never a really good fit for me.''' ,'''I swim. I do a little bit of surfing. I would say I'm a beginner at surfing. I run. I cycle. I play a little bit of soccer.''' ,'''I feel like I'm part of television history.''' ,'''I would like to have a 'Lost' clapper board with the numbers and the clock at the top.''' ,'''When I'm acting, I've always got to make it make sense to me why I do anything. Whether it's right or wrong, I've just got to believe this is the reason why I am doing this and just go with it.''' ,''''Lost' fans were fantastic fans. I've said this before, but they were rabid, and they questioned everything - they were merciless, but I loved them for that.''' ,'''In an ideal world, I'd love to work on something that is on par with 'Lost' or better than 'Lost.'''' ,'''I was a theater actor back in the U.K., and you knew the whole play, so you could plot your storyline and character. And then I did 'Lost' and didn't know, and it was kind of frustrating, but I enjoyed it.''' ,'''Hawaii is a beautiful place to bring up a family.''' ,'''I feel like there's a lot of great writing on television.''' ,''''Lost' was filmed in Hawaii, so we stayed there and loved it, so we thought, 'Why would we leave?' It is a bit like growing up in a bubble, but I don't think that's a bad thing, as you will eventually get out and see the real world.''' ,'''I wake up every day with a smile on my face.''' ,'''I was born in Peru, and we moved to Scotland when I was 15, but I've not lived here for a long time. But I would always say that I am Scottish, and Scotland is as close to a home as I have.''' ,'''I like thinking about what could be out there, and I love the questions that sci-fi poses.''' ,'''With television, I worked on 'Lost,' where you'd just put your faith in the writers and go with what they're writing.''' ,'''I love Terry O'Quinn. He's a wonderful guy, wonderful actor.''' ,''''Not Another Happy Ending' is a romantic comedy starring Karen Gillan and Stanley Weber. It is about these two characters and their relationships.''' ,'''I love the sci-fi world and the way it makes me start to question things.''' ,]
+++