+++
author = "Kevin Henkes"
title = "Kevin Henkes Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Kevin Henkes Quotes"
keywords = "kevin henkes,kevin henkes quotes,kevin henkes quote,kevin henkes sayings,kevin henkes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I work on a novel, I usually have one character and a setting in mind.''' ,'''When I was young, I assumed that authors must have traveled the world or done exotic things in order to tell great stories.''' ,'''I think writers are observers and watchers. We always have our ears open and eyes open, so I might see something in everyday life that inspires me. And I think that's probably more than anything else. Everyday life is where I get my inspiration.''' ,'''Whenever I'm writing a book, small details from my life always creep in.''' ,'''I like small, domestic stories.''' ,'''I usually know where I want to end up when I begin, but I have no idea how I'm going to get there... I don't write with an outline, and surprises happen on the way, and sometimes it changes.''' ,'''When I'm drawing, I only do that at home, really, at my drawing table. But writing I could do in other places. So I've written in airports, in hotels, different places.''' ,'''When I'm writing the text for a book like 'Little White Rabbit,' I read it aloud, alone, in my studio, again and again and again - because the rhythm has to be exactly right. After I get my manuscript to the point where I think it is perfect, I begin to think about what I want the art to look like.''' ,'''When I'm writing, I'm creating the story and its character with words. I'm thinking about what the pictures will be like, but I never begin to sketch. The pictures are all in my head.''' ,'''I like examining the ordinary, and by doing so, one hopefully reveals the extraordinary nature within.''' ,'''You don't need to have kids to write a good book for kids. I don't want my kids to see themselves in my books. Their lives should be their lives.''' ,'''Books come from within.''' ,'''Everyone has something interesting to say.''' ,'''I usually do my writing in a very nice room, my studio, which is in the attic of our house in Wisconsin. But the nice thing about writing is that I can do it in many places. So sometimes I'll write in coffee shops.''' ,'''I always craft my words to the point where I think and hope they're perfect before I ever begin sketching.''' ,'''When I was a boy, one of my uncles had a cabin on a lake in Wisconsin. My family went there for parts of three summers, and I loved it!''' ,]
+++