+++
author = "Ty Dolla Sign"
title = "Ty Dolla Sign Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Ty Dolla Sign Quotes"
keywords = "ty dolla sign,ty dolla sign quotes,ty dolla sign quote,ty dolla sign sayings,ty dolla sign saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's hella crazy being included in the music for the 'Ninja Turtles' movie.''' ,'''Piano feels soft. Violins and all different string instruments feel soft. Guitar, even electric guitar before you start adding distortion, that you can play soft.''' ,'''When 'Paranoid' came out, how many other 'Paranoids' came out? No shots, just real.''' ,'''I'm happy and thankful that people are messing with the Dolla $ign.''' ,'''We'll get way further if we educate people and not lock them up.''' ,'''My dad put me with all the greatest people. It definitely helped me now, because I know so much more about music and composition. It's cool. I love Pops. I'm super thankful for everything he's done to help my career.''' ,'''Every person needs to go home and have that person to wake up to - eventually, when the party's over.''' ,'''OT Genasis is my L.A. homie; I've seen him grind, and he is still making hits.''' ,'''I don't despise anyone. It's definitely all about the love.''' ,'''When I put out 'Toot It and Boot It,' did anything sound like that?''' ,'''To me, it's 2016 about to be 2017. I can't believe there's still a racism factor.''' ,'''When we dropped 'Toot It And Boot It,' Mustard didn't even do beats, and now he's killin' it. So it's just cool to see all of my bros taking over.''' ,'''God is good.''' ,'''I'm gonna bring Bad Brains vibes 'cos that's what I do.''' ,'''It's simple: put the money into schools and not prisons.''' ,'''I'm tryna figure out when I'm gonna do my version of the Moonwalk... It's coming, you know? That Dolla $ign moonwalk is comin'.''' ,'''Out of every other rap guy, Wiz is the most humble, down-to-earth guy, like me.''' ,'''I feel like everybody's inspired off of everybody.''' ,'''I want to be one of those ones: a legend.''' ,'''How many fake Drakes are there? How many fake Migos are there?''' ,'''As a kid, my pops did music, too. He was in a group called Lakeside back in the day.''' ,'''I feel like on 'Free TC,' you know, I feel like I went hard, and not enough people recognized.''' ,'''That's where I got lucky; nobody else is doing what I do or really can do what I do.''' ,'''I love seeing love. I had this one girl that I was really tryna go hard with, but it wasn't it.''' ,'''Now I know we have the power to incite change through the Internet - keep sharing our stories, our dreams, and our struggles.''' ,'''The softest thing I've ever heard are the wind chimes in my backyard. They are soft and cool and mellow.''' ,'''Jagged Edge is one of my favorite R&B groups.''' ,'''Really, I've been working forever, just doing music, and then all of a sudden, out of the blue, everybody is just on it.''' ,'''Ever since Apple Music, Spotify, and all of those things came around, we can choose whatever we want to listen to. Before then, it was all controlled, but now, everybody listens to everything.''' ,'''Rioting definitely brings attention to the situation at hand.''' ,'''I think I'm gonna do more songs on my own.''' ,'''Fifth grade was when I first heard 'Smells Like Teen Spirit;' it was the energy, and his voice. I liked 311 and Sublime, too, though that might have been a little after that.''' ,'''I want to buy up a gang of properties in my neighborhood and give people the chance to live in new buildings. We should make our areas nice.''' ,'''I write other people songs. Recirculate it. It's the music business.''' ,'''I love Jailynn so much. She's the best daughter. I bet every dad says that.''' ,'''I've got all of the old school vinyls from the '70s - even further back, like the jazz music in the '40s, '50s, '60s. Then I've got all the '80s stuff underground, hip-hop when hip-hop really first started. The '90s stuff. All of the good stuff, because I'm really into music, and it helps me create new songs now.''' ,'''I'm using my platform to help out a little bit, you know. It's only right.''' ,'''I mess with white girls, Asian girls, Spanish girls, black girls, everything.''' ,'''Everybody just wants to steal each other's energy.''' ,'''I've been building slow, step by step.''' ,'''For those of you that don't know, the reason I named my album 'Free TC' is because my lil' brother is named TC. He's locked up for something that he didn't do, and what I'm trying to do is just raise awareness around the whole mass incarceration thing going on in our country, especially with our people.''' ,'''Tell all the ladies to follow me on Snapchat. I don't want to see no guys snapping me.''' ,'''I did a song with Rihanna recently, and I was like, 'How did you find out about me or whatever?' And she said, 'Drake.'''' ,'''I'm promoting partying and having fun and being that type of American. I don't wanna hurt nobody's feelings.''' ,'''Fifteen is around the time when my parents broke up, and all I was listening to was 2Pac.''' ,'''I'm definitely the super-cool dad.''' ,'''I'm never satisfied. I want to get to the next level.''' ,'''One day, I'm gonna make a song with Kaskade.''' ,'''There was a lot of Pac haters, but I definitely love Pac. I wish I got to do a song with him.''' ,'''I'm not gonna front and act like your boyfriend. I'm out here, you know what I'm saying?''' ,'''I used to go to the Church of the Harvest, right off Adams and La Brea. There was a pastor there who had the best big choir and the best band. He would start praying, and the music would start playing and just make people feel so good, you could break out of whatever you were going through. Soft music can have that effect, too.''' ,'''Every time I hear 'Miracle,' I feel a certain type of way.''' ,'''Yeah, it's Pushaz Ink for life. Me, YG, and Mustard started a movement, and we brought back the West.''' ,'''People have died in jail that have been innocent.''' ,'''I'm just thankful to be blessed with my talent.''' ,'''J Dilla is the top producer of all time, in my book, alongside Timbaland and Pharrell. Then DJ Mustard.''' ,'''One day, I'm gonna make a song with John Mayer.''' ,'''I do a little bit of everything.''' ,'''The whole reason behind my album 'Free TC' is seeing all that police brutality, injustice, mass incarceration.''' ,'''If something's dope, you got to go with it.''' ,'''J Cole went platinum with no features, and I wanna go platinum!''' ,''''Shell Shocked' is so different from what people are used to hearing from Ty Dolla Sign.''' ,'''Quavo's energy in the studio in unreal.''' ,'''It's certain rappers that can really rap, that really spit all bars, so I understand why someone would say, 'You not a real rapper.' But the main thing is, if you can make good songs, who cares? So I don't know why guys be tripping on Drake. He makes great music. He's dope.''' ,'''I like Future, Young Thug, Mike WiLL, DJ Spinz, Metro Boomin, Drake, Kendrick.''' ,'''YG and I started a long time ago back in '08, and I am proud of where we are now.''' ,'''Everything has a cycle and a season.''' ,'''With L.A. it's like, yeah, there's Death Row and whatever. But I always wanted to know what those artists were sampling. It's how I fell in love with music.''' ,'''I've been everywhere man. I'm from L.A., though.''' ,'''I got all the women and everything I want, but my brother is locked up. I can't leave him behind.''' ,'''As a producer, when I'm trying to make something soft, I start with a slow tempo. Then after that, it would be straight to acoustic guitar and vocals, or I'm going to go strings and just piano.''' ,'''I grew up around a lot of church musicians.''' ,'''I care about people, and I've learned in life that the only thing we are here for is to learn and teach.''' ,'''God blessed us with all this money, so why not take the money and put it into my brother's case? Talk about social and racial injustice in our country, and mass incarceration in our country?''' ,'''I like Jaco Pastorius' 'Portrait of Tracy.' He was this bass player who played jazz fusion. He was the dopest bass player who ever lived.''' ,'''I never gave up, but a lot of the homies did, and I don't feel sorry for them.''' ,'''Bad Brains is one of my all-time favorite punk bands.''' ,'''Why do we have to have another riot?''' ,'''I make bangers all the time, and I knew it was going to come. My mom probably used to think it wasn't going to happen. My daughter's mom thought it wasn't going to happen, and a couple of girlfriends. You just gotta keep on doing it. I'm living proof.''' ,'''The mass incarceration going on in this country and with my people is crazy.''' ,'''The Internet is the vehicle we're driving to share our visuals, outrage, and ideas around the world.''' ,'''I'm from L.A. South Central area.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Fetty Wap.''' ,'''The only thing I could be better at is to be around more. Other than that, I'm a great dad. I come to the soccer games and teach her stuff, go over her homework with her every night; we stay on the phone. I try to be as good as a dad as I can be.''' ,'''When it comes to making a song, whatever the beat tells me to do, I do.''' ,'''Even though the Clintons started mass incarceration, which my brother is a victim of, things are going to change, though. Somebody made them do that.''' ,'''I used Atlantic like I was supposed to.''' ,'''One of my uncles played in The Isleys. I went to all their shows.''' ,'''I used to always want a boy, and when I had a girl, I thought I wasn't going to like it, but I love having a girl.''' ,'''My production got better, songs, lyrics, everything; the sound, the quality, everything.''' ,'''Working with Babyface was legendary.''' ,'''I kick it with a whole bunch of people, whereas some people only want you to kick it with one race, you know.''' ,'''My song 'Saved:' that's EDM-vibes with some L.A. vibes.''' ,'''My brother is really talented.''' ,'''At first, I ain't gon' lie, I used to be a little nervous about what people were gon' think about my music, but once I let that go, then everything started happening.''' ,'''I remember watching the first Million Man March as a kid, and I always knew that if I got a chance to go to one, I would go.''' ,'''Everything happens at the perfect time, man. You may not realize it. But now I do.''' ,'''I am Mr. 'Toot it and Boot It.'''' ,'''I had a kid, so I had to step it up and get that cake.''' ,]
+++