+++
author = "Louise Linton"
title = "Louise Linton Quotes"
quotes_len = "58"
description = "the best 58 Louise Linton Quotes"
keywords = "louise linton,louise linton quotes,louise linton quote,louise linton sayings,louise linton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's the life of an actor to always be questioning, always be wondering. There is no occupation in the world less dependable.''' ,'''Whether I'm in a ball gown or a pair of jeans, it's not about me or what I'm wearing; it's about what I can be doing to support and empower others going forward.''' ,'''Americans girls always ask me where I get my clothes, and I say, 'Ha, you can't get this over here.'''' ,'''It sucks, being perceived as a person that you're not; it sucks being hated.''' ,'''I love my husband, and I wanted to support him, but the transition to Washington has been my hardest experience. I felt very lonely and isolated.''' ,'''I look at amazing fashion icons like Jackie O, and I'm like, Why can't I wear gloves?''' ,'''I think after being kicked and slapped on social media a billion times, I had this one time. This lady said I was a deplorable human being, and that hurt.''' ,'''What is frustrating is to have others question my motivation, my ethics, and my history.''' ,'''I'd love to work with Gerry Butler, Alan Cummings, and Ewan McGregor. It'd be amazing if we could do a Scottish Hollywood movie.''' ,'''Mistakes happen, and we must choose what to do with them. We can ignore them, or we can learn and evolve into someone better and wiser.''' ,'''I'm a filmmaker. I'm not a politician.''' ,'''I respect that my husband makes decisions he feels are sensible and intelligent... It's not my place to give him political advice.''' ,'''I've been very transparent with reporters, but they only want to print mean stuff.''' ,'''When I went to D.C., I thought I would have an incredible platform to help animals. But I realized very quickly that there were huge limits to what I could do.''' ,'''I like to try everything, taste everything.''' ,'''You can't just, boopity-boop, saunter into the Treasury. You need an appointment.''' ,'''I'm a no-makeup girl.''' ,'''It so saddens me that people don't give other people the benefit of the doubt in the way they'd want to be given it.''' ,'''I'm not much of a party girl.''' ,'''All of my besties are gay.''' ,'''I hope my actions speak more for me in the future than my hashtags!''' ,'''I have been very lucky from the moment I went to my first audition, which was for 'CSI: New York,' and I got it.''' ,'''I don't think I'm that recognizable.''' ,'''Maybe I'll create a guidebook for future political spouses: the dos and don'ts in D.C.''' ,'''When I look at Deco jewelry, I see the New York skyline - the Chrysler Building.''' ,'''I like the brand Fage, and usually go for the two percent because it tastes so good!''' ,''''CSI' was an amazing experience, which, looking back, I was very lucky to get. They shoot an entire episode in eight days, so everything has to be totally slick and professional.''' ,'''I don't really believe in torpedoing someone's career when they've been absolved of doing something.''' ,'''People don't want to read about my work with the homeless or the time and money I pour into animal rescue and organizations that fight poaching.''' ,'''I befriended a homeless man five years ago, bought him a new set of teeth, helped him get his life on track. A writer for 'Elle' spent two hours talking to this guy and discarded almost everything he said. When the story came out, we both were weeping while reading it on the street!''' ,'''If you don't see culture in Los Angeles, you're simply not looking.''' ,'''I'm adventurous; I like change.''' ,'''I'm not some ditzy moron who has no idea how to deal with a diplomat as if they're some exotic animal.''' ,'''I'm a homebody at heart, and I love to be around my dogs.''' ,'''One of my favorite breakfasts is Greek yogurt with fresh fruit.''' ,'''You can seek out a lot of publicity if you want, depending on your choices. A lot of major celebrities don't have paparazzi following them.''' ,'''It all happened so fast: I went from regular girl, an actress trying to make it in Hollywood, to a Cabinet spouse in one of the most polarizing administrations ever. It was overwhelming.''' ,'''I am a natural blonde, but not this blonde.''' ,'''It was so strange because I thought Washington was going to be so grown-up, and everyone was going to be so nice. Then people were saying to me, 'Watch your back in D.C.' Why? Really? I have to watch my back in D.C?''' ,'''You never really own a diamond. You just get to keep it for a while before it begins a new journey with someone else.''' ,'''You should measure me by my actions, the friends I keep, and the charities I support, not by the politics of my husband.''' ,'''I love the emotional symbolism of the eternity band as a wedding band. It's like wearing the infinity sign on your finger and represents the cyclical and enduring aspect of love.''' ,'''I've wanted to be an actor since I was six, and I'm going to be an actor until I'm 66.''' ,'''I should have realized that what's good for movie stars doesn't work for a Cabinet secretary's wife.''' ,'''I have the high honor of being the only person who has been compared to Marie Antoinette, Darth Vader, and Cruella de Vil at once.''' ,'''Ivanka is the most amazing mother. I go over there and bring one of my dogs for the kids to play with. We're just two young women making our way in the world. We sit there in sweatpants and have a glass of wine.''' ,'''I'm a person who tries to be compassionate, caring, and warm to every single person I meet.''' ,'''I love how easy pearls are to wear with anything and everything.''' ,'''As a result of my husband's position, there is newfound media attention to my every move. I did not imagine this level of scrutiny, but I understand it is now part of my life.''' ,'''Don't think that you can go to Washington and dress as an individual. If you want to avoid criticism, you need to be a twin-set-sweater-and-pearls type of girl.''' ,'''My husband is very fortunate to be part of the government. It is a great honor and privilege, and in no way is his work, or my part in this, any kind of sacrifice.''' ,'''Cabinet spouses are not allowed to lobby other Cabinet members. It's against the rules.''' ,'''Watching great performances can transport us, and finding a film that really moves you is a galvanising and inspiring thing.''' ,'''You might see Al Pacino at the grocers, but you would never go up to him and say, 'Oh my God, you're Al Pacino.'''' ,'''L.A. is uninhibited: You're encouraged to express yourself, wear what you want, do what you want, and to speak from a very emotionally honest place. D.C. is different. In Washington, you have to be much more careful about what you say and do. Especially about what you wear!''' ,'''I played Simone, the French tutor for the daughter of a rich Manhattan couple, who goes to a costume ball as Marie Antoinette. While everyone else in 'CSI' races around in police gear, I had to wear a ballgown and bustle and two wigs. It was very heavy on the make-up side.''' ,'''Charity fundraising galas have always been a wonderful way to support a myriad of causes.''' ,'''I wear SoulCycle stuff every single day of my life.''' ,]
+++