+++
author = "Jameis Winston"
title = "Jameis Winston Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jameis Winston Quotes"
keywords = "jameis winston,jameis winston quotes,jameis winston quote,jameis winston sayings,jameis winston saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a regular college student.''' ,'''It's about being a student-athlete, and not just getting that easy money and going to the league.''' ,'''I hate being bored.''' ,'''Going out there and losing is so easy. I want stuff to be hard - that's why I want to win championships, I want to win games.''' ,'''If you think about a tweet, don't post it.''' ,'''When some people play football, they think of it as just a sport. To me, it's everything.''' ,'''I used to be a hitter when I was in high school.''' ,'''I'm a strong believer that coaches coach and players play.''' ,'''Every game I try to get better and better.''' ,'''I'm gonna be myself. I'm gonna continue to be myself.''' ,'''My mother was the youngest of 11 kids and I grew up in her family's household. I was blessed to have my dad in my life and his family lived right down the street from the church.''' ,'''In the NFL, you have to take advantage of every opportunity that you get, and if you don't, you'll usually lose.''' ,'''I want to be someone who depended on his mind, his arm.''' ,'''I know when the time gets rough, I think I'm better than anybody in a hard time than anyone in the country.''' ,'''I know I'm confident in my ability.''' ,'''I always make sure I'm talking to kids about education.''' ,'''I look good, and I know it.''' ,'''Any way you can invest in yourself to make you play better is a good thing.''' ,'''I know who I am as a person and as a player.''' ,'''I know I have to live up to the hype wherever I go. If I'm an inch below the standard, it'll be chaos.''' ,'''Not many kids get the opportunity to meet their idol, I know I wish I did.''' ,'''Well, ever since I was six, I had a little notebook with coverages and notes on the mental aspect of a game, what it meant to be a leader and what type of attitude you had to have.''' ,'''I'm just growing. Growing in faith and trying to better myself as a Christian and as a man.''' ,'''The thing about this league that I've learned is that you can't really harp too much on your last game. The next game is the most important game and you've got to prepare for that.''' ,'''I dream of being a Hall of Famer one day.''' ,'''Every week, I'm trying to work on something and improve on something.''' ,'''The most important thing I learned is I have to get my body in shape, because those men look good. Not just the other quarterbacks - everyone. Their bodies look good.''' ,'''As a quarterback, you have to be able to nickel-and-dime down the field.''' ,'''I believe that people make mistakes, but I also believe that you bounce back from those and I'm just moving forward.''' ,'''I want to be better than Bo Jackson, hopefully.''' ,'''I can't be careless with the ball.''' ,'''We showed people we can win with our backs against the wall. We've just got to do that more often.''' ,'''I'm such a passionate player, I always want to make big plays and I always want to have excitement.''' ,'''I love math.''' ,'''I was always raised as a student first and an athlete second. I think that's the main purpose in college. Some athletes lose that perspective.''' ,'''My job is to win games and, hopefully, win Super Bowls.''' ,'''My primary focus is going into a football game and having a turnover-free football game. That's my primary focus.''' ,'''Draft day is just another chapter in my life.''' ,'''I'm going to be a good quarterback, a great quarterback.''' ,'''I experienced different things growing up as a child that helped me. That helped mold me into the man that I am now, to the athlete that I am now.''' ,'''In college, I was up under this microscope everywhere I went. I couldn't go to class without somebody stalking me or asking me for something, an autograph or a picture.''' ,'''Sometimes, you get kind of redundant by learning the same offense over and over again.''' ,'''God is teaching me to really just take small increments towards Him every single day. One thing about Jesus. He's always walking towards us because he wants to guide us. But all we have to do, we have to be willing to be vulnerable and take steps towards Him.''' ,'''My main goal as a leader is to be a huge advocate in the community and I've done that and I want to continue to do that.''' ,'''I always knew that my identity wasn't in football. It wasn't in baseball. I knew it's always been in Christ and just my upbringing has always led me to have a tremendous faith that God was going to see me through and he would not give me too much that I couldn't bear.''' ,'''I'm the head of my home. And I have to get my daily bread by chasing Christ.''' ,'''I'm not a selfish player; it's about our team.''' ,'''I draw a lot of comparisons with Cam Newton and E.J. Manuel. But for the mental part, I like to view myself as Peyton Manning, Tom Brady, Drew Brees, and those guys. Because they're so ahead of everyone else when it comes to that part of the game.''' ,'''In high school I wore No. 8, in college I wore No. 5, and five plus three is eight and five minus three is two, you know? Addition and subtraction.''' ,'''My goal is to get better every year and statistically that has happened in a lot of different things.''' ,'''I just love Coach Koetter's offense.''' ,'''I don't have time to think about bad things, I'm always looking forward. Focusing on the positive, not the negative.''' ,'''I'm really just excited to play football. It's a win-win situation for me. I just got to go out there and do what I do best. It's what God blessed me to do, so I've got to do it.''' ,'''Coach Koetter coaches his tail off, and he definitely supports me.''' ,'''One thing I always do in the huddle, pre-snap, is make eye contact.''' ,'''There are some throws I should not make.''' ,'''I'm just ready to play football. I'm ready to get involved in the community, I'm ready to just do positive things and move forward.''' ,'''You never focus on the negative.''' ,'''I know I have a past.''' ,'''I believe when you're communicating with any player, you're going to have some disagreements.''' ,'''I'm a competitor.''' ,'''When you can put your whole body into things, you can create so much power.''' ,'''When I think about football, I think about my love, my passion, what has football done for me as far as discipline, as far as learning how to lead. It taught me a lot about life.''' ,'''Some people don't understand that after football season, I've got to go to baseball.''' ,'''Sometimes checking that ball down is the simple decision. It's about moving the chains. It's about a completion here and a completion there. And that's how you know the game really slows down is when you're able to do that, when it's just second nature.''' ,'''Quarterback is the most scrutinized and publicized position in sports.''' ,'''Me and Coach Koetter have a great relationship, first and foremost, and we've got the same goal when we go out there on that football field - and that's to win the football game.''' ,'''Always having that chip on your shoulder is an important thing for a quarterback.''' ,'''I just love the game. I've got a passion for the game.''' ,'''My confidence will never waver.''' ,'''I have to be a good game manager for us to be able to win games. I like having a gunslinger mentality, though, because I'm not afraid to make any throw.''' ,'''I have nothing to prove.''' ,'''Losing, I believe... losing is too easy. And I hate easy stuff.''' ,'''I learn in different ways. If I can visualize what's going on and see what's happening, I can go out there and do it out there on the field.''' ,'''You put a big smile on your face and work hard and work to improve every single day.''' ,'''I really would want Tampa, the city of Tampa, to help build me and to help me become a better young man and become someone that they would want in their community.''' ,'''I always was a guy that wanted to be liked. That wanted to be like everyone else, not really understanding that the platform that I had was different than others. Not really understanding that God expects more from his leaders that he does from people who are not really committed to Him.''' ,'''One thing that I've learned is if you can play it don't matter what age you are, it doesn't matter.''' ,'''I measure myself by the win column.''' ,'''I think it would be a privilege to play in Tampa, period, with the Florida State fan base and everything I have been involved with in the state of Florida.''' ,'''I make a lot of throws off-balance and a lot of throws just using my arm.''' ,'''I probably have more success in football, but baseball is a passion of mine, and I want to play as long as possible.''' ,'''A lot of people thought I was fat, but I'm proving everybody wrong.''' ,'''Bottom line, to win football games, we've got to get Mike Evans the ball.''' ,'''It would be a privilege to be accepted by the Glazer family in Tampa.''' ,'''Southern Florida ain't even Florida for real. It's like New York, Chicago, the beaches.''' ,'''I am going to develop some smarter habits.''' ,'''When I was young, I always wanted to be great at football.''' ,'''One great lesson that I would just pass along to every young person out there or anybody that feels that they can handle everything by themselves, that feels all they need is themselves, their sheer will and their confidence, I would disagree with that.''' ,'''When my back's against the wall, I need to rise to the occasion.''' ,'''I was baptized when I was younger because I grew up in the church.''' ,'''One important thing I learned: When you turn the ball over in the NFL, you don't know when you are going to get that chance back.''' ,'''Well, traditionally, how I grew up, I grew up in the Baptist Church, always going to church every Sunday, Sunday school, vacation Bible school.''' ,'''Coming from high school, when you sit that first year, if you love football, have respect for the game.''' ,'''It's not about you playing when everything is going good, it's how you react when things are going bad and not going your way.''' ,'''I know I've made mistakes.''' ,'''I'm from the same hometown as Bo Jackson, I wish Bo Jackson would've snuck in the classroom and surprised me.''' ,'''Coach Koetter is an amazing offensive coordinator.''' ,'''After I won the Heisman a lot of people were thinking I probably wouldn't set foot on a baseball field, but I love this game, too. That's what some people fail to realize.''' ,'''I just have to keep working hard.''' ,]
+++