+++
author = "Rebbie Jackson"
title = "Rebbie Jackson Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Rebbie Jackson Quotes"
keywords = "rebbie jackson,rebbie jackson quotes,rebbie jackson quote,rebbie jackson sayings,rebbie jackson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been away from home so much, but I'm there a lot, as much as I can be.''' ,'''Every performer has to decide for themselves whether they feel they can combine family life and their performing life, and they have to establish a division that makes them happy. I never thought it would be a problem and it hasn't been.''' ,'''When I first came to California, nobody knew who I was or anything about me. I was a mystery to just about everybody, because most people didn't even know that the Jacksons had another sister.''' ,'''I'm very much the big sister.''' ,'''I've always loved singing, and wanted to do musicals. Watching them as a child was what convinced me that I wanted to be a professional.''' ,'''I really don't think the success Michael has had, or Janet, has made It harder for me. In many ways it really enhances the situation. I don't have to worry about name recognition, for instance.''' ,'''I have to say, for a while, it was very difficult to listen to anything that Michael's voice was on. That's pretty tough to escape. Everywhere you go - food markets, departments stores, TV and radio - they are playing his music.''' ,'''My brother, Jackie, and I used to dance all the time.''' ,'''I would like to feel that if I can rear three kids in this world and keep them away from the inferior things that life has to offer, I feel that's truly success.''' ,'''He was my brother. I used to walk Michael to school, and I used to walk him to my grandmother's house when he was a little bitty kid because my grandmother babysat him, and she lived a long ways away, and then I would go to a school that was close to her area. I was one of the ones that helped raise him.''' ,'''I was the last member of the family to get involved on the professional scene, although music has always been with me.''' ,'''Being a big, big, big star, to me, is not being successful.''' ,'''I made my own contacts and I recorded in different studios, and it was something that I did by myself without the assistance and help with my family at first.''' ,'''Everybody wants to receive a certain amount of satisfaction from whatever employment they're involved in. That doesn't mean happiness, though. And then, if you don't have happiness, that's not success.''' ,'''The press, when they get a hold of something, they twist things.''' ,]
+++