+++
author = "Lillete Dubey"
title = "Lillete Dubey Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Lillete Dubey Quotes"
keywords = "lillete dubey,lillete dubey quotes,lillete dubey quote,lillete dubey sayings,lillete dubey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We are a family of professionals, especially doctors. Thanks to my father, I got exposed to a whole lot of things. I call him a Renaissance man.''' ,'''Plays which are universal tempt me. 'August: Osage County' is a play which is relevant to the urban Indian set up.''' ,'''I first watched 'Adhe Adhure' in college. I loved it, and it stayed with me ever since. I decided that I would some day direct this play - not in English, but in Hindi.''' ,'''I believe divinity is within us.''' ,'''There is so much freedom I enjoy in theatre. In films, the roles are limited.''' ,'''You are not dead until you are in that grave, so don't close the book. Don't give up.''' ,'''A lot of people in India are not that into non-Indian films or Western films.''' ,'''Ahmedabad is a cultured city with a rich heritage of craft and theatre.''' ,'''Theatre is my first love. I don't understand why people say that theatre can't give you money.''' ,'''It is hard to get good actors who also do television, ads and films. Theatre requires six weeks of rehearsal for a play.''' ,'''I was a rebel. I went to Carmel Convent in Delhi where I was a complete rebel. I thought I was 12 going on 18. I wanted to go out with friends older to me, stay out late - my parents were horrified. It was then that we began having our first disagreements.''' ,'''All actors know that the real adrenaline rush is in doing theatre. There is an immediate connect, and a role in a play, for an actor, is the biggest temptation.''' ,'''I'm always thinking, 'What next,' even while working on one play or shooting for a film.''' ,'''India's a fascinating country. It's constantly changing, but there's still a lot of superstition and backwards thinking.''' ,'''Everything is possible. Anything is possible at any time and at any time in life. That's such an affirmative kind of feeling.''' ,'''The Indian film industry is very, very vibrant. It is a mix like it is in Hollywood - there is a lot of highly commercial cinema.''' ,'''I like taking up challenges. I prefer working with scripts that are different and veer from the tried and tested. So far, it's always worked.''' ,'''I am not a regular at film festivals.''' ,'''My father was the artistic one. At a very young age, my father realised I had a strong voice and made me learn Hindustani vocal. I was five. I have Dad to thank for introducing me to the finer things in life.''' ,'''So many people ask me this, but I tell them I look forward to each day because I love what I do.''' ,]
+++