+++
author = "Jared Dudley"
title = "Jared Dudley Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jared Dudley Quotes"
keywords = "jared dudley,jared dudley quotes,jared dudley quote,jared dudley sayings,jared dudley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think when you play the right way, you get rewarded and throughout my career it's been that way.''' ,'''It's something I pride myself on because in the NBA a lot of people are good offensively but you can set yourself apart on the defensive end. I can bring a lot of energy.''' ,'''My first game in Phoenix is something I'll remember forever.''' ,'''As an athlete, it's all about confidence in general.''' ,'''I'm the only player in NBA history to be 10 for 10 in a game with at least four threes made.''' ,'''Obviously your knees are real big when shooting.''' ,'''That's the key to the NBA, everybody finding their roles.''' ,'''When you look up the definition of 'superstar' in the dictionary, there should be a picture of Shaquille O'Neal.''' ,'''You can't get discouraged when you lose games because basketball is such a process and so much happens during each practice and game.''' ,'''The quicker you can establish roles, the better chance you have of being a successful team.''' ,'''For me I want to be a voice and consummate professional, be in the weight room and stay after practice.''' ,'''I point out things on the floor that I see, so we can be successful as a team overall.''' ,'''When I grew up it was Michael Jordan and Chicago Bulls, the Lakers, the Boston Celtics, those were the teams you loved or hated and me being from San Diego, you loved the Lakers.''' ,'''You want to help your teammates.''' ,'''I feel like I'm going to have a long career and you don't want to get a bad reputation for certain things.''' ,'''I was on veteran teams in Charlotte where we won 17 or 18 games. There were times that we lost by 20 for two or three straight games, then came in and watched film, learned from our mistakes. We learned about things like making the extra pass.''' ,'''We don't trip if someone like Patrick Beverley is talking trash; that's how he feeds his family. We get it. We respect the hustle.''' ,'''I've hit a lot of big shots and missed a lot of big shots, and I'll continue to shoot them.''' ,'''I've always been an outgoing guy. But I know as an athlete, I have an obligation to be a role model.''' ,'''I knew, hey, if I can become an elite shooter, I'll be able to play in the NBA for 10-12 years.''' ,'''You've got to know your role. I was never built like someone who was 6-9 or 6-10, didn't have athleticism and became a good shooter. Wasn't a natural shooter. So for me, it's being smart. It's a guy, I used to look at Shane Battier; take angles, play the right way, a winner. Do all the little things.''' ,'''You can't just work hard enough in the NBA and be good. You have to work hard and smart.''' ,'''We as athletes want to be validated by your peers.''' ,'''For any team, confidence is so important.''' ,'''Shaq had an uncanny sense of how to utilize the media.''' ,'''The key to the fadeaway is your legs.''' ,'''Everyone watches the Lakers, let's be honest.''' ,'''I think in Brooklyn they respect the hustle and playing the right way and because of that, fans come out and support that.''' ,'''When you're not dealing with superstars, coaches want players to fit their system. But superstars are the system.''' ,'''Few big men have possessed the rare combination of power, speed and agility of Shaq.''' ,'''Even though I'm not a five-man, everywhere I've been, I've controlled a lot of defenses, transition defense and putting guys in the right position.''' ,'''When you play and do things the right way and follow the game plan, you're going to be more successful than not.''' ,'''When you do your job on the court, that gives you more of a trust off the court.''' ,'''That's the beauty of getting old. You got to know your role on a team.''' ,'''I definitely think I'm kind of more of an East Coast player than a West Coast player. But I knew at a young age, too, that if I didn't get a scholarship that I was going to go to prep school.''' ,'''When you start hitting some shots, you build some confidence.''' ,'''I feel like every team has to have a guy who gets under people's skin.''' ,'''For me, that's one of my strong suits here in the NBA with reading defenses, moving side-to-side, going to pick-and-rolls.''' ,'''You don't really realize when you become a 'veteran' - it just sort of happens.''' ,'''I don't have to be a leading scorer or be the man.''' ,'''You need two stars to win in this league.''' ,'''It's easy to be the greatest teammate when you're winning. How about when you're losing? How about when you're down 20?''' ,'''Looking back, I truly appreciate just how fortunate I was to play with a guy like Steve Nash.''' ,'''Some of the good teammates, when it comes for me, has always been someone who interacts with your teammates - movies, dinners, buses, planes, and so what I tend to do is, the older I've gotten, I actually hang out with more younger guys than I do older guys.''' ,'''I'm always friendly.''' ,'''Who would've thought that Milwaukee would be the best thing for my career?''' ,'''The players before me got this TV revenue so high that I can make money to support my family forever, and I feel like it's an obligation for us to leave the game better than when we first got it, for the future.''' ,'''LeBron is the most unselfish superstar we have.''' ,'''Every basketball player wants to wear their team's throwback jerseys.''' ,'''You know how you toilet paper and egg somebody's house? I did it, right? But I did it back-to-back nights, Saturday and Sunday. They called the police. Good thing nobody got arrested but that was something embarrassing and stupid. Why would you do the same house twice? It was ridiculous.''' ,'''I like being on good teams.''' ,'''Let me tell you, NBA free agency is wild. It's like an even worse version of speed dating.''' ,'''Games can be won or lost in one or two plays.''' ,'''Most athletes get in shape by playing.''' ,'''There are a lot of people out there that you can touch their heart by playing basketball.''' ,'''People always say I can be a party planner because I'm really good at having to go and planning things out.''' ,'''I've always been a team guy first.''' ,'''When you're a role guy, there are games when you're not going to shoot that much.''' ,'''You get measured by how fast you run or how high you can jump or how you can dribble, and I just wasn't that kind of player.''' ,'''I'm a big movie guy.''' ,'''When guys feel like it's a contract year so you're forcing, you're stressing, you're trying to do that, what I try to tell them is GMs and scouts don't even look at your points per game. They look at your efficiency, your plus-minus. Everything's so analytical. You can average 15 and be a terrible analytic player - you're not going to get paid.''' ,'''Amar'e and Nash are perfect in the pick and roll - Stockton and Malone types.''' ,'''For me, personally, I try to deal on Twitter only in positive.''' ,'''For me, to see the ball go in once or twice, it breeds confidence.''' ,'''I would say players have utmost respect for James Harden. For one, he's improved every year, and also, for me, as a shooter, he gets his shooters involved.''' ,'''James Jones being a player, a champion, one thing that you knew about him that was really good was his work ethic.''' ,'''I wasn't really built for athleticism or speed, I always had to rely on my mind and my instincts.''' ,'''I understand how powerful social media can be.''' ,'''When things go wrong, that's when you show your leadership. It's easy to be a leader when things are going well.''' ,'''When you win and you shoot badly, it doesn't really matter. Stats and all the other stuff doesn't matter.''' ,'''The ultimate superstar has to have more than skill on the court. He must possess the 'It Factor' - a combination of marketable personality and championship rings.''' ,'''A star player, even when he's not shooting the ball in crunch time, he's making the decisions and making the plays.''' ,'''What Steve Nash and Chris Paul do is they kind of hide your weaknesses.''' ,'''I wasn't the best at anything, but I wasn't the worst.''' ,'''If anyone knows me, I feel like I'm half-media, half-player as it is.''' ,'''You can find role players everywhere, but you can't find stars everywhere.''' ,'''I pride myself on being someone who does the little things and works hard.''' ,'''At one point in the NBA in my second year, I was a two-guard.''' ,'''Our job as vets and role players is when you get your opportunity make the coach realize what he's missing out there.''' ,'''I'm the face of the B.C. alumni organization.''' ,'''I want to give myself options and maybe be able to work at ESPN, or do blogs at NBC or be a sports reporter.''' ,'''I try and be very vocal. You know, talking to people and getting on guys. I try to help guys get in the right position whether it be on offense or defense.''' ,'''Offensively, I have a high basketball IQ, I look to get everyone involved, set screens, take charges, get steals; all of the little things.''' ,'''You show your character through the good times and the bad times and for me it's just about being professional.''' ,'''When a team sticks together and plays for each other, it all usually works out in the end.''' ,'''There are going to be fans who say rude, disrespectful things.''' ,'''I try to try a new restaurant every week.''' ,'''I've had to guard Dwyane Wade, LeBron James and Dirk Nowitzki. I've had to guard the best person on the opposing team.''' ,'''I knew that basketball was my love and the only way for me to go to college was to get a scholarship.''' ,'''There are so many Clippers fans in San Diego.''' ,'''I'm trying to get an internship at the ESPYS. I'd like to do interviews on the red carpet.''' ,'''The Warriors, when Kevin Durant came, they played more iso ball than the year before. Kevin Durant made them change who they were because of his talent.''' ,'''I am from San Diego, and I went to college in Boston, so I have seen the opposite coasts.''' ,'''Communication is crucial. That's why young teams aren't usually good because their communication's not good because they're not confident in the communication.''' ,'''Being a leader is natural to me.''' ,'''If you can't stretch the floor in the NBA, it's hard for you to be competitive or even have a chance.''' ,'''I knew at a young age what my limits were and what my strengths were.''' ,'''Most guys don't want to play with Kobe.''' ,'''I've always been a believer of taking a little bit of knowledge of every great player I played with.''' ,'''I just think that every situation that you go through, you get an opportunity. Sometimes you have to make your opportunities.''' ,]
+++