+++
author = "Ken Loach"
title = "Ken Loach Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Ken Loach Quotes"
keywords = "ken loach,ken loach quotes,ken loach quote,ken loach sayings,ken loach saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's so much control, so many executive producers, so many people looking over their shoulder, so many people trying to second-guess the boss. The space for writers and directors and actors to be creative is zilch.''' ,'''I think the Norweigan model of municipalities owning cinemas and being programmed by people who know about films is a good one.''' ,'''After 'The Gamekeeper' I made one other film called 'Looks and Smiles,' but making British films was very difficult. There wasn't a tradition of British cinema.''' ,'''The far right was on the march in the 1930s, and we defeated the fascists through a great united working-class effort. That sense of unity and strength is what gave people confidence to change things.''' ,'''History is for all of us to discuss. All history is our common heritage to discuss and analyze. The founding of the state of Israel, for example, based on ethnic cleansing is there for us all to discuss.''' ,'''I try to avoid mirrors.''' ,'''I know there are people who can direct sitting down away from it all at a video monitor. But I can't do that.''' ,'''I made one contribution to a film about the 11th of September: there were 11 directors and everyone had a different take on that. Some I thought were valid and some less so, but there was a substantial point that knitted all the films together - a comment on the bombing of the World Trade Center - so there was something to get your teeth into.''' ,'''Because I've been around a long time I get a bit of leeway that other people don't.''' ,'''A journalist uses the most precise words he or she can. An artist does the same sort of thing. You gather material about a particular subject, you refine it as best you can.''' ,'''I think that's one of the things that sport teaches you. You are only as good as the team around you.''' ,'''My father worked in a factory and as a child it felt very secure. It felt very secure because everybody had work, the schools were free, so there was a security of knowing that the war had finished and families would come together again.''' ,'''Politics lives in people, ideas live in people, they live in the concrete struggles that people have.''' ,'''It's more interesting to see new people on the screen when you go to the cinema. I don't want to see the same old faces.''' ,'''The European Union is an institution that is in the interest of big business, not the European people. So it's understandable that some people thought we should leave.''' ,'''The Holocaust is as real a historical event as World War II itself and not to be challenged.''' ,'''In the 1980s, I had a lot of films, documentaries for television, which were about why the trade unions had failed to organize resistance to Margaret Thatcher's plans. And they were banned. I had to fight for those films.''' ,'''If we believe in the free market, then that leads to the big corporations taking power, that leads to this competition to lower wages, and that leads to precarious work.''' ,'''Jeremy Corbyn's election was the most hopeful thing since the Labour Party began. He's the first Labour leader who's ever stood on the picket line along with workers.''' ,'''Churchill the right-winger has been elevated to a status where you can't criticise him. People from the time remember him as an imperialist, a hard-right politician, very instrumental in the oppression of Ireland and the attempt to defeat the general strike.''' ,'''I was an understudy in a show called 'One Over The Eight' with Kenneth Williams and Sheila Hancock.''' ,'''We did a film called 'Kes,' which is about a lad with a talent that nobody can recognise, or that nobody chose to recognise.''' ,'''The E.U. is an economically right-wing organization that prioritizes the interests of big corporations.''' ,'''It's a great privilege to make a film, to have it shown, and for people to see it.''' ,'''Film can do lots of things: It can produce alternative ideas, ask questions, just record the reality of what's happening, it can analyze what's happening. Of course, most commercial films are controlled by big corporations who have an interest in not doing those films.''' ,'''We made 'The Wind That Shakes the Barley' about the war of independence and the civil war, which were the pivotal moments of Irish history, really. 'Jimmy's Hall' would seem to be a smaller story 10 years later.''' ,'''Every four or five films we've made a film that has gone on TV first. It's quite nice to tap into the TV audience, but it is nice to see it on the big screen too.''' ,'''How families interact is not some abstract concept of mother, son, father, daughter; it has to do with economic circumstances, the work they do, the time they can spend with each other.''' ,'''The thing is, it's much easier to be a rightwing populist than a leftwing one, because the left always have to explain why things are the way they are. The right can just blame the foreigners.''' ,'''The most enjoyable things are the old eighteenth-century terraces that are still standing, that domestic architecture.''' ,'''I'm not a great fan of very short films.''' ,'''The old Craven Cottage stadium at Fulham, before they built the river stand; that was a great place to watch football. When the football wasn't very good, people used to turn around and watch the boats on the river.''' ,'''As a medium, film has great potential, but its use is dominated by big capital.''' ,'''My mum was a peacemaker, and in personal things I tend to do that, because I can't deal with personal conflict. I find that horrible.''' ,'''Ordinary people can be very articulate and very eloquent.''' ,'''The Labour election of 1945 was a tremendous victory for democratic ownership of the economy.''' ,'''The worst thing about being a freelance film director is that you're scrambling around Soho with a briefcase, looking for somewhere to make phone calls. That was my position for 10 years.''' ,'''Well, I think by and large, certainly in terms of cinema, American culture dominates our cinema, mainly in the films that are shown in the multiplexes but also in the way that it has a magnetic effect on British films.''' ,'''All politicians will say they celebrate the NHS, but to a greater or lesser extent, they've all undermined it.''' ,'''You'll get unsociable people whatever the nationality, colour, race or creed. I guess the British abroad have probably got the worst record of anyone.''' ,'''Iain Duncan Smith and his regime, they wanted to make the poor suffer and then humiliated them by telling them that their poverty was their own fault and, to demonstrate that, if you're not up to mark then you're sanctioned and the money stops.''' ,'''People who are deaf or hard of hearing need all the support we can give them.''' ,'''Film is one small voice in a great cacophony of noise from newspapers, from the television, from social media, so it can have a little dent, you know? It can help to create a climate of opinion.''' ,'''Don't take advice. You have to make up your own mind what to do from the beginning.''' ,'''I think that cinema is medium of communication. It's as valid as novels or fine art.''' ,'''I challenge the idea that films about rich people are escapism and films about working class people are dour and sad. I find the opposite's the case.''' ,'''I think cinema is taken a bit more seriously in France.''' ,'''The older you get the more new memories get wiped out, and you end up remembering more about your early life than what you did last week.''' ,'''There has been no more principled opposition to racism than Jeremy Corbyn: he was getting arrested for protesting against Apartheid when the rest of them were doing deals and calling Nelson Mandela a terrorist.''' ,'''The job of the director is to make certain that the film has one voice and a sense of a single vision, even though it's produced by a large number of people making contributions - to turn all those contributions from individual voices into one coherent one.''' ,'''Eric Cantona is a giggler.''' ,'''A film has got to demand to be made. Otherwise - if it's just, 'Shall we? Why not?' - you shouldn't make it.''' ,'''It seems to me the big weakness in most films is the writing. You can learn directing, but you can't learn writing.''' ,'''The BBC is very aware of its role in shaping people's consciousness... it's manipulative and deeply political.''' ,'''When you get older you do one film at a time.''' ,'''There are different cinema traditions in France, Spain and other European countries. There's a much stronger intellectual tradition: cinema is seen in a more serious way.''' ,'''If change is to come, it must come from the working class. That's why telling their story is important. That's why knowing our history is important.''' ,'''I hate programmes where some TV personality looks you in the eye and tells you what to think - the Andrew Marr version of history. I hate the authorial voice telling you what to think.''' ,'''Often people write stories about people who are suffering, and they're miserable all the time. That's not the case. You go to the food bank or wherever and there's laughter, there's comedy, there's stupidity, there's silliness and warmth. And that's the reality of people's lives. If you cut out that sense of humor and warmth, you miss the point.''' ,'''I think it's time British filmmakers stopped allowing themselves to be colonized so ruthlessly by U.S. ideas and stopped looking so slavishly to the U.S. market. It demeans filmmaking when they do that.''' ,'''Jimmy's Hall' is set in Ireland in the '30s and everything that went under the camera we had to generate.''' ,'''It's time to put back on the agenda the importance of public ownership and public good, the value of working together collaboratively, not in competition.''' ,'''Surprise is something that's very difficult to act.''' ,'''Cannes is the largest festival of world cinema.''' ,'''What strikes me - we're apparently at the mercy of an economic system that will never work and the big question is, how do we change it, not how do we put up with it.''' ,'''It would be exciting to take part in what we now call the Enlightenment at the end of the 18th century, but with modern dentistry.''' ,'''People talk about Thatcherism all the time. I felt it was important to record the memories of those almost written out of history who upheld the spirit of '45.''' ,'''If all political parties are committed to the role of the free market, the politicians act as, I don't know, as traffic policemen; they stand outside the ring and let the real decisions be slugged out by entrepreneurs. That doesn't seem to me a proper democracy.''' ,'''I've been going to Labour party meeting for over 50 years.''' ,'''We have to defend the migrant workers and give them our support and demand that they have the rights that workers here have from day one, but absolutely hate the system that forces people to leave their country, leave their homes, leave their families, to go somewhere else to be exploited.''' ,'''You always feel a degree of insecurity about getting through a film.''' ,'''We have what we call 'fake left' politicians, like Ed Miliband and those who went before him.''' ,'''Gordon Brown is and always will be committed to the interests of big business, so there's no way I want to be involved in the Labour Party again.''' ,'''I wasn't from a political family. Nobody talked politics.''' ,'''I'm not a great cinema-goer.''' ,'''If you're a politician, you can see there might be times when, to secure the greater good, you have to take a backwards step. That is a matter of tactics.''' ,'''Anti-Semitism is a form of racism, and all forms of racism are horrible.''' ,'''There's no great desire to own lots of stuff - and I don't. You can only live in one house and drive one car.''' ,'''You've only got to look at a film to see that it has to be collaborative - the images, the performances and all the art direction and the costume, everything shrieks collaboration.''' ,'''A TV series is a long commitment.''' ,'''Those in power always try to distort reality, to suit their needs and keep things safe.''' ,'''When I was young, you were told that if you had a skill, you would find a job for life and you could bring up a family on the wage.''' ,'''If you think back to the great French directors it's difficult to think of British film-makers who are comparable.''' ,'''There's a heresy which is perpetuated by film school that to be a great director you have to write your own stuff.''' ,'''Bath was dusty and a little shabby when we moved here. It did look its age and you felt its history in its streets and buildings and little alleyways. The sense of the past was palpable. There were some bad modern buildings but there was a patina of age.''' ,'''It's what people have always done. They have always told stories, put on plays. It's characters and narrative and thought and context and resolution so you reflect the way the world is in some way. It comes out of experience. I think it's OK to do that.''' ,'''Preparation is really important for actors; they need to know who they are, where they're from, and the experiences up to the point that we make the film.''' ,'''In general I think that in art you only have the responsibility to tell the truth.''' ,'''What the Labour movement is about is a broad mass of people actively engaged in a democratic process.''' ,'''If you have a society where a large section believe they are not part of the political discourse, that is a situation for trouble.''' ,'''Most cities are eclectic. There's a bit of medieval, Georgian, some Victorian and some 20th century. That's fine. Bath is different because it was built within 100 years or less. It has a homogeneity.''' ,'''I think people think of auteurs as being a dictator shouting over everyone about his vision. That's not the way I think of auteurs or the way I work.''' ,'''I don't think films about working class people are sad at all; I think they're funny and lively and invigorating and warm and generous and full of good things.''' ,'''When you're at the wrong end of your 70s, everything is a challenge.''' ,'''Oh, I don't like labels.''' ,'''The problem is, if you make a film that has certain implications in the story, and then you don't follow through, it's a cop out really, isn't it?''' ,'''For the writers I have worked with and for me, the relationship between the personal comedy of daily life and the economic context in which that life happens has always been very significant.''' ,'''I think you find amongst ordinary people there are a lot of people that are really talented.''' ,'''I was stage-struck from an early age. I just loved the language. We lived quite near Stratford so I would cycle and watch the plays.''' ,'''Paul Laverty is a wonderful writer and we've worked together for a quarter of a century.''' ,]
+++