+++
author = "Limahl"
title = "Limahl Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Limahl Quotes"
keywords = "limahl,limahl quotes,limahl quote,limahl sayings,limahl saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Oh I've seen Jude Law a couple of times, with his kids in tow, looking stressed. But I've lived in Primrose Hill for 20 years.''' ,'''I always try to squeeze in the gym, even if it's just half an hour.''' ,'''I feel so proud of everything I have achieved and it is lovely that my soundtracks take people back to their first love or holiday.''' ,'''Haven't read a book for years - keep buying them and never getting round to reading them - I never seem to have the time.''' ,'''There's so many oldies stations with 'Never Ending Story' and 'Too Shy' on their playlists, thank God. People still love the songs.''' ,'''Yes, I would say I had quite a rough time from 1992 to 1996. After the highs of the Eighties, work became slow from around 1987 to around 1997. I was running a small recording studio in Shepherd's Bush but wasn't making a great deal from it.''' ,'''I turned down 'Come Dine With Me' because I can't cook.''' ,'''I've wanted to do a Christmas song for years but thought every lyric and melody had been written.''' ,'''I'm a member of the National Trust. I absolutely love architecture, history, geography, the arts and culture. Oh, and I love gardens. I moved from London to Hertfordshire, so I could get a garden.''' ,'''I've had my eyes done twice. I have had the bags removed, upper and lower. When you get older, your lids get heavy and you look tired all the time. That was fantastic. It freshened up my eyes.''' ,'''I was blessed with good looks and I have good genes.''' ,'''I have gained value like an antique. If there is an '80s event, I normally get the call and that is a nice problem to have.''' ,'''Yeah, I could get an internet page and maybe get a thousand downloads of new songs but it's a lot of work. I'm 57 now, I really feel like I've got the T-shirt. I just like performing. It's instant. I go off, I do the show, it's over. I like that.''' ,'''I try not to think before sleep otherwise it keeps me awake - I usually stick on an episode of The Golden Girls which makes me laugh and have nicer dreams - I highly recommend it!''' ,'''I'm the first to poke fun at myself when it comes to the hair. I even ask the audience 'hands up who had big hair in the 80s?'.''' ,'''The mullet has made a comeback, of sorts, and it looks great on young people. But I think if I was walking round with a mullet 25 years later I'd just look like a bloke who's stuck in the 80s.''' ,'''Lets see, I remember the first time I went to Japan, I loved that because I was taller than everyone! I'm only 5'7' but in Japan that's good!''' ,'''My career highs were definitely in 1983 and 1984, because Kajagoogoo's 'Too Shy,' which I co-wrote, went to number one in many countries and was top five in America. However, the band fired me in August 1983, so I was suddenly on my own as Limahl.''' ,'''Part of my job is to be looked at and I do think we live in a world where you are judged on your looks. If you look at someone you previously liked and they look old and decrepit, I don't think it's that pleasant.''' ,'''I love to get out and see real life and to walk, which is why I love Venice so much - it's such a great walking city.''' ,'''I'm not as rich as I could be or should be, but I've done well enough.''' ,'''I'm from Pemberton, Wigan, and was born into a poor family. I grew up on a council estate. My dad was at first in the Army and then in the coal mines. My mother had four children by the time she was 23 so money was always tight.''' ,'''People don't realise how much energy it takes to sing and hit all those high notes - but I always feel like I've done a marathon.''' ,'''I love the Germans and they love me.''' ,'''I am an emotional person, but I am not embarrassed by that.''' ,'''My family had no money or social connections with the music industry but I came to London and had some success that continues to influence my life.''' ,'''Twenty years ago I went to see this show The Best Disco in Town Live, it was all these disco acts like Gloria Gaynor and Tavares and I had the best night of my life. There was no new music, it was just hits you loved growing up.''' ,'''I don't know what record company would sign a 45-year-old former 80s pop star.''' ,'''My siblings and I had to earn our own pocket money so from the age of about 10 I had a job. I did a paper round, helped with the farmer's delivery at the weekend, cut hedges for neighbours and worked on a market stall. Then I'd go and buy a record with my hard-won money.''' ,'''I once had a gig in Gothenburg and went on the most unbelievable theme park ride, which was a rollercoaster built into a mountain that went through plants and tunnels. It was huge and a thrill to go on.''' ,'''I cannot cook to save my life - I microwave everything or it's simply scrambled eggs on toast.''' ,'''When I started writing songs at 18, I wrote about 100 that were crap. One was called 'Dog In A Disco.'''' ,'''Because I live in London I'm always at busy places like airports and gigs. When you're up in the mountains the air's so clean and there's nature and the awesomeness of the slopes. It makes me reflective and think about the bigger picture.''' ,'''I don't have a record deal, I'm not looking for one, I don't have a manager, I'm not promoting anything.''' ,'''I'd given my life and my soul to Kajagoogoo and then after a cheap phone call, it was all over. I did cry and I'm not ashamed to admit it. Anybody is entitled to break down under those circumstances.''' ,'''When you can connect with a live audience and you get that immediate response it's just great.''' ,'''I have had Botox a few times, but invasively the worst thing I've had done was when they took a bit of fat from my love handles and injected it in my face.''' ,'''I had a mullet. It was quite impressive.''' ,'''I love London, even though the weather's not great. I've travelled the world and I've lived in Paris, Germany, Los Angeles and New York but I love the parks, the theatre and the Britishness and the way that all these communities have integrated.''' ,'''That had been a real problem for me in the past - meeting people that were opportunists, so I had a few bad experiences where I really believed people cared about me, but they didn't.''' ,'''No, the mullet's gone, I've have a nice blonde, spiky haircut, but it's quite modern.''' ,'''I've just been on a German TV show called 'Come Back', a bit like 'Reborn In The USA', and the pressure of being scrutinised all the time by cameras has made me very self-conscious.''' ,'''I have phobias of everything you can name, but the problem with hypnotism is handing control over to someone else - and that is one of my phobias!''' ,]
+++