+++
author = "Billy Squier"
title = "Billy Squier Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Billy Squier Quotes"
keywords = "billy squier,billy squier quotes,billy squier quote,billy squier sayings,billy squier saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was always regarded as being better than ninety percent of the kids in school, but I was also something of a loner.''' ,'''I'm basically a nice guy.''' ,'''That's a dangerous combination, serious and rock 'n' roll. But yeah, I'm pretty serious. I've been at this a long time, and it takes a certain amount of seriousness.''' ,'''I don't have to forsake my career as a musician. I know how to write songs - that's not going to leave me. But I think it's good to explore some other avenues.''' ,'''Music became so commercialized that I just didn't want anything to do with it. I renounced the industry before it became the fashionable thing to do.''' ,'''I think if you're going to a concert and spending $15 for a ticket for you and your girlfriend, then you're going to buy a T-shirt, and you end up spending close to $100 a night, what with gas in the car and anything else to get you in the spirit of things, I just think that people deserve their money's worth.''' ,'''I'd gone to New York at an early age, and I got beat up a little bit, emotionally. So I thought I'd go home and go to music school.''' ,'''Even in 1971, J. Geils was into the Stones. When I heard Geils, I realized that a lot of other people hearing them had never heard the Stones.''' ,'''I try to keep the theatrics to a minimum and let the music do the talking.''' ,'''I got out of the business because I went from being the biggest artist on my record label to someone they didn't even want to have around.''' ,'''We do things instinctively and not necessarily rationally. It's almost like we're being controlled by unseen forces, which is something I don't like. I've been making a real effort to try to find out what those forces are and get them out of my life.''' ,'''I'm a huge garden and landscape fanatic.''' ,'''I think that 'Tell the Truth' is one of the best rock records ever made by me or anyone - I really do.''' ,'''At all points, you have to look at what you're doing and say, 'Do I want to do this?' 'Am I up to it?' 'Am I strong enough?'''' ,'''I tend to be very methodical for a variety of reasons. I'm more of a plodder.''' ,'''Studio work is very methodical, while live concerts must be very spontaneous.''' ,'''The whole British music scene of the mid-sixties had a pretty profound effect on me.''' ,'''But I don't let my bad feelings rule my life. I acknowledge them because I can't pretend they aren't there.''' ,'''I don't sit around going, 'What is the matter with me? What do I have to do to get a hit?' And I don't also sit home and listen to my record every day and get drunk and go, 'Wow, this is great.'''' ,'''I knew that I had done my best on 'Tell The Truth'... I was so proud of that record.''' ,'''I used to be a big arena person. I thought more people equaled more intensity, but smaller places are a lot more intimate, I feel more connected with the audience.''' ,'''When a band retires or is In hiding, a void is created. The fans' need is still there.''' ,'''You can't just say, 'God help me,' and he's there. It takes a little bit more work on the part of the individual, I think.''' ,'''I guess I could sit around and say, 'Gee, I wish I were playing at the Capital Centre tonight instead of Hammerjacks,' but it doesn't happen.''' ,'''I'd always envisioned 'The Big Beat' leading off 'The Tale of the Tape' with the biggest drumbeat the rock world had ever heard. I knew I had something good... but I had no idea just how good.''' ,'''I was a good-looking, sexy guy. That certainly didn't hurt in promoting my music.''' ,'''I'm the middle-class kid; it doesn't sound exciting, but a lot of my audience is middle-class kids.''' ,'''I don't like pictures of me showing my hair sticking up in back.''' ,'''People say, 'When are you making this comeback?' I say, 'It's not a comeback, it's a record.' They say, 'Where have you been all these years?' I say, 'I've been making records.'''' ,'''I just started exploring the guitar and seeing where it would take me.''' ,'''I'm happier in a garden.''' ,'''When I write the songs, I don't dictate how people should interpret them.''' ,'''It's very important for me to try to get to the people. I'm not shy. It's nice to give the fans a little extra, to let them inside.''' ,'''I have a great deal of respect for myself as a musician and a writer, even if I'm not doing it anymore.''' ,'''I find the idea of doing what you do over and over again to be incredibly boring.''' ,'''I'm always happy when I'm outside working in the company of nature.''' ,'''What I do is a bit broader in scope than a heavy metal band like Iron Maiden, Motorhead, ACDC and so on.''' ,'''I do keep my eyes and ears open but I don't spend a lot of time looking at what other people are doing to see how I can fit in.''' ,'''For me, music is just one road. I dont have a specific pursuit; generally. I just try to be more aware of myself.''' ,'''I just stopped playing. I did some screenwriting and got into the nature thing. Music kind of went away.''' ,'''I was very humbled by the 'one-man Led Zeppelin' comparisons.''' ,'''When you're on stage playing, when I plug in a guitar and chord, I'm 16 years old again. I feel the same excitement. It's very overwhelming. It engulfs you.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I was interested in folk music. But rock represented power, and I became the best rock guitarist in my school.''' ,'''I heard that I was off traveling around the world skiing in Argentina and things like that. I may have had a great life in somebody's mind, but all I was seeing was 9th Avenue while going from my house down to the studio in New York City.''' ,'''I support a lot of causes, but I do it privately. My profession shouldn't be a platform.''' ,'''My music has been called heavy metal, but that's not an accurate description. I'd rather call it articulate rock because it expresses many feelings and emotions.''' ,'''For me, music is this incredibly cerebral trip. You turn on the radio or put on a record, and it's your song, it's what you see.''' ,'''I'm the only person I know who's never had a regular job.''' ,'''Take 'The Stroke,' for instance. Plenty of people saw sexual connotations in that song but to me it was about what goes on in the business world.''' ,'''I have a lot of gay friends.''' ,'''I read one article that called me the 'latest pretender to the Led Zeppelin throne.'... If I saw the guy I'd knock him out. Because that's not true - I'm not pretending anything. If my records sell, it's because of me.''' ,'''I don't know if anyone necessarily looks at themselves and what they do as being terribly significant one way or another.''' ,'''I mean, I would always like to play bigger places and play for more people.''' ,'''I would never dispute the fact that music is my greatest love.''' ,'''If 'Emotions in Motion' comes out right, I can write the book on the formula rock star.''' ,'''I never try to create a different personality or anything like that. I'm not like David Bowie or somebody like that, who changes personas each year.''' ,'''Life isn't that complicated on paper. It's made more complex by the day and age we live.''' ,'''Singing is the form I've chosen to express myself. It's the way I emote best.''' ,'''I started as a guitarist and couldn't find a decent singer, so I started providing my own vocals.''' ,'''I don't feel any great need to dress in funny-looking clothes and be recognized as a star, nor do I get that much satisfaction out of hanging around all the main clubs so people can see who I am.''' ,'''I tend to deal with things in a very serious manner.''' ,'''British rock & roll became the gospel for American kids like me.''' ,'''It would be easier to be more mysterious, but I try to be accessible.''' ,'''I was a mess... It's like 'Rock Me Tonite' is an MBA course on how a video can go really wrong.''' ,'''Success hasn't changed me at all. I'm still the same cocky, arrogant guy I've always been. The only difference now is that I'm busy all the time.''' ,'''I don't really like fighting.''' ,'''Piper took me one step further in that it got my first real recording contract but the band just didn't quite mature. It didn't break things open, but it got me to the door.''' ,'''So everybody is trying to play like Eddie Van Halen. I think it's rubbish. I think Eddie's great, but everyone's trying to do what he does and it doesn't make for a lot of interesting music.''' ,'''Following the example of Bruce Springsteen or Bob Seger, I wanted to have a band, a sound and a personality, yet maintain a singular position of being able to control and motivate the flow of things.''' ,'''We don't want to categorize our music. Some people say you need a definite musical direction to give a group visibility.''' ,'''Heavy metal to me implies a relentless, pounding, hitting-people-over-the-head music. Trend setters tend to dismiss it as basic and simple, but all the time that little trends keep coming and going, the Bob Segers, Bruce Springsteens and the Billy Squiers keep staying.''' ,'''When I grew up, I had influences as diverse as Keith Richards, Pete Townshend, Eric Clapton, Jeff Beck, Jimi Hendrix.''' ,'''I don't feel I have to be Jackson Browne. Still, I like to say something.''' ,'''Certainly, I don't believe in rebellion for its own sake. But I think if you strive to do something in an individualistic way, you just become a rebel by definition.''' ,'''Don't Say No' was the first album I'd done that I felt completely comfortable with.''' ,'''It certainly is a positive thing... having a trademark.''' ,'''There are a lot of cases where I'm using, if not an acoustic guitar, an electric guitar more as a rhythm instrument. Rather than blasting away, I use it to create more of an acoustic feel.''' ,'''I'm not a poet. So the writing process is a difficult one for me.''' ,'''Basically, my life was music, and I was always consumed by it.''' ,'''I can put on 'Revolver' or 'Led Zeppelin II' and then 'Tell the Truth' and there is no quality gap.''' ,'''I'm not gonna get it all right, but I take my victories, as small as they are.''' ,'''I always wanted to merge heavy metal with pop music, but I think that because I grew up more with pop, the Beatles and the Stones, I tended to affiliate myself with those projects.''' ,'''There's this raw, basic quality people expect in my music.''' ,'''I wouldn't want to end up in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as the 'Master of Hip-Hop Samples,' but you take what you can get.''' ,'''Becoming a Top Ten artist has surprised me.''' ,'''Music is cyclical, but I've never thought of the music I make as being so off the wall or left field that it wouldn't always have an audience that would relate to it.''' ,'''I always loved music. I liked to go to church because I liked to sing the hymns.''' ,'''I don't try to be difficult. I just care so much about these albums that I get crazed sometimes when I'm making them.''' ,'''Seeing a young band, seeing that hunger and the raw spontaneity, is good for me. It keeps me young, so to speak.''' ,'''Usually, when I'm having a good time, I don't think about it that much. I tend to become more reflective or introspective.''' ,'''I take songwriting very seriously and I wouldn't want anything I do to be construed as frivolous or mundane.''' ,'''I don't make grandiose, prophetic statements in my songs.''' ,'''There's a time that you realize that you're not gonna get out of a room without playing certain songs.''' ,'''My parents are proud of me now. However, when I first became involved with rock music, they were afraid.''' ,'''Most of us, whether we like it or not, we grow up and start having a different view of what we've done and who we are and where we're going.''' ,'''I try to remember our relative insignificance on this planet and that these seemingly important things do not mean quite as much as we think they do.''' ,'''I was good at sports - basketball, football, tennis and dropped them all. At 16, I didn't care about sports anymore.''' ,'''I had great trouble believing in myself, so I didn't believe in my success - I didn't enjoy my success, which I thought was insane.''' ,]
+++