+++
author = "James Arness"
title = "James Arness Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 James Arness Quotes"
keywords = "james arness,james arness quotes,james arness quote,james arness sayings,james arness saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had the privilege of working with so many great actors over the years.''' ,'''What made us different from other westerns was the fact that 'Gunsmoke' wasn't just action and a lot of shooting; they were character-study shows.''' ,'''The kids don't really have any part of my television life. Fortunately, there aren't many times when show business intrudes on our family existence.''' ,'''I was the tallest guy in the school, and I was very conscious of being larger than anybody - classmates and teachers.''' ,'''I watch television all the time, mostly PBS and old movies like 'The Quiet Man,' my favorite Wayne movie. It's marvelous. I just loved the man and still do.''' ,'''I've got a little arthritis that I have to deal with. I was 6 feet 7 when I started, and I've shrunk up a little bit. I'm probably 6-5 or so now. But up here at 82, I feel pretty good. I'm sticking in there.''' ,'''I had a wonderful life and was blessed with so many loving people and great friends.''' ,'''I had the pleasure of knowing Ronald Reagan before he became Governor of California. He was a truly great human being and we usually spent our time together reminiscing about mutual friends.''' ,'''I was honored to have served in the Army for my country. I was at Anzio during WWII, and it makes you realize how very precious life is.''' ,]
+++