+++
author = "Ron Moody"
title = "Ron Moody Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Ron Moody Quotes"
keywords = "ron moody,ron moody quotes,ron moody quote,ron moody sayings,ron moody saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My training was that you fill in the canvas where it needs colour and polishing. You start with the words on the first night and keep adding bits of business.''' ,'''I felt very insecure about whether I was up to recreating my stage 'Fagin' in front of a camera.''' ,'''I've no regrets. You take responsibility for your actions.''' ,'''Pressure makes people react in different ways. Some people plunge in, and others take the way out.''' ,'''I'd been collecting eccentric moves since I was a kid and didn't even know that the dance step I improvised in 'Be Back Soon' was called a 'pas de basque.'''' ,'''I always write 'Fight' on the mirrors - that goes way back to the times when you had to fight apathy.''' ,'''The world is always reinventing itself, and so should you. I used to say, 'I haven't started yet.' Sadly, most people don't develop their potential.''' ,'''I love getting up in the morning with nothing else to do except write.''' ,'''I grew up with music hall and revue and was used to filling in the little gaps here and there to get bigger audience reaction.''' ,'''I never thought about settling down. I was obsessed with my career - I was blinkered. I finally met a woman who was worthy of me. Then we settled down and had many children.''' ,'''My father and my uncle used to be amateur monologuists because their generation grew up with Henry Irving and the like, and they had that style of delivery, of declamation: 'The Belllllls!' What we call 'ham' now, larger than life.''' ,'''I was a stage-struck child from about 5 years onward.''' ,'''If we destroy the biosphere, then mankind will die. We all waste our time worrying about stupid wars and petty jealousy and greed, and all the time, we're sitting on a time bomb.''' ,'''The day after the Oscars, I flew back to London to film a television play for Anglia. It was a big mistake because you never really get acknowledged for wanting to work in England, as I did.''' ,'''I went to the London School of Economics to study sociology and psychology on a serviceman's grant.''' ,'''Playing Fagin in the play and film was a small miracle.''' ,'''I was offered Fagin-type roles, but I wanted to do new things. I could have worked in America, but there was a recession in the British film industry, and I wanted to work in England. I've no regrets.''' ,'''My portrayal of Fagin was all to do with my experience in comedy and revue.''' ,'''For me, making the show work was getting belly laughs - like most variety artists. But the straight actor believes you fix your performance in rehearsal and that's it.''' ,'''Fate destined me to play Fagin. It was the part of a lifetime, and I was the only actor to be in the stage production and in the film.''' ,'''Working on a film, you don't get time to develop rivalries, but the theatre is like a little village, and the differences between me, Lionel and Georgia grew.''' ,'''My proudest moment was the number 'Reviewing the Situation.' I suspect that, because I gave my all to the role and because I was working with such a fine team of people, it inhibited my future career.''' ,'''I think I'm a straight actor who occasionally does musicals; most people think I'm an eccentric comedian. It's amazing how many years you can spend in this business just sorting out something as simple and basic as that.''' ,'''I've worked with the old dames and knights - Edith Evans, Ralph Richardson - they're the most incredibly humble, kindly people because they are so big that they don't need to be unpleasant.''' ,'''I would have liked to have been a professor of sociology.''' ,'''Now I can see I was at fault for not being more considerate, but when we were doing the show I didn't think it was my job to be considerate to other people.''' ,'''Fate destined me to play 'Fagin.' It was the part of a lifetime.''' ,'''I'd wanted to be an actor from the age of five.''' ,'''I'll never forget seeing 'Guys and Dolls' over and over. I used to sit up in the coliseum watching this magnificent musical. Brilliant.''' ,'''I watch people constantly.''' ,'''Summer of 1967 was one of the happiest times of my life.''' ,'''I don't think a professional agent or theatre manager would say my career had gone as well as perhaps it should have after that first 'Oliver!' success, but then again I was never really intending to have a career in the professional theatre in the first place.''' ,]
+++