+++
author = "Coco Lee"
title = "Coco Lee Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Coco Lee Quotes"
keywords = "coco lee,coco lee quotes,coco lee quote,coco lee sayings,coco lee saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My mom was very strict when I was growing up. I could not talk to boys until I was 18. I had to study and work hard.''' ,'''I'm proud of my roots. There are not many Asians in the music industry so it's important for me to tell people where I'm from.''' ,'''I'm not a businessperson. I have no sense of money. My mom does everything for me. She makes all my decisions for me, and even buys my clothes. She's very protective.''' ,'''I wanted to bring the R&B flavor and other Westernized sounds to my music, because that's the type of music I grew up listening to.''' ,'''I was bred and raised in a multi-cultural music background.''' ,'''I myself never feel that I'm sexy. If people call me cute, I am happier.''' ,'''I'm sporty, active, bubbly, I like to make people laugh... I'm the jokester. But I'm also very traditional.''' ,'''They really can't imagine what my voice is like. Every time I sing a song, they are very surprised.''' ,'''People have to respect intellectual property.''' ,'''I love to prove people wrong. They expect I'll sound a certain way when they see me, then they hear me and they can't believe it. I love that.''' ,'''When I work, I work. I don't think about anything else. I just wanna get the work done. And I'm a perfectionist.''' ,'''I'm still a, you know, a silly girl... a big kid.''' ,]
+++