+++
author = "Michael Angarano"
title = "Michael Angarano Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Michael Angarano Quotes"
keywords = "michael angarano,michael angarano quotes,michael angarano quote,michael angarano sayings,michael angarano saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can't listen to my own voice. I change my voicemail on my machine literally every week because I'm so obsessed with getting the right tone of voice.''' ,'''I would say that my favorite action film is the 'Die Hard's. They're kind of perfect, I think.''' ,'''I kind of love coming home and being with family and feeling comfortable and knowing where I come from; I kind of like it.''' ,'''As you get older, you kind of take on things and become kind of different than what you used to be as a kid, obviously.''' ,'''If you look in my CD case, you'll see it's Pink Floyd, The Rolling Stones, The Beatles, now I can't think of anyone else, but all that stuff.''' ,'''I grew up in dance studios. I was forced to be in several numbers in recitals and dance competitions. I took one tap class - literally one class - and then I quit.''' ,'''I think there's an essential problem in movies and TV that I think a lot of people experience now: Audiences are way more interested in the actors than the characters that they're playing. It's a strange thing.''' ,'''Sometimes you go into a waiting room, and the audition room is right there, and the walls are extremely thin. And you can hear every breath that they're saying. And you're used to that. So you go in, and you're like, 'Oh, whatever.'''' ,'''A lot of movies are made, but because they come to film festivals and your movie doesn't get bought by a studio or a distributor, your movie doesn't get seen.''' ,'''To be unrecognizable in movies is the biggest compliment that anybody can give you.''' ,'''I think Dustin Hoffman's career I would love to emulate just because it's so diversified.''' ,'''I really don't go out at all; I just stay at home and watch movies and skateboard around the house.''' ,'''I'm weirdly flexible, so when I dance, I dance like a 17-year-old girl.''' ,'''I didn't get to go to prom; I was filming a death scene on my prom night. But I got to go to all the homecomings, and even the winter formals I got to go to, but the only thing I missed was the prom, but everything else was great.''' ,''''Rugrats' was my favorite cartoon growing up as a kid.''' ,]
+++