+++
author = "Sophie Mcshera"
title = "Sophie Mcshera Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Sophie Mcshera Quotes"
keywords = "sophie mcshera,sophie mcshera quotes,sophie mcshera quote,sophie mcshera sayings,sophie mcshera saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm really rubbish at putting anything on my skin, because I don't like the feel of it. But I do love Kate Moss' Rimmel lipsticks - I keep them in all my coat pockets.''' ,'''I'm not even speaking to people any more; I just want to be reading my Kindle the whole time!''' ,'''I'd hate to be really beautiful on telly and then have everyone go, 'It's all make-up and lighting.'''' ,'''I tend to go to the theater a lot. I've always loved it.''' ,'''My friends would howl if I claimed I was androgynous - I'm not tall enough!''' ,'''I loved 'Pulling.' It was so original and hilarious. I remember being very sad when it finished. I'd love to start a campaign to bring it back, but if I did, the actors would probably say, 'We're fine. We're all really busy, thanks. Please don't!'''' ,'''I listen to a lot of old music, like Joni Mitchell and David Bowie.''' ,'''When I was ten, I had a weird cinema party where I invited everyone from my street to come. I pretended I was an usher and tried to sell them all popcorn.''' ,'''If me and my friends are feeling decadent, we go for afternoon tea.''' ,'''I do loads of one-pot things because I feel like you can't go too far wrong. And I make a lot of soups and casseroles, which is so boring, but it's the only thing I can do!''' ,'''I'm quite low-key - Isabel Marant is one of my favourite designers.''' ,'''I'm a massive shopper. Topshop, Urban Outfitters - I'm pretty at home on the high street.''' ,'''I was obsessed with 'The Sound of Music.' I always feel nostalgic watching it.''' ,'''I love dressing up, though I have to hide my rubbish hair in a hat.''' ,'''I like twinsets, and I'm famous for always wearing crop tops.''' ,'''Normally, you have to wait for the costume department to help you out of costume.''' ,'''I'm really good at pretending.''' ,'''Being recognised on the street in New York is pretty surreal.''' ,]
+++