+++
author = "Rocky Wirtz"
title = "Rocky Wirtz Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Rocky Wirtz Quotes"
keywords = "rocky wirtz,rocky wirtz quotes,rocky wirtz quote,rocky wirtz sayings,rocky wirtz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love my father. I disagreed with him. But he was my father. He was the boss.''' ,'''Throughout her life, my grandmother was a champion for the arts and giving back.''' ,'''We have multiple businesses, and obviously we want every one to stand on its own, and what you don't want to do is manage one business from the profit of the other one.''' ,'''I think that with the success of the team, more people realize that Blackhawks charities exist.''' ,'''You have to have coaches willing to adapt.''' ,'''I'd rather write a check than make myself look ridiculous.''' ,'''The last thing that should come between two willing parties, one that wants to adopt and one that wants to find a home, is economics.''' ,'''Having the games on TV, I've always believed it's like watching a soap opera - fans can't wait for the next episode.''' ,'''I look like Scooby-Doo in a beard.''' ,'''I understand that fans think short-term, and there's nothing wrong with that. You live or you die in the short term. But I believe in our system, and when you do that, you don't make knee-jerk decisions.''' ,'''Winning is good for your bottom line.''' ,'''We know we can't win the Cup every year. But we certainly can be in position to win the Cup every year, and if we've done that, I think we've earned our paycheck.''' ,'''My idea is bring in good people and then get out of their way.''' ,'''Owners are made to be hated. We're the guys that trade away your favorite player.''' ,'''The last thing you want to see is your great players in the press box or in the locker room.''' ,'''We don't own the team; we just rent it. The fans own it, and a lot of times, they haven't been happy with the renter.''' ,'''Embrace your fans and really work with them.''' ,'''In business, no one pays you to have a really good year and then 10 bad years.''' ,'''You can technically lose money during the playoffs if you don't raise your ticket prices.''' ,]
+++