+++
author = "Mordechai Vanunu"
title = "Mordechai Vanunu Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Mordechai Vanunu Quotes"
keywords = "mordechai vanunu,mordechai vanunu quotes,mordechai vanunu quote,mordechai vanunu sayings,mordechai vanunu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The main points were: one, the amount of Israel's nuclear weapons, how many Israel had, that no one could predict or know, including the CIA. They were thinking about a number like 10 or 15. But I came out with a number between 150 to 200.''' ,'''The power organisation of Israel gives what they can to fight me, to cause me some harm, damages in health, mind, and they succeed little bit, but I survived and I am now free, but it was very hard - a very difficult time - and I wish no one would suffer what I suffered, and then when I speak to you and try to be human being like everyone.''' ,'''And I also take photos of hydrogen bomb, from another part of the building. It was not part of my job, but I succeeded to go and take photos of the hydrogen bomb.''' ,'''I was allowed to meet my family every two weeks for a half hour.''' ,'''Second point is no one here could predict or know that Israel was involved or started producing the hydrogen bomb - the most advanced and powerful atomic bomb that can kill millions of people.''' ,'''My job was to produce plutonium that was used for atomic bomb.''' ,'''All I want to do is to go to America, get married and start a new life.''' ,'''Five million Jews are regarding me as a traitor, but six billion people around the world think me as a hero and a good man who bring the message to all the human beings that we should survive and prevent the use of nuclear weapons and to prevent the nuclear preparations and to prevent nuclear war in the future.''' ,'''If they will let me go, I would leave Israel immediately. I would like to see the world, to exercise my freedom.''' ,'''We can just assume they have much more and powerful, more advanced technology, all the new computers, everything could be much more easier and help them to build much more and many more nuclear weapons.''' ,'''I smuggled the camera, it was no problem to smuggle the camera there. And I took 60 photos, two films, during the time when there was no one in the control room, in the building.''' ,'''I couldn't sleep for two years, they tried to break my nerves. They used a lot of psychology to brainwash.''' ,'''Everyone knows that Israel has nuclear weapons, but no one is talking about it. The world doesn't want nuclear weapons - not in Israel, not in the Middle East and not anywhere in the world.''' ,'''So I decided the only place I can speak to the world is from outside Israel.''' ,'''I have no interest in Israeli citizenship... Israel does not want me, nor do I want Israel.''' ,'''From the sea came a boat with some Israeli commando soldiers who took me by the commando boat to the yacht and put me on the yacht. In the yacht I asked people, who are you. And they said we are Israelis, French and British.''' ,'''But I am not allowed to speak to foreigners and I am not allowed to leave the country. So I'm not so happy.''' ,'''That was my way, and I also use the music after five years, I started hearing opera, opera, it was very good instrument to keep the spirit very strong because you feel like you are yourself singing opera, and I used to hear a lot of opera, they send me tapes.''' ,'''I am asking the state of Israel to revoke my citizenship. This wish for revocation of citizenship is neither new nor recent. Now, however, it is supported by the new Revocation of Citizenship Law.''' ,'''But on the other side I am very glad that I can at least enjoy some freedom.''' ,'''We do not know which irresponsible Israeli prime minister will take office and decide to use nuclear weapons in the struggle against neighboring Arab countries. What has already been exposed about the weapons Israel is holding can destroy the region and kill millions.''' ,'''I said the kidnapping is a crime. I have the right to speak about the crime done against me. They didn't like me to speak about this crime. So I decided to reveal it to the public.''' ,'''I also was producing, working on other materials for the hydrogen bomb. They call it lithium-6 and tritium. I was working on these and the only use for lithium-6 is the hydrogen bomb.''' ,'''I worked every day there, so I knew all the details. But I needed only some proof. So the proof was photos.''' ,]
+++