+++
author = "Andrew Wiggins"
title = "Andrew Wiggins Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Andrew Wiggins Quotes"
keywords = "andrew wiggins,andrew wiggins quotes,andrew wiggins quote,andrew wiggins sayings,andrew wiggins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We've always got to fight to the end and never give up no matter what the score is or how much time is left.''' ,'''I want me and my teammates to go as far as we can and to be the best players that we all can be.''' ,'''I love Minnesota.''' ,'''My teammates trust me to put the ball in the basket when it counts.''' ,'''We need to come out and assert ourselves on both sides of the court.''' ,'''My senior year of high school, I probably wouldn't get so much out of it as if I went to college.''' ,'''I do a lot of things well, I'm very athletic, I play against guys who are also very athletic.''' ,'''There's days where your shot's not falling.''' ,'''I just try to bring it every night in whatever way I can.''' ,'''I've never been on the court not wanting to play.''' ,'''A lot of former players always say that college is a great basketball experience. The fans, going to school, being on campus... it's a great vibe.''' ,'''I grew up playing defense all the time with my older brothers and the older players.''' ,'''All we can do is come in here and hoop, play hard, stay competitive and try to win.''' ,'''Obviously during practice there's a competitive nature if you're on opposite teams.''' ,'''Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. My job is to come out here and hoop, and that's what I'm going to do.''' ,'''I need my sleep.''' ,'''I'm thankful for everything.''' ,'''I am very confident in my game, whether I'm shooting, driving or creating for my teammates.''' ,'''I feel like no one plays the game to be normal, average. Or I don't.''' ,'''I'm not too selfish or unselfish.''' ,'''We all have to go into the game and play hard, no days off, no possessions off and when we get a little lead don't get comfortable.''' ,'''When we get comfortable, we start relaxing, taking bad shots, especially me I take bad shots when I'm tired.''' ,'''I love playing in the spotlight... I feel like that's motivation for everyone.''' ,'''Durant, man! Has that killer instinct.''' ,'''If I do something wrong, make me pay for it.''' ,'''Anybody who has ever watched me knows that I get my teammates involved, that I make them better.''' ,'''Growing up, there was a rec center by my house and I used to always go there, play ping pong. I got better over the years. And me and my friends always played.''' ,'''College goes by so fast. I can see why people stay all four years.''' ,'''I just want to play my game for my team. I don't care about anyone else.''' ,'''When I say that Kansas all rolls as one unit, they all roll as one unit. Like, everyone. They never leave anybody out.''' ,'''I want to be on the All-Defensive team, be rookie of the year, make the All-Star team, all that type of stuff.''' ,'''I want to win.''' ,'''It's a tough league and it's hard to play every game.''' ,'''I'm a chill guy, a very normal guy.''' ,'''I want to be the best, no matter who I'm going against.''' ,'''There's a perception of me out there that my effort is not there, but that's just he said, she said. A person says something, everyone believes it. But they're not there in the early mornings or when I work out.''' ,'''I watch everybody and tried to take bits and pieces from everybody.''' ,'''Every coach is different, every coach has different playing styles, but no coach made me have a negative experience playing.''' ,'''Oh, I hate poutine. I tried it once - ugh. It wasn't for me.''' ,'''I'm pretty comfortable on set. I've done a bunch of these commercials now. You get used to it. The people work with you how you want to be worked with. It's all positive vibes. It's a fun atmosphere, I enjoy it.''' ,'''When the big games come, I show up.''' ,'''It's part of being an elite player, you get attention.''' ,'''A lot of people can score. What else can you do?''' ,'''I like Kevin Durant's game! Ain't nothing he can't do. Shoot. Has a handle. Plays D. Scores at will.''' ,'''Someone is always watching or listening.''' ,'''That's a thing you most look forward to as a kid. The newest clothes or the newest shoes. Definitely getting the newest shoes and bragging to your friends about it.''' ,'''If you're athletic and you can run, you can play defense. It's a mindset.''' ,'''It was kind of good to get my feet wet with my first NBA game. I felt comfortable out there, let the game come to me. I played within myself and I thought I did pretty good.''' ,'''At the end of the day I'm a basketball player. I'm going to try and shoot more threes than mid-range or long twos or whatever. But if someone gives you a shot, you're a basketball player, you got to make reads and play.''' ,'''Every coach has a different style.''' ,'''The game's just slowed down for me a little bit and I'm able to read the defenses and see how they're playing me.''' ,'''You can never perfect nothing, really, so I need to tighten up my ballhandling, my shooting.''' ,'''Where I'm from, Toronto, is a big city.''' ,'''No one's game's perfect.''' ,'''I always wanted to be in the NBA, but I never really thought about being the No. 1 pick until high school. So once it happened, it's like a dream come true and more.''' ,'''I've never been on the court and not wanted to play.''' ,'''The game of basketball is full of runs.''' ,'''In the NBA, if you can't defend your position, they're going to go at you over and over again.''' ,'''As soon as I stepped foot in Minnesota, I've been shown nothing except love.''' ,'''We have to have that mindset that whoever comes in our house can't win and it has to be the hardest place to play.''' ,'''I think I'm a great defender, to be honest.''' ,'''I just want to play for a team that wants me. So whichever team wants me I'll play for.''' ,'''I looked at my stats, and I was like, 'I'm too big and too athletic to average three rebounds a game.'''' ,'''There's not 100 players better than me, so it doesn't matter what people think.''' ,'''I think I bring it every night.''' ,'''I just like watching good basketball being played.''' ,'''Minnesota's been good to me.''' ,'''When we play a team I know we're going to blow out or anything like that, I'm not as motivated.''' ,'''I know people expect a lot from me and want to see certain things when I play, but it's not really any pressure for me.''' ,'''The people you looked up to growing up, every great player has a signature shoe. That's why I wanted one. I want to walk around and see people wearing my shoe.''' ,'''I always wanted to be the No. 1 pick, but come draft night anything can happen - trades, or anything like that.''' ,'''You can't be a great player without playing both ends of the floor. And that's what I do - I really focus in, and my athletic ability helps me.''' ,'''I believe in myself.''' ,'''You want to win everything you can in practice.''' ,'''Being a father, I want to give my daughter the world.''' ,'''I'm finding myself. I'm finding things I'm good at, things I need to work at.''' ,'''KG is Minnesota basketball, he is the Timberwolves - what he did, just the intensity he brought to the game.''' ,'''I guess I like the attention... well, I mean, I don't mind it. Sometimes it can be a lot. I deal with it, though.''' ,'''I know that college is a big step from high school. So I wanted to make sure I was ready for it.''' ,'''It's not always easy to make a name for yourself. You've gotta earn it. Because nothing's ever given.''' ,'''In high school and stuff I would watch Kobe clips.''' ,'''My father really put that in my head that defense is one of the key things in basketball.''' ,'''Real ballers who have been there and done that, I respect their opinion. But if you haven't been there and done that, you're entitled to your own opinion but I'm not really thinking too deep into it.''' ,'''I know from watching other players that they have great games by getting to the line and getting to the rim.''' ,'''Some people look like they're working hard but they're not. Some people who are working hard don't look like it.''' ,'''Always dress like you're going somewhere better.''' ,'''At a certain point in one's career, you want to win, not just have a great season. You want to win a championship.''' ,'''We can be as good as we want to be. I know that's a general thing to say, I know.''' ,'''It's like when someone dunks... and they scream. It's all part of the game.''' ,'''It is always tough to miss shots.''' ,'''I don't take a backseat to nobody. That's just my mindset.''' ,'''I love a big stage.''' ,'''I'm happiest when I'm hanging out at home or in my room.''' ,'''Even when I was growing up in Canada, I've always been a homebody.''' ,'''As a young guy, you talk to the assistant coach.''' ,'''He went about things a certain way, but no one can say Thibs wasn't a good coach. He was a hell of a coach.''' ,'''For me, I have a bunch of friends back home in Canada who play online all the time - so we get mic'd up, join the same party, and just play. We are good enough to compete with 'Call of Duty' pros, so, the competition is what keeps bringing me back.''' ,'''I think every game in the NBA, I'm a lot better than I was before just by learning a lot.''' ,'''It would have been harder for me to get rookie of the year in Cleveland than it would've been in Minnesota.''' ,'''When I get the opportunity, I try my best.''' ,]
+++