+++
author = "Jude Law"
title = "Jude Law Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Jude Law Quotes"
keywords = "jude law,jude law quotes,jude law quote,jude law sayings,jude law saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If I have a look around at the moment I feel great relief because finally others are entering the limelight. Men like Robert Pattinson must now play the Adonis. For me it was always a restraint, a restriction.''' ,'''I suppose I'm intrigued with the bad traits of society, because I'm a part of society, and the bad traits pose the dangerous questions for our future.''' ,'''I honestly have no interest in celebrity whatsoever. If anything, I always cringe at it because it takes away from what I am, which is an actor who wants to be better and do better things.''' ,'''I don't consider myself any great sage of fashion or style, whatever people may want to think.''' ,'''I've never been a fan of just doing. I like to do things for a reason.''' ,'''I feel more and more at ease, because I think the older I get, the less pressure there is. People say, 'Well, he's not cutting edge because he's not in his twenties, so he's not expected to be.'''' ,'''I'm happiest at home hanging out with the kids... Having a family has been my saving grace because I don't work back to back on anything or I'd drive myself to an early grave with guilt and worry for my family, whom I'd never see.''' ,'''I've always thought Prince Charming in 'Cinderella' was the most boring role; I'd rather be the Wicked Witch.''' ,'''The only film I ever made for money was something called 'Music From Another Room', which I really didn't like.''' ,'''I think everyone goes through chapters in their life and there was a time when I wasn't feeling terribly positive about what I was contributing to film, or wasn't feeling as if I was going in the direction I wanted and I re-evaluated what I was doing.''' ,'''Success, and even life itself, wouldn't be worth anything if I didn't have my wife and children by my side. They mean everything to me.''' ,'''London is my home... I know what's right and wrong here, and it's nice to have somewhere familiar to go back to.''' ,'''My goal was always to be recognized as a good actor but no one was interested in that, simply because society just wants to warm towards your appearance. This is the great blemish of society.''' ,'''I'm only wanted by directors for the image I give off, and it makes me angry. I always wanted to be an actor and not a beauty pageant winner.''' ,'''We all have times when we go home at night and pull out our hair and feel misunderstood and lonely and like we're falling. I think the brain is such that there is always going to be something missing.''' ,'''I think it's a bigger risk following a part that plays up your looks than it is to try and carve out a career as an actor.''' ,'''My only obligation is to keep myself and other people guessing.''' ,'''I'm not called Jude Law, I have three names; I'm called 'Hunk Jude Law' or 'Heartthrob Jude Law'. In England anyway, that's my full name. That's the cheap language that's thrown around, that sums you up in one little bracket. It doesn't look at your life. But if one looks beyond, there is actually a little bit more.''' ,'''When you step back and watch people, you realize that we use every single body part. Movement, dance - I find it genius because it's ultimate expression, really.''' ,'''I've always been someone who's really tried to live in the here and now. My memory isn't very good so maybe that's why, but it just seems like I've been living this life, my current chapter, for a really long time and I don't really remember what it was like before. It's just been sort of ingrained in me. What I deal with day to day.''' ,'''I was an optimist, a great champion of the human spirit. And I lost that for a time. I feel like I've regained a bit of that in the last few years but there was a period of my life in which I had a very low opinion of people in general.''' ,'''You heard it from the heart, you saw it in their eyes. Then I got used to the fact that I couldn't feel my fingers and my feet. That for me was the essence of the battle.''' ,'''Making an effort is polite, and getting ready and looking after yourself makes an event more fun.''' ,'''In a way it was like washing your laundry in public and, yep, there you go, you've seen my underwear. And now I feel like there's nothing left, you've seen it all and I can get on.''' ,'''I don't want to do anything that I'm not passionate about.''' ,'''When you suddenly appear on the scene and you are the new face, everything centers on you. I experienced this in my mid-20s and I found it rather hard.''' ,'''I'm not Tom Cruise. Very few British actors are. If you look at the body of work I've done it's pretty obvious I'm not going to make a 'Mission: Impossible.'''' ,'''Face it, I didn't become famous until I took my clothes off.''' ,'''You can't spend your life apologizing.''' ,'''Personally speaking there's only so long you can go from film to film to film. There's an inspiration an actor gets from the stage.''' ,'''I'm kind of ashamed to be a celebrity. I don't understand wanting to read about other people's dirty laundry. I think celebrity is the biggest red herring society has ever pulled on itself.''' ,'''I sometimes shy away because I don't want to be too 'showy-offy' but the older I get I think, 'You have a handkerchief, put it in your pocket.'''' ,'''I would never know how to sell myself as a sex symbol. That's not how I'm programmed.''' ,'''There's no regret. You can't regret. I mean, I've felt regret but I've also refused to allow regret to sow a seed and live in me because I don't believe it. You feel it, it's like guilt, it's like jealousy, it's like all those horrible things. You've just got to snip them and get them out, because they're no good.''' ,'''I'm incredibly boring; I had a very happy childhood. I never starved, nor did I have a silver spoon in my mouth. I'm one of those terribly middle-of-the-road, British middle class, South London gents.''' ,]
+++