+++
author = "Luciano Pavarotti"
title = "Luciano Pavarotti Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Luciano Pavarotti Quotes"
keywords = "luciano pavarotti,luciano pavarotti quotes,luciano pavarotti quote,luciano pavarotti sayings,luciano pavarotti saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Opera is a beautiful and important diversion for me.''' ,'''I'm a perfectionist, and I always think that I can do better what I have done, even if it's good.''' ,'''In opera, as with any performing art, to be in great demand and to command high fees you must be good of course, but you must also be famous. The two are different things.''' ,'''The music itself could never take the place of my own passion in life.''' ,'''The better voice doesn't mean being a better singer.''' ,'''There is no prodigy in our profession. If you see all the great singer of the past, none of them are.''' ,'''It is so important for people at a young age to be invited to embrace classical music and opera.''' ,'''I am a tenor buff. I hear myself.''' ,'''I want to reach as many people as possible with the message of music, of wonderful opera.''' ,'''Am I afraid of high notes? Of course I am afraid. What sane man is not?''' ,'''For me, music making is the most joyful activity possible, the most perfect expression of any emotion.''' ,'''If children are not introduced to music at an early age, I believe something fundamental is actually being taken from them.''' ,'''The rivalry is with ourself. I try to be better than is possible. I fight against myself, not against the other.''' ,'''Opera is one of the most important art forms. It should be listened to and appreciated by everyone.''' ,'''You don't need any brains to listen to music.''' ,'''Why should be elite, music? Excuse me. Music must be for everybody.''' ,'''He wants only to rest and to have a little peace.''' ,'''It is a very honest world, our work. I think you cannot fake anything.''' ,'''I am open to everything.''' ,'''I was an elementary school teacher.''' ,'''If you see me once, you cannot confuse me with another.''' ,'''I am a very superstitious person.''' ,'''Learning music by reading about it is like making love by mail.''' ,'''I want to be famous everywhere.''' ,'''Above all, I am an opera singer. This is how people will remember me.''' ,'''People have a right to criticize.''' ,'''Sometime to be called Pavarotti is not always an advantage.''' ,]
+++