+++
author = "Partynextdoor"
title = "Partynextdoor Quotes"
quotes_len = "55"
description = "the best 55 Partynextdoor Quotes"
keywords = "partynextdoor,partynextdoor quotes,partynextdoor quote,partynextdoor sayings,partynextdoor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There should be more love in Toronto when it comes to the music and entertainment scenes instead of keeping that Screwface Capital name. There should be more artists eating together, more artists celebrating together and more artists making music together. That's how I feel.''' ,'''I know myself, I'm learning myself. I'm growing, I'm maturing.''' ,'''I want to do as much as I can do while I'm young.''' ,'''I know how to use computers. I was one of those guys on Myspace who had one of those fake hit counters.''' ,'''I'm a recording artist, a performing artist and a producing artist. All those things have everything to do with the outcome of my shows. I get myself studying every part of the game and not everyone has the characteristic to do that. In my mind, you need all three to become an artist.''' ,'''I could make a PartyNextDoor album that's clean, all hits. That's not what I care about doing.''' ,'''Everyone should know yourself. It can be an insult, but know yourself is just it. It's exactly what it sounds like.''' ,'''I say it's easier to write for other people than write for myself.''' ,'''I would call myself the Pharrell of OVO. There are no rules for me.''' ,'''I'll make a whole bunch of beats whenever, but unless I'm living through something or have a female in mind, or have a conversation in my phone I could scroll through, I'm not making music.''' ,'''I'll take a shot of vodka if I want it to be raspy... I tell whoever's in the studio to get boiling hot water, like super boiling, that they're afraid to give it to me. I put it exactly on the back of my tongue to shock my body. That cleans it up.''' ,'''I'll flip samples where one's a completely dark song and the next one is a complete sexual song. People think my whole thing is a dark thing, but I don't.''' ,'''I was like, 'Okay, cool, I'ma learn how to produce my own beats,' and I stuck to it. Now, it's hard to even take a beat from anyone else.''' ,'''I openly share music with Drake, especially when it's time for him to have a project.''' ,'''My first tape was 'Hey, I can do what y'all do.' It's new, flashy, and not through rap. It was a guy singing how cool he was. I'm here with big bro Drake; I'm his little gunner.''' ,'''I look into people's eyes and I know they think I'm a bad guy.''' ,'''I competitively want to produce just as many records for Drake as Kanye West did for Jay Z.''' ,'''I take everything someone says and the way they say it to heart. I just notice everything. I'm very, like, I know what I want. I know what I want to do and what I don't want to do. It may seem like I'm care-free but I'm care-expensive.''' ,'''I'm literally am home making my own music unless I'm asked to be in somebody's house writing music for them.''' ,'''There's a difference wherever you go in Canada, Ontario and the GTA.''' ,'''Halsey's so talented and her voice is so strong and it's so addicting.''' ,'''I want to invest time in creating moments for myself.''' ,'''In the beginning it was definitely Drake, Kanye and Lil Wayne - those were my influences. But having worked with all those three individually, I'm now appreciating my own individuality.''' ,'''The difference between what people perceive and what's reality is that, like, I'm not actually shy. I'm just observant. I care a lot.''' ,'''I want people to understand why I'm not 'P1' or 'P2.'''' ,'''When I'm home, I try to relax, but I still make music.''' ,'''Of course I want to be a superstar, but it doesn't happen overnight, and I see that from having a mentor.''' ,'''My mother didn't listen to my first tape, or my second one.''' ,'''I'm looking for joy.''' ,'''I make 99 percent of my music sitting down, in boxers, when I'm comfortable in my computer chair.''' ,'''I'm going to make the music I make regardless and it's always going to be driven by rhythm and blues and hopefully it becomes popular. But I don't cater to, like, 'OK, I want to make music that's going to fit in this pop world or go on the charts, etcetera, etcetera.' Hopefully, enough people like it so it becomes popular.''' ,'''I'm huge on visuals. I love visuals.''' ,'''I'm grateful that really pretty girls like my music, and social media just happens to like really pretty girls.''' ,'''First time I met Drake was 2012 at a studio in Toronto.''' ,'''The best advice Drake's given anybody is to know yourself. It's the most important thing to live by.''' ,'''I want to write just as much as Kanye may have for whomever Kanye has written for.''' ,'''I'm not Drake's sidekick.''' ,'''I would like to say that OVO, me being on OVO, they kinda protect me from the industry, so I'm not around it. I'm not around it unless I choose to be, or unless I ask to be.''' ,'''Integrity is everything to me.''' ,'''I thought, 'Write a hit, you'll be rich and happy.' Meet one of the most beautiful girls in the world, one of the most talented and I'll be happy. All of that: I'm not happy.''' ,'''When you get into the studio, you never know who is going to fit your energy.''' ,'''I would never call myself mysterious. The word I use is 'private.'''' ,'''You know what matters? Touching people. Being a real person. Because when you're in front of real people, they gon' give you a real reaction.''' ,'''I made my entire first tape using Beats headphones - the studio headphones and halfway through the second one, because I finally started making a home studio. But I record and make all my beats with the Beats headphones.''' ,'''I'm all about colors.''' ,'''I think too much, which is a blessing and a curse.''' ,'''I'm glad I'm with OVO; it's a dream come true.''' ,'''When I was younger I was influenced by Kanye, his story of coming up and how he kept producing and producing and saying, 'I'm more than just a producer. I'm more than just a writer. I'm more than just a guy in the studio here to give you ideas. I have a story.'''' ,'''I love music but I never went to a concert in my life. The first time I went to a concert I performed on a stage with Drake.''' ,'''I don't know how to interact with fans, man.''' ,'''There's room for everybody. It's like crabs in the bucket - no pun intended, shout-out to k-os - but there's a lot of room for different types of Canadian music, cadences and influences.''' ,'''I treat my vocals as an instrument.''' ,'''I was one of those guys who was, I guess, socially popular in school.''' ,'''I feel like my story could hopefully inspire others who've faced hard times.''' ,'''I think everyone has their roles, and in my opinion, I'm like the young hot boy of OVO: stubborn, very step-out-on-his-own and do-his-own-thing.''' ,]
+++