+++
author = "Joao Moutinho"
title = "Joao Moutinho Quotes"
quotes_len = "52"
description = "the best 52 Joao Moutinho Quotes"
keywords = "joao moutinho,joao moutinho quotes,joao moutinho quote,joao moutinho sayings,joao moutinho saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I defend like a man who likes to work too because I know that football is not just about what you do on the ball.''' ,'''I do not like to talk about luck.''' ,'''I try to be happy and to give a smile.''' ,'''When I have the ball I try to see as much of the pitch as possible, and movement off the ball helps you see where to play the pass.''' ,'''I want to play for a team that plays every competition to win.''' ,'''Ronaldo is a leader. A complete player. Good in the air, good with his feet.''' ,'''We never give up until the ref's final whistle, we never give up we try to score one more to win the game - that's what we do.''' ,'''Porto is a club which offers maximum stability to help me show my best level.''' ,'''I don't think of anything else, only playing football.''' ,'''We score and stop. We don't celebrate because it has to go to VAR. What are the supporters doing? The passion goes. I think they have to have a little more flexibility, such as with the offside rule. If it's not clear and obvious, maintain the decision of the referee.''' ,'''I work a lot in the gym on injury prevention.''' ,'''It's always good to help the team achieve their goals.''' ,'''The Premier League is the best in the world. It is fascinating because of all the teams, the atmosphere and stadiums. The football is of course a little more aggressive, there is more contact but I like this.''' ,'''I think that Cristiano is a very complete player in all aspects, Messi is too but these two players, they differ from another. I would prefer Ronaldo.''' ,'''Yes, it's true, I absolutely hate losing. A lot. Not only football. It's in me, in my blood and I don't ever want to lose.''' ,'''I don't like to lose, no matter what I am playing. Football, tennis, head tennis, no matter what. If I am playing something, I am playing to win.''' ,'''I have always said that one day I would like to play in the Premier League.''' ,'''That is how I play, I never give up.''' ,'''What I keep trying in my mind is to work hard in the week to be better for the game.''' ,'''You have to be able to analyse things well. Before I receive a pass, I always look to see what options I have.''' ,'''What's important is to find a good balance between the team, the objectives and the financial aspect.''' ,'''I like to talk to my team-mates. Communication is key.''' ,'''My ultimate ambition is to win the Premier League.''' ,'''I changed Portugal to France and France to England.''' ,'''I try to live my life with happiness and with a smile on my face. I try to do my best.''' ,'''To play better, you have to think faster than the others.''' ,'''Play in Ligue 1 is very closed, very aggressive.''' ,'''I like playing more than training so I try to be fit to play.''' ,'''Every day in training you learn. I've been playing football for years, and I understand the game better with time.''' ,'''I want to give the fans a lot of things to celebrate.''' ,'''We enjoy what we do and, for me, playing football is the best work in the world.''' ,'''Football is like my family: everything. It's my dream, what I have always wanted to do and without football I'm not happy.''' ,'''I rest when I need to rest. I come to training every day as if it is the first day.''' ,'''Believe in yourself and believe in your dreams. Follow them, never give up, that's the most important thing. If you believe you can get there, then one day you will.''' ,'''In football we need to be intelligent because sometimes you can have a lot of things but you need to know when to pass or stay with the ball, when you go to the counter-attack.''' ,'''At first, I am a bit timid, but when I know people I feel better. Then I give a real impression of Joao Moutinho.''' ,'''To win is my mentality.''' ,'''If I am not playing to win, I don't want to play.''' ,'''We try to give everything in all the games, but we know it's not always possible.''' ,'''I do what I need to do to stay fit. I train well. I eat well. I drink water and hydration drinks.''' ,'''I joke every day, pranks, sometimes.''' ,'''Nani and Ronaldo? They are two players who are the top in Europe and even the world.''' ,'''It's true I was interested in going to Everton, but I didn't accept the offer.''' ,'''We need to compete to be better and better every day.''' ,'''I am small and sometimes I don't go to the contact but the players need to be intelligent and know what they can and can't do.''' ,'''I like to have the ball and control the game.''' ,'''If I'm on the field I will give my best to help the team.''' ,'''Ronaldo and Messi, those are the two best players in the world.''' ,'''Some things are ridiculous and just as us players and coaches need to improve, so does VAR.''' ,'''A team doesn't have the ball for 90 minutes. It is about the recoveries. I do my best to do that and help the team any way I can. If that's a pass, an assist, a tackle or even if it's only running, I do it for the team.''' ,'''An assist is like a goal for me.''' ,'''If I score, the better. But if everyone could choose, they would choose to win and not to score.''' ,]
+++