+++
author = "Jason Mewes"
title = "Jason Mewes Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Jason Mewes Quotes"
keywords = "jason mewes,jason mewes quotes,jason mewes quote,jason mewes sayings,jason mewes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''But, yeah, I'd love to do something else in someone else's movie.''' ,'''I did some school plays in elementary school, but that was it.''' ,'''And then after a while he got me a job at the video store next door. I used to lock up the store and go next door and hang out all the time and watch movies and stuff.''' ,'''There's a lot of other movies I like, but I don't even pay attention to directors to tell you the truth.''' ,'''I don't think anyone's ever thought I was a drug dealer.''' ,'''I'm more into the Spawn toys. They're really cool. They're coming out with a Techno Spawn series and another series, The Dark Ages, which are really cool.''' ,'''I love comics. All I've been doing is reading every day, sitting in the house. Because I've not been feeling too good, so I've been reading and reading.''' ,'''I definitely would like to do something serious. Not like a love story, but serious like maybe a gangster or a mobster. A gang or a mob movie would be great.''' ,'''It was a lot of fun on the set. I had the most fun making that movie out of all of them. I'm sure if I sat and thought about it, but none that I could think of offhand.''' ,'''I think I'll be fine in New York. If I could stay here and just get jobs in New York, that would be fine and that's what I'd want to do. I don't want to move.''' ,'''I got a script sent to me at this office and I got a call from a woman - Universal's doing a snowboarding movie. I'm not in it yet, but I'm supposed to meet with the director in New York soon. I'm waiting to hear back from them.''' ,'''After doing the first couple scenes and I got used to being in front of a few people it got easier and easier. In Chasing Amy, I wasn't nervous at all. And in Dogma, the same.''' ,'''No, I don't have an agent. I'm hoping to get one soon.''' ,'''All of a sudden Kevin told me that the movie got bought and was gonna be shown in a movie theatre. I was shocked. I was psyched. It was just weird.''' ,'''I'm getting Puppetmasters, too. They're one of my favorites. And they're coming out with new Puppetmasters. I try not to get everything, but I want so much.''' ,'''In Kevin's movies I would like to stay Jay.''' ,'''On Mallrats, a lot of times they'd have to come find me. I'd be off hanging around. Looking around the stores, hanging out with people. So, he'd have to come find me.''' ,'''I pay attention to the actors and stuff, but not even that much. I don't pay attention to who's writing.''' ,'''I don't really pay attention to the filmmaker thing.''' ,'''In Mallrats, you pretty much don't see him sell any weed, really. I don't consider him a big dealer.''' ,'''I was a metalhead and then I was into the rap and then I was a metalhead again.''' ,'''I showed my mom the movie then I told her the movie got bought and that it was gonna be shown in theatres and be on video. Everyone was really psyched about it. Everyone in my little town of hounds started to call me movie star.''' ,'''It was a lot of fun doing the Nike commercials, too.''' ,'''I'm a big toy collector. I've been slowing down because my money's been tight, but I collect toys, too.''' ,]
+++