+++
author = "Linda Fiorentino"
title = "Linda Fiorentino Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Linda Fiorentino Quotes"
keywords = "linda fiorentino,linda fiorentino quotes,linda fiorentino quote,linda fiorentino sayings,linda fiorentino saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In the end it's about the work, not an award you get for the work.''' ,'''People over 30 are interested in sex too, but they get real movies about it.''' ,'''It didn't rain today, so I didn't have to work. Why don't you have to sit around and wait until it rains?''' ,'''I never wear leather.''' ,'''I go to bed with men, not boys.''' ,'''You can talk about movies all you want, but I have this porcelain fetish. I've had it since I was a kid, because there were so many kids in my family, the only place I had any solace was in the bathroom.''' ,'''Teens aren't just interested in getting laid. I won't believe that's all they're interested in. I have four younger sisters and they're sick of being shown how they're supposed to react in bed.''' ,'''I would like to do maybe a smaller romantic comedy.''' ,'''If I'm not afraid when I'm reading a script, that means I know I've done it before. If I read something and think, Wow, I can't play this part, then I want to play it more.''' ,'''Marriage is a financial contract; I have enough contracts already.''' ,'''They're my favorite two words these days: Oscar reject.''' ,'''I'm convinced my mother only had sex eight times.''' ,'''All I'm thinking about today is cleaning my bathroom.''' ,'''I don't look at scripts in terms of commerciality. I just look at the part, the people involved.''' ,'''I would love to have children, yes. Maybe even adopt them. I'm not sure that I should pass on my genes.''' ,'''He allowed us to choreograph the sex scenes.''' ,'''Sometimes the only thing we women want is a dick and no arguments. What could make us happier?''' ,'''Chazz Palminteri is just the ultimate screen husband.''' ,'''I've been in the bargain basement of the movie business.''' ,'''As actors, the thing we have to fight, more than even the business part of making movies, is boredom.''' ,]
+++