+++
author = "Anna Faris"
title = "Anna Faris Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Anna Faris Quotes"
keywords = "anna faris,anna faris quotes,anna faris quote,anna faris sayings,anna faris saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was never the class clown or anything like that. When I was growing up and doing theatre in Seattle I was always doing very dramatic work. Now I can't get a dramatic role to save my life!''' ,'''My comedy does not come from a place of deep cynicism, and I tend to play characters who are naive in some way.''' ,'''It's weird to get gifted things as an actress because it usually happens when you've made a movie, and you can finally afford something, and then these fashion labels give it to you for free.''' ,'''When I travel, it makes me wish I looked completely polished all the time. I don't. I live in sweats.''' ,''''Overboard' was the movie that I put on when I wasn't feeling great, and it always made me feel better. I could watch it a gazillion times. So when they approached me to be a part of this remake, I was terrified because I felt like there's no way anything could live up to the original. But it was thrilling.''' ,'''I don't really like to go out to clubs or anything. It's just not my style. I'd much rather go to a dive bar or a local place.''' ,'''There are times when I think, 'Do I have the energy to be upset?' and the answer is 'no.'''' ,'''I love being a part of a romantic comedy. I've done a lot of comedies but haven't always had a ton of romance in them.''' ,'''As a working mom, you're running around all the time, and you're trying to figure out what can my kid eat that's healthy because, I guess, I'm 'supposed to do that.'''' ,'''Blythe Danner is somebody whose career I admire. She's a great actress and does good work, but also has a life of her own. I love my job but, at the end of the day, I want to come home and watch a movie and drink a bottle of wine with my husband.''' ,'''There was a time when I was willing to marry any cute boy that looked at me.''' ,'''I would love to have more actress friends, but I just don't.''' ,'''I've been acting since I was 9, but in college I entered the drama program, and I didn't excel at it at all, kind of for the first time.''' ,'''I never imagined being able to make money from acting - and now I can.''' ,'''Hollywood studio executives don't recognize the value of female performers as much as male performers.''' ,'''I love to cook really fattening things, like steak and pasta and potatoes.''' ,'''Life is too short to be in relationships where you feel this isn't fully right.''' ,'''After I had my baby, I reprioritized my life in general. I really wanted to play characters that gave me a different kind of fulfillment. That is a difficult thing to find, especially as an actress.''' ,'''I used to sort of consider myself a feminist, an environmentalist, and I still have some of that in me, but I've done so many offensive comedies, I'm now worn down to a little nub of... nub of an activist.''' ,'''One of the things that comedy has given me over the years is a really good ability to laugh at myself and to not take things that don't matter too much too seriously. I feel that very little offends me anymore and I'm really grateful for that because I think I was a pretty uptight little kid.''' ,'''I've been through heartbreak and uncertainty and giddy crushes and everything. We all have.''' ,'''There's definitely a loneliness and, like, an internal element to being a performer.''' ,'''The hardest thing in my industry is longevity, getting your next job. It's hard to get the first job, but it's so much harder to get the sixth or seventh as a woman.''' ,'''I'm not a very good lover. I'm so nervous about my sexuality.''' ,'''I really love comedy and weirdly enough, I love how my journey has ended up. I get to laugh all day long.''' ,'''I like the idea of sort of playing quieter roles, which would be refreshing for a minute. It is exhausting being really loud and obnoxious.''' ,'''I take pride in how great my relationship is with Chris, but having said that, of course, in this crazy world where he's off doing movies and I'm in L.A. raising our child, of course I'm going to feel vulnerable, like any normal human would.''' ,'''I do love giving advice, but I try not to forget how flawed I am as well. And how many mistakes I've made.''' ,'''I feel really grateful that I am in comedy, and I love doing it.''' ,'''I try to keep my head on straight and take nothing for granted.''' ,'''Yeah, I do like scary movies, especially the ones that don't take themselves too seriously.''' ,'''You know, right now, they say - I don't know who says this, but somebody told me - there's three male roles to every female role. And I guess I'd work on evening that up. Making great roles for women. It's just such a huge challenge.''' ,'''I feel, for the most part, especially in comedy, you make your own work, and maybe that's true across the board.''' ,'''I don't think anybody really wants to know their limits.''' ,'''You have to create your own stuff. It's really exciting to create something, sell it, and feel like I'm not just a pawn waiting to be cast.''' ,'''I never really thought I wanted to become a movie star.''' ,'''I can't stand confrontation, which maybe is a character flaw. But having said that, I do feel like when I do get upset - which is rare, as my husband and family would say - I have a hard time letting go.''' ,'''I loved working with Eva Longoria.''' ,'''I give the worst possible relationship advice to people. I am not ashamed.''' ,'''You have to be willing to accept the idea that people may think you're stupid.''' ,'''I know a lot of actors talk about the importance of wardrobe, and it always seems like it's kind of a cop-out, maybe, because it seems like a minor detail to some people. But I think it's hugely important.''' ,'''Motherhood is like a big sleeping bag of guilt.''' ,'''I am very rewarded and challenged in front of the camera.''' ,]
+++