+++
author = "J. J. Cale"
title = "J. J. Cale Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 J. J. Cale Quotes"
keywords = "j. j. cale,j. j. cale quotes,j. j. cale quote,j. j. cale sayings,j. j. cale saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was an engineer for a long time. I was a sideman guitar player.''' ,'''I try and manufacture recordings to sound spontaneous. Then, some things are spontaneous.''' ,'''I ain't got much to say.''' ,'''As the years went by and technology came in, I used a lot of technology.''' ,'''I always wrote for musicians, especially guitarists. I write songs that people who aren't great virtuosos can play.''' ,'''The music is the same if you go all the way back to the first albums I made or the middle or whatever. The thing that's different is the lyrics.''' ,'''I generally, you know, I don't - I don't really scat. I'm - I'm basically a songwriter so you need a little lyrics that rhyme and stuff.''' ,'''I've always tried to come up with something that would catch your ear.''' ,'''Sometimes the simplest forms of music are the hardest to play. Especially for musicians that are accomplished.''' ,'''When you get successful, the money comes in and pretty soon you've got to hire an accountant, you've got to get up early, and then you've got a day job.''' ,'''Playing out in a band all the time at least you made money. Even if you have a hit song, it takes about two years to pay.''' ,'''Music is a kind of magical thing, and you can't make magic every time, but you try. Every once in a while it has that magic, and the audience knows that. I probably miss it more than I hit it, but I think that's what all musicians try for.''' ,'''I guess if I'd have more of a producer attitude, maybe I'd sell more records. But I'm basically a songwriter.''' ,'''What my whole object was is not to really sell records. I was trying to sell songs.''' ,'''I've never sold a lot of records.''' ,'''That's one of the problems in being a songwriter and living a long time. What you eventually end up doing is you start imitating yourself.''' ,'''Yes, I've been down the pike and back. And through the years, I've heard different songs with scatting in it, and it was - always cracked me up as kind of a funny style of music, you know? When I did it, it kind of cracked me up as a comedy kind of routine.''' ,'''Where I grew up in Tulsa, Oklahoma, it wasn't the south-east and it wasn't the deep south and it wasn't quite the south-west either.''' ,'''That's the nice thing about songwriting: You don't have to punch a clock or be in a specific place to do it. There's really a lot of freedom to it.''' ,'''Sometimes I make up songs, and they're just strictly fiction. Other times, I draw on things that have happened in my life or friends, women, all sorts of things.''' ,'''I'm basically a songwriter, man. Songwriters are down in the fine print, you know? And I really enjoy that.''' ,'''I didn't really get any success till I was 30 years old. I played music when I was young fella, but I didn't really get any success till I was about 30 years old.''' ,'''We used to say when we were 20 years old, that when you reach 30, you gotta hang up your guitar and get a real job.''' ,'''I'd like to have the fortune, but I don't care too much about the fame.''' ,'''I'm an electronic manipulator. Most people think J.J. Cale, he's organic. There ain't nothing organic about me.''' ,'''I just play my guitar and push my songs and I'd like to keep it quiet.''' ,'''People are familiar with my songs, especially through Eric Clapton. But I have a hard time drawing a crowd, because I have been a songwriter.''' ,'''There's a couple of songs of my own I wished I'd have never put out, that, you know, I'd like to burn. But with the advent of digital and computer, nothing goes away any more, you know.''' ,'''I tried to play anything people would hire me to play, because I was a musician.''' ,'''I played a lot of nightclubs in and around Tulsa till I was about 22, 24 years old, then I started travellin' around.''' ,'''No. 1, I'm a songwriter, and I don't really get out and tour.''' ,'''I sure love to write songs, but I'm not so sure of my voice.''' ,'''If I was strictly an artist, I'd have to learn to dance and get a shiny suit and stuff.''' ,'''Oil was the big business in Tulsa and there was quite a bit of nightlife for a small town. You could never make any money, but you could always find a place to play.''' ,'''I basically make my living writing songs, so I've been able to go around in my trailer. If I got tired of a place, I could move on and roam around. It's a nice environment for writing songs, as opposed to sitting at a recording studio console all day.''' ,'''I would never ever sing at all if I could get away with it. I had pitch problems, no range. So what I did was manipulate the sound... that way you couldn't tell that I wasn't very good.''' ,'''I was a studio engineer out in L.A. for about six or seven years, and I played sideman for different people, and played in bar bands. I was an old man of 32 when I made my first album.''' ,'''I didn't have a phone there for about 10 years.''' ,'''All artists are redundant about their own style; they can't escape themselves.''' ,'''You know, I write songs, I repair guitars.''' ,'''I cut all my early records in Nashville, so I guess that makes me country. I call it country pop, but my love of the blues is in there, too.''' ,'''People have heard my music, but all my famous songs were made famous by somebody else... But that was my goal.''' ,'''That's kinda what happened to me: I listened to jazz, country, R&B, rock 'n' roll. And when I sat down to write a song, I had all these influences comin' through.''' ,'''All my music sounds the same to me.''' ,'''Nobody really produces my albums.''' ,'''My performing and my singing leave much to be desired, but having other people record my songs is the most flattering thing that can happen.''' ,'''I'm not a household name.''' ,'''I think it goes back to me being a recording mixer and engineer. Because of all the technology now you can make music yourself and a lot of people are doing that now. I started out doing that a long time ago and I found when I did that I came up with a unique sound.''' ,'''Working in bars back then, in the '50s, to get a job you had to play all kinds of music. There'd be customers come in and yell jazz tunes at you and yell rock 'n' roll tunes at you and polkas and rhythm and blues and country music.''' ,'''Songwriting is just like any other kind of writing - it's either fiction or nonfiction. You can even get into philosophy and politics, which I've done on occasion.''' ,'''A lot of people are coming down on people taking old rock 'n' roll songs and making commercials out of them, but from a songwriter's standpoint, I don't mind because it helps pay my rent.''' ,'''You never know how people are going to find songs for their records. Sometimes people will hear songs on someone else's record and really like 'em.''' ,'''I rarely have any contact with the artists who cover my songs.''' ,'''Yeah, Lynyrd Skynyrd, I knew all them guys.''' ,'''I stopped a lot of people who wanted to shove me into the real big time. Your ego wants to say, 'Hey, I'm somebody, man,' but I knew there were many days when I just wanted to be John Cale.''' ,'''Makin' records is one art form and playin' live is another. It's like the difference between makin' a movie and doin' theatre.''' ,'''I've always enjoyed being a Gypsy.''' ,'''I've stolen licks from just about every person that ever picked up a guitar. We all borrow from one another; it's called legitimate stealing.''' ,'''From the first album I'm playing bass on a lot of the tunes, and piano on a lot of 'em, and drums, and guitars. I did that on almost every album.''' ,'''On the 'Escondido' album, I think it took us a month to make that album.''' ,'''My music's gotten much more famous than me.''' ,'''I make my living writing songs and, you know, I'm not a show biz kind of guy.''' ,'''Ask any guitar player - it's hard to feed yourself when you're picking for a living.''' ,'''I'd do the blues all the time if I could, that's what I'm into. But people just don't like to hear it.''' ,'''I was mainly a songwriter; I really wasn't much of a performer.''' ,'''Oh, I'm not a very good singer, and that's 'cause I was always embarrassed about my singing.''' ,'''Widespread Panic discovered a couple of my songs and started doin' 'em on the gigs. They'd take a song and expand it and everybody plays a long time and people really like that. But I made my living as a songwriter so I try to get to singin' and get it over with.''' ,'''I love the rabbits and the squirrels and the birds.''' ,'''I wanted to be able to play music, and then when I went out in my private life, my personal life, I didn't want to be famous.''' ,'''When they say, 'Well, you gotta do some interviews on TV,' I went, 'Oh, I like to watch TV, but I don't wanna be on it.'''' ,'''I'd say writing songs is, for me, as much playing the tape recorder as it is playing guitar or writing words.''' ,'''I'm a background person.''' ,'''I'm so old, I can remember before rock 'n' roll come along.''' ,'''So, my records really didn't sell, but musicians started picking up on my sound and my songs and cutting my songs and that turned into a gold mine.''' ,'''When I sit down and play the guitar, I'm 20 years old again.''' ,'''I'm a great believer in freedom of speech.''' ,'''All record companies want big-selling records, and my music is a little too raw for commercial success.''' ,'''There are entertainers and there are musicians, and I never was an entertainer.''' ,'''I was kind of a sideman. Then I became kind of a singer-songwriter.''' ,'''What's really nice is when you get a check in the mail.''' ,'''I sing and play guitar, but songwriting is how I pay my rent. And so I didn't really need a lot of publicity to get people to record the songs.''' ,'''Clapton was just picking up ideas. He picked up some of mine like I picked up some from the people before me.''' ,'''I figure that most people will remember me for the songs I wrote.''' ,'''Probably the only thing that I really don't like about being an old guy is so many of the people who understand what we know are gone.''' ,'''Send me the money and let the younger guys have the fame.''' ,'''I've always enjoyed playing. If all it meant were to just stand there and play my axe and sing, I could have gone on forever.''' ,'''I was a late bloomer in the music business.''' ,'''People said my records were 'funky' and 'muddy,' but the truth is they were just demos.''' ,'''I remember when I made my first album, I was 32 or 33 years old and I thought I was way too old then.''' ,'''I consider myself a songwriter... I guess the business end is my songs and the fun part is playing the guitar.''' ,'''Everybody lives in a city, cause there's not too many people in the small towns who can find work.''' ,'''If a guy came up and said 'we got a polka band and we're going to play polkas next Saturday night' I'd play polkas.''' ,'''When Eric Clapton cut 'After Midnight,' he sold so many records and it was so big at the time, I decided that I would pursue the songwriting thing. I was 34 years old at that time. I'd been down the pike and back before I had any success at all.''' ,'''Basically, I'm just a guitar player that figured out I wasn't ever gonna be able to buy dinner with my guitar playing. So I got into songwriting, which is a little more profitable business.''' ,'''The only albums that I have personally named were 'number 5,' 'number 8' and 'number 10.'''' ,'''If you write songs long enough, you run out of material that's original to yourself.''' ,'''I'm a recording studio guy, an engineer, a songwriter and a guitar player, in that order.''' ,'''I'm always doing something that ain't happening, and I'm always happening when there ain't nothing going on.''' ,'''You don't really need a lot of hype and to be famous to sell songs.''' ,]
+++