+++
author = "Michelle Williams"
title = "Michelle Williams Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Michelle Williams Quotes"
keywords = "michelle williams,michelle williams quotes,michelle williams quote,michelle williams sayings,michelle williams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Listen, I've always been very headstrong.''' ,'''I find that each job that I do, the thing that gets me there is when I'm not smarter than it, when I don't know instantly how that thing is made. Because if I do, then it's boring. Or it would be simple.''' ,'''I did find my direction at an early age.''' ,'''I had always been kind of obsessed with making a home of my own and was always drawing rooms that I wanted to live in, down to pictures on the wall and the faces that would be in the photographs, and how the couches would be situated.''' ,'''I experienced a lot of loss after his death. I lost my city because of all the paparazzi descending upon us. I actually lost my journal during that time, oddly enough. I literally couldn't hold on to anything.''' ,'''And I think my daughter knows now that our life is split in two. Half of the year is spent with Mommy working and the other is spent with no work in sight.''' ,'''Whatever education I got was from experience and reading. But I also realize I wouldn't pass my friend's sixth-grade class.''' ,'''I'm very conscious of the fact that when I'm working, my daughter is not with one of her parents.''' ,'''Every movie I make I find kind of excruciating. I get a lot back from it, but I feel like I'm kind of always working at the edge of my ability. I guess that's what I'm looking for when I go to work. I am trying to become the edge.''' ,'''The possibilities are endless for me - Broadway, TV, music and film.''' ,'''I don't think things through very often - I don't project into the future about how a situation will turn out.''' ,'''I don't know what 15-year-old doesn't have a desire to separate themselves from their parents and prove their independence.''' ,'''I started acting as a child in Community Theatre but I didn't do any serious stuff. It was all musicals like 'Annie' and 'Wizard of Oz.' I was always in the chorus.''' ,'''I'm not going to rush anything and scamper around like a mad person and make myself crazy.''' ,'''It felt as if things were literally slipping through my fingers. Things were just streaming away from me. I lost my sense of humor. I'm still looking for that.''' ,'''I am a huge Leonard Cohen person.''' ,'''When I was filming the Marilyn Monroe movie, I was listening to a lot of Leonard Cohen.''' ,'''Grief is like a moving river, so that's what I mean by it's always changing. It's a strange thing to say because I'm at heart an optimistic person, but I would say in some ways it just gets worse. It's just that the more time that passes, the more you miss someone.''' ,'''An interview is like a minefield.''' ,'''Is there anything better than making a kid laugh?''' ,'''Maybe it has something to do with turning 30. I don't feel as shy or nervous or self-conscious. I have more confidence that I can handle what life brings me. I don't feel scared to have an idea and express it.''' ,'''Oh, Zoe Kazan - I'd move back to Brooklyn for her. She makes me happy with my life. Knowing her, being at her dinner table, going on a walk with her is the best of all possible worlds.''' ,'''One of the best things - and something I'm grateful for every time I walk onto a film set - is my six and a half years on Dawson's Creek and the experience it afforded me in how to get comfortable with the camera.''' ,'''For me, relationships are the real action movies. Bombs are exploding every day and the kitchen is Ground Zero.''' ,'''When my daughter asks, 'What do you do?', every movie I have a different answer. As she grows, she wants more explanations.''' ,'''I love domestic life.''' ,'''I'm not lonely, and I think that has a lot to do with what's on my bedside table rather than what's in my bed.''' ,'''I've come to learn that the choices I labor over and go back and forth about and ask a million people for their opinions and make lists about... those are always the wrong choices.''' ,'''I'm not a happy person when I'm working.''' ,'''I'm not making any bets on the future.''' ,'''I mean, I am still such the-good-girl. I want everybody to like me. I want everybody to be happy.''' ,'''I'm Norwegian.''' ,'''I don't believe that life is linear. I think of it as circles - concentric circles that connect.''' ,'''The idea that you can get everything you want in one person is destructive, and maybe when you accept that the number is closer to 50 or 60 or 70 percent, that's when you can start to make some progress in choosing the right person.''' ,'''I like to do weird things in the shower, like drink my coffee, brush my teeth and drink a smoothie. It's good time management.''' ,'''Even the simplest things, I'm guilty of making really bad decisions a lot of the time.''' ,'''When you're in a relationship with somebody who is also a public personality, then it doubles the attention from the media.''' ,'''It's all so personal, isn't it? It's hard to talk about work without talking about things that are personal. Work is personal. I don't want to talk about my personal life, but it's on my mind, and it's in my work.''' ,'''I was born with a fierce need for independence.''' ,'''Everything's connected, and everything has meaning if you look for it.''' ,'''I don't know what my version of a relationship or marriage is yet, because the typical model seems a little broken to me.''' ,'''I want a happy life.''' ,]
+++