+++
author = "Charlamagne Tha God"
title = "Charlamagne Tha God Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Charlamagne Tha God Quotes"
keywords = "charlamagne tha god,charlamagne tha god quotes,charlamagne tha god quote,charlamagne tha god sayings,charlamagne tha god saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I have anxiety attacks, I always think I'm having a heart attack.''' ,'''Trump bumper sticker is the new Confederate flag. Absolutely. All Donald Trump is doing is making America hate again.''' ,'''Being gay is not a crime.''' ,'''I feel like we're in the era now where politics is pop culture. Everybody has an opinion that's politically based. We see what the Trump administration has done, and I've never seen my culture this engaged in the political process.''' ,'''I grew up in a rural area. Books are what helped me transcend my circumstances.''' ,'''Early in my career, I was only being dissed by Chingy. Now, I'm being dissed by Eminem. Life is great.''' ,'''Real men know how to move as real men. Real men won't allow themselves to be disrespected. Real men aren't punks.''' ,'''If it's one entity you don't want no drama with in this era, it's black women.''' ,'''It's always cool when you get immortalized on records. I am just happy that I have gotten to the level where rappers who can actually rap say my name in records, regardless if it's a diss or not.''' ,'''I'm a big believer in evolution, growth, and in being the best you that you can be, and I feel like the first step to doing that is getting mentally healthy.''' ,'''Black people are the only ones told to love our oppressors. I hate that. We've been loving our oppressors for a long time, and nothing has changed - that love has to be reciprocated.''' ,'''My father, Larry McKelvey, he was the man in Moncks Corner. He ran illegal nightclubs where everyone went, ran around in red leather pants, claimed he partied with Rick James. If you needed anything in Moncks Corner, you saw Larry McKelvey.''' ,'''I learned that every conversation shouldn't be had via social media.''' ,'''You have to grow and evolve and look towards the future.''' ,'''When it's the funeral scene of 'My Girl,' and Thomas is in the casket, and the young lady is screaming that he can't see without his glasses, you can absolutely, absolutely cry. Perfectly big, crazy tears all over your shirt, into the arms of others.''' ,'''There's nothing like seeing your floor clear because you organized and cleared the space of all that clutter. That's how I feel when I go to my therapist.''' ,'''I bet you my body is three-quarters Red Bull.''' ,'''When I'm sitting around, I'm thinking about how I can make my next professional career move, but more than anything, I'm thinking about the meaning of life and how fleeting it is.''' ,'''You have to empower yourself.''' ,'''I don't know how me having a conversation with Tomi Lahren all of a sudden turned into me hating black women.''' ,'''I think Post Malone makes great records, but I don't think he's a good rapper at all.''' ,'''Rappers have traditionally put products in songs, and it's been products that don't put anything back into our community.''' ,'''I learn something new from everyone I interview.''' ,'''I always felt like, when you're lying, you're kind of pretending to be something you're not.''' ,'''I'm a Remy Martin guy. I like Remy and Coke, and I like the white Remy V with pineapple. I'm an equal-opportunity Remy drinker.''' ,'''When I started talking to my therapist, we hit the source of my PTSD and the trauma that came from the things that occurred when I was younger - issues with my father and how that may have affected me.''' ,'''I realized that therapy helps me explain what I'm feeling better.''' ,'''We don't have to treat homosexuals like they are aliens living amongst us. They are regular people.''' ,'''I think everybody has the right to be who they are and not be chastised.''' ,'''I come from an era of black pride, black power, my father riding around listening to James Brown singing, 'Say it loud: I'm black and I'm proud,' and people walking around with African medallions and Malcolm X hats.''' ,'''The thing with racism is it's rare you can really prove racism.''' ,'''I basically got into the radio game 'cause I was looking to do something positive with my life.''' ,'''When I saw the rise of the anti-Christ Donald Trump, I was like, 'Hell no.' We can't be in a country where we love celebrities so much that we let the executive producer of 'Celebrity Apprentice' become the GOP nominee.''' ,'''If something is on my mind, I've got to get it out. I can't front, for lack of a better term.''' ,'''I'm a slightly obnoxious person.''' ,'''Rational anxiety is when you're aware of the source of your anxiety. Like, if I have to host an award show or talk to millions of people on the radio, I'm going to feel anxious, and I know why. Irrational anxiety is when I'm leaving CVS, and there's a car behind me, and I'm wondering if he's following me home.''' ,'''I pride myself on being the nicest person in the room or being the nicest person to people.''' ,'''I think black men especially should go to therapy and seek out mental help, because we need it. Even if you don't think you need it, we need it.''' ,'''That's the beauty of America - the fact that all of us can be anything we want to be if we put in the work.''' ,'''All I have are my experiences, and I like to share my experiences to see if people could learn from them.''' ,'''I ain't got no rhythm.''' ,'''With the success of 'Black Privilege,' of course, the book publishers wanted me to come with another book immediately. They came with the check, but I don't do things for money.''' ,'''I go to a therapist every week.''' ,'''Kanye West does not represent all black people.''' ,'''I don't want any of my sisters to be like Tomi Lahren. You all are smarter, sharper, more articulate, brilliant, so why would I want y'all to be like her?''' ,'''There's nothing that makes me feel better than being on these mainstream shows, whether it's 'The View,' 'Colbert' or whatever, and saying, 'It's a privilege to be black.' Oh, I love that.''' ,'''I don't understand why brothers can't understand the fact, or even just accept the fact, you can still be a man without having to commit crimes.''' ,'''We're special because God created us, and that goes for any race.''' ,'''Anybody who knows me knows I'm a Marvel fanatic. I have Wolverine tatted on my right arm.''' ,'''Your passion is that one thing you can't stop thinking about, that thing you wake up thinking about in the morning, go to sleep thinking about at night, that thing that you would do for free!''' ,'''I am definitely not sitting down with Jason Whitlock because I don't think he is willing to learn. He is fat and 50. There ain't no changing the mind of a fat, 50-year-old person.''' ,'''When you're looking for good lyrics, you turn to Kendrick Lamar, you turn to J Cole, you turn to Wale, you turn to Chance the Rapper, you turn to Rapsody. You don't turn to Post Malone.''' ,'''God gave you the privilege of this thing called life, so regardless of what this society tells you that you can't do and what you don't have to, understand you lack nothing. God gave you everything you need to succeed.''' ,'''In America, a black man has to feel like he's God just to make it a little bit when white people can just feel human. They can just be themselves, but for me, I feel we have to start instilling that back into our people. That pride. That black power. That privilege to be alive.''' ,'''I love when white people use their privilege to combat prejudice.''' ,'''Everything starts with a thought. Your thoughts become things, and anything that your mind can conceive, you can achieve.''' ,'''I have had anxiety literally my whole life.''' ,'''America used to say that hip-hop was a cancer. Then it embraced that cancer and realized, 'Hey, this isn't a bad thing. It is part of us, just more America.'''' ,'''My job is to benefit the listeners first and foremost, entertain the listeners first and foremost, and to get ratings. You can't get ratings without listeners. So I wanna do things that the listeners enjoy, even though you may hate me for it or you may love me for that.''' ,''''Stans' can not see anything wrong with their favorite artist. They love everything they do. If the artist fart, they're like, 'OMG, that was the best-sounding fart I ever heard in my life. She farted on beat,' whatever. I'm an 'objective fan,' so I can give my opinion about things.''' ,'''You have to learn to have discourse with people you don't necessarily agree with.''' ,'''I think, in a lot of ways, Kanye's superpower is his weakness - if you tell him he can't do something, he's going to go hard at it.''' ,'''People still knew me as Charles, so when I came across Charlemagne in a history book, that sounded good: Charles the Great, a warrior who used his power to spread religion and education. He was the head of the Carolingian dynasty, and with me being from South Carolina, that clicked.''' ,'''I hate prejudice on any level. I don't care if it's somebody being discriminated against because of the color of their skin or their sexuality or their gender or financial status.''' ,'''I've been doing radio since I was 18, and I've been unemployed four times from radio for various reasons.''' ,'''I feel and take in people's energy. Sometimes, I feel the pain of other people.''' ,'''The majority of my problems stem from other people's issues, but when you're a leader or somebody that people look to for guidance or to be a shoulder to lean on, you got to be strong enough to hold all that weight.''' ,'''I don't want to be the guy who's 50-something years old sitting in front of a microphone with my beard dyed black and my hat on backwards, yo-yo-yoing.''' ,'''I don't mind have an uncomfortable conversation if those uncomfortable conversations can lead to a bigger dialogue and help us get to a better understanding of whatever it is we are discussing.''' ,'''That's what people don't understand: whatever you do in life, you have to be consistent at it because that's when you'll reap the rewards from it.''' ,'''Me and Kanye have a relationship - not as close as him and Trump, but we have a relationship.''' ,'''If stop-and-frisk was a fair and balanced practice that targeted everybody equally across the board, then I could understand the extra precautions being taken, but since it's a practice that targets blacks and Hispanics and gives the police the right to lawfully profile us, I'm not with it.''' ,'''If I was a white rapper, the bar for me would be Eminem. Of course his white skin helped him excel to heights that a lot of other rappers couldn't, but he still was talented. People gravitated towards him because of his skills. He stood the test of time.''' ,'''Live TV is no joke.''' ,'''I don't even think jail helps Gucci Mane. It clearly doesn't.''' ,'''I felt like people who had a lost mindset or who occasionally did stupid things were having a 'donkey' moment, or some of them are permanent donkeys, so I just started calling them donkeys. So when I went to Philly to do my own morning show, that's when I first started doing 'Donkey of the Day.'''' ,'''I think forgiveness is overrated, personally, because some things people do are unforgivable.''' ,'''Being morally honest means sitting down and actually listening to a person and understanding where they're coming from.''' ,'''Every musician that dies is the greatest ever when they die. I never heard a David Bowie record in my life. But for whatever reason, he's one of the greatest of all time now. You know why? 'Cause he's dead.''' ,'''I think social media is painting an unattainable picture of perfection.''' ,'''Kanye is always going to be Kanye. He is always going to be outspoken. He's always going to say exactly how he feels.''' ,'''I like New York, man - I ain't gonna front. The only thing I probably don't like about New York is that, coming from the South, people aren't hospitable. You tell somebody 'Hi,' and they look at you like you're out your freaking mind.''' ,'''I'm black, and I don't support Donald Trump in any way, shape, or form.''' ,'''My thoughts on Eminem have always been that he is one of the greatest lyricists ever. I've never been a fan because I can't relate to a lot of his world views and experiences, but I acknowledge that he's one of the greatest MCs.''' ,'''I'm just a brother trying to figure it all out.''' ,'''One day, I got beat up, and my glasses, which were crooked already, got shattered on the ground. That's when I said, 'Okay, enough.' I became like Batman. I decided to thug myself out, all the way.''' ,'''If you're family to me, you're gonna always be family to me.''' ,'''I just remember saying to myself, 'I want to be a super jock.' I don't want to be just some radio personality in some town somewhere doing the time and temperature and the latest song.''' ,'''We honestly shouldn't be paying attention to nothing Kanye West says until he actually goes out there and gets the help we all think he needs. That's what keeps these stigmas about mental health and everything going - we act like it's a joke.''' ,'''Self-help is something that I've always been into. I thought I was going to be a psychiatrist.''' ,'''Honesty is a foundation, and it's usually a solid foundation. Even if I do get in trouble for what I said, it's something that I can stand on.''' ,'''It's a privilege and honor to write and star in my own comic. I can officially cross that off the bucket list!''' ,'''One thing I'm not doing in my older age is explaining myself to culturally clueless white people.''' ,'''Best way to measure your passion is simply asking would you do it for free? If money is your motivation, then it's not really your passion.''' ,'''If you live for the compliments, you'll die by the criticism.''' ,'''If I see a police officer behind me, and I can pull over into, like, a shopping center or something, I do it.''' ,'''Contrary to popular belief, all I want to do is empower people.''' ,'''Be nice to everyone you meet, including janitors, receptionists, and everyone.''' ,]
+++