+++
author = "Andrew Gower"
title = "Andrew Gower Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Andrew Gower Quotes"
keywords = "andrew gower,andrew gower quotes,andrew gower quote,andrew gower sayings,andrew gower saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you are playing somebody who did exist, and there is good source material on them, whether it is a biography or archives or experts, you would be stupid not to delve into them. But there is a point in the process where you leave the books alone, and instead, you focus on the script and creating your version.''' ,'''I have absolutely no preference on TV or stage. Every job I take or that I audition for all comes down to the quality of the script.''' ,'''My first professional job was a Pete Bowker series for ITV called 'Monroe.' I played a Junior Cardiac Surgeon called Mullery.''' ,'''I trained at the Oxford School of Drama.''' ,'''My tips for any budding actors would be to go out and see as much as you possibly can. Find the people you want to work with and be ready to hopefully make them want to work with you.''' ,'''I didn't need tempting back to the theatre. It's always been something I'd wanted to do again and again and again, but with every job, you can only take what's in front of you or what's offered.''' ,'''We looked at Ian Curtis from the band Joy Division. He was a very ultra cool, non-expressive character. Cutler is confident, but people sometimes mask their insecurities with confidence.''' ,'''Orwell had a very accurate foresight of today's dystopian world we live in. If only he was around to see it.''' ,'''Yes, both 'Being Human' and 'Outlander' are known for their loyal fanbases. The beauty of both of those jobs was that the characters were very removed from me. So I've been lucky to get off scot-free, without any strange encounters. The wigs, blood, and strange onscreen faces/voices - they haven't found their way into my day-to-day life. Yet.''' ,'''I don't mind beetroot on a plate. I don't mind it with part of a dinner. But it's not my choice to drink out of a cup.''' ,'''I am quite happy that I can still walk down the street every day in a pair of jogging bottoms and my woolly hat, and no one knows who I am. That's nice.''' ,'''Dream projects are always a funny thing to label. I guess just more exciting scripts in my inbox. Maybe an exciting script about John Lennon.''' ,]
+++