+++
author = "Rod Stewart"
title = "Rod Stewart Quotes"
quotes_len = "116"
description = "the best 116 Rod Stewart Quotes"
keywords = "rod stewart,rod stewart quotes,rod stewart quote,rod stewart sayings,rod stewart saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a voice coach, but only in so much as to make my voice stronger so I can sing for five nights a week, two hours.''' ,'''I see myself at 7:30 in the morning and it's not too pretty.''' ,'''You shouldn't be in the music business if you're posing.''' ,'''I've always been able to get inside a song really easily, and if it's my song, I can make it seem honest.''' ,'''As you get older, your metabolism slows down. You've got to admit it. It's nothing to be ashamed of if you have lived your life to the full.''' ,'''I have a CBE, and I accepted it with glee because it's not bestowed on you by the royal family; it's not bestowed on you by the government; you have to be nominated by the public.''' ,'''You know, I had no trouble with the girls.''' ,'''Surely if God had meant us to do yoga, he would have put our heads behind our knees.''' ,'''The first cut is the deepest.''' ,'''I hated singing and getting up in front of crowds.''' ,'''I'm shrewd about money; I invest well and look after it. But it's in my nature to be generous. I look after people.''' ,'''Obviously, I haven't really progressed that much at my craft.''' ,'''My life has been an open book, really. Everybody knows everything about me.''' ,'''How can my son not be straight after all I've said and done for him?''' ,'''Listen, if my career was to end tomorrow, I would have no complaints whatsoever.''' ,'''I wish I knew what I know now before.''' ,'''My dad bought me a guitar and people would ask me to play.''' ,'''I've got Ferraris coming out me bum.''' ,'''Between 21-30 women go through humungous changes. After that, they've generally achieved what they wanted, and they're more settled.''' ,'''I tried therapy. This had never appealed to me. For me, it was a bit like a Chinese meal: very filling at the time, but then an hour later you're hungry again.''' ,'''I have a very lively and colourful show. It's two hours of hits and the music speaks for itself.''' ,'''I've always been worried about the band but I've got to the point now where I think it's time to start thinking about myself a bit more.''' ,'''I was very fortunate that I saved my money and I still do.''' ,'''I've been out with some extremely beautiful women who have had no sex appeal whatsoever. It really is a lot more than skin deep.''' ,'''Women like being kissed.''' ,'''I had this little handheld transistor radio that I used to sleep next to.''' ,'''You can be with one of the most beautiful women in the world and still be unhappy.''' ,'''I can definitely say the older I've got the better I've become at being a dad and a husband.''' ,'''You've got to have this burning desire in your chest to succeed.''' ,'''I enjoyed the chase.''' ,'''If there's one thing I've learned about women, which I try to pass on to my boys, it's listening. Listen to the other side of the story first.''' ,'''I had this almost Dickensian look. I was quite fragile.''' ,'''My father, being a Scotsman, taught me to look after finances. I'm shrewd. Some people may call me tight.''' ,'''Although I'm living in California, I'm very proud to be British.''' ,'''It has gone past me now, the writing phase.''' ,'''I do take a lot of pride in my look and I work out - do work out a lot.''' ,'''Only a fool permits the letter of the law to override the spirit in the heart. Do not let a piece of paper stand in the way of true love and headlines.''' ,'''I'm not a great lover of Madonna's voice. She's done very well with what she's got, and I'm sure my voice turns her right off, but she's not my favourite singer.''' ,'''I have lived a great life. I am very happy.''' ,'''Everybody sings from their diaphragm.''' ,'''My big brother still thinks he's a better singer than me.''' ,'''Well, I have a CBE and I accepted it with glee because it's not bestowed on you by the royal family, it's not bestowed on you by the government, you have to be nominated by the public.''' ,'''I am a man of contradictions, I suppose.''' ,'''I'm a gentleman.''' ,'''Fast cars like Porsches and Ferraris - they are things of beauty.''' ,'''I'm proud to be a railway modeler. It means more to me to be on the cover of Model Railroader than to be on the cover of a music magazine.''' ,'''There's nobody I look up to, really.''' ,'''At my age you don't go into fatherhood lightly.''' ,'''I've been a golden boy for too long.''' ,'''Songwriting's never been a natural art for me; it's always been a bit of a struggle.''' ,'''My musical taste has always been wide. I started out as a folky before I moved on to blues and soul.''' ,'''You learn a lot about yourself doing physical work.''' ,'''I became famous, I think, really because of the interpretation of other people's songs, way back when, and that's what I enjoy the most. And I'm a lazy bugger.''' ,'''I'm very proud of my well-earned wrinkles, so show 'em.''' ,'''I never feel any aggravation from the public.''' ,'''I've still got a brilliant head of hair, which refuses to lay down!''' ,'''I've tried many other hairstyles, but it just doesn't work.''' ,'''I love what I do.''' ,'''You can avoid the press if you really want to and I don't walk around with five security guards either because I think that just draws attention.''' ,'''I am somewhat on the shy side. I know people might find that hard to believe.''' ,'''I shouldn't have got married. My dad told me. I was 35 and I got married. He said, 'You're too young to be married'. 'What? I'm 35'. Said, 'You're far too young. You haven't lived yet'. He was right, bless him, thanks, Dad.''' ,'''I love change, I need it.''' ,'''I want to go out at the top, but the secret is knowing when you're at the top, it's so difficult in this business, your career fluctuates all the time, up and down, like a pair of trousers.''' ,'''Half the battle is selling music, not singing it. It's the image, not what you sing.''' ,'''I've tried to have a regular haircut, but it just pops back up again, so this is the way it's going to be.''' ,'''I always thought I was so fit.''' ,'''There is this power that comes with being famous.''' ,'''I think, with suits and clothes, if you keep them long enough, they all come back in fashion.''' ,'''Instead of getting married again, I'm going to find a woman I don't like and just give her a house.''' ,'''Brewing a good cuppa is something not everyone can do, and I loathe bad tea.''' ,'''I'll tell you what I love. Sending back bottles of wine that aren't right in restaurants in France! Whoa! I love the French, but I do find their wine snobbery something unbearable.''' ,'''I've never done anything particularly scandalous.''' ,'''I deliberate over the lyrics; I really do. I'll come up with one line in a day, and then it might be a couple of days before I come up with the rhyming line. It's never been easy for me.''' ,'''You know I think I could give a little more back to charity.''' ,'''I've always looked on myself as one of a band and never sought a solo career.''' ,'''I carry lots of guilt.''' ,'''Carrying 200 pounds of velvet and satin around a stage for 90 minutes - that's man's work, let me tell you.''' ,'''I do feel a certain love from the British public.''' ,'''I'm a rock star because I couldn't be a soccer star.''' ,'''You know, it's just my dream came true.''' ,'''I did things with the microphone stand that no-one else has attempted to do.''' ,'''I'm proud to be a railway modeler.''' ,'''I don't enjoy songwriting.''' ,'''Everybody sung in my family.''' ,'''I do my bit for charity.''' ,'''There's no reason why I should retire.''' ,'''I enjoy a glass of wine, and I love my football. I suppose it's because I'm a real working-class.''' ,'''Elvis was the king. No doubt about it. People like myself, Mick Jagger and all the others only followed in his footsteps.''' ,'''I was never a good-looking bloke. Not by a long chalk.''' ,'''Well, there's not a day goes by when I don't get up and say thank you to somebody.''' ,'''I have enough music coming out of my kids' bedrooms when I'm at home.''' ,'''Well, I've got nothing to hide. Absolutely nothing.''' ,'''I think I was always looking for that perfect woman, who obviously doesn't exist. I wanted to be married. I wanted more kids. I'm a family man, at heart.''' ,'''What I do now is all my dad's fault, because he bought me a guitar as a boy, for no apparent reason.''' ,'''I don't have any social life or anything.''' ,'''I've never been more in love with anyone nearly half my age than I am today. I'd get married in a minute if I weren't still married to somebody else.''' ,'''I started singing in the bathroom. Nothing was coming out. It was ghastly.''' ,'''You go through life wondering what is it all about but at the end of the day it's all about family.''' ,'''Even by rock star standards, I was pretty awful.''' ,'''I can't do that wonderful thing that Tom Waits and Bob Dylan do - to do imagery. I'm not good at that. I just write from the heart.''' ,'''I am passionate about football. My support for Celtic FC has got me through some hard times in my life. I still play regularly, too.''' ,'''I want to make people aware of early detection.''' ,'''Like everybody in show business, you think you're going to wake up one day, and it's all going to be taken away from you. I think we all share an insecurity in that way, everybody in show business - the ones I talk to, anyway.''' ,'''Sometimes I think the playing field is certainly not even. You know, it's just not.''' ,'''A show is like having a climax. It's like having an incredible, natural climax. And then suddenly it's all finished, and you don't know what to do next.''' ,'''Lyrics are coming to you all the time. I get inspiration in the middle of the night.''' ,'''I suppose I miss the British cynicism and the humor.''' ,'''I'm still not good at changing nappies, but I do do it.''' ,'''I was getting worried I may not become a grandfather, but the Lord has blessed me.''' ,'''You know my wife, she's 6 ft 1 she can beat anyone up.''' ,'''I'm just delighted that this woman I love can be a mum again.''' ,'''It was early detection that saved my voice - and I imagine, my life.''' ,'''I was a bit of a sleeper-inner.''' ,'''I don't think people expect Bruce Springsteen to come out in a pink satin jacket, but Rod Stewart, they do. And I like doing it; I don't wear it just because I think I have to. I'm a very flamboyant person.''' ,'''I'm not a natural songwriter.''' ,'''I got bored of not feeling affectionate towards girls.''' ,]
+++