+++
author = "Alan Ruck"
title = "Alan Ruck Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Alan Ruck Quotes"
keywords = "alan ruck,alan ruck quotes,alan ruck quote,alan ruck sayings,alan ruck saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = [''''Spin City' was a really wonderful time for me. I made friends for life on that show. I made friends with Richard Kind, Michael Boatman, Barry Bostwick, Sandy Chaplin. We're all close. It was a really wonderful time.''' ,'''When I'm doing a drama, I wish I was doing something funny. When I'm doing something funny, I wish I was doing something more serious. I think it's just human nature.''' ,'''Nobody's ever gonna accuse me of being a singer, but I can sing.''' ,'''I did a musical that I don't think anybody ever saw, called 'One Shining Moment,' and in that cast was Megan Mullally and Kevin Anderson.''' ,'''I moved from Chicago to New York in 1984 for 'Biloxi Blues.' In 1989, my wife and our then-baby daughter moved to Los Angeles to try to get in television.''' ,'''People would say, 'Boy, I really loved you in Ferris Bueller," and it would really aggravate me. I thought I was a one-trick pony, and people had seen the trick. Now that things have worked out and I've gone on to other things, I'm really pleased that people enjoy it.''' ,'''I really enjoyed multicamera comedy. You film in front of a live audience, and it's kind of the best of both worlds. It's like doing a one-act play every week, but if you screw your lines up, you get to do it over.''' ,'''I grew up in Cleveland and started doing plays in high school. And I went to the University of Illinois, and I majored in drama. And after school, I went up to Chicago, because I didn't really know anybody in New York or Los Angeles, and I knew people who were doing plays in Chicago.''' ,'''I think multicamera comedy is a much-maligned American art form.''' ,]
+++