+++
author = "Katie Cassidy"
title = "Katie Cassidy Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Katie Cassidy Quotes"
keywords = "katie cassidy,katie cassidy quotes,katie cassidy quote,katie cassidy sayings,katie cassidy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I try to keep myself in what I'm doing and focused on character stuff, as opposed to getting wrapped up in worrying or being nervous. It won't benefit me, in any way, to focus on that.''' ,'''Sure, it does help you get into a room, but at the end of the day, you have to be able to deliver, and you have to be talented, because they're not going to hire me because my dad is David Cassidy, who was famous in the '70s.''' ,'''I went to New York for Fashion Week and girls showed up waiting to see me. It's funny because there's a group of girls who I actually recognize because they always show up. It's nice and I'm like, 'Hi girls! I recognize your faces!' It's just like a feel-good experience.''' ,'''The cool thing for me, as an actor, I like to be as true and honest as possible, and I'm into real fight training.''' ,'''When I was younger, playing piano and guitar were all things that I wanted to do for a short period of time, like any kid.''' ,'''To me, giving back is so important. It makes others feel good which then in return makes me feel good.''' ,'''I wanted to make a name for myself.''' ,'''I keep a stash of Truvia packets. If I have a coffee, I want to use healthy sugar.''' ,'''I didn't meet my father until I was in the fourth grade.''' ,'''I'd like to think I'm actually a nice person in real life.''' ,'''I just love strong female characters in general, not necessarily because, 'She's evil' or 'Oh, because she's good.'''' ,'''I was in theater when I was in elementary, middle school and high school. I didn't know it would be an actual profession for me. I didn't think of it as a reality.''' ,'''My biological father and I had a really good relationship at one point. He was one of my close friends and gave me wonderful advice.''' ,'''There is definitely something that has to be said for me liking the action, Lara Croft type stuff. I really want to explore that side of me.''' ,'''I ended up meeting my manager because my sister was a receptionist at a management company. My manager is actually my same manager that I have today. That's how it started. I worked my way.''' ,'''My style during the day is very casual - boyfriend jeans, T-shirts, Converse, Uggs, whatever. At night, I love heels and thigh-highs, I like something fresh and new, and I'm not afraid to push the envelope.''' ,'''When you're actually talented, and you have something to offer, people start to look at you for you as opposed to who you're the offspring of. I feel like a lot of actors, artists, or musicians who come from famous fathers or mothers all deal with the same thing.''' ,'''David Cassidy is my father, yes... But for me, it was always really important with acting to stay in class, study it, and earn it on my own. My dad didn't help me.''' ,'''Greg Berlanti, David Nutter, Andrew Kreisberg and Marc Guggenheim are the people I wanted to work with. They're smart, they're funny, they're cool, they're edgy.''' ,'''Yes, of course it's fun to play evil, but it's simply fun to play any different characters.''' ,'''I feel like, in acting classes, you'll get up sometimes; that's just the most vulnerable position you can be in. You're among your fellow actors, yet they look at you, and they're like, 'You've been on TV. You've been in movies.' It almost adds to the pressure.''' ,'''I actually had to start from nothing and build my own way out of it by making financial goals... It's been an interesting journey but one I can relate to in terms of struggling.''' ,'''I really want to do comedy.''' ,'''I was so nervous when I moved out at 18. I had a couple thousand dollars to my name. I remember it was all trial and error for me. I had to figure it all out on my own.''' ,'''I remember I had to go and ask my mom for groceries sometimes because I wasn't the best person with budgeting. I had to learn the hard way, but you live and learn. It builds character and strength.''' ,'''For me, I just like to be as fun as possible, but I do like to bring a lot to a character. Given the script or the show, I know my boundaries, limits, and how far I can go with it.''' ,'''For me, as an actor, with any character I'm playing, wardrobe brings a whole other aspect. Once I have the clothing on, it helps the transformation.''' ,'''It is really scary. I think it's a natural feeling to have nerves when it comes to a wedding.''' ,'''I loved being on stage. I was in elementary school when I started, so I couldn't say that it was about the building of characters.''' ,'''I was a freshman and auditioned for the school play. Freshmen usually never got cast. I was the first freshman to be actually given a legitimate part and it was that feeling of 'Wow! I broke the system!'''' ,'''Physically, I'm trying to get in the best shape possible.''' ,'''I keep my key chain simple because I'm a big believer in luck. And I've heard that having lots of things on it is too much baggage.''' ,'''My dad was a wonderful, wonderful person. Sadly, he had some demons. There is a silver lining in all of that. You live and learn, and it has brought my family closer together, so I'm grateful for that.''' ,'''I try mainly to just focus on character and what my character's point of view is, with each person, and try to figure out story.''' ,'''I always mix it up. I do everything from yoga to running - StairMaster does wonders for your butt, ladies!''' ,'''Attending ComicCon for 'Arrow' was so much fun! Seeing the fans excited gets me excited and feels really good.''' ,'''I love heels... whoever created heels is amazing!''' ,'''It's nice when your dad can be your friend.''' ,'''I do enjoy doing both film and television.''' ,'''My hair's been every color. My hair's been all over the map.''' ,'''I've had such an incredible arc, so it made sense to me, creatively, that we've told Laurel's story. It has come to an end in the 'Arrow'-verse.''' ,'''I think everyone has different challenges as a young actress in Hollywood.''' ,'''I really liked New York City.''' ,]
+++