+++
author = "Carey Price"
title = "Carey Price Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Carey Price Quotes"
keywords = "carey price,carey price quotes,carey price quote,carey price sayings,carey price saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As my career progresses, as I get older, I'd like to start lightening up a little, maybe toward 215 or 212.''' ,'''I'm a pretty big fella and I can handle myself.''' ,'''As you get older - I'm not old, but 29 is relative in goalie years - you like to see your number of games taper down a little bit so you are fresher for playoffs.''' ,'''I've seen a lot of instances where maybe one guy was wearing the 'C' and maybe wasn't as vocal as some other guys in the room.''' ,'''When you do make a coaching change, it obviously does shake up everybody, it makes you wonder where you stand in the lineup.''' ,'''I keep pushing my limits, especially since I started training in full equipment.''' ,'''People would say it's very improbable that I'd make it to this point in my life. I made it here because I wasn't discouraged. I worked hard to get here, took advantage of every opportunity that I had.''' ,'''I just go out there and play my game, try not to do too much.''' ,'''Regardless of what the score is, in any situation I just try to focus on my next shot.''' ,'''When you're warmed up and you're running on a bit of adrenalin, you don't ever feel it's as bad until you wake up the next day and everything's cooled down and you're not feeling the adrenalin anymore.''' ,'''I didn't really have an idea that Montreal was a possibility. They were pretty tough at the combine, I remember that. It was definitely the toughest interview that I had.''' ,'''I have a great dad myself and I hope to be as patient and understanding as he was with me when I was growing up.''' ,'''Yeah, I came back quickly, but I don't think me getting injured the second time necessarily was from coming back too early.''' ,'''I was pretty wild when they drafted me. I was more of a flop-around-stop-it-any-way-you-can kind of goaltender.''' ,'''Having played for Team Canada on several occasions, I know it's always fun to get together with your fellow countrymen and guys you don't always get to play with on a regular basis.''' ,'''It's important that dads take the opportunity to develop relationships with their children.''' ,'''Losing in overtime is not much fun.''' ,'''I want to spend time with my family.''' ,'''It's an honor to put on the Habs uniform and hopefully have the opportunity to play here a lot longer now. Now I can just focus on the goal of winning a Stanley Cup and I don't have to worry about re-signing every other year, so I'm looking forward to working towards our goal.''' ,'''It'd be an absolute honor to walk among my countrymen at Sochi.''' ,'''Whenever you take it into overtime, you give yourself an opportunity.''' ,'''Sometimes I think I'm put on too high a pedestal and get thrown under the bus too much.''' ,'''You have to pace yourself. Obviously, it would be nice to be on top of your game the entire season, but what I've learned during my career is that timing is everything.''' ,'''I can sway the series with outstanding play, but we're all going to have to play over our heads.''' ,'''I think a letter is more ceremonial than anything. Personally, I think it's just a reason to go talk to the referee.''' ,'''Health and safety is the biggest: being able to come to a situation where you don't have to worry about contracting COVID-19 is huge.''' ,'''For me, I'm honored to be able to wear a Canadiens uniform for the rest of my career. I can't really imagine playing for anybody else, to be honest.''' ,'''It's part of the game, there's a lot of trash talking going on. It's all part of it, they try to get you off your game.''' ,'''I typically fluctuate between 220-to-225, but I feel comfortable around 218.''' ,'''I don't even go to the grocery store anymore. I hardly do anything anymore. I'm like a hobbit in a hole. I just don't do anything anymore.''' ,'''I'm not going to cower away from anything.''' ,'''I'm immeasurably blessed to do what I do.''' ,'''I played defense at one point but my dad was a goaltender so I think that had a lot of influence on me.''' ,'''It's never been the goal for me to not play.''' ,'''I think everybody wants to try to be the best.''' ,'''My dad always told me to have a short memory, whether things are going good or bad.''' ,'''I'm going to be a new dad and that's my priority.''' ,'''And I would really like to encourage First Nations youth to be leaders in their communities.''' ,'''It's hard at times, but other times it's the most fun you're going to have I think in the entire NHL is playing well in Montreal. There's nothing that compares to it.''' ,'''I think my presence is better felt on the ice.''' ,'''It's always just one or two pieces that a team needs to really change things around.''' ,'''I think every season you try to do things that are going to improve you.''' ,'''Sometimes pucks just don't hit you.''' ,'''I didn't always want to be a goalie.''' ,'''Play in the moment. If one goes in, forget about it and get ready for the next one.''' ,'''Be proud of your heritage, and don't be discouraged from the improbable.''' ,'''You look at it every year, how many teams are in and out of the playoffs, and how close the league is, it seems like every team is not too far away.''' ,'''Yup, I have to keep focused on the process. I can't focus on the end goal.''' ,'''I've never been one to back away from a challenge.''' ,'''I still have work to do on my timing and I won't play a game unless I'm 100 per cent.''' ,'''Try and enjoy every moment that you get. Even the hard ones.''' ,'''That's one thing I miss, just being anonymous.''' ,'''A lot of guys you see go through their whole careers and not get an opportunity. I don't want to be one of those guys.''' ,'''We've got lots of time. We're not winning the Stanley Cup in the first exhibition game.''' ,'''I want the opportunity to play for a Stanley Cup, but I want to be able continue living life normally.''' ,'''Whatever organization I wound up in, I was just going to work my way up from the bottom.''' ,'''I've always just tried to stick with what works, and sometimes you go through funks - not only in just hockey but in general.''' ,'''Spending time chasing the puck around your own end isn't really a good recipe for success.''' ,'''I really just hate to lose.''' ,'''I've been doing all my progression in the gym, in a very controlled scenario. It's been a confidence booster.''' ,'''Every season is always a surprise.''' ,'''I want to represent my country.''' ,'''For myself, mentally I just needed to take a break from the game. I took a longer break than normal. Because when you play that many games, that hard, it's a grind mentally.''' ,'''The first game of the playoffs is the worst. After that, you kind of settle down.''' ,'''I think it's important for kids to find their own niche, their own hobbies or profession.''' ,'''It's definitely a commitment to go long term without seeing your children, especially for me - it's the age of their lives where they're growing so quickly.''' ,'''Obviously, in the playoffs you play through things, and that's what I wanted to do. But there's also the reality that no matter how bad you want to play and how bad you want to get in there, there's also a question of how effective you are going to be.''' ,'''I love playing hockey and I want to be out there as quickly as possible.''' ,'''I get that you have to go to the net and score goals, but if you're going to run over the goalie there should be some type of consequence.''' ,'''I find it's more stressful to watch than to play the game.''' ,'''I would love every dad to experience paternity or just time off to enjoy the special moments and build a lasting relationship with their children.''' ,'''No one's ever come up and say 'You suck' to my face. I don't think anyone would ever do that.''' ,'''It's good to see somebody step up and perform in a tough spot.''' ,'''I'm a pretty good dad.''' ,'''I have about an equal amount of optimism and pessimism.''' ,'''Obviously, a child birth is a big time in your life.''' ,'''I wasn't worried about my draft position. I was just taking it easy come, easy go.''' ,'''Having Dad there as a support system definitely makes a big difference.''' ,'''It's the NHL playoffs, I'm 20 years old, I'm finding it out the hard way that playoffs aren't easy.''' ,'''You just try to be as efficient as possible out there.''' ,'''I feel like my old self on the ice.''' ,'''In a lot of First Nations and different rural communities, kids go to school hungry.''' ,'''Whatever we put on the ice, we just need to have good performance from all the players.''' ,'''I grew up in a small town, like most Canadians.''' ,'''I have enough experience to deal with anything that being a goaltender for the Canadiens can throw at me.''' ,'''Everybody's probably had the flu before, so you kind of know it takes a couple of days to get your energy back, especially when you're playing sports.''' ,'''We'll win and lose as a team, and it's always been like that.''' ,'''For me, I just got to focus on my job. I just got to find ways to stop the puck and keep our guys in it until we bury the puck.''' ,'''I really don't think you need a letter on your jersey to be a leader on a hockey club.''' ,'''I don't have any question marks about my health or my body.''' ,'''I want to be out there playing the game I love.''' ,'''I'm not one for those motivational speeches. I've always been more of an example guy.''' ,'''To go out on the ice and do some real work, it's been really nice.''' ,'''You're going to be the goat and you have to learn to accept it. When you're the hero, you're going to have to learn to deal with that too.''' ,'''I've never been one to want to give the net up, but it seems to be a winning formula.''' ,'''The biggest challenge for everyone is getting back into game speed.''' ,'''I had a long talk with Ken Dryden just about life. It's pretty cool to be able to talk with somebody you've idolized your whole life.''' ,'''Mental outlook is such an important part of being a goalie.''' ,'''The NHL is a fast-paced game, things happen quick when you've been out of action for a while and it takes some time to catch up.''' ,]
+++