+++
author = "Joe Gilgun"
title = "Joe Gilgun Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Joe Gilgun Quotes"
keywords = "joe gilgun,joe gilgun quotes,joe gilgun quote,joe gilgun sayings,joe gilgun saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've got an awful memory, and I can't read or write, but you can read me a script once or twice, and I've got it.''' ,''''This Is England 2015.' That would be ace. We could have prosthetics to make us look really old.''' ,'''I remember being with my mum eating marmalade on toast watching 'Inspector Gadget,' 'Sharky and George,' 'The Pink Panther,' and 'Thundercats,' stuff like that. Those were the days - no idea how brutal the world is.''' ,'''It's a relentless regime with 'Misfits.' I'm actually a little bit nervous of it, because I know it's going to be so tough to film, but we have a good crack at it.''' ,'''I have to slow down for some people. In Louisiana, people didn't have a clue what I was talking about. I remember seeing people glaze over. Seeing the moment where they've just completely lost all... They just wait for me to stop talking and then say, 'Yeah.'''' ,'''I love New York: it reminds me a bit of London.''' ,'''Tinder - man, what's that all about? Tinder, where you're just, like, shopping for a human being. Reading the stats like 'Mortal Kombat.' You're like, 'Oh, he's got six arms, and he's only got the two, so I'll probably go with the six arms.' I don't want to do that with human beings.''' ,'''It's brilliant having loads of girls running after you. It's also a shock when you realise just how much attention you're getting. Eventually, you start to think, 'I'd rather settle down and be normal.'''' ,'''I don't want to be a sexy vampire.''' ,'''I know how it feels to be the newbie.''' ,'''I was the only actor in my family. I wasn't given a lot of advice; I had to work it out.''' ,'''On 'This Is England,' everyone is mates. The nice thing is that when you watch us, you're watching a gang. They're young, and they're adventurous. There's a real closeness there.''' ,'''I remember going to the audition for 'Corrie.' I wasn't an actor - what they're often looking for in these rooms is a character, not what's on the page. They want to see what you are going to bring. So somehow, I got the job on 'Corrie.' For the first time in a while, someone really believed in me.''' ,'''Nobody smolders in real life.''' ,'''I'm from this working class town on the fringes of the rural aspects of Lancashire.''' ,'''I was never a comic-book fan, but I loved cartoons. I don't enjoy reading: for me, it's hard work.''' ,'''I've been on the telly for a long while. I've never saved any money or anything. I'm not one of those people.''' ,'''I have no intention of making vampires cool. Absolutely not. They're not cool.''' ,'''I'm an extraordinarily anxious person. I'm a typical actor: narcissistic and paranoid and all them things.''' ,'''I can barely use my iPhone. I can't do Facebook, can't do Twitter, can't do Instagram, none of it.''' ,'''My family were really poor.''' ,'''It's a very working-class thing, to get where you want and then not feel worthy.''' ,'''I was a bad kid. I was a really naughty kid. I couldn't read or write. And that was me punishment - going to acting school.''' ,''''Preacher' - what it's saying is not just blasphemy and good, fun violence. It's asking, 'Where is God?' If he is there, what's he doing?''' ,'''I remember being on this film once, and people said, 'You're not on Instagram or Facebook - what's your deal?' They said, 'In this industry, if you want to do well, people want to invest in who you are.' I said, 'I'm an actor, not a celebrity - they watch my acting, and hopefully that's enough.'''' ,'''I think it seems to be when I'm trusted, and someone just lets me have free rein - 'Do what you want, man' - that kind of confidence that directors instil in me always gets my best stuff out.''' ,'''I really, really loved 'Preacher.' I can't wait to go back. It's one of the best times I've had filming.''' ,'''I don't do social media.''' ,'''I might live in the woods, but I am a lazy actor.''' ,]
+++