+++
author = "Kevin Mckidd"
title = "Kevin Mckidd Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Kevin Mckidd Quotes"
keywords = "kevin mckidd,kevin mckidd quotes,kevin mckidd quote,kevin mckidd sayings,kevin mckidd saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If a man comes up to me, I'm almost sure he's going to mention Rome, if it's a woman, it'll be 'Grey's Anatomy.'''' ,'''In the late-'80s, there was a big push to make American football big in Scotland. The Super Bowl was on TV, but it didn't really catch on. When I was a kid, though, I became a big Miami Dolphins fan. I don't really know why - I just liked the logo, I guess. I didn't really know what was going on.''' ,'''I was asked to be in the last two 'Harry Potter' films and I couldn't do it because I was busy filming 'Grey's Anatomy.'''' ,'''I'm always very excited by something that's a curveball or from left field.''' ,'''I really just like acting. I'm not always aware of what is hip and what is popular and what is zeitgeist.''' ,'''I generally play villains once every three or four years by choice because I get offered villainous roles a lot, because of the way I look and whatever. And I tend to avoid them because I think you can end up in a cul-de-sac of your own making if you're cast in that.''' ,'''It's a roll of the dice in the movie business. I mean, every single movie is a roll of the dice. Any movie on paper could look like it's going to be fantastic. You know what I mean?''' ,''''Grey's' is just a machine. I wasn't really prepared for the epic nature of how popular the show is.''' ,'''I've done movies that I've been advised not to do. 'Dog Soldiers,' the movie I did 11 years ago now, I remember my agent at the time was like, 'You shouldn't do that. It's a weird film about werewolves,' and it became a cult hit.''' ,'''I actually love working with accents. I don't know, something about it unlocks something in me. It makes me concentrate on getting into character a little more, helps me find a focus.''' ,'''I am the god of being messy - I'm trying to get better. I was terrible in my 20s. My kids are much tidier than I am, I don't know where they get it from, maybe their mother.''' ,'''I live in L.A. so I worry my kids aren't that connected to Britain, I suppose I don't want them to become American kids. We try to get back three or four times a year. When they go to school they speak with a British-American accent but when they come home to us they go back to their British accent.''' ,'''I love whiskey and haggis. I can't get enough of either.''' ,'''I suppose I am a frustrated musician so I annoy my family by playing guitar in the house. I used to be into acoustic stuff but my son Joseph is learning drums, so now I have an electric guitar and we play Metallica. We have an amp and a PA in the garage with his drum kit.''' ,'''One of my complaints with American TV characters is that they all have a particular schtick, a hook.''' ,]
+++