+++
author = "Hannah John-Kamen"
title = "Hannah John-Kamen Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Hannah John-Kamen Quotes"
keywords = "hannah john-kamen,hannah john-kamen quotes,hannah john-kamen quote,hannah john-kamen sayings,hannah john-kamen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love fantasy; I love imagination - that's the inner child in me.''' ,'''I don't have a favourite colour!''' ,'''My dad left his psychology hat at the door and put his dad hat on when he came into the house. It's amazing having my dad have that awesome job. My mother was a model back in the day. I've seen the pictures. My mother's beautiful.''' ,'''I remember, for my birthday once, we all dressed up as Spice Girls. I was Scary.''' ,'''I've always known I was going to perform and live in London.''' ,'''My parents are so supportive of whatever we want to do and completely nurtured that, and they're so proud of that as well. My sister's a doctor, and I have an older brother as well. He went into the music industry; he's very musically talented.''' ,'''I remember the first 'fan expo' we did for 'Killjoys,' we were so new, there wasn't a lot of information out yet. But there were so many fans so excited already. And they were asking really intellectual questions about the show.''' ,'''Growing up with strong female role models is always inspiring, and growing up, that was something I aspired to play.''' ,'''I'm not sure why it's taken so long, but I think people are relating to strong female leads.''' ,'''I have an older brother and sister, and I'm definitely ahead of my years in terms of sci-fi and films. My brother is a massive sci-fi fan, and the Linda Hamilton and Sigourney Weaver era... I was involved and interested.''' ,'''I knew exactly what I wanted to do since I could remember. As a kid, if my friends came round after school for dinner, I'd put on shows; I'd write plays and charge the parents £1.50 for a ticket for sweetie money.''' ,'''I think it's great that you have inspirational female roles, that it's not just the pretty girl on the arm of a man.''' ,'''Stunts are my favourite - I love it: the feeling, the adrenaline when all the cameras are rolling and everyone is watching and crowd round.''' ,'''Sci-fi fans are so interested in your character and so attached to the world that you've created.''' ,'''The idea of science fiction, mythology, and creating a world is my favourite thing. I do love the reality of dramas and playing that, but being able to start from scratch, to completely build the character and this world, I love that.''' ,]
+++