+++
author = "Kelechi Iheanacho"
title = "Kelechi Iheanacho Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Kelechi Iheanacho Quotes"
keywords = "kelechi iheanacho,kelechi iheanacho quotes,kelechi iheanacho quote,kelechi iheanacho sayings,kelechi iheanacho saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've been working really hard and I'm really grateful to God.''' ,'''I'm happy and I'm confident, even if I don't score.''' ,'''Pep is a great manager who has coached some big teams in Europe and won a lot of trophies.''' ,'''It's good when as a young player you're introduced to a top team like Manchester City and you need to do well.''' ,'''I don't know why, but football is my passion.''' ,'''I don't know if I'll end up being a top player or not. But I'll be working hard to achieve that and I wouldn't complain if it happened. I just have to keep going and see where it takes me.''' ,'''That is a football game, you don't know what is going to happen when you play.''' ,'''It doesn't matter where you find yourself, you have to focus and concentrate and work for the team.''' ,'''Work for the team, work hard and when the ball falls to you you have to put it in.''' ,'''I know that as a young player I need to work hard for the team, work extra in training and in the game as well so that they will see that you need more games and you need to play.''' ,'''I love a challenge so when people compare me and Rashford, it gives me more confidence and motivation. It also makes me work even harder.''' ,'''You see, when I was young, I loved playing football. But where I grew up in southern Nigeria, it was kind of like a ghetto. It was a tough place to be a kid. You had to work very hard to make a living there, and my family did not have the extra funds to buy a real ball.''' ,'''Guardiola is a good manager, everyone knows that.''' ,'''We didn't have a television at home. Even the people who did have televisions wouldn't have the right channels to show the games. So if you wanted to watch football you had to pay to watch the games at the local sports centre. You would get hundreds of people paying to watch, all at the same place.''' ,'''It doesn't matter where you find yourself, you have to focus and concentrate.''' ,'''Everybody wants to play.''' ,'''There is always a lot of competition at a big club like Manchester City, so I need to keep working hard, having patience and hoping for the best.''' ,'''We want to win every game.''' ,'''I will help the team anyway I can.''' ,'''I keep learning and improving and that will help me in the future.''' ,'''Nigeria has a lot of Man City fans, and they're going to have more every time I go home.''' ,'''I can play No. 9, 10, 7 and 11 - I can play different positions.''' ,'''Anywhere I can fit in, I will play.''' ,'''I think every year that comes, comes with different games, different kinds of players, different coaches and different philosophies, I know that.''' ,'''I support Barcelona because I watched the Spanish league.''' ,'''It is always good to be involved in a good sport, a great team.''' ,'''When I was growing up they didn't want me to do it because my mother was a teacher - they wanted me to go to school. But I love football and wanted to play - they wanted to stop me but couldn't. They wouldn't allow me to play out after school but I went out anyway. Maybe I lost a bit of focus on my studies.''' ,'''My mother loved her children, and she had always pushed me to keep working hard, even when it was football and not books.''' ,'''When the ball falls to you, you have to put it in.''' ,'''I'd played a few games at the Under-17 World Cup finals, and that's when I agreed a deal with City. In all honesty, I didn't know that much about the club at the time.''' ,'''No one wants to sit on the bench.''' ,'''I will try to do my best in training and in games if I'm introduced.''' ,'''You can call me Mr. VAR.''' ,'''City are such a big team with so many fantastic players, I didn't believe I'd have a future here.''' ,'''It's my job to show to the manager that I deserve to play in the squad and I deserve that chance.''' ,'''It's war for 90 minutes in the Manchester Derby. You cannot give anything less than 100 percent concentration.''' ,'''I just have to keep my confidence and be strong.''' ,'''As a striker you need to take chances.''' ,'''I think the FA Cup has great memories and I think there have been Nigerian legends that have played in it as well, like Jay-Jay Okocha and Nwankwo Kanu. They've played in it, so it's a great thing to play in the FA Cup.''' ,'''We have to work as a team, play as a team. This is how you win matches.''' ,'''I work on my finishing every day in training.''' ,'''My Premier League debut was against Watford in 2015. I got a few minutes or so. It was truly heart-warming. So nice, being young and then scoring goals.''' ,'''If I'm in a good position to score then I'm happy to put the ball in the back of the net, but if I'm not, and I see someone in a better position, I'll give it to him.''' ,'''Whenever you get a chance, you take it, so I just need to keep my head up, keep working hard every day, so if I get my chance, I'll take it.''' ,'''It's amazing when you go back home now, when you remember how you were before. You go back home and all those people are calling your name, shouting. I get mobbed by the kids. They want to see you, want to know you.''' ,'''I'm happy being at City. I wanted to go to Porto before but my father said that coming here we would have a great future. It was the right decision.''' ,'''You need to press high, help your teammates by getting back - and, of course, score goals.''' ,'''I think, in every footballer's life there are all sorts of ups and downs.''' ,'''The viewing centre was a place you go to watch football in Nigeria but you have to pay to watch football at a viewing centre, so if you don't have the means or the money to pay, you can't watch.''' ,'''On my part, any time I am in I need to give 100 per cent because everyone is important in the team.''' ,'''I think I'm improving a lot but I really need to work harder in training and in games to show my qualities.''' ,'''I think it's a great competition and it's a great thing to be scoring in the FA Cup.''' ,'''I know I have the quality to prove myself any time I am given the chance.''' ,'''When you work hard, you get great rewards after that.''' ,'''I've scored four goals in a game many times, but only in the streets with my friends.''' ,'''It's just what I need to do as a football player, to come in and bring life whenever I'm starting, whenever I'm coming in.''' ,'''It would be a dream come true for me to go to the Bernabeu.''' ,'''When I was 14, I started playing for Taye Academy in the city of Owerri, and then my whole life became football. I dreamed of playing for certain clubs, or going places I'd never been before, but I just kept my ambitions to myself because I never really expected that I could get to these places.''' ,'''I don't know anyone who is playing who doesn't want to keep improving and be at the top level.''' ,'''Hopefully, I will get more - more goals and more hat-tricks.''' ,'''I love, love, love playing football. I was always this way, even though I was never able to watch the big clubs as a kid.''' ,'''Every team that's promoted to the Premier League wants to stay, they don't want to go back.''' ,'''You're not gonna die for putting in hard work.''' ,'''When you play football in the Premier League, everybody is watching.''' ,'''As a striker, I love scoring and when we're not, we're not that happy.''' ,'''That's the most important thing, improving myself in training, and improving in the things I don't do better, so improving in all aspects, in all areas, in training, to improve game by game and hopefully they will keep coming and hopefully we'll get to the top.''' ,'''It's good to be involved as well as everyone to be involved in everything to help your team work hard when you work hard you get a good result.''' ,'''It is ironic my father is now my biggest fan. I got beat up by him whenever I stepped out to play football! I was always on the receiving end of my father's belt or whatever else he could find. Sometimes I laugh, but I guess it's been written by God that my life would take such a route. He was only looking out for me.''' ,'''I will just keep working hard and keep believing in myself.''' ,'''I didn't really believe that I could play at City because they had so many incredible players.''' ,'''When I arrived in Manchester for the first time, it took me five seconds to realize that it was a very different place than where I come from. It is cold, yes, but people also do things very differently than we do in Nigeria. The culture was different, and everything looked different.''' ,'''When I was growing up I don't have the chance to watch a lot of football, because I can't afford to watch football.''' ,'''Whenever I go back home to Nigeria now, I always bring a bag full of Manchester City shirts for the kids.''' ,'''European football is the same as any other football.''' ,'''I would have gone anywhere for football.''' ,'''I loved football when I was small.''' ,'''I was close to signing for FC Porto where I really wanted to go.''' ,'''I can play as a striker or I can play as a No 10. I can even play on the wing as well.''' ,'''When I played for the Under-13s, then Nigerian Football Federation president Sani Lulu said we would be playing at the 2018 World Cup.''' ,'''Wilfried is a very good striker who is strong and intelligent - he talks to me all the time and advises me. We sit together in the dressing room and he's like a big brother to me.''' ,'''It's always a good feeling to get a goal in the team.''' ,'''We are footballers, we can make mistakes and we can lose games.''' ,'''There's nothing to enjoy about pre-season, you just have to work hard.''' ,'''It's always good to score.''' ,'''It's football - anything can happen.''' ,'''In my country, that's where I started playing. I was a No. 10.''' ,'''They give us courage, but you can't play for the gallery, you have to play for your team-mates.''' ,'''Everyone knows Pep and what he can do.''' ,'''If your country wants you to play, you really want to go and play as well.''' ,'''I loved playing football with my brothers. I would go to school as well, but I loved football, so I played it a lot when I was a kid.''' ,'''It was hard when my mother left us. I said to myself: 'You must keep working hard for her.' She was a teacher, a big influence. She made me work harder. So when I'm not doing something right or when I'm not playing or working hard enough, I remember what she used to say to me. She gets me moving. She pushed me to work hard.''' ,'''Players need to be strong when they have injuries.''' ,'''Wilf is a great passer of the ball. I know him and I played with him from the Under-17s team with Nigeria, so he's a very good passer.''' ,'''When you are not playing, you need to train harder. You need to keep faith. And when you come into the team, you have to do exactly what your team-mates are doing to help the team achieve something.''' ,'''It happens in football, sometimes you can face trying times or sometimes you can play.''' ,'''I think nothing is enough in football.''' ,'''Everything I do, I do for my mum and my family - that's what drives me.''' ,'''My father was a trader and my mum was a teacher but she was laid to rest when I was 14, which was really hard for all of us.''' ,'''I can play in any position.''' ,'''Football is a team sport and I'd rather place the team above my personal desires.''' ,]
+++