+++
author = "Timbaland"
title = "Timbaland Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Timbaland Quotes"
keywords = "timbaland,timbaland quotes,timbaland quote,timbaland sayings,timbaland saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It hurts when people put you down.''' ,'''I don't think about other people. If I did, I'd wanna compete. But I don't think like that, because I'm above everybody.''' ,'''I listen to a lot of '80s stuff, like 'Owner of a Lonely Heart,' by the group Yes. And Mr. Mister's 'Broken Wings.'''' ,'''When I first met Aaliyah - it time for the world to hear this, I'm gonna give a little secret - I was in love with her.''' ,'''I'm a musical genius.''' ,'''I'm making music the way I would have done before modern equipment and music recording.''' ,'''I'm trying to do something real different; I'm trying to bring the street to real pop. I'm trying to bring the street to pop. Not watering it down, no nothing.''' ,'''I work out all the time. I love it.''' ,'''I'm a grown man. I ain't got time for all that 'you say, she say.'''' ,'''Everyone wants to work with the big new producer or the hot new singer. The key is to find them before they're hot.''' ,'''I consider myself a composer.''' ,'''I don't have beef with nobody.''' ,'''I listen to a lot of alternative types of music: I listen to a lot of Chinese music, I listen to a lot of Asian music. It might surprise you, but I listen to a lot of Arabic music. And I don't care - music is music.''' ,'''I never had any plans to become a producer when I was a kid. I wanted to be a DJ, like most other kids at the time. Then my mum bought me a Casio keyboard and I started to sample sounds that I liked.''' ,'''You don't question where the music comes from, because it all comes from God.''' ,'''I'm the type of person who tries to save the world.''' ,'''My style is to take something unexpected and make it into a hit. That's what I do.''' ,'''Greatness can never be over because you can lay it down for a minute.''' ,'''My first love is producing.''' ,'''I don't repeat myself and I don't look back because everything is hard work and the only way forward is to continue to be creative.''' ,'''The same people who smile in my face would be the same ones to talk behind my back.''' ,'''I try to be as normal as I can.''' ,'''I do music for the fans. I want to lift fans up.''' ,'''I'm not a rapper.''' ,'''I've always tried different stuff in the studio. I use rakes, spoons, cans... I'm a surround-sound type of guy.''' ,'''It's probably hard to be married to me. It's not easy.''' ,'''I look at Lil Wayne as being from my generation.''' ,'''Good production is like a beautiful marriage. It makes a happy home.''' ,'''I'm definitely a risk-taker with my music.''' ,'''Don't get in my personal life.''' ,'''An artist don't make you bigger than life - being that person that can break artists can make you bigger than life.''' ,'''I don't know nothing about no jungle and bass.''' ,'''I know somebody in every culture.''' ,'''I have ideas whirring around my head all the time.''' ,'''I been through some junk. It ain't all been peaches and cream.''' ,'''I'm weird, I do crazy things, it's not like the average norm.''' ,]
+++