+++
author = "Goldie"
title = "Goldie Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Goldie Quotes"
keywords = "goldie,goldie quotes,goldie quote,goldie sayings,goldie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You can be very connected, computers are great, they can get you a ticket to Venezuela in five minutes; brilliant. But if you know your music and your history, you can make that work as a tool. If you don't, you're working as a slave to it.''' ,'''Mother' is something people can't swallow. It was about me visualising my connection with my mother, my journey through her belly, and it's 60 minutes long - it was never going to be understood by the masses.''' ,'''The weird thing is that 'Maestro' has somehow improved my DJing. When you've been in this music as long as I've been, you can sometimes become jaded. And when I got back from 'Maestro,' I realised the music is being kept in time for me - all I have to do is to wrap as much dynamic around it as I can. DJs don't realise how lucky we are.''' ,'''Saturnz Return' was very up close and personal, which scared people off.''' ,'''Once you leave your ego behind and let the good light in, you shine good light back. That may be a bit Buddhist but so what.''' ,'''The machinery of the music industry is that you put something into it and it could be chewed up.''' ,'''I see electronic music as loads of monkeys pushing buttons and me being one of them. But I think my album 'Timeless' stands the test of time.''' ,'''Just no gentrified drum and bass music anymore, please! It's not good for your health.''' ,'''I grew up on Steel Pulse, Bob Marley, Public Image Ltd., Sex Pistols, The Jam and somewhere in the middle was The Specials.''' ,'''I ran to the arts, because the arts are the one thing that would never abandon me.''' ,'''You face your demons doing Bikram. You challenge them, beat them.''' ,'''I obviously felt a very strong need to be a part of a family. Looking at trains and thinking 'These kids are writing their names from one end of the city to the other,' I finally felt like I'd found one.''' ,'''I'm ahead of fashion: my clothes aren't fashionable at the time, but they become so. I set trends.''' ,'''One of the best-kept secrets in Phuket is Banana beach.''' ,'''Technology is not my master; when I use technology, I take it for a joyride.''' ,'''Anyone who asks if graffiti is really art should be cast out into a field, because they're Neanderthals.''' ,'''Reinvention is the biggest gift I've been given. I've gone from graffiti artist to jewellery maker, urban musician to conductor.''' ,'''The layers you get in graffiti, the ornateness, you can hear it in my music. I paint with my music. It's a form of synaesthesia.''' ,'''The music I make is for the inner city.''' ,'''Mother' is not just about the physical mother but the fact of needing to be mothered, needing to have something that surrounded me.''' ,'''I made my first record at 27, and there are people who are 17 and 18 out there making records.''' ,'''Rob Playford is a phenomenal engineer, but he doesn't have his own ideas, he doesn't make his own music. But what he does have is a fantastic width and berth to throw loads of creative ideas at him.''' ,'''Music and art well and truly saved my life really - the light switched on when I discovered art.''' ,'''When I was in the care system, I lived for skating and drawing. I lived on roller skates.''' ,'''When I play in Hong Kong I go alternative, from Wu Tang Clan to 'Blue Monday,' and then for the last 45 minutes, if they deserve it, I play beautiful drum 'n' bass.''' ,'''I honestly believe art and music saved me. Art and music saved my life. I am blessed.''' ,'''I think albums should be dynamic, man.''' ,'''I couldn't carry on straight after doing 'Mother,' it was really hard. Getting my anger out was a catharsis but it was also selfish and indulgent.''' ,'''My entire childhood was a sacrifice: I was in and out of institutes until I was 17. Art has given me a chance to catch up on the years that I lost.''' ,'''I've always seen music as colours, with basses maybe translating to dark blues, and trebles as yellows and ochres and a general sense of lights coming through.''' ,'''Art and music is so important for young people - the arts need to be supported and I think there are so many Clifford Prices out there like me.''' ,'''I've always worked with different mediums whether it's melting gold to make teeth, working with wood and paint or bending sound in a music studio.''' ,'''Pat Metheny's my hero, man. I've got so much from Metheny's music.''' ,'''I was never very good at marketing myself, I was very good at being explosive and making sense of something in the chaos around me.''' ,'''I collect paint like I collect sound. And then I use layers, layers, layers.''' ,'''I think most albums should be 13 tracks, to be fair. It's a matter of interest. It's quality over quantity.''' ,'''Songwriting for me is about zooming into the canvas, not songwriting in a typical sense.''' ,'''Timeless' is like the little sister, but 'Journeyman' is the big brother - it's what I'll take to the grave.''' ,'''Your life can change in seconds.''' ,'''Yoga changed my life and I'm big into it.''' ,'''I'm eclectic in my tastes because of my trauma. It's madness. It's almost ADHD.''' ,'''I never start a song at the beginning; I always start in the middle, working with the original concept. That might be a loop or a vocal hook. A weird noise or a string sample. Once that's at the heart of the song, I work concertina-fashion, expanding the song forwards to the end and backwards to the beginning.''' ,'''Creating art is like being sick - you bring up all your innermost thoughts, and then you have to ask yourself why you're doing it.''' ,'''We have choices in life when we're young and I think a lot of things were stacked against me.''' ,'''I love the Bay Area and I love San Fran. I don't know why I love it so much. Maybe it's the vibe, maybe it's the fault lines. Nah, there's something very special in the air out there.''' ,'''When you go into the studio, you have to know what you're going in there for. I went into the studio because I had a voice and I wanted to change things, and I don't necessarily mean my bank account. The money is almost a B factor, a side product.''' ,'''I've lost friends and people that I've admired. The loss of any life is a travesty.''' ,'''I was a massive Human League fan, believe it or not.''' ,'''I'm understanding theatre a bit more. I've learned that you go over and over stuff. There's a big element of back-story: where have the characters been before, where have they come from?''' ,'''In New York, I was into Kool G Rap and Polo, KRS-One, that whole big 80s boom.''' ,'''I experienced Hip-Hop first-hand in the Bronx with the boys in New York; people like the Rock Steady Crew and The Dynamic Rockers, I looked at it for what it really was.''' ,'''From where I've come from, I look back at everything, all these people that influenced my life as a kid growing up in a really bad environment, it just makes it all worthwhile in terms of the recognition.''' ,'''I grew up in Wolverhampton, but I was moved around the Midlands because I was in the care system.''' ,'''I have never engineered a record. I will draw a record and I'll show you what it's gonna look like. And I will design it and sketch it out and show you, you know, the breaks are coming in here. Sixteen bars. Move out. 32 bars and you get this baseline. Repeat this. Ghost it. Take the tops out of that. Make it go thin. Get a filter. Reverse it.''' ,'''Childhood was abusive and horrible, I endured some stuff I don't even want to talk about. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy.''' ,'''My whole thing with EDM is, if you have integrity and yet you regress in how you've been as an artist, there's something not quite right there. If you're just here to get paid, I find that very culturally indifferent.''' ,'''The separation from my mother at an early age was traumatic.''' ,'''When I was growing up in the 1980s in the Midlands, I felt abandoned and misunderstood. Then I chose drum 'n' bass and graffiti as my subcultures - which didn't really help.''' ,'''I use the same big studios that everybody else uses, but my attitude once inside is that of a total barbarian.''' ,'''When I start a song, I have an image and a story. In many ways, it's more like painting than making music.''' ,'''I will certainly be making music as long as I live.''' ,'''Just feeling misunderstood sometimes, I guess, has been my biggest downfall.''' ,'''Some people bought into the whole fame thing more than others, but I never did. I never felt I belonged; I wasn't confident.''' ,'''Bikram Yoga makes me feel 19 again.''' ,'''I don't use producers, I am the producer. I use an engineer as a tool, vicariously.''' ,'''My life's like a sonar ping that bounces all over the place.''' ,'''From the age of three, my life has been documented by social workers. There's a file somewhere in Walsall Social Services saying: 'He was a bit difficult today; he was trying to find out about his parents.' Or: 'He locked himself in his room and is collecting beer mats.'''' ,'''Saturnz Return' proves how important the mother issue was for me in my life.''' ,'''I DJ'd my first pirate station from a house I broke into in Haringey.''' ,'''My perfect day is to get up at 5:30 A.M., jump on my scooter and go to the beach.''' ,'''I've grown up putting my suitcase down, making new friends, and then having to pick it up again, like 'Let's move him to another foster home in six months' time.'''' ,'''Urban breakbeat has become the mood of the '90s, like rap was in the '80s.''' ,'''I just get on and do things, because I've got my own fire and I don't need anything else.''' ,'''I wasn't a nice person to meet in the back end of the 90s.''' ,'''Goldie has been around a lot longer than his gold teeth, than the golden locks. Not many people know me. He was a Rastafarian... They know Goldie the player, like my boys in Miami, or Goldie the graffiti writer, or Goldie the guy on the estate with the gold teeth, but nobody really knows that little boy from school, you know?''' ,'''I've been moved around my whole life and it's been documented, so if you get paid loads of money to go on TV and act like a right idiot... great stuff!''' ,'''Too many people are making images of war. If I want to see war, I'll watch the news.''' ,'''Timeless' dealt with the integrity of what drum'n'bass was about, but 'Saturnz Return' was the mischievous kid in me doing something completely the opposite.''' ,'''It's very important to understand how the trauma of a life drives the music to really mean something.''' ,'''All my experience in film has been quite fleeting and tokenesque.''' ,'''Yes, I can be melancholy, but do you think I had Bing Crosby singing 'White Christmas'? I never had nothing. I didn't have all the things I wanted when I wanted them. I didn't have presents.''' ,'''Junglists have something to say about the social situation.''' ,'''If I was running a British School of classical music I'd employ Tai Chi teachers to help the conductors at the end of their lessons.''' ,'''Me and Wiley have got a lot in common. And not just the fact that we're both a bit nuts.''' ,'''Simon Cowell is the George Bush of the music industry.''' ,'''Thailand is a really beautiful place, culturally and spiritually. You appreciate it the longer you stay.''' ,'''If I got hit by a bus tomorrow, you'd get people going: 'Oh, we should make 'Mother' into an opera, it's what he would have wanted.'''' ,'''I think drum'n'bass music did for the electronic world what graffiti did for the world of art because it was raw and everybody wanted to take from the raw.''' ,'''I had so much anger. So much anger. Particularly towards my mother. I was a really, really angry person, and it was ruining me.''' ,'''Timeless' was always gonna be the blueprint as an artist for me.''' ,'''I've found a bit of peace in myself.''' ,'''Every genre succumbs to gentrification at some point- as equipment becomes cheaper, as crowds become younger, there seems to be a sheepish attitude towards producers - how they can follow a mundane, linear sound, and make money.''' ,'''If you want to talk about EDM, let's talk about Detroit underground music, Chicago house and let's talk about all the things that got us to this place. We all get on the train of dance music. We need to all respectfully look through the carriages that have come before us and realize how we got here.''' ,'''I learned everything out of children's homes. The kids had to stick together, we had to unify, and we did that, and I think that was a great thing.''' ,'''Music is far more than numbers to me - it's where I find peace.''' ,'''I've always been a big champion of saying what we do today creates tomorrow. When you're young, you don't realise all of this stuff, and from an early age I was very conscious of what was going on in my environment.''' ,'''I'd like to make my own line of emojis to be honest.''' ,'''Impermanence is the greatest gift anyone can have.''' ,'''I've always felt mixed race. Or as my music teacher said during a lesson: 'You are a mulatto.' I always felt there were white people, black, and then people like me in the middle.''' ,'''That's why I want to screw with the abyss of technology, play God with science, so I can hop, skip and slide back and forth through time.''' ,]
+++