+++
author = "Hailey Gates"
title = "Hailey Gates Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Hailey Gates Quotes"
keywords = "hailey gates,hailey gates quotes,hailey gates quote,hailey gates sayings,hailey gates saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's really just my Hammurabi code of journalism ethics, that I don't want to ask someone to do something that I won't do myself.''' ,'''I always struggle auditioning, actually, because I'm so obsessed with era-appropriate clothing.''' ,'''I have a 'Mailer-Breslin and the 51st State' poster, and a neon-pink sign of Raoul's in SoHo, one of my favorite restaurants.''' ,'''I think, in a lot of ways, we underestimate how much clothing plays a part in achieving our identities and in how we want the world to deal with us.''' ,'''I have always been very into pagan hairstyles. If I were alive a long time ago, I would probably have been burned at the stake.''' ,'''Everybody gets dressed every day, and whatever you decide to get dressed in that morning is communicating something.''' ,'''In China, I had my body lit on fire. And in Russia, I took a bath in reindeer blood, which apparently had some kind of youth-enhancing elements.''' ,'''I ate better in Liberia than I did in Ohio.''' ,'''I wrote a play that I directed and I was in, and I paid for the sets and the costumes and to put it up in a theater all through modeling. It really afforded me a lot of creative control in my life.''' ,'''I'm not a gun person by any stretch of the imagination, and it's not something I feel comfortable participating in.''' ,'''Having long hair has allowed me to enter orthodox or religiously conservative situations with slightly more ease.''' ,'''Fashion is unique. It's a leveler, not a divider.''' ,'''In China, because Chinese is a tonal language, it can be kind of hard to follow people's emotional tracks. There was one moment where a woman I was interviewing just sort of burst into tears, and I can usually sort of tell when things are coming on, and in that moment, it was very unexpected.''' ,'''The Internet seems to have killed American fashion in the sense that everybody has good style, but they also look vaguely the same.''' ,'''There are a lot of people who don't want things like fashion weeks to happen.''' ,'''The Congo is so fun. The ideal body type coveted by women in the Congo is this extremely curvaceous body. They're going through a number of extreme measures to get that kind of body form, and one of them is by using bouillon cubes.''' ,'''Women's bodies have become a real battleground for politics.''' ,'''I'm not a journalist. I have not gone to school for this.''' ,'''I was, like, a really embarrassing, precocious child.''' ,'''I think why I was attracted to making something with Vice is that level of intimacy that you get as the viewer, getting to see some of that production element where we don't exactly know what we're doing, where we're going, or even if it's a good idea.''' ,'''When I was young, I made all of my own clothes.''' ,'''I actually find it a lot easier to interview people I don't agree with because I'm far more curious about how they've arrived at that place.''' ,'''I was writing a lot even as a kid.''' ,'''We did a play of 'Frog and Toad' at my elementary school. And I'm not sure if this is part of the book or it was something that we made up on our own, but I auditioned to play the black hole, which somehow makes sense to me.''' ,'''I would wear entirely one color: tutus, furry pants. It was totally outrageous. My family was deeply embarrassed to be seen with me.''' ,'''I never thought I would go to Gaza. It's incredibly difficult to get into, and when you get there, it's a war zone. Then they have this beach, and there's this incredible, vibrant beach culture there, which is something that I grew up with in Southern California.''' ,'''High fashion has become representative of stability in unstable places; that allows you to have a voice in the world stage.''' ,'''Maintaining a sense of humor is key to getting people to also focus on the crises at hand.''' ,'''At one point, we were across the street from the Sharon Tate house; at another, we lived in Elvis's old Bel Air bachelor pad. It was where he first met the Beatles.''' ,'''My parents separated when I was young, and as a result, my father had to learn how to braid our hair on the nights my sisters and I would stay with him. We would arrive to school the next morning with these incredibly endearing lopsided braids he had fashioned. This may have expedited the process of my learning how to braid my own hair.''' ,'''If you take the fashion out of it, clothing has a lot of information - about how we feel about ourselves, how we'd like to feel about ourselves, and what we'd like to be: If you show up to an interview in sweatpants and a T-shirt, I'm going to deal with you in a really different way.''' ,'''It's wild, how many places of conflict that have fashion weeks. It's becoming some sort of marker for these countries that says, 'We are in conversation with the rest of the world.'''' ,'''This idea of 'laicite' has been weaponized, in a way, to discriminate against people, and this idea of who gets to be French is really complicated and interesting.''' ,'''A sudden intimacy occurs when someone does your hair.''' ,'''Some of us are lucky enough to choose what we wear, and some of us don't have that luxury, but we all are communicating something to the world around us by what we wear, no matter if it's sweatpants or a tuxedo.''' ,'''Fashion weeks tend to be places of refuge for outsiders.''' ,]
+++