+++
author = "Conor Maynard"
title = "Conor Maynard Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Conor Maynard Quotes"
keywords = "conor maynard,conor maynard quotes,conor maynard quote,conor maynard sayings,conor maynard saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My fans are called 'Mayniacs'. They enjoy screaming and chasing me and taking pictures.''' ,'''Show off your own style and uniqueness to stand out. That's the advice I'd give to people getting started online now.''' ,'''I think I kind of want to get to a point of being as successful as possible in a way that's unique to me.''' ,'''I wouldn't mind being a bit taller.''' ,'''When I was 17, I signed my record deal and passed my driver's test. It was a very good year!''' ,'''I always wear my black watch on my left wrist so I know I'm on stage on time.''' ,'''I would probably work with Drake as he is massively inspirational to me as a writer as well as an artist. If not him, then Susan Boyle!''' ,'''My first kiss was when I was 13. I was so nervous that I was shaking. Unfortunately, the girl I kissed never spoke to me again.''' ,'''My parents listened to a lot of music when I was really little. They used to listen to people like Michael Jackson and Stevie Wonder and I used to be really into that.''' ,'''Fittings are boring, but it's fun when you get to wear something new and go to a new event. I have a massive say in what I wear - I work really closely with my stylist.''' ,'''When I was 13, I remember crying on my mum's shoulder when my first girlfriend dumped me via MSN Messenger. That was cold.''' ,'''I'm pretty boring with pizza toppings. I only ever eat margherita. If it's ever anything else then I'll just go 'mmm', pretend to eat it, then throw it in the bin.''' ,'''I am my own audience. I always picture me and my mates and think, 'What would we enjoy listening to?'''' ,'''I had piano lessons when I was younger, but I quit because I didn't want to sit and learn the scales.''' ,'''I don't get it when girls say 'I'm fine' but don't mean it.''' ,'''I met Ne-Yo in London. I sang for him and he said, 'I want to sign you.' It was amazing - it meant my name was buzzing around the industry and I got to meet lots of different labels.''' ,'''YouTube is an amazing platform for young musicians - although it's harder to get noticed now that everyone is on it.''' ,'''I want to be the first Conor Maynard. I think I want to have a successful career that is unique in its own way.''' ,'''I've been singing ever since I was little, but I didn't start taking it seriously until I was about 15 or 16.''' ,]
+++