+++
author = "Scott Ian"
title = "Scott Ian Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Scott Ian Quotes"
keywords = "scott ian,scott ian quotes,scott ian quote,scott ian sayings,scott ian saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People think of Jews as the Woody Allen stereotype, the nebbishy kind of thing, but that's not the kind of Jews I know. I know plenty of Israelis and plenty of tough guys that are Jewish. So, I think it makes sense that Jews play metal.''' ,'''I have enough to think about - I just don't ever want to have to think about my car.''' ,'''Why would heavy metal ever go away?''' ,'''When you're younger - duh - you don't really have the tools to deal with certain things in your life.''' ,'''My grandfather was Orthodox, and he was religious, but neither of my parents were. Of course, as they got older, it seems like they get more religious the older they get, even though they're still not practicing Jews.''' ,'''Even as a kid, if I would come across something cool in the record store, that would be how I found out about bands. It's kind of the same way these days. In a way even less because there are no record stores to go to anymore.''' ,'''At some point around '94 or '95, 'Rolling Stone' said that guitar rock was dead and that the Chemical Brothers were the future. I think that was the last issue of 'Rolling Stone' I ever bought.''' ,'''Anthrax, it's something that gets you sick, it's horrible, strong. It's a heavy-metal band name if there ever was one.''' ,'''I don't even know who that person was in the '80s. I see pictures of myself from back then and I don't even recognize myself.''' ,'''What is it about a zombie that appeals to me? I don't know. Maybe that it's just the most possible - I don't know - of all the supernatural entities.''' ,'''I could care less about sitting around and practicing the guitar for hours a day and trying to be the best guitar player on the planet.''' ,'''I'm just not a big fan of the too-cool-for-school indie world. Metal bands have never been invited or been able to be part of the cool kids, and I like it that way.''' ,'''I love what I do, somehow I have been able to play in a band for my entire life and that is all I ever wanted to do. I love that I get to do that.''' ,'''To be honest, I'm one of the least-technical guitar players around. I just want a guitar to feel good and sound good. That's it, period.''' ,'''I kind of live in this weird world where I am exposed to a lot of stuff, but then again I am not exposed to a lot of stuff.''' ,'''I've always been a true believer that if men had babies, nobody would be trying to tell them what they can and can't do with their bodies.''' ,'''A guitar for me is pretty much strictly in the context of writing songs for my band, coming up with ideas with my band, and then being able to perform those songs as best as I can on stage - that's what the guitar for me has always been.''' ,'''I think the best riffs and the best songs come when you're jamming and having a good time.''' ,'''Music and songs are written at different periods of time, at different times in your life. They reflect the feelings you have and to be honest, I quite like having positive emotions.''' ,'''I will absolutely say that Johnny Ramone was a huge influence on me. I'm a giant Ramones fan.''' ,'''I'm certainly not a practicing Jew. I would never claim, 'I'm Jewish.' That's not the first and foremost thing in my mind, as far as who I am as a person.''' ,'''I'm not the kind of guy who sits around at home and writes songs. Once in a while I'll pick up a guitar and noodle around, but it's rare.''' ,'''To me, the guitar is a tool for songwriting, and it's fun, too. The day that it's not fun, that's when I'm not gonna play guitar anymore.''' ,'''As big as Metallica are, they're still not like a pop act. As big as they are, they're still not U2 or Lady Gaga. It's still underground.''' ,'''Frank Zappa... was Beethoven for insane rock guys.''' ,'''I don't think any of our lyrics have ever been erotic in a sexual term, because I haven't really written, touched on, that subject too often. But, uh... I mean, I suppose they could point the finger at us for violence maybe in certain songs.''' ,'''There's a thousand other things I would rather spend money on than a car.''' ,'''What I love about 'The Walking Dead' is it's a human story, which is to me what makes the comic book so good, but once you jump from the pages of the book to the screen, the gore and the zombies have to look great.''' ,'''Metal guys are huge nerds. A good percentage of them are either horror or sci-fi or comic book or fantasy nerds.''' ,'''Nobody gets into a band and thinks they're going to have a 30-year career.''' ,'''If someone wants to sticker a record for whatever reason, that's fine. But once it affects someone's opportunity to, you know, get that record, then I have a problem with it.''' ,]
+++