+++
author = "Daniel Kaluuya"
title = "Daniel Kaluuya Quotes"
quotes_len = "71"
description = "the best 71 Daniel Kaluuya Quotes"
keywords = "daniel kaluuya,daniel kaluuya quotes,daniel kaluuya quote,daniel kaluuya sayings,daniel kaluuya saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Having something that makes money changes everything. I'm from England, and it's very much about credibility there. And yeah, it is about that. But the money can change things. And so you understand it's a business.''' ,'''I have to show off my struggle so that people accept that I'm black. No matter that every single room I go to, I'm usually the darkest person there... I kind of resent that mentality. I'm just an individual.''' ,'''I didn't take writing seriously at first - I didn't think I could do it. When I did, I fell in love with it. But writing is very lonely.''' ,'''I love comedy. I don't think there's enough comedy on stage.''' ,'''I listened to this book, 'The Beauty Myth,' about how beauty standards are messing with women in Western society, and I was like, 'I don't know this.' I have no idea, and I don't pretend to, but now I'm more aware of it because I've engaged on that frequency.''' ,'''Even people who say that black people are minorities, there are a billion black people in the world. A billion white people. What part of that is a minority? If you separate yourself, then maybe. But I see black people as one man. When I see people beaten on the streets of America, that hurts me. I feel that.''' ,'''In the real world, there's probably nothing more horrifying than racism. Living racism is a horrifying experience. And then, having to normalize it and internalize it.''' ,'''I think diverse stories are just stories. I don't think 'diverse' is an add-on package. Things that are not diverse are weird because that's not accurate.''' ,'''Donae'o is too cold; he's been dropping bangers since 2000.''' ,'''I have to own the fact that I'm a black man - that's why I did 'Black Panther' and 'Widows' because if I play the industry game, I lose.''' ,''''Get Out' was born out of the genius mind of Jordan Peele, to whom I will be forever grateful for believing in me and allowing me to help him tell a story so dear to him.''' ,''''Sucker Punch' was so demanding, it scared me a bit.''' ,'''I hope people listen to black people more. You'd be surprised how little people listen to black people when it comes to racial issues. It's weird.''' ,'''What you want to do is make people talk, start a conversation.''' ,''''The Fades' is its own world. If you try and link it to some religion, you have people going, 'Oh, that's not right,' with their Bible open. Let's just chuck some imagination at it.''' ,'''I think the 'sunken place' - that term is what I hear when I'm just casually living my life. People say it around me. Not because they're around me; they're saying it because it articulated a state of mind. Lil Wayne's rapped about it.''' ,'''The beauty of any artwork is that it becomes the person that's watching it: What do you take out of it?''' ,'''Racism kills people. It kills people!''' ,'''Everything men do is for women.''' ,'''People are decisions and actions.''' ,'''Racism is like a horror movie. Black kids die because of racism. I don't know what's more horrifying than that.''' ,'''I love being black.''' ,'''Nas is such a touchstone in my world.''' ,'''Sometimes I'll work in America, sometimes I'll work in England. What's important is fulfilment. I just want to tell stories.''' ,'''I go to Uganda, I can't speak the language. In India, I'm black. In the black community, I'm dark-skinned. In America, I'm British.''' ,'''Some black women hug me and walk away. A lot of black men talk about dating white women and how they've been there, too. People open up about their racial experiences. I feel like I'm a walking therapy session. It's quite intense. But it means a lot to people.''' ,'''A lot of time, people enter the most depressing situations, and they are the funniest people on Earth, because they have to be. It's a coping mechanism.''' ,'''I find it hard to watch a lot of the kind of things I'm doing before doing it. I don't think it's helpful for me. It makes me too aware.''' ,'''I learned so much on 'Sicario' and working with that group of actors, where there was the audacity, the confidence, to do nothing.''' ,'''Life ain't a drama. And life isn't just a comedy. Life is sometimes horrifying. Life is science-fiction. There are all elements and faculties that we navigate, so I just expect a script to reflect that. As long as it's truthful. I think genre-bending is just being honest.''' ,'''A lot of times, the people who have the confidence to say, 'I don't know what the rules are, so I'm just going to do what I want,' are the most exciting people.''' ,'''If I was at school and one of my friends said something funny, I'd write it down in a notebook and take it to the writers meetings. I never told my friends about it. I just thought I could incorporate stuff that was true to life.''' ,'''I did a play, back in the day, called 'Sucker Punch,' and it meant so much for me. I was 21. And I went, 'I just want to do work like that.' Stuff I believe in. And when I have compromised, I've never really felt good about it.''' ,'''Giggs is the realest.''' ,'''All I'm doing is being in films that I would watch if I wasn't in this industry.''' ,'''I resent that I have to prove that I'm black.''' ,''''Skins' was like our uni. I'm tight with everyone from 'Skins' because we had that special experience together.''' ,''''A Prophet' is one of my favorite films of all time.''' ,'''I think that's all you do as an actor. You give ingredients for the edit, and the edit's the stew, and they try to make a meal out of it. That's all you are. You just throw things in. This is an idea, this is an idea.''' ,''''Diverse' shouldn't be an actionable thing - it should just be.''' ,'''Racism isn't just in America... Alienation is felt worldwide in different capacities.''' ,'''I am definitely not a household face, and I don't expect to be one.''' ,'''There's a lot of black men running around with crazy trauma scars, and they should be going to therapy. They should be sitting down and talking to people. But they can't. If you've got the armor of being a man, and the armor of being a black man, that hyper-masculine thing can make those scars deeper.''' ,'''I go to music festivals, and people want to talk to me about racism. I'm like, 'Bro, I'm trying to have fun!'''' ,'''I wrote my first play when I was nine. It was performed at Hampstead Theatre.''' ,'''Loads of stuff that I've done has always had a hint of comedy. I did this show called 'Psychoville' that's a horror-comedy. Because I just think that's what life's like.''' ,'''Big up Samuel L. Jackson, because here's a guy who has broken down doors.''' ,'''I know what it means to be stopped by police. I've been stopped by police a lot.''' ,'''I don't think you become a name with just one job.''' ,'''I think the traditional stereotypes are loaded in institutional racism.''' ,'''Usually I do a job, and, like, two weeks later, it disappears and is replaced with something else, but 'Get Out' kept growing and growing and growing, and it keeps taking me to rooms I could never get in before.''' ,'''When you're a young black man, you're not allowed to be emotional. One of the reasons I act is people pay me to be emotional.''' ,'''I think the word 'diverse' is a cancerous word because it's life. It's a PC way of saying 'non-white,' and it ultimately suggests that white is the standard.''' ,'''Whenever I'm in a film that's from a perspective that is dominant within western culture... I'm always trying to prove myself. When it's from a black perspective, I don't have to - they get it.''' ,'''I feel very appreciative of my mum, my girl, my family, my friends.''' ,'''My experience growing up in London and growing up in a working class background is that when people are down and out, that's when they're probably the funniest. They have to be. That's what they do to cope, to find joy, 'cause they don't feel the joy inside. Or they use humor to keep people out.''' ,'''I've been to so many parties in England and in America that's exactly like that, where you're kind of, like, seen as Other. When you're just living your life, and you have to adopt the Other in order to understand and navigate the society.''' ,'''Writing can be really lonely, and I find that bit difficult. I'd rather be around my people, getting ideas.''' ,'''Really, I have no idea how I'm perceived in the industry.''' ,'''I like three-dimensional characters - it's just more interesting when you get on set.''' ,'''I feel like racism's more pronounced in America.''' ,''''Sicario' was a lot of improvisation.''' ,'''When I need a reality check, I call my mum.''' ,'''Being young, working class, and black, everything you do is policed. If someone hits you and you hit back, you are aggressive. If you cry, you are weak. You are kind of always pretending to be something.''' ,'''What's great about 'Skins' is that the characters are exactly like people around you.''' ,'''This industry's hard. The world is hard. Being young and black is tough.''' ,'''I'm dark-skinned. When I'm around black people, I'm made to feel 'other' because I'm dark-skinned. I've had to wrestle with that, with people going, 'You're too black.' Then I come to America, and they say, 'You're not black enough.'''' ,'''I just like playing guys, normal dudes. That's the stuff that I really enjoy watching: when it feels grounded.''' ,'''I just want to tell black stories.''' ,'''When work ends, I'd rather just be seen as Daniel - normal.''' ,'''What I find really exciting is stories from a different viewpoint.''' ,]
+++