+++
author = "Holly Willoughby"
title = "Holly Willoughby Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Holly Willoughby Quotes"
keywords = "holly willoughby,holly willoughby quotes,holly willoughby quote,holly willoughby sayings,holly willoughby saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I actually avoid talking about my diet and exercise regime because I have interviewed so many people affected by eating disorders and I know that some people in chat rooms can really fixate on other people's diets. I just can't contribute to that.''' ,'''I like an eyeshadow stick because I can just wallop it on, smudge it in and you're done!''' ,'''I talk to my mates about our kids, being too tired and being worn out.''' ,'''I'm not completely straight up and down, I'm curvy, so I think I'm sort of a normal shape, wearing normal clothes.''' ,'''I love listening to old 'Desert Island Discs' - I just sit there, switch my head off, and just have that moment.''' ,'''I don't want to encourage eating disorders.''' ,'''You wouldn't expect it to look at him, but in a life-threatening situation you should always turn to Phillip Schofield. On a desert island he would be perfect. Phil is very practical and would build you an amazing shack as well as keep you entertained with all his hundreds of stories.''' ,'''If I do something, I commit. Otherwise you spread yourself too thin.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of John Nettles.''' ,'''On 'This Morning' we've got a really good team of people - everyone knows their jobs inside out so you can really just rely on something to be done.''' ,'''My friends were amazed that I became a TV presenter. I was not a big talker at school - I never liked people seeing my braces, so I walked around with my sleeves pulled over my hands and my hands over my mouth in case anybody saw me smiling.''' ,'''I still dream of having a lifestyle brand but it's not good enough to have that selfish dream when your kids are getting older and have their own interests.''' ,'''There was a time where I wouldn't go out of the house without at least putting mascara on.''' ,'''I was going to university to study psychology and my big ambition in life was to open treatment rooms for psychotherapy.''' ,'''I didn't expect to enjoy my work as much as I do and when you enjoy something it's hard to say no. But I could sit on the sofa and do nothing for weeks. I'd watch telly, I'd eat, I'd go online, I'd be so happy!''' ,'''I don't think you should want everything at work, because home life is so important, and much more nourishing for your soul. One day work will end.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of how I look in the mirror.''' ,'''I love cooking and having people over and it means you don't have to get a babysitter.''' ,'''It's easy for me to look groomed, because I start the day on This Morning and have to be made up - so the rest of the day just follows from there.''' ,'''I've been known to use white noise during fussy times as well as to help a baby sleep.''' ,'''I try not to focus too much on my appearance. As long as I'm being healthy, that's good enough for me.''' ,'''I have a thing about stars, they are my favourite motif.''' ,'''People will always see things that they want to see but, ultimately, 'Celebrity Juice' is about three mates having an absolute laugh.''' ,'''I never wear any makeup over the weekend, unless I'm going to a wedding!''' ,'''I think London as a city is so diverse and multicultural, anything goes really. The fashion here reflects that - there are so many different styles of dressing throughout the city. In London, you can be very experimental with fashion; it's totally accepted, even if you stand out.''' ,'''When I'm interviewing on the sofa for 'This Morning' it just feels like an intimate chat. Yes, there can be a producer talking through your earpiece but it all becomes second nature after a while.''' ,'''I like to let my skin breath as much as possible on my days off, when I don't have to wear full or heavy make-up. So I just apply it as a moisturiser, knowing that it's going to even out my skin tone and give me SPF 15 coverage, too.''' ,'''I mean, something has to give. You can have it all at work, you can have it all at home, but you can't have it all completely combined.''' ,'''Working mums and stay-at-home mums get a tough time. You're damned if you do and damned if you son't. You just have to do what's right for you and not listen to what the mummy brigade say.''' ,'''Without sounding like a right idiot, my mum and my dad are my role models. They devoted everything to my sister and me - and stayed together through everything. It wasn't because they never argued - of course they did - but they worked through it and made their marriage work.''' ,'''Being a mum can be utterly overwhelming.''' ,'''I am fine if I am on a red carpet - I know what to do. You stop and smile and pose for a picture and that's fine.''' ,'''My job as a mother isn't just to provide for my children, it's to be there for them, too - someone they can speak to, hang out with, and lean on.''' ,'''Wear clothes that fit. It's the most important thing. Don't just see something you like and automatically pick up a size 12 because that's what you think you are. Try on the sizes bigger and smaller than what you expect to be, and buy what genuinely fits and feels most comfortable.''' ,'''It is a wrench when you have to go back to work after maternity leave, whether you've had two months or over a year.''' ,'''I like men that shop in Gap and look like proper boys.''' ,'''When I'm home, I never take work calls. If I'm at work, I work; if I'm home that's it, I'm home.''' ,'''I'm a television presenter, television is my first love.''' ,'''I think the fact that we don't usually see 'normal' sized women on television has something to do with the reaction I had. I am quite tall - I am 5ft 8in and a definite size 12 - but you know this whole debate about my revealing too much flesh on TV has been blown out of proportion.''' ,'''I'd fantasised about being married since I was a little girl and dressed up in my mum's wedding dress.''' ,'''Christmas parties for me are less about a sparkly dress and heels and more about the most ridiculous Christmas jumper I can find.''' ,'''There's a certain section of the public who spot me in the street but it's never horrible. I'm not a soap villain who gets spat at.''' ,'''You can take the stress out of Christmas by trying to be as organised as you possibly can.''' ,'''I have always been really scared of trousers, they aren't flattering.''' ,'''For me, I had just come from kids telly, 'Dancing on Ice' was the first grown-up telly I had ever done.''' ,'''I'm not going to change my entire wardrobe just because of what people have said.''' ,'''All my labours were very different, but that moment when you look in your child's eyes for the first time and that feeling of love wooshes into every part of your being was the same for all of them.''' ,'''I like fashion but I'm not in love with fashion.''' ,'''No two births are the same and no two babies are the same, as I found out.''' ,'''I love an elasticated waistband on holiday. I look like the before photo of a makeover. I don't care and no one can see me.''' ,'''A good work-life balance is, for me, the most important thing - and the biggest challenge I have.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a Fleetwood Mac girl. I also think you can't beat a bit of old school Girls Aloud to get in the mood for going out.''' ,'''Just watching this woman owning the TV, there is no doubt that the reason I wanted to get into TV presenting is down to Cilla.''' ,'''When I first started in telly, I had a lot of negative comments... but then I suddenly realised I couldn't be anyone else and actually the bits where I mess up or I'm just me seem to be the things that work.''' ,'''I Iike listening to people talking. I'm really interested in people's lives and what makes us work, what makes us weak, at times, and things that can make us stronger.''' ,'''After doing kid's television on CBBC and messing around with eight and nine year olds, there was a period of three years in the middle of that when I wasn't doing anything. I was working as a receptionist and in a pub; I was a cleaner and all sorts of things. All life has its ups and downs.''' ,'''I'm sorry, I just don't want to be a part of this conspiracy to make women feel pressured about their bodies.''' ,'''Being a mummy is definitely my most favourite job of all, without a shadow of a doubt.''' ,'''I love the dresses I wear, I think they are beautiful and until I think differently, I'll carry on.''' ,'''Skinny jeans don't work on someone, like me, who's a size 12 and has got child-bearing hips.''' ,'''Every woman needs to look in the mirror and instinctively decide what will make her feel happy and good about herself and her body; that's all I did.''' ,'''I love being pregnant, I love giving birth, I love all that, it's like wearing a wedding dress, I don't want that all to be over.''' ,'''All I ever wanted to be was a mum. It wasn't like when I was at school I thought: 'Oh, I'm going to be this big career girl.'''' ,'''On 'I'm A Celebrity' it's important to have chemistry and to have a friendship as a starting point you can grow from.''' ,'''I can't stand the assumption that I'm blonde and a bit stupid.''' ,'''The biggest misconception about me is that people seem to think that I want it all and that I had it all, and I walked away from having it all. That was never part of it. I never wanted it all.''' ,'''My favourite place in the world is home.''' ,'''I love everything about food; if you took it away you would be depriving me of one of my greatest pleasures. I love the whole process of it - buying it, cooking it, eating it, talking about it, talking over it.''' ,'''Sometimes when you see clothes online you don't quite believe those clothes: you think they've been airbrushed. On 'This Morning,' it's a really good opportunity to see how clothes work in real life.''' ,'''I really like Charlotte Tilbury and Burt's Bees lipsticks - so moisturising!''' ,'''I like clothes that feel good, look nice and are comfortable.''' ,'''Because I'm married and like being at home, I'm labelled as a Stepford wife.''' ,'''With any body shape it's important to buy the right size and not be dictated to by size you think you are. Try on a bigger and a smaller size in the shop and see what fits visually. If you do have to go up a size, cut the label out, it's just a number!''' ,'''There was no other training ground like kids' telly for becoming a TV presenter.''' ,'''My sister, Kelly, was really bright and academic. She was head girl of the school and at the top of her year. Because we were so different, we were never in competition. You can't be when you're almost running two different races.''' ,'''I do spend quite a bit on shoes, I've a pair of Swarovski crystal Louboutin shoes, I can never wear them but they look amazing.''' ,'''I know how to dress my figure, so I stay looking good by wearing the right clothes.''' ,'''When you're making a decision that involves your children a certain amount of clarity comes with it.''' ,'''There is a lot of opportunity - wonderful, amazing things, like a dream. But I've got a family, and it's not just about my dreams.''' ,'''Take a picture of you in a mirror or/and get somebody to take a photo of you and look back at it, it's quite a good way to figure out what suits you and looks good.''' ,'''Being a child growing up in the 80s, my mum experimented with dressing me in quite a lot of day-glo.''' ,'''Loads of my jewellery was my mum's.''' ,'''I don't think I'm any different on 'Celebrity Juice' or daytime telly. It's what's going on around me that's different. I don't suddenly become all outrageous and rude on 'Celebrity Juice.'''' ,'''I'm very much, get to work, do my job, go home.''' ,'''Everybody thinks I wear fake tan but I hate fake tan! Never been able to get on with it. I'm always linked to different fake tan brands and it's nonsense because I've probably had three fake tans in my life.''' ,'''I try and get all my shopping done before December so all the presents are wrapped in my lounge and ready so I can really relax and enjoy Christmas.''' ,'''My first day of 'This Morning' was pretty wow, and I think that was just because it was a big huge deal for me. I'd always said 'This Morning' was my dream job so to actually get it and actually be standing there and saying 'Hello, welcome to 'This Morning'... ' that was a big moment.''' ,'''Cuddly toy rabbits were a real comfort for all of my babies - once they got to a certain age they would nuzzle the fur.''' ,'''I love Diet Coke, I drink Diet Coke... What girl doesn't like to have a Diet Coke?''' ,'''I was first spotted for a modeling career and there's no talking involved in that - the thought of doing any sort of public speaking at that time would have terrified me. So that was something I sort of had to learn.''' ,'''That's what a family is, isn't it? Making space and time for one another.''' ,'''As a busy mum, my beauty routine is quite simple, as I don't have a huge amount of time, so I use products that are quick and easy. I don't tend to use different products for night and day either.''' ,'''I have the same issues as the next person, but I do feel very lucky that I've been blessed with three lovely children and that I look forward to going to work, because I know a lot of people don't feel like that.''' ,'''I'm quite active and I try not to let the way I look be the main focus because it's not the most important thing.''' ,'''People think I work a lot more than I do. I think because you're in people's living rooms every day they're like: 'Oh my God, you're always on the telly,' but it's like, 'Yeah but you always have to go to work every day nine till five whereas I finish at 12:30 P.M. and then I'm home.'''' ,'''Everybody knows what leads to a healthy lifestyle, but it's not up to me to give you a blow-by-blow account of what I've eaten that day. It's not helpful, and it's not what's important.''' ,'''I think if you're stressed, it shows in every part of you; how you carry yourself, which then affects your pose, how you hold your face, which then makes you look stressed and so nothing looks relaxed.''' ,'''I was an imaginative kid. My sister needed entertaining, whereas I was the one under the table playing with a bit of fluff on the carpet. I was the sort of child who would spend time rolling up balls of all different kinds of fluff and that would be my little family.''' ,'''I think, myself, I would be quite guilty about wearing the same thing all the time. I would find something that works and stick with it.''' ,'''I always notice a difference in my skin when I drink lots of water and, of course, get plenty of sleep!''' ,]
+++