+++
author = "Jade Jones"
title = "Jade Jones Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Jade Jones Quotes"
keywords = "jade jones,jade jones quotes,jade jones quote,jade jones sayings,jade jones saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Milk is a really important part of my diet. For London, I had to be in the best shape of my life, and having milk every day played a part in that.''' ,'''Psychology is a big part of sport that some people do not realise. But it is a skill you have to practice.''' ,'''Because I am Olympic champion, everyone assumes I am this perfect athlete who should never lose. Every time I step in the ring, I am expected to win.''' ,'''The Olympics was always my be-all and end-all, so when I won, it was the best feeling in the world. But I didn't realise how much it would affect me mentally. All that pressure. I was only 19; I still didn't know everything about taekwondo, I wasn't experienced. I just did amazing on that day and won.''' ,'''I think it's when I won the Youth Olympics I thought, 'I can really get gold in London.'''' ,'''I now have Youth Olympic, Olympic and European Games titles, which is a dream. I didn't fight that well and just scraped through a lot of the fights, but winning is a relief, and it's more points towards the Rio Olympics, which takes a bit of pressure off me.''' ,'''I am Olympic champion for life, and I have learned to enjoy what that means.''' ,'''To be the first British athlete to win a gold is amazing, but to win it in the U.K. is something else. Also, having my family here with me has made it extra special, and I know all my friends back home have been cheering me on and putting posters in their windows. I want to thank them all.''' ,'''Winning the Olympics was an amazing feeling, but afterwards, it was a bit like, 'What do I do now?' So I lost a bit of motivation going back into training and competitions; I had so much pressure on me. I kept thinking, 'I'm the Olympic champion. I can't lose' - being only 19 and having to deal with all that pressure.''' ,'''I want to be European, world and Olympic gold medallist.''' ,'''Everyone has a few little quirks in their preparation - I just tend to do the same sort of things as I did in previous competitions - but there's nothing too weird, sticking with lucky knickers or socks! For instance, I'll see my family the day before a fight but won't see them on the day.''' ,'''I just like to have cereal in the morning, but it'll be those cluster things - it's a bit random - and through the day, I like just pasta, plain pasta with a bit of sauce on it, never too much in case I get a bad belly... and jelly just before I go on for a bit of energy!''' ,'''It's amazing to get one Olympic gold, but you have to be a legend to get two. And that's definitely my aim.''' ,'''I used to be a person who just peaked for the big events, not doing too many competitions, but now you've got to go round chasing all the points because if you're not taking them, someone else is.''' ,'''The hunger has come back now because I want to be a double Olympic champion. I want to be a legend.''' ,'''I had been thinking, 'I've got to win because I'm Olympic champion'; actually, no, it's, 'I'm an Olympic champion for life,' I can just enjoy the rest.''' ,'''To have this gold medal around my neck is just bonkers and still hasn't really sunk in.''' ,'''With taekwondo, anything can happen, really. You get bad days; you get good days of training, so you've just got to hope that you're on it on your day.''' ,'''After the Olympics and being on such a high and then losing in the World Championships, I was distraught. But now, looking back on it, I think it was the biggest blessing. I was going into every fight thinking I have to win because I am Olympic champion and putting too much pressure on myself. I lost my hunger and stopped enjoying my taekwondo.''' ,]
+++