+++
author = "Kevin Parker"
title = "Kevin Parker Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Kevin Parker Quotes"
keywords = "kevin parker,kevin parker quotes,kevin parker quote,kevin parker sayings,kevin parker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Even if people say you look cool and you did well, it's extremely cringey to watch yourself rocking out. It's like listening to your own voice on an answering machine times a hundred, because you're hearing your voice through a microphone outside of a PA at a hundred decibels.''' ,'''When I became a 'rock musician,' I assumed pop music was easy to write and that interesting rock music, or alternative music, was hard. It was only later I realised that writing a pop song is the hardest thing musically.''' ,'''My mum was quite poor, and my dad was rich. She didn't dig that, so she left him.''' ,'''For me, the value of music is the value you extract from it.''' ,'''The more confidence I get with making music, the more I feel like I can just rely on myself to fulfill me.''' ,'''I used to download music illegally. Everyone has. No one is innocent. Everyone has done that.''' ,'''For me, I'm just too bad at remembering the details of lengths of parts of songs, so if we had backing tracks, it would be a recipe for disaster.''' ,'''Surely there's a deeper pursuit to music than getting bros to pump their fists in the air.''' ,'''I wouldn't say making psychedelic music is my focus. That's not the modus operandi for Tame Impala. It's about making music that moves people.''' ,'''There's so many people doing interesting things with the Internet and technology, there could be so many ways of making music and listening to it.''' ,'''My personal life, my musical life, my life as an artist - almost everything has pointed all these little arrows that make up which way I go as a person and what I feel comfortable as my identity.''' ,'''I don't think I've ever listened to 'Sgt. Pepper's' the whole way through.''' ,'''Obviously, artists need to make money and stuff like that, but if you do something good or if you make good art or make good stuff, the wealth will find you in some way.''' ,'''I guess I'm not saying that I think music should be free, but I do think that if people can get it for free, there's nothing anyone can do to stop them. It's kind of a waste of energy to try and force them to pay for it if they don't have to.''' ,'''For me, it's always been draining to be around people for too long because I'm naturally a pretty expressionless person. From an early age, I found being alone incredibly liberating.''' ,'''In the end, for me, music is such an internal thing that to let the outside world influence would be against my modus operandi.''' ,'''For me, working alone is being able to express, which is the artistic part.''' ,'''I write songs every day, but only a few of them get finished.''' ,'''I love to be able to put my hands on a keyboard, to have a guitar and a bass within reach, as well as all the effects.''' ,'''One of the first albums I can remember hearing was a Supertramp best of, with mostly 'Breakfast in America' songs on it. It's kind of the same thing as the Flaming Lips, where there are these really melancholy lyrics and melodies, yet it's extremely uplifting. They're like a nonfuturistic version of the Flaming Lips.''' ,'''I used to hate iPhones. Before I got an iPhone, I used to be like, 'What are you doing, sitting there on your phone. Join the real world, man.' I categorically disliked iPhones. When my friends got an iPhone, I was like, 'Oh, we lost him.'''' ,'''I've always loved listening to music on my own, but there's another side of me that is just fascinated by... like Goa trance, for example - just a rave on a beach in India, you know? Where there's someone that's spinning the music, and it's just this free-flowing, continuous energy.''' ,'''Tame Impala has two lives. One is the album, which is like a producer, and the other life is like a band: more of a live incarnation where we're basically a covers band for the albums that I produce.''' ,'''I had this weird fetish for making the guitar sound like it wasn't a guitar to try and trick people into actually thinking it was a keyboard. I don't know why that was such an obsession, why I didn't just get a keyboard. I guess it was because I had no money.''' ,'''At different times in life, I've felt like it's time to say goodbye from some form of myself that's been hanging around for a while - you just feel this urge to move on, like a herd of antelope. They're just standing there in a field eating grass. You feel like that as a person sometimes. Where's it's just time to move on.''' ,'''I make music that surfers dig, but, like Brian Wilson in the Beach Boys, I'm the dude who never gets on the board.''' ,''''Lonerism' is such an insular, detached album.''' ,'''I've always been of the idea that is doesn't really matter where you are geographically - with 'Lonerism,' we made half the album in Australia, half the album in Paris.''' ,'''Making music is so spiritual. I'm not a spiritual person, but music is sacred to me.''' ,'''I've always had these morals I've sort of put on myself: that excess is bad. I used to be into Buddhism and stuff. I was vegetarian. I was all about shutting things out.''' ,'''In the end, I'm lucky enough to travel the world and make albums and not have to worry about not having a job.''' ,'''The first time someone asked us for an autograph was the moment we realized we were doing something that most people spend their teenage years dreaming about, for sure.''' ,'''Tame Impala is kind of psych-pop.''' ,'''I'm always working on new music.''' ,'''In high school, I was an absolute derelict.''' ,'''Listening to my dad playing guitar along to 'Sleepwalk' by the Shadows was probably the first time I discovered emotion in music.''' ,'''My brother Steve, who was a few years older than me, had 'Bad' on tape, and I remember listening to 'Smooth Criminal' and just thinking it was the coolest thing ever. I must have been five or six at the time, and I remember walking around school by myself thinking I was Michael Jackson. I wasn't dancing, exactly - more like walking musically.''' ,'''That's how a lot of Tame Impala songs start out - as ideas for songs I could potentially give to someone else. I think of them with a different persona in mind; it's just a subconscious way of not being bound by what you think you are as an artist.''' ,'''Trying new things and experimenting is something I push myself to do. It's one thing to have love for all different kinds of music; it's another thing to bring them together seamlessly and make them coherent.''' ,'''I used to think interacting with people in the audience, touching people in the crowd, was a total ego-based thing. I never realized how fulfilling it would be. It's more about being on the receiving end - it's people giving. That's a powerful realization.''' ,'''Sometimes you really rely on the audience to have a good time playing live, and sometimes you could have zero people or a thousand, and you'd feel exactly the same.''' ,'''Bands can become absolutely huge and actually be pretty terrible musicians, and bands can be the most amazing songwriters and musicians in the world and never play for more than 10 people. With that in mind, getting successful doesn't mean anything.''' ,'''I like a messy hotel room. It's a little slice of home.''' ,'''For me, pop melodies are their own thing that have their own emotion, but they don't necessarily belong exclusively in a pop song.''' ,'''For 'Lonerism,' I really wanted make a non-psychedelic record. That's why the dominant instrument is the synthesiser, but maybe it didn't quite turn out that way.''' ,'''There's all this talk of music needing a monetary value, this ownership of music, even that it needs a physical form. But intrinsically... it's music. It should be better than that.''' ,'''I've always liked pop music. I love what it does to my brain, and I've shut it out for a long time.''' ,'''To me, rock and roll is like an ethos or a state of mind.''' ,'''Some of my most important musical experiences were from a burnt CD with songs my friend downloaded for me at a terrible digital quality.''' ,'''Once I've got something that I feel is strong, if I get long enough to think about it, it'll turn into something. I'll start thinking about the drums - what the drums are doing, what the bass is doing. Then, if I can remember it by the time I get to a recording device, it'll turn into a song.''' ,'''I actually think looking to the past for inspiration is pretty redundant.''' ,'''One of my mottos for 'Currents' was 'Give the song what it deserves.' How would this song flourish? If the song could tell me what it wants, what can I give it? I tried not to dictate it with any sensible or logical decisions.''' ,'''Making music is all about forgetting about everything around you.''' ,'''It's a lot harder to reach people's hearts than it is to reach people's brains.''' ,'''Grunge gave me a sense of identity, and I remember really associating with 'Silverchair,' who were these chilled-out Australian teenagers. The fact that they were teenagers was a big deal for me. It was like, 'Oh, man, you don't have to be a 30-year-old to do this.'''' ,'''I love the Beatles, but I don't listen to them at all regularly. Most of my friends are bigger Beatles fans than I am. I respect them, and I love them - 'Abbey Road' is probably one of my favorite albums, but I don't think I've ever listened to the 'White Album' the whole way through.''' ,'''I have almost no memory of my parents ever speaking to each other. They split up on bad terms. I assumed that's what family life was like. Just essentially a soap opera.''' ,'''I've played festivals in Australia. If it's a dance music festival or mainstream festival, there's maybe, like, 10 percent who pay attention to the music.''' ,'''I've always made music on my own, but I didn't think there was a platform for that, so I thought I had to pretend it was a band.''' ,'''After my grunge phase, I started opening my horizons and listening to more electronic stuff. I got into Radiohead, specifically 'Amnesiac' - my brother gave me that album.''' ,'''I don't think you can reach the same highs working in a band as you can on your own.''' ,'''The way I do it is there's never recording 'sessions.' One finishes, the next one starts. It's just continuous.''' ,'''If someone says, 'Hey man, I love your album, it really got me through a breakup, but I downloaded it for free,' I'll be like, 'Good! That's good!' Maybe he didn't have the money for the album, but if he still listened to it, and it's an important part of his life, that's all I can ask for. I don't want his twenty bucks.''' ,'''I never know when a record is finished until it's almost finished.''' ,'''What do you call that when you add '-ism' on the end of a word? What is that process? 'Wordism'? Something like that, yeah.''' ,'''If I'm really jet-lagged and need to get to sleep, I just try and watch cartoons. As long as it's animated, I don't care - it has to have that distance from real life.''' ,'''The more I question myself about why I think pop is taboo, the more I realize it's not.''' ,'''If I'm recording a song, and it's kind of fuzzed out, but I've got this super candy melody, I feel nothing but freedom that I can just sing over the top, and it will be appreciated. It won't be like, 'What is he doing?'''' ,'''I always manage to keep myself busy.''' ,'''I wanted to make something that, from the sound of it, could be down at the club. I just realised that I'd never heard Tame Impala played somewhere with a dance floor or where people were dancing.''' ,'''I write songs every day, but I don't necessarily get to record them.''' ,'''It's largely a misconception that Tame Impala is a band. We play as a band on stage, but it's really not how it is at all on the album. The album is just me.''' ,'''Michael Jackson's one of my favorite artists of my whole life. In fact, I think he is my favorite. It's one of the first things I fell in love with before I learned about genres and before I knew what was cool to like.''' ,'''I don't like the idea that I'm a one-trick pony, even if I am! No matter what else I do, I have to make sure that 'Elephant' isn't Tame Impala's biggest song anywhere.''' ,'''The worst time for me is in the final few hours of taking a track that you've worked on for two years and bouncing it down to the final stereo mix. The overwhelming emotion for me is complete and utter fear that I've made a mistake. I'm scared. Afterward, I obsess endlessly about it.''' ,'''It's kind of always been a secret fantasy of mine, the idea of writing a song and then not having to be the face of it.''' ,'''I think after a long tour and after an album, your brain feels like it wants to relax, but at the same time, making music for me is something that comes kind of naturally. Just like a brain process.''' ,'''I don't really hear the Beatles when I listen to my own music.''' ,'''I just record whenever I can, whenever I'm home, whenever I have access to something that can make music.''' ,'''I grew up in the grunge era. I've always resisted the idea of being part of a machine, wanting just to be an artist in my own right. But at some point, I just realized shutting things out took more energy than just letting it in.''' ,'''I hate when bands make beige, middle-of-the-road music. I guess you can say 'Lonerism' is the war on beige music.''' ,'''When I was 14 or 15, I was dead-set on becoming a rock star - the same as anybody who picks up a guitar at that age.''' ,'''Nothing matches the sheer euphoria of discovering a new melody or a new batch of chords that just come out of nowhere.''' ,'''I've spent a lot of my life forcing myself to do the right thing, and nowadays, I've just forgotten about all that. It's far more romantic just to let all your vices and fetishes come out and shine.''' ,'''I'd say most of the rest of the world are bigger Beatles fans than me. They'd know more of the songs and more of the lyrics - I don't really know that stuff. I just respect them.''' ,'''I'll write songs wherever I am.''' ,'''I didn't even know that small bands played in Las Vegas. I just thought it was, like, Celine Dion and stuff.''' ,'''Whatever it is that my heart wants, I'll do it, which is different than I used to be. I used to tell my heart what it wanted.''' ,'''With each award we get, we become a little bit more overrated. That's what it feels like.''' ,'''It's funny how concert dreams are such a recurring thing among musicians. It's like how everyone has that dream of their teeth falling out? Except musicians have this dream of just standing onstage and there being all these people out there, and for some reason, the song isn't starting.''' ,'''With 'Innerspeaker' I was trying to do these hypnotic '60s grooves, but it was so hypnotic and repetitive that they sounded like they were sampled. It was making electronic sampled music but using real instruments to do it.''' ,'''I'm actually in love with all of Scandinavia.''' ,'''When I try and extract what it is about my music that I do or love or try to create, I'm never aware of it at the time. I just make something.''' ,'''I feel like music will be free sooner or later, and I think I'm all for it.''' ,'''It's 2013, and you can make music anywhere. We've got laptops.''' ,'''I was always putting songs on the Internet, but I was never into pushing them on anyone.''' ,'''The inspiration to write a song comes to me when something has happened to me more than once. If it's happened to me more than once, it's probably happened to other people.''' ,'''Songwriting has become such a big part of what I do that emotions and the melodies that accompany them blur into one.''' ,'''I've always argued that all Tame Impala melodies are pure pop. It's just that 'Lonerism,' for example, is a completely rumbling, fuzzed out psychedelic rock album. But for me, it was just pop music produced the way that I like to produce it.''' ,'''My brain has a weird way of turning pressure into other things. I make a point to myself of shrugging it off - of going the other way and doing something for myself, wanting to do something better. For example, I know that I could have made 'Lonerism 2.0' in a day, but it wouldn't have satisfied me.''' ,]
+++