+++
author = "Laura Loomer"
title = "Laura Loomer Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Laura Loomer Quotes"
keywords = "laura loomer,laura loomer quotes,laura loomer quote,laura loomer sayings,laura loomer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My only crime is breathing and existing.''' ,'''I love Roger Stone. He's very provocative, and I like that about him. He's not afraid to take risk, and he's not afraid to say things.''' ,'''I am not Alt-Right, but I am Jewish and have publicly denounced the Alt-Right.''' ,'''I have 265,000 followers on Twitter - before I was banned.''' ,'''Right Wing watch falsely accused me of harassing Oliver Darcy, a reporter for CNN. However, I was practicing real journalism at a Conservative conference where it is the consensus that 'CNN' is fake news.''' ,'''As a guerrilla journalist, I participate in the news by holding individuals who are in the news accountable through personal interactions. That involves confronting people in ambush interviews, secretly recording them, or engaging in a conversation with them when they are caught off guard.''' ,'''People are more willing to say things when they don't know they're being recorded.''' ,'''I support Richard Spencer's right to say what he wants. He can be nasty about Jewish people, he has a right to free speech, but I don't want to be a part of that.''' ,'''Conservative is the new counter culture, and I consider myself to be a member of the counter culture.''' ,'''I am not going to stand by as people like Jack Dorsey and Mark Zuckerberg silence the voices of millions of conservatives.''' ,'''My investigative journalism is great; I know I get results.''' ,'''Who is Jack Dorsey protecting? Who are the social media companies protecting when they ban people for reporting facts about Islamic Jihad and Sharia in America? Who? Who are they protecting? Islamic terrorists, that's who they're protecting.''' ,'''How am I supposed to pay my bills? I can't get a regular job because I have been accused of being a Nazi. Am I supposed to be homeless?''' ,'''Just because I don't want to stand on stage with Richard Spencer or Baked Alaska doesn't make me any less conservative.''' ,'''I've been silenced in America.''' ,'''I will always treasure the nearly 3 years I spent working for James O'Keefe as an undercover journalist at Project Veritas.''' ,'''Sharia law is completely incompatible with our constitution!''' ,'''Twitter is upholding sharia when they ban me for tweeting facts about sharia law.''' ,'''I plan on suing all of the Left wing terrorists and tech tyrants who are trying to shut me down simply because I am a Conservative Jewish woman who speaks truth about Islam.''' ,'''Social media companies like Twitter and Facebook get to decide whether or not you get pertinent information about national security issues in your country.''' ,'''I'm one of President Trump's biggest supporters.''' ,'''Roger Stone is one of my personal heroes.''' ,'''I'm not telling people what to do, but I also wish people would not only condemn political violence against the Right but also anti-Semitism.''' ,'''It's now a crime to be a conservative in America.''' ,'''The Women's March hates Jews!''' ,'''The Left doesn't support blue lives.''' ,'''Nobody ever wants to hire me or offer me a job. I think I'm really talented; I really do. Like, people may not like my views about Muslims or whatever.''' ,'''It's egregious that CPAC and Matt Schlapp have decided to bow to the leftist outrage mob and ban one of President Trump's most prominent supporters. I am extremely offended and appalled that I've been banned by my own people.''' ,'''Jamal Khashoggi was a Muslim Brotherhood operative, and so I don't really feel sympathy for him.''' ,'''Oliver Darcy is a perpetual victim. He is constantly advocating for people to be banned and silenced. As a member of the media, Oliver Darcy should respect our First Amendment right.''' ,'''My life has become extremely hard. I am banned on Twitter. I'm banned on Uber. I'm banned on Lyft. I'm banned on Venmo. I'm banned on GoFundMe. I'm banned on PayPal. I'm banned on Uber Eats. I can't even order a sandwich.''' ,'''Stop the normalisation of political violence against the Right!''' ,'''I'm speaking out against social media bias.''' ,'''I consider myself to be a guerrilla journalist. Some would call me a provocateur, but I am a journalist who uses ambush and undercover tactics to uncover the truth and expose people for who they truly are.''' ,'''I think that Jamal Khashoggi was an enemy of the state, and I don't really think that it's appropriate for American media institutions to be, you know, trying to generate sympathy. He's not a hero.''' ,'''People may trash me, but at least they're talking about me.''' ,'''Censorship is un-American, and it's egregious that any journalist would advocate for others to be banned for political speech.''' ,]
+++