+++
author = "Enrique Iglesias"
title = "Enrique Iglesias Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Enrique Iglesias Quotes"
keywords = "enrique iglesias,enrique iglesias quotes,enrique iglesias quote,enrique iglesias sayings,enrique iglesias saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My inspiration are the woman, friendship, and loneliness.''' ,'''The power of music in Spanish is so strong, that I couldn't stay away from it any longer.''' ,'''Being anxious is the worst feeling in the world.''' ,'''The only thing I have no control over is the politics that goes on within the record company. It's always been the same, but it's far tougher now, because record companies are run by financial people; before, they were run by creative people.''' ,'''My motivations are thinking I can write better songs, that the concerts can be better.''' ,'''I'm very romantic.''' ,'''My best personality trait that I think I'm very approachable. And my worst is that I can be moody.''' ,'''I'm quite grounded.''' ,'''I'm so proud of who I am and where I come from and who my father is.''' ,'''The one thing I've learned in the last ten years is that successful artists don't get paid to write and sing songs, they get paid for the psychological roller coaster they're going to have to ride. That's the hard work.''' ,'''I am really passionate about sports in general - especially water sports.''' ,'''I go from English to Spanish, and I feel I have some cool songs.''' ,'''I know it sounds corny, but when you follow your dreams, it happens. And if it's music, take it seriously.''' ,'''There hasn't been one moment in my career where I felt I didn't have any control over the creative aspects of my records.''' ,'''We all feel love, and that might sound kind of corny, but I really feel that's what joins musicians together around the world.''' ,'''I mean, if you turn on the radio, love is 90 percent of the music.''' ,'''I always respect a woman.''' ,'''If you're buying an album because of the face on it, you're stupid.''' ,'''I'm a good person, but with many defects.''' ,'''I don't sleep much. It takes me a long time to fall asleep. I'm a bit of an insomniac but, when I fall asleep, I don't ever want to wake up.''' ,'''There are days that I wake up and I complain, and when I complain I pinch myself and say, 'that's for complaining.' Not many people can do what they really like in life.''' ,'''The way I look at it, I'd rather make my own mistakes than have people make them for me.''' ,'''I've worked a lot during the night. But I don't sleep in the day either.''' ,'''As an artist, I've been very fortunate.''' ,'''If they would have told me when I was just 18 that I was going to have a career that would last so long, I'd have said it was impossible, that it was crazy that that could happen in my life, so I'm happy to be here. To be able to go out on stage every day.''' ,'''I love what I do, and I think I've appreciated it more throughout the years, but just to keep on traveling, keep on doing shows, and hopefully making better albums. That's always my goal.''' ,'''I don't like being lied to, so I only lie about the stupid things. White lies, basically.''' ,'''I was happier before, when I lead a normal life.''' ,'''I care about politics just like any other citizen. I'm against the war in Iraq, or any type of war.''' ,'''If you come from Spain, you have to play football.''' ,'''Love is one of my main inspirations.''' ,'''I don't care what people say. My music's, my music.''' ,'''And people coming up asking for autographs, there's only one time when it kind of bothers me: when I'm eating.''' ,'''I really want to fall in love.''' ,'''When I'm in love, I wake up happy.''' ,'''I prefer love over sex.''' ,'''My tennis skills are okay.''' ,'''Yes, I have made a woman cry.''' ,'''Realistically, English is a universal language; it's the number one language for music and for communicating with the rest of the world.''' ,'''I wouldn't change anything. I've made mistakes, but thanks to those mistakes, I've learned.''' ,'''Yeah, exactly, you can talk about politics in music, you can talk about something else, but that's always going to change, and love is never going to change.''' ,]
+++