+++
author = "Sonam Kapoor"
title = "Sonam Kapoor Quotes"
quotes_len = "79"
description = "the best 79 Sonam Kapoor Quotes"
keywords = "sonam kapoor,sonam kapoor quotes,sonam kapoor quote,sonam kapoor sayings,sonam kapoor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am trying to be a girl who is real and has an opinion. Might say stupid things but not scared of men, and for me that's important.''' ,'''I'm honest. If someone asks about my weight loss, I tell them I have five people working on me, plus there's Photoshop. I tell them I can't eat everything and look good. I was unhealthy when I was fat, and now I'm a normal body type. I'm not special; I'm just an actress, and boys and girls are intelligent enough to recognise that.''' ,'''I am someone who actually jumps headlong into everything and anything. I am not one of those people who likes to be scared; instead I have a tendency to be very, very open to everything. I really live; I love life.''' ,'''I always admired the beautiful stars of Hollywood and dreamt of becoming one of them.''' ,'''I listen to a lot of what my sister Rhea says. I give her a lot of credit for my stuff. When people give me credit for my fashion choices, it's my sister who creates them. This whole fashionable avatar has been created by her. It's her brainchild. It's not me at all. Rhea really takes care of me, though I am older than her.''' ,'''In a lot of ways, if I were ambitious about anything - besides my career - I'd be ambitious about love. Ambitious in the sense that I really hope to find true love.''' ,'''I love Italian fashion - the sense of style that Italians have as part of their DNA. Nobody is like them.''' ,'''Thanks to my father, I didn't have to face the tough side of life. Probably that's why I always chose love over money.''' ,'''I think most couples drift apart because of comparisons. Unfortunately, in our society a perfect match is when the man is more successful than the woman.''' ,'''Style is an expression of your individuality. Who you are and what your mood is, is what you wear.''' ,'''I didn't like Barbie dolls, so I used to have this overactive imagination, and I used to pretend to be all these different things. My weird childhood fetishes seem to have come to life now as an actor.''' ,'''I'm a socially concerned citizen of India. I have strong views on issues of social and political relevance. But it's very difficult to voice it in an intelligent manner without it sounding contrived. Because people think you're saying or doing all this as a PR exercise, not from your heart.''' ,'''I may not be the number one movie star, or my films might not be doing too good. I am grateful for what life has offered me. I have got a great family, parents are together, have a great sister, I get to holiday. All these things make me grateful towards life, for everything. I always say - have an attitude of gratitude.''' ,'''I think every single imperfection adds to your beauty. I'd rather be imperfect than perfect.''' ,'''Style is all about being comfortable. I don't believe in following a style because it is a trend. I need to be comfortable in my clothes.''' ,'''I am naive when it comes to love, you know what I mean? I do believe in falling in love at first sight and things like that.''' ,'''One needs to constantly read up, practice and work, irrespective of your profession. If I feel as an actor that I know everything, then how will I to grow? How will I improve? I'll be stuck in a rut, and eventually I'll grow complacent.''' ,'''Art reflects society. Cinema doesn't dictate - you portray what the society demands.''' ,'''I don't like men who treat women like arm candies. He should treat me like an equal or better. And then he should be a good human being. He should see the human side of things. I like men who stand up for what's right and who don't cheat.''' ,'''I'd like to have a successful marriage, not for the sake of labelling or branding, but because I believe in the institution of marriage.''' ,'''When I get into relationships, I'm an all-or-nothing person. I just completely give in to the person. It becomes my first priority in life; family, friends and career follow.''' ,'''I love being called a fashion icon!''' ,'''As actors, we want to choose somebody who has conflicts. I can't be always playing the girl next door. What's the challenge in that?''' ,'''Opposites generally create intense chemistry. There are more chances of fireworks when different people are together than similar personalities.''' ,'''For some people, the highlight of their entire month could be going out and eating a pizza or watching a movie at a multiplex, and here I am visiting four countries in a month. So, in that way, movies have made me socially aware. I now know how simple people live their lives.''' ,'''Indian junk food is my sin, even though I pretend to like Japanese.''' ,'''In my personal life, I have always been bold, from the clothes I wear to how I talk. For me, boldness does not necessarily mean stripping. I think people have wrong notion about boldness. For me, bold is being different.''' ,'''I don't think most books can be justifiably translated on screen. The film versions can't convey the right emotion, fuel your imagination or allow you to visualise every line the way books do.''' ,'''I love eating. Unfortunately, I have to be really determined and control my foodie temptations. That is the only thing I don't like about being an actress; the constant need to check my weight. Otherwise, I love my job!''' ,'''Women of worth are those who want positive change for themselves, their families, community or society, which I think is important. For me, a woman of worth is someone who has self -espect, who believes that she can change things in society.''' ,'''I don't care about controversies. I am a young woman with an opinion about certain things. I can't be diplomatic. I am a feminist, and as long as I can be the voice of hundreds of girls out there, I will speak my mind. I don't care what other people think.''' ,'''I have an unending shoe closet. In fact, I don't even know how many shoes I have.''' ,'''I have eclectic taste, and I love vintage style mixed with glamour and old world charm.''' ,'''I don't compete with actresses; I only compete with heroes.''' ,'''I am very romantic. Given a choice, I'd do only romantic films!''' ,'''I love dressing up. I have people helping me with it. I am not going to take credit for that. I have a stylist, make-up and hair stylist.''' ,'''I have aspirations to conquer the world. Let's see what happens.''' ,'''No relationship works without making an effort. That goes without saying. But you should never overcompensate.''' ,'''It makes me happy that people recognise me and want to click pictures with me. But sometimes, I want to be a common person. I want to go to a coffee shop and just chill. I miss driving my car with the windows rolled down.''' ,'''I feel I am lucky. I am grateful for this life that God has given me. I am happy, as I am getting to do work that I want to do and enjoy doing it.''' ,'''I am Anil Kapoor's daughter, so I am always compared with legends. It is a part and parcel of my life.''' ,'''I'm a bad girl. I always fall for good guys.''' ,'''I don't want to be the biggest superstar. I want to be good at my job, and I want my work to go down in posterity. I am working for the longevity of my career.''' ,'''It's not okay to be fat - not because of the way you look, but because it's unhealthy. I have experienced hormonal problems, bad skin, immense laziness, and back and knee pain. It's not fine to be too fat or too thin! Anything in extremes is wrong. I am afraid of putting on weight because I don't want to develop health problems.''' ,'''It's difficult for me to really temper my personality, but I am trying to be a little more sensible about it. If I really lose my temper, I go to my room and scream and shout, but I try not to lose it on people any more. I've never said something mean just like that. I've only said things in retaliation.''' ,'''Be it a trip to the dentist, getting an injection or even coming home with a good report card, my reward always had to be a book. I didn't care much for anything else.''' ,'''I am very ambitious and have set goals for myself. I really don't keep a tab on what my contemporaries are doing. I want to push myself as an actress and don't want to get into the rat race. With every film, I want to grow as a person and an actress. The character I play needs to change me in real life.''' ,'''I only discovered the 'Harry Potter' series in my tenth standard. I dived right into it, often reading non-stop through the day and night. It was the morning after one such readathon when I was to appear for a Chemistry exam. Spending my night with the third edition of Harry Potter didn't help much, and I fared poorly.''' ,'''It's unfortunate when people say you can't wear skirts or do item numbers, or a girl can't dress in a certain way. Are we going back to dark ages?''' ,'''I've always acted; in fact, I can't remember a time when I was not. When I was little, cinema was a game, then my father's job and now mine.''' ,'''I've realized I have to be very careful in what I say. I speak my heart out. Such honesty is not appreciated in the film industry. Instead, it is twisted and distorted. A lot of what I say is lost in translation.''' ,'''I had lost my way for some time, so I need to do things that I am happy with. It's not about being the number one heroine or money. It's about doing roles that I enjoy. My biggest ambition is happiness.''' ,'''You marry out of free will. If I marry, it will be from a personal choice, not some social compulsion or norm.''' ,'''I've battled my weight since I was 12. My parents took to us to New York once, for a holiday, and there I'd buy fruit loops from a 24x7 shop and sit down with my books. I never played; I wasn't that kind of kid - I just read. I ate chocolates like peanuts. I was 86kg till I was 19.''' ,'''I know people who enjoy having 10 people running around and doing things for them. I don't. I feel awkward in such situations. It gives you a false sense of importance.''' ,'''I like bad boys... not really bad, but men with an edge... they should be clean but have that streak.''' ,'''I'm the worst liar in the world.''' ,'''Anytime I fall in love, I feel it's a first time. I have had no successful love story yet. I hope I will succeed next time when I fall in love.''' ,'''For me, a holiday is about taking a book and going to a mountain and reading.''' ,'''I like potential in people. If I find someone who has lot of potential and can do something with life, then I don't see bank balance, which family he comes from, or his religion.''' ,'''Reading has made me more open, has improved my understanding, and has made me a better artiste, but it also makes me live in my own bubble. My mom keeps asking me, 'What do you read in that room the whole day?' Once I am into a book, I will finish it.''' ,'''So many women are financially dependent on men. So why can't men be dependent on women? I'm totally okay with it.''' ,'''I could never fall in love just for money. I like my co-stars, and they are a bunch of good-looking men. But I've dated an actor. My dream man has to be a lot more than just good looking and rich!''' ,'''I always believe that it's better to be idealistic in love than be that cynic. That's the only way to survive a relationship.''' ,'''If you are dressing up, then dress to the hilt, else let it go easy. But no matter what, pay attention to the nails. Whether you keep it short, long, varnished or plain, it has to look good.''' ,'''Indian women love to dress up like princesses. In India, people still go to the market to buy fabrics, garments are made-to-order, and friends come with you to the fittings.''' ,'''It's not a responsibility to be a fashion diva. I enjoy it and also enjoy getting up in morning and putting on make-up, getting ready. I don't think there is any girl who doesn't like to look good and wear good clothes.''' ,'''My parents find me hilarious. They don't pull me up for anything because I'm a good daughter. I stay at home, don't party too much, people don't talk about my affairs or that I am unprofessional. In fact, people tell my parents that I'm so well-brought up. Yes, I tend to shoot my mouth off, but they don't pull me up for that.''' ,'''I don't know what to expect out of my films. My first two films were with extremely talented directors, and they didn't work. And my next two films were with newcomers, and they worked well. So I've stopped expecting anything from my movies.''' ,'''I want to get fitter. And yes, I'm learning hot yoga to get a bikini body. I don't believe one has to sport a size-zero figure to flaunt it. One just needs a fit, sexy and toned body.''' ,'''I like wearing beautiful clothes, but that does not translate into my work. People don't like to see me as a glam doll in my movies. My audience and the media love me with two different perceptions. It's a strange, crazy situation.''' ,'''Many people make fun of me because I'm always so dressed up, but they don't understand that there's a little girl inside me who always wanted to be that dressed up but never got to do that because I was always a certain weight.''' ,'''I don't shoot two films at the same time. I finish one character and get into another character because I change my look for every film. It's difficult, but I enjoy doing that.''' ,'''People take things too personally - I don't. If someone says something about me, I let it go. But unfortunately, everyone isn't like that. So I'm trying to be more diplomatic - but people always want a headline from me!''' ,'''My mom would always read a book to me at night from when I was three. Now, I can't go to sleep without reading a book. At the same time, once I read, it's difficult for me to go to sleep, as I have an overactive imagination and I start thinking.''' ,'''I am mentally strong, but physically I'm constantly unwell. I internalise a lot of things, and if something stresses me or disturbs me, I don't talk about it and make myself sick with it.''' ,'''I like to save people, to take care of them... So, the pattern is that I date guys before they become big, and then they become successful and - whoops - there goes my project!''' ,'''I always do things that are not the flavour of the season. And that's why people like me.''' ,'''Being in love is the best feeling on the planet. I really believe that love makes the world go round.''' ,]
+++