+++
author = "Kristin Cavallari"
title = "Kristin Cavallari Quotes"
quotes_len = "67"
description = "the best 67 Kristin Cavallari Quotes"
keywords = "kristin cavallari,kristin cavallari quotes,kristin cavallari quote,kristin cavallari sayings,kristin cavallari saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was kind of a tough girl. And I guess that came through, like, moving around, my parents getting a divorce, different step-families, and stuff like that. I'd been through a little bit more than most people who are just from Laguna Beach.''' ,'''No one's ever told me I needed to get a facelift or anything.''' ,'''My dad was very excited about me doing 'Laguna Beach,' and he thought it was a great opportunity. My mom, however, living in Chicago, was a little nervous. I mean she had some reservations about MTV. I think there was a point in my life where I wasn't even allowed to watch MTV!''' ,'''I'm - like, 80% of the time, I'm the biggest health nut. I'm usually really healthy.''' ,'''I think the hardest part of being a working mom is that I miss my kids a lot.''' ,'''I would never put my close friends or a real relationship on a show.''' ,'''Nothing you see on TV is real.''' ,'''I'm the most boring pregnant woman ever.''' ,'''I always give myself a three-month period where I would just hibernate and wouldn't even think about the baby weight. I would just be with my baby in my own little world. And then, once I started getting more energy and wasn't so tired, then I would hit the gym.''' ,'''I don't really regret anything in my life.''' ,'''I don't shop online. I'm always scared to put my credit card on the Internet!''' ,'''I like to wear what I feel good in, not what the latest trend is.''' ,'''The only time producers fed me lines on 'Laguna Beach' were more fake phone calls or pickup scenes. We'd film for nine months out of the year, and then they would start cutting episodes together, and they would realize that they needed a specific scene.''' ,'''Headlines are so great in a sense that they can take a little bit from an article completely out of context and blow it into something it's not. Some people really only read headlines.''' ,'''It's so crazy to look at your life and see how far you've come.''' ,'''It's important to let kids be themselves and to let them make mistakes. Self-discovery goes a long way.''' ,'''I think it's important for people to know that there's no such thing as a perfect relationship, you know?''' ,'''I've been known to sext from time to time. Gotta do whatcha gotta do! Even if it means you are doing five other things at the same time and just going along with it for your man.''' ,'''My personal style can be everything from girly and flirty to edgy and chic.''' ,'''I love Chloe Sevigny's style - the way she manages to add a touch of rock n' roll to every look.''' ,'''I say what's on my mind. I go after what I want.''' ,'''Having an infant is stressful, and I know I won't get a lot of sleep initially, but it will be worth it.''' ,'''I don't want a huge wedding. I don't want it to be some huge spectacle.''' ,'''I have a lot of sides to my personality and what you see on 'The Hills' is a strong, independent woman, which I am. But I also have a sensitive side that I don't show too much.''' ,'''I've always had a little pooch. I just always have - that's just my body type. No matter how skinny I've been, it's always there. And now that I've had kids, I sort of don't mind as much because, you know what? What my stomach and my body went through is truly a miracle.''' ,'''I'm not a big dancer!''' ,'''It's an unwritten rule - girl friends' boyfriends are off limits, even after they break up.''' ,'''I hate watching myself on screen! I absolutely hate it, it's so hard to watch. I can see myself in magazines, but watching on TV or movies is like, 'Ugh.'''' ,'''When you finally have kids, you realize how selfish you are. I think we are naturally selfish beings. When you have kids, that can kind of be a shock at first. I think just trying to make time for yourself is very hard. Especially now that I have 3, finding that time can be very difficult.''' ,'''I have no urge to go back to college.''' ,'''I would love to have my own shoe line. That I would absolutely love.''' ,'''Dancers carry themselves in completely different ways to how we do in our everyday lives. They are very free with their bodies which I'm not used too.''' ,'''I live in Chicago, but my work is always in New York or L.A., so I always have to travel for my job.''' ,'''I'm very open to dating and finding a guy.''' ,'''Every child is completely different. My two boys are opposites. Camden was such an easy baby. Jaxon is more of our rebel wild child, but he's also a mama's boy.''' ,'''It's very difficult to change the perception people have of you.''' ,'''I think a lot of girls look up to me because I'm a strong woman.''' ,'''If a guy won't commit, he's a player.''' ,'''I truly believe that everything I need to flourish nutritionally is found in nature and that some stuff just shouldn't be messed with, especially the food I'm putting in my body.''' ,'''I just want to raise a confident girl. I just want her to know that she doesn't need to be sending naked pictures and doing all that stuff - I'm definitely going to monitor everything. I want to raise her to know that she can go do whatever she wants in life and to be comfortable in her own skin, which I think also just comes with age and time.''' ,'''I moved around so much when I was younger that I sort of had to have this type of exterior; you know, I was afraid of getting hurt.''' ,'''GMOs are linked to digestive problems, among other things. Antibiotics and growth hormone are other additives being excessively pumped into the animals we are eating, which means we're then consuming these excess antibiotics and hormones. And some processed foods actually contain toxic chemicals, often used to prevent spoilage and enhance flavor.''' ,'''People don't know the real me. The hard times I went through are what led me to my life now. I was a mess as a teen! I was kind of wild and really unhappy.''' ,'''If you're looking for a boyfriend, you aren't gonna find one. They seem to come into your life when you least expect it.''' ,'''I sort of have stepped out of the public eye, and it's actually been really refreshing.''' ,'''I own a lot of shoes; I am not sure how many.''' ,'''I'm completely done with reality TV.''' ,'''I have such a great relationship with my mom that I'm so excited to, hopefully, have that same relationship with my daughter.''' ,'''Coconut oil is one of them. I call it miracle oil because you can literally do everything with it. I have it in the kitchen, and then I also have it in the bathroom. It's great as a hair mask, too; I actually put it on my hair yesterday.''' ,'''It happened on 'Laguna Beach' where you don't know what's real and fake, and I saw cast members who couldn't distinguish what was real and what was fake anymore. It was kind of scary to see, so I kept them very separate so that I didn't go crazy.''' ,'''Actually, if I don't eat healthy food I don't feel good. For me, I crave healthy food.''' ,'''Everything that I've done has made me who I am today. You know, it's cliche, but it's true.''' ,'''I really believe that my family's infrequency of getting sick is due to our diet.''' ,'''I always wanted kids but I always thought I'd have kids later on in my life, maybe when I turn 30. I really wanted to focus on my career, but you meet the right person and your whole world changes.''' ,'''Sometimes guys are so concerned with being cool and hanging out with their friends. They don't want to seem like the guy that 'has to call his girlfriend.' It's just boys growing up.''' ,'''Sometimes, in order for things to get better, they have to end - even if it's momentarily.''' ,'''I like to think I have quite a few different styles - sometimes it's a bit rock n' roll, other times more girly and feminine.''' ,'''Goat's milk is the closest thing out there to human breast milk. Plus, it is more easily digested than cow's or soy milk. Giving goat's milk to children is popular in Europe and other parts of the world.''' ,'''I don't typically drink coffee.''' ,'''I mean, I can tell within the first two minutes if I'm into someone or not. I can always tell if I get butterflies.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Kate Moss's style - no-one nails boho meets hippy chic like she does.''' ,''''Laguna Beach' was definitely not as manufactured as 'The Hills' was for me. 'Laguna Beach' was more putting us in situations where we normally wouldn't be in or hanging out with people we wouldn't necessarily hang out with.''' ,'''I felt like I really came into my own when I became a mom. My entire world changed.''' ,'''Never say never, but I don't think I'll ever get Botox because we don't know the long-term side effects, and I just don't think that can be good for you.''' ,'''I think if you just eat healthy, you're active, and you don't beat yourself up, you're setting yourself up to win rather than setting yourself up for failure.''' ,'''I hope that I'll be hot for a long time so I can make a lot of money, I can retire early, and just travel. Hopefully that will happen.''' ,'''Before I got pregnant, I was doing Pilates a couple times a week, and I actually loved Pilates. I noticed a difference with my core, which is my problem area, so that was nice. For me, I don't do a lot of cardio. I lift more weights.''' ,]
+++