+++
author = "T.I."
title = "T.I. Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 T.I. Quotes"
keywords = "t.i.,t.i. quotes,t.i. quote,t.i. sayings,t.i. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Acting in film, you know, I hear all the time, people say 'You did so much better than I thought you would.' So there's an added element of surprise in film, different than in music.''' ,'''I'm an honest, open father.''' ,'''I wouldn't mind going somewhere and taking a president position and signing acts and taking the attention off of me and taking what I've learned in my career and applying that to another person's.''' ,'''It goes without saying that it's hard to attain a certain level of success.''' ,'''I think my first hit was probably '24 is a Rubberband Man,' which was my second album. My first project, it was very well received in the Southeast region, all throughout the South and parts of the Midwest. It was very well received, but I didn't get national exposure on my second album.''' ,'''You know, when I put out records that may not work or connect with the audience, it's because I'm pushing myself as an artist creatively, because I'm just bored doing what everyone wants me to do.''' ,'''I think R. Kelly's range is so vast and broad that in order to stimulate himself creatively as an artist, he has to step so, so far outside the box, or else he feels like he's not challenging himself.''' ,'''I've learned that one thing about my life that is certain is trouble.''' ,'''I don't really like the sound of Auto-Tune. I don't like when it's extremely audible, when you're able to detect it easily. I don't like that.''' ,'''Everyone has something to sell. The greatest thing you can ever sell is an idea or talent.''' ,'''Danger is ever-present in life, more for some than others.''' ,'''My father passed away in 2002, but yes, we were pretty close. I loved him a lot.''' ,'''My childhood name that my father gave me, my mother, my grandmother, grandfather, family and friends all call me T.I.P.''' ,'''I, myself, I am not interested in reality television; just me, myself, speaking.''' ,'''People put me on a box, and I love when people think they know what I am capable of or not capable of. I thrive off of that.''' ,'''Let it be known: I am a free agent. I'm operating as an independent label. I do not have corporate sponsors. I don't have no corporate backing. I don't have no major distribution.''' ,'''I'm happy to be on a winning team. My individual success, that lasts for a short period of time. The success of being a part of the South, of Atlanta, which is now the hot bed of music, that's what's gonna last the longest. The fact that I contributed to planting our flag and moving music to my city, that's what I'm most proud of.''' ,'''I can't really see myself as an artist. Now, to step out here and there, do it when I feel like it, that's a possibility. But for me to be a full-fledged, full-time artist in the industry, I don't think so.''' ,'''It is a lot of responsibility. But I enjoy being a father. That's one of the best parts of my life. I feel like, man, that's one of the greatest things I've got going on, being a father.''' ,'''I'm going to always rise above the doubt that may exist about me.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I got to live my life for my family, for my children, and I'm going to do what's best for them.''' ,'''I'm an 'in the shower' or 'in the booth' kind of singer. I can sing, but I need either nobody to be able to hear me, or for me to be able to redo it.''' ,'''Man, I'm a conspiracy theorist by nature. You can't experience the federal penal system and not be somewhat skeptical.''' ,'''To expect for me to be one-way every time you see me is to expect me to be a one-dimensional man, which I've never been. I've always applauded my efforts to be diverse and multi-faceted.''' ,'''Nobody is gonna love you like you. You're gonna be your best salesman.''' ,'''I love BET and I love the fans.''' ,]
+++