+++
author = "Hina Khan"
title = "Hina Khan Quotes"
quotes_len = "86"
description = "the best 86 Hina Khan Quotes"
keywords = "hina khan,hina khan quotes,hina khan quote,hina khan sayings,hina khan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am blessed that I quickly forget things.''' ,'''I rehearse my script with my co-actors and take their tips quite seriously.''' ,'''A lot of people thought of casting me in various things while I was still inside the 'Bigg Boss' house. When I came out, people were actually waiting for me so they could offer me new projects.''' ,'''You can't be too choosy except in the case of period drama.''' ,'''You can like or dislike me. You are entitled to form an opinion about me, and I don't fear being judged.''' ,'''I just want a show that has good content, and I am open to anything on TV.''' ,'''I take my forgetfulness in a positive stride because I also forget the problems.''' ,'''I consider myself really lucky, like I've been God's favoured child.''' ,'''Bhopalites are very warm, and the response I get over here is outstanding.''' ,'''I literally forget everything, and, trust me, that's the best thing that you can have.''' ,'''I am very blunt, and people don't like it.''' ,''''Bigg Boss' is a game show, and everyone plays their game.''' ,'''I am a Muslim, but my favourite festival is Holi, so that is how it is.''' ,'''I guess your style should be ever evolving because that's the best thing about it.''' ,'''I am okay with losing, but I wont give up and fight till the end.''' ,'''I got awarded so many times and received love and fame from my fans.''' ,'''Honestly, even if I was dating someone, I will not talk about it unless I am 100 per cent sure about it, because I am a private person.''' ,'''I am proud of the fact that we live in a country where all festivals are celebrated with the same energy.''' ,'''Am I supposed to stop going out because it seems that no girl is safe in any part of the country?''' ,'''I can manage to get into any outfit, whether Indian or Western, and carry it off.''' ,'''I am taking lot of guidance from my trainer and eating healthy.''' ,'''I am a big fan of Sakshi Tanwar. I love her as a performer.''' ,'''Yes talking about staying friends, I wouldn't have any issues with befriending any of my 'BB' housemates. If they need, anytime, I'll be there for them always.''' ,'''I don't mind doing glamorous roles, comic roles, weekly shows, or something different from what I've done earlier.''' ,'''I will make it a point to voice my opinions. But if I am at fault, I will also apologise.''' ,'''It's not that I am not comfortable wearing a bikini on screen. If I get an opportunity in future, why not?''' ,'''People work out so hard for even 10 years and still aren't able to achieve the body they wish for. But luckily, my body type helped me lose weight really fast, and I became fitter.''' ,'''There is always over-the-top drama in television.''' ,'''There was a task I had done in 'Khatron Ke Khiladi' where I had to put live worms into my mouth as part of the task. It was quite gross.''' ,'''I am a huge 'Bigg Boss' fan, and I have watched every season.''' ,'''No, I don't miss the character of Akshara, but I cherish it. I will cherish it all my life. Leaving Akshara was a conscious decision of my life, and I was well prepared. When you are well prepared, then you don't miss, but you cherish it for a lifetime.''' ,'''I think it's better to have less friends than to have fake friends.''' ,'''Imperfection is the new perfection.''' ,'''I have no memory of 'Bigg Boss.'''' ,'''Even in 'Khatron,' I used to wash my own clothes.''' ,'''There are lot of shades about me that people don't know. There are many things people don't know. I don't know if people will like me or not.''' ,'''A fan requested me for a photo, after which he made his whole family click photos with me, and while leaving, he told his family that I was Katrina Kaif!''' ,'''One should always move on in life, and if we have a supporting hand, it becomes even better.''' ,'''I asked my mother, 'Why shouldn't I act?' She said, 'Nobody in the family has acted, so why should you?'''' ,'''Whenever I travelled abroad for shoots or live events, people showered me with immense love.''' ,'''I am not thinking about Bollywood and am quite happy being on TV.''' ,'''I believe that if you want to exist on TV, you should be open to doing anything and everything.''' ,'''I know how much people loved me as Akshara; I have seen the appreciation.''' ,'''I am a student of a business school in Delhi and went back for my final semester exams.''' ,'''I got style icon awards; I was given the 'HT' Most Stylish award. That happened, like, on the second day I was out of the 'Bigg Boss' house.''' ,'''A lot of people keep saying that I am insecure and I keep trying to axe my co-actors' roles, but that's rubbish!''' ,'''I have always said that I cannot do a show like 'Bigg Boss' because it's not my cup of tea. I am a very short-tempered girl.''' ,'''Earlier, the notion was such that TV actors are overexposed and that they can't do films, but now it's not like that.''' ,'''Sometimes, you connect with people instantly, or you take time.''' ,'''There is a certain line that I draw for myself, when it comes to what to post and what not to on social media.''' ,'''I let bygones be bygones, and guys, 'BB' game is over now.''' ,'''If people find me suitable for a role, which equally interests me, then I will think about it. Having said that, there is a perception that TV actors can't act in movies. I would like to break this myth if and when I decide to do films.''' ,'''I believe a lot in destiny, and if destiny has it, then I will be seen in films.''' ,'''It's better to accept destiny.''' ,'''I don't have many friends in the industry.''' ,'''I love eating bread fried in butter.''' ,'''I am very professional; I can work with my enemies, too.''' ,'''Though I am not against a love marriage, if my parents chose a guy for me, I will go for it.''' ,'''I am the only lead actor on Indian TV who has been part of a popular show for eight years. It's a record.''' ,'''I had got a couple of offers for appearances in films, but I didn't want to be a part of any film just for the sake of it.''' ,'''I feel life becomes very boring when you don't have challenges in life.''' ,'''I was bitten by a viper; there were two marks on my hand.''' ,''''Bigg Boss' is my favourite show.''' ,'''I am very excited and thrilled to play this iconic character of Komolika.''' ,'''As far as 'Khatron Ke Khiladi' is concerned, I think it's one of the most fairest TV reality shows.''' ,'''I don't like people seeing how I behave, walk, eat, and stay.''' ,'''I have many childhood memories of Eid.''' ,'''I am very competitive.''' ,'''Losing and winning is a part of life.''' ,'''I am good with heights, but my biggest fear was creepy crawlies.''' ,'''It is difficult for me to make friends because of my nature.''' ,'''I used to bring my books to the shoot and used to study in between the shots.''' ,'''The best part about my job is that I'm pampered and always treated like a Barbie doll on the sets. But the worst part is that I have to work daily without many breaks.''' ,'''I am an actor but might not be smart enough to handle business, so it's always good to have intelligent people around who can look into other aspects of business.''' ,'''A lot of people know that how I came to become an actor, but not many people know that how hard it was for me in those initial years. Being an outsider, I had no insight about the ways of the craft.''' ,'''I am imperfect and proud of it. No one is perfect.''' ,'''Everything I am today, I owe to my father.''' ,'''I consciously took this decision of changing my image from a bahu. I just wanted to look different and good.''' ,'''When we were younger, we would love to dress up. But now, being a celebrity, you know how much we dress up regularly, so that kind of takes away the charm.''' ,'''I have been given the tag of Sher Khan. So, the tiger is my spirit animal.''' ,'''I think playing a negative character is more difficult and challenging, since you have a lot to work on, and you have to put a lot of efforts.''' ,'''Urvashi is a fabulous actor.''' ,'''When I post pictures, I get such good response; they don't want to see me just in Indian clothes.''' ,'''Living in the 'Bigg Boss' house is a roller-coaster ride. I didn't expect to reach the finals. But I was sure that I would be in the top five.''' ,'''I'm a good singer, yet I couldn't participate in 'Star Ya Rockstar.'''' ,'''I feel being fit gives you a lot of boost to your confidence and your overall look. It transforms you entirely - not just outside but inside, too.''' ,]
+++