+++
author = "Kristofer Hivju"
title = "Kristofer Hivju Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Kristofer Hivju Quotes"
keywords = "kristofer hivju,kristofer hivju quotes,kristofer hivju quote,kristofer hivju sayings,kristofer hivju saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's been rumored for almost a year that Tormund was going out and stuff like that. But that's 'Game of Thrones.' The people you think are going to die don't die. Then people will die in a moment when you did not expect them to die.''' ,'''That's the fantastic thing about having a beard. You don't have to do anything about it. I have a special wax that I use to shape it sometimes.''' ,'''My beard is owned by HBO.''' ,'''For me to join 'Fast and Furious' was like a childhood dream come true, and and I felt it became a great movie.''' ,'''Human beings change. Sometimes we change because of our circumstances and experiences.''' ,'''I'm from Norway, and when kids were reading comics, I was reading Icelandic and Norwegian sagas about the Vikings. The glorification of violence, their mentality, and their way of living - that was part of my own education growing up.''' ,'''In school, we learned about the Birkebeinerne as some of the bravest men. And these two guys saving the Norwegian king... There's a kind of mythology around it.''' ,'''I read a lot of Icelandic sagas when I was young. I've always been interested in the Viking culture.''' ,'''War is not beautiful. Sometimes you see action sequences where battles seem organized. I know that from how the Vikings fought. It's not beautiful. It's hard. It's hard work.''' ,''''Game of Thrones' has been a large part of my life for the last six years and for my family as well. It's very seldom that you come on a show and it's the perfect role for you.''' ,'''It's said that Norwegians are born with skis for our legs. That's why we always win the Olympics.''' ,'''With regards to the fame, I wanted it, I worked for it, and when you get it, it's something you want to turn on and off, but that's part of the game.''' ,]
+++