+++
author = "Robert Jarvik"
title = "Robert Jarvik Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Robert Jarvik Quotes"
keywords = "robert jarvik,robert jarvik quotes,robert jarvik quote,robert jarvik sayings,robert jarvik saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Leaders are visionaries with a poorly developed sense of fear and no concept of the odds against them.''' ,'''I am a doctor. I have long experience with heart disease.''' ,'''Our ad campaign with Pfizer is educational. Lipitor is the most widely prescribed drug in the country. For every prescription, there is a doctor writing it. It's a huge vote of confidence.''' ,'''I accepted the role of spokesman for Lipitor because I am dedicated to the battle against heart disease, which killed my father at age 62 and motivated me to become a medical doctor.''' ,'''As spokesman for Lipitor, I have been an advocate of preventive medicine in addition to my work with the Jarvik 2000 Heart, which has rescued people from death and sustained a patient with a normal, mobile lifestyle for seven and a half years - the longest in the world.''' ,'''I am, in fact, a medical doctor; I am a world expert in mechanical heart technology; and I am an athletically fit man who takes care of his own health through diet and exercise, including frequent five mile runs.''' ,'''I am a medical scientist, not a practical physician. I think it's very upfront. I am a doctor. I have long experience with heart disease.''' ,'''There is a clear matter that I am not a practicing physician. I have never been a practitioner; everybody has known for decades. I'm a developer of the technology.''' ,'''Lipitor is one of the most researched medicines. I'm glad I take Lipitor, as a doctor, and a dad.''' ,'''The United States has an active pharmaceutical industry that has brought huge benefits to the U.S. public. Most Americans, who benefit from these advances, have little understanding of how difficult it is to create an important new medical therapy and make it available to improve public health.''' ,'''There is a clear matter that I am not a practicing physician; I have never been a practitioner; everybody has known for decades.''' ,'''I do not practice clinical medicine and hence do not treat individual patients. My career is in medical science.''' ,'''I knew that my father was going to die of heart disease, and I was trying to make a heart for him.''' ,'''I am a medical scientist, not a practical physician.''' ,'''This idea that clumsy, stumbling people are real bright is ridiculous, because intelligence is related to neurologic function, and really intelligent people are very well-coordinated.''' ,'''The artificial heart is very effective as a bridge to transplant, but the number of people that can be saved with human hearts is limited. A perfect artificial heart could save many more patients.''' ,'''As a medical doctor who chose a career in artificial heart technology rather than clinical practice, I decided not to take an internship, which is required for licensing. Instead, I work with invention, manufacturing, regulatory affairs, and clinical application of artificial hearts.''' ,]
+++