+++
author = "Nuno Espirito Santo"
title = "Nuno Espirito Santo Quotes"
quotes_len = "74"
description = "the best 74 Nuno Espirito Santo Quotes"
keywords = "nuno espirito santo,nuno espirito santo quotes,nuno espirito santo quote,nuno espirito santo sayings,nuno espirito santo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I respect the people who work with me, and I respect the crowds in the stadiums - I just live the game and try to advise my players in the right moments. If that means I have to raise my arms and jump, I will raise my arms and jump if that is the best way to help them.''' ,'''If you embrace a project that will require time and patience, then you need something to work on. So the first step of the project is to create an identity. If you don't have an identity, then today you want this player and tomorrow another one. If you have an idea and a shape, then this is how you develop an identity.''' ,'''Representing your country is what you want.''' ,'''Even when you are not having the ball, you have to stay consistent, organised, and that's what keeps you in the game.''' ,'''When you try to build an identity based on one idea, the easy part is to stick with the good things that you do.''' ,'''I consider myself a happy person, yes.''' ,'''If you love your job the way I do and the way we do as a team and what we want to achieve, you have to love every aspect of it.''' ,'''I would say, 24/7, I am thinking about football.''' ,'''I was late, as a player, many times. If you have bad traffic, what are you doing to do? Make a miracle? Sometimes it happens.''' ,'''We will never play for a draw, as it doesn't make sense. Come on, you make a 0-0 plan, you get one goal after five minutes, and it's finished. The players look and say, 'Now what?'''' ,'''The goals are the moments of beauty that the fans come for.''' ,'''It is what we are here for - to give the fans magic moments.''' ,'''Golf is a good time, valued time.''' ,'''If somebody asks for a photo, with a smile, it is nothing.''' ,'''I want to build a team who can play home and away the same.''' ,'''What sells more, criticism or compliments? What do people like more? They enjoy blood.''' ,'''My interpretation of football is to stay humble, work hard, and things will come.''' ,'''All coaches say, 'We want to control the game. We want the ball. Blah, blah, blah, blah,' but it's impossible to have the ball all the time.''' ,'''I have this absurd feeling that I can win every game with any team.''' ,'''Football is an emotional game, and that is why we love it, but part of the work I have to do is to control that emotion both for me and my players.''' ,'''When you realise that the ball is faster than you, you say to yourself, 'OK, I love the game. I want to go on in this game, but not as a player.'''' ,'''Every team and club has its own personal goals and objectives, and I'm only concerned about mine.''' ,'''To be called up to the national team is what you want.''' ,'''Goals always come from situations that are not so effective.''' ,'''We're trying to improve everyone. It doesn't matter if he cost £10 million, £15 million, £200 million. There is always space to do something better.''' ,'''I try to distract with other things, but in my mind, it is always the game, especially the team, the shape, my players, what can I do, what is tomorrow, what can I give to them to improve them.''' ,'''I love everything about football.''' ,'''When you speak about Jose Mourinho, personally, he has an impact on me.''' ,'''I live in peace.''' ,'''What we are here for is to improve, to work as a team, stay humble and work hard, trying to achieve the best performance that we can in every game.''' ,'''When you have someone that manages, coaches you, and you follow, and you believe, and you do everything that you can because you believe in that idea in your leader, that stays forever. That is the impact Jose Mourinho had on me.''' ,'''Our ambition is to win every game regardless of the opponent.''' ,'''I am not obsessed about making an impression on the Premier League.''' ,'''In Portugal, seeing a black cat is a bad sign; it's bad luck. But they tell me if it crosses from left to right, it's good luck. But I don't like black cats!''' ,'''Every game is a chance to improve.''' ,'''You cannot have a situation where you think that if you want to attack, then you play this formation, and if you want to defend, then you play this formation.''' ,'''When you win, you want to repeat it.''' ,'''When you have a small, balanced squad, you can work better. First of all everyone is involved in every squad list, a meeting can be a good training session.''' ,'''How are you supposed to communicate on the pitch when you don't off it?''' ,'''I bought some land in Portugal, on the highest hill in Guimaraes, because I pictured that I wanted to build my house there. I said, 'What a perfect place this would be,' but I forgot to ask the council if I could build a house there. When I did, they said, 'No!'''' ,'''I'm a coach who likes to have the ball, but what I really think is, 'How can you be in charge of the game?' I think, but maybe I am the only one, that the defensive process can take care of the game. Why is that? Because teams wait to defend. If you create something where you go to defend, to steal the ball where you want, it's different.''' ,'''We work on our set pieces for every opponent. It's a moment of the game that requires a lot of hard work, defensive and offensively. We try to invest our time in set pieces.''' ,'''I will not ever change my principles. I will not do it. We have a 'how.' This is the most important thing we have - the 'how' we do things. Our style, our ideas, our principles with our mistakes that we have to correct.''' ,'''As a kid, Liverpool was big for us.''' ,'''Life is continually changing. This is what makes people better.''' ,'''It's very hard to rank performances. It's very difficult, and it doesn't really matter if you rank performances.''' ,'''Football is a passionate game, and the emotions are intense. As long you respect the people around you, I don't see any problem with that.''' ,'''At Porto, under Jose Mourinho, we won everything with a fantastic group of football players. Mourinho built that. He made us succeed, won everything. This has a big impact.''' ,'''The barrier of communication is terrible if you don't speak the language. You cannot reach a player with a translator.''' ,'''It is tough: sometimes the pain that you feel makes you grow.''' ,'''What you have to become is really strong in what you do. That's the point of building a team. You don't know any other way - it would be absurd to do it any other way.''' ,'''Time is always important; sometimes time doesn't always go along with patience. It is always important. You have to deal with it. It's part of football. Every decision is judged.''' ,'''I love watching the Premier League.''' ,'''I want to thank everybody for every day that I have spent at Valencia CF. It has been an honour and a source of pride for me.''' ,'''Knowing that the teams in front of us are sometimes better than you, you have to recognise that and be humble. It's part of the game.''' ,'''Principe is paradise.''' ,'''I learned a lot from the coaches I played for.''' ,'''This is the way I look at the future: day by day.''' ,'''You have to love your job.''' ,'''I know that if I have come to Britain, I must adapt, and I will try to.''' ,'''One of the things that is most difficult for a manager is reversing bad results and keeping going.''' ,'''You have to be ready for anything and everything and accept everything the way things are.''' ,'''When you sign a contract, you must respect that.''' ,'''I truly believe you have to take things as they come, win or lose, and keep believing in how you want to do things and how you want to play.''' ,'''This is one of the challenges we have: knowing that playing without the ball is just as important as when you have the ball.''' ,'''The first introduction I had with English football was in the FA Cup in the early '80s.''' ,'''All I do is challenge the players to push themselves to their limit.''' ,'''The beginning of everything is our defensive organisation. The clean sheet is always the first objective that we have in the game. Always.''' ,'''I was a goalkeeper, but through my career, I spent almost as much time sitting on the bench as I did playing.''' ,'''We must believe we can score in every moment - at the beginning, the middle, and the end of the game.''' ,'''People say that the most difficult part is scoring the goal. But what I have to do is get the player there. If you focus on the goal instead of the how, then suddenly the chances start to decrease.''' ,'''There is no point staying on the past.''' ,'''Sometimes a polemic tweeter is more important than a normal view.''' ,'''Of course you learn a lot as a player when you pay attention to managers when they speak to you.''' ,]
+++