+++
author = "Kyle Kuzma"
title = "Kyle Kuzma Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Kyle Kuzma Quotes"
keywords = "kyle kuzma,kyle kuzma quotes,kyle kuzma quote,kyle kuzma sayings,kyle kuzma saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''On draft day, I wasn't really nervous at all. Then you turn on the draft, the first five picks go by, and then you still thinking, 'Oh man, I don't know where I'm going to go.' It's really just, by the time draft hits, that's when you get nervous.''' ,'''It doesn't take much to give back.''' ,'''Every time I'm on the court, I think I'm the best player. That's the mind-set a lot of players should have.''' ,'''It's tough to win on the road, you know... at the end of the day, it's just tough to win on the road.''' ,'''Being from Flint, especially in the basketball community, is a big deal. Basketball in Flint, you're pretty much like a god there if you play college basketball or are lucky enough to make it to the NBA.''' ,'''I was excited about going to the Lakers because they are probably the biggest brand in basketball.''' ,'''I have a very high love for the game. My mom would always drop me off at the YMCA downtown in Flint, and I'd stay there all day. If she couldn't take me, I'd take the bus there and be there until she'd pick me up when she got off work. I've always had the love for basketball.''' ,'''I'm really looking to facilitate, find my teammates.''' ,'''A lot of rookies don't come into the league and have that type of leeway that Coach Walton and his staff really gave me.''' ,'''NBA's spacing's really helped. Teams gotta really respect my jumper.''' ,'''I was a young kid, and the YMCA was my second home, where my mom was dropping me off for seven, eight hours. I'd spend the day doing what I love: hoop.''' ,'''I don't want to be one of those guys who makes it somewhere and forgets where they come from. Flint is very important to me.''' ,'''I cherish being on the court, and I really love watching basketball, women's basketball, whatever it is.''' ,'''I'm always confident, always expect high expectations for myself.''' ,'''Every day's a challenge. You learn every single day.''' ,'''Now that the NBA has removed restrictions on the color ways we can wear on court, I can be as expressive as I want.''' ,'''I always said if I had a platform to speak, I am going to speak. I feel it is just important, not only for African American-related things but world things in general.''' ,'''I'm the 27th pick - not too many people thought I was gonna play the way I am. It's just a testament to having confidence and work ethic and believing in yourself and keeping the marathon going.''' ,'''Sure, there's a lot of negativity, but basketball is such a huge thing in my community. Flint has a very rich tradition in basketball.''' ,'''I put a lot of work into my game every single day.''' ,'''A lot of people think it takes millions of dollars to give back or inspire, but just you showing up means a lot.''' ,'''As a kid, I always loved sneakers and style.''' ,'''Can't blame the coaching staff for everything. It's mutual, of course. Players mess up, coaches mess up.''' ,'''All the top guys are complete players, and if I'm not, I won't be there.''' ,'''I'm more off ball, catch and go, spot-ups, cutting.''' ,'''Everybody is going to have tough shooting nights. It's natural.''' ,'''Utah is a very special place for me. It helped me a lot.''' ,'''I've got the same mentality every time I step on the floor - play my hardest and just be locked in.''' ,'''Being in the weight room has helped me. Defensively, it helps because I'm not getting backed down easily. My legs are stronger, so I can move my feet better.''' ,'''Every single year, there's gonna be something else that people say I can't do or that you can't do in general. And it's your job to prove them wrong.''' ,'''People really don't watch TV no more - it's all about social media. I think it's a great platform for showing off your brand, who you are, interacting with fans, interacting with people in general.''' ,'''Everyone said I would be a second-round pick or undrafted guy - that's all I heard coming to the draft - but I had a higher faith. I knew I was way better than that, better than how people pegged me.''' ,'''I'm just very confident at all times. I've always been like that, no matter who's guarding me or who I'm on the court with.''' ,'''I think I can bring to the NBA versatility. I feel like the league is going toward four men that can pass, dribble, shoot, rebound, defend. I think I can do all that and bring that to the table at the highest level.''' ,'''I never really had role models or guys in the NBA to show me the ropes or be a friend, mentor to me like that.''' ,'''It's a great feeling when people recognize you, but at the same time, you gotta take it with a grain of salt, continue to work so you get better, because people can change on you; thoughts can change.''' ,'''When I joined the Lakers and moved to L.A., I started getting more serious about collecting sneakers and dressing from the feet up.''' ,'''When I'm locked in and focused, I can do pretty much anything I want.''' ,'''I got a lot of confidence in myself.''' ,'''I just try to be a regular dude.''' ,'''Flint is a very tough place to live. The environment is definitely a different type of environment than anywhere else in the country, I feel like.''' ,'''Flint is a big, industrial city. But when I was growing up, they had the recession, lead in the water, and all this other stuff. The city was really depleted.''' ,'''I've always been a self-motivated guy for basketball.''' ,'''Growing up, I was always that kid that kinda watched All-Star Weekend on TV, every event.''' ,'''I have that blue-collar mentality. I've always played with a chip on my shoulder, and I've always been hungry to learn.''' ,'''My friends, they all say that I'm turning Hollywood. Big-time. And I want to be that. I want to be a guy who's bigger than what they say. You look at Kobe. Michael Jordan. Somebody like Michael Jackson. Those guys are bigger than life. I strive to be that.''' ,'''There's not that many tough guys that really talk trash in the NBA.''' ,'''It's one thing to talk to a vet about something, but when you're talking to a fellow rookie going through the same struggles you are, you kind of understand it - and you grow together like that.''' ,'''There's always going to be obstacles and people that doubt you. So it's about proving people wrong and bettering yourself and trying to be the best you.''' ,'''I am always a woke person, know about things, always feel a certain type of way.''' ,'''Once I got to college, I didn't know defensive rotations; my footwork was sloppy. I used to travel every other play.''' ,'''I've always kinda guarded perimeter guys. I'm a little bit more comfortable guarding guys off screens. It kinda keeps me engaged in the game, locked in.''' ,'''I'm just comfortable all over the floor.''' ,'''It's cool to be a Laker: that's basketball royalty, in a sense. The best franchise in basketball, so to be drafted by them is pretty cool, pretty special.''' ,'''I'm talented, but my work ethic has pushed me over the top.''' ,'''Mom was always worrying about the rent.''' ,'''Until you're a rookie, you don't know what NBA game shape is.''' ,'''I've got a chance to be really special.''' ,'''I wanted to explore the world and explore life. I wanted to have more to life than Flint.''' ,'''After college, I really looked at every single shot that I shot. Pretty much every shot in my sophomore year and my junior year and just watched my form. I watched how I shot it from 3, and I just noticed I was a very undisciplined shooter.''' ,'''I've never really been a numbers guy... I like to score, for sure... but my main thing is I want to win.''' ,'''Everybody wants to be a starter, and I feel like I'm a starter in this league, but I can't necessarily control that.''' ,'''Going into a new school, you don't want to be the new kid and be quiet and shy. You want to stand out. You want people to know who you are in that school. I think that also helped me growing up. I always wanted people to know me throughout the school.''' ,'''People don't really understand how important our voices are. I think there's a lot of athletes that don't use their power that really should.''' ,'''You can have a strong work ethic. Yes, that's going to take you far. But I think if you have a solid work ethic and a passion, that's different.''' ,'''In our society, social media's so big in our lives. It's all over the place.''' ,'''I just want to be one of the greatest players to play. That's my mind set. That's how I approach the game.''' ,'''I want to clean up my handle. Get stronger. Those are the things that will help me out in the long run.''' ,'''I don't go to malls. I've just always been a simple person. I hang out, work out. That's what I think is fun.''' ,'''That's one thing I try to take pride in: not changing up. Just being who I am, and having people love me or hate me for who I am.''' ,'''People assume that, as an NBA athlete, you can get access to any kind of sneaker you want, when in reality, it's hard to get the exclusive releases or shoes from the past and feel confident they're authentic.''' ,'''Really, every time I post something, it goes viral.''' ,'''I'm a competitive person.''' ,'''In high school, AAU, even prep school, I didn't really know how to play basketball. It was kind of like, 'Let's throw the balls out, go get buckets, just score, and go play.'''' ,'''My favorite commentator, NBA-wise, is probably Doris Burke.''' ,'''I can be pretty much anything I want.''' ,'''It was great to be in the gym with Kobe. He's so particular about the game and... why and how things work. That's one thing I kind of love about him. If you ask him something, he's going to tell you A, B, C, and D, and how that affects each play.''' ,'''A lot people have a strong work ethic because they want the lifestyle, or they want the money, but me, I have a hard work ethic because I love the game.''' ,'''Coming from Flint, I was really immature on the court and off the court.''' ,'''Any time you have any type of record in any record book, especially with the Lakers, it is pretty special.''' ,'''ESPN puts out anything for clicks now, it kind of seems like.''' ,'''LeBron is a role model in that sense. Because for him to be as good as he is and how high up he is on the totem pole, to still care about Akron, Ohio, that is tremendous and speaks volumes.''' ,'''I always tried to be an all-around player. In college, I felt like I needed to add to my game to get to another level, to get to the NBA. The NBA has really turned to positionless basketball, so it was very important to me to have an all-around game so I could stand out in front of other guys.''' ,'''I was always thankful for the YMCA. Of course, growing up, you don't really think about it, because when you're a kid, you're in your own world. But back then, it was just so much. I'm going to go the Y, hanging out, playing games all day, playing basketball.''' ,'''Every team has problems. Championship teams have problems and whatnot.''' ,'''You know how you're in elementary school and the teacher goes around the room and, like, 'What do you want to be when you grow up?' I said, 'NBA player.' And she's like, 'Well, OK. Maybe pick a real job.' But I really believed it. I felt like I was meant to be here.''' ,'''I'm very cautious of how I'm presented and my type of reputation.''' ,'''Lifestyle-wise, like L.A. in general, Utah is very conservative, very laid back, and L.A. is nothing like that.''' ,'''You're going to have people that are high on you one day and low on you the next. For me, it's just to stay levelheaded and stay working.''' ,'''Growing up, I was a Detroit Pistons fan, being from Flint. During not the Bad Boys but Chauncey Billups and Ben Wallace era, and growing up, I always wanted to be a Piston.''' ,'''It's very important, especially in the basketball culture. We like our fashion. Coming into the NBA, you definitely have to step it up because you're competing on and off the floor. Not only on the court, basketball-wise, but a lot of us take pride in our style, too.''' ,'''My mom did so much for us, working two jobs, driving us where we needed to go and a million other things. She taught me the importance of hard work and sacrifice.''' ,'''I went to school at the University of Utah, and they had outstanding facilities and coaches that helped me grow and mature as a person.''' ,'''I'm a mismatch at the four, so a lot of times, I have slower guys on me, and I can exploit that.''' ,'''I just want to be a complete player.''' ,'''I just try to play the right way.''' ,'''There are endless possibilities for what I can wear on and off the court.''' ,'''You've got to be the anchor of the defense at that five position. Call out pick-and-rolls, screens. The five is usually around the rim, so you see everything.''' ,'''I've just always played with a big chip on my shoulder, and that keeps fueling me.''' ,]
+++