+++
author = "Steve Schmidt"
title = "Steve Schmidt Quotes"
quotes_len = "52"
description = "the best 52 Steve Schmidt Quotes"
keywords = "steve schmidt,steve schmidt quotes,steve schmidt quote,steve schmidt sayings,steve schmidt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For there to be any redemption of a right of center conservative party in the United States of America means the party of Trump must be destroyed politically.''' ,'''I love little kids, I hate little kids being used by cynical politicians, though.''' ,'''A lot of people like me who worked in Republican politics had a personal set of beliefs on issues that were at variance with the candidates that we worked for.''' ,'''My role in Palin is something that there's not a day that has gone by that I don't have regret about.''' ,'''Mitch McConnell has, as much as anyone, done great damage to the United States Senate as an institution that was once known as the world's greatest deliberative body.''' ,'''Trump is what the Russians call a useful idiot, someone in service to the Russian Federation, either unwitting or wittingly.''' ,'''I think it's important to understand the history of the Republican Party. It was founded in 1854 because of the moral collapse of the Whig Party, specifically around the question of race and the expansion of slavery into the western territories.''' ,'''Whether they're for good or bad, all trends in the United States start in California.''' ,'''It's part of the mythology now in the Republican Party that there's widespread voter fraud all across the country. In fact, there's not.''' ,'''It's gratifying to work for somebody who doesn't measure accomplishment by the temporary state of public-opinion polls.''' ,'''Your average Republican member of Congress, if you played a word association game with them and said, 'Latino,' they're going to respond 'illegal immigrant,' as opposed to 'sergeant major' or 'surgeon' or 'professor.'''' ,'''Birtherism is a fringe issue that's way out of the mainstream, and it's disturbing when you see people you... have some level of respect for, whether it's members of Congress or even Donald Trump, falling into that category.''' ,'''I would find it difficult to be involved in an effort that I think disenfranchises people from a fundamental right. How do you work with people who are opposed to marriage equality? I don't want to do it.''' ,'''I don't want to sit here and disparage Paul Ryan the man, because he's a good guy. He's a moral person. He's a decent person.''' ,'''Elections are about the voters who vote in them.''' ,'''I've spent my life in the Republican party, it gives me no pleasure to say this. This party has demonstrated a complete incapacity to govern. Period.''' ,'''Howard Schultz is a hell of a man, a hell of a leader.''' ,'''Politicians have an acutely honed instinct for self-preservation.''' ,'''This is not Trumpistan.''' ,'''I do think there is every potential in 2010 and 2012 to begin to see independent candidates who are capturing a significant percentage of the vote and even win.''' ,'''Liberal democracy is in regression all over the world, and it's a dangerous thing.''' ,'''When Trump was elected, there were three parties in Washington: the Trump party, the Democratic Party and the Republican Party.''' ,'''I've certainly done more than my fair share of pouncing on a stupid issue to win the news cycle of the day, to distract from what are real and important issues.''' ,'''Conservatism accomplished a lot of its goals in the latter part of the 20th century. What does 21st-century conservatism look like?''' ,'''If you want to oppose Trump, the first thing you should do is say, 'I'm not going to do one thing that makes it worse.' Because making it worse helps Trump. Part of the damage of this era is his debasement and his purposeful divisions. That's unique in all of history.''' ,'''A mark of stupidity is a belief that one party is totally virtuous and correct on the issues while the other is evil and always wrong.''' ,'''To see the Republican Party break up the way it has to lose its moral compass it is tragic, it's tragic for me personally, but I won't be part of it. I won't share a party label with people who think it's all right to put babies in internment camps.''' ,'''Politics always fascinated me. In my 20s, I was involved in politics and, as I look in the mirror, not for the noblest of purposes. It was for sport.''' ,'''The country badly needs to have a right-of-center political party, grounded in traditional values that the Republican Party represented till it didn't.''' ,'''Whether you're Democrat or Republican... you want everybody who's eligible to vote to vote, and that's how you want to win elections.''' ,'''I just want to say about Beto O'Rourke and Andrew Gillum, I mean, every superhero has to have the right nemesis. And for Beto O'Rourke, he's been very lucky in his choice of oppositional villains to run against.''' ,'''I think that more and more Americans are insistent that, at a minimum, gay couples should be treated with respect and when they see a political party trying to stigmatize a group of people who are hardworking, who play by the rules, who raise decent families, they're troubled by it.''' ,'''For there to be new growth of a conservative movement, of a right center party, the one that I joined in 1988, it needs to burn to the ground.''' ,'''There's never been an era absent of demagogues.''' ,'''We have 57 choices of ketchup and 500 TV channels. Very nearly everything has been disrupted in the country, from how we buy groceries to how we consume news, except for the system that produces the political leadership of the country.''' ,'''But I'm not particularly aligned with the Democratic Party's policy agenda.''' ,'''So the Republican party of Teddy Roosevelt and John McCain and Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush is dead. It's over. It doesn't exist anymore.''' ,'''One of the things I'm keen on doing is really revealing the degree to which the conservative movement, and by extension the Republican Party, has become a racket.''' ,'''Trump makes no pretense about being the commander in chief of all of the country, being president of all of the people, including the people who voted against him. He is, in effect, a tribal chieftain who has declared war on half of the country.''' ,'''If you hang around politics long enough, you tend to get disappointed by people.''' ,'''My fidelity is to my country, not my political party. Country first.''' ,'''Trump was legitimized by birtherism, and he was abetted by a billion-dollar incitement industry.''' ,'''I think there are really serious problems in this country and I think politics in a lot of ways is failing the country.''' ,'''As a conservative myself that, you know, generally I would have a point of view that less regulation is better than more regulation, but less regulation shouldn't supersede a tax on the fundamentally important institutions that sustain a democratic republic.''' ,'''It's not just that there's no other spokesperson for the executive seat of power in a democratic republic anywhere in the world where you see that type of lying. It's that there's never been a spokesman for the executive seat in power who is such a prolific liar as Sarah Sanders.''' ,'''What destroyed the Republican Party isn't Trump. It's the obedience to Trump from servile leaders like McConnell and Ryan who could have put a check on him. They have gotten their place in political history. They'll be remembered as vile.''' ,'''I think the notion of Sarah Palin being president of the United States is something that frightens me, frankly.''' ,'''The government is corrupted. It's corrupted. It is not about regular people.''' ,'''I profoundly believe that the Democratic Party is the only vehicle we have to put a check on Donald Trump.''' ,'''One of the things that is for sure unique, we have never seen in this country a billion dollar propaganda industry in full service and in absolute control of an administration in the way that FOX News is.''' ,'''I've been involved in a lot of victories and I've been involved in defeats.''' ,'''The reality is that our Founders always predicted that one day there would be a president like Trump, and that's why they designed the system of government the way they designed it.''' ,]
+++