+++
author = "Charles Studd"
title = "Charles Studd Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Charles Studd Quotes"
keywords = "charles studd,charles studd quotes,charles studd quote,charles studd sayings,charles studd saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Battle is the soldier's vital breath! Peace turns him into a stooping asthmatic. War makes him a whole man again, and gives him the heart, strength, and vigor of a hero.''' ,'''Real Christians revel in desperate ventures for Christ, expecting from God great things and attempting the same with exhilaration.''' ,'''Abraham, a simple farmer, at a word from the Invisible God, marched, with family and stock, through the terrible desert to a distant land to live among a people whose language he could neither speak nor understand! Not bad, that!''' ,'''What is it worth to possess the riches of the world, when a man comes to face Eternity?''' ,'''Noah walked with God; he didn't only preach righteousness, he acted it. He went through water and didn't melt. He breasted the current of the popular opinion of his day, scorning alike the hatred and ridicule of the scoffers who mocked at the thought of there being but one way of salvation.''' ,'''David - the man after God's own heart - was a man of war and a mighty man of valour. When all Israel were on the run, David faced Goliath - alone... with God - and he but a stripling, and well scolded, too, by his brother for having come to see the battle.''' ,'''We have one life; it soon will be past; what we do for God is all that will last.''' ,'''Prayer is good: but when used as a substitute for obedience, it is naught but a blatant hypocrisy, a despicable Pharisaism.''' ,'''Every true Christian is a soldier - of Christ - a hero 'par excellence'! Braver than the bravest - scorning the soft seductions of peace and her oft-repeated warnings against hardship, disease, danger, and death, whom he counts among his bosom friends.''' ,'''It takes a real man to make a true confession - a Chocolate Soldier will excuse or cloak his sin.''' ,'''The floor of Christendom and elsewhere is littered with wrecks made by old prophets. God won't stand nonsense from any man. Every man has to choose between Christ and Barabbas, and every Christian between God and some old prophet.''' ,'''Moses - the man of God - was a species of human chameleon - scholar, general, law-giver, leader, etc.''' ,]
+++