+++
author = "Taryn Manning"
title = "Taryn Manning Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Taryn Manning Quotes"
keywords = "taryn manning,taryn manning quotes,taryn manning quote,taryn manning sayings,taryn manning saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would go visit my mom on Sundays, and my brother was working on stuff. I'd go in there and sing a little melody, then we started working with words and the next thing you know it was just born organically without really trying.''' ,'''I went through the process of auditioning like every other struggling actress in this town.''' ,'''It could be fun to sing with Prince or Michael Jackson. Justin Timberlake has an amazing new sound now.''' ,'''I just had to find something else to fulfill me. Always being a singer and writing, it was a blessing. My brother started making music that was the kind of music I always saw myself singing.''' ,'''Through teaching myself how to be happy and get through things, I hope I can also do that for other people.''' ,'''I'm not really into movies on dates because you can't chat it up.''' ,'''The Wreckoning is a darker song. But the record is positive.''' ,'''I play, in real life, Kim, who is actually Marshall Mathers ex-wife as of now. She lies and says she is pregnant because she really wants to keep him and he figures her out.''' ,'''I just get focused on whatever is in front of me. When I was filming Crossroads, it had all my focus. Now I'm all focused on finishing my recording so I can get that out. It's just day by day.''' ,'''My dad was a musician and I traveled around with him, so it was something that I knew.''' ,'''I would say our sound is soul pop.''' ,'''There's really nothing else I'm going to do with my life. I'd be useless if I weren't singing or acting.''' ,'''It's really hard for actors to cross over and get any respect as a singer, and if I could just keep it separate and not use my music in movies, it's cool.''' ,'''It's just different in the music world. You come more with an entourage.''' ,'''We wanted to write a whole song about partying and then taking Yellow Cabs home. That's the weirdest topic we've ever thought of centering a song around.''' ,'''It's actually harder to write a fun song.''' ,'''If you are being weird or silly you can be excused because you are just playing a character.''' ,'''There's definitely a whole different vibe on the set when there's like basically royalty working with us. We could have whatever we wanted. I felt like Britney Spears.''' ,'''As a brother and sister, our tastes were pretty different growing up. He liked a lot of early hip hop. My dad didn't understand it and would try to talk him out of it.''' ,'''After reading Eminem's autobiography, which I did because I'm so interested in him as an artist, I respect him a lot. Even though he seems angry and mad, he's had to fight so many demons in his life.''' ,'''It was Britney's movie. I liked that movie. It didn't get too much love, but a lot of people really liked it.''' ,'''Lauren Hill, I always have her solo CD nearby. I have Coldplay, Radiohead, just a mix.''' ,'''Even though it seems like there are a lot of parts, there is really tons of downtime in the acting world.''' ,'''When we saw our plane on TV as breaking news, it was the most surreal experience. A lot of the women were crying. There was a gentleman who was writing in his journal and crying. Seeing that isn't easy.''' ,'''I'm more like an animalistic rock chick.''' ,'''Alison Lohman is an amazing actress. I was so proud to work with her.''' ,'''Some people might say I need to learn how to relax.''' ,'''After we wrote The Wreckoning, our record label did listen.''' ,'''That's why I'm an actress, to do something completely opposite from myself.''' ,'''The most interesting place I've gone on location was New Orleans.''' ,'''I'm definitely the worker. My brother is the jokester.''' ,'''My singing is my hobby. It's me and my brother. We just enjoy writing music.''' ,]
+++