+++
author = "Pom Klementieff"
title = "Pom Klementieff Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Pom Klementieff Quotes"
keywords = "pom klementieff,pom klementieff quotes,pom klementieff quote,pom klementieff sayings,pom klementieff saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In life, I have male friends. They're just friends, and there's nothing going on, and it's beautiful.''' ,'''I always loved the Marvel movies. It was my dream to one day have superpowers, and that came true.''' ,'''I never believed in God, and I will never believe in it.''' ,'''It felt like a pretentious fantasy to say, 'I want to be an actress.'''' ,'''It's crazy that, as women, we are taught to be cute and nice and polite when we should learn to be less nice sometimes.''' ,'''Being resilient is the essence of my life.''' ,'''I would love to be the lead in an action movie. I would love to be like Emily Blunt in 'Edge of Tomorrow.'''' ,'''Oh, my gosh! Can you imagine learning boxing from Sylvester Stallone's character? I would die!''' ,'''My mom named me Pom because she said it sounded like a combination of Korean words that mean 'spring' and 'tiger.' So, it's very unique!''' ,'''I love to create looks. It's just like you're a different character every day.''' ,'''There are so many forms of love. Spending time with friends, love stories. I enjoy showing my love by baking a cake for somebody and writing his or her name on it, and seeing his or her reaction. I love to offer flowers, too!''' ,'''I think it's important to show that... you can't be perfect, and you have to embrace the fact that you're original, and it's what makes you interesting.''' ,'''In everyday life, I use positive thoughts, sense of humor, Taekwondo, running, and yoga to make me stronger.''' ,'''Sometimes I like to be comfortable and wear black jeans with a blazer, a really comfortable t-shirt, and low boots with heels. Sometimes I like to be feminine and preppy.''' ,'''I'll be at the airport, and people will say, 'Mantis!' and I'm like, 'Wait! How do you know I'm here?' It's just crazy.''' ,]
+++