+++
author = "Monica Cruz"
title = "Monica Cruz Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Monica Cruz Quotes"
keywords = "monica cruz,monica cruz quotes,monica cruz quote,monica cruz sayings,monica cruz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want children, but I don't necessarily want to be married because I think marriage is very difficult. To have a successful marriage, you have to work hard and regard it as a job.''' ,'''What matters is that my daughter is surrounded by love. I believe in the right to go down the path that feels best for you.''' ,'''A dancer's life is hard - it is so physically demanding, and at any moment, you could have an injury that could end your career.''' ,'''Being a mother was too important to me to risk running out of time.''' ,'''The world of women fascinates me, probably because my sister and I were always together as children in our mother's salon after school and after ballet classes. We used to talk about what we saw: the different ladies who would come in, all with their distinctive personalities.''' ,'''I think we are not yet well aware that, unfortunately, we have a short time to be moms. This is not to suggest that we should rush to have children or do it in a crazy way. I think that's the most important decision of a woman's life.''' ,'''Motherhood runs its own way and is measured with another watch that, unfortunately, we can't control.''' ,'''Why is it braver to be a single mother versus being with a partner? Being in a couple and having a child could be more challenging because there might be conflict if the male partner cannot understand the extreme attachment a woman feels when she has a child.''' ,'''I have been raised to value my family.''' ,'''To get pregnant, I have resorted to artificial insemination. I want to openly talk about it because this is an opportunity to show my gratitude to all those anonymous donors who help many women to meet, like me, the dream of their life.''' ,'''I don't speak English, so I cannot foresee a career in Hollywood. But I do see myself more and more as an actress rather than a dancer.''' ,]
+++