+++
author = "Stacy Keach"
title = "Stacy Keach Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Stacy Keach Quotes"
keywords = "stacy keach,stacy keach quotes,stacy keach quote,stacy keach sayings,stacy keach saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Where were they when the Russians went down?''' ,'''I wanted to be Laurence Olivier, basically, to be a great classical actor, and also be able to do modern things.''' ,'''Being a late bloomer, I really didn't have any interest in children until my late 30s, but I'm so happy I didn't go through life without that experience.''' ,'''As a dad, he thinks that his philosophy is morally correct. He has no conscience whatsoever about letting his kids put a penny in a light socket to find out electricity is not so good for you, and if you want to learn how to swim, you have to be thrown into the deep end.''' ,'''Actors make choices for different reasons.''' ,'''My objective was to have as varied a selection of roles as possible. It probably did hurt my career.''' ,'''I've got to put my kids through school. And I like the security of working every day, which is what television is about.''' ,'''There's a picture of Christopher and the real Ken Titus and myself in my dressing room. He's a great guy, by the way. I just think the real Ken is just super. And he's so happy for his son's success.''' ,'''People want to typecast you; it's human nature.''' ,'''I look for characters who are emotionally driven.''' ,'''I think so. I can't think of anything that requires more finesse than comedy, both from a verbal and visual point of view.''' ,'''My strength as an actor is in the theater - I know that about myself. Some actors get onstage and vanish, but I'm much better there than I am on screen.''' ,'''This is definitely the first curmudgeon, no doubt about it.''' ,'''It was Christopher's brilliant concept that he did not want this to become like every other sitcom where you do one take, and the audience gets bored with seeing it ten times, you know, over and over again.''' ,'''I'll be honest with you: not a chance in this world. But you know, stranger things have happened.''' ,'''I asked him a number of questions and I got some very interesting answers. Ken's heroes, according to Christopher, would be people like John Wayne, of course.''' ,]
+++