+++
author = "Troy Deeney"
title = "Troy Deeney Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Troy Deeney Quotes"
keywords = "troy deeney,troy deeney quotes,troy deeney quote,troy deeney sayings,troy deeney saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For me, when I was growing up I was told the police weren't on our side. From being stereotyped because we drive nice cars to being judged for the clothing we wear, I was told I would never be given the benefit of the doubt.''' ,'''Everyone's got bills, everyone's got heartache, and everyone's got problems.''' ,'''Prison gives you time to reflect.''' ,'''As footballers that's what we do when it comes to bonuses. we don't sit there and go 'yeah can I get £20million as a bonus.' You have to sit down, 'how much money does the club make, what's their reported loss.' You have to sit and go through it all and go OK, this is what you take, we feel that we should get that if we do this.''' ,'''I'm just a normal kid, really, from an inner-city background.''' ,'''What matters to me is that my four kids think I'm a good dad.''' ,'''It would have been great to play for England but it is not something I have lost sleep over.''' ,'''If I don't like you, I will tell you, that's it.''' ,'''I enjoy those physical battles and I've been on record saying Virgil van Dijk is the best defender in the world.''' ,'''I'm a big boy with big shoulders and I've had some real world issues so getting some stick online doesn't bother me.''' ,'''It's heartbreaking for the people who work behind the scenes. A lot of people who are at clubs normally get affected by relegation. We feel sorry for them.''' ,'''Dad was involved in a lot of crime and the police were regularly coming to our door looking for him. From the age of three he always made sure I had a football and he'd make me play with much bigger kids. But he'd tell them, 'Kick him and if he moans he'll come in.' So I got taught to grow up very quickly.''' ,'''When you get into that mould of being a super sub you can't go back.''' ,'''To be perfectly honest, most fans see a different game to players. I am not being rude when I say that.''' ,'''I'm really a nice guy, aren't I? Not many people know that.''' ,'''I have never been to Jamaica and in footballing terms, I feel English because this is where I grew up and played all of my football. That is not to say I don't have immense pride in my Jamaican heritage - I certainly do.''' ,'''People always say to me, 'It must be so much pressure and so difficult playing out there in front of 60,000 people.' I always say, 'No, not really.' Playing football and earning great money isn't difficult. Working three jobs and raising kids alone, which is what my Mum did. That's difficult.''' ,'''If I play at Wembley and score I will be a hero, but I am still normal Troy, making mistakes and trying to learn and improve on a day-to-day basis.''' ,'''I am a man and if I have an opinion, I will say it.''' ,'''During therapy I have realised that my work ethic comes from my mum, Emma. She used to work two or three jobs at a time to keep food on the table in our council flat in Birmingham. She taught me to stay disciplined, to go to Sunday school, all those things.''' ,'''Obviously everyone wants to play a certain way but when you get into certain moments you need someone to hold it up or if you are losing a game, go long.''' ,'''When you are not having the best of moments in front of goal, just smash it down the middle.''' ,'''I always had this impression that money bought you happiness and money solved everything, and it's the biggest lie I have ever been told.''' ,'''I'm just a regular person. I treat every person the same. I like to think that I'm respectful. I'm honest with everybody. Sometimes it gets me in trouble, sometimes it doesn't, but I'll always speak my mind.''' ,'''We do not stand for racism on the pitch, in society or anywhere else it rears its ugly head.''' ,'''I saw some comments in regards to my son, people saying: 'I hope your son gets corona.' That's the hard part for me. If you respond to that, people then go: 'Ah, we've got him' and they keep doing it.''' ,'''My mum had me when she was just 18 and she worked three jobs, including bar tending, to put food on the table and she also went to night college. She worked really hard for us and I kept myself busy with football.''' ,'''I've said for a very long time that I've got a massive respect for Joe Gomez.''' ,'''Just because footballers earn a lot of money, it doesn't mean we're not human.''' ,'''Premier League players are a lot cleverer, but they don't like being roughed up. They're not used to that.''' ,'''There's no loyalty in football and you take it with a pinch of salt.''' ,'''I work harder than 90% of people.''' ,'''How many women's football matches are selling out week in, week out, 20,000 plus? They're not.''' ,'''My dad was diagnosed with cancer of the oesophagus in February 2012, and finding that out really messed me up.''' ,'''Certainly when I was a kid, in the early '90s, men couldn't show weakness. It was very much a case of suppressing pain and getting on with it. I remember when I was six years old, I was playing football with kids who were three years older when, one day, I fell over and began to cry. And my dad was like, 'Don't ever let someone see you cry.'''' ,'''We're trying to be real in a fake world. How does that work? You're always going to lose. I just be me.''' ,'''Since coming out of jail, I still made mistakes daily. Don't me wrong, I'm not an angel by any stretch of the imagination, but my mistakes are just normal ones now like forgetting to go to the shop when the missus asks or not putting the bins out, stuff like that.''' ,'''To hear that someone right around the other side of the world actually knows who Troy Deeney is, is quite surreal.''' ,'''When you get to Spurs you know the difference between the lesser clubs and the big boys. It's a different experience.''' ,'''Huth is the sort of centre-half who will let you know he is there, so to speak, with a challenge or two early in the game.''' ,'''Whenever I play against Arsenal - and this is just a personal thing - I go up and think 'let me whack the first one, then we will see who wants it.'''' ,'''When you talk about bullying I always go back to when I was at school, a bully was a big kid picking on a little kid.''' ,'''There's always going to be setbacks.''' ,'''Back in the day you used to have a fight. You win, you lose, you get up and go home, dust yourself down. Social media made it so that if you lose a fight it is on camera, you are embarrassed and you are forced to react.''' ,'''I always break it down I am three different people. I'm Troy Deeney the footballer, I'm daddy who the kids get to see and I'm Troy which a few of my mates get to see.''' ,'''When I was 15, Aston Villa offered me a trial for four days. In those days, I was more interested in making mischief and I didn't even turn up until the fourth day and then they sent me packing because they said I wasn't dedicated enough.''' ,'''Even now, as a footballer I've experienced many types of racism. Whether that's abuse on the field or from the crowd, it's never easy to deal with, but social media is now the biggest platform for these cowards to share and target their hate.''' ,'''Part of my job leading the line for Watford is to occupy centre-halves - by that I mean those battles with Huth, say, to try to win headers when the ball is played forward. But I also look to bring centre-halves out of position to the flanks and make space for my team-mates in the middle.''' ,'''Going back to 2012, it was a bad year for me. I lost my dad as well, so burying him a week before I went to jail, just having all of that emotion, it just hit me hard.''' ,'''I just got a lot of expectations and pressure on me, but it is what it is. I've got the best job in the world, I work two or three hours a day and get paid handsomely for it.''' ,'''The hardest thing for anyone is to admit you have a problem and then to act on it.''' ,'''Actually, I used to think that it was normal to feel bad, like, Doesn't everybody feel like this? It was only when my drinking really got out of control that people went, 'Troy, you need to see somebody.'''' ,'''People are soft. The whole world is. That's why you have to be careful what you say, careful what you post, careful what you wear.''' ,'''None of my friends are big posters - we're old school. We text, phone and meet up and have a beer or have a curry.''' ,'''My cousin Joe was just the coolest kid and I wanted to be like him. He had girls, could do whatever he wanted and he was a bricklayer, so I decided to do that.''' ,'''My dad had always worked hard to make sure that I had nice stuff and he died at 47 so I just want to make sure that if something like that happens to me, my son would have everything ready.''' ,'''If I scroll down my Instagram replies, the tenth one down features a racist emoji - which is not unusual. So I follow the protocol, which is to block the user and report the message under the category of 'hate speech and symbols.' Then I am told that an emoji with a monkey and a banana is not considered racist.''' ,'''I don't mind women's football. I am of the business understanding though, when people say 'it should be equal pay.' If the business makes sense, it does.''' ,'''I'm genuinely a big softie, I put this front on, and I'm just a laid-back fool really.''' ,'''Players never want to lose football matches.''' ,'''When the world's moving towards being the most inclusive it's ever been, it's unthinkable that certain basic aspects of life are still so unfair for the black community.''' ,'''The Sun is a massive paper and I understand the roles and responsibilities that go with that. I want to add something unique and give a different perspective, not only on sport but many areas.''' ,'''As long as I can remember, I've always kicked a ball.''' ,'''Whenever you play against Fred - we certainly did it - you let him get it because he has to take three or four touches. He doesn't know how to do one or two touches. Anyone that watches his game, he gets it facing the wrong way, turns, turns, chops, chops and he'll give you the ball three or four times a game.''' ,'''We're all humans - people make mistakes.''' ,'''I would go on record saying that there is probably one gay or bi-person in every football team. They're there, they are 100 per cent there. I think people that are gay or from that community definitely are very worried about having to shoulder the responsibility of being the first. I think once the first comes out, there would be loads.''' ,'''At Walsall I got away with a lot of things because I was the young star and they wanted to sell me from a business point of view.''' ,'''Alex Ferguson, Mourinho, Pep you can always see the vision.''' ,'''I know what I can do and what I can deliver and there's not many people who can do what I can do.''' ,'''You can't be an athlete and doubt yourself.''' ,'''I still find it a bit surreal that Sir Elton John can call Troy Deeney from Chelmsley. It's quite entertaining but a bit surreal.''' ,'''If my kids look up to a man bigger and better than me, then that's me not doing my job.''' ,'''I grew up in pubs so my whole thing is 'the game happened,' people would go into the pub afterwards and discuss 'it should have been a penalty, he should have scored that.'''' ,'''Things happen in football and you have to be man enough that things come and go.''' ,'''Some of my friends were gang-affiliated or gang-related, but that was just the way things were. I was lucky because football kept me busy and away from that bad path, to an extent.''' ,'''I play for Watford, it's not the biggest team in the Premier League, but I go to Antigua, I go to different countries and people go 'you're Troy Deeney.'''' ,'''Everyone's got issues. There's a stigma in football that you earn a certain amount of money, how dare you have issues.''' ,'''Relegation has happened to plenty of players who were bigger names than me.''' ,'''There's so much negativity over this issue of dual nationality - nearly always from people who don't have mixed family backgrounds and don't understand that it's perfectly natural for those of us who do, to feel loyalty to more than one country.''' ,'''Whoever you are, it is nice to treat your parents to stuff.''' ,'''I remember a life before social media. I remember phone boxes, that's what I grew up on.''' ,'''My character is 'Get up and keep fighting,' unless I've been nailed to the ground.''' ,'''There's much more to life than football.''' ,'''I'm different to someone like Jamie Vardy, who is a lot quicker than me but if he loses a yard he loses a large part of his game - whereas I never had the yard in the first place.''' ,'''My life has thrown up many challenges, good and bad, and nine times out of 10 I come through them.''' ,'''I loved watching Arsenal, my son's an Arsenal fan.''' ,'''I'm a Watford player until I'm told otherwise. I'm not one who's going to be putting in transfer requests, or bashing the door down.''' ,'''You don't appreciate the level of the Premier League until you are there.''' ,'''I don't want to sound too critical, but a lot of fans at some grounds I go to have got cameras in their hands, taking pictures of anything rather than generating any atmosphere during the game.''' ,'''When I talk about it, now people imagine I had an impoverished childhood, especially when I tell people we used to have to put coins in the side of the telly. But we were really happy. Mum never complained, there was always music playing in the house and we were always dancing around. It was a great childhood.''' ,'''I felt I had a good chance of playing for England for exactly 67 days - the length of time Sam Allardyce was manager of the Three Lions in 2016.''' ,'''My dad was not a footballer. He wasn't anything remotely what the average person would say was a role model - but in my eyes he was Superman.''' ,'''The hardest part of performing in the Premier League is the mental side of it, with everything being scrutinised.''' ,'''I'm from the era before the Internet, so I know what's real and what's not so you've just got to learn to roll with the punches.''' ,'''It's perceived that money can take care of anything but in my experience it makes everything 15 times harder because you can't act 'normal' and you're not allowed to be vulnerable or weak but we all are.''' ,'''Do I give up? No.''' ,'''There were bigger and better players before me and there will be bigger and better after.''' ,'''My dad was well known on the streets, shall we say, and he had a different lifestyle, which could spill into the home setting. Being exposed to that at a young age was difficult.''' ,'''When I got to jail, it was a blessing in disguise because it made me reevaluate and check who I am as a person.''' ,'''The core of who I am and what I'm about, I'm a loyal person, I'm honourable, as I say I'm a softie I'll do anything for anyone. But, there's this other part of me that, I've been exposed to so much at a young age that's now, right, I have to look after myself.''' ,]
+++