+++
author = "Nick Nolte"
title = "Nick Nolte Quotes"
quotes_len = "80"
description = "the best 80 Nick Nolte Quotes"
keywords = "nick nolte,nick nolte quotes,nick nolte quote,nick nolte sayings,nick nolte saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You do come to a point where you can get your life in control a bit.''' ,'''Electing a black president was probably the only coup America could pull off.''' ,'''You don't learn anything from success. You know, it's comfortable, it's nice, it's warm, but success just leaves you kind of feeling a little bloated.''' ,'''Peace, truthfully, is how you feel inside.''' ,'''No one wants to spend too long inside their own darkness.''' ,'''If I'm going to have to deal, as I get older, with arthritic pain, I don't want to get into opiates.''' ,'''If you feel you have a film that's valid, you stick your ass on the line.''' ,'''The difference between a murderer and myself is only that I choose not to do it. But I'm capable.''' ,'''I've been in movies where the movie doesn't come together but the role comes together, or the movie comes together but the role doesn't come together or something like that. Something misses. It's very difficult to make it hit on all cylinders - it's just very rare.''' ,'''I have a high degree of sensitivity, always have. I was very shy as a child. I don't know why that was.''' ,'''With 3D, all you're doing is trying to shock the audience; there's no value to the storytelling.''' ,'''It's failure, really, that you grow by, although nobody likes to experience it.''' ,'''Ageing's a difficult thing, moving closer to death, but it's okay. I've had a good time living, so I'm gonna have a good time dying.''' ,'''You work at a job, and you reach a certain level, and you're a little satisfied, and you keep going at it a little more, and you finally finish it. You go, 'Ah,' all your dopamine receptor sites are full. You're satiated.''' ,'''All American males are failed athletes, and it was big time even if it was Little League. It meant a lot to you.''' ,'''I've never been all that comfortable in real life.''' ,'''In 'Over the Hedge,' I played a bear, and I spent all this time listening to the sounds they make when they fight and mate, when they're angry or happy.''' ,'''Violence isn't really my thing.''' ,'''I can't get any satiation. My brain is wired in such a way that I - in my research, I probably have a lack of D1 and D2 receptor sites. These are dopamine receptor sites, and satiation is a process that involves a cascade.''' ,'''Actors are really working with bodies, with their minds, and with their emotions. Feelings, basically. That's what movies are about, going from one feeling to another.''' ,'''American society is still puritanical.''' ,'''How do I relax? Meditate, I guess. I quit golf. You twist your back and get all cranked up.''' ,'''It's easier to go somewhere if you've been there before.''' ,'''In the sixties, you're still thinking you could do something about this slow disintegration of the body.''' ,'''I've made a lot of mistakes and I don't regret any of them. Sometimes that's the only way you learn.''' ,'''When you are making the one you are doing, you think it is the greatest film going. And then you do another one and it is a great film.''' ,'''I'm glad I never went to war.''' ,'''If you had a cancer on your skin and had it burned it off, you'd wash it and clean it every day.''' ,'''We're social animals. We've got to get along together. It's in our nature. We're hardwired that way.''' ,'''The way you conquer fear is to feel it all the way, and then you'll find out that there's nothing there - it's just emotion.''' ,'''If I'm not a successful human being, who I am?''' ,'''Nobody likes to lose power or reach a point of humility.''' ,'''It's fun to change your body and find new things that your body does because of the weight.''' ,'''Success comes to you with luck and a lot of hard work, but it doesn't give you the right to be any better than anybody else.''' ,'''No one consciously wants to destroy themselves. It always comes in a disguise. But then you have to deal with it some way.''' ,'''About the only thing that'll stay with you that you can trust all your life is your breath. Your breath will be there at the very last, because when it stops, you will stop.''' ,'''Yes, you can get addicted to exercise.''' ,'''The truth was that, you know, there was no reason to send me to Shattuck Military School. But it was a disciplinarian school.''' ,'''When women talk about their feelings, they're not asking for solutions.''' ,'''You give up your narcissism, your egotism. That's how you achieve chemistry.''' ,'''Early on I decided that I was going to lie to the press. The best approach to talking about my personal life was to lie.''' ,'''I never fought much. It just wasn't my thing. I suppose I could, but I've never got into fights. Not a real one.''' ,'''The thing about '48 Hrs.' that really isn't thought about much is that's the first film where the black and the white criticize each other.''' ,'''If you're older you want to tell stories about the pool of human life and living and to communicate, not only to your age group but to do an age group that can begin to understand, that has enough experience of life far beyond the taste of life.''' ,'''Acting is a bit of a substitute for life.''' ,'''I never felt comfortable in real life very well. It's always been an awkward kind of thing for me and so when I hit the stage I just sensed freedom. I sensed, 'Here's a place that I can have all the experiences of life and not feel uncomfortable about it.'''' ,'''Action films have a certain illogicalness to them. They're what we call, when we're working, 'exaggerated realism.'''' ,'''You're playing a role, but you're still feeling it. You can walk away from it after 'Cut,' but if you're playing a sad or mixed-up person, it's hard to stay in that place for these longish period of times. You kind of have to check out.''' ,'''Hollywood is all made up, anyway. Especially the stories and angles that people want to pin on you.''' ,'''Acting is always therapeutic.''' ,'''World War II affected the male population in a very detrimental way. They were happy to be home, happy to be alive, happy they won, but they could not express to anybody the horror they had been through.''' ,'''I never caught on to being a bully.''' ,'''I have a lot of scars, man. My mother said that a man is not a man unless he has a scar on his face. And what she meant by a scar was some kind of battle that you had to go through, whether it was psychological or physical. To her, a scar was actually beautiful and not something that marred you.''' ,'''We truly have an ancient part of the brain that was about survival when we were prey but we seem to have gone past prey. We eat everything and nothing eats us.''' ,'''In America, the old are neglected.''' ,'''Obviously I had gone all through high school and into college, and you don't do that not knowing how to read.''' ,'''We're really all alone. We can't ever get inside another person's spirit, and see the world they do. So we are alone in that sense. The only way we have to communicate feelings is through words.''' ,'''After Civil Rights, it was very awkward for whites and blacks. We didn't know how to talk to each other.''' ,'''We're very reluctant to change, even though we know that all things change, and especially our relationships are just determined to change.''' ,'''The only people who ever called me a rebel were people who wanted me to do what they wanted.''' ,'''I've been called 'the voice actor.'''' ,'''Birth is violent, and out of that violence is our only chance of rebirth.''' ,'''You have to struggle a bit, hustle a little, and be willing to go bankrupt. Once you're willing to do that, everything opens up and you get the freedom. My joke is that next year, I'll make the first film that costs zero dollars.''' ,'''Women are just more oriented toward feelings - and I don't mean that in a negative way. But with a male actor and a male director, the emotional exploration can only go so far. With a female director, you can end up exploring so many more depths.''' ,'''The greatest movie would be the movie that gave the audience a cathartic feeling of transcendence.''' ,'''I'd like to do one European film a year.''' ,'''Living in a small town, one of the keys to survival was your imagination.''' ,'''Everyone chases a bit of what they say life is about: money, desire... But when you stop chasing, you realise life is a rhythm and it's very peaceful, very quiet. You see, it's quite a miracle.''' ,'''Asking for forgiveness is just one of the most painful kind of experiences.''' ,'''Americans aren't good at accents, but the English are because their accents change. You go five or six blocks and the accent is different, so they are used to hearing different pitches. In America, you gotta travel maybe 10 states before you can really hear a difference.''' ,'''Now, there is always a tremendous fear of science and progressing forward into areas of the unknown and it is a valid fear. Some of the genetic alterations of food are a little edgy.''' ,'''Sometimes the writing can be so good that the actor doesn't really have to do anything.''' ,'''I accept the dying process. I would just like to be as healthy as I possibly can at each step and phase along the way.''' ,'''You don't want to make awards the reason you're doing things.''' ,'''I'm pretty much of a physical actor.''' ,'''If you get yourself in a hole, you dig yourself out.''' ,'''I am a good sewer. My mother taught me how to sew.''' ,'''I like working with writer-directors because you can solve problems right there.''' ,'''I can't ad-lib, or not for long.''' ,'''When I was a kid, my dad went to World War II. I didn't know him. I was born in '41.''' ,]
+++