+++
author = "Will Smith"
title = "Will Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Will Smith Quotes"
keywords = "will smith,will smith quotes,will smith quote,will smith sayings,will smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We all want to be in love and find that person who is going to love us no matter how our feet smell, no matter how angry we get one day, no matter the things we say that we don't mean.''' ,'''In black neighborhoods, everybody appreciated comedy about real life. In the white community, fantasy was funnier. I started looking for the jokes that were equally hilarious across the board, for totally different reasons.''' ,'''Goofy was the word that was used most often by my sisters because I've been this tall ever since I was 12 years old.''' ,'''If it was something that I really committed myself to, I don't think there's anything that could stop me becoming President of the United States.''' ,'''I try to speak my points of view about black America, and how I feel about black men and the role that black men should play in their lives with their children and in their lives with their women.''' ,'''As a child, I watched 'Dallas' and that was my vision for my life for as long as I could remember.''' ,'''Life is lived on the edge.''' ,'''The things that have been most valuable to me I did not learn in school.''' ,'''I mean, I'm very serious with my kids about them comprehending the intricacies of global finance.''' ,'''I would have absolutely messed up 'The Matrix'.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I installed refrigerators in supermarkets. My father was an electrical engineer.''' ,'''For me, there is nothing more valuable than how people feel in a movie theater about a movie.''' ,'''I don't necessarily believe in organized religion.''' ,'''Whatever your dream is, every extra penny you have needs to be going to that.''' ,'''My school was 90 percent white, but 90 percent of the kids I played with were black. So I got the best of both worlds. I think that is where my comedy developed.''' ,'''I've trained myself to illuminate the things in my personality that are likable and to hide and protect the things that are less likeable.''' ,'''When you create art, the world has to wait.''' ,'''I want the world to be better because I was here.''' ,'''And where I excel is ridiculous, sickening, work ethic. You know, while the other guy's sleeping? I'm working.''' ,'''It's quite highly possible that I have peaked. I mean, I just can't imagine what else I could do beyond this. It's really a bittersweet kind of feeling.''' ,'''I'm a student of patterns. At heart, I'm a physicist. I look at everything in my life as trying to find the single equation, the theory of everything.''' ,'''Traditional education is based on facts and figures and passing tests - not on a comprehension of the material and its application to your life.''' ,'''Well, all I know is what I read in the papers.''' ,'''My first record came out while I was a senior in high school, which is dangerous.''' ,'''My skin is hard when it comes to my music. But with my movies, I'm still a virgin in a lot of ways. I'm not used to being shot down for no reason.''' ,'''The first step is you have to say that you can.''' ,'''I think with movies I am really connecting to the Joseph Campbell idea of the collective unconscious.''' ,'''I had to focus and create a character in Bagger Vance, not just do my 'Will Smith' thing and get paid.''' ,'''I've never really viewed myself as particularly talented. I've viewed myself as slightly above average in talent.''' ,'''Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.''' ,'''Tommy Lee Jones is hilarious. I would say, if you look at the body of his work, the character he is most like is the one in 'The Fugitive.' That's how he talks and jokes. That is the type of energy he has.''' ,'''I have a great time with my life, and I wanna share it.''' ,'''I know how to learn anything I want to learn. I absolutely know that I could learn how to fly the space shuttle because someone else knows how to fly it, and they put it in a book. Give me the book, and I do not need somebody to stand up in front of the class.''' ,'''You can cry, ain't no shame in it.''' ,'''Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.''' ,'''I'm a student of world religion, so to me, it's hugely important to have knowledge and to understand what people are doing.''' ,'''I've always considered myself to be just average talent and what I have is a ridiculous insane obsessiveness for practice and preparation.''' ,'''I had a hit single on the radio for 30 days before I graduated from high school.''' ,'''A rapper is about being completely true to yourself. Being an actor is about changing who you are.''' ,'''I don't know what my calling is, but I want to be here for a bigger reason. I strive to be like the greatest people who have ever lived.''' ,'''So if you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready, and that is how I run my life.''' ,'''There's so much negative imagery of black fatherhood. I've got tons of friends that are doing the right thing by their kids, and doing the right thing as a father - and how come that's not as newsworthy?''' ,'''I love producing. I am loving doing that. I think that is my most natural space in the business. I just love producing or editing and that's where I thrive.''' ,'''The first time that I performed as an actor was the first day on the set of 'The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.'''' ,'''I love being black in America, and especially being black in Hollywood.''' ,'''I've viewed myself as slightly above average in talent. And where I excel is ridiculous, sickening work ethic.''' ,'''In my mind, I've always been an A-list Hollywood superstar. Y'all just didn't know yet.''' ,'''I was raised in a Baptist household, went to a Catholic church, lived in a Jewish neighborhood, and had the biggest crush on the Muslim girls from one neighborhood over.''' ,'''If you're not willing to work hard, let someone else do it. I'd rather be with someone who does a horrible job, but gives 110% than with someone who does a good job and gives 60%.''' ,]
+++