+++
author = "Sarah Dunn"
title = "Sarah Dunn Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Sarah Dunn Quotes"
keywords = "sarah dunn,sarah dunn quotes,sarah dunn quote,sarah dunn sayings,sarah dunn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A show is like it's own thing... it's a creation from so many people's talent and so much energy.''' ,'''For me, the word 'housewife,' because of, like, the 'Real Housewives' - I don't think housewife really means what it used to mean. To me, it's been a little bit overused to the point that it's not as loaded as it might be. I feel like in a perfect world we would say 'American Mom with Kids,' or something like that. 'Mom with Small Children.'''' ,'''I love being married. I love my house; I love my kids. I love all of it.''' ,'''If you really want to stay married to the person you're currently married to, I would not suggest trying an open marriage.''' ,'''I really tried to avoid living in L.A. for as long as I can.''' ,'''I really don't think you need to be 40 and have three kids and have a body of an 18-year-old.''' ,'''Writing a novel, when it's all going well, it's wonderful. You're lost in the world, and you have a relationship with your own mind. Also, as a novelist, you don't have to yell at anyone. But being an executive producer of a TV show, all you have is people coming at you with questions, and you're making decisions, decisions, decisions.''' ,'''Writing novels is so much more satisfying than writing television.''' ,'''I am really bad at being a mom. I think it's hard for me to be a mom. I do my best. I am not the poster child for being a mother, I will say that. I wish I was.''' ,'''Love makes you deluded.''' ,'''I'm an introvert.''' ,'''I think that our culture is doing something to women - let's say women in their late 30s and 40s and probably even 50s, - where they really are expected to keep this insane level of fitness and youth. I find that just a real waste of women's lives. I really do think that.''' ,'''If you're going to be married for a long time, I think you'll have a fair number of moments where you question things, no matter how good your marriage is.''' ,'''I don't really go on diets because when I go on a diet, my brain stops working. I mean, really, that's all I think about: what I can eat, what I can't eat. I sort of decided that's not what I want to do with my time on this planet. It's not it.''' ,]
+++