+++
author = "Joe Murray"
title = "Joe Murray Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Joe Murray Quotes"
keywords = "joe murray,joe murray quotes,joe murray quote,joe murray sayings,joe murray saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have never personally seen a hand transplant that is more useful than a prosthesis.''' ,'''I was shocked. They were going to give me money to make this really odd show? Well, I still had little thought of it going to series, but I thought it was great that my next short film was going to be paid for.''' ,'''Marriage should be a duet - when one sings, the other claps.''' ,'''To the patient, any operation is momentous.''' ,'''I do not feel any artist can produce great art without putting great personality into it. It is always a piece of you that goes on the screen or the canvass.''' ,'''Removal of an organ is difficult and dangerous. There have been several deaths of healthy donors. I think myself, I would be hesitant to participate as a liver donor. It's a very tricky operation.''' ,'''Since this was the first and only series I had ever produced, I was unaware of what the 'Normal' environment was for a studio. I tried to run it as I did in my SF studio.''' ,'''When I speak to students and they ask how much money you can make in art, as if that is a reason to persue it, I tell them to do something else.''' ,'''When an executive walked on our floor, it was at their own risk. As far as what others thought of working for me, I know I was very tough at times, and would storm down the hall after watching some bad animation from Korea. But overall, I feel we had a good time.''' ,'''We're the real estate industry - not the manufacturers.''' ,'''Somebody said us artists have trouble with success because art is derived from struggle. I disagree with that, because truely doing your art is success, whether you make money from it or not.''' ,'''With Charles Woods, it was the first time I had ever seen tissue from a dead person used to save a human life. It piqued my curiosity.''' ,'''Work is a prayer, and I start off every morning dedicating it to our Creator.''' ,'''I think cheese smells funny, but I feel bananas 'are' funny. I'm assuming Swamp told the whole story of the executives seriously asking us to replace the banana with cheese because they thought it was funnier.''' ,'''The friend that I based Heffer on was adopted, and it all played into his total personality.''' ,'''Sometimes things just click. The one contribution I tried to do, was shield the staff from the corporate politics that occur on any show. But yes, we all got along very well.''' ,'''Post-operatively the transplanted kidney functioned immediately with a dramatic improvement in the patient's renal and cardiopulmonary status.''' ,'''Two days prior to the Herrick operation I repaired a double cleft lip, resected a recurrent cancer of the mouth, corrected lop ears in a child, and closed a burn of the buttocks.''' ,'''I had worked on dogs for a couple of years developing a renal transplant operation. We had dogs running around with kidneys we had transplanted back into themselves.''' ,'''I was performing skin grafts and became interested in why skin wouldn't graft permanently.''' ,'''I still have a vivid memory of my excitement when I first saw a chart of the periodic table of elements.''' ,'''Sometimes a serendipitous reaction occurs when a network asks you if you have any ideas for a series, at a time when your creative flow is working in that direction.''' ,'''Anyone who knows me, knows I don't walk away from a commitment, but I had a commitment to myself. Yes, there were times Nickelodeon made it more difficult than it needed to be, but there were also times they made it easier.''' ,]
+++