+++
author = "Mason Mount"
title = "Mason Mount Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mason Mount Quotes"
keywords = "mason mount,mason mount quotes,mason mount quote,mason mount sayings,mason mount saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't really get the opportunity to wear many suits.''' ,'''The Premier League is definitely a big step up but you've got to be ready.''' ,'''My family have always said: 'Don't worry about the pressure side.' I've always stuck to that.''' ,'''Being a Portsmouth fan, I was able to go to the final in 2008, when they beat Cardiff. I went to the semi-final that year as well, so that year I got to go to Wembley twice. Those are brilliant memories, as a Portsmouth fan, going there to watch them win.''' ,'''You have to create your own atmosphere.''' ,'''When you reach the senior game, you can still be someone that leads by example but you can't just be that.''' ,'''The Champions League is on another level. The games feel different.''' ,'''We just try to focus on ourselves and how we can improve, what areas of our game we can do better in.''' ,'''The mentality side of football is massive.''' ,'''Don't look too far ahead or too far back, just stay in the moment and try to do the big things in football, which is winning trophies.''' ,'''Every day we need to get better, on the training ground and when we play. It takes time.''' ,'''I am a winner so I don't like watching other people win, especially other teams.''' ,'''I am always trying to improve.''' ,'''Dad was a manager at Newport, over on the Isle of Wight. I remember going from Portsmouth on the hovercraft to the Isle of Wight for games with my mum.''' ,'''When you are putting on that England shirt there is pressure to perform, but if you have been around it from a younger age I think you become ready for it.''' ,'''I'm a player that wants to do their best for the team and work hard. And maybe people take that the wrong way, I don't know.''' ,'''It's such an honour to represent your country. It's the pinnacle of the game so when you come to a major tournament, it's always playing on your mind about what the opportunity can be and what you can achieve.''' ,'''I've definitely got longer passing in my locker and you can bring that out more when you're playing in that No 8 position.''' ,'''I've played five positions in a match, not three!''' ,'''To see my name alongside the names I've looked up to all my life is crazy, Messi in particular. When I was younger I was a ball boy during a Barcelona and Chelsea match at Stamford Bridge and seeing him up close was amazing.''' ,'''Chelsea is the main goal for me, I want to play in their first-team.''' ,'''I'm very headstrong and I don't really let too many things get to me.''' ,'''Sometimes you're playing three games in a week, then you have to get the recovery in.''' ,'''It's a big moment for me personally to score three at home at Stamford Bridge, it's very special.''' ,'''A Ballon d'Or nomination is one of the best things you can achieve as a player but I want to achieve more and more.''' ,'''I feel like I am versatile and can play in a deeper role and obviously in a more forward role. I'm always learning.''' ,'''I think of the passion that the country has - not just for football but the passion everybody has to be from England. That's how I am as well.''' ,'''It is such a special thing. As a kid growing up, you look at the Ballon d'Or and how it is the top of the top from a personal point of view.''' ,'''Frank was an example throughout my career at Chelsea, and throughout my career as a midfielder. When it comes to scoring goals as a midfielder, you look at Frank Lampard as a role model.''' ,'''I was 18 and moved to a different country on my own. It was a tough decision but, looking back on it now, it was the best decision. I learned so much from being out there.''' ,'''I want more trophies - I want them all.''' ,'''I went to Holland and had a good season where I learned a lot about a different type of football. And then going to the Championship. We all know what that's like, how tough it is. And that added a different part to my game.''' ,'''We can never be content with being top of the group in the Champions League and going to the top of the league and being around it; we can never be content with that. We know what we can do and our goal is always to be No 1 and push for titles.''' ,'''I always go into a game trying to get an assist and trying to get a goal, I want to influence games.''' ,'''In the modern game, you have to be ready to change if the other team are tactically different to what you have prepared for.''' ,'''Watching David Beckham and Ronaldo scoring all these free-kicks, I was in awe.''' ,'''We need to keep doing the basics well.''' ,'''I'm a big self-critic and I know there is room for improvement.''' ,'''I feel like I can play in any position and I just want to understand, more and more, different positions.''' ,'''In a couple of games there have been players who have man-marked me, but that is down to me learning what I can do when those situations arise, getting in better positions.''' ,'''I've played midfield my whole life.''' ,'''The ball comes into the box and you have no idea how it is going to fall. You cannot have thoughts in your head, like, 'It is on my left, I am not going to hit it.' You just have to take it in your stride and hit the target. That is exactly what I try to do.''' ,'''I know the focus on my performance or the team's performance is on the pitch. We've got to do what we have to do on the pitch. What comes with it off, it doesn't bother me too much.''' ,'''I'd say friendships are one of the most important things in football.''' ,'''When you're clinical in front of goal you are going to win games.''' ,'''You don't want to be the boy leaving Chelsea, you want to train like every session is your last session because you know you always have to prove something to people.''' ,'''I think Barca and Iniesta were a big part of me growing up, looking at those as role models.''' ,'''I had a season of U23s football and I played in almost every game. For me, at that time I needed to move on. I didn't need to play another year of U23s and it wouldn't have helped me.''' ,'''Ultimately I want to play for Chelsea.''' ,'''Once you get that feeling of winning something and performing at the highest level, you gain that extra confidence to help you set new targets. That is something I have always done, mentally-wise.''' ,'''The Ballon d'Or presentation will be the first time I've ever worn black tie!''' ,'''I don't really look too much into the social media side. With the fans not at the stadiums, a lot of people have got a lot to say on social media. I try to stay off it even if we've won the game or lost the game, it doesn't really matter to me.''' ,'''That was always something I remember, playing in loads of different positions when I was younger, and learning about what it takes to play a right-wing role, or holding midfield, or as a striker. I had a lot of experiences in those different formations and positions.''' ,'''When we go out to train, there's like this big microwave which heats the boots up so when you put them on it feels nice and it's not tough and hard. When you have studs that are metal, they get boiling hot. So when Jorginho walks out and everyone is putting their boots on, he puts a hot stud on your leg. It burns your leg.''' ,'''For someone to say your son has a life-threatening illness only on the phone is hard to believe.''' ,'''It's all I've dreamt winning a trophy with Chelsea. To go all the way in the Champions League.''' ,'''I am someone that loves football. Any opportunity to play or be involved, I'll be ready.''' ,'''A big focus of mine is about what I do on the pitch.''' ,'''When you are putting that pressure on yourself to win the Premier League, every game brings pressure, every point counts.''' ,'''I learned so much and my mentality got so much stronger living away from my family.''' ,'''The focus is trying to get the three points every game.''' ,'''The most important thing for me is that I continue trying to hit the levels I've hit before and go even further.''' ,'''I think there is pressure on every game, we are England and are always looking to win every game and the performances we look to put in have to be top quality.''' ,'''Any goal I'll take it, especially at Wembley, anyway it goes in.''' ,'''That has alway been the goal. To be the best in the world, to win major tournaments.''' ,'''I'm going to learn from every obstacle.''' ,'''As a player, you want to win everything as much as you can. If you're a footballer, you're a winner. When you then step up to the first team and you win something with them, that feeling is multiplied massively because you're at the top of the club and now you're winning so you want it more and more.''' ,'''I'm versatile and I can change positions. That's what the modern game is about.''' ,'''In the Championship you do take tackles where you think, 'OK, he is putting one on me to prove a point.' They want to try and get in your head, ruin your performance. It doesn't bother me.''' ,'''I don't really look at any other thing but focusing on how I perform, what I can do in the game.''' ,'''It helps being a fan of a player and then playing against him because you know what he likes to do.''' ,'''I have had a lot of boos in my short career, that is obviously from away fans or home fans!''' ,'''To be called up to England, to play at Old Trafford and then to come and play at the Bridge, there's so much experience I can take away.''' ,'''Every off-season you look at what you can improve on. So you come in for the new season fresh and ready to go again.''' ,'''I always want to play every game.''' ,'''The two years out on loan were about trying to get experience and work as hard as I could to make sure when I came back I could give myself the best chance to get back to Chelsea and get in the team. That was my goal.''' ,'''As a midfielder, you are always going to have that pressure in there to move the ball quickly.''' ,'''A free-kick is a very tough technique and it's something I've always worked on.''' ,'''I thank my family for everything.''' ,'''I'll keep getting better and better.''' ,'''I'm always someone who wants to strive to prove someone wrong or show something that maybe they haven't seen.''' ,'''I've varied between playing a bit more forward in a No 10 position but I always kind of see myself as a No 8.''' ,'''I looked at a lot of players - the legends from Chelsea - when I was at the academy and witnessed the first team winning trophies and major trophies. I wanted to take things from every part of their game. I wanted to follow in their footsteps. Players like Lampard, John Terry, Didier Drogba, Ashley Cole, Petr Cech... All of them really.''' ,'''Dad's very hard on me and is my biggest critic, so 10 is always going to be the target. He has said that my whole life. If you are averaging 10 goals as a midfielder, you are having a good season.''' ,'''There are so many people who have helped me along my journey, too many to name really, but most important were my family.''' ,'''Growing up I was always small. I think growing up through the academy and being the small one, you get that technical side of the game and you are learning from bigger players.''' ,'''My dad has always been involved in football, as both a manager and a player, although only at the amateur and semi-professional level. He was quite successful in our local area and definitely had a massive influence on me and my football development growing up.''' ,'''You come into a team and there are players from all different countries so you have to work to show how good you are.''' ,'''I know how much the FA Cup means, especially to everyone in England. It's such a big competition.''' ,'''Christmas means a lot to me as me and my family have always been together celebrating, it is a big thing for my family.''' ,'''The seasons fly by so you have to make the most of every season and enjoy it, which is always something I try to do.''' ,'''We want to win trophies and we want to be top of the league.''' ,'''I always believed that I would make it to the first team through hard work and determination and I didn't let anybody get in the way of my focus, even my dad when he had questions.''' ,'''Fans don't forget anything do they?''' ,'''It is about getting into the box more, being more clinical, the final pass. It is about really putting that pressure on myself to be someone who creates.''' ,'''I never saw myself as a prospect, it was always about playing as much football as I can.''' ,'''Going on loan certainly helped me, speaking to players who've been in the game longer than me at that young age, especially at Derby.''' ,'''When I was in the academy I might have done a little trick here or there or a step-over, but as you get older I learned in the Championship, my first real experience of it, they don't always come off and experienced players are going to read it.''' ,'''I have evolved my game to be quick, to know what to do when the ball comes to me.''' ,'''My development at every age group was good. If I was playing in one age group, I always wanted to play the year above.''' ,]
+++