+++
author = "Neeti Mohan"
title = "Neeti Mohan Quotes"
quotes_len = "58"
description = "the best 58 Neeti Mohan Quotes"
keywords = "neeti mohan,neeti mohan quotes,neeti mohan quote,neeti mohan sayings,neeti mohan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You can never be completely satisfied with your work.''' ,'''I had always wanted to write a song on my mother and also mothers generally.''' ,'''I travel around the world with unknown people, but never feel scared. It's because I am from Delhi.''' ,'''I think travelling teaches you that there is a change which is constant and you have to develop an adaptive nature to be part of this celebration and to be a part of this journey called life. It gives a great understanding of people and their culture.''' ,'''I still believe that the voice as well as the body express a song together - that's my philosophy of performing a song.''' ,'''Everyone has to work hard, there is no short-cut. If you keep working hard there are a lot of musicians on a lookout for new voices.''' ,'''Knee-length dresses are a fetish. They can be in different materials or lengths, but they work just right for me.''' ,'''Nothing happens overnight for anyone. To become a skilled, accomplished artiste, you need time to work on yourself first.''' ,'''I quite often listen to Internet radio; especially the RnB section if I am jumpy.''' ,'''I sing for the joy of music... when I go back home with the satisfaction that today I recorded a good song or the whole crowd was singing along with me when I performed on stage.''' ,'''Hyderabad's quite a familiar place to me! One of my best friends stays here in Jubilee Hills. Her house was where I used to crash after a long day.''' ,'''I just want to grow as a musician. that's why I do different languages.''' ,'''I came from a reality show and my whole family including my sisters Shakti and Mukti Mohan have achieved fame through reality shows.''' ,'''My problem starts when I see that in a situation when the girl is telling her feeling, say crying or laughing, the song is sung by a male singer.''' ,'''I love my peace and quiet. I love to be with my family.''' ,'''You can never really ignore negative comments. There will always be some comments that will hurt you.''' ,'''Growing up with three younger sisters had many perks. I would choreograph their moves to Madhuri Dixit songs.''' ,'''Visiting Iskcon is a practice for my parents where I observed people involved in dance and music. It left a huge impact on me.''' ,'''I mostly travel on weekends, so weekdays end up being my break days. At home, I'm super lazy. I eat, sleep, watch a movie and chill with my dog, Frodo.''' ,'''I'm glad I've been offered songs from various genres, but I love singing melodies the most.''' ,'''I travel a lot. So my clothes are from all over the world. I pick up something from every place I visit.''' ,'''You have to be gifted to begin with, of course, but what follows is a process that takes a very long time. You train, you listen, you travel, you follow artistes... all of it goes into making you who you are as a performing artiste.''' ,'''It depends on my mood but classical music is what I am drawn towards. I also listen to Sufi music and bhajans too.''' ,'''People in the music industry are very professional and helpful. I really felt encouraged at every point because I met good people and got inspiration from them.''' ,'''Not to sound arrogant but I've worked with everyone I've always wanted to work with.''' ,'''Our house was like a girls' boarding school. We were always fighting for each other's clothes.''' ,'''When I perform in north India, I have a set of songs, and when I am in the south, I tend to prepare a playlist of Tamil songs along with Bollywood numbers. As a performer, I feel the pulse of the people!''' ,'''I used to do musicals in college, where I would sing, act and dance.''' ,'''I was president of the choreography society.''' ,'''I don't think I was ever cut out for a 9 to 5 white collared profession.''' ,'''I have been one of the fortunate people to work with A R Rahman in a film and also many stage shows. It is always a pleasure.''' ,'''My problem starts when I see that in a situation when the girl is telling her feeling, say crying or laughing, the song is sung by a male singer. Why?''' ,'''I am thankful to my parents for letting me pursue music as a career. No one in my family is a musician, so when I won a music reality show a decade ago, it was a breakthrough for me.''' ,'''Given a choice, I'd love to shift to Chennai!''' ,'''In my song 'First Class' from the film 'Kalank', I was okay with the shorter part in the duet because it was to praise the man.''' ,'''I'm sure that in my last birth, I lived in Chennai because I feel a strong connection with the place and people - because of the music and love I receive here.''' ,'''When I was a child, the idea of coming to Mumbai and becoming a singer was a far-fetched one.''' ,'''Europe's sense of fashion is too high-end and posh for my liking.''' ,'''My mother used to cook a special brunch for us on Sundays. We used to eat together and watch a film after that.''' ,'''The composers know what they want from you. So as a vocalist you have got to trust them and surrender yourself to their vision.''' ,'''I have sung many songs in Tamil and have been nominated for Filmfare Tamil this year for Neeyum Naanum for Naanum Rowdy Dhaan.''' ,'''I want to celebrate and salute motherhood.''' ,'''Having studied in a girls school, I was always surrounded by women, all of who were strong-willed and came from army backgrounds, that played a very important role in my life.''' ,'''Sometimes I get lazy, I want to get rid of that.''' ,'''I used to love Govinda songs and now I am embarrassed about it. I don't understand why thought because even now people dance to his music. I think they are still fun.''' ,'''I played volleyball and basketball and would also take part in dramatics.''' ,'''When we heard that actor Tom Hanks and his wife Rita Wilson, who were also in Australia, had contracted coronavirus, it was alarming.''' ,'''I'm just drawn towards music. That's where 99 per cent of my world is. Acting is interesting, but I just don't have the time for it.''' ,'''Be it while recording a song or singing to a live audience, I still get nervous. I feel that is very important. This is what makes me perform well.''' ,'''I'm in touch with musicians Jake Morley, Lewis Watson and Olivia Broadfield, who are extremely talented.''' ,'''It is great to be married. It's even better when your life partner and the new family are supportive of your profession. I love being married.''' ,'''All of us, including me, can work on our skills. Music is such a huge ocean, you can never feel that you know everything. There will always be something that you can learn.''' ,'''I never wear heavy animal prints, because I feel sad for the animals. They look majestic with their striped or printed hide and fur, and when people wear the same, they look horrible and out of place.''' ,'''Feminism for me is the freedom to choose, to live the way a woman wants to and to make this world a better place.''' ,'''We are four sisters and when we joined the industry we were outsiders and we did not know anyone in the industry. However, singing was something that I loved doing since my childhood.''' ,'''Though I used to do a lot of stage shows in my childhood and college, but never thought that it would turn into a career. I had no connection with Bollywood.''' ,'''I keep myself open to singing in different genres like classical dance songs, light classical folk, etc. There's so much to learn and I'm glad I'm on the right path.''' ,'''When I was in school, I would participate in almost every possible competition. I also went on to represent my school and college.''' ,]
+++