+++
author = "Jim Norton"
title = "Jim Norton Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jim Norton Quotes"
keywords = "jim norton,jim norton quotes,jim norton quote,jim norton sayings,jim norton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I get bored really fast.''' ,'''If someone doesn't like a comedian that's fine; a lot of people probably don't like my standup, and that's fine. But I think that the problem is people want you to get in trouble. That's the issue.''' ,'''I don't worry about the crowds agreeing with me anymore. I want them to laugh and have a good time, but I think they can disagree with you and still enjoy it.''' ,'''No matter how many books I've sold, nothing can correct the fact I look like Alfred Hitchcock from the side.''' ,'''I love doing the radio, and it's different every day. But stand-up is just you and the immediate reaction of the audience. So I love both.''' ,'''You can't apologize for who you are on a stage, you can reveal who you are but don't apologize because that's begging the audience to turn on you.''' ,'''It's nice to have funny friends. I like watching my friends perform.''' ,'''I unloaded trucks for a living and I hated it.''' ,'''Being a harsh, dirty comic, the last person on earth I ever expected to help my career was Jay Leno. I had always thought of performing on 'The Tonight Show' as an unachievable goal, because I bought into the myth that only squeaky clean, family-friendly material would be welcome there.''' ,'''Well, audiences will laugh at a lot of things that comedians won't.''' ,'''Obviously I'm 100-percent for freedom of expression.''' ,'''The one curse in America is that we deny who we really are and what we like.''' ,'''Being 'edgy' is not just cursing. There are some things socially that are just not acceptable to make fun of. Anything with race, they really won't let you do on TV unless it's completely soft.''' ,'''I don't think any comedy is ever shocking. I don't buy that. That's just what people brand it, when someone is saying something they don't like.''' ,'''You know, Americans think that they're such progessive and free thinkers, but we're as uptight as any other country when it comes to speech and language and content.''' ,'''I never expect anything. The more good things that happen the better, but I never expect anything.''' ,'''It's fun to pick the worst jokes you can think of.''' ,'''A lot of racism is paternalism. A lot of people hide their own racism because they treat blacks, minorities and other groups like children because deep down they feel superior and better than these people. And they don't feel like they should just treat a guy like a guy.''' ,'''A lot of times the mainstream public loves something, critics will hate it and then they'll think the public is stupid and they're above the public.''' ,'''I am a really bad boyfriend.''' ,'''Lenny Bruce did clean TV. You have to be able to do that, I think, to succeed because if you want to promote something, you go on 'The Tonight Show' or 'Letterman' or whatever, you can't be dirty.''' ,'''I'm very careful with my money.''' ,'''Regular people are the problem. It's not the government, it's not the invasive Big Brother, it's the fact that we're a nation of snitches and nosey people who then cry when somebody wants our personal information. I'm talking about people who are being voyeuristic to people's privacy.''' ,'''I don't have jokes that I can't defend.''' ,'''You can't worry about saying something that will get you in trouble because the line changes so fast. If you try to navigate it, you will not only suck but eventually say something stupid and get yourself dumb anyway.''' ,'''People say that Americans trends are transient, but the one activity we never seem to tire of is being outraged. Boy, do we love it!''' ,'''My instinct is to be honest and make fun of things.''' ,'''With 'Mouthful of Shame,' all of my fans or the majority of them said it's the best thing you've ever done and that meant a lot because as you go on with time, if they're still really enjoying it, that means you're getting better.''' ,'''Don Lemon is one of my favorites. I love him.''' ,'''I know I'm funny, and I like to be in front of people, and the fact that I'm good at that. It's the one thing that gave me self-esteem.''' ,'''I love Philly so much. I know that at any time, any place, a fight can break out. Those are great comedy fans.''' ,'''I'm always tired.''' ,'''To me the important thing for a comic to be is emotionally honest.''' ,'''I got really lucky that at age 12, I knew I just wanted to be a dancing monkey in front of people and entertain them, or try to. It's amazing that at age 12 I realized what a needy life I was gonna have.''' ,'''I'm not really great at writing things down unless for a roast or a particular event.''' ,'''I hate my hair so much.''' ,'''Here's the rule of thumb: When the entire family looks like the unibomber, they're against gay marriage.''' ,'''The more disgruntled the white people are, the happier they are to see me, that has to be it. I do really well in Boston, I do really well in Cleveland, I do really well in Philly, Jersey, certain parts of Florida. Places where there are really really aggressive white people tend to love me.''' ,'''Google is not my friend. I've been way too open in my career. Google has killed any shot I have on the dating apps.''' ,'''Wherever I go, there is definitely my audience. I would say in some places there's more of them than others, but it's one advantage to performing for a long time and building up kind of a reputation with a certain crowd.''' ,'''I like Fox, but I also like Anderson Cooper and Don Lemon.''' ,'''You just have to believe in what you're saying and be able to explain why you said it. There's nothing I say that I can't back up or at least explain why I came to that conclusion, so I'm not afraid of getting in trouble.''' ,'''There are just some things that I don't think jokes are good for.''' ,'''Ozzy Osbourne is one of my favorite interviews, he's so good.''' ,'''I figure I do a lot of things, none of them particularly well.''' ,'''You never want your greatest work to be 10 years ago.''' ,'''I like to keep busy, because otherwise I'd be languishing by myself.''' ,'''I always wore a hat. They were gonna throw me out of high school because I wouldn't take my hat off. But it was just a deep insecurity about my awful hair.''' ,'''I'd like to get my own TV show on, whether it's a talk show or a comedy, that I write.''' ,'''I have cowlicks, so my hair has always been a source of torture for me.''' ,'''I don't really like Phil Robertson and I think his opinion about gay marriage is stupid. But in a country where we want an honest conversation, we have to realize that part of the honest conversation is hearing things we don't like and discussing them.''' ,'''Americans have always been inconsistent and kind of fake with outrage, but we've just slipped totally upside-down.''' ,'''My job is to be funny.''' ,'''Everyone has a reason why their particular sacred cow is the sacred cow to be honored.''' ,'''Comedians want honest discussion because it affects us. We make our living talking, so anything around language affects us greatly.''' ,'''I've done 'Letterman' twice and he was friendly, he said hello as he was shaking your hand and in front of the audience, but you never spoke to him before or after.''' ,'''I get away with 10 times more on 'Leno' than I would on any other show.''' ,'''I don't watch too much television because I want to write something, and you never want to be influenced by other things that are on - and if they're really funny it'll just depress me because it's something I'm not a part of.''' ,'''I never care if the audience groans.''' ,'''Comics who consider themselves 'mavericks' or think the crowd doesn't get them are normally lousy comics.''' ,'''If I'm gonna make fun of Trump, I'm gonna tell you things that I've done that are similar. I like to tell on myself, as well as make fun of the people I'm talking about. I feel like it gives me more of a right to make fun of them if I am talking about myself, too. It's more fun for me that way, honestly.''' ,'''For me, a good comedy town is filled with people on the verge of a riot. They need something to relieve the tension.''' ,'''If the show is going really well and the comedian is still annoyed with the audience, chances are he's a Boston comic. That's the beauty of Boston comics.''' ,'''The biggest killer to funny is hyper sensitivity to certain subject matter and Montreal is as guilty of that as L.A. or New York or San Francisco.''' ,'''I want people to feel like there's nothing they have to be worried about laughing at. There's nothing that can't be made fun of.''' ,'''If I leave the mike in the stand, my hands absolutely move more. I'm not sure if it's a conscious thing.''' ,'''It's not a hard job, radio or standup, there are hard parts of it, sure. There are guys who do ten hours of construction a day don't want to hear me talk about my job being difficult. Compared to what a lot of people do, this is genuinely easy.''' ,'''I have exposed so much of my own real life. Like I feel like I always try to be honest and I always try to talk about where I am at and what I want.''' ,'''The image people have of comedians staring defiantly over a stationary line of good taste is simply inaccurate. We don't approach this line, put our toes over it arrogantly and then scamper back to safety. The line doesn't exist.''' ,'''It's surreal to be hanging out on Ozzy's patio with him talking politics. It's so funny when people doubt that he's with it because he's a really sharp, smart guy.''' ,'''Communicate and just be open with each other. Have an unpleasant talk once in a while so it does not turn into a festering resentment, which is inevitable. It has happened with every girlfriend I have ever had.''' ,'''I date but nothing really long term. I haven't had much luck. I probably haven't met the right woman. Most probably know to stay away from me.''' ,'''It's really hard to truly want people who you hate to have the right to say whatever they want. And we all disguise the ugly self-centeredness of it.''' ,'''I know that I have a good career and I'm really busy, but there's always that part of my mind that's like, 'You're not doing enough, nobody knows you're alive, you're failing.'''' ,'''I think what's happening is that women are allowed to be funnier as we stop pretending that there are subjects that they shouldn't address.''' ,'''Language in comedy is very violent.''' ,'''I'm boring. I really don't do much.''' ,'''I'm a much nicer guy than people think I'm going to be.''' ,'''I don't care if I offend people. I really don't care.''' ,'''I choose to believe that we are addicted to the rush of being offended, the idea of it, rather than believing we have become a nation of emasculated children whose only defense against an abyss of emotional agony is a trigger warning.''' ,'''I got a GED when I was 21 and it doesn't mean anything to me now. I'm still a high school dropout and I like the fact that I've had a good life without that.''' ,'''I once had a therapist fall asleep on me. That really wrecks your self-esteem.''' ,'''I'm afraid if I start to enjoy life, the rug will be yanked out from beneath me.''' ,'''I like being single.''' ,'''I find when most people are offended, it's phony. It's an attention-seeking device. So I love to call them out on it from stage.''' ,'''Anyone who can't tell the difference between a joke and hate speech is just stupid.''' ,'''Trevor Noah is a great, relevant young comic, and Comedy Central is smart to stand by him.''' ,'''You know, a comedian's comedian is just that - it's a guy who's original and funny and can make comics laugh.''' ,'''I hate a well-lit room.''' ,'''Every comic says things that are going to offend someone, so we all have to defend each other with this stuff.''' ,'''I wanted to do a talk show that reminded me of the old school ones I loved as a kid, without all the fake enthusiasm and sound bite-driven conversations.''' ,'''Anything you can do that's self-destructive in Vegas, whatever that is, I do it.''' ,'''Realize that doing comedy is only going to make your depression worse.''' ,'''All major cities are the same. People have the same sensibilities and they get afraid of the same subjects, groaning at the same things.''' ,'''I think people like to label everything. I just think it's comfortable.''' ,'''If somebody said about me, 'I don't think his jokes are good, I don't think he's a good comedian,' I don't like to read that but that's a fair thing to say.''' ,'''I am a degenerate, and I know that.''' ,'''It's really the old question: Does art inspire life or does life inspire art? Maybe it's a combination of both. But Trump represented something. He didn't create what we are. He comes from what we are. And he's a representative of what we are, whether we like it or not. He's just not our better nature.''' ,'''The media is a very necessary thing in our country to keep people honest.''' ,'''I love everything about Boston. The women are phenomenal, they're all dirty. It's just a really great place to do comedy.''' ,]
+++