+++
author = "Madeline Zima"
title = "Madeline Zima Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Madeline Zima Quotes"
keywords = "madeline zima,madeline zima quotes,madeline zima quote,madeline zima sayings,madeline zima saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm very spiritual. I meditate every day. I don't know if that's surprising or not, but I've been doing that since I was 16 every day, so that's like kind of my thing. I'm really a hippie-chick at heart.''' ,'''It's just not a good idea to drink and drive; that is just common sense. But common sense is not that common!''' ,'''I want to direct one day. I want to write my own thing and really be behind the scenes because you have more creative control.''' ,'''I think a great first date would be something different... not like movies or going to dinner... going rock climbing together... doing an activity and then going to dinner, so that you guys share an experience, and then you have something to talk about, and it's not the same old thing.''' ,'''Ninety-nine percent of the time, when it comes down to it, if I have the choice between a great role and seeing a new guy, I would probably go for the great role because I figure if the guy's really that great that he'll be around once I'm done with the movie.''' ,'''Strike the right balance between your outfit and makeup. Make a statement with one, not both.''' ,'''If you're not kind, then you won't be attractive to me personally because that spirit shines through and makes people attractive.''' ,'''It would be nice to not have to prove myself and for people to know that I'm good and can play a role. Whatever role that is that lets people know that I can play the next role is what I want to do.''' ,'''When you do well at an audition, it is the highest high you can achieve because you just beat yourself. You became whatever it was, for a minute. It's a great feeling when that happens.''' ,'''I've only gotten directly offered two or three movies, ever. I don't have the luxury of being able to say no a lot, and I don't really have the luxury of just getting to pick and choose certain things. If I did, I probably would choose even more different roles than I've played.''' ,'''My sisters are my best friends and my most staunch supporters. They're always there to help me through every audition, through interviews, and through everything. Hopefully, I find some guy that I love as much as them some day. They are the best things in my life, and I would be completely lost without them.''' ,'''I took Latin and Spanish. I can speak a very small amount of Spanish, but Latin has sort of gone away! Unless I was joining the Catholic Church, there would be no need to learn Latin.''' ,'''I grew up with a lot of people who are famous now. I was friends with Hilary and Haley Duff. They are such lovely girls. I have watched their careers blossom, which I am really happy for. I grew up with Ashley Tisdale; we used to both live in Valencia, so we used to hang out back in the day.''' ,]
+++