+++
author = "Logan Green"
title = "Logan Green Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Logan Green Quotes"
keywords = "logan green,logan green quotes,logan green quote,logan green sayings,logan green saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I went to the University of California, Santa Barbara, in 2002, I decided I wanted to leave my car at home and create an experiment with my own life. I'd only be able to find creative solutions to transportation if I felt the pain of trying to get to downtown at 10 o'clock at night.''' ,'''A lot of the other companies in the space have really left a bad taste in regulators' mouths. It's actually been a huge advantage when we come in and we take the time to sit down and get to know them, explain the business, explain what we do.''' ,'''People crave community, more efficient living, and easier access to the places they want to go.''' ,'''On-demand ridesharing can make cities less congested and polluted and free up resources. Shared rides can become so affordable that they cost the same as a bus ride today.''' ,'''Almost every ride we're profitable on. We make money on every ride.''' ,'''Our goal was never to create a better taxi.''' ,'''We want Lyft to meet your needs, whether going out to a nice date or event and want a nicer car, or if you're just trying to get to work every day and need something affordable.''' ,'''I really admire Airbnb as a pioneer of the sharing economy and for building community. They've found an elegant way to help hosts make more money and for guests to have authentic experiences. It brings those people together in a unique way.''' ,'''With Lyft Line, we are matching two or more passengers who are heading the same way. That's how we're going deeper and are able to provide transportation for different kinds of trips.''' ,'''From the way that we build cars or going after space travel, I get excited about the transportation space because it's the second-highest household expense after housing.''' ,'''When you are talking about transportation, people aren't making their plans while in front of a computer.''' ,'''In March 2005, I was appointed to the board of the Santa Barbara metro transit district. I was incredibly optimistic about how public transportation can be the solution to help people live in the city and not need a car.''' ,'''Mobile forced us to rethink the user experience and do something people would be able to carry out on in a couple of seconds on the mobile phone. By stripping out all the work the user used to do and putting that on the company, we were able to create a much better user experience.''' ,'''Lyft Line is our biggest step in bringing down prices... We've been thinking about this ever since we launched Lyft. We always intended to do it.''' ,'''If we want every car on the road to be a Lyft, we need to make it incredibly convenient for drivers.''' ,'''I've always been fascinated with how transportation systems work and how cities are designed.''' ,'''I think we've built a bit of a culture and a market around people who are open and seek out that social interaction.''' ,'''We're building the ultimate experience for fun, flexibility, and empowerment where you can rent a car, fill it with discounted gas, meet new people, stop for a Starbucks coffee, and have your earnings deposited into your bank account all in the same day.''' ,'''Lyft came out of a hackathon project where we were trying to figure out what does Zimride look like on mobile.''' ,'''Every transportation department at schools thought that there should be a bike buddy program. They thought that bicycle commuters wanted to find another buddy to bike with to campus, which is a nice idea. But the consumer demand for that was about zero.''' ,'''Uber is a good car service, and that's exactly what they were when we launched.''' ,'''There's a misconception that Lyft is just a better version of the taxi. You know, I think that's just scratching the surface of what we're doing.''' ,'''When people want transportation, they want it now.''' ,'''The company culture is about being human, being good to other people. We recently did a survey with our drivers. 48 out of 50 said that they preferred driving with Lyft because they said that passengers were friendlier.''' ,'''I try to block a couple of hours of unscheduled time every day so that I can work on the day's most important projects.''' ,'''Our vision for the world is making car ownership unnecessary.''' ,'''I think Uber is a good car service, but Lyft is going after a much bigger problem in trying to make life without a car possible and reinvent the way people get around cities.''' ,'''Most of the population cannot afford a private driver. What we're doing is relentlessly innovating to bring the price point down.''' ,'''Our goal was to completely change transportation. Change traffic. And make it possible to get anywhere you want to go without owning a car.''' ,'''We refer to Lyft as a 'mullet app.' Simple up front, a lot going on in the back.''' ,'''We created Lyft because we want to establish a radically different concept of personal transportation. We want people to think of transportation as a service enabled by technology instead of as an expensive and large piece of hardware to own.''' ,'''I typically work out 20-30 minutes every morning to get the day started.''' ,'''When you're starting a company, almost anything that can go wrong will go wrong, and it will probably look like and feel like you made the absolute wrong decision to start the company. If you're not absolutely determined to solve a problem or see something through, it might not make sense to keep going.''' ,'''The Millennial Generation - the biggest American generation in history - is reversing the migration into rural areas and moving back to city centers.''' ,'''Particularly when it comes to the regulatory environment, being a jerk doesn't actually get you very far.''' ,'''Every mom in a minivan, every person commuting - anytime they are on the road, they should be able to go into driver mode and give a ride to a neighbor. That's how we achieve scale.''' ,'''In L.A., it's the sort of city where you have to have a car to get around.''' ,'''I grew up in L.A., and it's one of those cities designed around cars instead of the people that live there. I spent hours every day stuck in traffic, having the experience of looking around and seeing one person in every car.''' ,'''To get to the office every day, I either take a Lyft or have my wife drop me off. It's about a 15-minute drive from my house to the office.''' ,'''We're learning a lot from large international competitors... As we go international, we're looking to add something unique to the market. And so when we do go international, it won't just be as a taxi service.''' ,'''I start every day reviewing priorities, prepping for meetings, and getting updated on key projects.''' ,]
+++