+++
author = "Crystal Hana Kim"
title = "Crystal Hana Kim Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Crystal Hana Kim Quotes"
keywords = "crystal hana kim,crystal hana kim quotes,crystal hana kim quote,crystal hana kim sayings,crystal hana kim saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was almost two years old, my grandmother flew from Hongcheon, South Korea, to Flushing, Queens, to take care of me.''' ,'''For me, writing is something that I need to do. If I'm not writing, I'm not happy.''' ,'''My grandmother lived under Japanese colonial rule until she was nine. Korea, still united and whole, was colonized in 1910. During this period of forced occupation, Japanese teachers taught Korean students how to view the world through their imperialist language, their history, their foreign tongue.''' ,'''By the time I was a teen, I was an expert at scanning people's faces, always in search of eyes like mine. I devoured glossy magazines, ever mindful of the language we used to talk about beauty. The sections on how to apply makeup intrigued me most precisely because their audience never included me.''' ,'''Memory warps and stretches and shifts to fit the strictures of your life.''' ,'''I came from a practical family. The idea of being a writer seemed impossible to me.''' ,'''As a major feature film with Asian Americans in leading roles, 'Crazy Rich Asians' is important. We hope that this movie will be our 'Black Panther,' announcing to Hollywood that we are here, we belong, and we are ready for more.''' ,'''When I was in the second grade, I learned that I looked different from my classmates.''' ,'''Summer in Seoul is full of thick heat that clings to your neck, the back of your knees.''' ,'''As a Korean American, I grew up yearning to see actors that looked like me. On the rare occasions I saw an Asian celebrity, I adored them unflaggingly.''' ,'''I don't know if it's unique, but I know many Korean American people of my generation who want to know about their grandparents' lives in Korea, but their family members won't tell them because it's too painful. But my grandmother is just a natural storyteller, and she very openly spoke about really difficult times in her life.''' ,'''Growing up, I fluctuated between wanting to modify my looks and embracing them.''' ,'''I love books where you can fall in love with the character. And when I say fall in love, I don't mean to be so enraptured by them but to know them really deeply.''' ,'''Regret is something I wanted to write a lot about because once you make a decision, regret doesn't do anything except linger inside you.''' ,'''It's so important for us to write complex, realistic women because that's what we are.''' ,'''When I heard that Hollywood was going to make Kevin Kwan's novel 'Crazy Rich Asians' into a movie, I was so ecstatic I nearly cried.''' ,'''I'm not writing necessarily for an audience. I think about the audience at the end, once I have a complete book. But, when I'm writing it, I really need to feel like I'm learning, and I'm investigating something that I'm personally interested in.''' ,'''Words have power, and especially in the realm of beauty, how we speak about ourselves is important.''' ,'''My grandmother raised me when I was little. I was born here, and my parents are immigrants; they needed someone to help take care of me because they were working a lot, so my grandmother came from Korea. So I'm very close with my grandmother, and I keep in touch with her a lot.''' ,]
+++