+++
author = "Lindsey Vonn"
title = "Lindsey Vonn Quotes"
quotes_len = "109"
description = "the best 109 Lindsey Vonn Quotes"
keywords = "lindsey vonn,lindsey vonn quotes,lindsey vonn quote,lindsey vonn sayings,lindsey vonn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everything about my life seemed so perfect to people. But I struggle like everyone else.''' ,'''Vail's a very important place for me. Everyone kind of took me in and accepted me in that town, and they still have to this day. I wouldn't be a downhill skier if I hadn't been there.''' ,'''My mom is positive and optimistic.''' ,'''Even growing up, I was always the helper-outer, the sous-chef to my parents.''' ,'''I hate being helpless, and I hate having to ask people to do things for me.''' ,'''I've always loved working, doing interviews with the guys on the 'Today' show; everyone's really easygoing, and I always feel comfortable on the show.''' ,'''Facebook and Twitter have changed how people follow ski racing. In past Olympics, you couldn't stay in touch with the fan base that followed you during the Olympics. They thought they had to wait four years to reconnect.''' ,'''I have a race routine. I have a team of people helping me. I have winning habits. I believe in myself. I have balance in my life.''' ,'''I want to be known for my athletic achievements, not my celebrity.''' ,'''In the winter, I'm always in Europe. July and September are New Zealand and Chile camps. I'm always on the road.''' ,'''Everyone knows marriage is tough.''' ,'''Since childhood, sports has been one of the most important influences in my life.''' ,'''My childhood dream was to win the Olympics, and I've done that. Everything else is icing on the cake.''' ,'''When you're young, you develop ways to win, and you think they will always work, but then you get to the top, competing against the other top athletes, and sometimes things don't work.''' ,'''I enjoy just showing people other sides of me, especially everyone always sees me in my helmet and ski suit. It's nice to just show everyone me, just me in my everyday clothes or just me in high heels or just me not in my ski gear, basically.''' ,'''I don't know if I'll ever get used to the idea that strangers know who I am. I don't know if I want to.''' ,'''My crazy training-and-competition schedule leaves very little time to focus on my hair.''' ,'''Divorce doesn't fit my cookie-cutter image.''' ,'''Ninety percent of the day is working out. Sometimes I get my nails done and go to the grocery store.''' ,'''Records are the only thing that remain of an athlete, the only thing that people will remember. If I want to ensure that people don't forget me, I can only stop once I've set the bar as high as possible for anyone coming after me.''' ,'''I went from being married to living on my own in L.A., to having a new boyfriend and just being totally self-sufficient and super independent. It's awesome. I love it!''' ,'''I won't lie - I picked up the occasional gossip magazine in the past because I thought that maybe 5 to 10 percent of it was true. Now I think it's zero percent.''' ,'''There are times when one certain snow condition is great for one particular brand of skis.''' ,'''The thing is I have no ACL. So unless I get surgery, there's nothing really magical that I can do that's going to make it better. I just can get my leg stronger, my muscle stronger and try and support it a little more. But that has a small impact. My knee is loose, and it's not stable, and that's the way it's going to be from here on out.''' ,'''Tiger Woods makes me a better athlete.''' ,'''I'm not trying to get five medals. I'm not trying to be Michael Phelps.''' ,'''I love 'Saturday Night Live,' and it's such a funny show. I don't know if I'm funny enough to be on it but definitely would be interested in doing it.''' ,'''I'm not an idiot; I try not to look, but I see what people say about me on Facebook. I see other things written. But I don't care.''' ,'''People get nervous driving around corners, thinking they're going to tip over. But you can go soooo much faster through the curves than you realize.''' ,'''I'm not trying to race the whole men's tour; I just want to race one time. If you know me, which most people on the World Cup do, they know that this is a legitimate goal of mine and not a publicity stunt.''' ,'''Follow your dreams. If you have a goal, and you want to achieve it, then work hard and do everything you can to get there, and one day it will come true.''' ,'''I don't know where I'm supposed to meet a boyfriend. It's weird.''' ,'''I get up early, but it doesn't mean I like getting up early.''' ,'''The Olympics were the most pressure I've ever felt.''' ,'''I always channeled what I felt emotionally into skiing - my insecurities, my anger, my disappointment. Skiing was always my outlet, and it worked.''' ,'''In the end, it's a mental maturity to let your best come out.''' ,'''My mother-in-law's from Norway, and she's always liked old-school remedies.''' ,'''It's amazing. Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it.''' ,'''I can be normal by myself; no one notices me.''' ,'''I don't want to leave skiing early. I want to feel like I've done everything I can do.''' ,'''I can't picture myself being the people I always looked up to.''' ,'''Ski racing is not about how much you weigh. If weight was the key, everybody would be sucking down food.''' ,'''For sure, 2010 was the best year I've ever had. It couldn't have gone any better for me. Even if I just won the Olympic gold medal, that would have made it the best year of my career and the best day of my life, period. Winning the World Cup races and the overall title just topped it off.''' ,'''It's so important for kids to get involved with sports in general at a young age.''' ,'''I always ate healthy, but it wasn't scientific. Now it's a high-protein diet and no carbohydrates. I have more consistent energy, and I don't get tired after a meal. It does take a very detailed meal plan.''' ,'''If you go around being afraid, you're never going to enjoy life. You have only one chance, so you've got to have fun.''' ,'''It's sexy and beautiful to be strong.''' ,'''I wish it didn't take soooooo much to get physically to where I need to be.''' ,'''I did gymnastics when I was a kid. I wasn't very good at it.''' ,'''I want to show America who I am and inspire young kids.''' ,'''I've been to a lot of photo shoots, and I see these girls that are just really thin. They're not healthy. They don't work out.''' ,'''Just in general, staying healthy and active is important.''' ,'''I have three cows, and I'm looking forward to more in the future, so I'll have a little herd.''' ,'''I want to keep pushing the limits to see what's possible. That's the nice thing about ski racing - no one is stopping you from going faster.''' ,'''You are only limited to what you push yourself to, you know? You can always get better.''' ,'''Making ski racing fun and engaging for kids and families is an exciting opportunity and a real passion of mine.''' ,'''If you work so hard to reach your goal but you lose your pole in the very last run, that's hard to take.''' ,'''The Olympics are what I work for. They're why I spend so much time in the gym.''' ,'''Medals are decided by hundredths of a second, so I need assurance that my vision is perfect every time I compete, no matter what the conditions.''' ,'''I love the cowbell. I think it's awesome. My family got the cowbell app on their iPhones. It's a classic part of ski racing.''' ,'''I've always heard that heli-skiing in Alaska is amazing. I would love to be able to do that at some point in my life.''' ,'''Especially when I'm in the gym, I get really motivated by hip-hop.''' ,'''It's hard to give tips to skiers if I don't know how they ski, but I think the most important thing in skiing is you have to be having fun. If you're having fun, then everything else will come easy to you.''' ,'''Golf is all about patience - one tournament is four days long, 18 holes a day.''' ,'''My favorite ski run in the U.S. is International on the front face of Vail Mountain.''' ,'''Being on one crutch to no crutches is a huge difference.''' ,'''I'm proud to be part of any Olympic team.''' ,'''When my parents were getting divorced, I just said to myself, 'Go to sleep, and tomorrow you can go skiing.' I cried myself to sleep, and in the morning I was up on the mountain, and I was good.''' ,'''I try to eat on the healthier side, but baked goods are hard to resist. I just love sweet things.''' ,'''It's difficult to be at events with a room full of women who weigh half as much as you do.''' ,'''I'm never tired of winning, and I'm never tired of skiing.''' ,'''I have a little Nintendo DS, and I play these brain games that are supposed to stimulate your mind.''' ,'''You can get a big gust of wind, and your Olympics are over.''' ,'''It seems kind of silly, but it's really nice to chill in the kitchen with a friend and bake. It relaxes me, and mixing is probably my favorite part.''' ,'''There is a dessert dish in Austria called Kaiserschmarrn - it's kind of like a sweet raisin pancake with eggs and sugar. It's definitely not something I can eat often, but if I've done well at a race, sometimes that's my celebration treat!''' ,'''Everyone saw me on TV or read articles, and it was all about my great marriage, the white picket fence, all this success and my perfect life. But behind the scenes, it was a struggle.''' ,'''I find folding laundry very relaxing.''' ,'''When I first moved to Vail, it was like I was a little celebrity. You know, everyone knew my accomplishments. I was a young, fast teenager and making waves in the ski world. And it was really cool.''' ,'''I use men's skis because, honestly, they work better for me. They're longer, they're stiffer, they're harder to turn - but at the same time, they're much more stable.''' ,'''I've never once heard my mom complain about her stroke.''' ,'''I snack on fruit and nuts. In the middle of my long workouts, I'll have a protein shake.''' ,'''I don't really believe that you need to be married to someone to be their life partner.''' ,'''The history of skiing is important to me.''' ,'''I feel like winning a world championship was a hurdle I had to get over.''' ,'''I never thought my face would be on the cover of a Red Bull Six Pack.''' ,'''Skiing takes so much out of me, and when I start a family, I want to do it 100%.''' ,'''I wouldn't change being married. It was good for me, and I was happy for a period of time, and I learned a lot about myself.''' ,'''You have to be a little crazy to be a downhill skier.''' ,'''I'd like to keep my personal life private. In reality, I know that's not possible. In the present, I'm trying to pretend it's possible.''' ,'''An overall title is one of the biggest things you can win in our sport.''' ,'''Olay BB Cream is a lifesaver, and I wear it every day while I train and compete. Twenty-four-hour hydration and sheer color helps me look flawless even when faced with that unforgiving Jumbotron!''' ,'''Athletics at the highest level is a sport within a sport.''' ,'''When I get on the World Cup tour, I'm kind of disconnected from the world. I just kind of get wrapped up in my world and wrapped up in trying to ski fast every day, and I forget about everything else.''' ,'''For someone to say I am overweight is completely ridiculous.''' ,'''I'm not a crier.''' ,'''Life's short, you know? Especially as an athlete. Your career is very short, and you use the opportunities that you have because you're not going to have them again.''' ,'''Setbacks motivate me.''' ,'''Mascara is my go-to product before stepping out of the house.''' ,'''When you fall, get right back up.''' ,'''I feel like, with ski racing, you need to have a short memory. You crash all the time, and sometimes it's a really bad one, but sometimes it's not so bad.''' ,'''My mom is really tough.''' ,'''Vail Resorts School of Shred program is a great way to help encourage kids to stay active by getting them outside and on the mountain.''' ,'''Nothing really compares to the original 'Law & Order.'''' ,'''I remember when I met Picabo Street, you know, how in awe I was of her and how much she inspired me, and I really hope to be that for young kids.''' ,'''I love skiing fast. You're going 80 to 85 m.p.h. down an icy slope, and I love it.''' ,'''I take risks - that's my life on the slopes and off.''' ,'''I really like figure skating.''' ,'''I ski very aggressively, and the angles that I create with my body are similar to some of the male racers.''' ,'''A part of me is missing when I can't ski, but I've learned there's more to define me and make me happy, like stand-up paddling and Jet Skiing - things I'd never done before. Or being with people I love and just enjoying life.''' ,]
+++