+++
author = "Brandi Glanville"
title = "Brandi Glanville Quotes"
quotes_len = "66"
description = "the best 66 Brandi Glanville Quotes"
keywords = "brandi glanville,brandi glanville quotes,brandi glanville quote,brandi glanville sayings,brandi glanville saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I think of the name 'Joyce' I think of a grandma or an old chubby Mrs. Claus.''' ,'''I've definitely over-filled and I've definitely had some bad Botox where your eyes drop but, y'know, there's no shame in my game.''' ,'''All I care about are my children and that they are brought up properly and that they don't try to play their dad and mom against each other because they know we don't get along.''' ,'''I need to be able to save some money, so I can buy a house.''' ,'''I thought I was dead inside.''' ,'''Lisa Vanderpump is a manipulative person and when I was on the show I did a lot of her dirty work for her.''' ,'''I'm always on the move, but I don't want my hectic schedule to be reflected in how I look.''' ,'''I want to look feminine, powerful, sexy and bold.''' ,'''Eddie and I have decided to take some time apart. I want to do what is best for our children.''' ,'''I'm always in trouble.''' ,'''I'm really hygienic.''' ,'''I had a couple years of depression. I started drinking too much. I had to up my antidepressants. I cried all day, every day, and I lost weight. But I had to take care of two kids. It wasn't about me anymore.''' ,'''All my black friends can't swim. Is that bad?''' ,'''I think anyone can do a book if they want to, it's just timing- wise.''' ,'''I have already spent Christmas Eve and Christmas morning alone, missing my children, and crying because I have no family nearby.''' ,'''I think the most important thing that you can do when you're newly separated, or just out of a relationship, is put your foot back in the water. Don't be afriad. Get out there. Life is too short!''' ,'''I am a Scorpio so I am a little bit crazy.''' ,'''It's not a hard job to be yourself.''' ,'''But I don't hold grudges.''' ,'''Growing up, we never really had money. If I wanted to get something, I had to go out and get a job.''' ,'''I love beautiful people.''' ,'''I'm happy to take care of my family.''' ,'''I'm always attracted to the hottest boy in the room and that never works out.''' ,'''I've met some great men, I've met a lot of not-so-great ones.''' ,'''If anyone said anything sideways about my children, I would literally be in jail like, just straight up.''' ,'''Sometimes it feels like just yesterday that my ex and my baby boys were snuggling on the couch with me in our gorgeous Calabasas home. Other times, it feels like it was all a crazy dream.''' ,'''It's not fun to watch someone that you used to love kind of go down.''' ,'''As with any mother, all I wish is for my boys to have the peaceful family life they deserve.''' ,'''I'm a little bit tough because I can't afford to get my heart broken.''' ,'''So I did 'Celebrity Big Brother' and while I was locked in a house with crazy people I came out and Denise had actually gone to my agency and got with my agent. And my agent told me, hes like, 'Yeah, I have Denise Richards. That's so exciting, right?' I go, 'So basically you hired my competition. That's amazing.'''' ,'''I'm eating better and I'm drinking less. I'm not freaking out about social media and I'm exercising more. I'm just happy.''' ,'''Sometimes on-camera friends don't translate into your real life, but not for me.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with skincare, so I'm trying to get my esthetician's license.''' ,'''I'd rather grow alone with my girlfriends than with someone I'm not in love with.''' ,'''But I try to say things that are the truth, and I don't hold back, and sometimes it does get me into trouble.''' ,'''Everyone wants to know why my top lip doesn't move... I had laser hair removal on my upper lip, oh gosh, 2009, maybe 2008, and I got a third-degree burn. And my face on the right side doesn't move the way my face on the left side moves. So, that is why.''' ,'''I want people to not be embarrassed going through breakups and divorces, to know what to do before they get involved in a relationship.''' ,'''I published my first book, 'Drinking & Tweeting,' when I first started 'Housewives' and was being portrayed as a fun girl who spoke the truth.''' ,'''I'm a jokester.''' ,'''I think my passion is skincare because I've had so many different skin problems that I'm just fascinated by it. I find myself always reading about it.''' ,'''My friends all know this: I'm an open book.''' ,'''Unfortunately, my age on Tinder says 28, and we all know I'm not that, but I don't know how to change it! So, every time I match with someone, I have to say, 'You know I'm 46, right?'''' ,'''Just being a model and having been shipped off to Paris at 17, I wish my mom could have been at some of those photo shoots because there are some creepy people out there.''' ,'''I hate it when other people think they're better than you because they know your name because they can Google you.''' ,'''Unfortunately we were living beyond our means. I didn't do the bills, I didn't have any idea what our financial situation was. We had the cars, the boat, the motorcycles and the houses. I didn't even know. And then when we got a divorce there wasn't a lot of money to split up and what there was, was spent on the divorce. It was really difficult.''' ,'''If you're rude to waiters or waitstaff, I cannot handle that. I really think that shows your true personality.''' ,'''I know what having kids is like, and my kids are lovely, conscientious, and amazing.''' ,'''Unfortunately, I've been burned a lot. So I have my guard up.''' ,'''There are three words you'll never hear a housewife say: How. Are. You. Because they don't care.''' ,'''I wanted to create clothing that I would wear - that I truly want to wear - but which would also fit my active lifestyle.''' ,'''The truth of the matter is, when you're on 'Howard Stern,' you feel like you're in his living room talking to him, you don't feel like you're having an interview.''' ,'''Yes, I am very outspoken on Twitter.''' ,'''It's incredibly hypocritical of Eddie to object to filming around my children, especially given how public he lives his life.''' ,'''I'm not a lesbian and I'm not straight.''' ,'''I love makeup; I love fashion.''' ,'''Housewives' was a very... I had so much anxiety on that show. It was so much drama all the time.''' ,'''I maybe trust too much.''' ,'''In Beverly Hills, the faster you climb, the harder you fall.''' ,'''You know, I've done so much of my life in front of cameras... I wanted to show a different side of me. And I put it all out there anyway, so why not put my love life out there?''' ,'''I don't want to be on TV forever.''' ,'''I feel like if you wanna be sober and you can't handle being around someone who drinks, then don't do it.''' ,'''Everything I do is for my children.''' ,'''Truth is, I'm stronger on my own.''' ,'''Yeah, tons... fillers and botox and I've definitely made some mistakes but it's hard to watch yourself get older on television.''' ,'''I have been so cooperative with Eddie and LeAnn for the sake of my children. I even went and signed and notarized a document saying they could take my kids out of the country to Mexico on vacation. I wouldn't want to deprive them of such a great opportunity.''' ,'''I am a reality all-star. This is what I do. I'm not an actor or an athlete.''' ,]
+++