+++
author = "Jubin Nautiyal"
title = "Jubin Nautiyal Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jubin Nautiyal Quotes"
keywords = "jubin nautiyal,jubin nautiyal quotes,jubin nautiyal quote,jubin nautiyal sayings,jubin nautiyal saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to experiment with my voice and music because people have type-casted me as a soft ballad singer. I have to break that image.''' ,'''I love singing romantic numbers.''' ,'''My competition is always with my previous song. Each time I start working on a new track, I try to make it better than my last one.''' ,'''Whatever sounds best to the ear, to the whole team of people who are producing the song, is what works eventually.''' ,'''Mumbai city has given me a lot of love.''' ,'''Delhi has the best food in the country. From Mughlai to Chinese and rolls, you name it, the city has it.''' ,'''I think Bengalis would relate to my love for music more than anyone else, as for them, music is not just a hobby, not even a passion, but the way of life.''' ,'''Rahman sir was the first music director I met and I was very nervous after meeting him. I made him listen to some of my songs nervously and he told me that my tone is good but I required working on the maturity of my voice with respect to my age. That was the golden advice I got from him.''' ,'''My favorite movie to watch on Republic Day would be 'The Legend of Bhagat Singh' or 'Rang De Basanti.'''' ,'''I am a very choosy guy, sometimes it gets very irritating for composers. If I don't feel it, then I am not able to perform.''' ,'''A great song needs a great film and a great film needs great songs.''' ,'''I come from an old school of thought where there are musicians on stage, in the house, sitting and jamming to create things. I cannot make music without live instruments. It just doesn't feel right.''' ,'''My first song itself was for Akshay Kumar.''' ,'''With Rahman, I worked on 'The Humma Song.' It is a song that I have loved since I was a child and I got to sing it.''' ,'''I grew from nothing. I have been through everything and I have earned it.''' ,'''Post COVID-19, there will be a rise in the number of people only listening to songs. The rise in audio consumption is great for indie artistes, including me, because those who are unable to afford a music video, but have a great song, will benefit from this.''' ,'''I am the master of my fate and I am the captain of my boat. While ups and downs are a part of everyone's journey, how you face it makes you the person or artiste you are.''' ,'''Independent music gives a musician that chance to narrate their personal journey through music.''' ,'''The industry has welcomed me with open arms. It is not possible for anyone to make a playback singing career like mine in 7 years.''' ,'''When I am on stage, I am just an honest artiste who tries to let people know me, not only as a musician, but also as a person.''' ,'''The songs that I do for films are close to my heart.''' ,'''Nobody knew me in Delhi when I shot for my first music video, 'Haaye Dil,' at India Gate.''' ,'''I have performed for people around the world but it is always a different feeling when you perform for your own people.''' ,'''I am not scared of being forgotten, because I work to express myself through my music.''' ,''''Junglee' was a magical journey. When you see the visuals of the film or the song 'Fakeera,' it reminds you of Dehradun.''' ,'''As a kid, I came to Kolkata many times.''' ,'''I love touring. You get to meet so many people and experience different cultures.''' ,'''Music is not just love for me; it's a way of life, a habit.''' ,'''I want to only sing songs that I have lived with; that can't happen with six tracks at the same time.''' ,'''My money mistake is that I am very bad at spending it on myself. And worse in keeping a count of it.''' ,'''Being a mountain boy, I have always understood the importance of trees, animals and nature for a human being.''' ,'''I think people need comparisons to grade a singer... so if they are comparing me to the biggest singer of India... I am sure I am on the right path.''' ,'''I think it's important to spend some time with oneself, and the mountains are a great place to do that. So I go hiking and trekking often.''' ,'''I love the colorful buildings in Jaipur.''' ,'''But my father is a very curious man. If he develops an interest in something, he makes sure that he learns it. And that attitude helped me teach him about the digital world.''' ,'''I have always believed that indie music is the space where the real music actually happens, which actually sets the trend.''' ,'''I've been raised by three women.''' ,'''2021, I am noticing, I am doing a lot of romantic songs which are going to be nice and special.''' ,'''Piracy should be banned in absolute entirety and stricter rules should be made.''' ,'''My dad is a very hardworking man.''' ,'''My friends, family and colleagues will be biased towards anything I do, like I would be towards them. But fans, especially on social media, are honest and are really good critics of my work, so I keep them close and listen as much as I can to get better and better.''' ,'''I feel very good when songs are recreated or different singers sing the same song.''' ,'''I believe that looking at the sunset or the city's landscape helps me think.''' ,'''Our country has a rich history and so diversified, which should be acknowledged by the younger generations.''' ,'''Like in any other field, nepotism does exist in Bollywood. In certain families, one can see several generations of doctors or engineers, but all of this doesn't matter much; if you are passionate enough, you will be able to create a niche for yourself in whichever field you are working for.''' ,'''I want to remind the new generation about the power of old school romance.''' ,'''When you are in the 20-30 age group, you experience things; your voice fully develops, and you experience heartbreak. That's what happened with me, so whenever I sing, I use my experiences.''' ,'''You can have favorites but sometimes, when a singer or a composer comes up with a great song, you acknowledge it.''' ,'''There was a time when individual artistes were appreciated. I miss that.''' ,'''Patriotism is a feeling that grows as you become conscious of your surroundings.''' ,'''My father has been a motivation in my life, he always taught me to be a self-made man because he also started with nothing.''' ,'''I'm so happy that I get to try different genre of songs within Bollywood.''' ,'''I've been blessed to sing some of the biggest chartbusters over the years.''' ,'''As soon as a song plays, people want to skip to the next one. That's not how you judge a good or a bad music. You have to understand it, give it time. You have to feel.''' ,'''Music is about expressing, not impressing.''' ,'''I'm doing things I had never imagined... and am working with people I had only seen on news and films... I think I am doing well.''' ,'''The more the country starts listening to music instead of consuming it in the format of music video, the more the independent music will flourish.''' ,'''In my third year in Mumbai, I finally got my first break in Bollywood.''' ,'''My money is managed by my mother mainly. And I don't see anyone more fit to handle it and invest it.''' ,'''I have always taken things slow, I never wanted to run through my musical journey, I wanted to enjoy every step and challenge.''' ,'''I will go for more perfection and break more barriers because my voice is meant to do much more.''' ,'''Nepotism can be one of the factors that affected the industry in the past, but today, what matters is good content, talented artists and good sound. That's what every music label, director or producer is looking for.''' ,'''After completing school, I shifted to Mumbai in 2007. I started training under different teachers.''' ,'''There was a time when content could be manipulated with money, but today we have surpassed that. Now, only good content will create ripples and strike a chord because the artistes are connecting directly with their listeners through social media.''' ,'''2020 has been a difficult year for all of us. The gun at hand was to symbolize that bigger battles need to be fought and the difficulties of 2020 have made us stronger and united as a community to face 2021 with a bang.''' ,'''A.R. Rahman is not a musician, he is a musical scientist, and when he gives advice, you need to take it seriously.''' ,'''I jump at every opportunity I get to do something new but only if I feel that I can justify it.''' ,'''When I began my journey, my aim was to do indie music. While growing up, there was an abundance of it but by the time I decided to do it, there was nothing. So, I became a playback singer, which got me fans and taught me about the versatility of my voice.''' ,'''A song that pays tribute to mothers was always on my bucket list.''' ,'''I just wanted to be a good singer.''' ,'''With 'Haaye Dil,' I wish I can get the pop music culture back in vogue.''' ,''''Aatishbaazi' is extremely special to me as it's the first time I got to direct my music video.''' ,'''It was an overwhelming moment to perform in Bishkek, Kyrgyz Republic. Dia Mirza and I were the celebrity ambassadors for India International Snow Leopard Conservation Forum. I even met the Russian president; all of us pledged to save snow leopards and other endangered species.''' ,'''I don't think I am motivated enough to act just for the sake of acting.''' ,''''Chitthi' is a song from my roots.''' ,'''I believe a great song will always attract its audience and get is due.''' ,'''For me it doesn't matter if my song is promoted, or if it comes at the end credits of a film, it's my baby at the end of the day.''' ,'''My bigger game plan was always to be the top artist in the heart of people and that probably made me artist of the year on multiple music streaming platforms.''' ,'''Music is very subjective. You may or may not like a song, but folk and regional language have a connectivity that binds different people together, who slowly begin to relate to it.''' ,'''Kishore Kumar is the voice of India, M.D. Rafi taught me to sing romantic numbers, while Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan's live recordings helped me prep for stage shows.''' ,'''Even if I can give my listeners peace for 30 minute through my voice, then I would feel I've done something for the society.''' ,'''Work on your talent and success is bound to follow.''' ,'''Making my presence felt in Bollywood was one hell of a journey.''' ,'''Music composer Tanishk Bagchi has always believed in me.''' ,'''I love playing sports and was an athlete in school.''' ,'''Mithoon is a composer who really likes to work a lot on his songs. He is like a small kid in the studio.''' ,'''As a musician, I realize I am not only responsible for the music that I put out, but also for my actions and what I say in public.''' ,'''Meditation is the bridge that helps connect you with your inner self. I believe that quietude also makes one more creative.''' ,'''I do enjoy chocolate, ice-cream and burgers, but in moderation.''' ,'''The only way to develop your talent is to build it inside you, how sincere you are to the art.''' ,'''I was 18 when I first met A.R. Rahman.''' ,'''I do not wish to do usual things like Bollywood songs or so.''' ,'''Bollywood is just one of the industries I am working in. I have sung in other languages and for ad jingles too.''' ,'''Since I have been living in Mumbai for quite some time now, I am used to the nightlife of the city.''' ,'''My father was a politician and I had no contacts in the music industry, but I could still do some good work because I was passionate enough and dedicated towards music.''' ,'''When I am doing a music video, I am so motivated that even if I have to act for music, I end up doing it.''' ,'''When I started working on the sounds and music of 'Breaking the Rules,' I figured that I am really good at it so I was happy.''' ,'''My definition for 'playback' is being able to create a musical moment for people to have smiles and weep for joy.''' ,'''My advice about money is, make money and spend it wisely. Rule over it, but don't let it rule you.''' ,'''In 'Ta Chuma,' we used folk language so that the honesty reflected in it can live in people's hearts forever.''' ,]
+++