+++
author = "Paul Eenhoorn"
title = "Paul Eenhoorn Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Paul Eenhoorn Quotes"
keywords = "paul eenhoorn,paul eenhoorn quotes,paul eenhoorn quote,paul eenhoorn sayings,paul eenhoorn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There still seems to be a lack of film for the baby boomer generation, if you'd like to call it that. And I think 'Martin Bonner' showed what's possible. Later in life, when you've been working at something for a long time, to actually get some kudos for what you do is wonderful.''' ,'''I was in a band till I was about 17; then I went to television, and I spent seven years doing that. When I came to Seattle, I started to audition for things. The passion's always there, and that's what's been the hard thing: to fit that passion into a normal life. You can't do it. You can't have a normal life and pursue this dream.''' ,'''Interestingly, I'm more closed on set than I am off set. On set, I'm closed. I don't want input. I want to concentrate on what I'm doing with this other person. But outside of that, I'm open. I'm everybody's friend, unless they don't like me.''' ,'''I'm patient when it comes to my career, which is unlike me, but there are no stars in my eyes. I make where I go. It's that sort of thing.''' ,'''I did some stage when I was a kid, around 16 or so. I was living in Melbourne and had a band. I was quite young. We weren't very good. Then I found a band in Perth. We played around for three years. We're in the 'History of Rock'N'Roll,' a book about Perth music.''' ,'''I'm self-opinionated, and I have a sense of self. I can be brutal with agents and have been.''' ,'''From an actor's point of view, if you are watching something, and you see improv, you know it. Because of your experience, you just bloody know that wasn't written.''' ,'''I've always felt I had the talent. I've done a lot in my life. I've written, been in bands, done live TV for a network in Perth. I'm well-trained when it comes to being on a set, which gives you freedom.''' ,'''I walk into a scene, and I do the scene. That's my job. I don't have an objective. I have the words, and I have whoever I'm playing with.''' ,'''I've been on television since I was about 17. I had opportunities - one major opportunity I blew in my 20s. Once I started down this pathway, it was a case of not letting anyone stop me. Not my wife, not my family. It was getting too late to give it a small percentage. I had to give it one hundred percent.''' ,'''I've been writing music since I was a teenager. I play keyboards. I'm not much of a player, but I can write. That will come along. I'd like to do a musical.''' ,'''I still miss music and singing. One day, I'm going to sing with a big band.''' ,]
+++