+++
author = "Frida Giannini"
title = "Frida Giannini Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Frida Giannini Quotes"
keywords = "frida giannini,frida giannini quotes,frida giannini quote,frida giannini sayings,frida giannini saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The idea of 'ferie,' or summer break, is a long tradition of which all Italians, including myself, participate. It's a time to relax, reflect and recharge.''' ,'''My biggest satisfaction is always when I make something beautiful and well-done that I can see on a real man or woman - not only in the glossy magazines.''' ,'''I inherited this collection of vinyl records, which at that time numbered 6,000, and I've since continued to collect music. As you know, vinyl records can be very heavy, so every time I have to move into a new house, I need to build a complete new wall of shelves to put all these records, which is a nightmare for the architect.''' ,'''I am comfortable giving people direction. If something is not good enough, my job is to find a way to help them learn from their mistake, and understand that next time I expect better.''' ,'''When I joined Gucci in 2002, I immediately wanted to make a research trip into the archives because I'd heard about how incredible they were, but I never had the opportunity to visit them.''' ,'''I think the '70s are always inspiring to me. I was born then, so I have a lot of memories about how my parents were and what kinds of movies I was watching.''' ,'''All the drawings and sketches and clothes of Yves Saint Laurent in the '70s were so colorful, so bright.''' ,'''I grew up in Rome, in actually what I would say was a liberal, open-minded family. My father was an architect and my mother was a teacher of art history, so it was sort of intellectual, and maybe a bit much for me when I was a child.''' ,'''I don't want to be too 'classic' because it's not in the DNA of Gucci. You need to be a little bit provocative.''' ,'''Venice never quite seems real, but rather an ornate film set suspended on the water.''' ,'''I always loved the look of musicians. I've always admired them because they have a look - when I was growing up, it seemed that the ones I liked didn't need to have a stylist.''' ,'''I like tough relationships. I think relationships with conflict are good for you - you learn. But you can't listen too much. I have a strong point of view, and it's important that I fight for my ideas.''' ,'''I don't like to treat a piece of clothing like an object of art because I don't consider myself an artist. I'm a designer.''' ,]
+++