+++
author = "Waris Ahluwalia"
title = "Waris Ahluwalia Quotes"
quotes_len = "55"
description = "the best 55 Waris Ahluwalia Quotes"
keywords = "waris ahluwalia,waris ahluwalia quotes,waris ahluwalia quote,waris ahluwalia sayings,waris ahluwalia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't think men get enough flowers. A deeper pink or red peonies are my favorite. But I'll take anything, really.''' ,'''I do believe in standing for something more than just a product.''' ,'''I always like a good song: puts me in a good mood.''' ,'''I love anything to do with history.''' ,'''My go-to jeans are a straight, narrow cut from A.P.C. or BLK DNM.''' ,'''People who know me know that there's a light-hearted side, humour... But you could easily say I am cheeky.''' ,'''My inspiration is love and history.''' ,'''One of my favourite activities is eating.''' ,'''I'm not super-patriotic, but the U.S. is where I live, and it's the passport that I carry.''' ,'''I work with gold that holds history, diamonds that see the future, and rubies that long for love.''' ,'''I'm an explorer.''' ,'''I'm an American searching for some sort of parameters, a way of life - I'm looking for a slight formality, for a place where you can never be overdressed.''' ,'''I take my work seriously, but I don't necessarily take myself seriously.''' ,'''I spent the first five years of my life in Punjab, India, and then moved to New York.''' ,'''I like the pause that tea allows.''' ,'''I think the reason for my fascination with craft is what it represents, what it means in our culture, what it means in our history and in humanity. It was the idea that you could go to your butcher to get something, you could go to your tailor to get this, and you could go to your cobbler to get that.''' ,'''I have so many friends and obligations, and I want to go out and support people. But we eat at home.''' ,'''I work with gold that holds our past and diamonds that see the future and rubies that long for love. It's just a way of telling a story.''' ,'''I went through different styles but realized Ray-Bans are the classics. You can't go wrong with them. I explore and cheat on them occasionally, but I always go back to the aviators.''' ,'''I don't drink coffee.''' ,'''I'm a traditionalist with suits. It doesn't need extra pockets, and I don't want headphone jacks in my jacket. I appreciate designers who do different things, but for me, the most basic version of that item is what I want.''' ,'''I like there to be some interest in every element of my life.''' ,'''My first workshop was in Rome, and that was the start of House of Waris. In a little magical atelier, a goldsmith, his apprentice, his stone setter - and that was where it began.''' ,''''Life Aquatic' was the first movie I did, and it's been an incredible adventure since then.''' ,'''I love my passport. I plan trips very last minute, so I always carry it with me.''' ,'''Hold the door for a lady. Wait until a lady is out of the elevator.''' ,'''I primarily live in New York City, a place that is about constants, not letting up and not stopping.''' ,'''I didn't choose acting. The universe did.''' ,'''My inspiration is always love and history, and my passion to a fault is craftsmanship and responsibility. Those are the simplest things. It goes beyond jewelry. It's every part of my life.''' ,'''There's more to me than fashion. I just don't want to be seen as fashion.''' ,'''I'm surprised as anyone about where I've ended up. Maybe it's because I say yes to things.''' ,'''My job is to put myself out there. It's beyond my control how I'm perceived.''' ,'''Someone gives jewelry, and there's a bit of romance. If you buy it from a store, the store is trying to romance you. Even when I'm making the jewelry, I have to be romanced.''' ,'''I travel a lot, and I hunt for fabrics, then I have the tailor make me something.''' ,'''I create with my heart, so life and work inevitably intersect all too often.''' ,'''I love driving in the city at night.''' ,'''I just want to create, and socializing is part of the experience. It might sound crazy, but I don't see myself in the jewelry business. It's an experience.''' ,'''I do things because I enjoy it. That used to be my downfall, but now it's the upside.''' ,'''I'm a Sikh; it's part of my religious tradition to never cut my hair and keep it wrapped in a turban.''' ,'''You don't have to become Mother Teresa to make an impact in the world. But nothing can be achieved if, at the very least, we are not talking about it.''' ,'''I need my fill of Indian home cooking.''' ,'''I'm driven by history and our past. That's why I work in gold. It's in your veins. We've been lusting after gold since the beginning of time. God, glory, and gold.''' ,'''I like having a tailor everywhere because I am everywhere.''' ,'''I got no hate in me.''' ,'''If people want to think I'm an Indian prince, I don't want to dispel that notion.''' ,'''I made two rings for myself, and when I was in Los Angeles, I walked into a store called Maxfields, and they essentially bought them off my hands.''' ,'''People think they have to give up things to make a difference to the world, but you don't have to.''' ,'''I am less comfortable saying I am a jeweller and more comfortable saying I am a story teller.''' ,'''Supporting causes with whatever we do can be effective.''' ,'''It took me a while to find myself.''' ,'''I wouldn't know how to think inside the box because I don't even know where it is. I wouldn't know how to do it any other way.''' ,'''I won't do anything unless it's the absolute best.''' ,'''My friends are a huge part of my inspiration.''' ,'''I have always had a sense of curiosity and aspiration.''' ,'''My mission in life is to preserve craftsmanship.''' ,]
+++