+++
author = "Tierra Whack"
title = "Tierra Whack Quotes"
quotes_len = "89"
description = "the best 89 Tierra Whack Quotes"
keywords = "tierra whack,tierra whack quotes,tierra whack quote,tierra whack sayings,tierra whack saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't like clocks.''' ,'''Crazy is good, crazy is fun!''' ,'''Well, I have to have some type of visual in my head to finish a song. I can't finish a song if I can't see anything.''' ,'''It's important for everyone to just be able to express themselves in whatever way.''' ,'''I realized that music was the only thing I really thought about - music and writing.''' ,'''If I can make it through homelessness, I can make it through anything.''' ,'''I can't describe my sound. That's something I don't ever think about and I kinda don't want to think about it.''' ,'''People compare me to the people I listen to, the people I'm influenced by, Andre 3000, Missy, Busta.''' ,'''My moods are like a roller coaster. It's hard for me to just feel one way all the time.''' ,'''That's why I'm so crazy because my mom is crazy.''' ,'''You know, I'm willing to dim my light so that somebody else can shine because, like, we all have to find our inner lights, and shine in one world.''' ,'''I think people think I'm a extrovert but really I'm a introvert.''' ,'''I want people to appreciate all the time and effort that I put into my art and my music.''' ,'''I'm naturally all over the place and scatter-brained.''' ,'''I was in the lab for a long time before I actually, like, put stuff out.''' ,'''I have a really bad memory, to be honest.''' ,'''I never wanted to grow up. It really is a trap.''' ,'''Playing characters is fun because you get the chance to put yourself in someone else's shoes.''' ,'''If I'm at home, I'm just watching a bunch of horror movies.''' ,'''I'm a visual person.''' ,'''Green Eggs and Ham' is fire.''' ,'''I never do the same thing twice.''' ,'''I started music to be myself - to release and express - so I have to make sure that I'm staying true to me and making myself happy.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm a Leo.''' ,'''I just call myself an artist, really.''' ,'''For a long time, I couldn't tell somebody how I felt or I couldn't talk about my problems because I felt like I was complaining. Writing would help me or it would be like, I can't tell you how I feel, but I can play you a song.''' ,'''Each day I record I'm always doing something different that I've never done. So I feel like I'm a new artist every time I go to the studio.''' ,'''Atlanta represents freedom.''' ,'''I remember reading Dr. Seuss books, and he's rhyming so many words together and I just loved the way it sounded. It became a challenge for me, to put words together that nobody would ever think about putting together.''' ,'''There was a time in school where I was trying to figure out which lunch table I belonged to. Eventually, I started my own table and formed my own crew.''' ,'''I just surprise myself every day.''' ,'''I don't really reach out, it has to be organic. If we're in a studio setting and we're feeling the vibe, that's cool, we can make something. Like, I've been in a bunch of sessions with people I haven't made music with. Like, I just chill. I'm not forcing it. I don't DM people like, 'Yooo, I'm trying to get on a track.'''' ,'''Everybody's inspiring me to just be me.''' ,'''I create, put it out, repeat. Like, me and my friends, we play Uno and Connect Four a lot. I'm having fun, and I don't care about how many times I won or lost - I just want to keep playing the game.''' ,'''Sometimes, I can be crying my eyes out, wanting to die, and then I'll walk by a mirror and see myself and just bust out laughing.''' ,'''I'm so excited to just be able to be comfortable in my own skin and give what I have to the world and not feel like I have to copy to stand out or fit in.''' ,'''I love when people overexaggerate. It's so funny to me.''' ,'''One-minute songs are easy as hell!''' ,'''I don't want any gimmicks. The fact that people think that Whack is a gimmick is so crazy.''' ,'''I grew up around a bunch of rappers and street dudes and they were always like: 'yo! She's a little different but she's her.' They respected it because you know it wasn't forced, I wasn't posing to be something I wasn't.''' ,'''Growing up people would tell me: 'Yo, you only can do one thing. If you're going to rap, just rap. If you're going to sing, just sing.' It boxed me in. But I just figured out a way to show everything. It's like if you have a job interview, you want to present as many skills as you have.''' ,'''That's my real name. That's not like a gimmick or anything, that's my government name, Tierra Whack.''' ,'''I'm still so down to earth and regular. I still be in the projects, I still be in the hood - just regular.''' ,'''If I'm not at the studio, I'm at home.''' ,'''I was born in the summer, but I hate it because I'm allergic to bug bites. I would go play with my cousins, and then we'd go inside and I'd have mosquito bites everywhere. But mine are different - like, they blow up with puss. It's really bad.''' ,'''When I was 16, I was rapping just to rap.''' ,'''Once I have a wig on, I become a different person. You can't get Tierra back until the wig comes off.''' ,'''I like to peel oranges.''' ,'''Like when I hear a beat, it might make you feel a way, but then it might make me feel a completely different way.''' ,'''I love @love.watts on Instagram!''' ,'''I was my mom's oldest child, so she was like, watching closely and taking notes, like, 'Okay, this is what she gravitates towards,' and she gave me all the tools to keep me focused. I liked to write; she got me notebooks. I wanted to draw; she got me sketch books and crayons and coloured pencils.''' ,'''I have a sick sense of humor. Like, I'm always laughing at my own pain.''' ,'''When I'm recording, I usually just mumble and hum a melody and then fill the words in as I go.''' ,'''I'm most proud of making my mom happy. Really. Because she gave me life, and she supported me. So I want to be able to give back to her.''' ,'''I chose art, music, of course fashion, clothes, colors. I'm just expressing what I have inside and bringing it out.''' ,'''Philly gives me that raw edge. We just do us.''' ,'''I like to create whatever that pops up in my head, bring whatever idea to life.''' ,'''It's funny, for so long I hated my last name.''' ,'''You can't put me in a box, because then it's just like, you're not gonna get anything.''' ,'''I fight for whatever I believe in! I've learned to trust myself. I went from a being a rapper to an artist.''' ,'''Yo, it's helped me so much. I've connected with so many people that I've never imagined that I would ever know personally. I'm team Internet, for sure.''' ,'''Like for 'Black Nails,' I just had black nails - and I never have black nails. It was my first and last time getting black nails. And that's so not normal for me. So when you're recording, you're up at the mic and you gotta name the file, so I just look down and I'm like, 'Black Nails!' That's literally what it was.''' ,'''Me being dark-skinned, that was like a big thing. Growing up, I hated myself. It was, like, weird. Kids are cruel.''' ,'''I never know what time it is, If you don't know what time it is, you can just move. Time is a restraint.''' ,'''That's what art is about: to create dialogue. Everybody deserves to have their own opinion.''' ,'''Everything's so, like, saturated nowadays. So if you wanna, like, make an impact, you gotta do something different. Do something new.''' ,'''I'm having fun creating what I'm creating.''' ,'''I always felt more comfortable doing what I wanted to do. Because at the end of the day, I'll be happy.''' ,'''The phone started ringing when I dropped 'Whack World.'''' ,'''I'm always trying to do every part myself, you know what I mean? I'm trying to sing, rap, whatever. I'm trying to do it all.''' ,'''I jumped around to different schools so I always had to adapt - remain me but pull from different avenues.''' ,'''Being a female in music I just, I want everybody to, all the women to come in, and we huddle up and we work together and we help each other.''' ,'''A hard copy? It's fire. People want vinyl and cassette tapes - it's just cool to be able to touch it and feel it.''' ,'''I hate olives. They're so nasty. I hate everything about olives. Mushrooms, too.''' ,'''I decided I wanted to use my real name 'Tierra Whack' when I decided I wanted to make music my career.''' ,'''As a kid, I was really shy. Technically I am still, but when I'm performing I want everybody to listen.''' ,'''One day I'll make a rap song, the next day I'll make a pop song, the next day I'll make a rock song, the next day I'll make R&B. I don't have a pattern.''' ,'''I didn't want to just be a rapper, I wanted to be a star.''' ,'''Really, I only listen to like five songs.''' ,'''To be honest, I'm selfish as an artist. I'm doing what I want to do and what I want to hear.''' ,'''So many people compromise everything; you don't have to do that. You see one opportunity and you're scared to turn it down. You don't have to take everything that comes your way and there's always something else on the other side.''' ,'''Everybody's opening up their own lane and it just makes you feel O.K. to showcase what you've got.''' ,'''I put a lot of fun facts in the 'Mumbo Jumbo' video.''' ,'''I honestly don't have like a person that I wanna work with. I'm just always focused on me, and I'm still trying to figure out my sound and what I wanna do. So I'm never really looking for features or something.''' ,'''I was always pretty popular, just cool with everybody.''' ,'''I have so much built up inside. To be able to put what I have in my head into real life is just an amazing thing.''' ,'''I'll never be on the level of my idols.''' ,'''I spent a lot of time in my head, but not like caring about what everybody else thought, just literally in my own world.''' ,'''I like strawberries, kiwis, and oranges.''' ,]
+++