+++
author = "Maryse Mizanin"
title = "Maryse Mizanin Quotes"
quotes_len = "93"
description = "the best 93 Maryse Mizanin Quotes"
keywords = "maryse mizanin,maryse mizanin quotes,maryse mizanin quote,maryse mizanin sayings,maryse mizanin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I never say never.''' ,'''I love seafood.''' ,'''One year with WWE seems like five years, because you're on the road 280 days a year.''' ,'''Wow, my parents are frickin' cool.''' ,'''I just push away everything negative. Just do what you want to do and believe that you can do it and you will do it.''' ,'''The best designers are French - we all know that. That's a fact, I'm not inventing anything.''' ,'''I like Lita because she is very feminine but aggressive.''' ,'''We don't know how many kids we want, but I think we'll keep trying until we have a boy.''' ,'''I remember the first time I met Hulk Hogan was at a hotel somewhere in Cleveland. My bags were really heavy and he walked over and helped me. He even knew my name, so that was a big thrill for me.''' ,'''My favorite thing do is HITT workouts, or high interval intensity workouts. like to do that because I'm not really a cardio person.''' ,'''Let me put it this way, I lived in L.A. for 10 years and did not know my neighbors.''' ,'''I have everything I want in life.''' ,'''It was my dream to become a WWE Diva.''' ,'''I always knew I wanted to work in TV or be an entertainer. Even though in 2006 I couldn't even speak English yet, I was determined to work in the WWE so I auditioned.''' ,'''When I see fans in the street or at meet-and-greets, it's great. Sometimes they want me to be that person they see on TV, take a picture with a hand in their face or ask me to 'be mean like you do.' But I can't play that character 24-7.''' ,'''Total Divas' is all about us women backstage and our personal lives.''' ,'''I love filet mignon. I love French and Italian cuisine.''' ,'''The beach and I are two things that get along really well.''' ,'''I think the warm weather is perfect for love.''' ,'''People may see us on TV for only five minutes - but there's a lot going on behind that five minutes. There's 15 hours of work around it.''' ,'''I love everything related to business. That's my field, besides entertainment, which I'm really good at.''' ,'''Austin is great but it's just not home for us. L.A. is definitely where we want to be.''' ,'''I've been on television for so long.''' ,'''There is no one more 'rock-n-roll' than my mom.''' ,'''I knew in my heart that I wanted to leave WWE for a long time.''' ,'''Trish Stratus is a cassette player and I am the newest version of the iTouch. iTouches keep improving. Technology gets better and better. Cassettes are collecting dust.''' ,'''It's funny - before, I would say I'm not sure I can change a diaper in my life and now it's, 'I got this, I'm a mom, I got this, I know what to do.' It's weird, you just get into this protective mode.''' ,'''I have a good sense of humor. I'm confident, passionate and honest. I'm a people person.''' ,'''I really love taking a girl who has no idea how to wear makeup and teach her everything, and show her the difference at the end. The smile on their face is just amazing. It's like they won a million dollars.''' ,'''I believe that Maryse's persona was the best female persona in years within the WWE.''' ,'''Well I still have my Patrick Roy jersey from when I was a kid, so he'll always be my favorite.''' ,'''I was away from my husband for many years when I wasn't with WWE, and that was the hardest thing.''' ,'''I'm playing a character in the WWE, but people think that's really us.''' ,'''Yea, I still get the 'I used to hate you when you were on WWE. I used to despise you.' And now I get 'I look up to you, I have kids too and I want to see what you're doing.' And now they are just interested in my life.''' ,'''The way I see it is, you can be a character on a TV show for years, then the TV show gets cancelled and your favorite actress or favorite comedian, you don't see them for a little while and then you see them back doing something else. You can still be enjoying them performing on TV.''' ,'''I'm a business woman.''' ,'''I love boating in the summer.''' ,'''French girls, especially those from Montreal, are known to be the most beautiful women in the world.''' ,'''I was born and raised in Laval and my first memory of the Canadiens was their rivalry with the Nordiques and that series in the 1993 playoffs. I was only in grade school but I remember everyone going crazy about the Canadiens that year.''' ,'''I would like to prove who I am, my personality.''' ,'''Planning a wedding seems easy, but there are a lot of details to think of.''' ,'''I am from Canada, and it is really hard for us to go to the United States and prove what we are able to do.''' ,'''I'm really proud to be French and I'm really different.''' ,'''The mom guilt is really something that not many moms talk about. You leave your house for an hour and you feel guilty about it. That's something I wasn't aware of before I was pregnant.''' ,'''It's like Hollywood movie stars - you can say they lead a glamourous life, but it's a lot of work. They're on set for 16 hours a day, then they go home and they still study. They have a nice paycheque at the end, but they do work a lot. WWE is very much like that.''' ,'''It's one of those things where we generally love filming 'Miz and Mrs.'''' ,'''A HITT workout is basically three to four complexes and a complex is about three exercises that you can do about three to four times with no rest. Your heart rate is always up and you're lifting weights.''' ,'''Every other reality show is so freakin' dramatic, I feel like they bring me down. 'Miz & Mrs' makes people laugh.''' ,'''It's difficult, it's a fine line when you're a mother and a career woman because that's what we do, we do it all.''' ,'''I know I'm stunning, it's not a secret.''' ,'''I love playing a character.''' ,'''FHM magazine is one of the cheesiest magazines in America. I'm not talking about Vogue, Elle, Cosmopolitan... FHM is the lowest. FHM? Come on!''' ,'''I do the best I can do and I'm passionate about it. If people like me, they like me. If not too bad for them.''' ,'''It was super stressful at first because it is my first child. The first minute I saw her and the first minute I heard her cry is really when things kicked in. You just become a mom and you roll with it.''' ,'''Our lives are really hectic, and I think that's challenging.''' ,'''L.A. is home for us.''' ,'''I'd like to get my character to point where people really, truly want to fricking kill me.''' ,'''Eating is 80 percent of everything. Working out for an hour is really easy, but the rest of the day is 23 hours and that's the hardest part.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a princess like Cinderella.''' ,'''I travel 300 days a year which is tough. Sometimes we're up at 4 A.M. for a flight.''' ,'''I've seen every bad or mean comment related to what I do for a living, and I'm used to it.''' ,'''You know, I'm romantic. I am French!''' ,'''I eat a lot of Chicken McNuggets, which are full of protein. No, seriously, I train probably two or three times a week. I'm also lucky that my parents have good genetics - so, thanks, Mom and Dad!''' ,'''It's so weird to say, 'What am I going to do during Mother's Day?' because usually I'm celebrating my mom or sister who has kids. It's just weird to say I am a mom.''' ,'''I have a Mercedes SL500 in white. I'm passionate about it.''' ,'''I was a lifeguard for three years, when I was around 16-years-old. So for my first job, that was awesome, working on the beach.''' ,'''There's nothing worse than working out and having a guy walk back and forth looking at you, because you know he wants to talk to you, but he's calculating his tactic! Then, somehow, he comes closer and introduces himself while you're halfway through the workout - and super sweaty, with messy hair, bad makeup and out of breath!''' ,'''Our favorite thing to do is stay at home. We're always on the road doing something, so being able to have one night off at home is perfect.''' ,'''My pregnancy craving is truffles. I like the smell and I like the way it tastes but they're very very expensive, rare mushrooms.''' ,'''I love playing different characters, and I would love to be playing different characters in movies or TV shows, instead of continuing my career with the WWE.''' ,'''I had a really great career, a long run.''' ,'''If there's one thing I don't care about, it's what people say on the Internet.''' ,'''I get along with Eva Marie really well, I think she's really cool and I get to hang out with her a lot and she's a lot of fun to be with.''' ,'''I love chocolate cake. I'm French. I also love cheese and bread, so I could just live on that. But I can't do that to myself, so I have to moderate.''' ,'''You need to be able to build a character, you need to have time, you need to have a microphone and be able to talk so people can relate to you.''' ,'''I always wanted a cheese wheel.''' ,'''I've never even posed for FHM, so that tells you how bad it is.''' ,'''You know, that women are main events of Wrestlemania. It's grown so much and I think that it's amazing. I mean, and I think it's just going to keep growing.''' ,'''I am a natural beauty. I can wear sweatpants and running shoes and I stop traffic on the street - people have accidents when they drive and they spot me.''' ,'''I don't take anything seriously. But Maryse's ring character is like, 'you want to look like me, be like me, have everything I have but you can't.'''' ,'''My best physical quality is that I'm flexible.''' ,'''We got broken into our house three times in five years in L.A., so I wanted to find somewhere where I feel safer, and where my whole family would feel safer.''' ,'''When I had Monroe, I was back in the ring four months after giving birth. Five months after giving birth, I was main eventing Smackdown Live in a singles match, which has never really been done before, ever.''' ,'''It's funny that everyone talks about Women's Revolution and I'm the first one to be behind all of them and be with them, but you can't forget that behind every Women's Revolution, there was a pack of women before them and before every single generation fought for something.''' ,'''I love partying with my friends.''' ,'''I love fashion, I love trends.''' ,'''Fans know my hair is my thing - I flip my hair every time I get in the ring - and believe it or not some spit in my hair. They can't touch to you so they spit on you.''' ,'''I love people that can talk and have personality.''' ,'''I learned that you have to just believe in what you're doing.''' ,'''I developed a heel persona and everything about Maryse was presentation, facials, gestures.''' ,'''I always say karma is a thing that is real.''' ,'''I love John Cena. I love his charisma, he's so cute.''' ,'''Sleep deprivation is something very serious. I didn't think it could kill you, but I think it can.''' ,]
+++