+++
author = "Warwick Davis"
title = "Warwick Davis Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Warwick Davis Quotes"
keywords = "warwick davis,warwick davis quotes,warwick davis quote,warwick davis sayings,warwick davis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wouldn't say one is easier or more difficult, but when you're inside a costume and a mask, you have to endure heat - and, often, difficulty seeing. The vision is not very good in a mask. And you have to cope with that, as well as trying to think about this character.''' ,'''I'm an actor, and when I close the door at home I'm kind of off-duty.''' ,'''Nothing's better than coming away from a film when people don't even recognize you, because you've undergone a total transformation.''' ,'''When I go from a role with heavy prosthetic makeup, which I've done quite a bit of as well, and then do a role where I'm not wearing any, I have to be conscious of toning everything down. Because when you're wearing prosthetic makeup, of course, you have to really move your face a lot more to convey things through the makeup.''' ,'''You've got to love acting and that's true for me. I love the idea of getting on stage and getting in front of a camera.''' ,'''In a costume, you need very exaggerated body language - as you say, sort of mime-type skills.''' ,'''There's nothing better than going to the movies and going into another world, and forgetting about everything that's happening outside.''' ,'''My wife is short, and my two kids are also small.''' ,'''My dad instilled in me a great sense of humor. I wasn't bullied at school because my outward attitude was confident, and that helps.''' ,'''To me that's part of my working day, and I would never refuse a job where I'm under several hours of makeup, because as an actor, I enjoy performing. It's about the creation of the character and the art to me, not about being comfortable and how long it all takes.''' ,'''As a film actor, you don't often get that opportunity to meet with your audience and take your applause on stage.''' ,'''When you do films that have multiple sequels, you develop a character for a film.''' ,'''It's interesting to see what people are saying about me. I like keep up with the latest rumors! A while back there was a rumor that I was going to do a film with Demi Moore about the takeover of Commodore computers!''' ,'''I run Willow Management, which is the biggest agency for other short actors. We look after performers who are either under five feet and over seven feet tall.''' ,'''I find vacuuming very therapeutic, but I hate ironing. I usually have no shirt on while ironing, because I'm ironing it, and I end up burning my chest.''' ,'''The world worries about disability more than disabled people do.''' ,'''My parents armed me with an amazing sense of humor, and it's what you need when, well, it's what anyone needs in this world.''' ,'''So, I think I'd be grateful for the next job. I always am. And I always consider everything I do to be the last thing I do.''' ,'''My parents are both average size. For them to have a child who was very, very different and very, very small must have been incredibly hard.''' ,'''I don't want to be just somebody short who happens to act. I hope my legacy will be Warwick Davis, Actor.''' ,'''The way people deal with me - they'll go overboard in trying to be politically correct and make a mess of it. Everyone's so worried about what they're saying to everyone else, that they don't talk very much.''' ,'''I've found that it's actually more of a disability to be tall than short. I have no problem fitting into plane toilets etc, and the adaptations made for wheelchair users - such as the lowering of bank machines - work for me as well.''' ,'''I would like to play an average guy. I would have loved to play opposite John Candy in a movie. That was my dream for a long time, and sadly, now I can never realize that. But I'd like to do comedy.''' ,'''My life is quite physical anyway. When you are three-foot-six you kind of have to climb stuff now and again, and you find yourself in quite precarious situations just to manage in what is quite a big world.''' ,'''As you get older, you can suffer from painful hips, and our joints wear a lot quicker than for people of average height.''' ,'''I mean, I would say I get five or six e-mails every day from people asking, "Is there going to be a Leprechaun 6?' It's probably the most asked question besides, 'Is there going to be a Willow II?'''' ,'''People who are short, they're often portrayed as the victim.''' ,'''I don't crave fame. I mean, it's nice to be recognized. It is useful.''' ,'''I wouldn't change a thing about my family.''' ,'''When I go from a role with heavy prosthetic makeup, which I've done quite a bit of as well, and then do a role where I'm not wearing any, I have to be conscious of toning everything down.''' ,'''If you just did a horror tone throughout an entire movie you almost, as an audience, can get a little bit used to it. But if you're laughing one minute and, you know, somebody's doing something quite horrific the next minute, it's a little more shocking.''' ,'''I do a lot of public speaking and presentations and I'll always start with a self-deprecating joke to make everybody feel comfortable with my size because there can be hang-ups and anxieties.''' ,'''When I was born in 1970 with a rare genetic disorder called spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita (SED), medical science wasn't what it is today and my mum and dad were treated terribly by the medical profession.''' ,'''And I feel that filmmakers ought to be careful with the use of 3D. Because if you look back over the decades, you see that 3D has come and gone for I don't know how many years now.''' ,'''When I came up with the character of Wicket for 'Return Of The Jedi', which was my first film, I was a kid of 11 years old, and I basically was playing a very young Ewok.''' ,'''If you stood me in a costume next to a computer graphic of the same-looking character, I think there would be a difference. And many movie fans I've spoken to would rather see an actor in a costume than CG.''' ,'''Very obsessed fans do ask actors to attend their weddings.''' ,'''But things such as 'Harry Potter', all I can do is shape my character, seek the director's approval on that, and basically take it from there. Professor Flitwick in 'Harry Potter', I kind of defined how I saw him from reading the book, and luckily that matched up with the director's vision.''' ,]
+++