+++
author = "Natalia Makarova"
title = "Natalia Makarova Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Natalia Makarova Quotes"
keywords = "natalia makarova,natalia makarova quotes,natalia makarova quote,natalia makarova sayings,natalia makarova saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I recently learn a new word: insatiable. That's me.''' ,'''All of the very important events in my life happen by chance.''' ,'''I really feel sorry for new generation. It's hard to find backbone. I never had crisis of identity. But I think many Americans have it.''' ,'''I want to be free... free to develop my art.''' ,'''To look back all the time is boring. Excitement lies in tomorrow.''' ,'''All ballet, all reading, all music. That was my world, my inner world.''' ,'''You cannot dance an arabesque in 'Swan Lake' and 'Nutcracker' the same way.''' ,'''I travel like a gypsy, and I didn't know how I could perform and be a mother.''' ,'''It's a hard life... but if I could, I would do it all again.''' ,'''I am different because I have better schooling, better understanding of the line, gesture, how feet working, positions. They taught me modern things... and I wanted to give what I had: my schooling.''' ,'''Because my profession is the body, it is a relaxation for me to get out of physicality and concentrate on more mental things.''' ,'''Usually, English personalities are difficult; they don't take criticism easily.''' ,'''Technical things are getting more mechanical. Take 'Swan Lake,' the Black Swan pas de deux. Now, my goodness, they're turning not just 32 fouettes - but double or triple pirouettes.''' ,'''I don't keep my secrets or my knowledge to myself.''' ,'''Many people thought I would never succeed, because I am so Russian. So Russian, hundred percent.''' ,'''Even the ears must dance.''' ,'''People tell me I'm dancing better than ever. I don't know what happened, but I have new enthusiasm and more endurance.''' ,'''I think often that God is guiding me.''' ,'''It's not possible to be perfect - you can always do something better. I'm never proud of what I've done. Sometimes, I'm not ashamed.''' ,'''Dancers, many dancers today can do so much technically. You can give them steps that are complicated, then more complicated, pyrotechnical - and they can execute these steps to perfection. But to do simple steps with a pure classical line, that is truly difficult.''' ,]
+++