+++
author = "Clive Anderson"
title = "Clive Anderson Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Clive Anderson Quotes"
keywords = "clive anderson,clive anderson quotes,clive anderson quote,clive anderson sayings,clive anderson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Well, I was very lucky. I was brought up west southwest coast of Scotland and my mother and father had a music shop, and so I was surrounded by pianos and drums and guitars, and music, of course.''' ,'''I am going to have to stick to the script. If I muck around with the words it will defeat the object.''' ,'''I try to make myself walk around a bit, but I probably think about it more than I actually do it. Years ago, I did think about joining a gym.''' ,'''I do find myself surprised by the comedy shows that seem to have the same joke week in week out.''' ,'''I like New York. There are similarities with London that make it feel rather like home, but at the same time it's slightly fictional.''' ,'''If I ever had any vanity, then I definitely lost it by being on television. It doesn't do you any favours in terms of showing you what you look like and what your emotions are.''' ,'''If I ever had any vanity, then I definitely lost it by being on television.''' ,'''Well, I'm happier talking about other people than me.''' ,'''It is a bit frustrating. Things come and go in television. At the moment they've gone.''' ,'''I don't think I'm really a rude person, but now I see myself on television, I think, 'Oh, God, that is a bit strong.' And I wonder if I've always been like that and I haven't been aware of it.''' ,'''On the environmental front there's concern about global warming and high levels of carbon dioxide, and trees take in CO2 and store carbon.''' ,'''If you are a rich person straining every sinew to keep every last pound in your pocket, there comes a point when you realize you are not just escaping the clutches of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. You are passing a greater burden on to people poorer than yourself, and depriving even poorer people of your support.''' ,'''I'm a trained lawyer, after all, so I don't have to admit to anything.''' ,'''I have done well out of TV, but not well enough to buy football clubs. I'm not sure it's ever a way to make money.''' ,'''I'm pale-skinned so I don't feel at my best on a beach.''' ,'''The labour Party has lost the last four elections. If they lose another, they get to keep the liberal party.''' ,'''I am attached to the west coast of Scotland - it's gorgeous to look at and challenging. You have to contend with the possibility of being blown away or rained on. And in the summer months you can be eaten alive by midges.''' ,'''My favourite plant is the foxglove. I think they are a perfect balance between being a garden plant and a wild plant, as at home in woodland as they are in a city.''' ,'''Gardening has just sort of grown on me. I find it therapeutic. And I like smelly things.''' ,'''I like to think of myself as a natural gardener.''' ,'''I remember being in China and realising how irrelevant not even Britain is, but also Europe. We're just another remote country that hardly impinges on some places at all.''' ,'''I like being forced to think about things in a different way.''' ,'''If you look at it ecologically, deforestation is high on the list of things which bring devastation. You cut down trees to build homes, for fuel, and you end up with no trees left, and you have to move on. If you take the earth as a whole, eventually there's nowhere to move on to.''' ,'''I've always liked trees. And then, growing up, I took an interest in ecology, hedges being destroyed, the landscape being turned into prairies.''' ,'''Research gathered over recent years has highlighted the countless benefits to people, wildlife and the environment that come from planting trees and creating new woodland habitat. It's obvious trees are good things.''' ,'''Schoolchildren and older people like the idea of planting trees. For children, it's interesting that an acorn will grow into an oak, and for older people it's a legacy. And the act of planting a tree is not that difficult.''' ,'''Tree roots hold river banks together and stop the wind blowing soil away, there are many creatures that live in woods and they provide a sense of well-being and look nice.''' ,'''I think political correctness is a moving line.''' ,'''It's true, people don't imagine I'd be particularly woody.''' ,'''You can be a famous poisoner or a successful poisoner, but not both, and the same seems to apply to Great Train Robbers.''' ,]
+++