+++
author = "Lisa Su"
title = "Lisa Su Quotes"
quotes_len = "75"
description = "the best 75 Lisa Su Quotes"
keywords = "lisa su,lisa su quotes,lisa su quote,lisa su sayings,lisa su saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We see incredible opportunity to solve some of the biggest social challenges we have by combining high-performance computing and AI - such as climate change and more.''' ,'''I'll say it this way: AMD is a company that generates very strong opinions. There are some people who really like us and are really rooting for us. And then there are some people who say we'll never be able to compete against some of our bigger competitors.''' ,'''I think AMD is at our best when we're working with a customer and allowing them to do something they couldn't do before.''' ,'''Everyone in the semiconductor industry, everyone in the technology industry, would benefit from more diversity in the business.''' ,'''I went to school at MIT with a whole bunch of engineers. And then I started work one day and asked myself, 'Why do all of these MIT Ph.D.s work for Harvard M.B.A.s?' Why should it be like that? I was one of those engineers who thought, 'Why are these people making those dumb decisions?' So it's fun to be the person making them.''' ,'''We're absolutely passionate about making sure gamers have the latest and greatest drivers.''' ,'''I did a lot of engineering things, like taking apart my brother's model car when I was 10. I also played the piano for about 10 years. I auditioned for Juilliard but didn't get in.''' ,'''I was born in Taiwan and came to the United States when I was 2.''' ,'''Like many Asian parents, mine were very focused on education. My dad would quiz me with multiplication tables when I was about 5.''' ,'''AMD loves gamers.''' ,'''Great graphics requires more than just high-performance hardware. Gamers know software is just as important.''' ,'''There are positives and negatives to publicly traded and private companies.''' ,'''My view of AMD is that we have a tremendous set of technology assets, people, capability, customer relationships. We're not going to define ourselves in somebody else's shadow.''' ,'''It's a day-one expectation that when you buy a processor, it's not going to leak your data.''' ,'''Our core competency is really in processors.''' ,'''My philosophy is, I can't make every product that can possibly use a high-performance CPU and graphics. Why shouldn't I enable others, in a positive fashion, to leverage AMD IP in more places?''' ,'''One of the key things is, when you look at semiconductor companies, it's all about experience.''' ,'''I am grateful for the continued opportunity to take risks and learn from my mistakes as we at AMD strive to use technology to help solve some of the world's toughest challenges.''' ,'''We really want to be the leading designer and integrator of tailored solutions.''' ,'''The world is starving for new ideas and great leaders who will champion those ideas.''' ,'''My parents were typical Asian parents, and they do, like all parents, want their children to be successful. They really encouraged my brother and I to study math and science, and that's what we did as kids.''' ,'''Diversifying the business is definitely a good thing.''' ,'''The best thing you can do is learn from those mistakes so that you continue to get better. That's the management style or leadership style I believe in, which is push people to their limit such that they can become better than they thought they could be. That certainly has helped me.''' ,'''Clarity of communication is important.''' ,'''I grew up in the IBM school of management.''' ,'''Traditional computing is always going to be a part of AMD's business, but our technology can go further.''' ,'''Run toward the hardest problems. This approach has helped me to learn a tremendous amount from both success and failure.''' ,'''We do really, really well for content creation and anybody who likes to run videos or edit videos and high performance games.''' ,'''As we looked at the server market, we know very well that the data-center market takes time to ramp with any new product.''' ,'''My dad was a mathematician and worked for New York City as a statistician. My mom was an accountant and eventually started her own business in her mid-40s. She linked manufacturers in Taiwan to companies in the United States that needed those types of products.''' ,'''What's important for all of us as chip companies is to keep the innovation going: putting out new products, figuring out how we connect these complex systems.''' ,'''Make sure there are lots of Harvard M.B.A.s working for MIT Ph.D.s in the future.''' ,'''Gaming is one of those things that's pretty amazing because when you think about it, everybody wants to game; whether you're a casual gamer, or you're an enthusiast gamer, there's a large market for us.''' ,'''Gamers love technology, and they have high expectations.''' ,'''What India is doing in promoting technology and broadband access and PCs for the population is an important market for us.''' ,'''I spent 15 years at IBM, then five years at Freescale Semiconductor.''' ,'''When I see some of the work in the commercial PC sector, some of our top focus is in India.''' ,'''I've spent my entire career in semiconductors.''' ,'''One of the most important things for a CEO is not to get insulated.''' ,'''I just had a great curiosity about how things worked.''' ,'''Gaming brings people together.''' ,'''What we're really trying to do is have heterogeneous systems really become the foundation of our computing going forward. And that's the idea that you make every processor and every accelerator a peer processor.''' ,'''I have extremely high standards.''' ,'''I just really love building chips.''' ,'''Putting you into a virtual world really allows you to think differently.''' ,'''The key for us is always a multiple-year strategy, and a multiple-year strategy means great products, great customer relationships, and doing solid engineering.''' ,'''When I step back and look at what's important to AMD, it's about graphics leadership - visual computing leadership - as well as a strong computing experience. We have the capability to integrate those two together.''' ,'''That's the fun part of being CEO. You can actually say, 'Hey, this is what we should be spending our time on,' and people get it.''' ,'''If I sound like a technology geek, that's probably because I am. But I also love running good businesses.''' ,'''We're so excited about technology. We can help turn the impossible into the possible.''' ,'''I like the PC market. It's a big market, but it's a very volatile market as well.''' ,'''The notion of what we're trying to do at AMD is about bringing out great technology, great products.''' ,'''People are really capable if you're able to give them the confidence to get something done and paint the picture of where we need to go.''' ,'''Electrical engineering, particularly at MIT, was the hardest major, so I said, 'You know, how about we try that and see how it goes.'''' ,'''I think it's fair to say that the age of traditional computing is dead.''' ,'''AMD's history is we've always had great technology. We've had periods of time where we've done really, really well, and we've had periods of time where we've done not so well. But most of the time we've done well, it's because we've had a leadership product or some technology where we were out in front before anybody else.''' ,'''I remember some of the biggest mistakes I have made really, really well.''' ,'''My dad was going to graduate school at Columbia, in New York, so we moved there. After he graduated, we ended up settling in New York, so I grew up there.''' ,'''Do we care about gaming? We absolutely care.''' ,'''I love high-performance technologies, the stuff that's the brains of today's products, and AMD was one of the few companies that had this type of technology. I always believed that it was a company that had great technical capability but needed better business focus.''' ,'''As one of the most important global events for our industry, I look forward to Computex each year.''' ,'''With technological advances, there's a very natural curve between cost and complexity and adoption. When the cost and complexity are high, the adoption rate is - let's call it 'modest.'''' ,'''I do think the blockchain infrastructure is here to stay.''' ,'''I really like to win.''' ,'''Being CEO of AMD is a tremendous opportunity to influence the industry and influence the future of computing.''' ,'''Don't worry about the financials. Just focus on delivering great products.''' ,'''There is a mentality that if you're a long time AMDer, that we're x86: we know what we're doing, and it's just about building better x86 devices.''' ,'''Market share is key.''' ,'''I'm a big believer in using the best IP for a given application.''' ,'''Yes, our competition may have significantly more engineers or significantly more R&D investment. On the other hand, we have significantly more freedom. We have the freedom to innovate.''' ,'''The way we want to look at it is we would like to do end-to-end design in India. We've invested for many years, and so at some point, to do end-to-end product in India is very much a possibility.''' ,'''There's no question that technology is extraordinarily competitive.''' ,'''Gamers are some of the toughest people to please. They have extreme requirements. They want everything.''' ,'''It is incredibly fun to run a company like AMD.''' ,'''What you have to have is very smart, motivated, dedicated, and focused engineers and focus them on the right goal.''' ,]
+++