+++
author = "Studs Terkel"
title = "Studs Terkel Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Studs Terkel Quotes"
keywords = "studs terkel,studs terkel quotes,studs terkel quote,studs terkel sayings,studs terkel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If solace is any sort of succor to someone, that is sufficient. I believe in the faith of people, whatever faith they may have.''' ,'''Why are we born? We're born eventually to die, of course. But what happens between the time we're born and we die? We're born to live. One is a realist if one hopes.''' ,'''I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it.''' ,'''I've always felt, in all my books, that there's a deep decency in the American people and a native intelligence - providing they have the facts, providing they have the information.''' ,'''But once you become active in something, something happens to you. You get excited and suddenly you realize you count.''' ,'''Religion obviously played a role in this book and the previous book, too.''' ,'''We use the word 'hope' perhaps more often than any other word in the vocabulary: 'I hope it's a nice day.' 'Hopefully, you're doing well.' 'So how are things going along? Pretty good. Going to be good tomorrow? Hope so.'''' ,'''That's what we're missing. We're missing argument. We're missing debate. We're missing colloquy. We're missing all sorts of things. Instead, we're accepting.''' ,'''When you become part of something, in some way you count. It could be a march; it could be a rally, even a brief one. You're part of something, and you suddenly realize you count. To count is very important.''' ,'''I'm not up on the Internet, but I hear that is a democratic possibility. People can connect with each other. I think people are ready for something, but there is no leadership to offer it to them. People are ready to say, 'Yes, we are part of a world.'''' ,'''People are ready to say, 'Yes, we are ready for single-payer health insurance.' We are the only industrialized country in the world that does not have national health insurance. We are the richest in wealth and the poorest in health of all the industrial nations.''' ,'''Someone who does an act. In a democratic society, you're supposed to be an activist; that is, you participate. It could be a letter written to an editor.''' ,'''Chicago is not the most corrupt American city. It's the most theatrically corrupt.''' ,'''With optimism, you look upon the sunny side of things. People say, 'Studs, you're an optimist.' I never said I was an optimist. I have hope because what's the alternative to hope? Despair? If you have despair, you might as well put your head in the oven.''' ,'''So people are ready. I feel hopeful in that sense.''' ,'''Nonetheless, do I have respect for people who believe in the hereafter? Of course I do. I might add, perhaps even a touch of envy too, because of the solace.''' ,'''We are the most powerful nation in the world, but we're not the only nation in the world. We are not the only people in the world. We are an important people, the wealthiest, the most powerful and, to a great extent, generous. But we are part of the world.''' ,'''You happen to be talking to an agnostic. You know what an agnostic is? A cowardly atheist.''' ,'''I want people to talk to one another no matter what their difference of opinion might be.''' ,'''I want a language that speaks the truth.''' ,'''I think it's realistic to have hope. One can be a perverse idealist and say the easiest thing: 'I despair. The world's no good.' That's a perverse idealist. It's practical to hope, because the hope is for us to survive as a human species. That's very realistic.''' ,'''I thought, if ever there were a time to write a book about hope, it's now.''' ,'''All the other books ask, 'What's it like?' What was World War II like for the young kid at Normandy, or what is work like for a woman having a job for the first time in her life? What's it like to be black or white?''' ,'''I want to praise activists through the years. I praise those of the past as well, to have them honored.''' ,'''I hope for peace and sanity - it's the same thing.''' ,'''That's why I wrote this book: to show how these people can imbue us with hope. I read somewhere that when a person takes part in community action, his health improves. Something happens to him or to her biologically. It's like a tonic.''' ,'''I always love to quote Albert Einstein because nobody dares contradict him.''' ,'''I hope that memory is valued - that we do not lose memory.''' ,]
+++