+++
author = "Syd"
title = "Syd Quotes"
quotes_len = "96"
description = "the best 96 Syd Quotes"
keywords = "syd,syd quotes,syd quote,syd sayings,syd saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've always known I was a genius. But I never thought I was a star.''' ,'''When I started making music, I just wanted to be the producer who sang the hooks. I wanted to be Pharrell, honestly, the one who made the beats and was in the music video with the girls.''' ,'''Some people just need something to be mad about.''' ,'''The gay community hated me for being part of Odd Future. They thought Odd Future was homophobic because they tend to use homophobic slang, and they were like: 'How can you work for and support homophobes?' But they aren't homophobic; they just don't really care whether you're offended or not.''' ,'''I'm just a really shy person. I don't gravitate towards attention, so for someone like me to have as much attention as I have is bizarre.''' ,'''If you think I'm a young boy singing these songs, dope. Run with that.''' ,'''If you ranked Odd Future, I was at the very bottom.''' ,'''I'm not ashamed in the least bit of being gay or being a lesbian. I just prefer to call myself gay for some reason.''' ,'''It was a nerve-wracking first few years having to tour and perform in front of people with the little bit of confidence I had.''' ,'''I learned everything I knew about recording and engineering from my experience with Odd Future, so I was pretty comfortable with not having much.''' ,'''I knew that if I just came out as a singer, people would just be criticizing my voice.''' ,'''I don't even start singing anything until the mic is on and recording, because my first ideas are usually my best ones. So I'll just press record; I'll freestyle a whole three minutes.''' ,'''I was a loner; I spent the first half of high school alone.''' ,'''Once we got signed, I moved out of my house because I was having teenage issues with my mom. It really wasn't my fault, looking back. You know, I'm gay; it's weird. It was one of the things. She has no problem with me being gay, but she had a problem with me dressing the way I do at first.''' ,'''I used to feel like I wasn't a good songwriter when I couldn't finish a song by myself.''' ,'''I think my first client other than my brother was this kid named Tallent. I was charging him eight dollars an hour to record in my room. He kept coming back, then I went up to ten dollars an hour.''' ,'''I sing every day, on a regular basis.''' ,'''If everything happens for a reason, what's the reason?''' ,'''It took me a very long time to be comfortable in my own skin.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I represent myself first and foremost, and I'm not going to ever purposely try and misrepresent myself.''' ,'''When I was 14 and I wanted to buy stuff, I didn't like asking for stuff from my parents, so I started a couple companies, and the last one ended up being my studio.''' ,'''Most of my friends are straight dudes. I talk to them about girls. I don't talk to girls about girls; I don't talk to gay girls about girls.''' ,'''As a child, I wanted to be a singer, but that was only because I thought I could sing. I'd sing along to Brandy and Usher and *NSYNC.''' ,'''I have an uncle in Jamaica who's an OG producer/songwriter over there, Mikey Bennett.''' ,'''I think too many people are offended by stuff that doesn't matter.''' ,'''Everybody in Odd Future is their own artist - they have their own friends and their own ideas for things - so we all spent quite a lot of time separated.''' ,'''I have stopped going out places just to avoid uncomfortable conversations.''' ,'''I want to say I hate my generation, but I don't.''' ,'''Kaytranada's a really cool dude.''' ,'''Guitar Center hooks me up on a lot of stuff.''' ,'''Finding someone that trusted my vision helped me find certainty in who I was.''' ,'''I, for one, am, like, the most ordinary person. Like, people look past me all the time because I'm just so blending in.''' ,'''I think everybody goes through times where they're vulnerable and then times where you're confident and cocky.''' ,'''I lived in a pretty big house, and we had a guesthouse, so when I was 14, I built a studio in my bedroom, which was pretty big. It was two rooms connected, so I turned the second into a studio and ran the mic in my closet.''' ,'''I want people to love me for my music.''' ,'''Fashion has always been influenced by hip-hop.''' ,'''I remember my first albums: Brandy's first album and Usher's 'My Way.'''' ,'''I feel like I'm real honest in my music. Even if it ends up being an exaggeration or a fantasy, it's a fantasy that's real to me.''' ,'''If I have a session with an artist who I've never worked with before, they don't have to meet my parents, you know? Unless they want to.''' ,'''Don't overthink it, and don't let technicalities stop you from creating.''' ,'''I was really inspired, working with Odd Future.''' ,'''I've written songs about women since I've been involved with women, but I do know a few gay female artists who, back in the day, would write songs about men.''' ,'''I think I see a lot of artists struggling to make their first album perfect, and I've been there.''' ,'''Studying James Fauntleroy, I learned it's okay to write a bad song. Just write another one the next day and hope that it's better.''' ,'''As far as open conversations with random people, no I don't really enjoy them.''' ,'''Almost everything I've ever recorded, I recorded myself at the desk, in my house.''' ,'''I think that's what I learned a lot from Odd Future. I learned a lot of great things from them, but one of the mistakes that they made was that we didn't stay together, and we didn't communicate. We never had meetings. Everybody had issues with everybody else and wouldn't talk about it.''' ,'''I hate the word 'lesbian.'''' ,'''I've gotten used to not having all the responsibility on my shoulders.''' ,'''I've realised that I actually like being by myself.''' ,'''I have really dope parents, and they happen to both really love, love music - they're huge music fans.''' ,'''I was 16 when I recorded 'Flashlight.' I produced it, made the beat, wrote it, recorded it.''' ,'''Feeling invisible definitely makes you want to become visible sometimes.''' ,'''At some point, I started listening to music a little differently. Rather than being like, 'Yo, this is dope - who made this?' it started being like, 'I wish I made this.'''' ,'''I'm kind of shy when it comes to women, so I don't really approach them. I'll just admire them from afar, and if they happen to say something to me, then maybe I'll find the courage to say something.''' ,'''Performing live was something that I had to really work at.''' ,'''I want to be a great performer.''' ,'''I've always been conscious not to take advantage of my sexual orientation because I don't think it's fair, and it shouldn't matter.''' ,'''My dad makes me breakfast every morning; he's very worried about my nutrition.''' ,'''I grew up watching 'American Idol.'''' ,'''I do want to inspire people - young girls who may like to wear boys' clothes and who romanticize women and feel nothing wrong with it.''' ,'''Older people generally appreciate live music.''' ,'''I think the selfie age is kind of making fame annoying.''' ,'''I know that Shia LaBeouf and Fiona Apple went to my alma mater, Hamilton High.''' ,'''My conscience is really active. So I feel bad about spending excess amount of money on things.''' ,'''I used to get the most anxiety before shows because I really was never prepared.''' ,'''I never think I work hard enough, as much things I have on my plate.''' ,'''I think I see myself differently than most people see me.''' ,'''I wish I could sing like Nelly.''' ,'''I think I'm influenced a lot by Drake in specific ways in my writing.''' ,'''I started taking vocal lessons steadily. I started taking it seriously.''' ,'''I've always been comfortable with my gayness, but I was intimidated by the social anxiety.''' ,'''I'm never a flashy type of person.''' ,'''I grew up in a house that was constantly under construction. It's been under construction my whole life. My mom loves interior decor, and my dad loves construction - he loves demolition and building new walls.''' ,'''I think the audience is getting it right, you know what I mean? And that's kind of rare when the artist feels like their audience understand them. But I feel like people are understanding exactly what I'm going for. And that's awesome.''' ,'''It's no secret that I love women. I think everyone loves women. And I like having beautiful women around me.''' ,'''I feel like once you go with a band, it's hard to go back. I just don't see myself performing without a band.''' ,'''My parents have always been supportive of whatever I've wanted to do.''' ,'''My dad's a businessman, and I grew up looking up to him, how he dressed to go to work and, whenever I went to his office, how he spoke to people.''' ,'''It's weird: I don't really know where I pull my inspiration from. I think it's N.E.R.D.''' ,'''For Odd Future, I only made beats for Mike G. With the Internet, I'm part of a production team making tracks for me to sing over.''' ,'''I love being part of a creative process, so having a band to work with is perfect for me.''' ,'''I'm sure that, on some level of the major-label and old-establishment industry, there are execs and agents who think homosexuality is a liability.''' ,'''I don't really watch too many movies, but I try to watch inspirational pieces about other musicians. Musical documentaries truly inspire me.''' ,'''I don't watch TV.''' ,'''Justin Timberlake has a great live show.''' ,'''For me, I'm just trying to keep it fun, keep it interesting, not get stuck on the same sound, the same wave for too long.''' ,'''If you want to be a pioneer, you have to be intentional, at least a little bit.''' ,'''I used to have long hair and get it done every two weeks, and it was never worth it to me. I would just walk out of the salon and put it in a ponytail anyway.''' ,'''It kind of feels good to make something that you're proud of and it's also very real to you.''' ,'''I use Logic or Reason and a midi keyboard for beats. If it's gonna have all live instruments in it, I'll probably use Pro Tools and have the band lay stuff down.''' ,'''I sing, but I'm not a singer. I'm just a producer who sings on her own songs because I can't find anybody else who sounds like me.''' ,'''My mom wasn't expecting me to end up how I ended up. When she wanted to have kids, she wanted to have two girls, and then she got my brother and me. Which is a disappointment to anybody. You can't help it.''' ,'''I get kinda nervous before every show.''' ,'''I go through stages with all kinds of stuff. There'll be a couple of months where I'm reading, you know, like, fiction mystery novels, and there'll be a couple more where I'll be redecorating a room in my house.''' ,'''I like that I'm an engineer - it sets me apart from a lot of other artists.''' ,]
+++