+++
author = "Alex Kingston"
title = "Alex Kingston Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Alex Kingston Quotes"
keywords = "alex kingston,alex kingston quotes,alex kingston quote,alex kingston sayings,alex kingston saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've never been a size zero, let me say that here and now. I've never been that sort of person.''' ,'''In England, there just isn't that fascism of beauty and physicality or whatever. You don't have to look like a gym bunny, all buffed up and a size two. You're not judged the way you are in the States.''' ,'''I normally have a healthy fear of journalists.''' ,'''Social media worries me because it's not part of my world.''' ,'''I have a computer and an iPad, but I have no interest in Twitter.''' ,'''I went through about 13 rounds of IVF before I got pregnant with Salome; it was very tough.''' ,'''When I was pregnant, I did Kundalini yoga. It was all closing your eyes, dancing around, and putting your hands together to form birth canals for people to pretend to be a baby coming out.''' ,'''One of my sisters is physically and mentally handicapped. She took a lot of my parents' attention, so I grew up in my own world, playing in my room for hours and hours.''' ,'''Most Americans don't even know that Minnie Driver is English or that Catherine Zeta Jones is Welsh, but people are reminded every time 'ER' is shown that I'm the British Dr. Corday.''' ,'''In England, 'Doctor Who' has always been considered a children's show, at least by children.''' ,'''If you are the one who is dumped, then you feel like your life is over.''' ,'''I'm actually very vulnerable and sensitive.''' ,'''In America, people come up and to me, and I keep thinking they're going to say, 'Oh, I loved you on 'ER.'' Now it's, 'Oh, I love you on 'Doctor Who.''''' ,''''Doctor Who' is really challenging and fulfilling on so many levels.''' ,'''Cleopatra is one of the roles that I would love to do!''' ,'''I don't think my looks are modern. I always imagined I'd end up doing Chekhov, Ibsen and Shakespeare all my life and never play a contemporary character.''' ,'''My daughter was born in the States, and she went into the educational system here.''' ,'''If anyone out there wants me to play a Pre-Raphaelite character, I'd do it in a flash. That's what is so curious about my playing a modern doctor. It's not the sort of part I saw for myself when I began acting.''' ,'''I think a lot of actors need validation. If you see truly amazing actors perform, they expose themselves to such an incredible degree. You can really see their pain.''' ,'''Children's programming in America, I think it's pretty shoddy in terms of lack of diversity. It's pretty much cartoons and Disney sort of shows. I don't find any of that stimulating for children.''' ,'''I live a very boring life.''' ,'''I think if you live in London, it's such a cosmopolitan city; nobody even notices different-race relationships. I assumed it would be even more liberal in the States, and it's totally the opposite.''' ,'''My life isn't interesting enough for anyone to hack my phone.''' ,'''I love playing strong feisty women, I really do, but if you were to ask my husband he'd probably say that I'm very insecure. And actually incredibly malleable, which isn't necessarily a good thing.''' ,'''Given the amount of work and time my mum devoted to my sister, it left me a lot of time to play on my own. I mean, I played with kids in the street all the time, too - I definitely wasn't denied a childhood. But I do wonder whether, in a sense, acting was my way of getting noticed.''' ,'''I enjoyed my schooldays, but I thought, 'I've got to get through it, and then my life can start.'''' ,'''I will always wear what I want and have some fun doing it. I'm not afraid to take risks with my appearance. I'm not so vain.''' ,'''I lead a very quiet life and never court publicity. I don't go to a restaurant and let slip I'm leaving by the back door, like some celebrities.''' ,'''The truth is, I'm not a coper. I hate stress. I might appear calm externally but internally it's all going on.''' ,'''Having been in Hollywood as a shadow, as someone who is almost invisible, I can see fame for what it is.''' ,'''Even when I was at school, I wanted to be liked by everyone, even the bullies. I didn't like them, but I needed to know that they liked me.''' ,'''Californians don't have that marvelous British cynicism, but then the British can be so patronizing at times.''' ,'''It's so important to spend your free time with little people. They grow up before you know it. Childhood is gone in the blink of an eye.''' ,'''For premieres, you get designers offering to dress you for the evening, which is nice.''' ,'''Interviews usually upset me in one way or another.''' ,'''The cast of 'ER' is very close, and everyone has treated me so well.''' ,'''To be honest, 'Doctor Who' fans are a mixture of crazies plus solid citizens, but they're relentless.''' ,'''I think I'm an extremely good mother. I know I'm an extremely good mother. But I didn't realise how much it sucks out of you.''' ,]
+++