+++
author = "Cardi B"
title = "Cardi B Quotes"
quotes_len = "87"
description = "the best 87 Cardi B Quotes"
keywords = "cardi b,cardi b quotes,cardi b quote,cardi b sayings,cardi b saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a passion for music; I love music. But I also have a passion for money and paying my bills.''' ,'''Whatever hair color I have on my head, that's what decides what type of outfit I'm going to wear, because not everything goes with your hair color. That's why I switch it up.''' ,'''When you hear my lyrics, you hear the shots that I throw at people. I throw shots because I always been the underdog. I got rejected so many times, and I say it in my lyrics constantly.''' ,'''I was a little hesitant to do 'Love & Hip-Hop' because sometimes reality TV can be good for your music career and sometimes bad.''' ,'''I need to make money for my family and my future family. I'm not a YOLO person.''' ,'''I'm a funny person, but I take my music seriously.''' ,'''My mom kicked me out a couple of weeks before my 18th birthday. I had a job for about six, seven months at a supermarket, and they fired me for being late.''' ,'''I was always scared to follow my dreams because if I follow my dreams and I fail, I can't dream about it anymore. It's easier to settle for less.''' ,'''No man wants to accept they could be getting used for money. But it's OK for them to let us know that they use us?''' ,'''I feel beautiful without makeup on, but when I do put makeup on, it just gives me this extra pop.''' ,'''I love Lady Gaga. When I was in high school, I really wanted to dress like her.''' ,'''That was an organic relationship. He reached out to me, and I was like, 'Oh my God, I cannot believe somebody like Laquan Smith wants to put his clothes on me.' He comes from a small place, and he has big dreams, and what I like about him the most is that his clothes curve with your body.''' ,'''I'm on my phone 24-7. I see everything. I hear everything. I am the voice of the streets.''' ,'''I never thought I was going to be popular; I never thought I was going to be famous.''' ,'''A lot of designers, they did tell me no. They didn't really wanna work with me.''' ,'''To see the positive reaction to my music makes me feel good.''' ,'''Libras like to take risks!''' ,'''I'll do something that brings me a check.''' ,'''I don't know how to drive.''' ,'''I just feel like I influence people because I'm like - I was practically homeless.''' ,'''I was a loner; I was never the crazy party girl.''' ,'''The faster I make a lot of money, the faster I can have these kids I want.''' ,'''Make more than the guys you thought you wanted to be with.''' ,'''I'm about this shmoney.''' ,'''Summertime, this is the time that you flex.''' ,'''Say yes to everything. 'You want me to buy you some food?' Yes. 'You want me to buy you a car?' Yes.''' ,'''I don't want to live in a small Bronx apartment. I don't want to have three kids that got to share one room.''' ,'''I'd rather have money and be broken-hearted than be broke and broken-hearted.''' ,'''I cry sometimes. I get very upset.''' ,'''That's why I be so careful with my money and always try to invest. I see people who have it all and then lose it.''' ,'''No one calls me Belcalis except for my family, my mother, and my daddy.''' ,'''I don't want my personality to overshadow my talent.''' ,'''I used to worry a lot. I still worry a lot, but not about the things that I used to worry about because my younger self, I didn't regret anything that I ever did... I was happy, and I was free, and I was living it up.''' ,'''When I do music, I don't feel like it's competition. Then again, it kinda is, but I don't like thinking like that. And I don't understand why they do that to women and, especially, women in hip-hop.''' ,'''Me and my mom are pretty cool. My mother's Caribbean, and she gets a little spicy, and I get a little spicy back.''' ,'''My personality is humongous.''' ,'''I'm so free-spirited. Everyone has a me inside them: that loud girl that just wanna go, 'Ayyyy!' No matter if you a doctor, a lawyer, a teacher, it comes out.''' ,'''People should listen to my music because it's good.''' ,'''I really don't look up to anybody that is doing that great in life, because I don't know their story.''' ,'''Am I ever gonna grow thick skin? No.''' ,'''I have 100 percent Bronx pride, like it's a country, like I am the Bronx.''' ,'''I'm surprised Beyonce liked me. I met Beyonce!''' ,'''A lot of people always question, 'What else can she do, what else can she do?' And I'm going to show you.''' ,'''If a girl have beef with me, she gon' have beef with me forever.''' ,'''The first splurge that I did, I bought, like, an $80,000 watch, but that's because I'm a rapper. I need jewelry.''' ,'''Being a feminist is being equal to do what a man do.''' ,'''People want me to be so full of shame that I used to dance. I would never be ashamed of it. I made a lot of money. I had a good time, and it showed me a lot.''' ,'''We might as well be true with ourselves.''' ,'''I cannot turn my life back around. I'm already a public figure, I'm famous... It's like, I might as well keep it going, might as well make the money.''' ,'''I'm gonna be famous forever.''' ,'''I'm a woman. Every woman, I think, wants to get married and wants to have children.''' ,'''To me, music is art and fashion is art, but fame? Fame isn't art, but the person you become when you're famous - your alter ego - that's art.''' ,'''I want to be an artist artist, a real artist. I don't just want to do this for temporary money.''' ,'''I'm an emotional gangster. I cry once every month.''' ,'''When I was 19, 20, 21, I wasn't extremely thick.''' ,'''I worked at this supermarket called Amish Market. Everything is, like, organic.''' ,'''What counts the most for women is having the confidence to make your own money.''' ,'''It's not that people want to be like me, but some want to say the things I say and can't because they're afraid. I say it for them.''' ,'''I wanna hear myself everywhere.''' ,'''I'm an October baby, yes.''' ,'''I used to tell myself that I will always be myself.''' ,'''I have real good parents. They poor. They have regular, poor jobs and what not. They real good people and what not; I was just raised in a bad society.''' ,'''I had very strict parents, I could never go outside or go to parties.''' ,'''You can't tell me that I can't dress!''' ,'''I'm not as open as I used to be. I'm a little bit more filtered, and it kind of sucks, but it's the price you pay to get paid.''' ,'''I do feel kind of guilty sometimes 'cause, like, I could buy myself a $5,000 dress or a $3,000 dress, and I'm buying these things, but I'm knowing that my cousin need money for the rent. And then I gotta tell myself, 'Stop feeling guilty. You worked for this.'''' ,'''I think beautiful is like looking like you take care of yourself.''' ,'''I'ma sound like all your favorite rappers.''' ,'''A lot of females, they want to do the things that I do. Some females are so closed, but they want to be open. Some girls, they want to feel that power that I tell them that I have. I tell women that I have power over these men, that I use these men.''' ,'''People are afraid to be themselves because people are afraid to be recorded. Everything is being recorded, and everyone is so sensitive. You say something; a section of people will be offended. It's so annoying; you got to be completely censored.''' ,'''It's not even the female rappers that are catty - it's the fans. They just want that beef.''' ,'''I yam who I yam; I'm not somebody, like, standard.''' ,'''It's just like, damn - I'm competing with myself.''' ,'''When women come up to me like, 'I am a freaking senator,' or, 'I'm a doctor,' it's like, 'Damn, y'all like me? I look up to y'all!'''' ,'''The women that inspire me to be honest are the women that struggle.''' ,'''My Instagram got deleted a lot of times. I used to do rough jokes and curse a lot.''' ,'''Ever since I started using guys, I feel so much better about myself. I feel so much more powerful.''' ,'''I could really make a song of hurt, because I've been hurt by a lot of men. I'm talking about, like, how sad I be when a dude curves me. And I never talk about that because I refuse to let people know that I get sad because when a man don't answer my calls.''' ,'''My sister's name is Hennessy, so everybody used to be, like, 'Bacardi' to me. Then I shortened it to Cardi B. The 'B' stands for whatever, depending on the day... beautiful or bully.''' ,'''If you want it, and the more you keep hearing you can't have it, you just go and get it.''' ,'''I'm not domestic. I think I will be. I love kids. I really want to have a kid, but I'm not a domestic person.''' ,'''It's never too early to get married now.''' ,'''This is my work ethic: I do not want to raise my future kids where I was raised, and I know the only way to do it is working, working, working, working, working.''' ,'''Music never felt like a job.''' ,'''What I'm trying to say to girls is don't let these guys be in your head.''' ,'''Instagram has said plenty of times that I'm pregnant, Instagram has said a lot of things about me that are not true, so I don't even know where that's coming from.''' ,'''I don't feel like anyone should follow what I did.''' ,]
+++