+++
author = "Stephan Lichtsteiner"
title = "Stephan Lichtsteiner Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Stephan Lichtsteiner Quotes"
keywords = "stephan lichtsteiner,stephan lichtsteiner quotes,stephan lichtsteiner quote,stephan lichtsteiner sayings,stephan lichtsteiner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't chase money and I need a place where I'll have a good quality of life.''' ,'''If you are a banker... you can do that for all your life, but if you are a footballer once you hit your mid 30s, you have to find something else to do.''' ,'''In football if not all the team is perfect you will not win. It's the same with a watch, if everything is not perfectly in place the watch is not going to work.''' ,'''As a young boy I dreamed of playing in the national team and representing my country with pride. I'm proud to have achieved that aim and to don my nation's colours.''' ,'''I'm constantly aware of my responsibility; I don't need the captain's armband to feel that.''' ,'''In the national team you only see each other two or three times a month, which makes it difficult to work on some of the most important aspects of the game. But if you've known each other for so many years, these things go a little more smoothly. It makes everything a little easier.''' ,'''Well, Germany and Spain are huge footballing nations with very big clubs. They have greater resources and even more quality in their ranks. They're under pressure to win every game, which isn't the case in Switzerland.''' ,'''Giving everything for your passion and aims every day is enough. Quality and durability always shine through sooner or later.''' ,'''I play football because I love the sport so much and for the sake of playing football.''' ,'''At the end it's not too important to speak too much. The important thing is what you do on the pitch, that you are an example for the young players, for the old players, that everybody knows that this guy will help us.''' ,'''Generally, though, becoming captain was never something I thought about. I've always pushed myself to be a leader and a winner through my performances, passion, ambition, will to win and unbending winning mentality.''' ,'''I have improved in my mentality. I didn't know what it meant to play at Juventus when I arrived, as there is pressure and obsession for the victory.''' ,'''My playing style? I'm a right back who likes to attack but I also know when it's time to attack and when you need to stay behind. I have to put a balance between defence and attack.''' ,'''I know Italy very well and I know what gets said, written and speculated about there. I'm used to it.''' ,'''I think it's hard to see a club like Arsenal not playing in the Champions League.''' ,'''Italy is one of the nicest countries in Europe and has everything you could wish for. You've got the ocean, the mountains, the lakes, great food and a fantastic lifestyle. I'm also a big fan of the mentality of the Italian people.''' ,]
+++