+++
author = "Jon Heder"
title = "Jon Heder Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Jon Heder Quotes"
keywords = "jon heder,jon heder quotes,jon heder quote,jon heder sayings,jon heder saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I never read a self-help book except for the Bible.''' ,'''I relate to most of the characters I play, because I do feel like an outsider.''' ,'''Just as long as something is gained, a lesson is learned. I do like those. The more quiet victories are always great.''' ,'''I just did an ad with Microsoft. I'm dressed as Napoleon, and I get to slap Bill Gates.''' ,'''Normally I avoid movies where the aliens look like humans. It's cheesy.''' ,'''That's what protagonists do. They work hard, they have a conflict, they overcome the obstacles.''' ,'''I loved my childhood. They had the coolest toys back then. Star Wars, Transformers, laser-tag gun sets. Toy companies have really gone downhill.''' ,'''I love movin'. I was observant growing up, watching Michael Jackson and John Travolta. I'd close my eyes, see the moves.''' ,'''I'm not going chic, I swear. The geek endures. But, I mean, a snazzy cool suit looks good.''' ,'''I want to get up there and tell entertaining stories but that are also to a certain extent clean.''' ,'''Build a rocket ship and leave the earth!''' ,'''Marriage is all about knowing the ins and outs and the intimate details, and your wife is supposed to be the person you know best. But my brother and I think alike, know everything about one another, and when we get together, we block everything else out. Nothing exists in our world except for us.''' ,'''What we did in our childhoods makes us who we are now.''' ,'''When I was young, I told my sister that she had chunky thighs. She slapped me and I cried. She feels bad about it to this day, but I feel worse.''' ,'''I've always liked Kate Winslet. She's pretty, smart, and talented.''' ,'''I know at some point I would like to take on more dramatic roles.''' ,'''I'm not that into reading. If I'm gonna read, I'm gonna read some cool sci-fi book or something, not some stupid self-help book.''' ,'''I don't think I ever will do a sex scene because of my religion and my personal standards.''' ,]
+++