+++
author = "Glenn Danzig"
title = "Glenn Danzig Quotes"
quotes_len = "113"
description = "the best 113 Glenn Danzig Quotes"
keywords = "glenn danzig,glenn danzig quotes,glenn danzig quote,glenn danzig sayings,glenn danzig saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The Democratic party has gone so far to the left that people just can't relate to it anymore and the Republican party is trying to go totally to the right.''' ,'''I've always tried to expand what heavy or loud music was and where it can go and what it can do.''' ,'''I think the Democratic Party has picked a lot of the wrong candidates, the kind that Middle America, or people who are more down the middle and more rational, can't side with. I think that's been the problem.''' ,'''For me, it shouldn't just be a live show: it should be an experience. It should be some kind of crazy, tribal, exhausting experience.''' ,'''However you feel about Dimebag, this is one of the most influential metal guitar players of the '90s. I was just talking to someone that I am hiring to bring on the tour who said that, when he was at the funeral, that Eddie Van Halen came and put his striped guitar in the coffin. That's a pretty big deal.''' ,'''As a little kid watching horror movies, if you only got to see the monster for the last two minutes of the movie, I thought that movie pretty much sucked.''' ,'''I hadn't done a photo cover in a while, and I decided to do a take on the 'Pin Ups' cover, but do it in skull face and have the girl in skull face. People seem to dig it.''' ,'''I don't think there's a back lot here in Hollywood anymore that has those streets, like a French Quarter.''' ,'''Al Gore wanted to tell people what they could listen to and what they couldn't, what they could record. It was basically coming down to the idea that he wouldn't let anybody record any music that he didn't think you should be doing. There was going to be an organization that would tell you what you could and couldn't record.''' ,'''Comics are printed on paper, which is expensive, making it tough to stay in business.''' ,'''We've had a lot of agencies try and sabotage our tour.''' ,'''But when you get to a song, not only do you have to do a vocal melody, you have to write words and not be redundant and make some semblance of a story.''' ,'''I like to stay busy. I am a workaholic, and I like to be creative.''' ,'''It started getting too crazy with 'Earth A.D.' The concepts started becoming too brutal and violent. It was less about fiction and more about the real world, the past, present, and future. I think a lot of people got freaked out by that.''' ,'''On Sirius, I can find anything I want. They have about four or five different metal channels, rock channels; there's a whole Elvis channel.''' ,'''All that pop that you see on the radio? It's just the worst crud I've ever heard in my life. It's designed to make money, and that's about it.''' ,'''I like albums. I like holding them, seeing what they're all about, you know? I like reading liner notes. Even if it's a CD, you're getting kind of an idea of what the band is coming from. Or what they want you to think they're coming from. I like that.''' ,'''I like Bill Murray a real lot. I like Andy Kaufman.''' ,'''Growing up, just singing in bands, I didn't have the same kind of voice as everyone else.''' ,'''My idea of covers is that you should never cover a song and do it exactly like the artist because everyone's always going to compare it to the way the original artists did it, and they're just going to go, 'Oh I like the original better.'''' ,'''Back in the days, we had to work with a shoestring budget. We had a movie screen, and we'd show movie trailers on them, and then we'd rip through it and started playing. Now we have a little money to play with to do a cool stage set.''' ,'''Although I have been pretty vocal about hating touring, the only part of touring I don't like is being on the bus and bouncing around.''' ,'''Two hours onstage... that's the best part because it makes it all worth it.''' ,'''I'm just saying that at least for the foreseeable future there won't be any more touring.''' ,'''You'd be surprised the type of people who are into metal when you see them. Sometimes I'm even surprised, but it's cool. That's the reason it's still around.''' ,'''If there's going to be another Misfits record, I'd probably have to write the stuff.''' ,'''My opinion of covers is that unless you're going to change and take a cover in a new direction, it's gonna get put up against the old one, and you're gonna lose. It's like, which would you rather listen to? The Righteous Brothers' 'Loving Feeling' or Hall and Oates' 'Loving Feeling?'''' ,'''To some people heavy metal is Motorhead and to others it's Judas Priest.''' ,'''In Japan, they have TV sets in cars right now, where you can punch up traffic routes, weather, everything! You can get Internet access already in cars in Japan, so within the next 2 to 3 years it's gonna be so crazy!''' ,'''Yeah, now we publish whenever we feel like it.''' ,'''People don't realize that they're being played by the Democratic Party and the Republican Party, but more so by the Democratic Party because the Democratic Party does not want another party in there.''' ,'''When your car rattles when you drive, you know you are playing cool music.''' ,'''My image is dark and sombre. It fits my personality. The problem I always had with the people in the Misfits was that it was a put-on. You wouldn't see those guys walking around like that.''' ,'''It really annoys me when the light turns green, and you're behind somebody, and they're just sitting there looking at the light for about 15, 20 seconds.''' ,'''I hate iPods.''' ,'''I like the original Metallica version they did on 'Garage Days' - 'Last Caress' and 'Green Hell.'''' ,'''Comics are a dying art. If you ask a little kid to choose between a video game with insane graphics or comic books... you have to compete with cable, satellite TV with its thousands of channels, and with video games that are like movies, with CGI explosions where you can blow up worlds.''' ,'''The thing that has never changed is I do what I want to do. If I can't do what I want to do, I don't want to do it.''' ,'''You know I take music seriously, right? So I expect journalists to take being a journalist seriously.''' ,'''I like being out onstage in front of everybody, getting that energy and giving that energy. Hopefully I am making them forget about all their problems in the world. For however many hours they are at our show, hopefully they are going to have a great time, and it makes life a little more bearable for everybody involved.''' ,'''I'm a big Fred Armisen fan.''' ,'''But the Danzig unreleased stuff will be either a single or a double CD.''' ,'''Whether or not the devil is really good or evil is something that we don't really know.''' ,'''I don't think any punk bands really ever got their due.''' ,'''I try to work out, but a lot of hotels don't have gyms anymore, so I always try to find a local gym where there's not a ton of 'roid-heads, 'cause I can't stand them. It's tough.''' ,'''Anyone who knows me, and most of my fans, know that I have a sense of humor.''' ,'''Sometimes I was like Beavis and Butt-head growing up. I know people who lit their friend's house on fire accidentally.''' ,'''My view on Democrats is that they're fascists disguised as liberals, or liberal moderates. You're not allowed to say anything they don't agree with. You're not allowed to do anything.''' ,'''So many big magazines just dissed the whole punk thing as nothing, but really, it was a big thing. It really changed, and that's what we wanted to do - change the system.''' ,'''I love the energy, and I just love watching people lose their minds and be happy and exhilarated. There is nothing like it.''' ,'''We still have pretty good sales, especially for the art books.''' ,'''I know kids like Beavis and Butt-head.''' ,'''Wars have always started over religion.''' ,'''I just play music, you know what I mean? That's what I want to spend my time talking about.''' ,'''I don't see any holy wars being fought in the name of Satan.''' ,'''I had a situation where Bill Clinton sent the F.B.I. after me.''' ,'''If I can make people forget whatever they're dealing with for an hour and a half, two hours every night, that's nice.''' ,'''Everyone thinks L.A. is the beach. And actually, Hollywood is really far from the beach.''' ,'''David Bowie's death came out of the blue, as did Prince's.''' ,'''It's funny I'm talking to 'Rolling Stone' right now, because back then, it was like, 'Punk rock? Put it back. It's just a flash in the pan.'''' ,'''I think the key to being a journalist is getting your subject to feel comfortable enough to talk about stuff they want to talk about and the stuff they like and don't like, and still feel comfortable about it.''' ,'''It's what's missing, I think, from most music - the rebellious part. That rebelliousness is part of great rock music or great literature or any great creative stuff.''' ,'''If you're a music fan, you think these artists will be here forever, but you should enjoy them while they're here, because you never know what will happen.''' ,'''I always want to do - take everything and take it to the next step. I don't want to just keep doing something the same ol' thing. Obviously, I could have wrote 'Mother' 20 times and made tons of money and be playing gigantic arenas and whatever, but that's not really what I want to do.''' ,'''The choruses are important for me. I want to say something, and sing-along is great.''' ,'''I know they are going to be doing a box set in Europe of Danzig 5 and 6 and some other stuff.''' ,'''CDs sound so much better than MP3s. I'm sure they'll come out with a better format someday.''' ,'''When I started Samhain, I remember a producer telling me that I had a real band now.''' ,'''I just told you I wasn't a Satanist.''' ,'''It's pretty crazy the amount of people that have covered my songs.''' ,'''When I grew up as a kid, a part of my life - I grew up in Boston near Revere Beach, at my grandma's, and she would take me to the beach.''' ,'''If I can help it, I don't go to modern doctors.''' ,'''Until the contract is signed, nothing is real.''' ,'''What irritates me are bands that pretend they've never heard of the Misfits or Danzig, but they've got the skeleton shirt.''' ,'''I don't think anyone in my family was funny.''' ,'''If you're working with a producer like Rick Rubin or whatever, you sing each line probably 30 different ways. Each time, they're like, 'Can you try it this way? Can you try it that way?' That's each line in the song, for each song.''' ,'''America was founded on satanism.''' ,'''I was watching TV once, and 'Jailhouse Rock' comes on, and I'm like, 'What is this?' I started watching it, and at the end, I thought, 'This is what I want to do. That's what I want to be. That's for me. That's it!'''' ,'''I don't like a lot of drama on the road - I don't like prima donnas.''' ,'''I don't follow trends. I just do what I like doing.''' ,'''Pop music doesn't challenge anything.''' ,'''There's all kinds of schisms in Satanism, but the thing I like about it is the quest for knowledge.''' ,'''The occult - what do you mean, Jesus? That's occult to me. It's so far-fetched, it's ridiculous.''' ,'''I don't really go to the beach.''' ,'''It seems like time slips out of your hands. You wake up, and 2-3 years have passed.''' ,'''I've seen a bunch of the 'Portlandia' episodes, and they're pretty hilarious.''' ,'''I don't know that I'm not normal, because usually, when I tell people the things I do, either their jaw drops or they look at me shocked, but I'm sure I do normal things - everyone eats, that kind of stuff.''' ,'''Anyone who knows me or my past knows that I never walk away from a fight.''' ,'''We're doing Circle of Snakes, we open up with Skin Carver and we are throwing in Skull Forest later on.''' ,'''While I am here, I want to maximize my time on this planet, you know.''' ,'''Sometimes on a tour bus, we watch comedy when it's slow.''' ,'''Whether I'm doing music or I'm walking down the street or I'm in a record store buying a record or I walk into a comic store and I'm buying comics or having a drink with my friends, it's the same me.''' ,'''We probably put about four or five comic books out a year and probably about two or three art books and various trade paperbacks - maybe four or five of those a year - and that's what we do now.''' ,'''Some of the best sing-along stuff you'll ever hear is Gary Glitter.''' ,'''It's annoying when someone's in front of you driving ten miles an hour, and you're like, 'Okay, today,' and someone else is on the side of you, so you can't pass them, and when you finally do pass them and they are texting, the laser cannons just come out and disintegrate that car.''' ,'''It's not like that anymore really, but back in the day, nobody would let the Misfits open up for them, not the Ramones, not the Cramps, nobody.''' ,'''I'm a workaholic, and so I've always got to be doing stuff.''' ,'''I have an old Shelby '68 Mustang that I don't drive.''' ,'''We're one of the only bands that get censored for theological commentary.''' ,'''My attitude with covers is, make it your own or else leave it alone.''' ,'''When I write, I write the drum beat. Though sometimes I write on piano or guitar.''' ,'''I don't even listen to music on the road, and if I did, it would be classical or whatever, something to chill me out.''' ,'''Diet is really important, and I think vitamins are really important, also.''' ,'''But unfortunately, I have to say, one out of every 100 interviews I do, I get a real journalist.''' ,'''No trick or treaters came to my house for Halloween. For some reason, people around here are scared of me.''' ,'''A long time ago, Prince said that no musician is ever gonna make money off the Internet, and he was right.''' ,'''I was bringing my attitude as a regular person 'cause this is my attitude.''' ,'''So writing a song is much harder than doing a classical piece for me, because in a classical piece, I can just let the mood dictate what's going to happen.''' ,'''I'm lucky that I can stay busy and people are interested in what I do. I have fantastic people that are into whatever I do, which is great. I try to keep myself happy and them happy.''' ,'''Of course, I started really being a comics fan with the underground stuff in the '70s.''' ,'''I love giving the energy and getting the energy back. There is nothing like it.''' ,'''I wish the Libertarian Party would get more play in the media but they don't.''' ,'''The most rebelliousness I see now is coming out of WikiLeaks and D.C. Leaks and BlackListed News.''' ,]
+++