+++
author = "Karolina Pliskova"
title = "Karolina Pliskova Quotes"
quotes_len = "54"
description = "the best 54 Karolina Pliskova Quotes"
keywords = "karolina pliskova,karolina pliskova quotes,karolina pliskova quote,karolina pliskova sayings,karolina pliskova saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's not only about a game and tennis, but it's more about the mental things sometimes.''' ,'''Maybe America hates me.''' ,'''That's why I won: because I believed I had a chance.''' ,'''My movement actually is the worst part of the game but still improving.''' ,'''Nobody's feeling, after 10 days of playing every day, 100 per cent ready or fit.''' ,'''It is definitely an advantage to have someone on tour with you for company.''' ,'''My serve is my biggest weapon.''' ,'''When you get to a tournament, everybody wants to do well, especially against a seeded player.''' ,'''It's just special to have a twin sister on the Tour.''' ,'''I feel confident, especially about beating good players.''' ,'''I don't put myself under huge pressure because if I don't play well at one grand slam, I know there's another one just a couple of months away.''' ,'''Obviously I need a coach, but it's not the main thing in my team. I can play good even without a coach.''' ,'''Sometimes I play good shots, good rallies, and then there is hundreds of mistakes and not a good shot.''' ,'''I don't watch shows. I watch a lot of sports. Not soccer. I hate soccer.''' ,'''Almost every Grand Slam, I'm in second week, which is pretty positive for me.''' ,'''Every year, I have a tournament in Czech Republic, so there are a lot of things I'm trying to do. Sometimes the money goes towards children; sometimes it's for wheelchair tennis players. I try to change it so everybody gets something.''' ,'''I'm not studious at all. I'm really far from that. I have been better at everything else. I find school terribly tiresome and boring.''' ,'''I'm an introvert and phlegmatic, so I don't show my joy.''' ,'''I feel like my serve is a little bit better with each match.''' ,'''Those are the titles you play for, so I'd like to have a Grand Slam title in my life, and I'll do my best to do it.''' ,'''Sometimes I just put some first serve in, which, on break points, it's pretty important.''' ,'''It's good to have someone on the tour so close to you - I mean, like, my sister. There is no one closer to me on the tour, so I don't need any other friends than her. We always talk about everything; not only about tennis, but about all the other stuff around tennis.''' ,'''Before, I was a little bit skeptical about women coaching, because I don't know if maybe they are different, and not every woman can be strict to take the best out of you. I was worried about this, but so far I see that some women can be much stronger than men, actually.''' ,'''Obviously, to win title, go in Grand Slam semi-final, is always super positive and good.''' ,'''Serena is tough to beat; to get over her in the rankings is hard.''' ,'''I think there are still better players than me.''' ,'''If you believe in yourself, you can beat anyone.''' ,'''I like Italian food.''' ,'''I have a different game than most of the players.''' ,'''I know all the opponents are behind me, so I should win every match, which is tough.''' ,'''Our dad used to take us fishing, and I still love it.''' ,'''The main thing for me was when I won my first title in Kuala Lumpur. That was the biggest step that I made. I made the Top 100, and I've stayed there ever since.''' ,'''I don't think there is any player who has everything coming easy, you know?''' ,'''Sometimes players can have some ups-and-downs after they have done well and then lose a few matches in a row.''' ,'''Normally, my goal is to get past the first round, because that's the hardest.''' ,'''It's not great to look up and your sister is down 3-0. But you have to look; it's my sister.''' ,'''My serve - it's really important for me.''' ,'''Brisbane is my favourite tournament... I have great memories here and always like to start the year here.''' ,'''I know the world is mean, that there is so much suffering on the planet that none of us can imagine. I often think of those who have nothing, who have to suffer every day, so a winner, a game, set, match will never give me immense joy, only satisfaction.''' ,'''When you lose, it's always tough to see the positive things.''' ,'''If I serve good and play aggressive from the baseline, I can beat everyone.''' ,'''When I'm on court, I just worry about my half. Whatever is on the other half, I just don't care.''' ,'''Me, I don't want to put the pressure on myself.''' ,'''Tennis is a big thing in the Czech Republic.''' ,'''To beat Serena, she's world No. 1, so it's always tough to beat someone like this. She's never giving up. Even if she's losing, not playing her best, it's always tough to beat girls like this.''' ,'''The village where my father lives is, like, 300 people.''' ,'''You can see, even the best players, they can lose in the first round.''' ,'''It's tough to say this, but sometimes it's better if you are losing because then you don't expect anything.''' ,'''Obviously it's very hard for everybody to be successful in the Grand Slams, so that's why some of the players, they lose, and they should not lose.''' ,'''It's a plus to have a twin sister in the same tournaments.''' ,'''My father used to play ice hockey, though not at a high level, and my mother wasn't involved in sport at all, but they were keen that we played some sort of sport. They chose tennis because they thought it was a good sport for girls to play.''' ,'''I'm always so hard on myself.''' ,'''I just want to play well, and I want to win.''' ,'''Not seeded players, they always want to do well.''' ,]
+++