+++
author = "Rochelle Aytes"
title = "Rochelle Aytes Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Rochelle Aytes Quotes"
keywords = "rochelle aytes,rochelle aytes quotes,rochelle aytes quote,rochelle aytes sayings,rochelle aytes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think the serious roles impact people the most.''' ,'''People start talking about you and spreading false information, and it can really affect your spirit. So faith is very important to me.''' ,'''I have the best agent, manager, publicist, acting coach, and lawyer. Without them, I wouldn't have the opportunities that I've had.''' ,'''I would love to be on Broadway. I would love to do a three-month run, similar to how celebrities do a three-month run on 'Chicago.' Something like that would be awesome. So, I'm putting it out there.''' ,'''My first big break was 'White Chicks.' I had only been acting for about two years and I certainly didn't feel like I was ready for such an opportunity. It could only be the hand of God blessing me. I accept everything I'm given with great appreciation.''' ,'''I remember being very young and going to AA meetings with my father in Brooklyn. I thought it was fun because they served hot chocolate and cookies.''' ,'''I was so lucky and blessed to have gotten 'White Chicks' so early into my career.''' ,'''Thank God for television. I've been able to consistently work in television even when people say, 'Oh my God, I haven't seen you since this film or that project.' At least I'm working. It's very difficult to get that next movie role. I'm grateful to have the television world accept me.''' ,'''First and foremost, I enjoy working. I'm not at that level where I can pick and choose anything. When I get hired, I take it, and I'm like, 'Let's go!'''' ,'''I don't want to look exactly the same in everything I do. And if I'm not identifiable, then that can be a blessing or a curse. But I'm fine with it. Because at the end of the day, I'm still working, and I'm enjoying what I do.''' ,''''Mistresses' is about the lives of four women, each going through different versions of infidelity. Their longtime friendship is what gets them through extremely challenging times.''' ,]
+++