+++
author = "Hildur Gudnadottir"
title = "Hildur Gudnadottir Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Hildur Gudnadottir Quotes"
keywords = "hildur gudnadottir,hildur gudnadottir quotes,hildur gudnadottir quote,hildur gudnadottir sayings,hildur gudnadottir saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My mother was an opera singer and my father is a clarinet player, composer and conductor.''' ,'''There's been a tendency to think that TV music has to be cheap and fast and for films it has to be nothing but orchestral music, but it's not right.''' ,'''I'm Icelandic. We're all so dramatic.''' ,'''Chase scenes normally just have to be exciting and, you know, not a lot of emotion you need to go through. It's just about getting from A to B with as much excitement as you can.''' ,'''I view music mostly as communication, so when I record, I'm communicating to the listener in the future.''' ,'''There are a lot of classical musicians in my family, so I grew up with that being kind of normal.''' ,'''Because in both TV and film every story under the sun is being told, and so music shouldn't be restricted to have to follow, like, the John Williams template or something. I love John Williams, but that sound doesn't suit every story.''' ,'''I come home from work and I have a six-year-old I have to cook for, so to be completely honest with you I mostly listen to, well, Justin Bieber.''' ,'''There's a lot of electronic surround-sound music, and I've done a lot of work where I write music for other people to move around a space.''' ,'''I think as you have a more diverse group of people working in the industry, you automatically have more diverse storytelling. That's definitely to be celebrated for sure.''' ,'''Joker' is, of course, a character of my generation grew up with, and it's a character you know really well and have strong opinions about. He's been a larger-than-life character in fiction. He's one of these rare characters that have had such strong performances.''' ,'''A lot of my music is kind of contemplative, and somehow that always tends to tilt on the darker side. My inner conversation is apparently quite dark.''' ,'''Music is a very physical experience, and I need to understand things physically to be able to create the narrative for them.''' ,'''You know, I don't like talking about music very much. I have quite the hard time explaining myself.''' ,'''I don't really like to work with a large team and assistants, because then I lose so much time explaining things, which I don't like.''' ,'''Singing is something that I have done all my life, but what I did on my first two records was to hide the vocals. They're there to thicken the web of the cello.''' ,'''My solo music started as a way to really look inwards, and to spend time completely by myself with an instrument, without any outside dialogue.''' ,'''It's like an electroacoustic, surround-sound cello gamba. It embodies everything that fascinates me the most - acoustics, playing instruments, digital processing, movement of sound. Somehow, everything is combined in Ómar.''' ,]
+++