+++
author = "Jim Sarbh"
title = "Jim Sarbh Quotes"
quotes_len = "67"
description = "the best 67 Jim Sarbh Quotes"
keywords = "jim sarbh,jim sarbh quotes,jim sarbh quote,jim sarbh sayings,jim sarbh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When a film does well, everyone is usually happy and grateful, but for me, the impression the film leaves upon my mind is created during the process of filming; my memories are not a reflection of critics' reviews and box office figures.''' ,'''I heard that Sanjay Leela Bhansali has an eye for detail, and it shows in his work, but seeing it firsthand is a powerful experience.''' ,'''The Rotterdam Film Festival really makes you feel like part of a film family.''' ,'''One must say no to some opportunities to open the possibilities of others.''' ,'''Be it films or shows or plays, it's the content that matters the most.''' ,'''It is important for an actor to play different roles.''' ,'''I do have carbon footprints because of travel, but apart from that, I am simple guy.''' ,''''Flip' is an anthology of four short films, and I am in the one called 'Massage,' along with Sandeepa Dhar and Viraj Patel.''' ,'''Acting is acting, regardless of the medium.''' ,'''It's harder to scream at someone you just chatted with at lunch. I mean, if you're a superb actor, you might be able to do that, but I couldn't do it.''' ,'''I have done one or two plays in New York briefly.''' ,'''I am not interested in one-sided characters.''' ,'''I started to view theatre like a spiritual experience. You're on stage saying somebody else's lines, but you're saying them with full commitment of being that person.''' ,'''I am interested in seeing 'Mard Ko Dard Nahi Hota' by Vasan Bala, so I would like to work with him, and I also would like to work with Vikram Aditya Motwani, Abhishek Chaubey, Vishal Bhardwaj, and Kabir Khan.''' ,'''If I see that everything the director does is motivated by trying to achieve the best, I can accept anything.''' ,'''I don't believe in the separation between mankind and nature. Mankind is nature.''' ,'''I am an eco-friendly person and a vegetarian.''' ,'''Memorizing the song and singing it are two different things.''' ,'''Your whole life doesn't have to be one long, smart monologue.''' ,'''I have a car, but I don't use it very much - only when I go for my shoots - so the carbon footprint is tiny.''' ,'''I don't really know or care about trends.''' ,'''Discovery Channel's 'Planet Healers' will provide a look into how businesses can exist for more than just making profits, how they can help create a better and sustainable future.''' ,'''I did plays because I liked plays. I studied psychology because I was fascinated by the subject, and I hope to keep doing films because I love the medium.''' ,'''As you know, before entering the glamorous world of Bollywood, I was into theatre, where I played varied roles, from a lover boy to a servant.''' ,''''Neerja' is such a solid film. Everything about the film has substance, be it sound, writing, story, background scores, or direction.''' ,'''I am not a major jet-setter; I am a simple man who likes to be on a good beach, have a little swim, and play beach football.''' ,'''Sometimes, even when you aren't shooting, 25 percent of your brain is still with your character.''' ,'''If I was lying on the side of the mountain, dying, would I have any regrets? Yeah. I would regret not making films.''' ,'''If the role is complicating and challenging enough for me to push me out of my comfort zone, then I get very excited.''' ,'''I've been doing theatre for years, but film acting has broadened my horizon.''' ,'''For me, India symbolises a big fire and a big river.''' ,'''I trekked in the Himalayas, walked up to the Gangotri, and lived in an ashram.''' ,'''I am a little bored of playing negative characters.''' ,'''What I play on screen doesn't bother me.''' ,'''I like going with the flow.''' ,'''I appreciate being known as 'best character' rather than as the 'best bad guy.'''' ,'''I would love to work with anybody who has a good story to tell - Patrick Graham, Vikramaditya Motwane, Anurag Kashyap, Neeraj Ghaywan, Coen Brothers, Wes Anderson. I don't know why I was not considered for that Indian guy's part in 'The Grand Budapest Hotel.'''' ,'''Any actor who says that they don't want the attention, and that they're tired of all the interviews and photoshoots, are just pretending.''' ,'''When you are not successful, nobody listens to you.''' ,'''I try to conserve water and avoid plastic as much as I can.''' ,'''I acted all through school and college.''' ,'''In 'Jonaki,' it isn't about the individual actor. The actor is as important as the wall, or the water flowing down the wall, or a shadow. That kind of acting is also fascinating to me, not to be invisible necessarily, but to be in perfect synchronicity with the environment.''' ,'''In 'Padmaavat,' you are pushed to be as good as the frame, to have a presence that lives up to the grand, operatic, intricate, beautiful frame that you inhabit. I love trying to rise to that.''' ,'''I don't really understand this negative or positive role thing. A role is a role.''' ,'''It occurred to me that actors are selfish, and they think that the world revolves around them. For one year, I quit, and I went to an ashram in Bihar and went to Himalayas backpacking.''' ,'''I've been doing plays ever since school. There's never really been a stop to it.''' ,'''I'm just glad to be part of groovy films.''' ,'''Ideally, for me, the power of appreciation lies in getting better roles and being given more responsibility as an actor.''' ,'''I'm really a nice guy!''' ,'''It's nice to get compliments from both girls and guys.''' ,'''There is serious Islamophobia in the world.''' ,'''I think that's the magic of any part - unravelling the mystery of what kind of person your guy is based on the words he says and the actions that he does.''' ,'''You have to do all kinds of things like voice-overs, corporate gigs, and edit videos to support yourself.''' ,'''I am quite an animal and nature lover.''' ,'''Ranveer is a great co-actor. He is extremely reactive and extremely responsive. He is a pleasure to work with.''' ,'''Strangely, or maybe not so strangely, a lot of the roles that I am offered are of Muslim characters, maybe because I looked a certain way in 'Neerja.' But I am actually Parsi.''' ,'''I just do what I get cast in.''' ,'''I really enjoyed working with Ranveer Singh.''' ,'''I am really tired of playing characters who don't care about people.''' ,'''In 'Raabta' I've two personalities to project, and yes, there are distinct shades of grey.''' ,'''I was afraid that I'd be typecast as the token firang. That happened initially. Now, I am acting in 'Noises Off' and 'Menagerie,' where all of us are playing British and American characters. That makes me feel better.''' ,'''An interesting life could always use a little seduction, confidence, ambition, and danger.''' ,''''Absolute Water' converts sewage water into water which can be even consumed - if only one can get rid of the taboo of drinking sewage water, which they do in many parts of the world!''' ,'''My father was the captain of a cargo ship. When I was about two years old, we used to sail with him. The crew of his ship would dress me up in fancy dress and make me dance for them. I was a performing monkey!''' ,'''If you are being interviewed, just be polite, have fun.''' ,'''In theatre, I get comedy or nice lead roles. I don't understand a grey or negative role.''' ,'''It feels good to be able to work with a director and actors I've admired.''' ,]
+++