+++
author = "Domhnall Gleeson"
title = "Domhnall Gleeson Quotes"
quotes_len = "74"
description = "the best 74 Domhnall Gleeson Quotes"
keywords = "domhnall gleeson,domhnall gleeson quotes,domhnall gleeson quote,domhnall gleeson sayings,domhnall gleeson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I worked with the Coen brothers, which had been a dream of mine.''' ,'''I was in 'Harry Potter,' and nobody on the street recognizes me from that. Nobody on the street has ever stopped me from 'Harry Potter!'''' ,'''The whole idea with acting is that you take some risks. And if you take some risks, you're really going to mess up sometimes. But it's not OK to mess up a movie; it's not OK to do that just so you can improve as an actor. But film-making takes a little bit of risk in every department.''' ,'''In 'Cavalry,' I had one scene where I was playing a pretty awful character.''' ,'''It was when I was on stage that I realized that acting could be such a brilliant job.''' ,'''Look at Cillian Murphy: 'Batman,' 'Tron'... those are some heavy-hitting franchises. But he works his way around it. He manages to have a great career and a great life.''' ,'''There is something wonderful about turning up every day and knowing that not just the character but the whole movie kind of rests on your shoulders. And there's great satisfaction when you think it's going well and then real terror when you think it's not.''' ,'''I'm not going to get better as an actor working on bad stuff.''' ,'''I like films that are gritty and hard-hitting and suspenseful. Thrillers, too.''' ,'''Has anybody seen 'The Notebook' and not cried? I don't know, I don't know if that's the case. It sort of hangs around for a while.''' ,'''Conventionally handsome is not really where I'm at.''' ,'''It's hard to get people up and out to shows, but 'The Walworth Farce' has masses of energy and will attract a crowd who don't always come to the theatre, which is great.''' ,'''When I was younger, my father told me not to pigeonhole the way that I perceive myself.''' ,'''There's so many good comic actors that you just take the best of and try and run with it yourself. Try and bring a little bit of yourself to it, too.''' ,'''I like Philip Larkin an awful lot; I really like his view on life, and I really connect to it.''' ,'''I think everybody's got their insecurities and hang-ups. Everybody! Unless you're an idiot.''' ,'''The rom-com genre is not something that necessarily lights my jets.''' ,'''Everyone talks about how we're on our phones all the time, but the fact remains that when I'm away on a film set for two months, I can Skype my family. I remember the phone calls my parents had to make when my dad was away for a while when I was younger - that once-a-week expensive phone call! The time pressure on talking to your father!''' ,'''I did like 'Star Wars' when I was a kid. I saw the prequels first; I didn't see the full original films first all the way through.''' ,'''The Coen brothers are amazing; they're special.''' ,''''Pale Fire' by Vladimir Nabokov was bloody hard work but really thrilling.''' ,'''Though rom-coms aren't necessarily my cup of tea, I was a huge fan of 'Notting Hill.'''' ,'''I tend to play 'tortured' a lot, whether it's physically or emotionally.''' ,'''I'm pleased to say I grew up in a happy family in Dublin. I feel we're very close.''' ,'''Really, all I worry about is the work in hand.''' ,'''I like cashew nuts.''' ,'''Portraying as human the people you hear about on the news doing bad things is dangerous. But it's also necessary and important.''' ,'''It's nice to sit down when you're not working. I try to do it as often as possible.''' ,'''Yeah, yeah, yeah, time travel's a nightmare. Don't go down that path.''' ,'''The Olympia was a really special place for me as a kid. I saw Dad perform there so many times, so it means a lot.''' ,'''I do feel a wave come over me when I hear those two words, 'Star' and 'Wars,' said together. I feel tense, shut up, and stare into the middle distance.''' ,'''I'd seen my dad on stage, and that was fine, but the real excitement was - that was my dad. Even now, when I see his films, he's always my favourite person in the movie.''' ,'''I'm a little bit drifty. I'm a little bit all over the place.''' ,'''Most of the time, I do what I'm offered, but after I worked for it. I think I try much harder for the things that scare me and inspire me. The things that scare and inspire you are things that are different from what you did before.''' ,'''The worst thing as an actor is when you're not getting opportunities to try and show what you can do; the best thing is when you get material that really lets you express something and that you're excited about.''' ,'''Though rom-coms aren't necessarily my cup of tea, I was a huge fan of 'Notting Hill.' I laughed a lot, and the romance got to me.''' ,''''Black Mirror,' I read that, and I had another offer for a movie at the same time that was a bigger movie, an actual film as opposed to TV, but I said, 'No, it has to be Black Mirror.' And it hadn't been sold to Netflix, hadn't gone abroad at that point - but it's just good work - that's all there is to it.''' ,'''I got to work with Cillian Murphy and my dad, Jim Broadbent and Jodie Whittaker on 'Perrier's Bounty.' It was a small part, but it was really special.''' ,'''My mum and my dad have really good taste in movies. My gran would tape them off the TV and write notes about them, rating them.''' ,'''When you work with actors, what you're hoping to absorb is good ways to be an actor as opposed to how to handle being famous.''' ,''''Punch-Drunk Love' is my favorite movie.''' ,'''I did 'Never Let Me Go,' and there were amazing people on that. Brilliant writer, director, cast. That was quite special.''' ,'''I get asked to give stuff to my dad. I'm, like, 'I'm not gonna pass your script to him!' You know? My dad's my dad. I'm not his agent.''' ,'''Often times, I just do a job and tell my agents, 'I'm in lockdown now.' I won't talk to anybody about anything else in the meantime, and I think that's generally the way to go because I also like to have a gap in between jobs.''' ,'''My dad said, 'If no one was giving me acting work, I'd have to be prepared to create it myself.'''' ,'''Just because I'm doing 'Star Wars' doesn't mean that'll be the thing that makes people stop me in the street.''' ,'''I'm certainly a young actor. I'm certainly those two things. Actually, I'm not even young anymore; I'm 29. So, I'm an actor.''' ,'''I don't go to premieres I'm not involved in.''' ,'''Life is difficult for everyone; everyone has bad days. Everyone has trouble in their life, because it doesn't matter how rich you are: Sickness and trouble and worry and love, these things will mess with you at every level of life.''' ,'''I find looking forward scary because you might die.''' ,'''I'd been very certain about not wanting to do the acting thing because of my father. I thought I'd always have the father-son thing of 'He got you the part.'''' ,'''As an actor, there's very little you can do if people don't want to see you. Just getting yourself into the room to audition is tough.''' ,'''I've been interested in the writing/directing thing and really fell into acting by complete accident.''' ,'''Every actor is like, 'I could direct!'''' ,'''Doesn't matter if I'm right or wrong - if I'm hungry or hot, I'm probably arguing with someone about something. Especially if that someone is rude.''' ,'''No one can give me advice on 'Star Wars' because nobody knows what I'm doing in 'Star Wars.'''' ,'''Going home, spending time with the family, I feel they're my friends as well, all of them. I look forward to meeting any one of them for a coffee, and when we all get together, I just love it.''' ,'''I'm not built like a leading man.''' ,'''I stand to learn more working as an actor with really talented people than I do by directing a feature.''' ,'''I'm a pessimist by nature, so it's always the worst things that come to mind first whenever you make a decision or have a decision to make.''' ,'''Normally, in a film with lots of twists and turns, half of them don't make sense; they're just there for their own sakes.''' ,'''I got very lucky with 'Harry Potter.' I got that role because I'm a ginger! Red hair was my only qualification!''' ,'''Fail again, fail better.''' ,'''I've gotten work based on how I look, and I've not gotten work based on how I look. It's all good.''' ,'''I watched a couple of films I was in and thought, 'Those are pretty close to what we wanted them to be. I feel actually weirdly OK with it all. I can still see flaws in what I'm doing, but I think I delivered. I think I improved the film with my presence.'''' ,'''I'd rather do one day on a really cool movie than six months on something crap.''' ,'''The idea of having dreams that don't come true is really terrifying.''' ,'''I think the whole thing is: If it makes sense in your head, the audience will go along with it.''' ,'''If there's one person in the world with whom a chemistry read is unnecessary, it's Rachel McAdams.''' ,'''Angelina Jolie is just an extremely talented, generous, nice person to be around and to work with.''' ,'''My father is just getting better and better, and that speaks so well of the way he approaches the work.''' ,'''I'm pretty lowbrow. It's a failing.''' ,''''Star Wars' is different to anything I've done before.''' ,'''Two things are always happening in acting. On the one hand, it's a team sport. We're all pulling together. But on the other, you have to look after your own character. Guard their interests.''' ,]
+++