+++
author = "Jacqueline Macinnes Wood"
title = "Jacqueline Macinnes Wood Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Jacqueline Macinnes Wood Quotes"
keywords = "jacqueline macinnes wood,jacqueline macinnes wood quotes,jacqueline macinnes wood quote,jacqueline macinnes wood sayings,jacqueline macinnes wood saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like to have a balance. Obviously I go out with my friends, but I love to just stay at home and read and hang out. I'm really good at just lounging and being relaxed. And then I love to stay active as well.''' ,'''We are all human beings, and we all have insecurities, but it's about being healthy and happy with yourself. I'm not perfect, and I will indulge in pizza and sweets on occasion. The goal is to make the majority of your decisions good for your body. So listen to your body, and treat it like your temple.''' ,'''As I get older, the things that I want are starting to make more sense. Being able to travel makes me happy, and I am a person that lives in the moment. I also want to live a good life. Traveling makes everyday issues seem so much smaller and really changes my perspective on things.''' ,'''I would like to do comedy. I can be a bit of a Jim Carrey. I was always the class clown.''' ,'''I love Toronto, It's the best city.''' ,'''Don't be afraid to be awesome. Sometimes being weird and different is good. When you think you're working hard, there is always someone else working harder, so always be yourself and know your stuff.''' ,'''I tend to pack light but still keep a large bag because I love to shop. For each destination I travel to, I like to buy something that the country or city is known for such as olive oil, truffle, jewelry, etc. I also like to buy perfumes because the smell brings me back to the memory of my travels.''' ,'''If you eat like crap all the time, quite frankly, you're going to feel like crap.''' ,'''I'm a big horror fan, but I don't enjoy a lot of gore and watching somebody cut their leg off for five hours. I like the older movies where it draws you into the suspense, that sort of shock and awe.''' ,'''I'm a fighter, so when someone says 'no' to me, I try to figure out what I need to adjust to hear the yes.''' ,'''I was lucky to book a show pretty quickly after getting to L.A., but I struggled getting started in Vancouver. If I had gotten those earlier roles in Vancouver, I wouldn't have gone to L.A. to get the show that launched my career.''' ,]
+++