+++
author = "Mary Gauthier"
title = "Mary Gauthier Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mary Gauthier Quotes"
keywords = "mary gauthier,mary gauthier quotes,mary gauthier quote,mary gauthier sayings,mary gauthier saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I learn something every time I go to work with a veteran. Every single time.''' ,'''Ultimately, what I want is for my songs to outlive me: I want my songs to keep being played even after I'm gone.''' ,'''I don't know who my dad is.''' ,'''I teach songwriting a lot, and I always tell my students, 'You gotta write the little songs sometimes to get to the next big song in the chute.' You gotta write 'em to get to it. You never know what's going to be a little song or a big song.''' ,'''I haven't been in the military, but I've known my share of pain. It allows me to sit with someone who's struggling and not be afraid.''' ,'''A lot of songwriters have written about soldiers and war, but very few have written with them.''' ,'''I think I'll always draw from being a person that doesn't know how to have a normal life, whatever a normal life is.''' ,'''Songs are here to help us: they build bridges from heart to heart.''' ,'''I got interviewed by one writer who started with the line, 'Mary Gauthier is a woman who clearly doesn't care how she looks.' I do too. It's just that I'm not very good at it.''' ,'''If I write for beauty and truth, the songs will find their way to me. Then, it's the songs that speak to the audience, and they can become part of the tribe that is into what I do.''' ,'''I always knew I was going to make a record called 'The Foundling.' Since I picked up a guitar, I knew it.''' ,'''Songs bring us into connection with each other. When they resonate, when we're in resonance, singing together, we become one for that 3 1/2 or four minutes the song lasts. It takes away that isolated loneliness that modern life is so full of.''' ,'''Fundamentally, our job as songwriters is to sit down and listen.''' ,'''I would make a terrible soldier, because I don't follow orders.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Lou Reed, and I do a lot of talking through songs. It's more effective with my vocal limitations and also more powerful to slightly sing sometimes. It depends on the emotion, but I'm never going to try to compete with great singers.''' ,'''I've learned our soldiers are so much like everybody else. They're just put into an extreme situation.''' ,'''I think it's a stereotype that soldiers don't talk, because my experience is that they will talk if they are met with empathy and no judgment.''' ,'''I try not to eat cakes, but sugar screams my name.''' ,'''War is hell. Sending young people to conflicts that are unwinnable and unresolvable - it puts them in a position where they're going to suffer. And yet their experience is that they're proud of their service, and they should be. Service freely rendered is a noble thing.''' ,'''In my early years, I couldn't find a community. I couldn't find anybody like me. I felt so isolated. There was nothing but shame and loneliness.''' ,'''I think music is the highest form of healing.''' ,'''A lot of time, if you spend too much time in Nashville, songwriters get caught up in charts and numbers and the music business politics.''' ,'''Once I got my life sorted and started to get healthy, then I was able to focus on writing.''' ,'''Melody's like tweezers that go into the infection and pull out the wounded part. You can almost not stay silent in the face of a melody that matches your emotion. You feel seen.''' ,'''I got sober at 27 and started writing around 30 and started playing music in public around 32, 33.''' ,'''Music and books, I think, were the two things I trusted the most as a child - songs and books.''' ,'''When I first got sober, I hadn't read anything for six or seven years. I didn't have even that much focus.''' ,'''What I've found at 48 years old is that there's nothing about me that's unique.''' ,'''I'm openly gay, and I've got a major label record deal in Nashville, and it happened when I was 42 years old. It's not supposed to happen that way.''' ,'''I have got my story. Adoptees rarely get our stories. We only know what we are told. I don't even have my story, really. My mother won't tell me. She won't tell me who my father is. She won't tell me the story of my birth.''' ,'''In a lot of ways, songwriting helped save my life.''' ,'''When I became a songwriter, it was out of some sort of desperation. I needed to create something. I had to latch on to something, and the guitar was what I grabbed.''' ,'''I don't ever want to tie a song in a little bow. Life doesn't work that way, and war doesn't ever work that way.''' ,'''I don't have the experience of being in a war.''' ,'''I got issues. Boy, have I got issues.''' ,'''What I'm finding is there's an awful lot about adoption and relinquishment and the complicated nature of family that we, as human beings, haven't been able to have a real discussion about yet without a lot of censorship.''' ,'''There's a lot of vulnerability in songs - I'm not talking about pop songs - from people that are in the art of songwriting more than the commercial enterprise of it.''' ,'''What matters is what happens in the soul of an artist when you're playing.''' ,'''If somebody in a family is in service, the whole family is in service. I didn't know that. I didn't know our veterans were being deployed seven, eight, nine, 10 times. It's inhumane.''' ,'''There's an ocean of misunderstanding. It's called the civilian-military divide. I had a lot to learn about our military - who they are, what burdens they carry.''' ,'''People who have been through trauma, their souls are hurting.''' ,'''I knew I had that Cajun heritage, that Acadian heritage; I just feel it. And my gut says Irish on the other side. Irish and French, that's what I feel. When you're young, it doesn't matter so much, but as you get older, I would suspect part of the ageing process is to wonder about your ancestors - who were they? What were their lives like?''' ,'''People in Ireland take in the whole song. After a long history of great singers and songwriters and poets, they are able to consume the entire song - not just the external; they go inside.''' ,'''Soldiers are trained not to be vulnerable, but when they come home, they've got to learn it.''' ,'''I long for real and true connection. It has been the theme of all the songs in my whole life.''' ,'''I felt my whole life like I didn't have a family, and I needed one. So I had to build one, and you build one with faith, hope, and the healing power of love - or you end up the 'Unabomber.' That's the choice.''' ,'''My experience is that the universal is the personal. If you can get past your navel-gazing into the deepest part of yourself as a writer, you find everyone - we're all there.''' ,'''I've always been drawn to the hard story, the trauma, because I think art can turn it around.''' ,'''I did not know that if a member of a family serves, the whole family serves. I did not know that the spouses of our service members carry such a heavy load.''' ,'''I love SongwritingWith:Soldiers.''' ,'''I have such a good life. It's something I couldn't have imagined in my wildest dreams.''' ,'''As a songwriter, I was always mining my own depths, which were filled with confusion and darkness.''' ,'''The belief when your mother gives you away is that there's something deeply wrong. Mothers don't give babies away. There's something wrong with me, something unlovable, something seriously flawed in me. It's a fundamental thing; it's precognitive. You feel it rather than think it. How could you not?''' ,'''I write to make some sense of things that confuse me. The mechanics of my own heart are the most confusing I know about - and don't know about - and other people's are a bit confusing, too.''' ,'''I think if people really listened to what our families who serve go through, we could have a realistic discussion of what it means to send young people to war.''' ,'''I was in the orphanage in New Orleans until I was almost a year old. I don't think I ever got held by my mama, so that was completely and utterly traumatic. I think it was trauma from the first breath, and I think I've spent my whole life trying to heal from that trauma. So it shaped my brain.''' ,'''Art, when done well, creates empathy.''' ,'''I think Bob Dylan showed us that songs can rise to the level of literature, and he proved it over and over again. That's why they keep trying to get him a Nobel Prize for literature: because there is no Nobel Prize for songwriting.''' ,'''There's a universal inside of me. So if I tell my story, you're going to see parts of your story in it. I don't know which parts, but we all overlap. We're all very much alike.''' ,'''I've got lots of problems. Being gay isn't one of them.''' ,'''Music had always been a kind of anchor for me. But I didn't write my first song till I was 35.''' ,'''I did not know that the wounds of war are often invisible.''' ,'''I'm an old-fashioned folk singer. I stand in front of an audience with a guitar and a barstool.''' ,'''I don't play everything I write. I mean, everything I write is not that good. I bring out into the world the ones I think that are really worthy of an audience's attention.''' ,'''I feel as though I came to music with something to say. It wasn't like that when I was younger. I didn't have the ability to articulate what it was I wanted to say.''' ,'''When you see validation for a life's work and dedication, it's a beautiful day.''' ,'''I keep seeing the headline on articles that says something like 'Mary Gauthier Helping Our Veterans.' It's troubling - and it's condescending. Whatever I'm doing as a songwriter to help them tell their stories, they're giving it back to me double, triple, quadruple.''' ,'''If I start tracing, I bet I will find a writer in my family tree.''' ,'''Songs have been my greatest teachers and continue to be really important in my life.''' ,'''A lot of times, a bunch of songs have to be written to get to the next really good one.''' ,'''I'm grateful to songwriting and recovery to bringing me to a place of peace.''' ,'''We can't see ourselves very clearly. This I learned as a songwriter. I'm forever trying to figure out what my own truth is.''' ,'''A song is an emotional lightning bolt - a good one, anyway.''' ,'''Songs, especially lyrics, have always been really important to me.''' ,'''What I was told is that I was born to a mother who was a Catholic, while her boyfriend was not. They couldn't get married unless they put me up for adoption.''' ,'''I think having near-death experiences, they sure made me free.''' ,'''By the time I got to songwriting, I had been faced with a lot of troubles as a result of my own collective of trauma. I was someone who instinctively figured out that writing songs about the struggle helps you with the struggle.''' ,'''The job of the artist is to go to the places where most other people are embarrassed to go to. And show it.''' ,'''I'm sort of stuck in adolescence in many ways, like most artists, and march to my own beat.''' ,'''There's such a thing as a tribe - and family of choice.''' ,'''Being in recovery for a lot of years now, I've worked with a lot of people who've gotten sober and sat with a lot of folks who are suffering. Bearing witness is a really underrated thing; it's a big damn deal.''' ,''''I Drink' took me two years to write.''' ,'''I think, because of the kind of writer I am, I can't do it halfway. I can't do it without dedicating my entire life to it. I have to give it a hundred percent.''' ,'''They send women into combat without being prepared for women in combat. The men resented them being there, and it was just very, very difficult for them, and they had to fight for the respect they were earning. And that's all they want is the respect.''' ,'''I guess I find it easier to talk when I have a guitar in front of me.''' ,'''When I finally got sober, I moved towards what I might have been if I hadn't been destroying myself when I was young.''' ,'''I'm a traveler and a vagabond and an observer, and the songs come through that. And that's just the way it's going to be.''' ,'''The world doesn't need any more pretty good songs.''' ,'''I think we're very much in a mystery here in this life and that artists try to pierce the mystery with their art.''' ,'''I don't really write for catharsis; I get that kind of work done in therapy.''' ,'''I've come to terms with the fact that I'll probably be in therapy all of my life.''' ,'''I'm from New Orleans, and I have a French last name - although I have no real relationship with my last name because it's not my name. I don't know my name.''' ,'''Recovery stabilized me; songwriting gave me a purpose.''' ,'''I spent my 18th birthday in jail. Charges were dropped as long as I promised never to return to the state of Kansas. My parents took me home to Louisiana. I lasted there a week. Then I ran away.''' ,'''It can take me many months to write one of my own songs.''' ,'''I think each veteran's soul has something that it needs to say. I know from my own personal traumas, it's very hard to know what that is. But when I'm watching someone else struggle, it's not as confusing for me, 'cause it's not my struggle, so I can help identify that.''' ,'''I came to music and knowing a little bit about life, and I came to music knowing a lot about business - and that's a real advantage. By the time I came to music, I had purchased real estate, opened restaurants, and been in the business world, so the music business didn't blindside me.''' ,'''Creating something beautiful out of pain helps ease the pain. So, that's kind of how I got to songwriting - quite honestly out of desperation.''' ,'''It is a form of arrogance to assume that other people are even thinking about you.''' ,'''What I really like is this salted calamari - with jalapenos on top.''' ,]
+++