+++
author = "Missi Pyle"
title = "Missi Pyle Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Missi Pyle Quotes"
keywords = "missi pyle,missi pyle quotes,missi pyle quote,missi pyle sayings,missi pyle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My family is still very Southern Baptist, and they're religious.''' ,'''I have a very hard time with confrontation in my own life, and I end up being way too nice.''' ,'''I'm really tall - almost six feet - and my features tend to be extreme, especially on TV.''' ,'''My family is not at all involved in television, or film, or theatre, or any of it, really.''' ,'''I really love being a character actor.''' ,'''It's so fun to do theater, because as opposed to television, you just keep doing it again and again and again - every night. Sometimes it lands beautifully, and sometimes it lands just beside of it. It's like throwing a horseshoe. It's great fun.''' ,'''People will go into an audition and a casting situation, and they'll see someone across the room that's perhaps slightly famous, or famous, and they think, 'Oh God, I'm not gonna get the part.'''' ,'''I started performing in high school. There was a pretty great drama department at my school, and that's when I started doing plays and musicals.''' ,'''I find more of an authenticity in people who are a little strange - so I really like characters who are just the tiniest bit weird. I find enormous comfort in that - someone who's kind of normal just doesn't feel as true.''' ,'''I used to audition like crazy - I would go on a hundred before I got anything. It took me a long time to get any jobs at all. It was hard until I booked 'Galaxy Quest,' and then it started to get easier.''' ,'''I feel more comfortable when I'm somebody else, I think. When I'm taking a picture as myself, the whole idea of taking a headshot, to me, feels very false.''' ,'''I grew up in Middle America and I don't think my family was very funny, but I watched 'The Princess Bride.' I always wanted to be an actor. I didn't know anything about it. I'd never seen any plays or anything and I watched that movie over and over and over again.''' ,'''The thing about living in Los Angeles and doing a lot of movies is that you get to go to a lot of premieres, and, regardless of whether or not you're a celebrity, you still get to walk down the red carpet and then have everyone sort of screaming your name. The pictures never get printed anywhere, but they are nonetheless taking your picture.''' ,]
+++