+++
author = "Lil Mosey"
title = "Lil Mosey Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Lil Mosey Quotes"
keywords = "lil mosey,lil mosey quotes,lil mosey quote,lil mosey sayings,lil mosey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One of my main people I look up to is Meek Mill.''' ,'''I don't really sound like a lot of other people.''' ,'''In Atlanta, my mom came and came downstairs and we were talking like behind the crowd. People from the crowd saw me and started running towards me, asking for pictures and stuff. This girl asked for a picture, and after she got it, she passed out.''' ,'''I feel like I created my own sound and style.''' ,'''Every day, it gets harder and harder to even go outside. People start crying and stuff.''' ,'''I started making music when I was in 8th grade. I wasn't worried about school because I was trying to do so many other things.''' ,'''Juice was my bro. He believed in me early and was always genuine. We toured the world together. Some of my favorite memories was just traveling to different cities. Big bro a legend and I'm forever grateful for him giving me the opportunity to tour with him.''' ,'''Whenever I see a piano, I just play on it.''' ,'''My mom wanted me to be like... a doctor, a lawyer. I was with it, being like a lawyer or something, because you make hella money and I wasn't tryna be broke.''' ,'''I'm not from this Earth - I'm from Pluto. I moved to Seattle when I was 2.''' ,'''I just be teaching myself.''' ,'''I try to use a lot of rap elements but my main thing is melodies.''' ,'''Seattle, they like the Bay a lot. They like the Bay area sound, the West Coast sound.''' ,'''After I dropped 'Pull Up,' thats when I started really blowing up.''' ,'''I got my own tour bus and every show has been lit.''' ,'''I want to open businesses, invest in different things, and put more time into modeling and acting.''' ,'''I started remaking songs that were already poppin' - it was easier like that.''' ,'''Everyone's saying I'm hating on Seattle, but they're taking that out of context. What I really meant to say was I'm the only new wave artist to really break out of Seattle.''' ,'''I wouldn't consider myself a mumble rapper, because I don't know what that is. But when I talk, I mumble. So it's in my music because that's how I talk.''' ,'''The first artists i was ever introduced to was Meek Mill and IAmSu!''' ,'''If you're a Freshman, it means you're 'boutta take off or you're at the point where you're already there. Now that I'm a Freshman, I'm gonna keep workin', keep gettin' to the top, keep striving for greatness.''' ,'''There aren't a lot of people from Washington that go crazy so like just to put on for the whole state feels good. Not just Seattle but all the cities and towns that are near there. It feels good to be the one to do that for them.''' ,'''I was just tryna make money. That's why I started making music.''' ,'''Bouncy, jumpin', fun - that's Lil Mosey's sound.''' ,'''Some shows are ages 16 and up, so there'd be like 11-year-old girls just sitting outside the shows for hours.''' ,'''I used to play sports, basketball, football.''' ,'''I'm trying to put on for my city. I'm trying to do what Drake did for Toronto.''' ,'''I chose Interscope because I like the people there and the environment that was there. And the fact that not a lot of people get signed to Interscope.''' ,]
+++