+++
author = "Jason Whitlock"
title = "Jason Whitlock Quotes"
quotes_len = "96"
description = "the best 96 Jason Whitlock Quotes"
keywords = "jason whitlock,jason whitlock quotes,jason whitlock quote,jason whitlock sayings,jason whitlock saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''But at the end of the day, in order for me to reach my full potential, I need an environment that allows me to be me... The executives at Fox Sports get and embrace me. Fox Sports allows me to be real.''' ,'''You can be authentic without being distasteful or disrespectful.''' ,'''Sports culture has long had a major impact on American culture. The values taught and celebrated in sports are conservative.''' ,'''Have I been an entertainer, a provocateur and a humorist? Absolutely.''' ,'''If you engage with the police, filled with fear, you're more likely to make really bad decisions that than provoke them to take action.''' ,'''My dad didn't graduate high school. My mom is a high school graduate. My mom is a factory worker. My dad owned a bar in the inner city.''' ,'''Martin Luther King Jr. was a Southern, conservative minister who believed in the American promise. His dream was patriotic and traditional. Family, work, self-determination and religion comprised his core values.''' ,'''Words matter, particularly when you're writing a story that could significantly damage a person's or an organization's reputation.''' ,'''Coaches don't like lazy, disrespectful, cancerous massive headaches.''' ,'''We've been doing a 40-year end zone celebration of the victories won by our parents and grandparents. We haven't shepherded our history. We haven't taught it so others can learn from it and implement the lessons.''' ,'''In the immediate aftermath of the civil-rights movement, Democrats marketed liberalism to us as fashionable, sophisticated and liberating. Today it needs a surgeon general's warning: hazardous to your family and the values you were taught as a child.''' ,'''I don't own a gun. I'm a pacifist. I am a critic of commercial gangsta rap music. I don't believe you change people or their flawed perspectives from a distance. You open their minds from up close, when they realize you respect and love them.''' ,'''New York and San Francisco are distinctly different. San Francisco is driving the American media, not New York. You have young, microwaved millionaires and billionaires reshaping the American media in a way that reflects San Francisco values.''' ,'''Great wealth creates an arrogance and, to be quite frank, a god complex in some people that they start feeling like they can do no wrong, they own people, they're superior to other people.''' ,'''The worst thing to be in America and anywhere on the planet is poor.''' ,'''God is the embodiment of love and we are a society that seems to be embracing and favoring hate and empowering hate.''' ,'''Seriously, I was the wrong fit at ESPN. Definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.''' ,'''Brady Hoke is an underdog. He has an attitude, a chip. He's self-made. He always has something to prove.''' ,'''I worked in Ann Arbor for two years, covering Michigan football and basketball in the early 1990s.''' ,'''Remember that the NFL was cultivated into prominence by Pete Rozelle, a pro-war conservative. In the 1960s, Rozelle hired a World War II veteran-turned-filmmaker, Ed Sabol, to produce highlights, commercials and documentaries that marketed the sport as patriotic and militaristic.''' ,'''I wanted to leave ESPN when control of 'The Undefeated' was taken from me.''' ,'''Trust is what leads to the best conversations. People take chances and say what they really think when they trust the person they're engaging with.''' ,'''I don't have a beef with Texas. I just don't think Texans know anything about basketball and they don't have a sense of humor. Texans take themselves too seriously.''' ,'''As the lone black host at two different all-sports stations, black callers and listeners dominated my show. Black advertisers did not. The show was financially supported primarily by white businesses, and the largest demographic for listener growth was white males.''' ,'''We won. The media. We destroyed Barry Bonds, drove him crazy, turned the most disciplined and feared hitter the game has ever known into a fence-swinging hack, drained all the excitement out of his 714 home runs.''' ,'''Journalists used to be obsessed with working at a New York magazine or newspaper or TV network. Now the entire industry is obsessed with going viral and how words will be received via social media.''' ,'''What has truly impeded ESPN from overcoming its financial mistakes and inability to adapt to technological advances? The decadelong culture war ESPN lost to Deadspin, a snarky, politically progressive sports blog launched by Gawker's Nick Denton in 2005.''' ,'''Mob rule is dangerous. Well-intentioned, TV-baited mobs are the most dangerous. They do not consider the consequences of their actions, and they're prone to take a simple-minded, instant-gratification approach to justice rather than a strategic one.''' ,'''I eat raw vegetables. But my 30 for 30 documentary better include sit-down interviews with Ronald McDonald, Colonel Sanders and Little Debbie.''' ,'''Dez Bryant isn't Peyton Manning, Tom Brady, Drew Brees or Russell Wilson. Dez Bryant is a typical, me-first NFL receiver diva, cut from the same cloth as Terrell Owens, Chad Johnson, Randy Moss and Keyshawn Johnson, sprinkled with a heavy dash of Pacman Jones.''' ,'''Judge my columns, enjoy my tweets. That's my philosophy.''' ,'''The Colin Kaepernick Kneeling Trojan Horse has turned sports into the victimhood Olympics, the most powerful venue in popular culture to preach critical race excuse-making.''' ,'''It is possible to set your standards too high, which can undermine a man's confidence and ability to perform. Instead of reaching for the stars and settling for the moon, there is considerable evidence that man is better served reaching for a blade of grass and settling for an under-the-table handshake deal.''' ,'''True story: In the spring, my first in K.C., I'd written a series of columns in the Star demanding the Royals front office give fans discounted prices at concession stands as an apology for the 1994 strike. The Royals acquiesced.''' ,'''I didn't brown-nose my way here. I pulled out guns and shot my way here. So people don't mind shooting back. If I'd gotten here brown-nosing and playing all the political games, I'd probably be treated differently.''' ,'''ESPN is the exact network Deadspin desired. It's diverse on its surface, progressive in its point of view, and more concerned with spinning media narratives than with the quality of its product.''' ,'''With the pervasive popularity of rap music and a black man sitting in the White House, there's no reason to pretend the NBA has been handicapped by the blackness of basketball.''' ,'''Far-left political ideologues want to reshape sports culture to their liking.''' ,'''I apologize for being the voice of reason here, but this sports fan has almost zero interest in seeing women dunk a basketball. It's a nice little novelty act that has a very short life span.''' ,'''Steve Fisher did not like me at all. I was hyper-critical of him. I didn't think he was much of a coach. He just kind of rolled the ball out there and I was pretty outspoken about that. Steve Fisher and I didn't get along at all.''' ,'''I personally love Brady Hoke. He played football at Ball State a decade before me. He was the third-leading tackler on one of the greatest Ball State teams in history.''' ,'''We have grown comfortable not having our perspective challenged. It's unhealthy.''' ,'''Atlanta is Exhibit A in my belief that the marriage between hip-hop and sports is a failure.''' ,'''I'm a conservative dude from the Midwest. I went crazy out here in LA.''' ,'''Modern political liberalism, particularly its racial orthodoxy, is the science of excuse-making, the training of black minds for failure.''' ,'''I think that fear is a mechanism a tool for control.''' ,'''I jumped on the Brady Hoke bandwagon in 2003 when he left an assistant job at Michigan to be the head coach at our alma mater. During his six years at Ball State, we were close.''' ,'''Professional sports have built themselves on the celebration of Americana, the ideas and values that best exemplify America.''' ,'''I don't do stand-up anymore. There are no rules in stand-up comedy. Journalists follow plenty of rules.''' ,'''Managing the Royals is a job for a man playing without a full deck.''' ,'''Dez Bryant isn't a quarterback. He's not a leader. He's a talented, high-maintenance wide receiver.''' ,'''There is a business built around racial grievance. And that business is booming at such a level that white people are like hey, I'm going to adopt a whole new identity so I can benefit from being Baby Al Sharpton, Baby Jesse Jackson, and in academia, this has been embraced and she has been able to pull off this scam.''' ,'''Basketball should be more popular. In my opinion, the NBA should rival the NFL. At the very least, no way should the NFL be five times more popular than the NBA.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a rabble-rouser.''' ,'''Jim Crow had unintended benefits. It forced blacks to build and rely on their own economic, educational and social systems.''' ,'''Certain people and groups seem invested in convincing black people that black people are liberal. We've traditionally been conservative, church-going people.''' ,'''The sacrifices you make in your 20s pay off 30 and 40 years later. The same is true when it comes to financial progress. Every dime saved in your 20s turns into a dollar in your 60s.''' ,'''But I'm not a political partisan. I don't vote.''' ,'''Sports culture is not PC or far left. There are no safe spaces in the field of competition.''' ,'''There's no way you can do any homework on Black Lives Matters, and not see that it's a Marxist political organization. It's not about Black Death. It's not about black men. It is a political move. It's a communist political move.''' ,'''The Democratic Party, the mainstream media are using fear to control people and to control African Americans in particular. You cannot function properly if you live in an irrational fear.''' ,'''Investing in your long-term health means cultivating the skills to prepare your own meals, developing healthy eating habits and a willingness to make time to exercise. The earlier you embrace these habits, the healthier you will be in your 50s, 60s and beyond.''' ,'''Segregation has never been a shadowy, impossible-to-pin-down conspiracy. It's been an American way of life.''' ,'''It is not, nor will it ever be, white people's responsibility to teach black children our unique American history.''' ,'''In fact, female slam-dunking as a spectator sport died this week when Candace Parker won the McDonald's All-American slam-dunk contest.''' ,'''Sports culture has long been patriotic, tolerant of diverse backgrounds and perspective and celebratory of meritocracy.''' ,'''People who commit crimes are generally reluctant to tell on themselves.''' ,'''Our conversations on 'The Herd' are irreverent, insightful and original. That's a great combination.''' ,'''Men do really dumb things. We see weapons of mass destruction where there are none. We over-emphasize sports. We place athletic achievement ahead of academic achievement. We spoil and pamper child athletes and then complain when they act spoiled and pampered as adults.''' ,'''Take your money, pool your resources and support people who actually represent your views and have the time to be full-time involved.''' ,'''I came up with the name 'The Undefeated' the day Maya Angelou died. It took eight months to get the name approved.''' ,'''A right to privacy is at the very foundation of American freedoms. It's a core value. It's a mistake to undermine a core value because we don't like the way a billionaire exercises it.''' ,'''As someone who has an affinity and passion for discussing racial and cultural issues, I made it a point to only discuss those issues when they really mattered and not turn the shows into Malcolm X Unplugged.''' ,'''I will talk to anybody... You want to talk, let's talk.''' ,'''You want to be leaders and you're black and I'm here to tell you how to do it. Disconnect from this social media garbage; disconnect from these celebrity athletes who don't really care nothing about you.''' ,'''Baseball and its 162-game schedule are challenging enough, but try winning the world series of dugout poker with cards supplied by Royals owner David Glass, the Wal-Mart-trained billionaire.''' ,'''False equivalency is the lifeblood of American public debate.''' ,'''Removing Donald Sterling from the NBA solves nothing. It sets a precedent that will likely boomerang and harm the black players and coaches who are shocked and outraged that an 80-year-old man with a documented history of bigoted actions also has bigoted private thoughts.''' ,'''Making it financially does not protect you, though. Genetic gifts and a gigantic professional contract do not shield athletes from the effect of damaged childhoods.''' ,'''The greatest obstacle to success is an excuse.''' ,'''The hall of fame is something you do when you look back at the end of your career, not in the middle of it.''' ,'''Self-analysis is the sworn enemy of regret-free living.''' ,'''You can't be Allen Iverson on a football team. And even Iverson got run out of Philadelphia when he was still a spectacular talent because the Sixers got tired of the headache and his bad attitude.''' ,'''Order rooted in and maintained and restored by fear, intimidation, brutality and incarceration is immoral and untenable. Justice is order's intended soul mate. But serving justice is twice as hard as serving fear.''' ,'''Black people have no reason to fear political free agency.''' ,'''We overhype everything. We create monumental myths. There are people who still believe that Brandi Chastain and the U.S. women's World Cup team pulled off the equivalent of the Miracle on Ice.''' ,'''Racism is an issue in America but is primarily an issue for the poor. It's not LeBron James' issue.''' ,'''No other powerful public figure in the history of American media has controlled his narrative as effectively as David Stern.''' ,'''Baseball died in K.C. - and other small markets - in 1994 when Bud Selig and the players' union stopped the season one week after the Hal McRae-led Royals completed a 14-game winning streak.''' ,'''Whatever my critics say, I've been a hard-core journalist all my career.''' ,'''The liberal-run institution of journalism does not allow probing of real problems facing black people. That is prohibited. It might lead to actual solutions. It might provoke black people to wake up every day looking for solutions rather than excuses and meaningless verbal offenses.''' ,'''Personally, I'm not all that interested in making the show appealing to casual sports fans.''' ,'''I'm talking about their supporters, and Donald Trump's support is coming from people who love Donald Trump, who unconditionally love Donald Trump to the point that they will risk their health and go to rallies with thousands of people.''' ,'''I'm a sports columnist who specializes in social commentary.''' ,'''The more popular and entertaining college basketball is, the more popular the NBA would be.''' ,'''If all of my instructions to staff during the seven years I hosted a radio show were written down and examined, I'd sound a lot like Bruce Levenson. Hell, I might sound much worse. The path to inclusion and diversity is not paved with precise, pretty words.''' ,]
+++