+++
author = "Jose Calderon"
title = "Jose Calderon Quotes"
quotes_len = "75"
description = "the best 75 Jose Calderon Quotes"
keywords = "jose calderon,jose calderon quotes,jose calderon quote,jose calderon sayings,jose calderon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''That's the key - there is no secret. Just trust your teammates and play together.''' ,'''You have to know your role. But you need everybody to win games. You can't win by yourself - not in the NBA, not in Europe, not in Spain.''' ,'''When you're with a team and you're comfortable there, everything seems O.K. You play a lot of minutes. You make the playoffs. You don't miss practice - all of that stuff. So when you leave for the summer, you're like, 'See you next year!' You expect maybe some changes, but nothing involving you.''' ,'''I think nobody should rash things and try to find the successor of Kobe Bryant.''' ,'''I'll try to help everybody. That's what I try to do as a point guard.''' ,'''You learn that the only thing you can control is being professional and staying focused. This is the NBA. There are a lot of things that you can't control.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you're representing a team, you're representing a city, you got to go out there and play.''' ,'''I just want to be myself, just be healthy and play basketball.''' ,'''My dad played for... the Villanueva de la Serena, so I guess that's why I play basketball instead of soccer.''' ,'''I play a certain way and played like that for a while. Maybe you want a point guard to shoot 20 times, I like more to pass the ball and do my job running the team.''' ,'''I don't care about my shots or my points or my assists. It's about playing the right way, trying to get everybody involved.''' ,'''I feel like a coach when I'm on the court. I just see basketball as a team sport.''' ,'''It's impossible to get everyone to love you.''' ,'''It's always good when you're in a place where they really want you. That makes a huge difference.''' ,'''It will be my fourth Olympics. I don't know if I'll have a chance to play more. I think four is a good number. After 16 years on the national team, I'm not going to get to 2020. It's a little bit too far for me.''' ,'''I don't know why sometimes some players have to have problems with one another.''' ,'''You don't talk playoffs a few weeks before training camp.''' ,'''Sometimes I play better. Sometimes I have a bad game. But as a team, it's not about me.''' ,'''Be on time, work hard every day, try to help your teammate, look for the team first. If you do that, everybody's gonna respect you.''' ,'''The problem is when you start comparing numbers to other point guards. The league is about numbers, and it's crazy. You make those comparisons, and I'm losing every battle.''' ,'''You can't compare my numbers to the other point guards. I'm a different kind of player - if you like it or not.''' ,'''At some point, everyone who is playing, their dream is to be in the NBA, because that's where all the best players are.''' ,'''I never liked to be the one who did all the scoring, things like that.''' ,'''My dad never really taught me anything about the game, he was never on me in the basketball aspect of life.''' ,'''Anybody that we can get here or would be interested, I'd be willing to talk to, to try to make them come to the Knicks. I think we are one of the best franchises ever. Everybody wants to play here.''' ,'''This is a sport about the team. There are big stars but without a team, big stars cannot do anything.''' ,'''There is pressure on me, but I welcome it.''' ,'''I'm a pass-first point guard that tries to get everybody involved.''' ,'''Sometimes you play better with some teammates than others.''' ,'''If you've got a teammate around you, you know sometimes they're going to score, sometimes you're going to pass the ball or you won't win games - unless you're Kobe Bryant or LeBron James. And even then, they need a good team around them.''' ,'''I'm not happier because I'm starting on the Knicks. I could be starting, I could be coming off of the bench, and I'd be the same way.''' ,'''I didn't expect to be in the NBA.''' ,'''Trying to speak English, to learn what my teammates were saying, to learn what I wanted to say - basketball, you have to learn the way to play here and get used to your teammates, but for me the toughest part was communication.''' ,'''I watched zero NBA basketball growing up. It was available but it was too late and I had school.''' ,'''I have never worked in an office.''' ,'''It's about enjoying what you do, and that's what I try to tell everybody, 'Hey. When we wake up tomorrow, let's go hard again and let's try to do better.' That's all we can do, and that has been me all these years. I'll keep doing that until I retire.''' ,'''If I have to play 5, I'll play 5. That's what we've been doing for years in the Spanish team.''' ,'''There are so many people who helped me during all those years in Toronto for everything. Not just about basketball, it's everything. Like life, with my family. Everything.''' ,'''I wasn't drafted. I was just playing really good basketball, enjoying playing basketball with my national team and never really thought: 'I have to get to the NBA.'''' ,'''Every little possession and every little detail can help you win a game or that possession.''' ,'''Find the open guy. If you're open shoot the ball. Just try to make it as easy as possible.''' ,'''At the end of the day, maybe I'm not like the other guys. Maybe I'm not as fast as them. I cannot jump as high as them. But it's been 11 years for me now. You just play different.''' ,'''I know Detroit has tried to trade for me for a while so I'm really happy to be in a situation with a team that really wants you.''' ,'''In Europe, everybody does that. Every team goes looking the exact same way every time to play. Depending what is your team, you can go all with the same sweats, you can go all with the same suits, but usually everybody dresses to travel the same.''' ,'''I always say that, I never talked about the NBA, I never talked about anything because I was just playing basketball for fun. I didn't think about being a professional and I didn't even know you could be signed.''' ,'''I played for so long with the national team. It was great but it's time for the young guys to play.''' ,'''I can shoot the ball. I can make everybody comfortable out there, and I'm just going to try to help my teammates play better basketball if possible.''' ,'''You cannot win by yourself. There's only one or two Kobes or LeBrons.''' ,'''Just try to make the easy pass. Sometimes it's the easiest one that's the best one.''' ,'''I've never had a problem with anybody.''' ,'''If we're sharing the ball and you pass the ball first, your teammate is going to pass it to you.''' ,'''I've been in the league 12 years and I know what I do best or not do as well.''' ,'''I have got pictures of me sleeping on the bench when I was four years old while my dad was practicing. I used to go to practice with him all of the time and they would play until it was late. I sometimes got tired and I would be sleeping there, but it was inside so not too bad.''' ,'''My 3-point shot is my best shot.''' ,'''I don't have family in Mexico. Nothing. I'm just from Spain.''' ,'''I know my weaknesses, and I'm always honest with myself.''' ,'''The more important thing is I wanted to show that I can play and have fun. In L.A. I couldn't because they were going in a different direction.''' ,'''I always said I wasn't the one putting me in the starting role or playing me 35 minutes.''' ,'''I think I can be helpful for a lot of teams.''' ,'''I don't need to be the fastest or be able to jump highest to be effective or do the right things to help the team.''' ,'''I'm a team player and that's all I worry about.''' ,'''I've missed too much of my family life. I want to spend more time with my wife and kids.''' ,'''I left my home when I was 13 years old, I was a professional at 17, and I've been playing basketball since.''' ,'''In the NBA you are pretty confident but you are one phone call away from being somewhere else; you've just got to be ready for everything.''' ,'''I just try to compete. That's all. There's gonna be faster guys, stronger guys, but you just gotta give effort.''' ,'''To win, you have to involve all your teammates because if not, it is too difficult. One guy, it is impossible to win something big.''' ,'''When guys work and they put the time in, it's always good to see them have success.''' ,'''Chris Bosh helped a lot... and he was 'The Guy.' When you've got The Guy on your side it makes it easier.''' ,'''I think being healthy can change everything.''' ,'''You just go out there and try to do your best. Some days are great. Other nights, it's maybe not your day. It's the other guy's day.''' ,'''I can open the floor for other guys. I've always put the team first.''' ,'''The NBA is getting bigger. Basketball is getting better around the world. There are more players. There are better coaches around it, so that's why there are more international players, not only Hispanic players, but from everywhere.''' ,'''If I'm on the bench, it's the bench. If I'm playing five or 30 minutes, I'm good.''' ,'''When I was 13 years old, that's when my team assigned me - and I wound up living, like, six hundred kilometers from my home to play basketball.''' ,'''At 17... I went to the second division in Spain, played a lot of minutes, and we actually won that league.''' ,]
+++