+++
author = "Tim Ryan"
title = "Tim Ryan Quotes"
quotes_len = "73"
description = "the best 73 Tim Ryan Quotes"
keywords = "tim ryan,tim ryan quotes,tim ryan quote,tim ryan sayings,tim ryan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The key to - and magic of - good campaigns is when you pull people together. You unite them around a common theme.''' ,'''I got a lot of respect for Nancy Pelosi. I love her. She was a mentor of mine.''' ,'''You can be hostile to greed. You can be hostile to income inequality. You can be for raising raises... but you can't be hostile to businesses because 98 percent of businesses are small business people.''' ,'''I've been on enough sports teams in my life to have experienced the magic of what can happen when a group of people care for and love each other.''' ,'''I think social issues are always part of a presidential campaign.''' ,'''Kids are growing up with a bombardment of information through technology.''' ,'''Trickle-down economics doesn't work, but we need the power and innovation that comes from the free enterprise system. There's no way we're going to decarbonize the American economy without innovation and the profit motive. It's just not gonna happen.''' ,'''To be competitive globally, we have to reduce the corporate tax rate.''' ,'''I wrote 'A Mindful Nation' to promote the values of slowing down, taking care of ourselves, being kind, and helping each other. It seems to me that if we embrace these values individually, it will benefit us collectively. And our country will be a little bit better off as a result.''' ,'''The American people need to know we understand that they elected us to fight for economic opportunity for all. We need to create America 2.0 - a multicultural, progressive, and innovative country that fights every day for ordinary people.''' ,'''I just find Bobby Kennedy's short campaign for president so inspiring because his rhetoric identified what America can be like if we care about each other.''' ,'''Being tough on China is one thing. Being completely erratic with no strategy and dragging businesses and farmers through the mud, using them as pawns in the game, is not the way to beat China.''' ,'''Like many Americans, my family and I have spent our entire lives at the epicenter of de-industrialization.''' ,'''I think once you meet me, you realize I'm not necessarily some soft yoga guy. I've been on the picket line. I've been in the union halls. I'll drink a Miller Lite with you.''' ,'''I have a chicken-wing addiction... I sometimes can't get out of a restaurant without at least trying their chicken wings. So that's my great downfall.''' ,'''I embrace a Green New Deal; I just think we have to have public-private partnerships if we're going to get there. We have to align the environmental incentives with the financial incentives.''' ,'''And I believe that if we can care about whether or not our neighbor has a good job or access to affordable health care for their children, and we move to implement the policies that can improve these situations, we will unleash vast amounts of human potential and recapture the American spirit.''' ,'''When I talk about 'working class,' I don't talk about 'white working class,'. I talk about 'working class,' and a third of working class people are people of color. If you are black, white, brown, gay, straight, you want a good job. There is no more unifying theme than that.''' ,'''The Democrats have failed to have a real robust message for working-class people in places like Ohio - these states that Donald Trump came in and won.''' ,'''We need social and emotional learning in our schools. I think we also need to get good food in the schools. We can't be feeding our kids Pop-Tarts and chocolate milk.''' ,'''If you're a coach and your team doesn't win, at some point you've got to change the coach.''' ,'''If you love your neighbor and are compassionate, are you automatically a Christian? Practicing present-moment awareness does not entail joining any religion or accepting any belief system.''' ,'''The people I represent in Northeast Ohio and the tens of millions of workers across our country are proud to be called blue collar.''' ,'''I have lived my whole life just outside Youngstown, Ohio. We watched the steel mills close and 50,000 jobs disappear in the late 1970s. We watched businesses move overseas throughout the 1990s and early 2000s.''' ,'''We need to be a party saying, 'We are not going to be happy until we get those $30, $40, $50 an hour jobs back for working-class people.'''' ,'''I know from the stories of my grandparents and great-grandparents the real struggles and discrimination that Italian Americans faced when they first immigrated to America.''' ,'''My great grandfather emigrated from Italy, and my grandfather worked in a steel mill and was able to raise kids and have a family and go on vacation.''' ,'''We need a president who doesn't just visit our forgotten communities for rallies but one who lives in them - one who knows the pain and suffering that comes with being unseen and unheard.''' ,'''We need mental health counselors in every school that needs one.''' ,'''We can't green the economy without the power of the free-market system.''' ,'''I'm going to lead a revolution for working people in America. This includes all workers: white, black and brown, men and women, gay and straight, urban and rural.''' ,'''There's no better inside player than Nancy Pelosi, and I don't have any animosity towards her.''' ,'''Between the fundraising, being away from family, the environment of hyperpartisanship, Washington is really stressing people out.''' ,'''We can't just be the party of redistribution of wealth; we need to be the party of the creation of wealth in communities all over the country, not to just Silicon Valley, not just Wall Street, but all over.''' ,'''I have come to believe that we must trust women and families - not politicians - to make the best decisions for their lives.''' ,'''Trump committed crimes. It's pretty clear. Although I'm not sure how it plays out politically, I do think you have a responsibility to act when you think - and there's ample evidence to show - that the president has been engaged in criminal conduct.''' ,'''It is like our foreign policy has attention deficit disorder.''' ,'''I've heard from CEOs of major corporations and members of Congress talk about their spouses getting mad at them when they're home because they're spaced out and thinking about work. It's so easy for all of us to have our mind on the last meeting or the next one.''' ,'''Everyone has to do their part, too. No one is disconnected. And everyone has to improve their skills, take care of their own health to the extent they can and contribute their time and talents to the community and country.''' ,'''I've been in Congress 14 years. I've been on the Appropriations Committee in which we are in charge of trying to move legislation.''' ,'''Trump is president of the United States. We can't blame our voters. We clearly did something terribly wrong.''' ,'''Happiness is found by deeply experiencing the exact moment we are in.''' ,'''I am a proud Italian American, raised by an Italian mother and Italian grandparents.''' ,'''We need a brand as a party that says we're the party that are going to help working-class people, white people, black people, brown people, gay people, straight people, improve opportunity for them to grow their wages, to have security, economic security.''' ,'''We focus sometimes too much on the minimum wage, and we should be talking about living wages and middle class wages and pensions and benefits and the kind of thing that people in the industrial Midwest talk about all the time.''' ,'''I love having the ball with two minutes left, down a touchdown. That's when I'm right in the zone... I'm a Catholic and a quarterback. Those are the two things that really shape my life. I'd much rather be the underdog than the favorite any day of the week.''' ,'''If we could figure out the big economic question - which really is how do we get wealth out of the coasts and into the industrial Midwest and start creating real jobs by the hundreds, if not by the thousands - in places like I represent, that's a game changer for me.''' ,'''I've got a really long record around progressive politics, especially when it comes to the economy. Voted against the Bush tax cuts. Voted against the Trump tax cuts. Believe in investment into lifting people up, closing the opportunity gaps that exist in our society.''' ,'''I'm a progressive who knows how to talk to working-class people, and I know how to get elected in working-class districts. Because at the end of the day, the progressive agenda is what's best for working families.''' ,'''The Italian culture and values have significantly shaped who I am, and I would never intentionally demean or degrade the very culture that has been so integral to my life.''' ,'''The biggest piece of advice I have is - listen. Don't jump to the answer or what you think the answer is. The more you listen, the more you learn.''' ,'''I think the idea of participating in your own health care and being responsible to the extent you can be of your own health, it seems to me a lot like self-reliance and individual responsibility. This cuts through the partisan divide.''' ,'''Mindfulness helps you to be where you are when you're there. When I'm interacting with constituents who are suffering, that matters.''' ,'''You beat China by outcompeting them, by dominating the new technologies: wind, solar, electric vehicles, artificial intelligence, additive manufacturing. We should be reinvesting back in the United States and beating them on the economic playing field.''' ,'''My grandparents and my mom prayed the rosary a lot, and later in life, I had a priest friend of mine teach me centering prayer, based on Father Thomas Keating's work. That led to practicing different kinds of meditation off and on as I got older.''' ,'''I think our failure as a caucus has been not to focus on economic issues. I think we - and I'm supportive of all the issues that - that we talk about, but you need an economic - a robust, economic message that - that covers everybody.''' ,'''While the political debate over abortion will continue for a very long time, the federal government can and should be doing more to support programs and services that provide women with better options.''' ,'''If you're a quarterback and you keep throwing interceptions, you change quarterbacks.''' ,'''It's a lot easier to negotiate and be skillful from the majority. I want Paul Ryan negotiating with us. I don't want to have to negotiate with Paul Ryan.''' ,'''Obviously, I have certain policy positions that I push and advocate for that would benefit people dealing in a system that breeds inequality and makes life more difficult for people.''' ,'''I traveled the country for a year and a half helping Hillary Clinton to try to become president.''' ,'''I would think that conserving our natural resources should be a conservative position: Not to waste food, and not to throw away a lot of the food that we buy.''' ,'''Democrats must adopt a progressive economic message that focuses on large, direct infrastructure investments, affordable health care, portable pensions, and public-private investments that promote advanced manufacturing.''' ,'''I got kids that are growing up in a Donald Trump world because we screwed up because we haven't been able to craft a message and push policies that connect with working class people.''' ,'''I'm for increased funding for the Centers for Disease Control.''' ,'''For most of us, starting off in the morning, your iPhone wakes you up, you immediately start checking emails or texts or whatever, and you're up and running until you go to bed.''' ,'''The mindfulness revolution is not quite as dramatic as the moon shot or the civil rights movement, but I believe, in the long run, it can have just as great an impact.''' ,'''I am Irish, so I do like a good fight every now and then.''' ,'''We have a perception problem with the party. We are perceived as being a coastal elite, Ivy League party that does not connect to working-class people. The waitress, the teacher, the construction worker - we've lost our connection to them.''' ,'''I love studying different religions. For me, learning and drawing from the different religious traditions is essential to being a good public servant. And the connections between our various religious traditions become our public ethic; they tie us together.''' ,'''Wherever you interact with people, you have the opportunity to influence people. This isn't something you necessarily jam down somebody's throat, but it is something you can - gently and over time - begin to cultivate wherever you are.''' ,'''Globalization in the aggregate generates wealth, no question. But it gets concentrated.''' ,'''As a Catholic, I find mindfulness helps me participate in my religion more wholeheartedly. If you are praying the rosary, participating in the rituals at Mass, or listening to the priest preach, you will actually be paying attention! Whatever your religion is, it can enhance the experience of participating in that religion.''' ,]
+++