+++
author = "Kelita Zupancic"
title = "Kelita Zupancic Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Kelita Zupancic Quotes"
keywords = "kelita zupancic,kelita zupancic quotes,kelita zupancic quote,kelita zupancic sayings,kelita zupancic saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People often don't believe me when they first meet me and I tell them I'm a judoka. I then show them my arms, which speak for themselves.''' ,'''I have my Grade 1 autobiography that says I'm going to the 2012 Olympic Games, and it has a picture of me on the podium. So, I've known my whole life. It's not something I just thought of. I've known I would be an Olympic athlete; didn't know what sport, but I drew myself in a judo gi.''' ,'''We train and work so hard in our sport, we would be nothing less than a warrior. Day in, day out, this is our life. It's everything. The Olympic dream.''' ,'''A strong, powerful, successful woman is always intimidating.''' ,'''That's why I liked judo so much right from the start - I got to beat up all the boys.''' ,'''During practice, I train with both women and men. I think it's good to have a mixture of strengths because both have different fighting styles. Every person offers something different, and the more body types you get used to, the better fighter you will become.''' ,'''Just dream big. Anything is possible.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you can only fight from yourself. It is only you out there on that mat - but it sure helps knowing you have a great team of supporters cheering for you!''' ,'''The Olympics were life-changing for me. I felt I went in as a girl and came out as a woman.''' ,'''Taking care of my skin so that it's healthy and glowing, especially with all the travelling and training, is important and makes me feel presentable. I don't wear makeup when I compete, and that's when I'm photographed the most, so I have to make sure it looks good!''' ,'''When I'm not working out, it's important to me to express the creative, girly side of my personality.''' ,'''Definitely, I got a reputation growing up playing on the guys' hockey teams. The guys knew how tough I was because I played with them. I got quite a good reputation for beating up boys going up through school.''' ,'''To be an Olympic athlete is an honour, a privilege. They're so respected. This is my dream. I have to do this.''' ,'''With three younger brothers, we were always very competitive and combative. But my mother always says I get the drive from her.''' ,'''I grew up with three younger brothers, so it was always 'compete against your brothers.' I've always had to stand up for myself. I love that. I love proving myself, that women can be just as good as men.''' ,]
+++