+++
author = "Dan Quayle"
title = "Dan Quayle Quotes"
quotes_len = "83"
description = "the best 83 Dan Quayle Quotes"
keywords = "dan quayle,dan quayle quotes,dan quayle quote,dan quayle sayings,dan quayle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I couldn't help but be impressed by the magnitude of the earthquake.''' ,'''Japan is an important ally of ours. Japan and the United States of the Western industrialized capacity, 60 percent of the GNP, two countries. That's a statement in and of itself.''' ,'''Unfortunately, the people of Louisiana are not racists.''' ,'''What you guys want, I'm for.''' ,'''A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls.''' ,'''It's rural America. It's where I came from. We always refer to ourselves as real America. Rural America, real America, real, real, America.''' ,'''Bank failures are caused by depositors who don't deposit enough money to cover losses due to mismanagement.''' ,'''When I have been asked during these last weeks who caused the riots and the killing in L.A., my answer has been direct and simple: Who is to blame for the riots? The rioters are to blame. Who is to blame for the killings? The killers are to blame.''' ,'''People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history.''' ,'''What a terrible thing to have lost one's mind. Or not to have a mind at all. How true that is.''' ,'''I just don't believe in the basic concept that someone should make their whole career in public service.''' ,'''Tobacco exports should be expanded aggressively because Americans are smoking less.''' ,'''People who bowl vote. Bowlers are not the cultural elite.''' ,'''We're all capable of mistakes, but I do not care to enlighten you on the mistakes we may or may not have made.''' ,'''Space is almost infinite. As a matter of fact, we think it is infinite.''' ,'''I pledge allegiance to the Christian flag, and to the Savior, for whose Kingdom it stands, one Savior, crucified, risen, and coming again, with life and liberty for all who believe.''' ,'''I understand the importance of bondage between parent and child.''' ,'''The other day the President said, I know you've had some rough times, and I want to do something that will show the nation what faith that I have in you, in your maturity and sense of responsibility. He paused, then said, would you like a puppy?''' ,'''El Salvador is a democracy so it's not surprising that there are many voices to be heard here. Yet in my conversations with Salvadorans... I have heard a single voice.''' ,'''I spend a great deal of time with the President. We have a very close, personal, loyal relationship. I'm not, as they say, a potted plant in these meetings.''' ,'''We're going to have the best-educated American people in the world.''' ,'''I have a very good family. I'm very fortunate to have a very good family. I believe very strongly in the family. It's one of the things we have in our platform, is to talk about it.''' ,'''It isn't pollution that's harming the environment. It's the impurities in our air and water that are doing it.''' ,'''We have to do more than just elect a new President if we truly want to change this country.''' ,'''The global importance of the Middle East is that it keeps the Far East and the Near East from encroaching on each other.''' ,'''What a waste it is to lose one's mind. Or not to have a mind is being very wasteful. How true that is.''' ,'''The thing is, if you control the Senate meetings, you control the gavel. And the gavel is a very important instrument... an instrument of power. An instrument that establishes the agenda.''' ,'''Quite frankly, teachers are the only profession that teach our children.''' ,'''I love California, I practically grew up in Phoenix.''' ,'''We will move forward, we will move upward, and yes, we will move onward.''' ,'''I deserve respect for the things I did not do.''' ,'''Every once in a while, you let a word or phrase out and you want to catch it and bring it back. You can't do that. It's gone, gone forever.''' ,'''We shouldn't have to be burdened with all the technicalities that come up from time to time with shrewd, smart lawyers interpreting what the laws or what the Constitution may or may not say.''' ,'''If you give a person a fish, they'll fish for a day. But if you train a person to fish, they'll fish for a lifetime.''' ,'''For NASA, space is still a high priority.''' ,'''It's a question of whether we're going to go forward into the future, or past to the back.''' ,'''Illegitimacy is something we should talk about in terms of not having it.''' ,'''You do the policy, I'll do the politics.''' ,'''I do have a political agenda. It's to have as few regulations as possible.''' ,'''Votes are like trees, if you are trying to build a forest. If you have more trees than you have forests, then at that point the pollsters will probably say you will win.''' ,'''The loss of life will be irreplaceable.''' ,'''This President is going to lead us out of this recovery.''' ,'''I don't watch it, but I know enough to comment on it.''' ,'''Let me just be very clear that the Republican Party will select a nominee that will beat Bill Clinton.''' ,'''It's a very good historical book about history.''' ,'''Verbosity leads to unclear, inarticulate things.''' ,'''The future will be better tomorrow.''' ,'''The President is going to benefit from me reporting directly to him when I arrive.''' ,'''Welcome to President Bush, Mrs. Bush, and my fellow astronauts.''' ,'''If we don't succeed we run the risk of failure.''' ,'''This election is about who's going to be the next President of the United States!''' ,'''I am not part of the problem. I am a Republican.''' ,'''The American people would not want to know of any misquotes that Dan Quayle may or may not make.''' ,'''Hawaii has always been a very pivotal role in the Pacific. It is in the Pacific. It is a part of the United States that is an island that is right here.''' ,'''It's wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago.''' ,'''Republicans understand the importance of bondage between a mother and child.''' ,'''Great American sport. Horseshoes is a very great game. I love it.''' ,'''I want to be Robin to Bush's Batman.''' ,'''I've never professed to be anything but an average student.''' ,'''I'm going to be a vice president very much like George Bush was. He proved to be a very effective vice president, perhaps the most effective we've had in a couple of hundred years.''' ,'''Sometimes cameras and television are good to people and sometimes they aren't. I don't know if its the way you say it, or how you look.''' ,'''One word sums up probably the responsibility of any vice-president, and that one word is 'to be prepared'.''' ,'''We are ready for any unforeseen event that may or may not occur.''' ,'''It shows 'us vs. them', and I'm on the 'us' side.''' ,'''My friends, no matter how rough the road may be, we can and we will, never, never surrender to what is right.''' ,'''We should develop anti-satellite weapons because we could not have prevailed without them in 'Red Storm Rising'.''' ,'''If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check.''' ,'''We have a firm commitment to NATO, we are a part of NATO. We have a firm commitment to Europe. We are a part of Europe.''' ,'''I stand by all the misstatements that I've made.''' ,'''Republicans have been accused of abandoning the poor. It's the other way around. They never vote for us.''' ,'''When you make as many speeches and you talk as much as I do and you get away from the text, it's always a possibility to get a few words tangled here and there.''' ,'''Bobby Knight told me this: 'There is nothing that a good defense cannot beat a better offense.' In other words a good offense wins.''' ,'''It's time for the human race to enter the solar system.''' ,'''You all look like happy campers to me. Happy campers you are, happy campers you have been, and, as far as I am concerned, happy campers you will always be.''' ,'''We will invest in our people, quality education, job opportunity, family, neighborhood, and yes, a thing we call America.''' ,'''Let me just tell you how thrilling it really is, and how, what a challenge it is, because in 1988 the question is whether we're going forward to tomorrow or whether we're going to go past to the - to the back!''' ,'''I have made good judgments in the past. I have made good judgments in the future.''' ,'''In George Bush you get experience, and with me you get - The Future!''' ,'''When I talked to him on the phone yesterday. I called him George rather than Mr. Vice President. But, in public, it's Mr. Vice President, because that is who he is.''' ,'''They need help, and we have helped, and we are here to help. And we are helping, and we're going to continue to help.''' ,'''The Holocaust was an obscene period in our nation's history. I mean in this century's history. But we all lived in this century. I didn't live in this century.''' ,'''I was known as the chief grave robber of my state.''' ,'''I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change.''' ,]
+++