+++
author = "Josh Segarra"
title = "Josh Segarra Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Josh Segarra Quotes"
keywords = "josh segarra,josh segarra quotes,josh segarra quote,josh segarra sayings,josh segarra saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was fat when I was a kid. I was a little chunkier, but that's boring because everyone was fat when they were a kid, right? Didn't we all go through a chubby stage? Mine maybe lasted a little longer - mine went until, like, the end of high school.''' ,'''To get to play a man that has broken walls, that's broken barriers, that's an honor.''' ,'''You always hear me talk about my two ladies: my wife and my dog.''' ,'''I have a lot of friends that are actors, and I'm blessed to even have a job.''' ,'''I come from a Latin nation that had an open policy with the U.S. My parents moved right to Florida, opened a pharmacy, and had me.''' ,'''When I saw 'Hamilton,' it changed my life. It's one of the most beautiful things I saw on stage.''' ,'''I have rhythm, but I'm not a trained dancer.''' ,'''I love telling a story through song. It helps me take it to a deeper place.''' ,'''I've never done regional theater, and I'm getting to make my Broadway debut as a principal, playing a pretty cool part, so there are probably people keeping an eye on me to see if I'll trip up.''' ,'''How do you find a partner? Your crazy has to match their crazy. We're all crazy. We all have our things that make us special, make us nerdy. You just find the other person where their crazy matches your crazy. All of a sudden, you find somebody else, and the things that they think make them nerdy, you think make them cool.''' ,'''Everything I learned about women, I learned from the ages of 13-16. Every girl would talk to me about their problems, and none of them wanted to date me. So, I learned all of these things. So, when I finally got to the place where I could hit on girls, I just referenced back to all the things that I learned in high school.''' ,'''I grew up in a house where we danced all the time because we're Puerto Rican.''' ,'''When you got a great cast around you, it makes the story easier to tell, to be honest.''' ,'''At one point, I bought brown contacts because people told me I wasn't Latin enough to play Latin, and I'm Puerto Rican. I went and bought brown contacts just so I could go in and look more Latino... but that was something that I've dealt with in this business.''' ,'''In my top five favorite movies is a movie called 'Heavy Weights.' I was a chunkier kid and dreamed of going to fat camp with go-karts and stuff. That was written by Judd Apatow.''' ,'''I love musicals, and I grew up with them, but the first time I thought I could really do this was when I saw 'In the Heights.'''' ,'''There are a few things for the New York actor that you hope to one day cross off the bucket list. One of them was I got to do an episode of 'Blue Bloods,' which was really fun.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I wanted to be a pro wrestler. Other kids wanted to be cops and astronauts, but I wanted to be Hulk Hogan, the Ultimate Warrior, 'Macho Man' Randy Savage, Brutus 'The Barber' Beefcake, and Jake 'The Snake.' I wanted to be those guys! I used to tape matches on my trampoline and body-slam my brother.''' ,'''I didn't grow up listening to musicals. I sang coritos or Spanish spiritual songs and was raised on gospel singer Kirk Franklin.''' ,'''I wanted to be a pro wrestler, but my mom didn't let me. I used to make videos and stuff in the backyard. I had a buddy named Daniel Decker, and we used to have a tag team called the 'Deck Garra Era.' We used to make video after video. We were the tag team champions, but then we turned on each other.''' ,'''I'm a person and an actor that's constantly unsatisfied. I'm always reaching for something higher.''' ,'''I'm sure there are many women in this world who would hate me because all I watch is sports. But I found the one girl who loves watching with me.''' ,]
+++