+++
author = "Monique Coleman"
title = "Monique Coleman Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Monique Coleman Quotes"
keywords = "monique coleman,monique coleman quotes,monique coleman quote,monique coleman sayings,monique coleman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I play so young because of my looks.''' ,'''I have a gajillion headbands - yellows, pinks, reds, blues. I'm obsessed.''' ,'''In case of emergency, do whatever your best friends tell you to do!''' ,'''I'm good in the kitchen. I can cook seafood, collard greens, black-eyed peas.''' ,'''As an African American actress, there are people who have been staples in my life that opened a door that I can walk through. I hope that I can have that impact.''' ,'''I think it is important for girls to see movies where it is not all just about 'the boy' or it's simply being about 'the relationship' or 'Am I pretty enough?' or 'Am I cute enough?'.''' ,'''I look like a child - and I love it!''' ,'''I was babysitting the night High School Musical premiered last year. I watched with the kids and we sang along to the lyrics. I was making $12 an hour.''' ,''''High School Musical' is definitely the best thing that's happened to my career and I walked away with great friends from it.''' ,'''I love the idea that somebody is going to compare me to my character or think that I am like my character when they see me. I feel like that is a role that I am willing to fulfill.''' ,'''You have to split, bend over backward, touch our toe to our heads to get recognized.''' ,'''My character, Taylor McKessie, is a little bit brighter in the math and science department than I am... okay, a lot.''' ,'''When I get recognized, every time feels like the first time.''' ,'''I've been in the shallow end of a pool, just kind of walking around, but this was my first time really swimming - and I was horrified! I actually lost it whenever I saw the edge of the pool. But I took baby steps and rewarded myself every step of the way.''' ,]
+++