+++
author = "Alyson Stoner"
title = "Alyson Stoner Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Alyson Stoner Quotes"
keywords = "alyson stoner,alyson stoner quotes,alyson stoner quote,alyson stoner sayings,alyson stoner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Honestly, what keeps me grounded is my faith and my value system.''' ,'''I'm a thinker and feeler and dreamer and explorer.''' ,'''I can love people of every gender identity and expression. It is the soul that captivates me.''' ,'''Some people in the industry warned me that I'd ruin my career, miss out on possible jobs, and potentially put my life in danger if I ever came out.''' ,'''I've had a very long career of being conservative.''' ,'''I like to take risks as long as they're healthy, you know. They're good, smart risks.''' ,'''The first boy that I had a crush on and dated was Cole Sprouse... from 'Suite Life.'''' ,'''My relationship with God is what gives me a moral compass on what decisions to make and that stuff. I'm thankful that I have the people around me that I do, and they remind me each day of who I am and what I stand for.''' ,'''Being famous as a kid is weird and unhealthy.''' ,'''I'm just terrible with watching movies.''' ,'''I'm very sensitive to the incredibly diverse range of opinions within religious and secular communities, and honestly, I'd appreciate if we focused first on the experiences and dignity of the people.''' ,'''That's something that I think the best artists retain - the ability to invite you into their small, intimate inner space, and let that be what radiates.''' ,'''I may be on set acting, I may be in the studio recording, I might be teaching dance class all in the same day - so how can I manage all of those needs, prepare for all of those things, and still grow and train in all of them? The best you can do is, when you're focusing on one, be there and be present.''' ,'''For all the challenges I've faced in my path to self-acceptance, I've also traveled it with my own set of luck and privilege.''' ,'''I don't think a young person ever really quite knows what's going on when their norm becomes going to the grocery store with sunglasses on at 11 years old. It's kind of weird, and I'll say it also went to my head the first little season, because that became normal for me.''' ,'''I'm a hip-hop dancer, but when I'm in my room it turns into this lyrical nonsense, and I listen to Phil Wickham and India Arie, who has the most precious songs.''' ,'''I like to aim for significance over success because rarely can you be significant and also successful, but many people can be successful and not significant.''' ,'''I think generationally, as human progress does its thing, we are constantly impressed by the upcoming generation.''' ,'''I enjoy going to the Y. I take all the fitness classes that my dad takes; that's sort of our bonding - anything athletic, anything sports related.''' ,'''I want to learn how to play an instrument. I want to break a world record. I'm just a very determined, motivated type of person.''' ,'''Music is really powerful. It's a universal language that connects everyone.''' ,'''My sound is sort of India Arie meets Colbie Caillat. It's got a sweet-funk to it.''' ,'''Sometimes I get a little confused because with dancing I can express my emotions with my body. With acting you have to do it with your face and your expressions, and then with animated shows you have to use your voice and use your inflections. So it's definitely a challenge to transfer from each genre of entertainment.''' ,'''You know, I look at Britney Spears who can't even drive without paparazzi in her face, and if I ever get to that level, which I don't expect, but if it does happen and success does happen to come my way, then I'm going to be prepared.''' ,'''You have to decide if you want something stable and safe or if you want to take a risk and go outside the formula and try something new. That's everything that dance embodies.''' ,'''I'm not going to say that I'm some musical genius, but I've always loved music.''' ,'''I started dancing when I was 3 in Toledo, Ohio, and started hip-hop dancing at the age of 7.''' ,'''To this day, I remember vividly Missy Elliott, Ludacris, and my grandma riding in a golf cart to set. My grandma went back to Ohio and told her bowling friends, 'Guess what? I was riding to set with Missy and Ridiculous!'''' ,'''I think what's important, as an artist who wants to be multi-dimensional, is learning how to shape-shift into those different paths fluidly and frequently.''' ,'''Honestly, without art and dance, I think I would be a very safe, black-and-white thinker. I wouldn't dare to take any risks or see so much of the world in myself and other people!''' ,'''No, I'm not in the Illuminati.''' ,'''I started dancing at the age of three in my hometown of Toledo, Ohio, and it really was my sister's dream to pursue dance professionally.''' ,'''I think my favorite role was playing Sarah Baker in 'Cheaper by the Dozen 1.' It was my first movie, and I worked with amazing professionals who had such strong work ethics that I immediately learned how to work in this industry.''' ,'''I'm very serious about what I write and who I allow to produce the music, because I want to make sure it's a true album, and not just something pushed out there to create hype and more fame for myself.''' ,'''In my generation, we sort of let the art speak for itself. We don't disclose our personal private lives.''' ,'''My favorite video to film was 'Work It' because it began the incredible road ahead. Missy was protective and thoughtful of us kids, removing us from the mature scenes and using the clean version when we filmed.''' ,'''I find that with dance - and with the arts in general - because I want to grow in my performance, I have to come face to face with my own personal challenges.''' ,'''I love what I do, and I just remember that every breath and every moment is a gift and it can be taken away at any time, so I want to appreciate it and be grateful for it while it's here.''' ,'''I am a pet person. My dog actually lives in Georgia now. But I work with animal trainers and pets quite often. I also volunteer at different places like animal shelters. It's good to be around pets. They kind of put things into perspective. They're easygoing, loyal, and they seem to get it, even when humans don't.''' ,]
+++