+++
author = "Harry Winks"
title = "Harry Winks Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Harry Winks Quotes"
keywords = "harry winks,harry winks quotes,harry winks quote,harry winks sayings,harry winks saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've got to be loyal to Spurs because I'm a Spurs fans, but over the years Arsenal have been ahead of us and got results. It used to burn me watching that.''' ,'''It's important to stay humble, stay level-headed and keep working hard.''' ,'''I've been out for four months and when you have been out that long you start to miss the game and when you are out there you realise just how much you really do live it and enjoy it.''' ,'''The most important thing is to take it game by game. I've always done that my whole career. Game by game, step by step, and not looking too far into the future.''' ,'''I know what it is like to be a Tottenham fan.''' ,'''It is everyone's dream to play for England and we have got a lot of top players in that midfield and lot of competition. For me to break in there, I have got to keep the form up for club at the top level.''' ,'''The music that they play at White Hart Lane before you walk out is just... I absolutely love it. I think it's from Star Wars.''' ,'''You come up to 20 years old and you've only played three times. You see other boys who are playing regularly in the Premier League or in the Championship. And you're thinking 'I've only played three times, no starts, they've all been five minutes here and there.'''' ,'''Just going to games from a young age with my dad, watching Tottenham as often as I could, celebrating in my front room, singing and enjoying it, so many fond memories from when I was a kid.''' ,'''I got told I wasn't allowed to go on loan, which was a good thing but, at the same time, I just wanted to play matches. So do I annoy the manager and try to push for a loan or was I just to keep working hard and trust him?''' ,'''I like to take a little bit from every midfielder I have played against, whether it's physically, technically, tactically, just to try to improve my game.''' ,'''We always trained never to really talk about things and get it off our chests but I think now everybody is more open about it.''' ,'''Everyone wants to play at a World Cup. It would have been my dream to go.''' ,'''I'm lucky I've got such a strong group of people around me - my friends, my family who I talk to every day, and it's important that I stay in touch with them.''' ,'''I've got Spanish grandparents and I've got a connection with Spain. But I consider myself English and I want to play for England.''' ,'''I don't really look at myself as an inspiration, more as a fellow player.''' ,'''We've always had a philosophy at Spurs to play out from the back, to play with style, to play out from the back and that's the way I've always been brought up and to come into the first team is no different.''' ,'''When you have someone who's been there and done it at the highest level, at a World Cup, you have to respect him.''' ,'''Every team needs goalscorers, attacking players, players who can sweep up the ball, but every team needs that someone who can be the link between defence and attack. The greatest teams always have that sort of player.''' ,'''I've never been blessed with height, strength and power so I've had to learn how to play differently from a young age, my game was all based on technique and when I look at players like Xavi and Iniesta they were always players I modelled myself on.''' ,'''As a Spurs fan I've watched the games and the rivalries throughout the years, so to play against Arsenal you have the bit between your teeth.''' ,'''I'm just a Tottenham fan living the dream, basically. To play for Tottenham it was always an absolute dream to have all the kits.''' ,]
+++