+++
author = "Amarinder Singh"
title = "Amarinder Singh Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Amarinder Singh Quotes"
keywords = "amarinder singh,amarinder singh quotes,amarinder singh quote,amarinder singh sayings,amarinder singh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Khasla College came up 125 years ago. People gave their land and various states, including Nabha, Patiala, Jind and Kapurthala, made contributions for setting up the college. My grandfather and father remained its chancellor.''' ,'''We have had 10 years of bad governance, and we may not recover if another bad government is elected.''' ,'''I am thankful to the Almighty that I have been able to sustain with the support of my colleagues and Punjabis within and outside the state.''' ,'''I can't change my ministers. They are all doing a good job.''' ,'''As elected representatives, MLAs are accountable to the people and I will not allow anyone to undermine their importance.''' ,'''I think we should be very careful in our choice of putting out news which should not create a situation where the morale of our troops goes down.''' ,'''Punjab makes up 2 per cent of India's population and yet it produces 40 per cent of the nation's food pool. Even now, if tomorrow there is famine, it will be the Punjabi farmer who saves you. So, don't rely on the plenty of today, there may be a paucity tomorrow. Don't write Punjab off.''' ,'''There are critical issues facing us, including handling transportation of lakhs of migrants, completing harvest and procurement on time, supporting poor and needy, and above all, combating the spread of the pandemic.''' ,'''Anti-incumbency against Akalis is so strong and severe that the Akali leaders do not venture out in public without extra security.''' ,'''The Modi government says the farm laws will open agriculture to the corporate world. Who says this not already open to corporate sector? In Punjab, we have Pepsi and ITC buying potatoes. All my kinnows from Hoshiarpur and Ferozepur are going to Chennai. The system is already open.''' ,'''When somebody starts going down, rats start leaving the sinking ship.''' ,'''With industrial revival, I see a lot of jobs coming in for the youth of Punjab.''' ,'''Revival of investor confidence and industrial development is, in my opinion, one of the biggest achievements of my government, given the financial mess which we have inherited from the erstwhile Akali government.''' ,'''Akalis are going to be down in the dumps, they and the BJP, whether they stay together or fight separately.''' ,'''This Hindi-Cheeni Bhai Bhai sloganeering is just a farce, and China has never seriously meant it. Their territorial ambitions are known to the world, and are evident in their actions on land, sea, and in the air, along every border of that country.''' ,'''I had a very warm and cordial relationship with the then former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee when I was the chief minister for the first time.''' ,'''We made the mistake of trusting the Chinese and then compounded it by allowing our men to go out to face them with their hands literally tied behind their backs. Galwan was a totally avoidable tragedy.''' ,'''Punjab does not want war. Punjab wants peace.''' ,'''Intelligence inputs are not something one can talk about.''' ,'''Putting money into a cenotaph is not really worth it.''' ,'''Today your technology is far more sophisticated. Forget about sending a reconnaissance aircraft, your satellites provide you information on a minute-to-minute basis. Similarly, when missiles were fired, every missile has a camera in its cone, on its nose, and it keeps relaying information until the point of its impact.''' ,'''If a farmer is happy within a corporate set-up, he can choose that. If he is happy with his arthiya, he can stick with that.''' ,'''As a Sikh, I would say that the opening of the Kartarpur corridor is a positive sign for millions, but I am still not very sure of Pakistani designs.''' ,'''We have controlled the law and order to ensure that the people of Punjab can live and breathe in peace, without fear.''' ,'''When I became the CM in 2002, I had to quit the boards of some institutions, where I was a member.''' ,'''Modi's impact on Punjab is zero because of large-scale corruption.''' ,'''We have found Kashmiri terrorists in Punjab. How are we expected to tolerate all this?''' ,'''Let me say at the outset, there would be no space for vendetta politics in Punjab.''' ,'''While we do not want war, we will not tolerate any bullying by Beijing.''' ,'''I represent a state that accounts for most of the food production in India.''' ,'''Delhi is a Punjabi city and everyone has relations in Punjab.''' ,'''Punjabi farmers are very enterprising, but they need to know where to sell the produce and what the end cost will be.''' ,'''No matter what Akalis say; they squandered money on 'sangat darshans' and finished off everything - land sold, building sold and earnings of undertakings like the Mandi Board mortgaged for seven years.''' ,'''We didn't lose the Punjab State elections for any other reason but the fact that seats were wrongly allocated.''' ,'''In five years of my previous tenure, the treasury was never shut for one day.''' ,'''The social media of Aam Aadmi Party was the best and they wove such a wonderful net that even I started wondering that they seem to be very strong.''' ,'''When I left the army and took up farming, the wheat crop would be over your head and yet we wouldn't have enough.''' ,'''If a constable is a woman, she does the same job as a man.''' ,'''Maize is used both as fodder and grain in the state. A large number of fodder-baled silage units have come up in Punjab, which take maize crop from the farmers at reasonable price and turn it into baled silage.''' ,'''The Indian Army is as powerful, if not more, than the Chinese.''' ,'''In 60 years I'm yet to meet a Chief Minister who blames others for his own inability to work.''' ,'''I have a hostile country on my western border. On the north of us, we have China. These two countries are going to collude.''' ,'''As for people questioning the Balakot strikes, I think people have the right to question.''' ,'''As the Prime Minister of India, Modiji is as much responsible for the welfare of Punjab as I am and his political affiliations are really not material when it comes to the betterment of any State or its people, including Punjab.''' ,'''From the CAA to farm laws, all sorts of legislations have been imposed by the BJP aimed at disturbing peace and stability of Punjab and the nation as a whole.''' ,'''It is unfortunate that people chose the star power of Sunny Deol over the hard work of Sunil Jakhar. Maybe our democracy is yet to become evolved to separate the wheat from the chaff.''' ,'''It has become a big tragedy in a way: if somebody's parents has 2 acres, they get them to sell the land and send them abroad. They go abroad and leave their parents in the lurch. It is becoming a big problem. That is why we are concentrating on industrialization of Punjab so that we can create jobs here and keep our children here.''' ,'''We can bring diversification through industry.''' ,'''We want to give unemployment allowance and it is just a question of time and fund availability.''' ,'''I am not striking any note. I am just putting the facts before the people, that it is the Pakistan Army which is spreading terror in India, sending terrorists to Punjab, and I won't stand for it.''' ,'''Punjab has to tighten its belt and increase its revenue.''' ,'''While the peace process should continue, India must not lower its guard. We can't allow our people, soldiers and police to be killed by militants from across the border - Pakistan needs to own up responsibility.''' ,'''Anyone who feels I am going soft on the drugs menace has not checked out the facts nor seen the situation on the ground.''' ,'''I have never looked at Bargari as a political issue.''' ,'''Narendra Modi doesn't exist in Punjab, neither are national issues relevant here.''' ,'''You have to live. I cannot say you cut off your income and become corrupt.''' ,'''When I was in the Western Command from 1964 to 1967, I think 100 strikes must have happened. They just have given it a new name 'surgical strikes.' We used to call it cross border raid.''' ,'''With its largely agrarian society, Punjab is affected more than many other states by the Centre's anti-farmer stance.''' ,'''Unfortunately, when the drug problem started some years ago, nobody took it seriously.''' ,'''The BJP has been trampling over democratic and constitutional principles since it came to power at the Centre in 2014.''' ,'''Every farmer in Punjab grows paddy and wheat besides cotton in the south western districts.''' ,'''In 1947, who was the PM? In 1962, who was the PM? Similarly, in 1965 and 1971, who was the PM? We divided Pakistan. Indira Gandhi did it but she never said 'I got it done.'''' ,'''If the Government can talk to China, which has been infiltrating into our territories and grabbing our land for months now, why should they suspend talks with their own farmers, our own people?''' ,'''The Chinese are just not trustworthy, as we have seen before.''' ,'''Government better be on its toes. I have been warning them for a long time that Pakistan is trying to infiltrate the borders. Their weapons are coming in.''' ,'''You know the fact is that whenever there is a celebration for a person as great as Guru Nanakji, it is done by the government.''' ,'''If Punjab could remain unaffected by the Hindutva plank and vote for development agenda, then the tide can, and will, turn in other states too.''' ,'''India's lifeline is the farmers and its agriculture system, and destroying them would mean an end for the country's food security and self-sufficiency.''' ,'''Time is over for hate politics.''' ,'''Administrative failures can lead to severe political crisis - Parkash Singh Badal is a perfect example.''' ,'''The spirit of cooperation between the Centre and states has been diluted in many ways.''' ,'''I also welcomed the Kartarpur corridor. I think it is a good step but I can't go to Pakistan when terrorist acts are being carried out here.''' ,'''You may have Leftist ideologies, southern Punjab always had a leftist ideology.''' ,'''I was horrified to visit our universities and find that at the Punjab Agriculture University or at the Animal and Husbandry University, we don't have scientists.''' ,'''See in old days, there were only two parties nationally, Congress and BJP... Now there are regional leaders. Time has come to pick up regional leaders in these national parties and build political campaign around them who can challenge regional parties.''' ,'''I have done over 50 years in politics and this trial by media is unacceptable to me. Anybody can take any stand, and then run editorials... The media creates a hype, the opposition starts shouting, I sack my ministers... how do I run my government?''' ,'''The BJP lacks the sense of history.''' ,'''The fiscal crisis faced by the states especially in the light of the pandemic could lead to serious problems between the Centre and states going forward unless some Constitutional remedy is found.''' ,'''The reason I vouched for reopening liquor vends despite the pandemic was that there was no other source of revenue than excise duty.''' ,'''Industry has left Punjab. Economy has collapsed.''' ,'''Why should somebody who joined the Congress three years ago become the president in place of Jakhar who has spent his life in the party?''' ,'''We have to penalize those who desecrated Guru Granth Sahib.''' ,'''This whole business of calling farmers all kinds of cheap names, such as Khalistanis, Urban Naxalites, was resorted to by BJP to weaken and damage the farmers' battle against the farm laws.''' ,'''We must decentralize to deal with regional satraps.''' ,'''The Akalis, for 10 years, messed up Punjab, and the Aam Aadmi Party is totally inexperienced - all they do is shout.''' ,'''Arun Jaitely challenged me to a debate on national affairs, but when I said he should include Amritsar and Punjab in the discussion, he shied away. He didn't agree because he doesn't know much about Punjab.''' ,'''All states have to be on board with the common objective of checking supply of various types of drugs.''' ,'''It is not my job, as Chief Minister, to probe crimes or pronounce anyone guilty. My priority lies in bringing Punjab out of the chaos in which it has been left by the previous government.''' ,'''You can't desecrate Guru Granth Sahib, Gita or Quran.''' ,'''Companies such as Wipro and Infosys are giving good jobs and salaries.''' ,'''Till 1966 when the Green Revolution came to Punjab, nobody grew this crop. Only when farmers saw money in it, did they start rice cultivation.''' ,'''The Badals have grown richer while Punjab is on the verge of bankruptcy.''' ,'''Green Revolution 1.0 came in 1966-67. I was a farmer then myself. Back then, we were getting food from wherever there was a surplus, Australia, the U.S., Canada. We signed an agreement with Americans and were getting wheat from them.''' ,'''As far Bikram Singh Majithia is concerned, let me reiterate what I have maintained all through, even during my election rallies. That my government will not indulge in any vendetta politics, but at the same time, anyone found guilty of any crime or misdemeanor will not be spared.''' ,'''There are no jobs. People out of sheer frustration say we've seen the Akalis, we've seen the Congress, let's give these guys a chance.''' ,'''I don't believe in death penalty even though my background is soldiering.''' ,'''If you are an addict yourself, how are you going to fight drugs? That's why the dope test is compulsory for Punjab Police personnel and youngsters joining, regardless of what newspapers are saying that women should be exempted.''' ,'''Those who indulged in the violence at Red Fort were not genuine farmers but some anti-social elements.''' ,'''Every member of the Congress has access to the top leadership. It is not a question of proximity but if somebody shares a personal equation with any of the leaders it is really no reason for concern or insecurity as long as it is not at the cost of merit and performance.''' ,'''I speak my heart out. My outspokenness and forthrightness won hearts.''' ,]
+++