+++
author = "Kat Edmonson"
title = "Kat Edmonson Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Kat Edmonson Quotes"
keywords = "kat edmonson,kat edmonson quotes,kat edmonson quote,kat edmonson sayings,kat edmonson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Few things parallel the bonding that occurs post-performance when congratulatory remarks are awarded, regrets are confessed, and gossip is exchanged.''' ,'''I'm always inspired to write, and it's usually my own life experiences that inspire me.''' ,'''I want to tour, everywhere I can, all of the world.''' ,'''When I was driving home after registration, I heard this song on the radio, a guy singing about not ever going to class in college and always hanging out and singing for his friends. I laughed and said, I can relate, because it was so much like me. I realized right then I would pull out of school and pursue a music career.''' ,'''I grew up with my mom; it was just the two of us.''' ,'''Growing up, my imagined life as a musician was something along the lines of me lounging in a Learjet en route to a swelling outdoor amphitheatre on a dazzling summer's eve.''' ,'''I want to play more festivals.''' ,'''Jazz is progressive, and it's alive.''' ,'''Very often, writing a song is a process that happens to me rather than one that I instigate. I feel a song coming on and, like a sneeze; I wait for it until it comes.''' ,'''For 'Way Down Low', I was particularly inspired by a breakup I was going through and a transition I was making from Austin to New York.''' ,'''The first song that I remember writing in its entirety was when I was 9 years old. I wrote it on a bus, on a field trip. It was called 'Mystery Man,' and in retrospect, it was the beginning of my exploration of what it was like to have a man in your life, because I didn't.''' ,'''I have a very specific memory of watching 'Singing in the Rain,' and looking at myself in the mirror after watching it and perceiving myself as one of those people that I was just watching on T.V. It was just kind of a knowing that this would be the world that I would enter into. And that's what I did.''' ,'''When I tend to belt, it kind of reminds me of like a more '60s girl doo-wop kind of belting.''' ,'''When I was very young I knew that I wanted to be in show business. I knew that I wanted to be an entertainer.''' ,'''I started growing my audience in small clubs through word-of-mouth. I started making music that isn't necessarily commercially viable, and it's not necessarily marketable to my peers to a certain extent.''' ,'''New York musicians rarely have the time for idle chat and conversation after a gig. Despite popular assumption of our scintillating after-hours, that illusion is overtaken by the constant hustle to juggle a part-time or full-time job, a myriad of errands, a second or third gig of the day, and perhaps a child or two somewhere.''' ,'''I would spend hours absorbing every intonation, every inflection - how the singer would convey a sentiment and how it would sound coming out of their head. All of those things I very carefully watched and absorbed, and so I guess I was studying my whole life, although not in any sort of conventional way.''' ,]
+++