+++
author = "Caroline Flack"
title = "Caroline Flack Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Caroline Flack Quotes"
keywords = "caroline flack,caroline flack quotes,caroline flack quote,caroline flack sayings,caroline flack saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I used to be really comfortable with my body until I started hearing from people I didn't even know who have no relevance to me saying, 'You're ugly. You're fat. You're old.' And I thought, 'Hold on - I was doing alright until you piped up.'''' ,'''I didn't want to get skinny, just strong.''' ,'''Being 'Strictlyfied' is the opposite to who I am normally, but on this show, you definitely have to go with the flow.''' ,'''My dream is to have a family, hopefully while still working.''' ,'''What made the biggest difference to how I looked and felt was cutting out all sugar.''' ,'''Anti-depressants helped me get up in the morning and stopped me from being sad, but what they also do is stop you from being happy. So I was just in this numb state. I stopped laughing at jokes, and that's just not me.''' ,'''I'm not going to give up enjoying food.''' ,'''When I was at primary school, around seven years old, I was underweight, so I'd be back and forth to the doctors to get weighed. It was a lot to do with being a twin. Jo was healthy, but I just couldn't put on weight.''' ,'''You can't judge others. You never know what's going on in their mind or body.''' ,'''I'd hate to not enjoy food.''' ,'''I've always had a job. I left home when I was 16, and you have to look after yourself.''' ,'''Everyone is battling something emotional behind closed doors - that's life.''' ,'''Sometimes you think things are going to be forever, and then... of course, they're not.''' ,'''If I was trained as a dancer then I probably would have been a dancer, and I'm not.''' ,'''You'd think maybe I can pretend I'm an expert on love, but I'm not.''' ,'''Being engaged was the best feeling in the world - that someone wants to spend the rest of their life with you.''' ,'''Cutting sugar made the most difference to my body. It's the devil. It's addictive, and it's in so many things you wouldn't even think of. Sugar is put in sauces, breads, and yoghurts. It's not always obvious, but so many things are packed in sugar.''' ,'''I don't normally try to stay trim over the festive period - a nice little shift dress and some tights always hides the Christmas bulge.''' ,'''I think I'm insecure about what every girl is insecure about, looks and stuff like that, but it's not a big deal.''' ,'''I put the Manuka Doctor Targeted Wrinkle Filler around my eyes - it is a great pick me up for when my eyes are tired.''' ,'''I like good food, and I'll eat until I'm full.''' ,'''Relationships are bloody hard enough without people prodding them.''' ,'''I think all people who've been on 'Strictly' like to talk to others who've been on the show and share their experience. And it's always exactly the same. You go through the same emotions. It never quite leaves you. It's always just here somewhere. It's a real magical thing to have taken part in. It's not so much a job - it's more of an experience.''' ,'''Moroccan Oil shampoo is my miracle product. My hair becomes so manageable and silky after using it.''' ,'''Fame doesn't make you happy.''' ,'''If you like someone, even if its 2 A.M. and you've just finished work, then you get that lovely feeling where you want to see them.''' ,'''People see the celebrity lifestyle and assume everything is perfect, but we're just like everyone else.''' ,'''Television is where I'm most at home. I'm not one of those TV presenters who secretly yearns to be a Hollywood actress. Live telly is what I thrive on.''' ,'''Love comes in all different shapes and forms - from friendship and sisters and mums - and as I've got older, I've definitely learned that some of my happiest times have been when I've been on my own.''' ,'''I'm not very good at talking about my emotions.''' ,'''I'm always starving in the morning, so I eat a lot for breakfast. It's usually scrambled or poached eggs, bacon, avocado, mushrooms, or sometimes even steak.''' ,'''I don't believe in ghosts. I'm a real sceptic.''' ,'''When your mates break up with their boyfriends, it's hard to see, but not all relationships last forever. Let's be realistic.''' ,'''I think sometimes people say a comment and don't realise they're body shaming. I don't think people are body-shamers, maybe just body-judgers. People will say throw-away comments.''' ,'''I love MAC Smouldering Eyes. The really creamy formula means it's easily smudged, creating an attitude for the evening.''' ,'''You don't feel bad when you're dancing. You can't feel unhappy; it's impossible. It's such a natural way to release endorphins.''' ,'''I never really enjoyed cardio.''' ,'''I've always got time for a relationship.''' ,'''I went to Tokyo when I was a child, but there's still so much of the country I'd like to explore.''' ,'''My body's weird and bent in different ways, but it's handy for the tango!''' ,'''There's a lot of things you can't change about yourself, so there's no point moaning about it. I mean, I've got a really nonsymmetrical face, but I can't change it - well, I probably could, actually!''' ,'''Don't put your love life on Instagram! It's nice to celebrate how you feel at a particular time, but don't get carried away.''' ,'''My first ambition was musical theatre, but I realised quite early on that I wouldn't make the grade.''' ,'''Diets play with your mind rather than your body, so if I'm doing a diet, I think about food more than if I'm just eating normally.''' ,'''I like having curves.''' ,'''While anti-depressants can work for some people, I became a little too reliant on them - if you forget to take one, you feel awful.''' ,'''I take care of my skin and always have.''' ,'''The fame game's fun, but it's not forever.''' ,'''I love burgers, and I love chips.''' ,'''The best fitness tip is that you don't need to be out of breath and do cardio to get in shape.''' ,'''I had three brilliant years on 'The X Factor,' and it was one of the best jobs I've ever had. 'Strictly' is completely different; it's a whole different show - I'm dancing. It's not presenting. But this is one of the best things I've done - ever.''' ,'''I still speak every day on my WhatsApp to the girls I was in 'Strictly' with.''' ,'''There's so much pressure to be at a certain level in your job and at a certain place in your life, but if everyone was doing things at the same time, then life would be so boring. Everyone reaches different stages at different times.''' ,'''I love the Manuka Doctor ApiRefine CC Cream in SPF 20. it balances out the skin and creates a great base for foundation.''' ,'''I don't think 'X Factor' would put someone in front of the camera on purpose if they were ill. I don't think that's something they would do. There's psychologists who test out all the contestants before they go on.''' ,'''I still feel 18, and I probably act that way half the time.''' ,'''I prefer being a non-drinker.''' ,'''I know I could probably fake love for a couple of days, but I couldn't fake it for more than three or four days, and neither could you. I don't think any of us can.''' ,'''I don't believe for a second 'X Factor' would deliberately put someone through who wasn't mentally stable.''' ,'''Before, if I'd had a stressful day, I'd go to meet my friends in the pub and have a moan. Now I go to yoga.''' ,'''I've now done virtually everything there is to do in TV presenting: I've done sport shows, comedy shows, and I'm now doing music, which is great for me.''' ,'''With all the things like Tinder and these different online sites that people use, 'Love Island' actually goes back to the traditional side of dating.''' ,'''I know when I'm around someone I love, I turn into a complete... Oh my God, I'm going to say it... a melt!''' ,'''Most nights, I'm happy to stay at home with a DVD and a bowl of lettuce.''' ,'''I love Holly Willoughby on 'This Morning.'''' ,'''I always said I was never going to be one of those people to Instagram myself in the gym. But as soon as you get into exercise and get a taste of how brilliant it makes you feel, you want to share it!''' ,'''We all have relationships - I've had relationships in my past, and I don't look back on them and think, 'That was a mistake.'''' ,'''I'd much rather be known for what I do than what I look like.''' ,'''When I went to college, being thin was seen as good, so everyone told me I was normal. Then you get older, and you start putting on weight, and you're like, 'Oh God, I used to be really small.' Then you get into the world of media, and you just feel the pressure massively.''' ,'''The best advice is to exercise; then you can eat what you want!''' ,'''I have no regrets about doing 'Strictly.' This is the biggest achievement of my life.''' ,'''My Glitterball still has pride of place in my living room!''' ,'''I studied performing arts at college and wanted to act.''' ,'''I think relationships are the one area you should keep private, because there's nothing worse than people talking about them.''' ,'''I live hour by hour, day by day. I can't even plan a holiday. I go on holiday, like, the day after I book it.''' ,'''It's so important to have a private life.''' ,'''I love pressure.''' ,'''The thing about Prince Harry is that he has no choice. He's not some egotistical rock star who wants loads of attention. That is his life. He didn't ask for it, but he just has to deal with it.''' ,'''The only person that can define you is you. Nobody else can.''' ,'''I think that's just part of what people do and part of being a female in the media. One day it's, 'Doesn't she look thin,' then the next day, 'She's put on weight.'''' ,'''I don't fear being single at all.''' ,'''No relationship is easier just because you're in the public eye.''' ,'''I'll have a Chinese takeaway now and again.''' ,'''I'm not very good with words, weirdly.''' ,''''Strictly' is definitely life-changing, and I hope it can open another pathway for me, career-wise. Maybe something a bit more musical.''' ,'''I have loads of cellulite!''' ,'''A lot of the time, people think I have a high opinion of myself when I really don't.''' ,'''We've all had relationships; I've had them in my past, and I don't look back on them and think, 'Ah, that was a mistake.' I take what I learnt and move onto the next one.''' ,'''I'm not a fitness buff.''' ,'''Mac Face and Body foundation - I wear that even when I'm in a bikini.''' ,'''The anxiety I get more when I'm not working. So actually work, for me, takes away my anxiety, and doing live TV, in that moment when you're consumed by something else, it takes away all of my thoughts. It distracts you!''' ,'''I was a bit of a sickly child!''' ,'''I trained as a dancer and did all that kind of stuff. And as a dancer, pressure's a good thing.''' ,'''It's good to have flaws; it's learning to love your flaws.''' ,'''Hot yoga is something that I forced myself to get into. When I first did it, I thought, 'How on earth am I going to get through an hour and a half of this?' because I was so hot.''' ,'''I was a magician's assistant and had to go in the box that they put the swords through, and there's no trick to it. You literally have to dodge the swords.''' ,'''Ever since I was a presenter on CBBC and used to see the 'Strictly' judges walking around Television Centre, I have wanted to be on the show.''' ,'''When it came to dancing and acting at school, my sister was the talented one. To get even close to her, I had to work incredibly hard.''' ,'''I never weigh myself.''' ,]
+++