+++
author = "Neena Gupta"
title = "Neena Gupta Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Neena Gupta Quotes"
keywords = "neena gupta,neena gupta quotes,neena gupta quote,neena gupta sayings,neena gupta saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have always received roles of strong women from the beginning.''' ,'''I can look Punjabi, South Indian, gareeb and ameer too.''' ,'''I take audience reaction very seriously.''' ,'''Masaba has helped me break some taboos, like wearing off-white with white or sneakers with a fancy gown. She's given me the confidence to carry off stuff, which looks nice.''' ,'''Whether I act or direct I ensure that there is a social message attached.''' ,'''My profession is to change myself according to my role and I work hard on it.''' ,'''It's so strange that God has had his way of looking after me.''' ,'''My mother was a Gandhian and very strict.''' ,'''Everything is destined, I believe... People you meet and end up marrying.''' ,'''I don't say one thing and do another.''' ,'''The fact that my parents were both educated and held certain values very dearly, like honesty, self-respect and integrity, meant that I could steer clear of many pitfalls.''' ,'''The entire unit of 'Saath Phere' is like an extended family for me.''' ,'''I have lived a life of many shades and am very thankful to God for what he has given me and not given me.''' ,'''As women, we always crave for family and a loving partner and in our quest to find that happy space we overlook a lot of things.''' ,'''I used to tell myself that I am a good actor, I have a good body, I have a pretty face, have long hair, have a good soul, so if there is one thing I don't have, don't make a big issue of it.''' ,'''I know I do good work.''' ,'''Marriage happened very late for me. It took place at a time, when my definition of companionship had really narrowed down.''' ,'''There are mothers who sacrifice their dreams for family and feel terrible about it. There are mothers who are career women as well, without being apologetic about it.''' ,'''My role was cut from 'Sooryavanshi' because the track was not working for the film. So they had to take it out.''' ,'''My image is a media-built image. I'm not what my image is.''' ,'''I am an actor, I can do any role.''' ,'''Who ever lives life on their own terms?''' ,'''If you don't have one thing, what's the big deal? Not everybody has everything.''' ,'''It is very tough to bring up a child on your own.''' ,'''My mother was very interested for me to become an IAS officer.''' ,'''I'm a very shy person and find it difficult to ask for work even if I know somebody for ages.''' ,'''Men should never be the prime focus of women's life.''' ,'''Traditionally, our society has always seen women as homemakers and men as bread-earners. The demarcations are engraved in stone, perhaps.''' ,'''With 'Badhaai Ho,' I loved the script but was anxious that someone else might get the role.''' ,'''I've always decided that I would never be dependant on a man.''' ,'''Once you decide to marry, you have to work at it to keep it rocking.''' ,'''I have found ways to kill this ever-present feeling of loneliness. I try a new dish and experiment with food, I'll clean my cupboard, do the little things in the house, and I keep myself busy. I find things to do.''' ,'''We all want to be appreciated. Don't we?''' ,'''I think everyone is lonely whether you are in a good marriage or a bad marriage somewhere down the line you become lonely, and to get rid of that loneliness you have to try really hard.''' ,'''I lost my mother to cancer, so once Masaba was born, my father moved from Old Delhi to live with me in Mumbai.''' ,'''I don't know if any woman is completely happy with the way she leads her life or with the way people treat her.''' ,'''I simply love doing household chores and cooking.''' ,'''I want to try something on situational comedy.''' ,'''The media had built my perception of being a strong woman because of my personal life. I wanted to play the damsel in distress, but I wasn't given an opportunity to explore that kind of a character.''' ,'''I didn't want to get married to somebody just because I was ageing and wanted a child.''' ,'''Films are a business. They take who's working.''' ,'''The more trauma and bad experiences you have, the more you are able to laugh on yourself and the situation.''' ,'''Oh, I love reality shows.''' ,'''It is close to impossible to find a man who can bear with a woman, who is a notch above or equal to him. Such men are still not there in this world. It is like we will always be facing trouble in our lives.''' ,'''I didn't do anything with the thought that I want to go against society or bend any rules.''' ,'''I believe that you need your parents the most. That's the most important thing.''' ,'''My first car was a second-hand Padmini Standard that I bought for '25,000 in 1985. It was a lot of money for me. The Padmini Standard was one of those small cars which was very popular during that time. However, I never drove the car and still don't drive one.''' ,'''I usually don't get the movies I audition for.''' ,'''I'm not a strong woman at all. And I'm not a feminist. In fact, I'm very weak.''' ,'''Nobody wants to take a risk with scripts that push the envelope.''' ,'''Saath Saath' was my first big mistake!''' ,'''Life is very tough for women. When you are a certain age, you are left alone at home with no one to share your life with.''' ,'''I won't get a role if I say I want to do that. It depends on how saleable you're at that time.''' ,'''Apart from the money actors earn, it is the love and appreciation that keeps everyone looking forward to do more.''' ,'''It's important that you are not embarrassed when you try something new.''' ,'''I am genuinely interested in comedy and I know that I have good comic timing as well.''' ,'''Doing theatre in Delhi didn't guarantee success in Mumbai.''' ,'''I had enjoyed 'Big Boss.'''' ,'''What I went through in personal life had a big impression on my professional choices.''' ,'''No two mothers are the same.''' ,'''I watch lots of American shows like 'Desperate Housewives' and so on.''' ,'''My problem is that I can do variety of roles.''' ,'''It was a mistake not to marry at the right age. When you get older, even men aren't interested in you.''' ,'''In theatre, there is a camaraderie that makes you believe you've been working with your co-actor for a long time.''' ,'''I lie very little and am a very straight-forward person.''' ,'''I got offered big roles after 'Badhaai Ho' but if the film hadn't worked, I wouldn't have gotten. It's business, nobody is emotional about it.''' ,'''If you do one big commercial film and it's a hit, everybody takes you for that particular kind of a role.''' ,'''I've realised that nothing that happens is so grim that life can't go on. Life always goes on, no matter what. Even in the grimmest situation, I see hope.''' ,'''You can't take me for granted!''' ,'''As an actor I am prepared for every role, that's my profession.''' ,'''I think I don't complain much about cars because I don't drive.''' ,'''I am by and large an honest person, I have nothing to hide.''' ,'''The condition of women in our country is so bad that compared to them I have been through nothing. I have just had a child out of wedlock, but I get to be the face of the independent modern woman. I don't think it is fair.''' ,'''I've evolved with time and learnt from my daughter which designers and singers are in.''' ,'''I'm was a very shy person, a very shy person and couldn't go to people in my college. We used to do plays, and I would never get the main female role. I would always get a boys' role because it was a girls college and I was a little taller than other girls.''' ,'''Loneliness is always there, it's a phase that comes and goes and it is a very difficult phase.''' ,'''I want to do comedy and an action role.''' ,'''My upbringing saved me.''' ,'''I know many big stars who asked for work when they were out of it.''' ,'''It takes effort to not be lonely.''' ,'''I was an innocent Delhi girl, which is good for an actress, but worked against me when I shifted to Mumbai.''' ,'''Coming back to 'Saath Phere' after a break of more than six months is like walking into an old home.''' ,'''This whole thing about a woman staying alone and being happy is just a myth. Everyone needs someone in their lives.''' ,'''I'd like do a film which I can carry entirely on my own.''' ,'''I posted something on Instagram saying I am looking for meaningful work. At that time, I was sure my daughter Masaba would be angry. She however, reposted it and wrote another beautiful post. She is a very good writer. That post almost changed things for me. I am glad I did what I did.''' ,'''I can laugh at my own grief.''' ,'''I made a few mistakes in the beginning of my career. I didn't have anybody to guide me. I didn't have a secretary. I didn't call up directors, or meet people asking for roles.''' ,'''In PhD, my topic was Stage Techniques in Sanskrit Drama - theory and practice. I wanted to combine my drama training with Sanskrit drama, which has a very rich history in literature.''' ,'''I made '4,000 every month from 'Khandaan.'''' ,'''I can never doubt anyone's capabilities. I feel everyone has a talent which takes time to come out.''' ,'''Yes, I have found a loving husband and family in Delhi.''' ,'''I always wanted to do good work and play strong parts.''' ,'''I know people who've had dreams unrealised due to circumstances.''' ,'''Every child needs both parents.''' ,'''I was offered 'Bigg Boss' twice but I can't do such shows.''' ,'''I feel that I have not got my due in films. However, I did a lot of good work on television and that's why I never got typecast.''' ,'''I used to not get work even on TV, but wherever I went, they'd treat me with respect but never offer work.''' ,'''I am very much aware that I am considered a 'strong woman.' And I am also aware that that is only because I had a child outside wedlock.''' ,'''Even though I did things which were not in accordance with the society's norms, deep down, I am an orthodox woman.''' ,]
+++