+++
author = "Paulie Malignaggi"
title = "Paulie Malignaggi Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Paulie Malignaggi Quotes"
keywords = "paulie malignaggi,paulie malignaggi quotes,paulie malignaggi quote,paulie malignaggi sayings,paulie malignaggi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wasn't exactly born with a silver spoon in my mouth.''' ,'''You can teach defensive wizardry, but you need the talent to go with it. You have to be born with that natural defensive radar.''' ,'''I believe it's going to be easier to stop Ricky Hatton than it will be to stop Lovemore N'dou.''' ,'''I would love to fight Ricky Hatton.''' ,'''I'm looking forward to a long, fruitful career now behind the mic, staying around the sport I love so much and the sport that changed my life for the better.''' ,'''Pacquiao has generated a lot of positive press for our sport, and that is something no one can complain about.''' ,'''He's a guy I should beat pretty handily. I shouldn't have a competitive fight with Jose Miguel Cotto, in my eyes.''' ,'''People view you differently when you're a world champion.''' ,'''I'm sure Adrien Broner would jump at the opportunity to pick up two belts in one night, and I think a lot of big names would take that opportunity.''' ,'''Ricky Hatton has no sense of anticipation of what's coming his way. You can teach him all you want, but he doesn't have those instincts.''' ,'''I'm a boxer by nature, so, obviously, the jab is always key - but it is nice to know you've got a right hand behind it.''' ,'''UFC has unbelievable fans, and boxing has unbelievable fans.''' ,'''I wouldn't be surprised if I knocked Ricky Hatton out. It's something that people are going to read and think I'm ridiculous, but if you look beyond what you see with naked eye, every time he gets hit clean, he's hurt.''' ,'''A lot of people in barber shops all over Brooklyn talk about Paulie Malignaggi v. Zab Judah.''' ,'''In camp, you're supposed to get comfortable at being uncomfortable; you have to be ready for when you are being punched in the mouth.''' ,'''I thought I would make so much money and be the next Ray Leonard. Maybe it was farfetched, but I thought I could be a megastar. I could fight, and I had a lot of crossover appeal that was necessary to promote myself. I thought I'd make a ton of money and live off of it the rest of my life.''' ,'''I have got better over the years, and I know what sort of fighter I am.''' ,'''I was never tested in my first 21 fights.''' ,'''I fought Miguel Cotto in Madison Square Garden on the eve of the Puerto Rican Day parade - it was like fighting the devil in Hell.''' ,'''It is tougher to control range on a guy who is as tall, lengthy, and busy as Amir Khan, who has a very good jab.''' ,'''Hatton don't look much like a guy who thinks about commas. But he is a gentleman. His family are gentlemanly. Real classy people.''' ,'''I was an angry kid, and boxing kept me out of trouble.''' ,'''I try to do everything I can to make sure I stick in people's minds.''' ,'''I do think Wilder can be a household name in America. He is a good fighter, and he has knockout power and has knockout potential, which is what you need as a heavyweight.''' ,'''The Americans love Carl Froch. He has brought nothing but excitement to these shores in those Super Six victories he produced.''' ,'''I'm telling you, Amir Khan gives Floyd Mayweather problems.''' ,'''Sometimes it's kind of strange, and it's definitely something I have to work on in the future, but when I'm big favourite in fights, it's almost like I try too hard and try to force things to happen. That always seems to take a bad turn and makes my performance look bad, even if I win.''' ,'''Madison Square Gardens is the Mecca of boxing.''' ,'''Range control is a big part of Floyd Mayweather's arsenal.''' ,'''My whole life, nothing was handed to me. I had to go out in the world and get it.''' ,'''Everyone knows I love my fans. I wouldn't change them for the world. They have been by my side and haven't left me even when times have been tough. I try to chat with all my fans on Twitter.''' ,'''I want to be given my credit and want to be given my respect.''' ,'''No talking has ever gotten me out of my game. The things that have gotten me out of my game in the past have definitely not been talking.''' ,'''I'm proud of my Italian roots, and I've always believed that I would get the chance to fight for the belt.''' ,'''If I know my showboating bothers you, I'll keep doing it. If playing with your mind is part of the arsenal, and I know it works, then I'm going to continue doing it.''' ,'''You've got to be really hurt to stop a fight, especially to stop a championship fight.''' ,'''My grandfather and my uncle took me to the gym. I was kinda wild; they thought that boxing would teach me a lesson, but I don't think in their wildest dreams they could imagine the success I would have.''' ,'''I have the experience to beat Hatton. I've been on the big stage.''' ,'''It takes more than talent to get to the top.''' ,'''Guys get hurt in fights. It doesn't mean you stop a fight every time somebody gets hurt.''' ,'''I'm all about trying to accomplish more in my life as best I can, be it in the ring or outside the ring.''' ,'''The Hatton fight left a bad taste in my mouth.''' ,'''I just try to be the best fighter I can be.''' ,'''I'm not looking to be an opponent and have a promoter match me with their up-and-coming star.''' ,'''As long as the crowd make noise, I will be in my element, whether it is booing or cheering. The main thing is I get a reaction of some kind.''' ,'''I haven't got the credit I deserved sometimes, and some of it's my fault.''' ,'''It's a shame I have to hurt people. I'm a nice guy.''' ,'''It's always been a dream of mine to fight for the European title.''' ,'''They put everything that's wrong with boxing in one room, did everything that's wrong with boxing in that room, and gave birth to Adrien Broner.''' ,'''I'm a competitor in anything I do, especially boxing.''' ,'''I'm not a complete idiot that just accuses people of something without having my reasons to believe what it is I'm saying.''' ,'''I'm not complaining. I've made a very good living from boxing, better than any living I possibly could have done. Having said that, you don't live the rest of your life off the money you make in boxing. You still have to create positive forms of income.''' ,'''We both do a lot of similar things with speed and boxing ability, but I think I've got some tricks up my sleeve for Zab. Zab will probably tell you he's got some tricks up his sleeve for me.''' ,'''When I retire, everyone is going to respect me for fighting the big names.''' ,'''People are going to forget all about Herman Ngoudjo after our fight.''' ,'''I think I should I have beaten Ricky Hatton. I never thought he was so great, I really think I have the style to beat him. I never thought he was that good, you know.''' ,'''I can't make it doing anything else, the amount of money. Obviously, anybody can go to work and make money, but the paycheck I make boxing, I'm not going to make anywhere else.''' ,'''I don't really have the desire, as far as love of the game. It's more about the paycheck I can make.''' ,'''I didn't mentally prepare as well for Ngoudjo as I should have. I was a little lax in the fight.''' ,'''I don't want to be a punching bag.''' ,'''Being the champion and getting a unification fight in your house gives you certain advantages.''' ,'''In fights when I've had the odds stacked against me, I definitely perform better because it's like a challenge to me - and I always like a challenge.''' ,'''To say 'I quit' brings a lot of criticism, but to get disqualified and say the ref was unfair and harsh, in denial - fans will jump on that.''' ,'''You need new ways to keep motivating yourself, and creative ways are part of the formula.''' ,'''Dealing with my first pro loss was the toughest adversity of my career.''' ,'''British boxing fans are amazing, and the O2 is one of the best venues in the world.''' ,'''You get the reality checks during the course of your adult life and your career, and you realize that as good as the money in boxing is, most of the time people most don't make Ray Leonard or Oscar De La Hoya money, even if you make very good money.''' ,'''I don't want to lose to an average champion. I want to lose to a great champion.''' ,'''Preparation in Miami is always good because of the weather.''' ,'''Money can make money if you're intelligent about it and don't waste it the wrong way.''' ,'''I want to win at everything I'm doing. It doesn't matter what it is. I want to beat the person that I'm competing against.''' ,'''I'm a very competitive person.''' ,'''Linares is one of those fighters that always oozes quality and class.''' ,'''I have always admired Zab's skills, and his resume speaks for itself.''' ,'''For me, that is what made Leonard-Hearns stand out, because they made adjustments on each other, and it went back and forth continually. One had the advantage, then the other, then back to the first one, and so on.''' ,'''You don't have to like me as a person - I understand that I can get on people's nerves with the antics I do in the ring. This is not a popularity contest. I'm trying to do whatever I can to win the fight.''' ,'''You can be taught so much, but the sense of anticipation cannot be taught.''' ,'''At training camp, you brainwash yourself into thinking every,day is the same, no weekends or holidays. It's all the same - a work day. You develop a mental state to just work hard and get ready for the fight.''' ,'''When I was part of McGregor's sparring camp, I struggled to find words to compliment him; I knew he couldn't fight from the first moment we sparred. It's very hard to find nice things to say about his skills. Perhaps his best attribute is his intensity, but he has to do it cleanly.''' ,'''I am a welterweight, so do I want to fight Mayweather or Pacquiao? To be honest, it has not entered my head.''' ,'''I'm a fighter. That's what I do. I am a fighter to the core.''' ,'''Sometimes, when it comes to multiple-weight world champions, they have so much skill that it eliminates the excitement out of the fights.''' ,'''I know a lot of people want to see me fight in Italy.''' ,'''American fight fans are in tune to Joshua because they know what he's done, especially to Klitschko, and there is nothing not to like about him.''' ,'''Jose Miguel Cotto may not have the resume of his brother, but he's a good fighter.''' ,'''I do best when guys come at me. Stylistically, the Ricky Hatton fight is the best fight for me.''' ,'''My father took my mother, me, and my brother from Sicily to New York. He got us one-way tickets but booked himself a return flight. He dumped us with my mother's parents, who had just arrived from Italy, and abandoned us. That was 1986. I didn't see or speak to him for another 12 years. That's cruel.''' ,'''I try to keep it sweet, but trash-talking is fun, and people want to see if a brash kid like me can live up to his patter.''' ,'''Once you come to America, you're fighting top fighters. They're not going to let you get away with the guys you're fighting in England: you're going to have to fight constant monsters.''' ,'''My mother really struggled when we were young. She was on food stamps and welfare. Looking back, I know we didn't have a lot, but I never felt I was at a loss for anything.''' ,'''People say I don't punch hard, but I say, 'Get in the ring with me and see if it hurts.'''' ,'''There was a time in Amir Khan's career when you had to fight him; you couldn't really box him. You wouldn't see Amir take beatings: if he lost, he would just get caught and stopped. It was hard to catch him clean and keep up with him in the ring because he was such a dynamic fighter.''' ,'''Sometimes when you get older, you need to tone down the trash talking, and sometimes you need younger fighters to bring it out of you.''' ,'''I've got a really good job commentating and watching great fighters fight ringside.''' ,'''Financially, I don't have to fight again. I've done well for myself.''' ,'''I am a competitor, so I only want the best fighters in the world.''' ,'''Every year, you hope that boxing can provide some of the best fights possible. I think 2018 was one of the better years for boxing. A lot of good matchups were made, and a lot of tickets were sold.''' ,'''Hatton leads the wrong lifestyle to be a great fighter, and he does not have what it takes to be one of boxing's best.''' ,'''Kevin Johnson is the kind of guy that gives guys trouble. He gives a lot of guys trouble. He gave Vitali Klitschko trouble.''' ,'''They call me the Magic Man because I'm a classy fighter, a master of my craft, a good-looking Italian kid from Brooklyn who came through a dark and gritty life to find something magical.''' ,]
+++