+++
author = "Matt Cassel"
title = "Matt Cassel Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Matt Cassel Quotes"
keywords = "matt cassel,matt cassel quotes,matt cassel quote,matt cassel sayings,matt cassel saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Your leader on the offensive line is your center, because the communication really takes place between him and quarterback.''' ,'''There are definitely times when taking a sack is a better play than doing something else and trying to make a play when something is not there.''' ,'''With every look I can get and every defense I play against I get more experience.''' ,'''You can't play tentative.''' ,'''Unfortunately, I've been around a lot of organizations over my 14-year career that have dealt with off-field issues.''' ,'''The weather is the weather. You have to deal with whatever is out there.''' ,'''I've got a model wife.''' ,'''The hardest part sometimes is when you don't get the reps and you continue to push yourself to learn and understand what's really going on.''' ,'''Everybody is allowed to have their own opinion.''' ,'''I was in Minnesota in 2014 when Adrian Peterson was suspended. In that situation, we were about to play the Patriots when his suspension came out the Friday before the game.''' ,'''As a competitor, as a guy that wants to play, of course, it would be great to go out and play.''' ,'''I feel very blessed and lucky to have the opportunity to get out there and play. That's all you can ask for as a young guy trying to make it in this league.''' ,'''It's been a childhood dream of mine to be a Cowboy, honestly.''' ,'''Everything works out in weird ways in the NFL.''' ,'''It's just part of the NFL. There's going to be moving parts constantly. There's going to be roster changes. There's going to be coaches going somewhere else.''' ,'''When I was a kid, we used to play 'Madden' and 'NCAA Football' all the time. I have two brothers, so we grew up on these games.''' ,'''You never know from week to week how one team is going to attack you versus another team.''' ,'''I don't want anybody else's life.''' ,'''It is always interesting to hear older players come back and talk.''' ,'''Anytime you can get the ball in the receiver's hands with some space, you let their natural abilities take over.''' ,'''You can work on routes all day in practice but in the game what it comes down to is if somebody is open or not. You kind of go through your progressions and go through it that way.''' ,'''There are guys throughout the NFL that get the chance one way or the other.''' ,'''The first thing that came to mind when I met Tom Brady was intimidation. I'm showing up in 2005 with a guy who just came off his third Super Bowl win. So, it's a little intimidating walking in the room with Tom Brady for the first time.''' ,'''My rookie year in New England was mind-blowing.''' ,'''I never had a car in high school or college.''' ,'''I can't understand for the life of me why people would cheer when somebody gets hurt. I guess that is the sick world that we are sometimes in.''' ,'''I've been through a lot in my career. I've been through the ups, I've been through the downs. I've been through the highs and the lows.''' ,'''If you don't take care of the ball in this league, I know it's tough to win.''' ,'''All you can ask for in this game is an opportunity.''' ,'''Goal line is goal line. You go down there and it's the grit and grind of the game.''' ,'''You have to go through your reads and you have to make smart decisions because if you start forcing it in to double coverage you will get into bad habits and that is when bad plays happen.''' ,'''We knew what was going on with Spygate. We were in football mode, and it didn't impact our day-to-day. There's so much noise on the outside - 'You're cheaters, you're this, you're that' - but the easiest way to settle that is to go 18-0 and go to the Super Bowl.''' ,'''I think I constantly refer back to some of the things that I learned in New England and throughout my career. It was a great stepping stone, and it also gave me time to mature as a player and as a quarterback.''' ,'''Without a lot of college film, a lot of people had written me off already. When the Patriots called, I was pretty happy.''' ,'''I care about winning ball games.''' ,'''Competition brings out the best in everybody.''' ,'''It always comes down to being accountable to your teammates and so many times you get caught up in everything else going on. And I remember as a young guy, you always worry about, 'Well, who's getting the reps,' and this, that and the other, and it takes you and distracts you away from just doing your job.''' ,'''Teams really take into account character.''' ,'''My preparation doesn't change from being a backup to a starter.''' ,'''Every rep I can get is valuable.''' ,'''I love the Patriots. I love this organization.''' ,'''I am just saying people can be successful even though they might not be well known.''' ,'''In 2005, our starting center, Dan Koppen, went down with a season-ending injury. Russ Hochstein was always our interior 'swing guy' - he played guard and center - and I remember Russ stepping in and playing beautifully.''' ,'''You always have to be thinking about your opportunity. You always have to be ready.''' ,'''You just have to always go out and continue to work hard, watch the film, see what you did wrong from an offensive unit and individually. Then, you just have to go out and do better the next time out. That is what sports is all about.''' ,'''There are times when the criticism is something you deserve as a quarterback, and there are times when the people doing the criticizing don't know what they're talking about.''' ,'''I don't read the paper.''' ,'''I think the toughest job in football is always to be the starter, because everybody looks to you for guidance.''' ,'''Five turnovers in the second half; you can't beat anybody doing that.''' ,'''I always want to be out there with my team. I always want to fight.''' ,'''Everybody wishes they were better at golf.''' ,'''Anytime we can get the running game going it is a plus for me and it makes my job a lot easier.''' ,'''Any time you get a bye week you embrace it as a player.''' ,'''I like my life just the way it is. And it's great.''' ,'''Any time you can come down and score on your first drive, that's what you're trying to accomplish.''' ,'''At first when I first went to the Chiefs, there was a huge transition from what we had done in New England to a team that was rebuilding.''' ,'''You never want to lose but it happens in the NFL.''' ,'''For the most part, from the player standpoint, the coaches do the coaching and you try to come in and execute the game plan or the scheme they put in front of you.''' ,'''From one week to the next, everything changes from who you're playing to the defense's scheme. You just try to build on the things that you did well and correct the things that you did poorly in the game; then, move forward from there and hopefully continue to get better and better and better as you move forward.''' ,'''I have tunnel vision. I go out and try to get better each and every day.''' ,'''So for me, it's just continue to go out and work hard and do what I've been coached and let the other guys take advantage of what they do successfully and then just let the chips fall where they may.''' ,'''Nobody knows the future.''' ,'''I always look forward to playing.''' ,'''I have big hopes and big dreams and aspirations to do great things in the NFL.''' ,'''My father grew up in West Texas, in Lubbock, and I've got family here, and I grew up a Dallas Cowboy fan all my life.''' ,'''I work really hard and I take great pride in what I do.''' ,'''Pro Day was very important for me because that was really the only time that I had to prove that I could play at an NFL level and that was really through the physical drills they put me through which was running and throwing the ball. It turned out pretty well for me.''' ,'''I've always believed in myself and I've surrounded myself with positive-thinking people. That's why a lot of times I don't watch the sports shows or listen to the radio because of that simple fact, that there's too many critics out there and if you listen to everybody's opinion, I think it works against you.''' ,'''In the preseason, you usually only get a small window of opportunity, but when you get out there for four quarters and you're able to put it together, then you're able to go out there game after game and continue to get better, it was great, especially when I was able to prove a lot of my critics and naysayers wrong.''' ,'''I've said this time and time again: Dante Scarnecchia is the best offensive line coach in the NFL.''' ,'''The thing about the 2008 season which sticks out for so many people was we were coming off the 18-1 year where we went to the Super Bowl and lost in dramatic fashion with the catch and everything else that happened.''' ,'''Every week you go in and hope that you have production in the passing game and also in the running game.''' ,'''You've probably heard from 100 different people that the Patriots are a game plan offense. Here's what that means: We're going to watch the defense specifically to identify their tendencies, what they do situationally and what their philosophy is.''' ,'''I have a thing for brunettes.''' ,'''I was in New England in 2007 for Spygate.''' ,'''I've played in a lot of different roles through the course of my career and I've been a starter for a lot of those years and the mentality can never change.''' ,'''I've been on a number of NFL teams, and a lot of them address situational football. But I've never been around a team that does it as meticulously as the New England Patriots.''' ,'''I collected baseball and football cards. My most valuable was probably a Mark McGwire rookie card.''' ,'''You can't play scared.''' ,'''I'm not trying to be Tom Brady. I'm just trying to be Matt Cassel.''' ,'''I think that for a lot of young quarterbacks, sometimes it's difficult to get thrown into the fire quickly because from my experience, either you learn how to be a professional from the veteran players.''' ,'''There was a time when I thought, 'God, this whole football thing might not work out for me.'''' ,'''You learn, across the league, with very successful quarterbacks, nobody does it by themselves.''' ,'''As a quarterback, you have to go out and take care of the ball. That is your No. 1 priority.''' ,'''Honestly, I have no ill will toward Kansas City or anything that happened here.''' ,'''I think as the quarterback of any NFL team, you put a tremendous amount of pressure on yourself to win ball games because that's what you're here to do and ultimately, that's what you want to do.''' ,'''When I go home, I love to play the 'Tiger Woods' game with my brothers. It's always fun to sit there for a few hours and play.''' ,'''There are a lot of things that you learn as a rookie and you grow the most, I would say as a rookie from your first year to your second year.''' ,'''As long as anybody plays this game, you never master it because there are so many things that are always changing.''' ,'''I think for any QB, if you play with confidence you play well because you're confident in what you're doing; you're confident in where you're going with the ball.''' ,'''One of our big duties as a player is not to dwell on the past and stay in the now because that's the only way you're going to continue to move forward and be successful.''' ,'''Even if you're in a backup role, you've always got to prepare yourself.''' ,'''As you get going in the game you just kind of go along and you play the game.''' ,'''I don't think there's anybody that puts more pressure on himself than I do.''' ,'''Personally, I always loved the 1 p.m. Sunday games.''' ,'''I hope to do the 'Letterman' show, 'Leno,' all that.''' ,'''The Thursday night game is by far the most difficult game to prepare for. You can't get into as much depth as you normally would in your game plan because you just don't have the time. You've got to jump right into the next opponent.''' ,'''One word in one system might mean something else. You have to get a feel for it and study hard and then also when you get into these game-plan weeks, just bear down on what we're doing on a week-to-week basis.''' ,'''I think that's the genius part of what the Patriots do: They go above and beyond in identifying the issue and doing whatever they can to make sure it doesn't wreck the offensive plan.''' ,'''I've always pushed myself and taken great pride in what I do.''' ,]
+++