+++
author = "Ian Mclagan"
title = "Ian Mclagan Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Ian Mclagan Quotes"
keywords = "ian mclagan,ian mclagan quotes,ian mclagan quote,ian mclagan sayings,ian mclagan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Small Faces were really a soul band as far as we were concerned. That's what we listened to; that's what we played, you know? We were pretty much based on Booker T. and the M.G.'s.''' ,'''You don't stop thinking about women just because your wife dies. It's terrible, but you know. I just want the hugs, the kisses. A kiss!''' ,'''I like the fact that Austin's the first place I've ever lived where there's a real sense of community. People care about their neighbors.''' ,'''We had something very special in the Faces. We were blessed to have the fun we had.''' ,'''I sing to my wife; it helps me. She was my muse. I've written so many songs about her, to her, with references to her, and still do. She's a big part of my life. We were together for 33 years. It actually does me good - she's with me all that time in that way.''' ,'''What I do for migraines when I get them, I listen to classical music, and I turn it up really loud.''' ,'''I only seem to date younger women.''' ,'''I am so blessed that all I've done in my professional life, since I was 17-18, is play music and somehow make a dollar here and there.''' ,'''The Small Faces are thought to be a one-hit wonder in America because we only had 'Itchycoo Park.' Then the Faces just had 'Stay with Me.' So both bands could be considered one-hit wonders in America, even though we had several huge hits in England.''' ,'''The Small Faces was such a different band than the Faces. I know three of us are the same, but when you take Steve Marriott out, it's a very different band.''' ,'''It's tough to be 68 and dating. I've given it up now.''' ,'''My love for American music and American movies is from an early age. I was 10 or 11 when I heard Fats Domino and Little Richard and Buddy Holly. And the movies, my dad used to take my brother and I to the movies every Friday. It was incredible: we got to see just about every movie that came out for a period of years.''' ,'''I was never really a Mod. I thought I was more of a beatnik with the brown corduroy jacket, blue jeans, etc. I loved the music Mods liked, and I loved the clothes, but I didn't have any money to spend on them.''' ,'''I'm terrible remembering lyrics. Before a tour, I have to remind myself. I have to go through the songs.''' ,'''I loved rock and roll when that came in, Bill Haley, Little Richard, Fats Domino, Buddy Holly, Elvis Presley, all those great records. So I begged my mom and dad for a guitar, which eventually they did get me for Christmas, but it went out of tune very quickly, and it hurt my fingers.''' ,'''When I joined Small Faces, we occasionally would bump into The Who. And Keith Moon and I became firm pals.''' ,]
+++