+++
author = "Eric Berry"
title = "Eric Berry Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Eric Berry Quotes"
keywords = "eric berry,eric berry quotes,eric berry quote,eric berry sayings,eric berry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everything is a blessing, even meetings. Whether it's meetings or running gassers or lifting, it's an opportunity, and the best thing to do is be thankful for it.''' ,'''Fear nothing; attack everything.''' ,'''Just growing up, my dad always told me the most important point of the game is the extra point. A lot of people take that play off. It's an opportunity to make something happen, and I'm going to make the most of it.''' ,'''When you fight something like cancer, you not dealing with a person that looks at where you come from or what's your background or what race you are or what ethnicity or whatever. Whatever your culture is, it doesn't care about that. It doesn't sleep - it doesn't get tired - so if you make it about yourself, you're going to fail every time.''' ,'''Really, when you look at it, you're not battling the chemo, you're battling yourself the whole time. It was me versus me. There were many times where I didn't know if I would wake up tomorrow. I would just be up, scared to go to sleep.''' ,'''I'm about business. I'm going to handle business like a professional. Aside from that, I'm going to give you everything I've got on every snap.''' ,'''I want to see how far I can go and how good I can be, whether it's in the classroom or on the football field.''' ,'''If you want to really learn your playbook, you just do it.''' ,'''I've always got the itch to play. I don't like sitting out too long.''' ,'''I take pride in a lot of things people take for granted, so when opportunities come my way, I just cherish them and try to make the most of them.''' ,'''Going through chemo is a monster. You literally feel like you're dying every day.''' ,'''I want to end my career in Kansas City. I want to play there. I love the city, I love the vibe; I love my teammates.''' ,'''The instincts and reaction and having to move - that's what football is. You have to learn how to deal with different adjustments, and know how to react to different types of plays. And do it on the fly.''' ,'''It's never about the chemo; it's never about the cancer. It's all about what you're willing to put in to overcome whatever the obstacle is.''' ,]
+++