+++
author = "Maiwenn"
title = "Maiwenn Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Maiwenn Quotes"
keywords = "maiwenn,maiwenn quotes,maiwenn quote,maiwenn sayings,maiwenn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't separate things out between what's personal and what's my work. My passion is personal.''' ,'''You can watch Chanel fashion shows and watch the news. Fortunately you don't have to choose. I always vote, I go to rallies, but I also go to fashion shows.''' ,'''There is an incompatibility between being glamorous, young and a woman and using my brain. The official version is there is no discrimination, and talent dominates, but that is not the case.''' ,'''For me, there are always things to learn. It's like the next movie is going to be the good one, you know.''' ,'''It is my passion to direct movies.''' ,'''I'm not clever enough or aware enough to make a political movie.''' ,'''The best way to direct kids is to be natural and honest.''' ,'''I need to be in front of my obstacle. I like to have a back dialogue; I like to talk with people; I like to share ideas.''' ,'''I don't really like to work with actors that work a lot and are very well established already. In a way, I like to nurture talent and have it burst on the scene.''' ,'''Before I discovered moviemaking, I hadn't found anything where I could kind of galvanize or meld all of the things that I wanted to do.''' ,'''I come from a poor family, so really, the culture I know best is the street, TV, school.''' ,'''My real passion is to make movies, to direct. It's good for my ego to be an actress. It's like someone is saying, 'Yes, you're beautiful! Yes, you're doing fine!' But I feel like a child when I'm an actress.''' ,'''My work is through my emotions, so everything kind of goes together.''' ,]
+++