+++
author = "Saqib Saleem"
title = "Saqib Saleem Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Saqib Saleem Quotes"
keywords = "saqib saleem,saqib saleem quotes,saqib saleem quote,saqib saleem sayings,saqib saleem saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Not many people know this about me, but my first passion in life was cricket.''' ,'''I am an accidental actor.''' ,'''When kids my age were crying over girls, my first heartbreak was not because of some silly school time crush but because I lost out on playing for Delhi's Under 14 team, even after I was selected in the playing eleven.''' ,'''People need to differentiate me from my roles.''' ,'''We cannot stay enveloped in our own reality and turn a blind eye to the plight of others.''' ,'''Whatever I have achieved in the industry is something I consider to be amazing.''' ,'''Whenever I am dating somebody, I want her to take care of me like my mother.''' ,'''Things happen overnight for some people, not everyone.''' ,'''In any field, people want to work with those who they know and trust. It's the same in the Hindi film industry.''' ,'''In my first film, I kissed a girl and nobody said anything on that. Now in my third film, I kissed a guy and the media has made a hue and cry about it.''' ,'''I want the whole country to love me and I have no qualms in admitting it.''' ,'''Huma has made her mark in the industry with films like 'Gangs of Wasseypur' and 'Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana.' I am happy for what she has achieved today because we belong to a non-film background.''' ,'''When I have to do an emotional scene, I sometimes feel drained right before doing it.''' ,'''I want to do different kind of roles that people don't want to do.''' ,'''I and Virat have played cricket when we were youngsters back in Delhi. We were about 12 then. He had that spark in him and we knew he would play for India one day. He was a very good player then too.''' ,'''It becomes important to do the right films, than do 10 films in a year. You may do it once, but it'll never happen again.''' ,'''I came to Mumbai because I was in love with a girl.''' ,'''I want to get mobbed and want people to see me as the guy who they can't get enough of.''' ,'''I was doing a couple of films which got shelved a week before the shooting was supposed to start.''' ,'''I feel as an actor it is very essential to develop new hobbies at least once every two to three months, so that you are pretty well acquainted with all the new things around you.''' ,'''I am a cricket lover and wanted to be a cricketer.''' ,'''I would love to play a negative guy, play the villain. It is always interesting to have shades to your character.''' ,'''Kabir sir is an extremely planned director. He knows how his film is going to look like and knows exactly what edits are to be made in the film. Thus, it helps the actor a lot when they work with somebody who is so planned.''' ,'''In 'Race 3,' the only person I was scared of working with was Anil Kapoor.''' ,'''Before 'Race 3,' I had not done a role which required me to do action.''' ,'''It was hard saying goodbye to that oblivion they call childhood.''' ,'''Acting is very subjective and one can't be deterred by what people think of your work.''' ,'''There is no better institute than Hindu College.''' ,'''It is a way to express yourself. Fashion has to be individual and I like to express my fashion the way I style myself.''' ,'''There is time for everything in life.''' ,'''I am a movie buff - I even claim I am a Hindi film encyclopedia post 1988(only because that was the year I was born in... haha).''' ,'''Beckham is the best styled person in the world.''' ,'''I don't feel secure as an actor. I want to do more films and get accepted by masses.''' ,'''I am a kid who grew up watching mainstream Hindi films like 'Sholay,' 'Satte Pe Satta' and 'Mr India.'''' ,'''It is always great to come back to your own college.''' ,'''If my films don't do well, nobody is going to give me films.''' ,'''I have always maintained that music videos and web series are opportunities for actors and technicians, who haven't been able to do films together, to collaborate and make something exciting.''' ,'''To find a good script is very important, because the chances and opportunities I would be getting will be very far and few.''' ,'''Besides acting, I have tons of plans but there is time for it.''' ,'''I need to crack the Mumbai traffic code - if I leave early, under the assumption that there will be traffic, I get completely clear roads and reach an hour before my meeting, and then because I can't find parking I end up having to walk anyway.''' ,'''It's soo freaking hard studying all night for your exams when you know there is no hope of clearing the dreaded Hindi paper.''' ,'''Well, I would want 'Race 3' to change the course of my career, but whether that will happen is something which we will know only when the film releases.''' ,'''For 'Rangbaaz,' I had put on weight to play the gangster and for '83,' I had to lose all that weight.''' ,'''Doing action gives you a different high altogether.''' ,'''As an actor you have to deliver what the director wants.''' ,'''I don't want to be stuck to any specific genre.''' ,'''A lot of people ask me, if I aspire to do films in Hollywood. If I get a chance, I would love to. But I feel that I owe it to my upbringing and the cinema I grew up on, to achieve something first in our film industry, and then venture out.''' ,'''One needs to have a comfort level with the director.''' ,'''Whenever people see me on screen, I want them to feel that I am making an effort and pushing the envelope.''' ,'''The goal in my life is to grow and become better than before.''' ,'''I come from a family where two wheelers were not allowed. No seriously not even a tiny cycle around the compound.''' ,'''I am lucky to have had the opportunity to work with path-breaking directors like Karan Johar and now Amole Gupte, so early in my career.''' ,'''I come from an orthodox Muslim family.''' ,'''Sometimes, people don't make the kind of films you want to do.''' ,'''I was a sportsman and played cricket all my life.''' ,'''I take time with my films and I want to work on every script properly before I move on to something else.''' ,'''I want to do films that provide entertainment, but are also content-driven.''' ,'''It's so hard saying goodbye... it's hard saying good bye to all the things that one has held dear for weeks, months, sometimes years.''' ,'''Now that I am an actor (if you can call me that) I still watch movies with the same childlike enthusiasm.''' ,'''With the advent of technology the world has surely become a smaller place.''' ,'''The point is movies can teach a lot without preaching.''' ,'''After watching 'Stanley ka Dabba,' I just told myself that the one guy I have to work with is Amol Gupte. The reason being, his films are very simple and they create such a magical world around.''' ,'''Thank you Sachin Tendulkar. For teaching me and a million others how to be humble, how to keep fighting and above all how to be consistent in life. In whatever he does he is and always will be the man apart from my father who taught me about life. I love you.''' ,'''I've been very lucky to debut with Yashraj films, then being directed by Karan Johar and now Amol Gupte.''' ,'''The traffic is getting worse everyday and thus making people do things they ideally wouldn't do and you can't blame them as sitting in their cars getting baked in the sun for at least a couple of hours everyday would turn anyone delirious.''' ,'''I love how my mom loves everyone unconditionally.''' ,'''I am damn happy for Huma. I think 'Kaala' will be a game changer for her, it is one of the nicest script.''' ,'''I am a very big fan of Aamir Khan. He has a great filmography. I also want to do films like him.''' ,'''I am not a morning person at all.''' ,'''Just because something is not happening to you doesn't mean that it never will.''' ,'''It's difficult to keep your eyes moist free and your head clear when the girl you really really liked chooses to go on a date with your best friend.''' ,'''I was a bully while growing up.''' ,'''I don't think it's right to define films as commercial or art house. What's important is that a film evokes a certain emotion when it's being watched.''' ,'''I learn from everybody on a film set.''' ,'''As a newcomer in the industry, it was my dream to work with Karan Johar.''' ,'''I was fortunate to work with the biggest names of the industry; I would like to continue this journey of discovering myself as an actor and keep experimenting.''' ,'''Our lives are slowly but surely becoming connected to each other.''' ,'''I am just enjoying the attention I am getting. It has been very overwhelming.''' ,'''I know whoever I'll work with, will open up different avenues for me, be it Imtiaz Ali or Rajkumar Hirani, the list is endless, the amount of talent we have in our country in terms of directors is insane.''' ,'''Ever since I became an actor, I wanted my film to release on Eid.''' ,'''I had watched 'Stanley Ka Dabba' and wanted to be a part of Gupte's kind of cinema. As an actor, I am hungry for diverse roles and my sole aim is to learn as much I can from him.''' ,'''I am not content at all. I am a very greedy actor, I just want to keep exploring myself.''' ,'''It is an absolute delight to work with Ranveer. He is a thorough professional and at the same time, he is such a cool guy.''' ,'''Had I not been an actor, I would have been counting cash at my father's restaurant or supervising activities in the kitchen. I did it for a year when I was in college. I put on 10 kgs and then it hit me that I couldn't do that anymore.''' ,'''Ram is the best reel father. My mother was happy as she follows 'Bade Achhe Lagte Hain' and enjoys Ram's performance.''' ,'''The definition of love keeps evolving.''' ,'''One of the defining moments in my life was when I had the privilege to speak to him over the phone. I couldn't say anything - I was tongue tied. I just cried out of sheer happiness. That day I made a promise to myself; One day I will play for Sachin's team- I'll play for team India.''' ,'''People end up seeing actors hanging around with somebody and they link them together.''' ,'''I am an actor so I have to do my work and going beyond societal norms.''' ,'''There are people who like my work. So there are exciting things coming up to me, but it's slow of course.''' ,'''I want to surprise people with my work every time.''' ,'''I can't do too many films.''' ,'''I can never be on time anywhere.''' ,'''I started getting modelling assignments and that's how I became interested in acting. But my father, who last watched Dilip Kumar's ' Devdas,' wanted me to do MBA. I didn't listen to him and gave my audition for Yash Raj films' 'Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge' and got selected for it.''' ,'''Be patient and always keep persevering.''' ,'''A brother can give his sister lots of love.''' ,'''While I was in college, I was intrigued by modelling and also won the best model award in my college.''' ,'''Though I have been a sportsperson all my life, movies have always been an essential part of my life.''' ,'''The actor's journey to learn should never stop.''' ,'''If you screw up five films straight, then you're done. It's a business, the producer invests money and you need to make sure his money is recovered and in the process you give out the best film.''' ,]
+++