+++
author = "Katy Mixon"
title = "Katy Mixon Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Katy Mixon Quotes"
keywords = "katy mixon,katy mixon quotes,katy mixon quote,katy mixon sayings,katy mixon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm pretty simple. I have every product in the world, but I tend to use three things: cleanser, toner, and moisturizer.''' ,'''You literally just have to celebrate who you are, because that's a beautiful thing.''' ,'''You have to keep your eyes wide open and your head high and realize that you are going to be OK. I do this with work and with being a mom - I'm a true believer that it's OK to fail, and that there is power in getting back up on the horse.''' ,'''I'm loving 'We Are Young,' by Fun. Really gets the morning rockin' to a great start.''' ,'''I do life fearlessly.''' ,'''I never let the media dictate my identity, so the fact that I'm a size 14 or a size 2 or a size 8 or a size 4, I kind of rock and roll. It doesn't matter to me.''' ,'''Pensacola isn't Florida, really. It's the Panhandle. It's right up there near Alabama and Louisiana. It's, like, a stroll away from New Orleans. I feel like New Orleans is home.''' ,'''Out here in California, in the Pacific Ocean, the sharks have a bad attitude.''' ,'''Sandy Bullock cast me in my first movie, 'All About Steve,' and I think I weighed 176, so that's just how I rock and roll. I'm just who I am, and if I lose weight, I lose weight. Goodness, I'm trying to be healthy, but if I've got to eat the cupcake, then just eat the cupcake.''' ,'''My whole thing is there is nobody else like you in this whole world.''' ,'''In real life, I'm very different from Sarah Dunn. She's from the North. I grew up in the South. I wear big hoop earrings. I love me some makeup, and that's not her at all.''' ,'''I came from the theater. It takes a team. We need everyone. It's not just No. 1 on the call sheet. I love to have kindness and respect and a place for where we can create.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be a mommy.''' ,'''I went to the Carnegie Mellon School of Drama.''' ,'''Katie Otto goes after stuff she doesn't feel is right, and she stands up for it. I do that too, just kind of in a slightly kinder way because I'm from the South.''' ,'''I am such a big fan of letting everyone know how special they are and what they contribute.''' ,'''The maternal instinct is in me.''' ,'''If you're not getting it perfect, life is still going to go around. The world still turns. It's going to be OK. Tomorrow is a new day.''' ,'''I'm such a fan of the glass being half full.''' ,'''I helped my mom raise so many little sisters. At 11, I was helping get them ready for school, watching over them, putting them to sleep. It's just naturally with me.''' ,'''I grew up with six girls and one boy, so my innate instinct of who I am - I'm the third oldest, and I helped raise all of my younger sisters. I just fall into that aspect - that motherhood - naturally.''' ,'''I'm just not self-deprecating.''' ,'''My very first acting job ever, the first time I got paid to be an actress, was in 2001, right between my sophomore and junior year in college, when I was just 19 years old. I got paid $250 every two weeks, 10 shows a week, to be in the Utah Shakespearean Festival. I was Calpurnia in 'Julius Caesar.'''' ,'''Whenever you're blessed and given a second season, you can really let the characters evolve. That first season, you're setting everything up. It's background, where they're coming from, what they want to do. And then you get to marinate in it that second season.''' ,'''My whole thing with the whole weight situation is - it is what it is. It's never been my identity.''' ,'''You can't do Shakespeare with a Southern accent, honey.''' ,'''I'm a girl that loves to go to amusement park.''' ,'''Everybody understands, for whatever reason, what it's like to not fit in, or not do it right, or not be perfect.''' ,'''It doesn't matter what gender you are, or it doesn't matter what other background you come from: everybody deals with insecurity.''' ,''''Eastbound & Down' is giving you a rhythm. It's just a whole different vibe with improv. As an actor I just kind of exercise within my environment and adjust depending on where I'm at.''' ,'''A lot of people don't know that my background is completely classical. For a while there, I was all about Moliere and the Greeks and Brecht and Tennessee Williams.''' ,]
+++