+++
author = "David Krumholtz"
title = "David Krumholtz Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 David Krumholtz Quotes"
keywords = "david krumholtz,david krumholtz quotes,david krumholtz quote,david krumholtz sayings,david krumholtz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What's great is that because math is such a universal language, really, our fans come in all shapes and sizes, all ages and genders and races and backgrounds and cultures.''' ,'''Charlie's not your conventional mathematician... we sexed him up a little bit.''' ,'''Shooting this show is pretty intense. You lose your life. But I have no life, so it's perfect!''' ,'''There is only so much I can understand and not screw up.''' ,'''The role of Charlie Eppes has changed me. I never imagined I would play a role like this. I lost some weight, grew my hair and now every woman in America over 40 wants to date me. It's their daughters I want to convince. The truth is all this talk makes me blush. Me, I look in the mirror and all I see is this Jewish kid from Queens.''' ,'''I lost some weight, grew my hair and now every woman in America over 40 wants to date me. It's their daughters I want to convince.''' ,'''My parents went crazy when they found out that I had gotten the part in 'Conversations With My Father!' I'd never given acting a thought. They were proud of me and very encouraging.''' ,'''It's really cool to know that you've put something together that isn't for a particular audience. It's so often that a TV show can really only speak to one sect of the population, and this really is something that appeals to a worldwide fan base. People who are into the pursuit of knowledge. Their reaction has meant the world to us.''' ,'''Me, I look in the mirror and all I see is this Jewish kid from Queens.''' ,'''So many shows out there dumb-down the country. It's so admirable to be part of a show that wants people to think.''' ,]
+++