+++
author = "Nick Lachey"
title = "Nick Lachey Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Nick Lachey Quotes"
keywords = "nick lachey,nick lachey quotes,nick lachey quote,nick lachey sayings,nick lachey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's definitely something to the 'Daddy's girl' thing - my daughter can have her way with me pretty easily.''' ,'''I'm so immature and still feel so young. Forty doesn't feel any different than 30 did.''' ,'''I, as a man, don't even pretend to know what a woman goes through during pregnancy.''' ,'''My son is all into construction vehicles like most boys are, so he's enthralled with dump trucks and bulldozers.''' ,'''This is a great time in our lives and careers.''' ,'''Part of the fun of kids is the craziness, and you've got to embrace that side of it as well.''' ,'''I love the rush of doing live TV - you never know what will happen next.''' ,'''I think that kids need to be guided; they need to be disciplined, but in a way that's constructive, so that's what I try to do.''' ,'''I try to be the best husband I can be, and if people respect that, that's cool. But there's no 'perfect husband.' We just all try to do the best we can, you know what I mean?''' ,'''There's a lot of reflection that goes on whenever I write a song - it's been a wild whirlwind last couple of years and there's a lot to talk about, and hopefully that's evident in the music.''' ,'''I always feel stupid giving advice since I've been married, what, a year? I can say this: Be in it for the long haul and just know there are going to be rough patches. No two people are the same, there are going to be areas where you just don't click.''' ,'''To me, having kids is the ultimate job in life. I want to be most successful at being a good father.''' ,'''People used to come home from school and plop down in front of the TV and religiously watch 'TRL.' It was a moment in time that I think a lot of people have a lot of fond memories of. It's a fun trip to take down memory lane because it was a great time for a lot of people, bands included.''' ,'''When you're a musician and you come from a singing background, specifically one that focused a lot on a cappella music as I have, it's just a real joy to be around so many talented people and talented groups who have a passion for what they do.''' ,'''It's kind of cliche, but communication is the biggest thing in a relationship. You have to talk; you have to express yourselves. You don't want to look back and resent not being heard.''' ,'''Marriage is a team effort. Both of us share that philosophy.''' ,'''Every day, I wake the kids up. Morning time is kind of 'daddy time,' and that's something I look forward to every day.''' ,'''In New York, I feel like, anything goes.''' ,'''We're planning on being married for a long, long time.''' ,'''It all comes back to the same place, whether she does well, I do well, or we both do well, which is obviously what we're hoping for. It's all good. You know? We're definitely pull for each other.''' ,'''I tell people, Don't take my advice. What do I know?''' ,'''Definitely, when I have a place and I'm going to be there for any significant amount of time, I want to have dogs. I like a pet you can have some fun with and who does everything you do.''' ,'''Her success is my success.''' ,'''She knows I'm her biggest fan, I cheer for her louder than anybody.''' ,'''I tell my 5-year-old, 'Once you commit to something, stick it out.' I would never want him to look at Dad and think Dad was a quitter.''' ,'''My brother and I are kind of known for doing fairly ridiculous and stupid things.''' ,'''There's no bigger supporter in Jessica's life than me.''' ,'''I've just learned to enjoy every moment for what it is and take it all in.''' ,'''We have so much left to experience and learn about each other - it's almost like we've been remarried with the show being over. Now it's a whole new life for us.''' ,'''To me, I don't feel like a dancer. I feel like an idiot trying to be a dancer.''' ,'''We live in a bizarre world - there are cameras in our house!''' ,'''Music has always been an incredibly significant part of my life and a meaningful way in which I express myself.''' ,'''I've had a wonderful, longstanding relationship with VH1 over the course of my music career, and I couldn't be more excited to enter into this new chapter as resident host for 'Big Morning Buzz.'''' ,'''We can't control it, and we've basically quit trying. People are going to talk, and people are going to lie.''' ,'''Any time you learn and grow, it's an exciting time.''' ,'''I don't think there's necessarily anything that's rock solid about any marriage. It's all about that balance, especially when you have kids.''' ,'''You can't believe everything that's written or reported in the media.''' ,'''That's what's cool - you don't know what your kids are gonna be drawn to or what's gonna excite them and what's gonna motivate them. So it's cool to see their personalities develop and see the things that they lean toward.''' ,'''I tell her all the time I'd gladly retire and hang out with the kids and clean the house. I want to have a good life and great family, and from a professional standpoint I want to be successful, but it's not the most important thing at all.''' ,'''I think that N*SYNC had opportunities laid out in front of them because of their connections with people whom Backstreet were affiliated with, and to not utilize those connections would be stupid. That's just life. They're both very talented groups.''' ,'''I have very vivid memories of my mother reading to us as kids.''' ,]
+++