+++
author = "Nina Tassler"
title = "Nina Tassler Quotes"
quotes_len = "80"
description = "the best 80 Nina Tassler Quotes"
keywords = "nina tassler,nina tassler quotes,nina tassler quote,nina tassler sayings,nina tassler saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was always a big fan of 'Quincy,' and I loved the idea of puzzle solving.''' ,'''Any show in its first season goes through multiple changes. There is little or no difference to changing the cast on a talk show.''' ,'''I went through a lot of feelings of self-doubt and loss of self-esteem. I was particularly vulnerable after having my son. It was rough getting back on my feet in the business.''' ,'''People step on my feet, and I say I'm sorry.''' ,'''Without the nontraditional methods we used to promote 'Jericho'... we wouldn't have been able to get the traction we did.''' ,''''Scorpion' has so much humor and so much heart and a great deal of action.''' ,'''I'm an entertainer.''' ,'''I'd love to see the 'CSIs' run forever.''' ,'''You have to present characters an audience can relate to.''' ,'''I've been blessed to be with my husband since I was 18.''' ,'''We continue to see summer as a great place for unique concepts, innovative business models, and passionate television audiences.''' ,'''Sometimes the career you end up with has no logical connection to where you began.''' ,'''I'm a voracious reader. What that does is keep your mind fresh and active and hearing different voices and different styles. TV can be derivative, and if you just watch TV, you're not widening the circle.''' ,'''Finding new voices with fresh ideas is the hardest and most rewarding part of a television executive's job.''' ,'''Women drive network television.''' ,''''Without a Trace' analyzes criminal behavior in the special context of a disappearance. We consider it a suspense thriller.''' ,'''I'm extremely lucky that I've worked for and with amazing people in my life.''' ,'''Tom Selleck is a big draw.''' ,'''There's always a knee-jerk reaction in our business to analyze and determine why something didn't work.''' ,'''My mother was not without her flaws. She did have a lot of flaws, but she revealed her strength and her flaws equally, and I think that's really important. I was very much influenced by that.''' ,'''Ever since 'Jericho,' I've loved these big-idea shows.''' ,'''The original 'CSI' grew stronger once the spinoffs became entrenched. Like any good franchise, when there's a great story to be told, viewers can't get enough.''' ,'''Throughout my career, the pounding in my heart, the fright, has been ever-present, but I never turned back. Fear can be a highly motivational part of the journey.''' ,'''I've always seen the world as very gender-neutral.''' ,'''You have to make your decision based on the content.''' ,'''One of the things I learned in college is that if you're going to be late for an audition, don't go.''' ,'''I'm a parent. I'm a mother.''' ,'''Producing is a little bit in my blood. Philanthropy also is a very important for me.''' ,'''With all of our big-hit shows - like 'Big Bang Theory,' and even 'How I Met Your Mother' - when they first started, you have multiple characters to service, and you want to make sure that the audience has a chance to get the concept, get the emotional arc, and really engage with the relationships.''' ,'''I came to understand and observe that we're all going to face obstacles. We're going to have challenges. We're going to fail. We're going to have success. But all of it is going to ultimately be character-building. And it's not going to deter us from wanting to achieve, to strive, and be successful.''' ,''''Survivor' is one of CBS's signature series and symbol of enduring quality and entertainment on prime time television.''' ,'''Nothing runs forever. How you handle it, the most important thing is how you respect your audience, how you respect your cast, and being incredibly sensitive to how you wrap up any show when it ends a successful run.''' ,'''Creative drives our business; the business doesn't drive the creative.''' ,'''Audiences need to engage with characters.''' ,'''That's what my job is: to create quality programming.''' ,'''Failure is a fundamental factor of success.''' ,'''As long as we're monetizing our content... we still win at the end.''' ,'''I'm on the board of trustees at Boston University. I'm on the board of trustees at Jewish Family Services.''' ,'''We're committed to delivering our viewers and advertisers year-round programming with a wide variety of storytelling.''' ,'''I want to hear Damon Lindelof complain about broadcast when he goes to the bank to cash his 'Lost' checks.''' ,'''I was always fascinated by the Torah, the Bible, in terms of story telling: heroes and villains, morality and flaws. There's no better epic. Also, being part Latin and Jewish means I have a sense of the theatrical. There were always a lot of people in my house. My home was always filled with a lot of storytellers.''' ,'''It's about story; it is a social experiment, and people take that into account when they're watching 'Big Brother.'''' ,'''I come from a long line of Democrats.''' ,'''The audience that watches on Sunday night is upscale, very female, and very engaged.''' ,'''When it comes down to, it's not about the form, it's about the content.''' ,'''I have worked in the media/content business my entire life.''' ,''''Criminal Minds,' our original show, is a phenomenal show, and all elements of that show work so well. I think that 'Suspect Behavior' just didn't click. I don't think it has anything to do with spin-offs. I think a spin-off still has to be successful on its own.''' ,'''I think back to having had the good fortune of being at Warner Bros. when we were doing 'Lois & Clark.' The chemistry between Dean Cain and Teri Hatcher was really wonderful.''' ,'''Audiences like making discoveries.''' ,'''Pilot season isn't perfect, and it certainly is a very difficult time. But pilot season does work for us.''' ,''''The Dovekeepers' is a compelling, beautifully written novel that combines history and fiction into a timeless story of survival and heroism.''' ,'''As an outsider, you observe what everyone is saying. Insiders are sometimes too insulated, listening to voices in their own little group.''' ,'''Before I go to bed, sometimes I'll just sit outside and philosophically assess the day.''' ,''''The Talk' is one of the most diverse shows in daytime.''' ,'''Whomever you are and whatever your relationship is to work, I think we all have suffered from being over-hyphenated. You know, 'working-mom,' 'tiger-mom,' 'stay-at-home-mom'... how about 'mom?'''' ,'''I'm part Latin, so everything in the Latin culture is - there's a lot of hyperbole, and there's a lot of melodrama.''' ,'''When I was in drama development, you hear anywhere between 500 to 600 pitches a season, and you do feel like you hit the wall. But I will never say, 'No, I won't hear that.'''' ,'''It's important to me to reach deep into the community and promote Latino artists.''' ,'''18-to-49 can only be part of the story. There are many more metrics.''' ,'''As you continue to work on a show, if I still feel inspired, and I feel they are making exciting choices, then our enthusiasm remains. This is not a perfect science. It's an evolutionary process.''' ,'''Accepting fear head-on is freeing.''' ,'''I think the best voices, the most creative voices, and the best content always wins.''' ,'''The truth is we're all part of one big content universe.''' ,'''James Corden is a rare entertainment force who combines irresistible charm, warmth, and originality with a diverse range of creative instincts and performance talent.''' ,'''Rob Doherty has been a real superstar for us on 'The Mentalist' for years.''' ,'''Through eight years, 'How I Met Your Mother' has mastered the art of leading-edge comedy, emotional water-cooler moments, and pop culture catch-phrases.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it is about doing your best work - controlling what you can control and not trying to control what you can't.''' ,''''Criminal Minds' consists of stories told within the framework of the FBI behavioral science unit. It's about serial profiling.''' ,'''We always look to add more diverse characters to shows if we feel we haven't delivered.''' ,'''When I was growing up, the current of feminism was strong. You just had to step off the bank, and you'd be swept up. There was an active women's movement. My mother was a part of it.''' ,'''I love to watch documentaries on The History Channel and TLC.''' ,'''I love musicals. I'm a big 'Glee' watcher.''' ,'''Television's an intimate medium. It's in our living rooms. It's in our bathrooms. It's in our bedrooms - and we respect that.''' ,'''I'm a feminist.''' ,''''Zoo' further demonstrates our commitment to high-quality, year-round programming and to high-concept series that play to summer audiences in the U.S. as well as on a global scale.''' ,'''I think 'destined for greatness,' for me, is digging deep inside and knowing that I will always strive to be the best person I can possibly be and effect change in a positive way.''' ,'''I feel it's our responsibility to keep our ear tuned to public discourse. There's a lot of noise out there, and our responsibility is to pick up on the themes and issues that work their way through all of society.''' ,'''We don't know where we'll end up, but making moments matter - taking a step back to see something from a different vantage point and investing in your core values - can lead to a world of surprises.''' ,'''I was drawn to performing and to storytelling.''' ,'''In 1963, my parents took over a camp business from my grandparents. They turned it into a liberal, progressive, a co-educational, interracial camp for kids from all over the world, all over the country. And it was a very important cause for both of my parents.''' ,]
+++