+++
author = "Bo Derek"
title = "Bo Derek Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Bo Derek Quotes"
keywords = "bo derek,bo derek quotes,bo derek quote,bo derek sayings,bo derek saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For a long time, I wanted children. When I was about 30 or 32, I really thought about it.''' ,'''When you're your own producer, you do the most ridiculous, insane things.''' ,'''I was alone for five years. Having a love is a gigantic bonus in life, but I wasn't unhappy when I was single, either.''' ,'''Glorifying violence is terrible. Simulating sex is nothing - it's something so impersonal really.''' ,'''Even though I grew up surfing and sailing in Southern California, I was born horse crazy.''' ,''''10' was amazing! I had no career before '10' and then all of a sudden I was able to do pretty much whatever I was able to do in the business.''' ,'''There's an incredible fascination for that and that goes with violence and everything else in pictures.''' ,'''Probably some of the projects I chose to do after that had more to do with what people thought of me. The industry was very open and probably hoping that I could do anything.''' ,'''I tend not to worry about things I can't do anything about. It's not in my nature to spend too much time thinking.''' ,'''I played a definite part in it. I guess the things that I played in films and the way the nudity and the love scenes were handled were really different.''' ,'''That whole sex symbol thing I never took seriously to begin with. Thank goodness, or I'd be suffering right now because it's out of your hands what happens to you with age.''' ,'''When you look at women who have had plastic surgery, they have lost something - usually an expression, something unique to their face.''' ,'''I found my love when I was 17-years-old and my love is one hundred percent honest. We've never had any ugly, rocky things to overcome.''' ,'''Also there is a twist to the story as I'm being haunted and driven crazy, attacked and so on. All I seem to do is run and scream and cry in every scene.''' ,'''We were on the island of Hawaii. I think I was there three months. It was fantastic. It is not much different than films. It depends on the television show but much of television today is as good or better than most films.''' ,'''Elizabeth Taylor has reinvented herself and her image time and time again. The results have often helped redefine modern fashion.''' ,'''I think we all have this image that we're going to be the hold-out and show what 51 really looks like, but I could wake up tomorrow and say, 'Okay, enough of this.'''' ,'''I love Spain. I go back two or three times a year usually to visit friends and ride horses.''' ,'''I grew up on the beaches of Southern California surfing and sailing and I've always loved horses so it was part of my dream that I was able to fulfill to have horses.''' ,'''It's been very nice. I haven't gotten out too much because we've been working a lot but other wise the people have been very nice and I've had a good time.''' ,'''It's really difficult for me. Language, I am sorry that I haven't. I think I just always expected that you learn a word in place of a word and when I discovered how difficult the grammar was and learning that was very discouraging for me.''' ,'''I have never dated. I have no experience. It's terrible, and I'm scared to death of it, too, at the same time.''' ,]
+++