+++
author = "Grace Park"
title = "Grace Park Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Grace Park Quotes"
keywords = "grace park,grace park quotes,grace park quote,grace park sayings,grace park saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When people in Vancouver do recognize me, they hide it. I went to a store near my home and I know they're 'Battlestar' fans - they have pictures on the wall! - and I know they know me, but everyone was so smooth and pretended I wasn't there. Most people don't realize how good they are at acting in everyday life.''' ,'''I don't feel typecast almost at all, and it could just be because I'm insensitive, but I doubt it. I think most of my roles I've gotten have very little to do with my ethnicity. I don't feel that's a limiting factor for my career.''' ,'''Acting in 'Command & Conquer 3' called for me to interact with the player and to look directly into the camera, which is a big no no when filming for TV or film.''' ,'''I've certainly been very blessed. I can only say that I worked very hard in class and on set doing the best that I can at the moment. I was incredibly blessed with 'Battlestar'... I tried to work my little butt off just to keep up with everybody else and not too many people kicked me.''' ,'''It is very sad about Michael Jackson, much as in the tragic cases of Heath Ledger, Anna Nicole and other celebrities who have died are a result of drugs. It is always sad when such a bright light goes out.''' ,'''I never wanted fame, of all things, and I'm not just being cheeky. There are benefits that come with being famous, but there's also confusion. It's important to make sure your feet stay on the ground.''' ,'''There's an inordinate amount of attention put on actors. Some people want to make their lives public, but that doesn't mean everybody does.''' ,'''When I started, I was told that, for all intents and purposes, I was playing a human, which made it easier. Until they told me, 'Grace, you're a Cylon, she wouldn't do that.' And later, I learned that Cylons are actually more human than humans. This has been an ongoing exploration.''' ,'''I'm not a big gamer, really. I used to play back in the day - 'Mario Brothers,' 'Mario Kart' and 'Mortal Kombat.'''' ,'''I'm totally not a blogger. Sometimes I don't even check my email. I know I should.''' ,'''I don't know what it is about me that gets cast in specific roles. Some people would say, 'You're just a pretty face,' but on 'Battlestar,' I'm not looking pretty every day. I'm pretty banged up.''' ,]
+++