+++
author = "Bob Christo"
title = "Bob Christo Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Bob Christo Quotes"
keywords = "bob christo,bob christo quotes,bob christo quote,bob christo sayings,bob christo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It was in 1976, I think. I was in South Africa on military engagement when someone left a magazine on my bed with the picture of a beautiful woman on the cover. I read that her name was Parveen Babi and I thought, I must go to Bombay and meet her.''' ,'''I know people know me as the 'white baddie' of Hindi cinema.''' ,'''I've been with beautiful women, had my share of highs and lows. But I have a regret - I wanted to be a hero. I never got the chance, even though I was good-looking, I could sing and dance too.''' ,'''I did a lot of ramp modelling in South Africa and Hong Kong, when models were free to dance and walk on the ramp.''' ,'''I built bridges and worked for the army and SAS in Vietnam and Zimbabwe. I also sold watches and Jaguars in the Philippines and Singapore. In 1977, I returned to civil engineering and was posted to Muscat.''' ,'''My Hindi was not very good, but I guess people liked my accent and gave me Hindi roles.''' ,'''I learnt martial arts from a Japanese teacher.''' ,'''Meditation helps sharpen the mind.''' ,'''I lived a full life but I had to battle my demons.''' ,'''I could write several books about my life.''' ,'''By the time 'Abdullah' released, I had already been offered three roles. Word about me just spread. I started getting calls directly from producers and directors.''' ,'''I can bet nobody can sing Nat King Cole's songs better than me.''' ,'''I've had a blessed life. I've seen it all.''' ,'''I was a civil engineer in Sydney, I liked to re-do old houses.''' ,'''I gave up my children to an American couple and went to Vietnam on an army assignment where I helped soldiers identify and get rid of hidden mines.''' ,'''Akshay Kumar's first film was with me.''' ,'''I never went to auditions or screen tests. I just got cast.''' ,'''I didn't mind going to any length to make people believe that a puny hero had me at his mercy.''' ,'''During the making of 'Abdullah' I asked the assistant director to teach me Hindi; he taught me to read the script too. He also taught me Urdu. Now I can sign autographs in Hindi, Urdu and can write my name in Tamil.''' ,'''Meditation helps you to learn about character and mind. It relieves you of the tension you have gone through.''' ,'''I had a spine problem. I did a lot of stunts and fights in Hindi cinema, had falls from horses... all that took a toll on my health.''' ,]
+++