+++
author = "David Joseph Schwartz"
title = "David Joseph Schwartz Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 David Joseph Schwartz Quotes"
keywords = "david joseph schwartz,david joseph schwartz quotes,david joseph schwartz quote,david joseph schwartz sayings,david joseph schwartz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Hope is a start. But hope needs action to win victories.''' ,'''Look at things... as they can be.''' ,'''Success doesn't demand a price. Every step forward pays a dividend.''' ,'''To fight fear, act. To increase fear - wait, put off postpone.''' ,'''Believe, really believe, you can move a mountain, and you can. Not many people believe that they can move mountains. So, as a result, not many people do.''' ,'''Do what you fear and fear disappears.''' ,'''The mind is what the mind is fed.''' ,'''The 'Okay-I'll-give-it-a-try-but-I-don't-think-it-will-work' attitude produces failures.''' ,'''You will find that the more successful the individual, the less inclined he is to make excuses.''' ,'''Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success.''' ,'''The success combination in business is: Do what you do better... and: do more of what you do.''' ,'''If you want to be the best, hang out with the best.''' ,'''In the large cities that received new Americans, there flowered a golden age of restaurants, manned by the available talent from abroad and fueled by the restless wealth of the newly rich.''' ,'''Keep this question in mind: 'What would I think of this if I exchanged places with the other person?' It paves the way to more successful action.''' ,'''How we think shows through in how we act. Attitudes are mirrors of the mind. They reflect thinking.''' ,'''To get others to do what you want them to do, you must see things through their eyes.''' ,'''Belief triggers the power to do.''' ,'''A person is a product of his own thoughts. Believe big. Adjust your thermostat forward. Launch your success offensive with honest, sincere belief that you can succeed.''' ,'''Believe it can be done. When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find the ways to do it. Believing a solution paves the way to solution.''' ,'''The how-to-do-it always comes to the person who believes he can do it.''' ,''''Bad' health, in a thousand different forms, is used as an excuse for failing to do what a person wants to do, failing to accept greater responsibilities, failing to make more money, failing to achieve success.''' ,'''Action cures fear. Indecision, postponement, on the other hand, fertilize fear.''' ,'''Belief in great results is the driving force, the power behind all great books, plays, scientific discoveries.''' ,'''Many people, in their attempt to build a successful life, forget there are tools to help them.''' ,'''All of us, more than we recognize, are products of the thinking around us. And much of this thinking is little, not big.''' ,'''There is a good side to every situation.''' ,]
+++