+++
author = "Joe Taslim"
title = "Joe Taslim Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Joe Taslim Quotes"
keywords = "joe taslim,joe taslim quotes,joe taslim quote,joe taslim sayings,joe taslim saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Doing nothing would stress me out. So I am still pretty much active practicing judo with my friends, who are former judo athletes, to maintain our fitness as well as the friendships among us. In my spare time, I usually go jogging around the Gelora Bung Karno stadium or head to the gym.''' ,'''Becoming a coach has to be in your blood. There are hundreds and thousands of former athletes out there, but there are maybe only 10 people who want to dedicate their lives by taking on a job as a coach. Not only a master, a coach should also be a brother or sister to his apprentices.''' ,'''I have a particular pair of headphones I love so much I bring them everywhere: Beats Studio. It's perfect for watching movies as well because you feel like you have your own theater with you, even with your iPad.''' ,'''My favorite place in Indonesia is Bali. I was there with my family in Nusa Dua, and my kids loved it. I'm a workaholic, so for me, Bali is a place where you can have a vacation, but you can have your own moment as well. You feel like you blend with nature - and I love the beach.''' ,'''My parents wanted me to become a national athlete.''' ,'''Besides being good for our body, running helps us to focus and throw away negative energy.''' ,'''I watch a lot of movies. I've watched movies since I was a kid. My dad brought me to the theater once a week. Always - it was a must. So I think that influenced me a lot to be an actor.''' ,'''I don't take acting classes - I'm quite an autodidact. I prefer to learn from other actors by watching various movies. Evaluate my acting, spot the flaws and fix them.''' ,'''Being an actor has always been my dream.''' ,'''It feels so good to be able to be part of an action flick like 'The Raid' and to read the rave reviews in a number of film festivals.''' ,'''I mostly listen to very popular songs. But I'm a huge fan of Stevie Wonder, and I love jazz - Glenn Fredly, Diah Lestari - so 80% jazz, 20% mixed with everything - disco, hip hop.''' ,'''Having kids has been a turning point in my life because when I was still single, all I wanted was to impress beautiful girls.''' ,'''You don't need to go to the gym; all you need is a pair of shoes.''' ,'''I was a judo athlete, while taking modeling as my side job, before I eventually quit my professional sports career over a knee injury.''' ,]
+++