+++
author = "Bojan Bogdanovic"
title = "Bojan Bogdanovic Quotes"
quotes_len = "70"
description = "the best 70 Bojan Bogdanovic Quotes"
keywords = "bojan bogdanovic,bojan bogdanovic quotes,bojan bogdanovic quote,bojan bogdanovic sayings,bojan bogdanovic saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Many players don't need trust to be a good defensive player, but for me it's huge that the coaching staff believes in me and are putting me on the best player.''' ,'''I'm a shooter.''' ,'''It doesn't matter to me, because in Europe I used to play for my national team... I was one of the best players and I start from the bench. For a European player, it means nothing. If I'm going to have the minutes, it doesn't matter to me if I'm going to start.''' ,'''I never got the trust to guard those great, great players with the Wizards.''' ,'''I lost a little bit of confidence when I lost my minutes, and I started to play again and my confidence came back.''' ,'''I think I'm good enough for one-on-one.''' ,'''I love to go to the theater and watch movies when I have a chance.''' ,'''I just want to try to find my way to help teammates, and I am struggling from long range.''' ,'''I'm kind of superstitious. If I miss a game or practice, I think I will play bad the next day.''' ,'''I know I can and have to improve many aspects of my game. I have to play more in the low post like I did in Rio.''' ,'''I want to stay in shape.''' ,'''I hope some more players will come from Mostar to Brooklyn.''' ,'''I'm just trying to play loose.''' ,'''I'm trying to be myself, trying and be aggressive no matter what percentage I'm shooting.''' ,'''I hope that I will be the starter and that I'll play important minutes.''' ,'''I am here trying to prove myself every single game.''' ,'''I love to play heavy minutes, like every other single player.''' ,'''Every summer is always the same for me. I spend almost the whole summer with my national team in training camp. That's what I love. That's what I'm proud of.''' ,'''Indiana really treated me well. The organization, the GM, the president were pretty cool with me.''' ,'''I love when someone is honest with me and tells me right in my face what they are thinking about my game or my attitude or whatever.''' ,'''I have confidence in myself and my shot.''' ,'''If I'm wrong, I love to have someone tell me you're wrong, to yell at me. I wont be angry. I love honesty.''' ,'''I'm glad and proud to finally come overseas to play for Brooklyn.''' ,'''I'm just trying to take advantage of whatever the defense is giving me.''' ,'''I just want to get some minutes to help my teammates and show what I can do.''' ,'''I'm excited to be on the same court as Kevin Garnett and Deron Williams.''' ,'''In Europe, I used to post a lot because they call fouls over there easier than over here.''' ,'''I had a lot of green lights, and I showed other teams in the league what I was capable of doing.''' ,'''I don't like to change teams.''' ,'''It's tough to step in the shoes of Paul George.''' ,'''I will try to do my best and to play the best I can and I think I can do that for the Pacers.''' ,'''I think it's good for me to play in Fenerbahce, and play at a high level in the Euroleague.''' ,'''I don't say that I am playing great defense, but I am working hard at trying to make it tough for each offensive player that I'm guarding.''' ,'''Each day I'm learning more and more and getting more comfortable.''' ,'''But when you have a coaching staff that draws the last play for you, you better go out there with the confidence.''' ,'''Maybe I can become an all-rookie, but first I have to get minutes to play for Brooklyn.''' ,'''When you're in a bad situation, when you're losing, every day is tough.''' ,'''I have to keep calm and work on my shots in practice.''' ,'''I worked a lot with my personal coaches in Croatia. That helped me to play on that level in the Olympics.''' ,'''A lot of guys who can play really good basketball can drop 40 on you, and it's the same thing with LeBron.''' ,'''I'm a big soccer fan. My favorite player is Ronaldo, but the real Ronaldo. The Ronaldo from Brazil.''' ,'''Everybody is trying to help me, to give me confidence, telling me that I'm a good player. Because I look shy on the court. So I have to be more aggressive.''' ,'''I mean, I know I am, let's say, a good shooter. So I hope I will start to knock down those shots.''' ,'''Time flies. Especially when you have a great time, when you're winning and the team is playing great.''' ,'''I had that small injury on my ankle, but I know that I am not playing like I used to play and like I have to play. So I have to keep working and try to play much better.''' ,'''I am working really hard with assistant coaches on both hands, left and right, finishing.''' ,'''I thought the Pacers were the best choice for me and my future in the league.''' ,'''It's been a long time in recovery. It's the first time I'm in this position, the first time I have any major injury. So it's been tough for me mentally.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if I am going to come off the bench or if I am going to be a starter.''' ,'''I really treated Indiana like my home. I spent a great two years over there. I played my best basketball there.''' ,'''Everybody would like to be starter, but if I'm not, it's no big deal for me.''' ,'''I really established my game and myself the two years I was in Indy.''' ,'''This is my dream, was to come and play in the NBA.''' ,'''Sometimes you get nervous because you cannot make shots and then you rush your shot and then you take bad shots and then you get even more nervous.''' ,'''I don't want to be in the NBA just to be here. I want to play and I think the Pacers are the right place to be.''' ,'''I was not looking for the money. I was looking for the opportunity that I was going to be a starter and play a decent amount of minutes.''' ,'''In Europe they are all kind of hard. They yell a lot, but they are trying to be honest and try to teach you how to get a work ethic and how to play the right way.''' ,'''There's a lot of coaches around this league like, 'Everything is good,' and it's not.''' ,'''I'm not sensitive.''' ,'''I am already a veteran because I've been in the league for three years and I've played big games in the Euro League.''' ,'''The reason why I'm playing good is because I don't think one second about my free agency.''' ,'''I have to be better maybe on the weak side of the offense, on closeouts.''' ,'''It was really tough back then in Croatia to watch the NBA games because we were not that powerful of a country. They didn't even show the games on TV. So we were always trying to find someway to watch the games, especially the Finals.''' ,'''In the national team, many guys quit, did not want to play, and we had a really young team, and we changed the coach. Many things happened for us.''' ,'''I'm happy to have minutes to play, to be on the court, but I know that I have to be much more aggressive and start to play better.''' ,'''I just have to be ready and shoot it no matter what percentage I'm shooting.''' ,'''I don't like any tape on my body, so I'm just trying to figure out what works best for me mentally, and for my wrist as well. We have to try and tape my wrist a different way every single practice to find a way.''' ,'''I'm trying to take care of my body.''' ,'''I'm kind of a quiet guy.''' ,'''It's always fun to play against your ex-teammates to see how they're going to react.''' ,]
+++