+++
author = "Leslie Mann"
title = "Leslie Mann Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Leslie Mann Quotes"
keywords = "leslie mann,leslie mann quotes,leslie mann quote,leslie mann sayings,leslie mann saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everything is so chaotic. My nervous system can't handle it. I need my peace, so, every once in a while, while the kids are at school, I lie in bed, close the curtains, watch television and eat food.''' ,'''I'm pretty much game for anything.''' ,'''When I was 9, my parents let me take a cab to the mall all by myself. I had hardly any money to spend, but I did have a very specific list of things I wanted to do: buy cookies and sit on the furniture at Sears.''' ,'''When I started auditioning, I'd take any audition I could get. The more dramatic ones didn't go as well as the comedic.''' ,'''All the things you put off, like learning to play the piano or leaning a different language? You're like, what's the point? I'm not really gonna do that, am I?''' ,'''I like dark humor. My favorite movie of all time is 'Harold and Maude.'''' ,'''I'm terrified by speaking in front of people!''' ,'''I'm very comfortable when I'm working; I don't hold back at all.''' ,'''Auditioning is so nerve-racking.''' ,'''I have lunches with my girlfriends, who just turned 40, and some of those lunches, we're crying and screaming about our husbands, saying we want to leave them and run away. And then, other lunches, we're fine and love our husbands and are happy with our lives.''' ,'''My mother married three times. My dad is... I don't really have one. I mean, he does exist, but I have zero relationship with him.''' ,'''I tried to kickbox once right after I had my first baby, and I was so miserable; it was so hard. And I went home, and I passed out for three hours because it's so hard.''' ,'''I don't quite fit in in like a pure dramatic thing, but I still think of myself sometimes as sort of a dramatic actress.''' ,'''Megan Fox is so funny.''' ,'''They say that when a woman wants to end a relationship, she cuts off all of her hair. I've done that twice in my marriage but am still married.''' ,'''I bring a poofy gray down jacket with me wherever I go. It's meant for winter, but I use it most in the summer, when everyone cranks up the air-conditioning.''' ,'''Along with age comes more confidence, so it kind of works out.''' ,'''I don't take anything at face value. I always look for the reasons people are the way they are.''' ,'''I'd never want to go back to being in my twenties or thirties. I was lost and confused and uncomfortable in my own skin.''' ,'''You have nothing to offer if you're just some machine actress.''' ,'''Women do not like CDs of live music. We only like the original recordings. If a song sounds different from the version we fell in love with, then it's awful.''' ,'''It's always fun to think about winning an award. I thought about winning awards when I was a little girl. Everybody wants to win an award for something.''' ,'''I feel like I could be good at directing or producing, but I don't know.''' ,'''Child actors don't have great track records.''' ,'''I like more grounded comedy. I enjoy broad comedies also, but I like Shirley MacLaine.''' ,'''My favourite movie is 'Terms of Endearment.'''' ,'''I've known my two best girlfriends since junior high school.''' ,'''I honestly don't know where the high voice thing came from in the first place. Why do people have high voices? Emotional problems? What is that? It could easily be that. And now I'm getting more normal, and my voice is getting deeper.''' ,'''I never felt comfortable leaving my kids until they were older. When they were babies, I remember thinking that I could never go on a Jerry Bruckheimer set and feel comfortable.''' ,'''Perfect people are the scariest people to me.''' ,'''I'm so sick of seeing these movies where married couples are just cuddling on the couch and caressing each other's faces.''' ,'''I feel very protective of younger actresses, because it was so hard for me in the business.''' ,'''Basically, I just want to do a movie where I'm surrounded by women.''' ,'''I like being married to someone who does what I do, and we can talk for hours about all of this stuff that I struggle with and all this stuff that he struggles with because we're struggling with the same things. If I was married to a banker, I don't know what we'd talk about.''' ,'''Don't assume I have everything figured out... I get as confused about life as everybody, and sometimes I think I'm just hurtling through the world without a plan at all.''' ,'''I didn't think I was a humorless shrew in 'Knocked Up.' I think the women are just as funny as the men are in that movie.''' ,'''I've always surrounded myself with funny people.''' ,'''There aren't good roles for women: the female parts aren't developed: the women are serving the men.''' ,'''Men. We love them. We respect them. But we rarely get to objectify them.''' ,'''Growing up, I wasn't as comfortable expressing myself as I am now, and I think that's why I chose acting: because it's acceptable to have your feelings. It's a place that they want you to feel. Whereas in life, growing up, it was 'Be quiet!' and 'Keep it to yourself.'''' ,'''I'm not willing to spend too much time away from my kids, so I usually don't work that much.''' ,'''I've always been intrigued by the supernatural.''' ,'''I'm not really interested in doing a traditional romantic comedy where everything ties up neatly.''' ,'''I was teased relentlessly when I was a kid about my voice, so it's kind of nice that now I'm making a lot of money with it.''' ,'''When you have little kids, you lose friends because you're so busy, but as they get older, you realise how important it is to have your girlfriends around.''' ,'''Women love hairy men. Cavemen were the sexiest men in history.''' ,'''I didn't think, 'I want to do dramas or I want to do comedies' - I wasn't clear in that way.''' ,'''Sixteen is a hard time. A lot of kids are experimenting with things.''' ,'''I don't understand why people think it's harder to do drama than it is to do comedy.''' ,'''Once a month, I get together with my girlfriends and we usually check into a hotel or go to someone else's house. We can talk for 15 hours, and it just flies by.''' ,]
+++