+++
author = "Taylor Hanson"
title = "Taylor Hanson Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Taylor Hanson Quotes"
keywords = "taylor hanson,taylor hanson quotes,taylor hanson quote,taylor hanson sayings,taylor hanson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Hanson has rapid female fans, which I'm completely proud of, but a lot of fans are a contingent that have grown up with us really - our peers. There's younger fans. More and more guys are Hanson fans, musicians or kind of guys who were into a Beatles record.''' ,'''People don't realize who this band is always been because we're so young, and it's hard to get over that stigma.''' ,'''My wife is amazing. She had to know she was getting into a heap of trouble when we met.''' ,'''To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.''' ,'''Having a baby is a life-changer. It gives you a whole other perspective on why you wake up every day.''' ,'''Sometimes, fear is good. Sometimes it's a good thing to have a little bit of a reality check.''' ,'''The Tinted Windows shows were very fun but it's very different for me as a performer. I'm not playing music - I'm just singing and I missed that. I miss rocking out on keys, drums, guitar... whatever it is.''' ,'''I know for my wife and I, we always loved the idea of being young parents.''' ,'''I'm a coffee enthusiast. I try not to have too many bad habits.''' ,'''Radio is a really strange business now, too. There's a very narrow door and a very few people control what gets played.''' ,'''Hopefully, there's a place in music for Tinted Windows. If we're really trying to be iconic, we should just stop right now. If one of us could die, that would also help. But I don't think anybody wants that gig.''' ,'''I don't know if it's irrational, and I would never say this before, but I think I'm a little bit agoraphobic when I'm in huge crowds of people. I mean, it's claustrophobic, probably - small spaces and large groups of people, anxiety rises for me.''' ,'''Nuclear holocaust might eliminate the Internet.''' ,'''You never get to pick how you get pinned and how people perceive you.''' ,'''There's always a spattering of people who see Hanson who were influenced by classic '60's and '70's rock and roll. In a lot of ways, we're sort of the anatomy of a '70's rock band if you examine what we do: white guys who grew up listening to soul music from the '50's and '60's.''' ,'''You have to lead people to get excited and be passionate and be activated by what you do.''' ,'''A lot of labels are hiring a lot more accountants than people that know music.''' ,'''I've figured out what to do with my hands... onstage. I'm a percussion player, so I grab a tambourine as much as I can.''' ,'''The difference between Tinted Windows and Hanson shows is a lot of just repertoire. Hanson has been a band for years - we have a lot of songs to pull from and it's a different dynamic - a common kind of thread. With Tinted Windows - it's kind of a little like 'hey, we're this new band.'''' ,'''You can say we're trying too hard or that we didn't try hard enough, but we're not trying at all; we're just doing what we do.''' ,'''As I discovered music, especially Rock 'n Roll, new territory was opened to me. I was lured by the unbridled rhythm of this art form. It was like gasoline on the fire of my youthful spirit.''' ,'''I want to be able to talk about changing the world through your actions and being a generation that is aware and a force to be reckoned with - and at the same time be dancing.''' ,'''I know for my wife and I, we always loved the idea of being young parents. It is an incredibly inspiring and challenging job being a parent, and as it turns out, being young really helps you keep up.''' ,]
+++