+++
author = "Halle Berry"
title = "Halle Berry Quotes"
quotes_len = "79"
description = "the best 79 Halle Berry Quotes"
keywords = "halle berry,halle berry quotes,halle berry quote,halle berry sayings,halle berry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''By the time I left school, I had a lot of tenacity.''' ,'''I think we have become obsessed with beauty and personally I'm really saddened by the way women mutilate their faces today in search of that.''' ,'''In a perfect world, I would be a painter. I love working with my hands. I don't get to do it as much as I like, but I am finding a way to make more time as life goes on because it's a really great outlet for me to express myself.''' ,'''It is very hard to separate one's self from a character. Sometimes the people closest to me have to be very understanding.''' ,'''While being called beautiful is extremely flattering, I would much rather be noticed for my work as an actress.''' ,'''I'd like to be able to use Storm's powers for good, like have it rain more in Southern California. We could do with it.''' ,'''What's hardest for me to swallow is when there is a love story, say, with a really high-profile male star and there's no reason I can't play the part. They say, 'Oh, we love Halle, we just don't want to go black with this part.'''' ,'''I always had to diet. I'm diabetic, so it's a lifestyle for me anyway just to stay healthy and not end up in the hospital.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of portraying anything on-screen.''' ,'''I'm not done with love, but I refuse to settle.''' ,'''In the X-Men the women are so strong and sexy! We really kick some male butt!''' ,'''Every story about me is so heavy and dramatic. That's not how I do life. But that's the impression people have, and that's what keeps getting reiterated. As if I'm still stuck in all the muck of the past. And I am so not.''' ,'''You have to get the audience invested even if you're doing something that they think is dumb, it's kind of what these movies are all about.''' ,'''I'll never get married again, and I always hate to say never to anything, but I will never marry again.''' ,'''My style has evolved in a nice way, but everyone has bad moments.''' ,'''My mother helped me identify myself the way the world would identify me. Bloodlines didn't matter as much as how I would be perceived.''' ,'''I won't have a traditional marriage; I don't find the value in that anymore. But I am such a hopeless romantic and I really want love and I want a committed relationship, so I am going to reinvent marriage for myself.''' ,'''Throughout my career I have been talked out of things I wanted to do, and when I look back, I think I should have followed my instincts.''' ,'''I spent a lot of time with a crown on my head.''' ,'''Self-esteem comes from who you have in your life. How you were raised. What you struggled with as a child.''' ,'''Having a baby takes so much from you. It's the most glorious thing you'll ever do, but the aftermath is not so glorious!''' ,'''When I was a kid, my mother told me that if you could not be a good loser, then there's no way you could be a good winner.''' ,'''I was black growing up in an all-white neighborhood, so I felt like I just didn't fit in. Like I wasn't as good as everybody else, or as smart, or whatever.''' ,'''You think you know what love is - until you have a child and discover that unconditional mother love.''' ,'''The worst thing a man can ever do is kiss me on the first date.''' ,'''I'm done with men... I'm going to be alone. I have no luck with relationships. I don't think I'm made for marriage.''' ,'''I guess you could say I have bad taste in men. But I no longer feel the need to be someone's wife.''' ,'''I don't think I'm unlike a lot of people. I am just someone who is trying to find that mate, and I think it's a really hard thing to do.''' ,'''If you set out to do something and you give it your all and it doesn't work out, be willing to modify your goal slightly. Have the ability to look in another direction. A small shift could guide you to the real purposes of your life.''' ,'''The times may have changed, but the people are still the same. We're still looking for love, and that will always be our struggle as human beings.''' ,'''My whole life I've had the fear that I was going to be abandoned.''' ,'''Don't take yourself too seriously. Know when to laugh at yourself, and find a way to laugh at obstacles that inevitably present themselves.''' ,'''The first step is clearly defining what it is you're after, because without knowing that, you'll never get it.''' ,'''Being biracial is sort of like being in a secret society. Most people I know of that mix have a real ability to be in a room with anyone, black or white.''' ,'''Being a mother is probably the most important thing in my life right now.''' ,'''The man for me is the cherry on the pie. But I'm the pie and my pie is good all by itself. Even if I don't have a cherry.''' ,'''Blackness is a state of mind, and I identify with the black community. Mainly, because I realized, early on, when I walk into a room, people see a black woman, they don't see a white woman. So out of that reason alone, I identify more with the black community.''' ,'''I'm learning to accept the lack of privacy as the real downer in my profession.''' ,'''I do not love to work out, but if I stick to exercising every day and put the right things in my mouth, then my diabetes just stays in check.''' ,'''I don't know why, but I respond well to tortured characters.''' ,'''I'm not sad at all about turning 40.''' ,'''I think I am at my best when my hair is short. It's easier to take care of and more of who I am. Women are conditioned to think we need long hair.''' ,'''After all, everybody has secrets and there are some things that nobody knows about you but only you, right?''' ,'''Anytime you put a movie out it's subject to such scrutiny and such criticism.''' ,'''I'm not one of these actresses like, 'Okay, where's the camera? Is it here? Is it here?' I don't even ask the questions because I don't really want to know. I like not performing for a camera but giving it my best every single time whether you're close or whether you're far.''' ,'''Beauty is not just physical.''' ,'''I wish all men were like dogs.''' ,'''I'm not the girl for superhigh fashion because I don't have the right body.''' ,'''I think a smart person today realizes that you have to be part of the art films that are done just for the sake of the art.''' ,'''I'm not a fanatic about exercising. For me, it's about moderation and balance.''' ,'''There's a place in me that can really relate to being the underdog.''' ,'''Let me tell you something - being thought of as a beautiful woman has spared me nothing in life. No heartache, no trouble. Love has been difficult. Beauty is essentially meaningless and it is always transitory.''' ,'''Career is important, but nothing really supersedes my roles as a mother.''' ,'''I'm not done with love, but I refuse to settle. I am a hopeless romantic. And I won't stop till I get it right.''' ,'''I archive a lot of my clothes and have them wrapped up and in boxes. I call them 'little tombs' and keep them in a storage space... I would never get rid of the dress I wore on the night I won my Oscar. When I die, someone can have it, but not a minute before!''' ,'''I always had to prove myself through my actions. Be a cheerleader. Be class president. Be the editor of the newspaper.''' ,'''If you're of multiple races, you have a different challenge, a unique challenge of embracing all of who you are but still finding a way to identify yourself and I think that's often hard for us to do.''' ,'''People win 'Oscars', and then it seems like they fall off the planet. And that's partly because a huge expectation walks in the room and sits right down on top of your head.''' ,'''I'm a much better mother at 46... than if I were like, 21 or 25.''' ,'''I like Doritos. I'm usually watching 'The Biggest Loser' eating Doritos.''' ,'''I think it's always best to be who you are.''' ,'''I see women in their 30s getting plastic surgery, pulling this up and tucking that back. It's like a slippery slope - once you start you pull one thing one way and then you think, 'Oh my God, I've got to do the other side.'''' ,'''I know I'm only one human being and I'm only making one tiny contribution and it's nothing more than that.''' ,'''I know that I will never find my father in any other man who comes into my life, because it is a void in my life that can only be filled by him.''' ,'''And you also have to do movies that are about commerce because that's what is required of the industry today.''' ,'''I am a hopeless romantic. And I won't stop till I get it right.''' ,'''I never wanted to be a model. My modelling career was nothing but a stepping stone to my acting career and that's all I ever saw it as. A pointless rock in the river that has to be stepped on in order to get to the meaningful oasis of acting.''' ,'''I think I've evolved into someone pretty confident - in myself and in my skin.''' ,'''What's the worst that can happen? If it doesn't do well I can put on my big girl panties, deal with it and move on.''' ,'''I think there's a certain level of trust that I have with women. I've always been honest, even when I haven't had good times in my life or my movie bombed or I've had great success. I've owned up to all of it.''' ,'''I don't see a white woman. I see a black woman, even though my mother is white. Knowing that has made my life easier, I think.''' ,'''I carried my Oscar to bed with me. My first and only three-way happened that night.''' ,'''People win Oscars, and then it seems like they fall off the planet. And that's partly because a huge expectation walks in the room and sits right down on top of your head. The moment I won the Oscar, I felt the teardown the very next day.''' ,'''A person's self-esteem has nothing to do with how she looks.''' ,'''There have been so many people who have said to me, 'You can't do that,' but I've had an innate belief that they were wrong. Be unwavering and relentless in your approach.''' ,'''When I think, where did I laugh the most, where did I eat the most, where did I just feel good all the time, I would say making the Bond movie 'Die Another Day.' To be part of such an iconic franchise and to travel to exotic places - that was the most fun I ever had.''' ,'''If you really want to be competitive in today's market you have to be in movies that make money.''' ,'''I'm just going to live my life and be who I am.''' ,'''I'm not the girl for super high fashion because I don't have the right body. When I want to get dressed up, I'm a Roberto Cavalli girl.''' ,]
+++