+++
author = "Greg Lemond"
title = "Greg Lemond Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Greg Lemond Quotes"
keywords = "greg lemond,greg lemond quotes,greg lemond quote,greg lemond sayings,greg lemond saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know it is possible to win the Tour without taking anything.''' ,'''Seattle is very similar to Minneapolis. I like the culture; I like the people. I raced a bike and won a national championship on Lake Washington in 1977, so I've had a connection there for a long time.''' ,'''I love downtown Seattle. It's a city that has all of the outdoor activities and is still a very cosmopolitan city.''' ,'''I've always thought that travelling every day as a journalist on the Tour's got to be harder than actually racing.''' ,'''I want to tell the world of cycling to please join me in telling Pat McQuaid to resign. I have never seen such an abuse of power in cycling's history - resign, Pat, if you love cycling. Resign even if you hate the sport.''' ,'''More people should apologize, and more people should accept apologies when sincerely made.''' ,'''I know I'll never feel that sensation of racing and winning again and that took a while to get used to. The Tour was a race I never thought I could lose.''' ,'''There are so many people who have died of cycling, and that didn't happen when I was racing.''' ,'''Sincere apologies are for those that make them, not for those to whom they are made. Sincere apologies are for those that make them, not for those to whom they are made.''' ,'''Even good people are obliged to deceive.''' ,'''I guess I'm a semi-retired person. I work out of my house. I'm a skier in the winter - downhill and cross country. I have a place in Montana for the down-hilling.''' ,'''I have always struggled to achieve excellence. One thing that cycling has taught me is that if you can achieve something without a struggle it's not going to be satisfying.''' ,'''Racing is a very selfish, self-centred, self-glorifying thing. My wife's life for 14 years was centered around me. It was all about me. It was all for my ego.''' ,'''I rode in a nine-day charity ride recently, averaged 43km a day and still finished in the lead group. I'm 38, not quite finished yet.''' ,'''It is cycling as a professional sport that represents the problem. It can transform someone into a liar.''' ,'''I'm more optimistic about cycling right now than I've ever been.''' ,'''You don't suffer, kill yourself and take the risks I take just for money. I love bike racing.''' ,'''There are few things that you can't do as long as you are willing to apply yourself.''' ,'''Testing, we will never do enough of it.''' ,'''I know too that we Americans like to think of ourselves as cleaner than clean, a healthy nation who would never take anything when a recent poll suggested that 65 per cent of the population would risk dying in 10 years if they would be guaranteed Olympic gold.''' ,'''I used to trapshoot. I was actually a junior national champion. My parents are trapshooters, so I'm more into target stuff.''' ,'''Perhaps the single most important element in mastering the techniques and tactics of racing is experience. But once you have the fundamentals, acquiring the experience is a matter of time.''' ,'''If people really want to clean the sport of cycling up, all you have to do is put your money where your mouth is.''' ,'''The physical demands of cycling is that it actually lowers your immune system, and you expose yourself to a tremendous amount of elements - so certain people might get a chronic overload and develop, say, bad asthma.''' ,]
+++