+++
author = "Pablo Picasso"
title = "Pablo Picasso Quotes"
quotes_len = "79"
description = "the best 79 Pablo Picasso Quotes"
keywords = "pablo picasso,pablo picasso quotes,pablo picasso quote,pablo picasso sayings,pablo picasso saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To draw you must close your eyes and sing.''' ,'''There are only two types of women - goddesses and doormats.''' ,'''Work is a necessity for man. Man invented the alarm clock.''' ,'''Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.''' ,'''Sculpture is the best comment that a painter can make on painting.''' ,'''To make oneself hated is more difficult than to make oneself loved.''' ,'''An idea is a point of departure and no more. As soon as you elaborate it, it becomes transformed by thought.''' ,'''Art is the elimination of the unnecessary.''' ,'''It takes a long time to become young.''' ,'''Every act of creation is first an act of destruction.''' ,'''Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.''' ,'''When I was a child, my mother said to me, 'If you become a soldier, you'll be a general. If you become a monk, you'll end up as the Pope.' Instead, I became a painter and wound up as Picasso.''' ,'''I don't believe in accidents. There are only encounters in history. There are no accidents.''' ,'''What might be taken for a precocious genius is the genius of childhood. When the child grows up, it disappears without a trace. It may happen that this boy will become a real painter some day, or even a great painter. But then he will have to begin everything again, from zero.''' ,'''Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.''' ,'''I do not seek. I find.''' ,'''Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.''' ,'''They ought to put out the eyes of painters as they do goldfinches in order that they can sing better.''' ,'''There is no abstract art. You must always start with something. Afterward you can remove all traces of reality.''' ,'''If all the ways I have been along were marked on a map and joined up with a line, it might represent a minotaur.''' ,'''Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.''' ,'''Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.''' ,'''The genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima.''' ,'''When I die, it will be a shipwreck, and as when a huge ship sinks, many people all around will be sucked down with it.''' ,'''Everything is a miracle. It is a miracle that one does not dissolve in one's bath like a lump of sugar.''' ,'''You mustn't always believe what I say. Questions tempt you to tell lies, particularly when there is no answer.''' ,'''One does a whole painting for one peach and people think just the opposite - that particular peach is but a detail.''' ,'''To finish a work? To finish a picture? What nonsense! To finish it means to be through with it, to kill it, to rid it of its soul, to give it its final blow the coup de grace for the painter as well as for the picture.''' ,'''The chief enemy of creativity is 'good' sense.''' ,'''The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web.''' ,'''The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.''' ,'''Is there anything more dangerous than sympathetic understanding?''' ,'''Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.''' ,'''God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.''' ,'''The people who make art their business are mostly imposters.''' ,'''Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot, others transform a yellow spot into the sun.''' ,'''We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth, at least the truth that is given to us to understand.''' ,'''I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.''' ,'''Every positive value has its price in negative terms... the genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima.''' ,'''Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not.''' ,'''Youth has no age.''' ,'''If there were only one truth, you couldn't paint a hundred canvases on the same theme.''' ,'''It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction.''' ,'''The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?''' ,'''It took me four years to paint like Raphael, but a lifetime to paint like a child.''' ,'''I'd like to live as a poor man with lots of money.''' ,'''Success is dangerous. One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility.''' ,'''Disciples be damned. It's not interesting. It's only the masters that matter. Those who create.''' ,'''Everything you can imagine is real.''' ,'''He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.''' ,'''The older you get the stronger the wind gets - and it's always in your face.''' ,'''Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.''' ,'''Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.''' ,'''I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.''' ,'''We don't grow older, we grow riper.''' ,'''One must act in painting as in life, directly.''' ,'''Love is the greatest refreshment in life.''' ,'''I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them.''' ,'''Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs.''' ,'''What is a face, really? Its own photo? Its make-up? Or is it a face as painted by such or such painter? That which is in front? Inside? Behind? And the rest? Doesn't everyone look at himself in his own particular way? Deformations simply do not exist.''' ,'''Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.''' ,'''Action is the foundational key to all success.''' ,'''My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso.''' ,'''If only we could pull out our brain and use only our eyes.''' ,'''Are we to paint what's on the face, what's inside the face, or what's behind it?''' ,'''Who sees the human face correctly: the photographer, the mirror, or the painter?''' ,'''When you start with a portrait and search for a pure form, a clear volume, through successive eliminations, you arrive inevitably at the egg. Likewise, starting with the egg and following the same process in reverse, one finishes with the portrait.''' ,'''Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.''' ,'''I have a horror of people who speak about the beautiful. What is the beautiful? One must speak of problems in painting!''' ,'''We must not discriminate between things. Where things are concerned there are no class distinctions. We must pick out what is good for us where we can find it.''' ,'''The more technique you have, the less you have to worry about it. The more technique there is, the less there is.''' ,'''Why do two colors, put one next to the other, sing? Can one really explain this? no. Just as one can never learn how to paint.''' ,'''Painting is a blind man's profession. He paints not what he sees, but what he feels, what he tells himself about what he has seen.''' ,'''Never permit a dichotomy to rule your life, a dichotomy in which you hate what you do so you can have pleasure in your spare time. Look for a situation in which your work will give you as much happiness as your spare time.''' ,'''To copy others is necessary, but to copy oneself is pathetic.''' ,'''You have to have an idea of what you are going to do, but it should be a vague idea.''' ,'''Give me a museum and I'll fill it.''' ,'''Good artists copy, great artists steal.''' ,'''All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.''' ,]
+++