+++
author = "Dale Murphy"
title = "Dale Murphy Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Dale Murphy Quotes"
keywords = "dale murphy,dale murphy quotes,dale murphy quote,dale murphy sayings,dale murphy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't want to give people the impression that I'm an almost perfect human being.''' ,'''Joe Torre would tell you to make sure you can hit the ball on the outside part of the plate.''' ,'''It's critical that the manager has the respect of players so he can make the moves that he feels is appropriate without having somebody go to the papers. They respect you. So you respect them back.''' ,'''Eddie Haas talked a lot about not hitting the ball in the air.''' ,'''To work with children anywhere is just plain fun.''' ,'''Maybe I am naive about certain things. But I'm glad. I know all I want to know.''' ,'''I've been lucky to have a lot of opportunities to help people.''' ,'''God isn't really interested in our batting averages.''' ,'''Society is what we make of it, so we'd better try to make it the best we can.''' ,'''It's always great when you're really needed.''' ,'''I miss baseball.''' ,'''I don't agree with everything that any of our political leaders say or believe - that's going to happen sometimes.''' ,'''I think people found out I'm just like anybody else. I've got problems, too.''' ,'''If you live what you believe, you will always have the respect of others.''' ,'''You don't usually get treated unfairly. You usually get what you deserve.''' ,'''One of the more challenging things in life is not being the guy who does the cheating, but not saying anything about it and going along with it.''' ,'''Gee I don't know, I just want to get home.''' ,'''Tommie Aaron taught me how to have a good attitude, to be easy going and not get uptight.''' ,'''I've been complimented enough and asked to run for various offices out here in Utah, but right now, I'm not interested. I don't know that I have the stomach for it.''' ,'''To go to hospitals and see people fight and overcome cystic fibrosis or cancer or any number of illnesses is to see courage that is humbling. And athletes constantly need to be humbled.''' ,'''When you come right down to it, I guess I really am pretty bland.''' ,'''Whether I'm hitting .100 or .300, I have resolved to at least enjoy every game.''' ,]
+++