+++
author = "Sarah Addison Allen"
title = "Sarah Addison Allen Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Sarah Addison Allen Quotes"
keywords = "sarah addison allen,sarah addison allen quotes,sarah addison allen quote,sarah addison allen sayings,sarah addison allen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Who I am, what I am, is the culmination of a lifetime of reading, a lifetime of stories. And there are still so many more books to read. I'm a work in progress.''' ,'''There's an old hymn called 'How Can I Keep from Singing?' That's what writing feels like to me. I have to write. It's intrinsic to who I am. So it was a natural choice for me to try to pursue writing as a career. Truthfully, though, I still daydream about how fun it would be to ride on the back of a garbage truck.''' ,'''My favorite books are the ones that make me smile for hours after reading them. I want that for my readers, for the sweetness to linger. Sort of like chocolate, but without the calories.''' ,'''At any given time I'm listening to the Cory Branan, Leonna Naess, Eve 6, the King's Noyse, Sean Paul, Green Day, the BoDeans, Buddy Holly, Nowell Sing We Clear... the list goes on and on. But I rarely listen to music while I write. I start typing the lyrics.''' ,'''I'm a classic stress-eater, so I know a lot about how eating can become a way of hiding from what's really wrong. I escape into food. But some people escape into books. Some into relationships that might not be good for them. The three main characters in 'The Sugar Queen' struggle with each of these comforts-turned-crutches.''' ,'''My writing process is very organic. I start with an idea. I have the general story arc and the cast. But then I sit down to write, and things change.''' ,'''Magical realism is a blending of the unusual or supernatural into an otherwise ordinary setting. And, to me, this perfectly describes the South. 'The Sugar Queen' involves a lot of magical happenings, but in a very down-home Southern setting. It's full of things that could almost be true.''' ,'''Don't give up because of the dark days. Succeed in spite of them. The dark days make the bright days seem even brighter. So bright you can hardly stand it.''' ,'''Cancer is too real, and too awful, and I can't make it good or magical. I couldn't even read a book where a character had cancer, for a while... But now I've reached a point where I don't think about cancer nonstop anymore, and sometimes I worry about that - I'm going to forget what I went through; I'm going to forget how horrible it was.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of Alice Hoffman, Fred Chappell and Susan Elizabeth Phillips.''' ,'''I think my characters are more wish fulfillments than they are mirrors. They see things I don't and live in a world I can only enter through words.''' ,'''Doctors say there's no such thing as chemo brain, but ask any chemo patient.''' ,'''The thing most consistently on my desk as I write is a cat - a different one at different times of the day. I think I'm more a part of their ritual.''' ,'''I love that my dad has stopped asking me when I'm going to get a real job.''' ,]
+++