+++
author = "Lou Ferrigno"
title = "Lou Ferrigno Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Lou Ferrigno Quotes"
keywords = "lou ferrigno,lou ferrigno quotes,lou ferrigno quote,lou ferrigno sayings,lou ferrigno saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''To be a champion you must act like one, act like a champion.''' ,'''The Hulk was a unique character because of his strength and power. He doesn't have a costume like Spiderman or like Superman - The Hulk is more visual. His passion and his strength, that is what separates him from anything else.''' ,'''There is no excuse for anyone not to train three times a week. People want to look fat. Anyone can change their mind if they want to. It's all about motivation.''' ,'''You are going to have bad days and have good days.''' ,'''I loved doing the 'King of Queens', I have never had so much fun doing a show. People got to see a different side of me.''' ,'''Most pro bodybuilders have bad relationships with their fathers. We want to prove something.''' ,'''Pumping iron is not what it used to be. It doesn't have the personality it used to. When we started out, people who worked out had nothing. Now there is so much money involved; back then it was the love of the sport. We appreciated what we have. Today it's not the same.''' ,'''I know right a way there's a person that's very insecure; that he's trying to out do me. And, ah, like I was saying before, if you give one-hundred percent of your best, and you may have fault, but there is nothing you can do, because you gave one-hundred percent.''' ,'''I have the largest collection of Hulk memorabilia in the world - everything from toilet paper, wallpaper, bicycles - all boxed up at my house in Northern California. I've had it for so long, I think it might be time to sell it.''' ,'''Anytime I do a movie or a TV show, I make them aware of my hearing loss at the beginning, and that makes it much easier for all of us to communicate and get the job done.''' ,'''Computers can bully us. A slow and unreliable system will bring even the toughest soul to their knees as they find themselves completely defenseless against the erratic whims of their rogue machine.''' ,'''I've done the voice for the Hulk for the animated cartoon.''' ,'''When I work out, I wear two in-the-ear hearing aids for comfort, and then I wear the behind-the-ears for my day-to-day non-physical activities, when I need maximum hearing and to communicate with people and do interviews!''' ,'''I don't think anybody else can play the Hulk like I could. I was able to show emotions even with all of the makeup. I don't think it can be duplicated.''' ,'''I love doing comedy. I did comedy for seven years on 'The King of Queens.'''' ,'''I've been involved with law enforcement for some time. My father was in law enforcement. I went through the training for Homeland Security. I enjoy it very much.''' ,'''It's funny how sometimes how the public some people think I was born like this. That I maybe I sleep and I do big muscle, but its a lot of work to look like this and to be in this kind of condition.''' ,'''If you are going to try and hide something, sooner or later people are going to find out.''' ,'''I'm a Republican. I may go into politics myself.''' ,'''I have a lot of anger about my childhood - being hard of hearing and my relationship with my father.''' ,'''I think Eric Bana would be a good Superman. He's got that look. I think he'd be a great Superman.''' ,''''The Hulk' was the beginning of me, a platform as an actor to grow.''' ,'''I have always had an ambition to do 'Dancing with the Stars.'''' ,'''I never think about losing.''' ,'''I did a movie 'I Love You, Man' and it got great reviews; it was very enjoyable.''' ,'''I train a lot of people on the side as a personal trainer, but I still work out myself to keep in great shape.''' ,'''The attitude is very important. Because, your behavior radiates how you feel.''' ,'''The truth is, I've been the Hulk my whole life.''' ,'''I have a tremendous passion for fitness, I love challenges and I am a very driven guy.''' ,'''I like to be home every night with my family.''' ,'''Bodybuilding saved my life because I overcame the nerd stage. I got picked on. I was fascinated with power, and then I decided to take that direction because I knew that would make me feel good about myself.''' ,'''Close to birth... I lost, like, 80 percent of my hearing, and I had difficulty speaking.''' ,]
+++