+++
author = "John Sweeney"
title = "John Sweeney Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 John Sweeney Quotes"
keywords = "john sweeney,john sweeney quotes,john sweeney quote,john sweeney sayings,john sweeney saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''America's workers deserve a clean vote on a $7.25 increase, with no strings attached. Such an increase helps everyone and hurts no one.''' ,'''I think we will see a united labor movement again. When workers unite they're stronger. The same goes for unions.''' ,'''There had to be something else out there that would help me change. I wanted to live.''' ,'''I was invincible, at least that's what I wanted you to think, and I wanted me to think it, too.''' ,'''The Bush administration staunchly opposed legislation which would preserve overtime pay for all workers.''' ,'''Why should a company like Wal-Mart - who made $10 billion last year alone - be able to force taxpayers to foot the bill for their health-care costs?''' ,'''In its current form, globalization cannot be sustained. Democratic societies will not support it. Authoritarian leaders will fear to impose it.''' ,'''We can no longer allow multinationals to parade as agents of progress and democracy in the newspapers, even as they subvert it at the workplace.''' ,'''For globalization to work for America, it must work for working people. We should measure the success of our economy by the breadth of our middle class, and the scope of opportunity offered to the poorest child to climb into that middle class.''' ,'''The BBC can be infuriating at times but I love it with a passion.''' ,'''I wish I hadn't lost it, and for the rest of my life I can never again lose my temper on TV. The BBC could have sacked me and that would have been the end of my career on TV.''' ,'''They had taken me to an exhibit called 'Psychiatry: Industry of Death' on Hollywood Boulevard, where a Scientologist told me psychiatrists set up the Holocaust. I feared I was being brain-washed. And then I lost it - big time.''' ,'''People actually get sponsors based on the merits of the Cup, not on the merits of the sailors.''' ,'''But it was also the best mistake I've ever made, because what it did was hopefully allow a whole new generation to make up their own minds about Scientology and for that I make no apology.''' ,'''We depend a lot on the guy upstairs in dire times, in addressing our concerns and looking for help.''' ,'''Working people are under the worst attack in 80 years. Never has there been a stronger need for a stronger union movement.''' ,'''In the 'Nike Economy,' there are no standards, no borders and no rules. Clearly, the global economy isn't working for workers in China and Indonesia and Burma any more than it is for workers here in the United States.''' ,'''The church acknowledges some Scientologists choose to sever communications with family members who leave. The church says it is a fundamental human right to cease communication with someone. It adds disconnection is used against expelled members and those who attack the church.''' ,'''I'm a passionate man and a passionate reporter. I've also got a loud voice.''' ,'''Henry Ford was right. A prosperous economy requires that workers be able to buy the products that they produce. This is as true in a global economy as a national one.''' ,'''I want to tell stories powerful people don't want you to tell. It's not worth getting out of bed otherwise.''' ,]
+++