+++
author = "Mithali Raj"
title = "Mithali Raj Quotes"
quotes_len = "77"
description = "the best 77 Mithali Raj Quotes"
keywords = "mithali raj,mithali raj quotes,mithali raj quote,mithali raj sayings,mithali raj saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My teammates will tell you I find it hard to remember what happened two weeks earlier, let alone what happened a decade and a half back.''' ,'''I feel that when you are chasing 270 there's always going to be pressure but you need the opening pair to give us a start so that the batters can take from thereon.''' ,'''There are expectations in everyone's lives. It might be small or big, but then you cannot forget to prioritise what is important and try to focus when it is really needed.''' ,'''But if you have live matches and there is TV coverage, I'm sure you have more viewership because people would love to see women's cricket again on television.''' ,'''You can't just give up because you lose one game. India has always had the problem that when faced with the crunch matches, the team does not necessarily step up.''' ,'''We get to play every team before the World Cup, touring in different conditions besides a few series at home. It gives a lot of opportunities to the youngsters. As we play more, we get to see who a quality player is and what plans and strategies would work for the team.''' ,'''When I got associated with Australian Diamonds, I started to know more about it, things like certificate of assurance and that they are sourced from a trusted and iconic mine... If you are spending so much, you should know from where the diamond is coming.''' ,'''As a young kid in the beginning, I myself did not know that there was women's cricket in India or that there is an Indian women's cricket team.''' ,'''Fitness is getting creative as gym equipment is not available at home. I am making do with the resources I have. I'm being given a schedule I can follow by my trainer. Of course it is not close to the exercises I can do in the gym. But I am trying to do as much as I can to maintain my strength.''' ,'''There will always be people who will criticise you without knowing the facts.''' ,'''When you are on the field as a captain, the mind is always working. You cannot relax at any point of time. You are always focussing on what is going to be the next move, what if it doesn't work, what if the situation changes and you have to change your plan.''' ,'''It is the pride to play for India that keeps me going. Not many get a chance to play for India and I feel very fortunate to be still playing. The will to do well for India is a big motivation.''' ,'''I think we are still on the lookout for a left-arm spinner who can at least be closer to what Neetu David has been for women's cricket.''' ,'''I have captained India in two World Cup finals. I definitely want to win the World Cup before I retire.''' ,'''When I made my debut I had a lot of seniors in the side, then players of my own age group, then juniors and now am rubbing shoulders with teenagers. It's actually the fourth generation of players and a rarity for a player to achieve it.''' ,'''Well, I think the turning point, in my opinion, has to be 2006 as in that year we came under BCCI. With that a lot of facilities were provided to us, a lot of things changed for good and better.''' ,'''When we talk about knowledge or tactical plans, if a woman coach has the capability, then she should surely get an opportunity to coach the Indian men's team.''' ,'''There are a lot of misconceptions that we can't play fast bowling or we can't bowl fast. We should have mixed matches. I have also played a lot of matches against boys because that's how we train.''' ,'''All of us at some point have been coached by a male cricketer. I strongly believe that they get a lot of intensity into the training sessions. They are very hard taskmasters.''' ,'''All of us follow men's cricket because we want at some point that women's cricket would be up there.''' ,'''From making my international debut as a 16-year-old to now 37, it has been a good 21 years of my prime life spent not at home but at the ground - different countries, hotels, grounds, coaches, travel etc. It's been a very privileged journey.''' ,'''When I am playing, I try to keep the genre very easy-going and breezy. I can't be into the book and not be into the profession I am in.''' ,'''Even at home I always play with the boys, I only play with the girls when I am closer to the tournament or a series.''' ,'''The first thing my mom told me after I reached Hyderabad was that I won't be going out on a two-wheeler.''' ,'''If you keep winning, people will stay glued to our cricket.''' ,'''Tamil is my mother tongue.''' ,'''I think at some level the ICC is trying to promote the women's game globally and that requires them to focus more on ODI and T20I cricket. They are trying to revive the game.''' ,'''I speak Tamil well and I am proud to be living as a Tamil. but above it all, I am very proud Indian!''' ,'''Sometimes, I sketch, but not every day. I sketch random things, whatever I can get my mind into. I'm not a professional, it is just a hobby I've started.''' ,'''I am very laidback and I take it as it comes.''' ,'''The biggest challenge I faced when I started playing in the 90s was my immediate family members were not very keen that I get into sport, leave alone cricket.''' ,'''Honestly, during the 2018 World Cup itself, I was saying T20 World Cup was going to be my last.''' ,'''There are some people who feel that they deserve a particular award or recognition, but I don't fall in that category.''' ,'''At this level, if you are aiming for the World Cup, because the tournament is so long there will be points where the team may lose a couple of games.''' ,'''India is still searching for its first World Cup title. Australia and England have shown they are able to bounce back from disappointment.''' ,'''As a cricketer and captain, the lowest has the 2013 World Cup as it happened in India. Being the host team, we couldn't qualify for the Super Six and it was a big platform to do well and showcase women's cricket.''' ,'''As a batter, I would want to see that the best bowler is in my side so I don't have to face him.''' ,'''Although I am not in the thick of things when it comes to T20 cricket, but as an ODI captain, I'd like to give more stability to the players.''' ,'''I have always believed that against smaller teams is when you can give others a chance to get some runs and gain some confidence.''' ,'''Having captained India for long, it is habitual to discuss with my mates and assess the bowling changes, the bowling changes, the field setting that the opposing captain would do.''' ,'''I would love to mentor youngsters.''' ,'''The more you win, the brand of women's cricket will go higher.''' ,'''Cricket was never my first choice. I never wanted to be a sportsperson. It just happened. It was destiny.''' ,'''Unless there is branding, players will not get adequate payment. Why do we want matches to be televised? Why do we want people to turn up for our matches? That's how you will generate revenue.''' ,'''Cricket is not gender biased. It isn't that men's cricket is different and women's a different one.''' ,'''Whether I lead or not, as a top order batsman I feel people expect a lot from me. I also expect that I do get runs and justify my place in the side as a top order batsman.''' ,'''As a captain and as a player I wanted to lead the team well and score runs, because I know the team still depends on me very much.''' ,'''It is important for me, no matter whether I lead or not, that I continue my form even in the World Cup. It is important that you get runs because people look up to you, and the team also expects you to get runs being a senior member of the side.''' ,'''But as a player, you feel sad that at this level you are being singled out for the fact that I stood up for myself. I have not done anything wrong standing up for myself.''' ,'''But once you get accepted and are trained under the best coaches, these things really help boost your confidence level.''' ,'''A couple of my friends told me to get into cooking but I have not been able to get myself into the kitchen.''' ,'''With central contracts, you are very well looked after by the board. You do not have to be bothered about anything else. Just put in the hard work and do well for the country.''' ,'''With more sponsors coming in, media engagements happening, and matches being televised, youngsters can get carried away. In such a scenario, a mentor can step in and help in channelising the cricketers' energies into the sport.''' ,'''I began my journey as a captain when I was just 21-22 and leading the Indian side for so many years has helped me also grow as a person. My growth as a person pretty much has happened on the ground along with teammates.''' ,'''Even though I am someone who played one-dayers more, I have equally prepared hard for the T20 format too.''' ,'''But growing as an India cricketer it was about the blue jersey and the pride we all felt wearing that jersey.''' ,'''I love sleeping and to inculcate the habit of early rising, my dad forced me to take up a sport. That was the only reason I started playing cricket in the first place. And thereafter it continued.''' ,'''A lot of people have a different perspective on this but my personal view is that while things have become more professional with we being centrally contracted, we don't play as regularly as the men do. The number of matches we play is too less as compared to men.''' ,'''Initially, I was into dance and learnt Bharatnatyam for eight years. I appeared on various TV shows.''' ,'''The Qualifier is a different standard to what we will face in the World Cup in England. The conditions will be different, the pressure is different, double or treble what we faced here. This will give a base for all the young players rather than go into World Cup raw.''' ,'''It will be important because every country is looking forward to getting more girls to play the sport. And if you have another World Cup of, say, Under-19 or Under-21, it gives an opportunity for young girls to compete at that level because there's something to look forward to.''' ,'''People were not even knowing that women's cricket existed. And from that phase to today where people would want to follow women's cricket, I think we have come a long way.''' ,'''When we left Mumbai to play in the World Cup there were hardly any journalists to see us off. But when we returned to India on July 25 having made the final, there were close to a hundred journalists at 2.30 in the morning. It was totally new.''' ,'''My dad and some of them felt I should be playing on home soil and retire in front of the home crowd.''' ,'''A lot of parents today come forward to encourage their daughters to take up sport because they feel women's cricket is growing in India and they can make a profession out of it.''' ,'''It's not just about women's cricket, but everywhere, every athlete's momentum has been broken because of Covid-19.''' ,'''I am from a south Indian Tamilian family, so all my cousins are into academics and I alone was in sports.''' ,'''All the people who were needed to be told about my decision were informed. 2021 World Cup would definitely be my swansong. I am looking forward to preparing for the World Cup.''' ,'''These youngsters are gaining experience and making use of the opportunities. At some point, it will help me be relieved of responsibility because World Cup is such a high pressure tournament.''' ,'''Men's cricket sets the bar. We are always trying to reach where they set the standard.''' ,'''The World Cup, as an event, carries a lot of pressure, irrespective of the number of caps you have earned, and the pressure doubles when you play at home.''' ,'''Obviously, we don't want to go into a World Cup thinking low about the team. We are very positive and had some good practice matches, which should give us confidence.''' ,'''I'm not saying the fact that I am the best T20 player. No! I know where I stand.''' ,'''If only a few games are televised and you don't have a follow-up, like no live coverage of the Sri Lanka series after the Australia series, where we did so well, things will not improve.''' ,'''But, ultimately, it is up to the captain to decide whether she wants to accept a suggestion or not. But, as a senior member of the team, I will always give suggestions for the betterment of the team, whenever I can come up with any.''' ,'''Let's say something like Olympics is happening, I will definitely watch because that is something which is live after so many months. I think sports will definitely get people to watch.''' ,'''I do not make decisions based on emotion, because it is my career and I would like to be more practical when it comes to career.''' ,]
+++