+++
author = "Edd Byrnes"
title = "Edd Byrnes Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Edd Byrnes Quotes"
keywords = "edd byrnes,edd byrnes quotes,edd byrnes quote,edd byrnes sayings,edd byrnes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was 18, I drove from New York to California to be a movie star. Not an actor, mind you, but a movie star. Have you ever heard of anything so silly?''' ,'''Madeleine Albright introduced herself to me. I talked to Henry Kissinger and Barbara Walters. And I asked Peter Jennings to write a note of encouragement to my son, Logan, a news anchor at the ABC affiliate in Palm Springs.''' ,'''The divorce was the toughest thing in my life. It still hurts.''' ,'''I remember we would get young, aspiring actors to come on '77 Sunset Strip' - I remember George Kennedy was one of those - and they would do a big guest star part, a lead, and they'd be paid maybe $850.''' ,'''In the days when I was the big hero, the money wasn't much. Nobody made anything on television in those days.''' ,'''I don't envy young actors.''' ,'''I went to Yugoslavia to make a movie. People saw me there and asked me to do a movie in Germany. And that led to a movie in Italy. Before I knew it, I was in Europe for most of the next 10 years.''' ,'''It was hard to admit I had a problem when I still had money, property, prestige. How can I have a problem when I'm driving my new Mercedes, and it's paid for, and I have a house at Malibu?''' ,'''Happiness is an inside job.''' ,]
+++