+++
author = "Ryan Hansen"
title = "Ryan Hansen Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Ryan Hansen Quotes"
keywords = "ryan hansen,ryan hansen quotes,ryan hansen quote,ryan hansen sayings,ryan hansen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Honestly, it's been amazing to be a part of this journey on 'Veronica Mars.'''' ,'''Run for the door if a guy has too much gel in his hair and is too tan and it's not even summer.''' ,'''In L.A., I worked as a bagger at a Ralphs for about two weeks. And I said, 'I just can't do that.' Not that it's a bad job. I would put the bread down and then the cans down on the bread, so I got fired. Or I just left. I'm not really sure which one happened.''' ,'''Um, I'm just naturally super-funny. No, not really. I've never been in The Groundlings or anything.''' ,'''I'm so... Honestly, it's been amazing to be a part of this journey on 'Veronica Mars.' Because I started out, really, with a word on the show. So it's kind of fun to look back and be like, 'Wow, I was basically an extra,' but not really - I had a little part.''' ,'''Girls don't poop, so don't claim you do. You can fart - because farting is funny - but we don't want to know that you poop.''' ,'''I can play 'Guitar Hero,' most of the songs on Medium and some of the songs on Hard. No Expert.''' ,'''Any time I get to play Dick Casablancas is always a pleasure.''' ,'''Concerning PDA: Anything that can be described as 'cute' is okay. Anything that can be described as 'mating' is not okay.''' ,'''Being spontaneous at times is a must. Being spontaneous all the time is a crazy person.''' ,]
+++