+++
author = "Camila Morrone"
title = "Camila Morrone Quotes"
quotes_len = "82"
description = "the best 82 Camila Morrone Quotes"
keywords = "camila morrone,camila morrone quotes,camila morrone quote,camila morrone sayings,camila morrone saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''An average day, I wake up, print my audition slides, study for my auditions, and make some matcha to start my day, because I don't drink coffee.''' ,'''Everyone tries to decipher what I write as if there's a hidden message and I'm like, 'There's no hidden message.' I don't even put that much energy into things. I wish I did.''' ,'''My mom was only 21 years old when she had me, and my dad was in his mid-20s.''' ,'''I was a big Belieber. I sent in audition tapes to be in his movies. I recorded myself singing 'One Less Lonely Girl' so I could be one of the fans in his documentary.''' ,'''I've always felt like I have a lot to say, and I wasn't communicating that through modeling.''' ,'''Having my film premiere in Cannes has always been the ultimate dream for me. It is a combination of the elegance of the festival, the setting and the quality of films that premiere there.''' ,'''I'm really simple. I'm just like, wash your face, keep it hydrated, moisturize every night, whether it's a cream or serum or overnight thing. My mother's trick - who looks amazing and has no wrinkles under her eyes - is to wear eye cream every night.''' ,'''The music that I listen to on set really varies. When I need lots of energy and I'm dying down towards the day, I need to play hip hop or rap or else my energy just crashes after a long day. When I'm shooting something moody or where I have to play it down a bit, I'll play Lana Del Rey or something more mellow.''' ,'''Success to me would be first and foremost to have a family. I was an only child for 18 years and I'm Latino, so I love big families and creating a small home world.''' ,'''I thought: 'I'm going to go to college. I'm going to have a normal 9-to-5 job.'''' ,'''I could relate to being a 17-year-old girl and taking on more than I could handle.''' ,'''I avoid social media and articles written about me, because I'm human and negative comments pollute my head and make me feel confused about myself.''' ,'''I do a lot of Pilates on the reformer.''' ,'''Both my parents were actors and they struggled, so I was raised with that. Being raised in this industry from a young age definitely forces you to grow up a little faster than maybe the normal kid.''' ,'''There's a reason why a lot of models turn actors. You have to connect with people, talk to people, be able to be far from home, and you have to be aware of the camera in the same way you would be when modeling.''' ,'''I don't have one person that's a mentor. I have so many different people that do so many different things within the industry. And they've all been working for so long that they give me little pieces of advice here and there.''' ,'''I've learned more and more to just protect myself and avoid things that'll hurt my feelings.''' ,'''I always say to every actor, and to people that want to get into this industry, to just try to be on set as much as you can, try to go to acting class, and try to work on your craft because there's nothing that can prepare you, like just when you get thrown onto a set and you've got to work.''' ,'''I read a lot of scripts, but few of them stand out to me.''' ,'''My mom loves interior design.''' ,'''I don't follow the relevant trends anymore. But I love Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's style, I think she is timeless, chic, and most importantly, classy.''' ,'''If I can have a career based on playing roles that are a challenge and tell an important story, and for no alternative reason, then I have succeeded.''' ,'''Mickey and the Bear' was the scariest choice I've made in my career because I feel pretty safe in the world of comedy and everything else, but I don't feel safe in deep, dark, scary roles that I took on like 'Mickey and the Bear.'''' ,'''I didn't grow up overly privileged.''' ,'''People will always have awful things to say because there's a sense of entitlement and safety behind the screen, but trust me, you don't need to be that angry.''' ,'''I don't have an unhealthy lifestyle, but I like carbs.''' ,'''I can play things, I have a range, I can look trashy and gross.''' ,'''I can't really talk while I'm curtseying!''' ,'''We made 'Mickey and the Bear' with barely any money with a first-time director, a first-time director of photography, and a crew who had just graduated from NYU film school. We were all very much in this together for the first time. There's no famous actor or big explosions. It's not a Marvel movie. I thought nobody was going to see this film.''' ,'''I get to work with such incredible makeup artists and hair stylists, so I get to try fun things that I would never do otherwise.''' ,'''I think my booking ratio is 100 auditions for one job.''' ,'''My travel beauty case is minimal: Neutrogena makeup remover wipes, whatever cleanser I am into in the moment, a deep hydrating serum for when I fly and a lighter moisturizer for day to day wear.''' ,'''More exposure leads to more judgment and negativity.''' ,'''My dogs have helped me enjoy things that I wasn't good at before. They've encouraged me to be more active and creative.''' ,'''I'm a total foodie. That's why I work out, to balance it off.''' ,'''I never leave the house without some sort of highlighter or some sort of stain on my cheeks.''' ,'''I never leave the house without washing my hair - that's number one!''' ,'''I'm not always hopeful about the future in general, but I'm definitely hopeful about the future of filmmaking and art.''' ,'''I turn a switch on to socialise on the red carpet, and then switch it off once I'm done.''' ,'''I just think anyone should be able to date who they want to date.''' ,'''Once you're dating already, then you go to dinner. But I've never been on like a, 'I'm getting dressed up for a date. Pick you up at 7.'''' ,'''I would pass time looking at Justin Bieber on my phone.''' ,'''I box three to four times a week.''' ,'''I'm always about being comfortable. You will never see me voluntarily in a pair of heels.''' ,'''I'm a Latina. Everything is outspoken in my culture.''' ,'''My mom was really young so we had the opportunity to be really close and go through things together.''' ,'''Rehearsals are great because without them, you feel like you're being thrown into a lion's den. But being on set, shooting your scenes that you've been preparing for months - that's a great feeling.''' ,'''I think you have to mix Pilates and yoga with cardio because I don't think you'll get the result you want to get if you're just doing yoga.''' ,'''I tell people I went to 'Beverly Hills 90210' for high school, and everyone associates it with rich people, but you don't have to be a rich kid to go there. It was weird - my parents didn't raise me like that.''' ,'''On a date night, I always wear a pump with either a baggy jean or a tight pair of black leather pants. I'll wear a plain T-shirt with a leather jacket or a bomber. If I'm feeling girly, I always do a loose dress with a pair of booties.''' ,'''If I hadn't chosen acting, I would be a food critic.''' ,'''I don't think any actor really thinks they're good. I watch my own work and I'm like, Oh God, this is terrible, that's terrible.''' ,'''I felt so ashamed of my modeling history when I first got into acting, so I tried to hide that part of my life, because I didn't want to be looked at as too sexy for a role.''' ,'''I lived in a studio apartment with my dad for many years when he was struggling.''' ,'''Modeling was a great opportunity to travel, to make some money in high school and it was the gateway to prepare me for getting comfortable in front of the camera.''' ,'''I like to try to do anything active when I'm not on a movie. When I'm shooting a movie, it's really hard for me to do anything besides work.''' ,'''Being an actor, you know what it feels like to be directed, so when the chance comes for you to direct someone else, you know how to approach an actor without scaring them off, without making them clam up, without making them feel insecure, without getting them in their head.''' ,'''Jennifer Lawrence is a mastermind. She has no training and she's just so naturally good.''' ,'''My routine while filming a movie is so basic: wake up, work, shower, sleep. I try to cut all the things that aren't absolutely imperative, so I can be 100 percent when I get to set the next day. I just feel and work better that way.''' ,'''It was very weird when my classmates were getting hundred-thousand-dollar cars because that was so not my reality.''' ,'''I had a boyfriend when I was 15, out of high school. It just was with him for a very long time and I went right into my second very long relationship with no dates in between.''' ,'''Modeling was very difficult. It's obviously a lot about appearances - it's everything, really.''' ,'''I've had a pretty organic approach. I'm not Jessica Chastain. I'm not theatrically trained.''' ,'''I grew up on sets, because both my mom and dad were commercial and TV actors, so I've always felt very comfortable in that world.''' ,'''It's a little bit of a bummer because you're really trying to do good work and be nice and be a good person, and in the meantime... people wish negative things upon you.''' ,'''Both my parents moved here from Argentina before I was born, so they were in a foreign country.''' ,'''My parents were struggling actors who had a hard time getting work. That's why I hesitated about getting into acting, I had seen them going through that.''' ,'''Being on set for me is my happiest time.''' ,'''I had a show on HGTV with my mom and grandma called 'My Flipping Family.'''' ,'''It's just really so important for an actor to be in the right costume for their character.''' ,'''In real life I wear one outfit and it's jeans and a white tee shirt.''' ,'''I usually stick to the classic things that I know which is a nude lip and a nude eye.''' ,'''I loved being the center of attention and making plays, but I knew the reality of being an actor because I had parents who struggled, I saw people working three jobs in order to be able to audition the next day.''' ,'''I didn't go to film school. I didn't graduate college with an acting degree or a theater degree. I didn't have the traditional route of training.''' ,'''I'm really lucky in the sense that I have the privilege of being able to pick and choose what I do and only pick projects I really love and feel I can bring something to and I can learn from.''' ,'''In a dream world, it is to be able to continue picking and choosing projects that stand out to me and challenge me. Working with directors I look up to and alongside talented actors that push me to be better.''' ,'''There's just so much experience that comes with being on set and working with good actors, and having bad days and good days.''' ,'''There's so many relationships in Hollywood - and in the history of the world - where people have large age gaps.''' ,'''The first job that I booked was a small role in James Franco's film 'Bukowski.' I had to make out with a 13-year-old kid. I think it was his first kiss. I was 15. I became so nervous on set that I actually fainted when James Franco came to direct me.''' ,'''I watch a lot of movies, I watch a lot of old movies, I watch a lot of great performances, and I watch a lot of great directors.''' ,'''I go to auditions even now and people say, 'Oh, she's too pretty,' or 'She doesn't look like a small-town girl or a girl in high school who would get bullied.' But that's the whole point of being an actress - you can look glamorous when you're on the red carpet, and then bring it all down and be raw onscreen.''' ,'''Modeling was a great door for me, for taking responsibility and traveling.''' ,]
+++