+++
author = "Ian Brown"
title = "Ian Brown Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Ian Brown Quotes"
keywords = "ian brown,ian brown quotes,ian brown quote,ian brown sayings,ian brown saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've got six solo albums. I've been round the world three times. I don't even think about the Roses.''' ,'''I went to a friend's 40th in Manchester, and there was a karaoke machine, and no one was having a go. My mate said, 'No one's singing because you're in the room.' I said, 'Who am I, Frank Sinatra?' They made me sing flipping 'My Star' to a backing track that sounded like '80s Roxy Music. It was pretty embarrassing, but I did it.''' ,'''I feel like I've established myself as a music maker in my own right.''' ,'''I went into jail with absolutely no respect whatsoever for authority, and I came out with even less.''' ,'''Oasis are okay, but they're like The Sun: base.''' ,'''I actually was able to give up shopping in February '99.''' ,'''I love harmonicas - old blues players like Sonny Boy Williamson.''' ,'''I've never chatted up a girl in me life. I've always let girls come to me. I've never approached a girl to chat her up.''' ,'''My biggest fault is that I give people too much credit. Then they let you down. I'm 99.9 per cent perfect - that's how I look at myself and, therefore, everybody else too.''' ,'''I don't like to play anywhere with a banner for Carlsberg or vodka or whatever. I'm not a drinker myself, and I don't like feeling like I'm working for the liquor companies.''' ,'''I'd like to write songs for other people, see things from a different perspective. I'd like to watch things from the dugout instead of the pitch.''' ,'''I'd never been paid for the first Roses LP - it was 2002 before we received any royalties.''' ,'''I feel like the Ryan Giggs of music.''' ,'''I gave it up three weeks before my black belt, foolishly. I got to my third brown belt and must have trained for 18 months but never went for it. I was nearly 18 and got this thing in my head about, ' Who are they to grade me?' Trying to be a rebel when I should have done it. It's my only regret, not going for a black belt.''' ,'''Even on songs we've got that are about a girl, there's always something there that's a call to insurrection.''' ,'''I started managing myself in October 2004, and since then, it's gone up and up.''' ,'''The jails are full of kids from kids' homes. You're 16 years old, and you're out on the street. How you going to fend for yourself at 16 if you've not had an education? You're going to turn to crime.''' ,'''Even me mum can't tell me what to do.''' ,'''We're against hypocrisy, lies, bigotry, show business, insincerity, phonies, and fakers.''' ,'''Hell is being stuck in a lift with Elton John and the Queen Mother.''' ,'''By 1993, the Stone Roses had become this huge, beautiful cruise ship just floating about in the middle of nowhere with no captain.''' ,'''I love karaoke - I usually do Blondie's 'Heart Of Glass,' or 'Try A Little Tenderness.'''' ,'''With the Stone Roses, I always thought we'd be successful because we had some great songs.''' ,'''People have to realise you don't help African children singing along to 60-year-old men playing their tunes from 40 years ago.''' ,'''I wasn't on stage to be worshipped or for people to look up to me. I was with the crowd.''' ,'''Everybody is a star. It's true. And if you've got a light, don't let it go out. 'Cos some people sink under.''' ,'''We're the most important group in the world.''' ,'''I used to be one of those kids who couldn't keep my mouth shut.''' ,'''We need to ban all air-freighted food. Carrots from Holland. Potatoes from Egypt. It's got to stop.''' ,'''One thing I've always loved and rated me dad for is that, because of him, I've never seen the Queen's Christmas speech.''' ,'''In March 1977, I taped the single 'Career Opportunities' off Piccadilly Radio, which was the '70s equivalent of downloading, and then the album came out in April 1977.''' ,''''Psychedelic' means mind-expanding.''' ,'''Everything I've ever achieved, I've done on my terms.''' ,'''My wife is Mexican, and she's really influenced me: She's got an impressive collection of Mexican music.''' ,'''If you want to call me a Karaoke King, I'll take it.''' ,'''I was skint, and I had to move back to my mum and dad's house, back into the room I shared with my brother when I was a kid. I kept getting people on the streets telling me that they loved me; it didn't mean anything to me because I was still borrowing tenners off my pensioner father to go and get some chicken.''' ,'''Getting a grey beard's not cool.''' ,'''Just because I'm a successful singer who's loved and has been loved for years doesn't mean I'm sitting behind electric gates in my own fantasy land.''' ,'''You're never going to improve on a Michael Jackson song if you cover it.''' ,'''I'm solo, and I love being solo. I believe I went through the Roses so I could become a solo music-maker. That's what I believe.''' ,'''I like a lot of that Chicago stuff, house music.''' ,'''The Roses should have made it as the biggest band since The Beatles, but we didn't.''' ,'''We started out to finish groups like U2 - that was what it was all about.''' ,'''I started doing karate when I was 11.''' ,'''The Beatles were great; we know that. But we were trying to do a new thing. Why do we need to recreate the Sixties?''' ,'''I've always said prayers.''' ,'''When you live in Manchester and it's raining every day, you've got to imagine the sun sometimes. When you're brought up in concrete, you aim for the green leaves. And when you get to the green leaves, you yearn again for concrete.''' ,'''People want to adulate people.''' ,'''When The Stone Roses first came out, the early reviews called me 'simian.' I had to look that up at the time.''' ,'''I'd like to change the world. Eradicate poverty, racism, and sexism... all the usual things.''' ,'''I'm only really good at making music. I wasn't convinced when I started out, but then I heard the first Stone Roses' LP.''' ,'''Putting another human being above yourself isn't healthy. I think it's capitalistic.''' ,'''When the ravens leave the Tower, England shall fall, they say. We want to be there shooting the ravens.''' ,'''At primary school, I thought I was George Best. Then I got to secondary school, and it was more serious.''' ,'''Since we were kids, we grow up believing that astronauts are heroes - that to go up in a rocket is a heroic thing. These guys are bigger than movie stars. To me, it's... all a well-dressed-up lie, basically. There's billions spent on rockets up there, and there's millions starving down here. It don't make sense to me.''' ,'''I give thanks for everything that's ever happened to me and for everything I've got.''' ,'''People tend to settle for the fiver rather than going for the pot of gold.''' ,'''It is a fact that everyone's got a limited run in music - but who's to say how long that run lasts? I used to think that there would be no way I'd still be in music when I was 40. I used to think anyone who was 40 was an old man, and they probably shouldn't be doing it anymore.''' ,'''We believe that anyone can do anything, and everyone's a star. And that's evident from the shows we do. It just feels like a whole bunch of people in a room celebrating something - maybe just being alive.''' ,'''I never wanted to be a pop singer, but I always watched pop programs and knew I could do better than the people I was seeing.''' ,'''I spent the summer of '88 indoors, writing 'Shoot You Down,' 'Bye Bye Badman,' and 'Don't Stop.'''' ,'''You'll never find a Manchester band slagging off another Manchester band, but within each Manchester band, people will rip each other apart: Mondays, Smiths, New Order, Roses, Oasis.''' ,'''They've had a hard life, the Oasis brothers. They've done really well to be semi-normal. It's always sad when your dirty linen is brought out in public.''' ,'''I'm lucky enough to be one of them music makers who can do a dance festie or a rock festie.''' ,'''You're never alone on the dole in Manchester.''' ,'''Permacultures - where you use the immediate environment to grow food - should be mandatory.''' ,'''Honestly, going solo is the second best thing that's ever happened to me after my kids.''' ,'''We feel we're the only British group worth exporting since the Sex Pistols, definitely.''' ,'''England's a small nation, and the pop music industry is built on fashion.''' ,'''I love people, me, I believe in people. I love people too much.''' ,'''I can't think of anyone who's reformed for art's sake. That's why the Roses will never reform.''' ,'''I don't actually personally get off on guitar music.''' ,'''We're all anti-royalist, anti-patriarch. Cos it's 1989. Time to get real.''' ,'''One person might perceive me as godlike, and the next might think I'm a northern thug. I don't think I've done myself any favours... but I swear I've not had a proper fight since I was 14.''' ,'''Stardom's transitory. Nothing really changes except people's attitudes.''' ,'''Maybe if you see me begging on the streets, you might find me doing The Stone Roses the next day.''' ,'''We should be growing carrots up the side of the Empire State Building or Big Ben.''' ,'''I liked him, that Jarvis Cocker. I like the fact he was androgynous, he could appeal to everybody. He wasn't just a lad pretending to be a thug.''' ,'''Every time I do interviews, they ask me about the same things - poverty, war, and the power of the church.''' ,'''I've not thought about the Stone Roses since we quit. How many LPs do I have to make to stop people talking about it?''' ,'''Belief outweighs talent. Self-belief's got me everything, self-belief.''' ,'''I wrote a lot of lyrics in prison, but they'd all be like, 'Crawls upon the shoulders, hatred in the eyes.' I wrote about 50 songs in there that were all about jail. I've come out and thought, 'I've only served eight weeks; I can't really write a concept album about jail.'''' ,'''We wrote 'Stellify' for Rihanna, but as we got to the end of writing it, I thought, 'You know what? I'm gonna keep this for myself. We'll give her another one.' She'd have probably sung it better, but it is too good for me not to do it.''' ,'''People in Russia learned English off the Beatles. People in Japan learned English off the Stone Roses. Noel Gallagher says music can't change the world, but the Roses made him want to start a group, so it changed his world.''' ,'''Some of the kids who discovered me from my 'F.E.A.R.' record or one of the U.N.K.L.E. tunes have said, 'I don't even like the Roses; I love your solo stuff.' I buzz off that.''' ,'''I was really into punk when I was about 14.''' ,'''I see The Stone Roses in '89 as Technicolor: we were all about joy and possibilities of life.''' ,'''Northern soul was huge in Manchester in the '70s and '80s; I went to a lot of all-nighters.''' ,'''It's a horrible name, Coldplay. It doesn't conjure up any positive thoughts.''' ,'''When I was 9, I was into T. Rex, Gary Glitter, and Alice Cooper. I knew The Beatles because my nan introduced me to them, but T. Rex was the first band I got into myself. I got 'Metal Guru' a few months after hearing 'Children of the Revolution' in Pwllheli in North Wales at a market.''' ,'''I thought it would be more interesting to make a musical autobiography than an actual autobiography.''' ,'''My sister bought me the Koran in 1990. I always thought the stories in it were magical.''' ,'''I feel like the Roses were a great group, but I never wanted to try to do it again. I knew I couldn't get a band that would compare to the Roses, that would have an impact like the Roses.''' ,'''I always loved Oasis because when they came out, they did express that they loved us, and they saw that we did it, and they thought they could do it, too.''' ,'''If I was in the gutter, and my kids lived on the kerb, I'd go and get a job in B&Q before I'd reform the Roses. I gave everything I had to the Stone Roses and ended up hitting a brick wall. I'm never going to give anyone a foothold on that wall again.''' ,'''I am gentle. I think nearly everyone who makes music is sensitive - I don't care how hard they pretend they are.''' ,'''I'd love to see the world without liquor for a week.''' ,'''I was jailed for using words that I still dispute. Anyone who's ever met me will tell you that I'm not a violent person.''' ,'''I like the fact that a group can become successful, and by way of what you are, you can show up all the other people who are around you.''' ,'''With the Roses, I knew we were great; I felt that we would achieve something. On my own, I had no idea.''' ,]
+++