+++
author = "Michel Patini"
title = "Michel Patini Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Michel Patini Quotes"
keywords = "michel patini,michel patini quotes,michel patini quote,michel patini sayings,michel patini saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was the classic midfield organiser who could also score goals.''' ,'''For me football is more about making the right pass at the right time.''' ,'''In any case, you can't turn back the clock.''' ,'''We were the best team in the world: European champions in 1984, we qualified without a hitch and 86 was to be the swan song for a very experienced side.''' ,'''Whenever I was on the pitch, I always tried to win.''' ,'''When I follow the finals of the European Cups, I look at all the aspects surrounding protocol, to get some ideas. I am interested in personalities, sponsors and the stands. But as soon as the whistle goes, it's all on the pitch.''' ,'''At times like that it's difficult to remember what's at stake, that history is in the making. As a player you feel so cut off sometimes, it can be tough... Which is why it is an enormous advantage to play at home.''' ,'''I was never a prisoner to my footballing status.''' ,'''At Euro '92 itself, we bowed out to the eventual winners, Denmark, in our final group match.''' ,'''I was playing the best football of my career at the time, finishing top scorer in Italy three year's running. There were other good players around but I think I was the best at that time.''' ,'''For me, football is just a game, not a drama.''' ,'''The team which I led to the 1992 European Championship Finals is the only one in the history of the entire competition to have won every single one of its qualifying matches.''' ,'''I gave everything in my career so I have no regrets at all.''' ,'''The match against Brazil was football at its best. Both sides had opportunities to win the game.''' ,'''What differences were there between Maradona and Platini?''' ,'''In 1986, we gave it our best shot but we didn't get the run of the ball.''' ,'''We arrived in Argentina with a lot of injured players, including our goalkeeper. Also we were unlucky to be drawn in the same group as the two tournament favourites Italy and Argentina.''' ,'''You know, my role as Vice Chairman is a lot less tiring than playing matches every three days.''' ,'''There would probably be less of a frenzy among the French public.''' ,'''The 1984 European Championships were held in France and that was something important. I felt on form then, even though I was practically always injured at all the World Cups. It's a great memory. But in any case, the past is past.''' ,'''Some games you win, some you lose, and some you draw.''' ,'''Consequently, I won just about everything I set out to win, everything bar the World Cup, of course. But even now, I don't regret that, because I was part of a team which twice reached the semi-finals.''' ,'''During such a competition players are there for a long time as well as all the people around them. They need to train, to eat, to go out. There ought to be something in it for everyone. On that particular point, my experience has been a bonus.''' ,]
+++