+++
author = "Gerry Cooney"
title = "Gerry Cooney Quotes"
quotes_len = "117"
description = "the best 117 Gerry Cooney Quotes"
keywords = "gerry cooney,gerry cooney quotes,gerry cooney quote,gerry cooney sayings,gerry cooney saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''They said if I'd fight a ranked contender, I'd get a title shot. I did that, and the next day they changed the rules.''' ,'''Too many guys don't know what to do with their lives after boxing. I was lucky because I had two managers who didn't trust each other, and so they were always making sure where all the money was, and because of that, so did I.''' ,'''I really don't care who I fight.''' ,'''I see Mike Tyson as too strong for Spinks.''' ,'''Every Saturday and Sunday, when the other guys were out having a good time at the mall, I was at home working in the garden.''' ,'''You go through pain. You feel uncomfortable, uncomfortable, uncomfortable until you change. I acquired a different outlook.''' ,'''I grew up in a big Irish, Catholic family. My dad was a pretty rough guy. So one of my brothers left home when he was 15 and found his way to the gym. It gave me the opportunity to go and spend some time with him and work out in the gym.''' ,'''Drug abuse is a very difficult disease.''' ,'''You have got to not get hit. You could be the best puncher in the world, but if you're going to keep constantly taking punches you're going to lose your heart. Once you learn how to miss the punches and then you start to punch them, you become an all-around fighter.''' ,'''When we first started in Huntington Recreation with John Capobianco, we put four kids in the Golden Gloves finals. We didn't even have a ring. We trained at Stimson Junior High School. They give us the gym three nights a week. We used to box in the gym - no ring, just on the gym floor.''' ,'''I was a small kid from Huntington, Long Island. I never imagined that anything like that would happen to me.''' ,'''Some have made boxing a terrible thing to be around.''' ,'''Some of the things written about me hurt, but there is nothing I can do about it.''' ,'''Most fighters, when they're finished, boxing turns its back on them.''' ,'''Too many fighters stay in the game for too long. They stay because it's awfully hard to walk away from the roar of the crowd. Really hard. You live for that and so you stay too long. And you might have a wife and kids to feed. So you keep fighting because you don't know how to do anything else.''' ,'''It took me to be 33 to start to know how to fight.''' ,'''I am involved in minor league baseball. I go around the country speaking to troubled youths, trying to help them understand that whatever path they choose, they'll need to really pay attention to it.''' ,'''When I was 15, I decided to take up the sport seriously, so I went down to the Y.M.C.A. My first day there, this little Italian guy beat my brains out. I decided to quit. Then I realized I really wanted to be a fighter. I worked at it, went back, and that little Italian guy didn't beat me up no more.''' ,'''When I hurt Norton, I got scared. I looked to the referee. But in the same sense, you're a fighter: you gotta have the killer instinct.''' ,'''The fight with Holmes was a plus. I gained so much experience.''' ,'''My father never once told me he loved me. I told him I loved him only one time - that was when he was sick. It was hard, the way he showed his love. I didn't understand what he was trying to teach me. Now I know, but it came too late for him to see it. After he was gone, I realized he was trying to strengthen my mind to make me better.''' ,'''About 99 percent of fighters end up broke. F.I.S.T. helps them turn the page and find new goals.''' ,'''I want to get me one of those titles.''' ,'''When I fought Holmes, I feel I was a better fighter than he was. I was just so caught up in what was written about the fight - I got caught up in that whole thing.''' ,'''I believe in my abilities as a fighter.''' ,'''I have a great life. I'm the happiest guy in the world.''' ,'''Roberto Duran was the kind of guy who was a true fighter and you hardly see guys like that anymore.''' ,'''It's like you always think that when you get to a goal, you'll be happy. But then there is always something else that interests you.''' ,'''I feel like a pro now. Before I fought Holmes, I felt like a rookie.''' ,'''I was a left hooker, and I loved hooking. I also really liked to jab and mix it up right away.''' ,'''All of the sports have a safety net, but boxing is the only sport that has none. So when the fighter is through, he is through. While he was fighting his management was very excited for him, but now that he is done, that management team is moving on.''' ,'''I don't fear Holmes, but I think he's a good fighter. He has a lot of pride. But I wouldn't be fighting him if I feared him. It's going to be a tough fight. People say with all the hoopla out there, I won't be able to handle it. I believe the pressure's on him. I'm just going to do my thing.''' ,'''If I keep thinking about yesterday, tomorrow might never come.''' ,'''I learned a lot from the Holmes fight. I learned about styles and the pressure. I'm more prepared now.''' ,'''I grew up in a household where I learned five things from my old man. You know what they were? You're no good. You're a failure. You're not going to amount to anything. Don't trust nobody, and don't tell nobody your business. When I lost to Larry Holmes in 1982, I felt all five of those things smacked me right across the face.''' ,'''For every athlete, the roar of the crowd goes away, and we have to learn how to turn the page.''' ,'''I believe in myself. I want to be a fighter. I want to be heavyweight champion of the world.''' ,'''Boxing was a way to express my anger. All of a sudden, I was expressing anger, and I was good at it. I was like a Jekyll and Hyde. Boxing helped me because I was fighting the anger out. I was knocking guys out.''' ,'''The bad press came because they thought I should fight more. I couldn't get the fights because if I would sign to fight one of King's guys I would be signed to him. I chose not to do that. In hindsight, that might have been a mistake.''' ,'''Winning the Gloves made me believe I was somebody.''' ,'''Am I complicated? Nah, I'm interesting. I just like having a good time.''' ,'''The road hasn't always been paved for me. People identify with that. Everybody passes through hard times, and I think that's part of my appeal - that I have, too.''' ,'''Fighting is not something you can just turn off.''' ,'''When I see a fighter gets into the ring, I not only see the fighter, but I see his wife and children. I care about what happens to them. I care about what happens to that fighter after he gets out of the ring.''' ,'''If my son wants a boxing career, I won't stop him, but I definitely won't push him. It's bad for a kid to be pressured.''' ,'''I just like people. We have a good time together.''' ,'''You have a small period of time when you can perfect your career and become good at it. A lot of guys get distracted, which only hurts them. You must stay focused and work very hard at boxing.''' ,'''People who think I lack desire are wrong.''' ,'''You gotta appreciate every day!''' ,'''My father was one tough man.''' ,'''When somebody used to compliment me, I'd spend 10 minutes trying to talk them out of it.''' ,'''I saw my brother have an altercation one time. He hit a guy with a left hook to the body and a right hand to the chin. He not only knocked the guy out, but out of wind. That stuck with me. It scared me.''' ,'''When you bottom out, you have to stand up and get going again.''' ,'''Joe DeGuardia, I love that guy. He's not a superstar promoter yet, but he will be. He was a fighter himself; he's staying the course with these guys. He's developing some good fighters out there. I really applaud him whenever I get a chance to.''' ,'''I had personal problems. I was spending 50% of my life on my family, 50% on boxing. Neither was getting anywhere. It was killing me. So I had to break away from fighting.''' ,'''When that bell rang, I wanted to go out there and do my thing.''' ,'''I liked to watch the expression in the fighter's face change when you connected with him. You know when you connect in the right spot. It's like a tunnel vision.''' ,'''Anytime somebody climbs up those steps into the ring, they have a heart.''' ,'''It's tough waking up in the morning and reading derogatory stories about you.''' ,'''I've always wanted to fight. I love to fight.''' ,'''I retired when I was 30, with all my marbles and a few bucks. But a lot of guys leave boxing penniless with no skills. Men in their 30s and early 40s, old for boxing, young in life, but also old in the job market if you're just getting started with no education. These guys need someone in their corner.''' ,'''Muhammad Ali was the kind of guy you either loved or hated, but you wanted to see him. I happen to really love him. He brought boxing to another level and always made you laugh.''' ,'''I don't want anybody guarding me. I want to be free; I want to be left alone... I would like to go out there and have no one know me, but at the same time, it would bother me, y'know.''' ,'''I always felt I was wounded. That I was no good, a piece of crap, and that I wouldn't amount to anything, because that's what my father always told me. I just felt like I didn't belong anywhere.''' ,'''I've just had some bad luck. I've had every injury known to man. I understand how people think, 'How can this be happening all the time to Gerry Cooney?' But it did.''' ,'''Everybody handles pressure differently.''' ,'''Sometimes you get so frustrated that things aren't working out, you say, 'Let me step away for a while.' But the fire still burns.''' ,'''The Klitschko boys, they're great fighters, but they're just boring here in America.''' ,'''I've spent most of my life in prison. I was a prisoner of my fear and my low self-esteem.''' ,'''I spent a lot of time dwelling on yesterday, and it did me no good.''' ,'''I feel very blessed.''' ,'''People haven't seen enough of me. My fights haven't gone the distance, and people have a lot of questions. I want to find out for myself as much as the people do. I want to find out what I can do.''' ,'''Boxing was not the sport that I thought is was due to all the politics.''' ,'''I'm a happy guy. I just want to see people laugh and smile.''' ,'''You take that walk from the dressing room to the ring and that's when the real man comes out. Then you climb up those four stairs and into the ring. Then finally, you can't wait for the bell to ring.''' ,'''After every fight, I knock myself down. I start from scratch again. I say, 'I'm not as good as I thought.' It makes you work harder. It makes you push harder. It's more than money. It's more than the title. It's my pride, and it can be scary thinking about it. I could lose. It's scary.''' ,'''I want to win. For myself first. And for all those people who stuck with me and understood.''' ,'''I was embarrassing against Spinks.''' ,'''It's great playing a sport where you don't get hit in the head.''' ,'''I don't care about the critics. I took a lot of nonsense. I got stuck with silly labels like 'White Hope.' What about other guys like Tex Cobb - they never had those labels?''' ,'''My father would never have lost to Holmes.''' ,'''I'm one crazy, crazy guy.''' ,'''I know I can fight; that's the only thing that matters to me.''' ,'''I've had a long, long road with lots of ups and downs. But that's all behind me now.''' ,'''Maybe I'll go to acting school. Acting is like boxing, you know.''' ,'''I'm easygoing. There's a place and time for everything. When that bell rings, I'm not nice and easy. I'm not meek and passive.''' ,'''I'm a real person. I have real feelings. I have real thoughts. It's a quality people like about me. They can reach out and touch me. I wouldn't give it up for anything.''' ,'''I don't care what you say about me anymore! I don't care what you write about me anymore. I don't care! This is my life. I can't have anybody messing with my life. I just want to be Gerry Cooney, doing what I want to do. I want to be what I am. A fighter.''' ,'''It's like I had two things pulling at me: you want to be a fighter, and you have problems. So I couldn't be a fighter, and I wasn't solving any problems.''' ,'''Growing up training, I use to get up so early I would wave to the garbage men going by. So, I had this relationship with Blue Collar America and I really liked it. I felt that lots of those people looked forward to me winning.''' ,'''If you look at my career, towards the end you will see I was fighting like once a year. I was not part of the Don King top heavyweights, so I was kind of kept out. His guys were getting three to four fights a year and I could only get one.''' ,'''I am seeing all the guys, like Earnie Shavers, Tex Cobb, and Larry Holmes all the time.''' ,'''I never fought because of my father. I started to box before he pushed me. It had nothing to do with him.''' ,'''By the time you're 30 years old, you can be on a nowhere street, if you're not careful.''' ,'''I had money, but I still didn't know what to do with my life.''' ,'''I have this want-to-be-liked thing, but deep down, I had this rage. I was just - I was blinded. I wasn't healthy enough to be able to learn more. I had one mode - to fight.''' ,'''I think I make people laugh, and that's good in life.''' ,'''Long Island has a great boxing tradition.''' ,'''You can have more than one career, but you only have one family.''' ,'''I either had to concentrate on fighting, or I had to help my family. I chose my family. I love my mom; I love my family.''' ,'''I have a Roman nose. It roams all over my face.''' ,'''When I get finished with fighting, I hope they ask the same questions. It's not my purpose to answer them. Boxing is the art of self-defense. I knock 'em out the first chance I get.''' ,'''What hurt most were the people who came up to me and said they lost $1,000 on me. It just makes you mad.''' ,'''I lost three times in my career. Losing to Holmes I could deal with, because I lost to a true champion.''' ,'''Boxing gave me a voice to express the anger I felt for where I came from.''' ,'''I don't overswing any more. I can throw a punch and be right in position to punch again. No more 'Hail Mary' punches, where it took me five minutes to get back in position.''' ,'''I always had the hope that Holmes and I would fight again.''' ,'''Just because you don't see someone doesn't mean the love has changed.''' ,'''It takes a strong person to admit he's got problems. Things are bugging you, you've got to get it out. Life is supposed to be peaches and cream, but it doesn't turn out that way. I sometimes found things confusing and sometimes didn't understand how things can be so difficult.''' ,'''Looking back, I couldn't get enough fights because Don King owned most of the top 10 fighters, and he never gave me a fight.''' ,'''The past is yesterday. I'm looking forward to tomorrow.''' ,'''In '82, I was a little too young, I was a little inexperienced, and I was more concerned with going the distance in the fight than going out and taking Holmes out.''' ,'''My career got sidetracked after fighting Holmes.''' ,'''I was lucky. I held on to some of my money. I didn't really know what I wanted to do after boxing. But I found what I wanted to do.''' ,'''We try to tell these guys that the end of a boxing career isn't the end of their lives: it's the beginning of a new one.''' ,'''Sometimes it takes certain people longer to get over things than others.''' ,'''I had two managers who couldn't stand each other. I had a promoter, Don King, who couldn't get any fights, and I was fighting once a year. I knocked out Norton and then didn't fight for 13 months. Then I fight the heavyweight champion of the world.''' ,]
+++