+++
author = "Tim Matheson"
title = "Tim Matheson Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Tim Matheson Quotes"
keywords = "tim matheson,tim matheson quotes,tim matheson quote,tim matheson sayings,tim matheson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Rod Lurie is one of the most wonderful directors I have had the pleasure to work with. He shoots like Clint Eastwood: no fuss. When he gets it, he knows it - one or two takes.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an actor. I was one of those lucky kids - or cursed kids - who always knew what he wanted to do.''' ,'''You know, I'm a big comic book fan. As a kid I used to collect them until there was a horrible mudslide in Hollywood and I lost my collection, but I was also at an early age the voice of 'Jonny Quest;' it was a cartoon; so I am kind of a latent fan boy.''' ,'''I was directing as a kid in movies, and that was always my strongest interest. When I was under contract at Universal, I conned an editing room out of them and spent my money to rent a camera and shoot film and make some movies.''' ,'''When you're the president, there's tremendous respect, and everybody goes out of their way respecting you and honoring you... it can be a trap. Nobody says 'Boo' to you, and nobody tells you you're wrong, hardly, if you have the wrong people around you.''' ,'''I like real stories.''' ,'''Ronald Reagan was the Governor of California. He had earned the right to be considered for President of the United States. You learn a lot about a person by the way they have served. None of this applies to Trump. There's no disclosure with him. I just think the man is a very troubled, emotional mess.''' ,'''For if you do, then shouldn't we blame the whole fraternity system? And if the whole fraternity system is guilty, then isn't this an indictment of our educational institutions in general? I put it to you, Greg - isn't this an indictment of our entire American society?''' ,'''I have a paper, pencil, and ink sketch for a Mickey Mouse cartoon short entitled 'Mickey's Garden' from 1935.''' ,'''My life honestly didn't start until I got married and had kids.''' ,'''Acting requires emotional flexibility and demands, and directing is more cerebral and managerial and a tactical kind of thing.''' ,'''The basis of Ronald Reagan was his humanity. I might not have agreed with his politics, but my research - all I read about him and by him - was that he was revered because he had a big heart. He was very religious and sincere. He believed that one spoke truths because, otherwise, people would know you were lying. None of that even applies to Trump.''' ,'''I was born and raised in L.A. My father was born and raised in L.A. So we're old hands here.''' ,'''I like thrillers. That's a genre that I'm really taken with. I love Hitchcock, that thriller style. I'm a student of it.''' ,'''Anything is better than sitting around waiting for the right movie to come along. I lose my edge when I'm sitting around the pool not working.''' ,'''My parents were going through a divorce, and I used to go spend all weekend at the movies to get away from it all. There was something about the sameness of the movies. It was a place for me to go to express my emotions, you know, and let it out.''' ,'''I enjoy making feature films, but I'd rather be in a good TV series than mediocre movies.''' ,'''I love Sam Raimi. 'Evil Dead 2' is one of my favorite films. It's one of the best cheaper horror films I've ever seen. Horror films and suspense films can be made on a low budget without big stars and be very effective.''' ,'''Working with Lucille Ball was just a master class in how to do comedy.''' ,'''If I was asked to do a film that was just trying to sell a political point of view or religious point of view, I wouldn't do that because that's a bad script.''' ,'''I always fall in love with every character I play.''' ,''''Animal House' was sort of the first real, contemporary, youthful voice of the baby boom generation. It spoke to that audience, and it spoke to that part of me which was saying, 'Out with the old, in with the new.'''' ,'''When I was a kid, at Disneyland, they used to sell Animation Cels for $5.00 at a Fantasyland store. They were called Courvoisier Cels. I was too young to be aware of just how cool that really was.''' ,'''I went to the prom with a girlfriend of my sister's, a platonic date.''' ,'''With comedy, you really want to work things out beforehand.''' ,'''I've played historical characters before, and I think the trap of all of them is if you try to do an impression. If that's what you're working on when you're doing a scene, then your focus is on the wrong thing.''' ,'''I love J. F. K. My mother had been a worker on his campaign and adored him.''' ,'''Reagan was the conservative Franklin Delano Roosevelt.''' ,'''I'm as lame as all dads are.''' ,'''In my experience, I have learned that there is rarely the perfect man for the perfect job, but Reagan was born to play the role of president. He was an inspirational leader when the country really needed it.''' ,'''For me, all collecting must be done out of the love of the art. That being said, investment knowledge is absolutely mandatory so that you are really buying what you think you are buying.''' ,'''Vice president is the bridesmaid, and nobody cares about you. Nobody wants you. You're just in the way. You're there to play a subsidiary role. You're like the middle child or the poor relation.''' ,]
+++