+++
author = "Vikram Bhatt"
title = "Vikram Bhatt Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Vikram Bhatt Quotes"
keywords = "vikram bhatt,vikram bhatt quotes,vikram bhatt quote,vikram bhatt sayings,vikram bhatt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My life in the spotlight has cost me a lot.''' ,'''Money is not the only reason why I make horror films.''' ,'''If a father could have made his son a star, then Sunny Deol's son Karan Deol's first film 'Pal Pal Dil Ke Paas' wouldn't have been a flop.''' ,'''We should vote for an individual rather than a party.''' ,'''If a producer goes to the censor at the last minute, just before the film releases, then he often settles with cuts because he cannot afford to lose any more time.''' ,'''Man has fallen victim to seduction since times immemorial.''' ,'''I don't believe in making those high-brow films that the audience does not understand.''' ,'''Aftab has been singularly unfortunate in love.''' ,'''I believe in ghosts.''' ,'''There are so many good actors who just keep waiting for good opportunities.''' ,'''A personal code of conduct that you follow is far better than a social code of conduct that you are forced to follow.''' ,'''The battle between free will and listening to the inner voice will remain eternal. Similarly, in the debate over material and spiritual rewards; you cannot have both, as the path to acquire each is different.''' ,'''Sometimes you meet someone who changes the way you think forever and yet you meet her for just those fleeting moments in life, perhaps never to meet her again.''' ,'''I have paid for things that I had done because I have been in the spotlight.''' ,'''I regret hurting my wife and my child and abandoning them. I regret the pain I caused them.''' ,'''Ultimately, it's one's upbringing, consciousness and circumstances that decide the path you'll choose.''' ,'''If Madhur Bhandarkar makes a movie tomorrow, people will expect him to do something like 'Chandni Bar' or 'Corporate!' Similarly, it takes time for filmmakers to break that stereotype and attempt something new - it is difficult for filmmakers to be versatile in Bollywood.''' ,'''No one is infallible. I am not the only director who has flopped.''' ,'''Everyone is entitled to reach for the stars.''' ,'''The web offers a creative climate that filmmakers have been craving for.''' ,'''In Hollywood, they create banks of scripts, whether they are used or not.''' ,'''You know, nothing comes free. If you want to chase fame, then fame has a price. You can't get convenient fame. You can't say, 'Hey! I want only the good things and for the bad things I do, look away.' So, if you crave for the spotlight, you pay for the spotlight.''' ,'''We need to understand that we've divided our country in language based states. So what happens is that more regional parties come in the front and different opinions don't let any one particular strong decision to pass through.''' ,'''Society is changing constantly, and changing faster than we think.''' ,'''You can't afford to be afraid of failure in this business.''' ,'''I try to keep up to my producers' expectations. Sometimes, I can; sometimes, I cannot.''' ,'''I don't believe in the institution of marriage anymore. It's redundant; it's an outdated institution. It's like lanterns in a house, you don't use them anymore.''' ,'''I used to write stories on Facebook, and people started reading them, from 10-12 people initially, to thousands of people later.''' ,'''With my grey hair and workaholic attitude, I can't imagine being hot by any standard.''' ,'''I have never hidden my relationship and I have been called the worst names in the showbiz world.''' ,'''It is easy to find partners, not love.''' ,'''Is democracy about living in fear? Is that what our forefathers fought the British for?''' ,'''In Bollywood, our actresses are majorly required to look pretty all the time.''' ,'''I always believe that when you're not courageous, you become cunning.''' ,'''In this day and age of Internet, where we have several dating sites, it is bizarre to say the audience is not ready to watch bolder themes.''' ,'''Hindi film heroes never age but Hindi film heroines age fast.''' ,'''I never wanted to be an actor. Because when you're an actor, you depend on other people to come to you with scripts. You can't create your own. Unless you are a Raj Kapoor, who was a producer-director.''' ,'''I've had enough off-screen romances and now I'm happy being socially and emotionally challenged, on and off camera.''' ,'''It's difficult, very difficult to create something new every time in this space of horror and scare people every time.''' ,'''People want a story - and my horror films have never been about only ghosts and spirits. They have their share of love, hatred, jealousy and complexity of relationships involved.''' ,'''Mother, sister, daughter, wife, cousins - they are a part of your everyday life. You interact with them, communicate, altercate and that they would have an influence on your everyday life is obvious.''' ,'''When I think of love, I think of pain and not joy. I know that is not the way it's supposed to be but it has been that way for me.''' ,'''Over the years, there is a kind of film that the audience associates with my name. A brand has been built with the kind of films I've made and I want to keep that up.''' ,'''I am a sad person. In this world there are people who like major notes and minor notes. I like minor notes.''' ,'''Living in lawlessness gives you lawlessness.''' ,'''We have got so caught up in an insular world that swings between our phones, our computers and our heads that we have forgotten to look out of the window, and say, 'Hey! It's raining.'''' ,'''Stupidly, in our industry, producers pay precious money to sign stars whom they might not even use in the film. Producers believe stars make hits; actually it is the script that makes a film successful.''' ,'''Before 'Ghulam,' there was 'Fareb,' which was successful, too. Yes, 'Ghulam' won me recognition. I didn't change in any way. What did change was people's perception of me.''' ,'''I have had the fortune of seeing very glamorous and beautiful woman close up and I have seen their fears and insecurity.''' ,'''I love 'Paranormal Activity' because it scares you more with little effort. I like 'The Blair Witch Project' and the 'Omen' series and 'The Exorcist.' I love 'Exorcism of Emily Rose.'''' ,'''The magazines are always full of something or other about me.''' ,'''The character of Bipasha in 'Raaz 3' is not influenced by Ameesha. It's just about understanding women and their insecurities.''' ,'''I strongly believe there is a guided force that acts upon me and has helped me become what I am over the years.''' ,'''I am not what a girl dreams of.''' ,'''In the year 1943 my grandfather, Shri Vijay Bhatt made a film by the name of 'Ram Rajya.'''' ,'''However beautiful a woman may be, she gets cold feet, she gets angry, she fears, she has insecurity - she is a human being.''' ,'''I don't think any one relationship in my life has wrecked me. I think I am a collection of wrecks.''' ,'''I believe success is delayed failure.''' ,'''It's tough to leave your work - which is your life - for a longish period.''' ,'''Hits and flops are part and parcel of movie business.''' ,'''1921' is a fantastic love story about people who are studying music. It has a fair leaning towards classic love story.''' ,'''The difference between television, films and the web is that unlike the former, the latter is not appointment viewing. You decide the time you want to watch and how much you want to watch. The web is for the viewer.''' ,'''I don't think films and television can be killed by the web. They shall always remain but as time passes we shall see that they give us a very different kind of entertainment.''' ,'''I've put my days of fantasy behind me and make authentic realistic films.''' ,'''Horror films in India always have a strong love story.''' ,'''When I started my career, I gave four flops, and then four hits, two flops, two hits, and then three flops.''' ,'''When certain stars take you under their wing, it does help as they gauge your potential and are willing to work with you.''' ,'''I read two books at a time. One that is heavy and one that makes for light reading.''' ,'''When I saw 'Ankahee,' I was very moved. I felt broken inside.''' ,'''I think acting is boring because you have to sit for a long time. And being a director I am used to running around and being busy on sets. I lack the actor software.''' ,'''My failings are the result of my own inter-personal abilities. I am not a good husband or boyfriend.''' ,'''As far as horror films are concerned, I guess Vikram Bhatt is a brand name.''' ,'''Whatever films we make we should be honest in the genre we are making.''' ,'''Freedom is not freedom unless you are free!''' ,'''There are no more vices left - I don't drink or smoke and at a party, after a while, I am lost. I don't dance to the beat of that drum anymore.''' ,'''We were all one, all the languages and all the people and all the states. We are one country and we have the freedom to talk in any language.''' ,'''I have many times encountered spirits but the reason I don't talk about these things in person is because I feel the people might think that I am doing this for publicity of my films and I also feel that it belittles my experiences. Hence, I don't talk about it.''' ,'''Twitter is an open forum and it brings the meanness in people. It shouldn't be taken seriously as at times it's a sadistic thing.''' ,'''I am a middle-order batsman. Delivering a 100-crore hit each time is the job of the opening batsman. I will come, do my job to the best of my abilities and leave the rest to my audience.''' ,'''You make your own choices. Even extramarital affair, it's your own decision. And you suffer for it and pay for it. That's what 'Ankahee' is all about.''' ,'''The script of 'Shaapit' was such that the leading man couldn't be shown indulging into anything heroic.''' ,'''For some actors, to let go of the glam look isn't easy.''' ,'''I am the kind of guy who wears his heart on his sleeve.''' ,'''I am not doting and am not romantic. I can have spurts of romance but am not consistently romantic.''' ,'''Raaz 3' has a human touch and in fact, horror comes in third place. The first is human touch, while music takes the second place.''' ,'''Aakhir' stars Sanjay Suri and Bengali actress Rituparna Sengupta. It's very close to my heart and the most realistic work I've ever done.''' ,'''I feel 'Ankahee' is a very honest film. It says that in a relationship where there are three people, everybody is doomed. Nobody comes out happy.''' ,'''Love is the most elusive thing I know. Always an arm's length away, teasing me and asking me to stretch a bit more and grab it.''' ,'''Our cinema is star-based, while Hollywood is script-based.''' ,'''I'm not what I make.''' ,'''I think people will discover themselves in 'Ankahee.'''' ,'''I feel digital is here to stay. It is going to wipe out small and medium budget films, mark my words.''' ,'''Khamoshiyan' is emotional like 'Raaz.'''' ,'''If you work with a big director, access to stars becomes easier.''' ,'''In a horror film the protagonist should be vulnerable enough for audience to be worried about him. You can't have a six feet boxer and expect audience to worry about him.''' ,'''Fight scenes, comedy - all are insignificant to me at a personal level.''' ,'''I do believe that there are some films that cannot be made without stars.''' ,'''When my career hit rock-bottom in 2007 I decided to take a clean break.''' ,'''Let's get our civic laws right and abide by them.''' ,'''The Indian film industry does not believe in investing financial resources in scripts.''' ,]
+++