+++
author = "Arizona Muse"
title = "Arizona Muse Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Arizona Muse Quotes"
keywords = "arizona muse,arizona muse quotes,arizona muse quote,arizona muse sayings,arizona muse saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like simple makeup, but a bit dirty-looking around the eyes - I love a smoky look.''' ,'''Modeling is really silent acting.''' ,'''I don't know why my smile has become a signature pose. I think it's a nice change. I think people want to see happiness, so a smile is what can bring that. I didn't make it my trademark on purpose.''' ,'''I'd like to work for as long as possible and form connections with the labels I work for.''' ,'''Karl Lagerfeld and Tom Ford are both geniuses.''' ,'''I like running and swimming, and exercise four or five times a week, but not for long - about 30 minutes. I just exercise by myself and find that as I get older it becomes easier. In school I remember not enjoying running at all.''' ,'''My mother's English, and she always was fascinated by the desert.''' ,'''I highly recommend getting your career established first and then having children.''' ,'''I remember my mom saying that after you have a baby you get really thin. So you gain all that weight and then you just lose it and keep losing it.''' ,'''From when I was about seven, I thought I wanted to be an architect. I've always loved spaces and dwellings in general.''' ,'''I'm quite competitive. Not with other models but with myself. I have to win.''' ,'''I don't have to do a lot to my eyebrows. My mom always told me not to pluck them, which is great advice.''' ,'''I'm lucky with my skin - it doesn't require a lot of attention, so I keep things simple. And I drink a lot of water.''' ,'''I don't eat wheat and am into alternative medicines and treatment.''' ,'''I'm a big advocate of breastfeeding.''' ,'''My son is really good at being on trips with me. He understands what's going on. He grew up with me modeling, so it's quite normal for him to be on a shoot and in pictures because he sees me doing it.''' ,'''There are plenty of models who have children.''' ,]
+++