+++
author = "Rachel Bilson"
title = "Rachel Bilson Quotes"
quotes_len = "50"
description = "the best 50 Rachel Bilson Quotes"
keywords = "rachel bilson,rachel bilson quotes,rachel bilson quote,rachel bilson sayings,rachel bilson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think beauty comes from within, and society paints a ridiculous picture.''' ,'''I know this sounds terribly shallow, but I've been mapping out my outfits for the next day every day since I was little, even before high school.''' ,'''Hash browns are my favorite breakfast food.''' ,'''I've been in relationships where we've said 'I love you' after two weeks.''' ,'''I love romantic comedies, or romantic dramas - basically anything with love in it.''' ,'''My guilty pleasure is Flamin' Hot Cheetos.''' ,'''That's a rule in the business. No tongue. You can't really get into it, otherwise, it's weird. I think that particular scene made his (Adam Brody) girlfriend jealous. There were issues.''' ,'''I can hang out with all my boyfriend's friends. I know how to roll with the guys.''' ,'''Guys are so visual.''' ,'''When a guy can make fun of you, thats attractive. Who knew that teasing could have so much power over women!''' ,'''I secretly want to be a rapper!''' ,'''My daily beauty regimen consists of washing my face before bed and putting on moisturizer.''' ,'''I like to be comfortable, and don't like to be cold, and I don't like to wear anything I'm not in the mood for.''' ,'''I'm actually not on Twitter.''' ,'''A few years ago I was at a party and this guy threw me over his shoulder, ran across the street, put me in his car, and stuck his tongue in my mouth.''' ,'''I love corduroys, because they are really comfy and they're cozier than jeans. They come in nice autumn hues - colors that you can have fun with.''' ,'''Leather accents on pieces make it fun and spices up an outfit.''' ,'''The more aware a man is of a woman's body, the better. He needs to know he has to tend to a woman. She might not always return the favor, but a man always has to tend to a woman first.''' ,'''I like everything European. Even my GPS has a British accent - it's way less annoying than the American one.''' ,'''Y'know what? This is what I go by: It doesn't matter how good-looking a guy is, it just depends on his personality. If a guy can make you laugh and make fun of you, then that's what would win me over. So, yeah.''' ,'''I don't do the super-clean-living L.A. thing.''' ,'''I envy the sensibility in Europe, appreciating beauty in women as they age. I'm going to go that way. I might dye my gray hair for a bit, but beyond that the buck stops. I'm not having any work done.''' ,'''I've always loved fashion.''' ,'''Dating co-stars is natural. When you're working with someone, it's habit.''' ,'''I've been in so many love triangles on TV and in real life.''' ,'''It's important not to ditch your mates when you're in a relationship. Lots of girls do it, but you need to remember they will always be there for you.''' ,'''You've got to use your celebrity for good stuff, not evil. I think it's lame when people act as if they're better than everyone!''' ,'''I definitely have family on the brain.''' ,'''My quick beauty tip is always have a tinted gloss of some kind to give you some color even if you have no makeup on.''' ,'''Having kids is something I want to see in my future - I hope.''' ,'''I just really love being in my pajamas.''' ,'''I love shorts in the colder climates, because you can wear them with chunky sweaters and jackets. It's cute and funky.''' ,'''All I can say is, I don't talk about the personal stuff. It's the one thing you can keep to yourself. At least you try to.''' ,'''I love cooking and baking.''' ,'''I hate being too pretty.''' ,'''I'm attracted to mysterious men. Every woman can relate to that, right?''' ,'''Love shouldn't play by the rules. It's all about chemistry.''' ,'''I know I look super young.''' ,'''I'm the fourth generation to be in show business. It's pretty neat; it's nice to have that family history.''' ,'''You can tell a lot about a person from his underwear.''' ,'''I'm into menswear slacks that are comfortable.''' ,'''My unusual beauty tip is that I often use Vaseline to take my make up off. It works great and is good for sensitive skin.''' ,'''I like a man who can build things. Whittle me something out of wood and I'm sold.''' ,'''I don't mind being the center of attention as a character but in real life it's not for me.''' ,'''I know of my sex appeal. I know about sexuality, and I know how to use it - tastefully, of course.''' ,'''All of my friends, I consider childhood friends because we met when I was probably 13, and I'm still friends with them today. It's really nice that I have that core group.''' ,'''I'm not sure if I want to continue to work when I have kids.''' ,'''I love candy!''' ,'''My favorite albumn ever is Jeff Buckley's GRACE. I feel a weird unexplainable connection to him.''' ,'''I'm not into the gym. I prefer dancing or tennis.''' ,]
+++