+++
author = "Dean Cain"
title = "Dean Cain Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Dean Cain Quotes"
keywords = "dean cain,dean cain quotes,dean cain quote,dean cain sayings,dean cain saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Always believe in yourself and keep going. You don't have to have the most talent in the world. You don't have to be the smartest person in the world. If you persist and you persist and you persist, you will be successful.''' ,'''I like finishing a movie and having this living, breathing thing.''' ,'''My agent says that I'm a 'repeat business guy.' If you hire me to come do a movie, I'll be on time, know all my material, be ready to go, have a good attitude. I'm here to work, so I get hired over and over again by the same producers. If you just be a team player on set you can work so much more often.''' ,'''Whenever I played him, I played Superman as if I had a secret that nobody else knew.''' ,'''I'd encourage anyone at any level to take lessons, as it really can turn you into a different kind of skier.''' ,'''Mix one part Denzel Washington and two parts Eva Mendes and you have a nice hot cocktail.''' ,'''Acting with Denzel is like playing tennis with someone that's better than you. You either play better tennis or get blown off the court.''' ,'''I'm a single father, I don't like to be away from my son. So I'll go out, make a film and come back. Repeat. And it's worked out very well for the last 11 years.''' ,'''One of my favorite dishes, absolutely from my childhood, was something my grandmother made, on my mother's side. It was a shepherd's pie, and I really adored that.''' ,'''Any sort of bullying is a terrible thing, but I think online bullying is so much worse because it's psychological bullying.''' ,'''I'm just a shade over 200 lbs., playing basketball with my son, running, hiking, swimming, and feeling way better than I did at 40. 50 doesn't feel so bad!''' ,'''There are certain people who react well in life-threatening situations, and our military and our law enforcement and our first responders tend to be those types of folks.''' ,'''The truth is, I am conservative, but socially, I'm very liberal.''' ,'''Being a father taught me patience. And it taught me vulnerability. You don't realize how vulnerable you are when you love something else more far more than yourself.''' ,'''There are so many things about playing football that seem to me uniquely American. Anybody can succeed, anybody can play, but you've got to work hard to do it.''' ,'''I don't pick my friends based on politics.''' ,'''Real heroes don't wear capes. Real superheroes wear uniforms and badges and stethoscopes! Real superheroes are members of our military, law enforcement, and first responders. Pretend superheroes wear capes!''' ,'''The best advice I ever got - and it's the best advice I'd give anybody - is just don't believe the word 'no.' Be persistent. Persevere. Keep going. Never, ever, ever give up.''' ,'''I have dreamed about coming to Israel for as long as I can remember.''' ,'''I had some friends who were great skiers who I would hang out with, like Jonny Moseley, the Olympic moguls champion, who tried to date my sister once.''' ,'''The thing I liked most about 'Lois & Clark,' we were a fun show. Some of the later 'Superman' stuff is so dark, but I prefer 'Superman' to be a character of light and hope. I prefer the lighter romance and humor.''' ,'''I'm not a song and dance man, so you're not going to see me on 'Glee' anytime soon. If you want that show to continue, keep me far away from it.''' ,'''I just live and let live and live my life pretty much according to the Golden Rule. And it turns out well for me.''' ,'''Some people believe God is involved in every little decision we make. Some people believe you're given the free will to make the decisions. Sometimes people believe God is not involved at all.''' ,'''By no means am I as moral as Clark Kent, by no means at all. I made a lot of mistakes and done a lot of things that are in no way, shape, or form Superman- or Clark Kent-esque. But generally, I live my life that way and try to.''' ,'''I'm not a Trump guy, but I do like what he's done with political speak. He's changed the conversation quite a bit. It's interesting to watch that happen.''' ,'''Hollywood's a very weird place. I think there's less of everything except for attitude.''' ,'''I get a lot of action scripts. I get low-budget vehicles that will end up right on the video shelf. I want to do movies that I want to talk about, that I'm proud of, but I also want to make a living.''' ,'''My grandfather was a commander in the Navy. He was very proud of his service, and he lived his entire life as though he was still serving.''' ,'''The thing that drives me more than anything else is being a father.''' ,'''I don't really go down one path. I wouldn't call myself a Buddhist, or a Catholic or a Christian or a Muslim, or Jewish. I couldn't put myself into any organized faith.''' ,'''When they write about real stuff like my custody battle, that's no fun. Some things have leaked out about accusations that have gone back and forth and that's just mean. It's a tactic.''' ,'''I grew up the son of a director and grew up on sets myself, so I was the kid getting dragged around from this set to that set and I loved it. There's something about it which is really interesting.''' ,'''My cooking style is simple, healthy, and very basic.''' ,'''My mom is an OK cook. She'll skewer me for saying that openly, because she claims to be a very good cook. She can make about, I don't know, 10 dishes, I think, which is four dishes more than I can make.''' ,'''I always said I was good football player, I'm fine as an actor, but I'm a great dad.''' ,'''I wasn't banned from skiing but didn't go much in college because I couldn't afford it, and there just wasn't the time. I played football all winter, then in summer I did track and field and played volleyball.''' ,'''I love sports. Anytime I can combine sports with a film I'm a happy guy. It's such a natural fit, because sports always seems to be a metaphor for life. Always, always, always.''' ,'''I was a history major at Princeton University; I took exams in war and diplomacy, and I find those things very fascinating.''' ,'''The human spirit and what it can go through... that's pretty inspiring.''' ,'''I'm an actor and this is a role I'm playing. But people can get wacky.''' ,'''My favorite of all time will always be Christopher Reeve. He'll always be Superman in my eyes.''' ,]
+++