+++
author = "Monique Roffey"
title = "Monique Roffey Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Monique Roffey Quotes"
keywords = "monique roffey,monique roffey quotes,monique roffey quote,monique roffey sayings,monique roffey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My parents had a long and eventful marriage and were always a bit like movie stars to me when they were young.''' ,'''The romantic idealism of my youth has been replaced with realism and hard work at what I love.''' ,''''The White Woman on the Green Bicycle' is a love story mapped onto an unfolding political tragedy: that of the failure of the Independence era in Trinidad.''' ,'''Long-term heterosexual monogamy is still the dominant model: men and women still want to pair for a long period of time.''' ,'''I talk to myself. It's my worst habit. I often muse aloud, or, when people drive me crazy, I curse them aloud. I might do a ranting monologue about how pissed off I am about them, occasionally forgetting that they might still be in the room; now, that's weird!''' ,'''What I always knew about my parents was that they were in love, and this love had a fizz. It was exciting to be their child, to be around them. There was a dynamism between them, a charge.''' ,'''Born on an island, I could swim before I could walk, thrown many times into swimming pools and warm transparent Caribbean waters: sink or swim, that was my first lesson. While I'm not a natural athlete, I'm still a strong swimmer and feel a great affinity with the sea.''' ,'''New Year's Eve is not about having a big party for me. It's a time of reflection, and I often go on spiritual retreats.''' ,'''The person I love most is the Dalai Lama. China destroyed his country, yet he says that it's imperative we show love for the Chinese.''' ,'''I made myself unhappy measuring my love against a given norm. The truth is, we make ourselves happy in among a wide variety of loves; all count.''' ,'''All my books explore fatherhood. I look at what it means to have a big father figure at the centre: sometimes they're a good father, sometimes bad.''' ,'''While I am most at home in London, I cannot really label myself as either British or Trinidadian. I write in the English language and live in the U.K. I find it hard to say that I am an entirely British writer, especially when I supported Trinidad in the 2006 World Cup and also support the West Indies cricket team.''' ,'''Trinidadians love speaking their own English; it's full of poetic forms and can be playful and lyrical and comical. Trinidadians are verbal acrobats, and I love being on the island just to hear the people speak.''' ,'''At the age of 62, my father died of cancer - it was much too soon. My mother never remarried or got over it, never even thought of another man.''' ,'''Apart from writing books, my 40s have been about pursuing personal growth. Whatever were the mistakes of my earlier life, I've been committed to a pause, a regroup. I don't want to make the same mistakes in the future.''' ,'''Trinidad's language is a fusion of English, African, and French, and so we have our own words and even our own dictionary. Steupse is a common local word, and it's the onomatopoeic word for the sound people make to show disapproval, or to show they are vexed, when they suck their teeth together.''' ,'''I was an observant but dreamy child. I had a lazy eye and wild curls.''' ,]
+++