+++
author = "Chris Morocco"
title = "Chris Morocco Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Chris Morocco Quotes"
keywords = "chris morocco,chris morocco quotes,chris morocco quote,chris morocco sayings,chris morocco saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A lot of nights, and dinners, start like this: some panicked chopping of whatever vegetables I had the foresight to buy, a sheet pan, and my countertop convection oven.''' ,'''Pureed soups kinda suck. By definition, they have one flavor and one texture, a visual blank space where something much more interesting should be.''' ,'''Have you ever walked into a store and wanted to leave your old life behind and become the person you would be if your life was full of the things in that store? I hadn't until I walked into At Land in Dobbs Ferry, New York.''' ,'''We've all been there. Your roux looks good, you add stock until your gravy is the ideal consistency, and then those pan drippings go in and suddenly you've got a sauce that's thinner than chicken soup. Before you panic, remember that there's always a way to thicken it, whether you're an hour or a minute away from dinner time.''' ,'''Kombucha is a great just-walked-in-the-door, sweet-tart wine replacement.''' ,'''I am not someone who ever feels bad about eating a big bowl of pasta for dinner.''' ,'''When I cook Thanksgiving in the Bon Appetit Test Kitchen, every tool I need is within arm's reach, groceries are delivered, and colleagues know better than to talk to me when I have that look on my face.''' ,'''Remember in 'Goodfellas' when Joe Pesci stops by his mom's house to get a knife but within minutes is served a full-on red-sauce dinner despite his mom having been asleep when he arrived? That is the constant state of preparedness that only a freezer can get you.''' ,'''Boneless skinless chicken breasts don't give a damn about their bad reputation. They don't care that you think of them as pale, dry, and rubbery.''' ,'''I have half a cutlery shop's worth of spoons in my pocket at all times designated for tasting.''' ,'''When I was a kid, brown rice felt like punishment. Like the ever-increasing amount of whole wheat flour that would appear in my mom's pancakes and waffles, brown rice with dinner felt like we had done something really wrong.''' ,'''When done right, sheet pan dinners are a dream come true: Your whole dinner goes into the oven on one pan and comes out ready to eat. But it takes a little finesse and a few rules to get everything done right.''' ,'''Round, crispy-edged waffles on the DIY cafeteria station at Oberlin College brought me back to life after many sleep-deprived nights.''' ,'''I would always rather do something in moderation than simply swing from one extreme to another.''' ,'''I live on a lonely culinary island, built on (very thin) bedrock consisting of things I know, or believe, my family will eat. It is a small island. Fortunately, nachos are on that island with me, and nothing gets my family fired up like nachos for lunch.''' ,'''In the BA Test Kitchen, I don't consider my station to be set up until there are at least 50 tasting spoons in the crock on my counter, and when I walk, my spoon-filled pockets jangle like a villain's spurs in a spaghetti Western.''' ,'''In some circles there's a conception that milk chocolate is the Merlot of the chocolate world.''' ,'''Growing up, my parents were health nuts who tried to deprive me of sugary and processed foods so that I would grow up with an appreciation for healthy, delicious homemade food.''' ,'''The story of my life could be told in a series of waffle snapshots. I spent childhood weekends watching the lid of our Munsey waffle maker rise and fall as it chugged through a single square waffle at a time.''' ,'''Cooking at home has made my pantry work harder than ever, and I'm constantly turning to ingredients that I know will add maximum taste-bud payoff with minimal fuss.''' ,'''My dad had a wildly embarrassing habit for a while, that luckily only came out when he was traveling abroad. When trying to decide what restaurant to eat in, he would boldly stride in to the kitchen of every possible contender and have a look around.''' ,'''While a lot of milk chocolate just so happens to be poor quality, milk chocolate itself is not the problem.''' ,'''I love bread and would happily eat it for every meal of the day.''' ,'''The older you get, the less likely you are to order pancakes for breakfast. That's probably a good thing. There is nothing less healthyish for an adult, or more appealing to a five-year-old, than a syrup-drenched stack of refined flour, butter, and eggs.''' ,'''I can't keep pumpernickel bagels at home because just knowing they are in the freezer makes it hard for me to fall asleep.''' ,'''My pantry pastas fall somewhere in the middle of the time spectrum. They're simple, streamlined, and flexible, with unfussy yet massively flavorful sauces that come together in the time it takes to boil water and cook pasta.''' ,'''Hodo Soy's firm tofu is certainly stir-fry-able, but my favorite thing to do is shred it using the large holes of a box grater and use it in vegan sloppy joes.''' ,'''My family is loud.''' ,'''I cook 364 days of the year. The one day I don't? Thanksgiving.''' ,'''Volume can vary a ton when you're cooking, depending on how you measure. Do you carefully spoon the flour into a measuring cup, or do you scoop with the cup? Are you using chunky Morton kosher salt, or finer Diamond Crystal? There can be a 40 percent difference in volume depending on the brand.''' ,'''I break out in hives whenever I hear the word disrupt applied to cooking.''' ,'''Invest in decent cookware. One $80 skillet is better than a $100 13-piece set that has nine things you don't need.''' ,'''When it comes to store-bought sauces, it takes a lot to impress me.''' ,'''The secret to sheet pan dinners is having a sauce, condiment, or other raw-and-crunchy finisher that comes together outside of the oven, otherwise everything on the plate has the same, monotonous roasty-dry texture.''' ,'''Normally, making polenta means having a convenient excuse to use all the butter, milk, and Parmesan in my fridge. Using miso and water instead builds tons of flavor but keeps the texture light.''' ,'''My favorite Hodo Soy product is the firm tofu, a dense cryovac-ed block that isn't packed in water like most store-bought tofu and, therefore, doesn't need to be pressed before using (what a revelation!). It's nutty and mild with a firm - never spongy - consistency.''' ,'''Molokhia as a dish can take many forms, but usually involves a braised meat.''' ,'''Arriving home on a weeknight is guaranteed to be the least relaxing part of my day. The door opens, and two Tasmanian devil-children fly at me, showing me art projects and asking for snacks. My bag has barely hit the floor before I'm off doing 20 things at once, none of which is preparing dinner.''' ,'''I have a well-documented obsession with spoons.''' ,'''I sound, convincingly, twice my age whenever I visit New York City neighborhoods I frequented in my 20s and grumble about how much they have changed.''' ,'''Snapper is pretty forgiving for a white fish. The skin crisps up beautifully, which holds it together.''' ,'''Unlike meat fibers which contract and bind as they cook, vegetables, grains, and legumes just want to fall apart as they heat up. So when I said I wanted to create a grillable, totally vegan veggie burger that came together in under 20 minutes, there was a good chance this would be the mission that I simply never came back from.''' ,'''I would rather have 1/4 of a cookie for four days than a big cookie on day one followed by three days with nothing - this has been documented by my colleagues.''' ,'''A refrigerator, to me, isn't as clever an appliance as people would have you believe. To me, it's a cold limbo, a temporary reprieve from the inevitability of spoilage. The freezer, on the other hand, is a far more satisfying solution for keeping foods at their best.''' ,'''You never forget your first tofu scramble. I was in college, and it was my first meal at the student-run co-op where I would be eating for the year. It was steamy kale and mashed tofu dripping with Bragg's Liquid Aminos, served directly from the bathtub-size wok it was cooked in. It was soggy, salty, and vaguely nutritive.''' ,'''The injustice I feel when my kids drag me out of bed by 6 most mornings is tempered and possibly even erased by the happiness I feel when eating a thick piece of whole-grain toast with a shamelessly large cup of coffee.''' ,'''Veggie burgers, by nature, take more work than meat-based ones, but they should never feel (or taste) like a compromise.''' ,'''I'm not a food-optional person. People who forget to eat meals are like aliens to me and, even now, in the age of Seamless and Caviar, I have a hard time relying on strangers to feed me.''' ,'''When my grandmother passed away in 2014, she left behind some recipes, but nobody stepped forward to follow in her footsteps and become pop-up cookie factories whenever the need arose.''' ,'''It takes a lot to get vegetables to come together into burger form and stay there. A whole lot, in fact. That is why so many veggie burger recipes require eggs, gluten, prodigious amounts of starches, and chilling or freezing before they have a chance of holding together.''' ,'''When I was growing up, a warm, crusty baguette was within arm's reach during every dinner: sliced, if my mom was cooking, or left whole so we could tear it apart if my dad was at the stove.''' ,'''Stir-fried spring vegetables over miso polenta is the meal equivalent of wanting it so badly to be spring yet recognizing it is 40 degrees outside with a brisk headwind no matter which way you are facing.''' ,'''Vancouver is a coffee-lover's paradise, capable of impressing even the most hyper-caffeinated and jaded New Yorkers, such as myself. The coffee is fantastic, whether I happened to be craving a world-class espresso served with monastic intensity or a single-origin pour-over at a vibrant all-day cafe.''' ,'''Pretty much anything pureed needs a big flavor assist to be delicious; just think about how much butter, cream, and salt it takes to make mashed potatoes truly amazing.''' ,'''Surprisingly, fish works great for sheet pan dinners because it cooks quickly through direct pan contact.''' ,'''My wife is English and grew up eating Dairy Milk and Flakes and Twirls, so while she loves dark chocolate, she also has a soft spot for the milkier stuff.''' ,'''I thought my early attempts at cooking tofu went well, but, in hindsight, I realize that's because I was cooking for hungry, vegetarian college students.''' ,'''My grandmother, Erminia 'Minnie' Morocco, treated cookies like a form of currency.''' ,'''The zeitgeist tells us that we 'should' prefer dark chocolate much the same as we should prefer wine, coffee, and whiskey with flavor profiles that run toward the extreme. But sometimes I just want to eat something accessible and enjoyable without embarking on a cerebral tasting exercise.''' ,'''Creating a healthier alternative to barbecue sauce isn't easy. The extreme range of flavors, from piercing vinegar to salty to sweet to barely perceptible umami, isn't easy to recreate.''' ,'''Virtually every pair of athletic shoes comes with wafer-thin, virtually non-existent insoles that have very little heel or arch support. This is where Superfeet Black Premium Insoles come in. With ergonomic support for heels and arches, they feel molded to my feet in ways that continue to astound me.''' ,'''A pastry crust is arguably the least healthy (and most time-consuming) part of a quiche. Replacing pastry with richly browned chunks of sweet potato creates a similar buttery contrast and a satisfying bite.''' ,'''I'm not the kind of person who has tall stacks of beautiful ceramics in every corner of my cabinets.''' ,'''Almondine is the kind of spot that seems to be on every corner in Paris - packed with classic French pastries, unpretentious and yet insanely good. The pain aux raisins is my favorite, a tight coil of croissant dough layered with a whisper of unctuous pastry cream and jammy-glazy raisins.''' ,'''I find it is imperative to switch my footwear at least once throughout the day to avoid fatigue, bouncing around the office in Superfeet-clad sneakers, then slipping into clogs whenever I am in the kitchen.''' ,'''My brain still recoils at memories of the tofu stir-fries in my college co-op. A student 'cook' made them in a wok the size of a prosperous Martian's flying saucer, and, man, were they bad - steamy, crumbled bits of tofu and limp greens sloshing around in a warm bath of liquid aminos. I couldn't eat tofu for decades.''' ,'''There are some things, like sushi, that I'll still choose white for, because its flavor is so unobtrusive. But I actually prefer the nutty intensity of brown rice in stir-fries, grain bowls, and as my go-to grainy side dish.''' ,'''If cooking isn't fun for you, then do whatever it takes to make it fun.''' ,'''In July and August, when everyone I know is at the beach, I am cooking through turkey, potato, and pie recipes for Bon Appetit's November issue.''' ,'''Standalone bakeries that produce everything in-house are hard to find - let alone ones that produce results as consistently good as Almondine.''' ,'''Many spicy condiments blend into fiery sameness, and even the ones that don't hold back on heat often offer little flavor aside from burn. Yet occasionally, a condiment comes along that's like a black hole, compressing physics-defying amounts of flavor in a tiny package. Such is the case with Auria's Kitchen sambal sauces.''' ,'''Thinly slicing even the bulkiest vegetables, like cauliflower, broccoli, brussels sprouts, or cabbage, then aggressively cooking them in a hot skillet and finishing with a shower of spices means they cook and develop flavor super quickly.''' ,'''O-Med doesn't make vinegars that you would ever consider cleaning with. They're lush, like burying your nose in a platter of lavender and peaches, with the concentrated, fruity essence of a good glass of wine.''' ,'''I use a cake tester to check the doneness of everything from fish to vegetables. The point on it is duller than a paring knife, so you get a much better feel for how finished something actually is. Oh yeah, and when it comes to cake, a toothpick is the move. The rougher surface is more likely to show you what the crumb inside looks like.''' ,'''I was Bookings Production Manager at Vogue, a fancy way of saying that I helped produce photo shoots and booked hair, makeup, and modeling talent.''' ,'''I don't want to hack my dinner, and I don't want to disrupt my cookware. I just want to cook tasty food like everyone else, using cookware that works. But if someone comes along with a product that is genuinely better, well, I'm all ears.''' ,'''The brilliance of nduja is that while you can certainly eat a lot of it very quickly (and nobody would blame you) it is so packed with flavor that even a small amount can go a long way.''' ,'''Let's just get this out of the way: Most grocery store vinegars taste terrible. They're made from low-quality wine (or other alcohol), which gives them a flavor that's barely more nuanced than the chewing-on-metal taste of distilled vinegar.''' ,'''I love to cook, but, after spending a full day in the Bon Appetit test kitchen, the last thing I need to do is start chopping onions all over again when I get home. That means dinners can be a bit scrappy: reheated leftovers from my weekend prep, fridge-dump salads, or just taking whatever I can find and putting a scoop of cottage cheese on it.''' ,'''I would never try to make ketchup from scratch. Or Dijon mustard, for that matter. These condiments, and plenty of others, are hard to improve upon and even harder to reproduce in a home kitchen.''' ,'''A normal conversation between my uncles about whether or not the lamb is done will come across as a shouting match between four guys all doing their best to impersonate Tony Soprano.''' ,'''The deliciousness of a bowl of pasta isn't proportional to the time it takes to make it: A three-hour ragu doesn't necessarily taste 15 times better than a 10-minute butter-and-Parm weeknight affair.''' ,'''My freezer is a labelled-and-dated marvel of soups, stews, braises, cooked grains, bread, and the occasional half-eaten dessert. Any of them can be defrosted and ready to eat in under 25 minutes.''' ,'''Once you get your hands on some nduja, chances are you will find all kinds of ways to use it.''' ,'''When it comes to breakfast, baked goods are my weakness (besides coffee): toast, croissants, heck, even a scone on the weekend. There is one bakery item, though, that you will never see in my life, and that's a muffin.''' ,'''Simply put, Hestan NanoBond cookware is the most durable stainless cookware that I have ever seen.''' ,'''A day at the beach with my kids is one of the least relaxing activities I can think of.''' ,'''Everyone has foods that take them on mental journeys.''' ,'''I must admit - I don't really like peanut butter.''' ,'''I've found that grilled chicken is one of the fastest, easiest ways of getting protein on my family's plate, but it needs a massively flavorful sauce to finish it during the final minutes of cooking.''' ,'''I don't order take-out sushi for the fish. Unless I'm spending a lot of money to eat at a phenomenal sushi restaurant, I eat it for the rice, which is perfectly seasoned with a mixture of salt, sugar, and rice vinegar.''' ,'''Pepper mills (aka pepper grinders) rank just behind knives as primary causes of horrific kitchen accidents, according to an unofficial study that occurred in my life experience.''' ,'''I spend a lot of time apologizing for the things I say when I am hungry. That's why breakfast, for me, is non-negotiable. It's an insurance policy against saying things I'll regret before my blood-sugar levels have stabilized.''' ,'''A sharp knife is the best tool you can have in the kitchen.''' ,'''Meatloaf has never quite risen above its name. It offers comfort and predictability, but rarely fireworks.''' ,'''The funny thing about bowl recipes is, despite how simple they might seem, they can actually be a lot of work.''' ,'''My first foray into meatless burgers was BA's Best Veggie Burger, a no-holds-barred, maximalist veggie burger in the style of Superiority Burger. A year later I followed that up with a black-bean tofu burger designed to stand up to the high heat of the grill. So what was there left to say? Plenty.''' ,'''Everyone's definition of healthy (and delicious) is different.''' ,'''Tasting food, thinking about it, talking about it, and deciding whether it can be better is the crux of my job - and my life. So when I discovered a tasting spoon that felt better in my hand, a touch softer against my bottom lip, and that stood a little taller on my counter, there was no going back.''' ,]
+++