+++
author = "Comte De Lautreamont"
title = "Comte De Lautreamont Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Comte De Lautreamont Quotes"
keywords = "comte de lautreamont,comte de lautreamont quotes,comte de lautreamont quote,comte de lautreamont sayings,comte de lautreamont saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Arithmetic! Algebra! Geometry! Grandiose trinity! Luminous triangle! Whoever has not known you is without sense!''' ,'''Taste is the fundamental quality which sums up all the other qualities. It is the nec plus ultra of the intelligence. Through this alone is genius the supreme health and balance of all the faculties.''' ,'''I will leave no memoirs.''' ,'''Throughout the centuries, man has considered himself beautiful. I rather suppose that man only believes in his own beauty out of pride; that he is not really beautiful and he suspects this himself; for why does he look on the face of his fellow-man with such scorn?''' ,'''Melancholy and sadness are the start of doubt... doubt is the beginning of despair; despair is the cruel beginning of the differing degrees of wickedness.''' ,'''The great universal family of men is a utopia worthy of the most mediocre logic.''' ,'''When I write down my thoughts, they do not escape me. This action makes me remember my strength which I forget at all times. I educate myself proportionately to my captured thought. I aim only to distinguish the contradiction between my mind and nothingness.''' ,'''Sleep is a reward for some, a punishment for others. For all, it is a sanction.''' ,'''Naturally I drew register a little exaggerated, in order to create something new in the sense of a sublime literature that sings of despair only in order to oppress the reader, and make him desire the good as the remedy.''' ,'''Poetry must be made by all and not by one.''' ,'''It is a power stronger than will. Could a stone escape from the laws of gravity? Impossible. Impossible, for evil to form an alliance with good.''' ,]
+++