+++
author = "Callum Wilson"
title = "Callum Wilson Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Callum Wilson Quotes"
keywords = "callum wilson,callum wilson quotes,callum wilson quote,callum wilson sayings,callum wilson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As a striker you are always at the top of the pitch when play is going on in and around your own box, so for me playing up here at St James' Park and hearing the noise when Newcastle have scored against us, it's the passion, you see the fans going crazy and it just feels you with energy.''' ,'''I went to Coventry and didn't really like it and went back to my Sunday team. I tried again when I was 12, didn't really like it, went back to my Sunday team again.''' ,'''I was in foster care for a bit when I was younger.''' ,'''I would never ever forget my roots. I am always going back. Sometimes if I am driving, I find myself taking different routes, going down the old places I used to go. My mum is still in the house I grew up in.''' ,'''I always said that I would provide for my son differently to how I was provided for from my father. That was my desire when I was 20 and not even playing in League One.''' ,'''The games come thick and fast and you can get left behind in the scoring charts. It doesn't look so great if someone has double the amount of goals you have.''' ,'''You have to learn to stand on your own two feet without a father figure around. You have to set an example.''' ,'''Every time I look at my mobile phone before bed it seems to say 22:22. I thought that has to mean something in the future. Ironically when it was happening I ended up scoring 22 goals for Coventry.''' ,'''Any player would like to play in the Champions League and progress, that's what I've based my whole career on.''' ,'''I'm not silly enough to say I don't take note of what other strikers are doing. I was totally aware players were scoring that were in the squad - and of English players scoring who weren't in the squad.''' ,'''I don't really know anything about my dad. I don't really know too much about his background. He's Jamaican and Jamaicans are usually more athletic. You've seen Usain Bolt.''' ,'''Since I was a little boy, I've watched the Premier League and seen Liverpool playing in the Champions League on Tuesday and Wednesday nights.''' ,'''I would go on loan to Kettering, have a stinker, and think it's a long way to go but I believed and the drive was there for wanting to provide for my family.''' ,'''I have 41 Premier League goals. For me the 100 club is massive. That is a massive carrot there to get into that in four years. That is where I'd like to be at the end of my career, 100 Premier League goals and join that elusive club.''' ,'''My partner Stacey says I have a cold heart. Growing up, having cried so much, it has made me a stronger person.''' ,'''I'm quite a stubborn person.''' ,'''My mum would never make me aware that someone needed to bring us food. As I got older, I went to the food bank and understood how people get that food, who it goes to and how it helps.''' ,'''Being injured for nine months, it felt like a breeze to me mentally - nothing was really too difficult.''' ,'''When you find out teams are interested in you weigh up the options. I looked at squads at the clubs, I looked at who was here and what style of football they play and what will suit me more.''' ,'''I am fully in sync with how my body works and what I need to do to feel good and stay good.''' ,'''As an England fan, you want to be involved in the big tournaments, especially when they are playing in your home stadium.''' ,'''My missus says I can never remember anything as a kid. I always say, I put a line through anything that happened back then.''' ,]
+++