+++
author = "David Seabury"
title = "David Seabury Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 David Seabury Quotes"
keywords = "david seabury,david seabury quotes,david seabury quote,david seabury sayings,david seabury saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Courage and conviction are powerful weapons against an enemy who depends only on fists or guns. Animals know when you are afraid; a coward knows when you are not.''' ,'''A wise unselfishness is not a surrender of yourself to the wishes of anyone, but only to the best discoverable course of action.''' ,'''Love... Force it and it disappears. You cannot will love, nor even control it. You can only guide its expression. It comes or it goes according to those qualities in life that invite it or deny its presence.''' ,'''Manage yourself first and others will take your orders.''' ,'''If you give yourself to your task at once, you won't have to do it twice.''' ,'''Enthusiasm is the best protection in any situation. Wholeheartedness is contagious. Give yourself, if you wish to get others.''' ,'''No man will work for your interests unless they are his.''' ,'''Good humor isn't a trait of character, it is an art which requires practice.''' ,'''Intellectual comradeship requires that you think your thoughts through to the place where you can make the complex seem simple, the obscure quite clear.''' ,'''Your desires and true beliefs have a way of playing blind man's bluff. You must corner the inner facts.''' ,'''Nature is at work. Character and destiny are her handiwork. She gives us love and hate, jealousy and reverence. All that is ours is the power to choose which impulse we shall follow.''' ,'''The fact, if they are there, speak for themselves.''' ,'''Try out your ideas by visualizing them in action.''' ,'''He who doesn't consider himself is seldom considerate of others.''' ,]
+++