+++
author = "Nuseir Yassin"
title = "Nuseir Yassin Quotes"
quotes_len = "61"
description = "the best 61 Nuseir Yassin Quotes"
keywords = "nuseir yassin,nuseir yassin quotes,nuseir yassin quote,nuseir yassin sayings,nuseir yassin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I caution people away from quitting their jobs to travel the world because I don't think traveling the world is a worthy cause on its own.''' ,'''If you think about it, the people of Cuba and North Korea will never meet because, well, they have restricted freedom of movement.''' ,'''Often times people forget that every human has potential to change the world like Steve Jobs did.''' ,'''My success came from the fact that I'm not a typical blogger.''' ,'''My whole life I grew up thinking there is one Internet, but there are actually two, one in the rest of the world and one in China. The one in China is advanced and hi-tech, but it's a scary Internet.''' ,'''Canada is one of the best countries. There's so much to see here.''' ,'''Honestly, China scares me.''' ,'''So, Israel, for all its glory, has failed as a social country because it has not built a strong society, but a very weak one. We succeeded militarily and financially, and we are the 'Start-Up Nation' - but when it comes to social issues, Israel has failed. It is very sad.''' ,'''Who doesn't love an ice-cold Coca Cola? I'm not the biggest fan. So my New Year's Resolution for 2015 was to reach every corner of the world where Coca-Cola is not officially distributed.''' ,'''Every day, for 1,000 days, I made a video. I never missed a day, not even once. I don't know how I did it.''' ,'''Not many people get up after a setback or two. But those who do make the impossible come true.''' ,'''I love Singapore because there's a lot we can learn from them!''' ,'''The rat race is real. I was part of the rat race.''' ,'''I can't stay in the same place for more than 20 days because I need to make a video every single day on a different topic.''' ,'''Most of my videos are 60 seconds long. They can only fit about 200 words. There are a lot of things that I wanted to discuss about a given topic - my feelings behind it, how I ended up making a video, what happened before and after - that I couldn't because I had this 60-second limit.''' ,'''I don't control my life; my videos control me. I still love it because it's temporary, but I can't do this forever.''' ,'''I wanted to be an aerospace engineer because I really like space. But I didn't go to the army.''' ,'''Every time you engage in a political debate, there is a guaranteed headache from the comment section, from the reaction from everything.''' ,'''You don't have to take my word for it, obviously, but in making 1,000 videos, 98 per cent of them I lost money on. So I know a thing or two about staying true and rising above the money. Because if I was for the money I would be someone who'd put up Coca Cola in my videos left and right.''' ,'''I'm apolitical.''' ,'''I need to keep reminding myself that I don't need a million people to watch my videos, all I need is one. If one person reaches out to me and says, 'This is great, I love it, let's be friends,' I am just as content.''' ,'''I don't like ads. I don't like selling things. That's not me.''' ,'''I'm not here to tell you to take risks and quit your job and travel the world. No, don't do that if it doesn't make you feel comfortable and excited.''' ,'''When you spend a lot of time in your job, you realize you're just selling your time in exchange for money.''' ,'''I inadvertently made Israel look better without even trying, because I am this Muslim guy from Israel who does not hate Israel!''' ,'''I've seen too many people who struggle financially who save thousands of dollars and go on a one year trip. And then they come back out of money, thirty years old, and back to living with their parents and saying 'I'm back to getting any job possible to get more money for travel.'''' ,'''I just want to be someone whose opinion you entertain for 60 seconds at a time - but I want other people to be more cognitive of time.''' ,'''I don't want to make silly videos.''' ,'''I like to be a free soul.''' ,'''In 19 years growing up in Israel I had no Jewish friends. Zero.''' ,'''I think a lot of people confuse what we do with fame or wanting fame... which is not necessarily true.''' ,'''My dream is to build a tech company that helps people discover content.''' ,'''Segregation is a problem not just in my country but in every country.''' ,'''Poverty leads to protests.''' ,'''I make videos about people's stories in a way that is human.''' ,'''There is good to be found anywhere in the world, and not necessarily only through travel.''' ,'''I never thought my life was worth vlogging.''' ,'''If I can change one person's opinion about Turkey being dangerous, I'm happy.''' ,'''We live very busy lives. But everyone has a spare minute.''' ,'''If you want to boycott Israel because of Palestine, I don't think you actually care, because you're also boycotting 2 million Muslim Palestinian Israelis.''' ,'''It seems like the whole world is either with Israel or with Palestine. It seems like there is nobody who is actually in the middle, because the only loud people are the ones in the extreme.''' ,'''I have the best possible life because I believe in the mission I'm making, and I'm making money out of something I enjoy, and I travel.''' ,'''There is a huge stigma around people who are online making money online.''' ,'''I do videos on things that excite me... things that are new to me.''' ,'''We need more and more engagement with China rather than isolating it more and more.''' ,'''The reason I moved to Singapore is because everything is so organised and streamlined. There's no 'who you know,' there's no anything 'under the table.'''' ,'''When I was a kid, I had zero Jewish friends. Not because I hated Jews, but because Jews don't want to live with us. And us Arabs, we don't want to live with Jews.''' ,'''Nobody's offering me $100,000 for a video.''' ,'''We humans gravitate to people who share our culture because it's easier... the problem is that self-segregation is not just bad, it is dangerous.''' ,'''When I land in a new country, I'm a tourist. I can't become a local in one day.''' ,'''Every time I see corruption, it pains me.''' ,'''There were things I wanted to do that I wouldn't be allowed to because of where I was born.''' ,'''I don't want to make people hate Israel or hate Palestine or hate Jews or hate Muslims.''' ,'''The majority of Jews and Arabs want to get along. Don't let a few bad apples ruin it for everyone.''' ,'''When Muslims live and grow up in a separate neighborhood in London, they are surrounded only by their culture. They don't need to integrate with other cultures, they don't need to mix with other people... When we don't live together, we start hating each other.''' ,'''Money fixes most problems.''' ,'''It's amazing how much people want to meet the other. You just got to, you know, help make it happen.''' ,'''Arab Israelis don't have the same voice as Jewish Israelis. If you look at the numbers, we are not equal. There are many reasons for this, some have to do with the fact that we are a bit primitive in the way we do certain things, others have to do with the government not giving us the same opportunities as Jews.''' ,'''Any time you make a big statement about something in the world, you are bound to ruffle some feathers.''' ,'''There is a lot of the world that is undiscovered.''' ,'''From what it seems like in my follower base, they have these bad misconceptions about China, and some of them are true and some are false.''' ,]
+++