+++
author = "Dorothy Stratten"
title = "Dorothy Stratten Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Dorothy Stratten Quotes"
keywords = "dorothy stratten,dorothy stratten quotes,dorothy stratten quote,dorothy stratten sayings,dorothy stratten saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Looks are temporary and don't mirror what's inside. And usually, a great looking man is so vain. Maybe most good-looking women are too. I hope I'm not!''' ,'''I think I had a more European outlook about the body and sex. The body is in no way dirty, and sex is something beautiful to give to and share with a lover. It has nothing to do with promiscuity, because I only believe in being in love with one man at a time.''' ,'''I don't think a powerful man would be interesting unless he'd be nice, attractive, with or without the power. Men are interested in powerful men. Women are interested in terrific men!''' ,'''I think if you work as an actress and are supposed as a character to be in love with some actor, then to some extent you do have to be in love with him.''' ,'''I can honestly, and proudly, say that I never was on the casting couch. Oh, of course there have been advances from certain men in the movie industry, but nothing overwhelming.''' ,'''If someone's going to talk about me, I'd want it to be positively. The way many write, you'd think only bad things were interesting. If we don't think positive, what's the use? It's a lot more fun, you know.''' ,'''In a way, I'm like Will Rogers, never having met a man I really disliked. I'm not a vamp. I just like men.''' ,'''It's good to have a manager who shares your interests, or goals. You can presumably trust a husband. I don't know if it's the best way to work. I really shouldn't discuss this.''' ,]
+++