+++
author = "Bryan Cogman"
title = "Bryan Cogman Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Bryan Cogman Quotes"
keywords = "bryan cogman,bryan cogman quotes,bryan cogman quote,bryan cogman sayings,bryan cogman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''After we map out all the main characters' individual arcs, using color-coded index cards, we arrange them by episode and get a rough idea of the scene order.''' ,'''I hate when the major event of a show I watch is spoiled for me. And I'm wracked with guilt when/if I spoil something for someone else.''' ,'''I tend to write the episodes in the middle of the season, which can be a challenge because you've got to balance all these threads that have begun - and also make sure they will make sense with the overall plan going forward.''' ,'''I don't think of the characters as being good or bad because that doesn't help me as a writer.''' ,'''Don't limit yourself to one thing.''' ,'''I come from the theater, where the response to your work is immediate, and I suppose there's a part of me that still craves that.''' ,'''I couldn't enjoy 'A Dance With Dragons,' unfortunately. Of course, I enjoyed it, but it was the first of the books I read as a writer on 'Game of Thrones,' so all I could do is think, 'We're going to have to shift that,' 'We won't be able to afford that,' or 'That's a great scene.'''' ,'''I tend to work in coffee shops. I need to get out of the house, and, well, I need the coffee.''' ,'''The pressure used to wear on me. I was on Twitter a couple years ago, and I couldn't handle it all that well. Don't get me wrong, because 90% of the feedback you get is fantastic.''' ,''''A Storm of Swords' is a massive volume, and it seemed like it would be shortchanging it to try to cram it into ten episodes.''' ,'''When we're shooting, I'm in producer mode.''' ,'''I think 'The Americans' is exceptional on every level.''' ,'''Coming out of Juilliard, I had a big head, and a lot of people wouldn't want to be an assistant. But I am so fortunate, and I've learned a ton.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of the underdogs.''' ,'''As far as engaging with fans... it's a tricky thing. I enjoy seeing the feedback on Twitter, etc. It's probably the actor in me.''' ,]
+++