+++
author = "Byron Katie"
title = "Byron Katie Quotes"
quotes_len = "6"
description = "the best 6 Byron Katie Quotes"
keywords = "byron katie,byron katie quotes,byron katie quote,byron katie sayings,byron katie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I suffered from severe depression for over a decade. My condition deteriorated steadily. I was suicidal.''' ,'''When I was in my early forties, I slept with a loaded gun under my bed. I'd become severely depressed in my thirties, and for almost a decade I spiraled down into paranoia, rage, self-loathing, and thoughts of suicide.''' ,'''One morning, in February 1986, out of nowhere, I experienced a realization. In an instant, I discovered that when I believed my stressful thoughts, I suffered, but when I questioned them, I didn't suffer.''' ,'''I haven't had a single thought for 26 years. I have only understanding. It's somewhat complicated to understand that. I've hardly ever spoken about it. You're in a state of total peace of mind. A kind of nirvana.''' ,'''When we believe in our thoughts, when we tell ourselves a story, we suffer. 'My husband doesn't respect me.' 'I should be thinner.' Those are stories. When there's no story, there's no suffering.''' ,'''I used to sleep on the floor next to the bed, because I believed that I didn't even deserve a bed to sleep in. And then, one morning, a cockroach crawled onto my leg. I looked at it, and suddenly I awoke from a kind of hypnotic trance in which I had been all my life.''' ,]
+++