+++
author = "Danny Brown"
title = "Danny Brown Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Danny Brown Quotes"
keywords = "danny brown,danny brown quotes,danny brown quote,danny brown sayings,danny brown saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Faygo's like a Detroit thing, and you can't really find it everywhere, but the difference between Faygo Creme Soda and other cream sodas is that it's foamy. Faygo Creme Soda is almost like Sprite, but it's cream soda, so that's ill!''' ,'''Just knowing how to rap doesn't necessarily mean that you're a good songwriter.''' ,'''The reason I never wanted to sign with a big label was because I didn't want no one telling me how to make my music.''' ,'''From an early age, music was my only thing. You come from Detroit, you learn how to make the most of what you can do best.''' ,'''I think me leaving Detroit shaped my style. Me leaving, going to New York, going to L.A. and seeing what they were doing there. I think that inspired me more than what people were doing back home.''' ,'''Certain people in life are just going to take what's given to them, and certain people in life know they want better and they're going to go find better. I've always been that type of person.''' ,'''The most popular rap artists aren't supposed to be rapping about being broke.''' ,'''I use the Internet for what it's for: to learn.''' ,'''50 Cent's a songwriter. He understood and liked my music, but he didn't understand me.''' ,'''You can't predict the number of years it will take for someone to find themselves, to mature into their own voice. When I got to be 30, I was finally writing like Danny Brown.''' ,'''Since I was a kid, I'd wake up every morning hearing a voice say, 'You're the greatest rapper ever.' I'm trying to prove that voice right.''' ,'''I dress for a certain type of girl that I like. Women dress for us, they dress to attract us, so we should at least show that gratitude to them, you know what I'm saying?''' ,'''In terms of fashion, I think the biggest influence that I had was my father. My pops, he was really into men's fashion and read all of the magazines.''' ,'''I would never design anything. I just think that's kind of wack. I hated every rapper fashion line that ever came out, you know what I'm saying? I would never try.''' ,'''Yeah, Dizzee Rascal is a huge influence on what I'm doing. I learnt a lot from him even though he's younger than me.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I think that I'm making music for me as that 12-year-old kid in front of my boombox every day. I try to think about, if I'm that little kid, what would he like?''' ,]
+++