+++
author = "Lorraine Hansberry"
title = "Lorraine Hansberry Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Lorraine Hansberry Quotes"
keywords = "lorraine hansberry,lorraine hansberry quotes,lorraine hansberry quote,lorraine hansberry sayings,lorraine hansberry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If, by some miracle, women should not ever utter a single protest against their condition, there would still exist among men those who could not endure in peace until her liberation had been achieved.''' ,'''I wish to live because life has within it that which is good, that which is beautiful, and that which is love. Therefore, since I have known all of these things, I have found them to be reason enough - and I wish to live. Moreover, because this is so, I wish others to live for generations and generations and generations and generations.''' ,'''I am a writer. I suppose I think that the highest gift that man has is art, and I am audacious enough to think of myself as an artist - that there is both joy and beauty and illumination and communion between people to be achieved through the dissection of personality.''' ,'''Men continue to misinterpret the second-rate status of women as implying a privileged status for themselves; heterosexuals think the same way about homosexuals; gentiles about Jews; whites about blacks; haves about have-nots.''' ,'''There is always something left to love. And if you ain't learned that, you ain't learned nothing.''' ,'''Children see things very well sometimes - and idealists even better.''' ,'''Seems like God don't see fit to give the black man nothing but dreams - but He did give us children to make them dreams seem worthwhile.''' ,'''I have long since passed that period when I felt personal discomfort at the sight of an ill-dressed or illiterate Negro. Social awareness has taught me where to lay the blame.''' ,'''Once I'm on the phone, I just can't say no. I sometimes find myself doing things for three or four organizations in one day.''' ,'''The why of why we are here is an intrigue for adolescents; the how is what must command the living.''' ,'''The problem in the world is the oppression of man by man; it this which threatens existence.''' ,'''The thing that makes you exceptional, if you are at all, is inevitably that which must also make you lonely.''' ,'''You don't have to go to the kings and queens of the earth - I think the Greeks and Elizabethans did this because it was a logical concept - but every human being is in enormous conflict about something, even if it's how to get to work in the morning and all of that.''' ,'''The whole realm of morality and ethics is something that has escaped the attention of women, by and large. And it needs the attention of intellectual women most desperately.''' ,'''Never be afraid to sit a while and think.''' ,'''Daddy felt that this country was hopeless in its treatment of Negroes. So he became a refugee from America. He bought a house in Polanco, a suburb of Mexico City, and we were planning to move there when he died. I was fourteen at the time.''' ,'''I think it is about time that equipped women began to take on some of the ethical questions which a male-dominated culture has produced and dissect and analyze them quite to pieces in a serious fashion. It is time that 'half the human race' had something to say about the nature of its existence.''' ,'''I feel that women - without wishing to foster any strict separatist notions, homo or hetero - indeed have a need for their own publications and organizations. Our problems, our experiences as women are profoundly unique as compared to the other half of the human race.''' ,'''As of today, if I am asked abroad if I am a free citizen of the United States of America, I must only say what is true: No.''' ,'''Mine is, after all, the generation that had come to maturity drinking in the forebodings of the Silones, Koestlers, and Richard Wrights. It had left us ill-prepared for decisions that had to be made in our own time about Algeria, Birmingham, or the Bay of Pigs.''' ,'''A woman who is willing to be herself and pursue her own potential runs not so much the risk of loneliness, as the challenge of exposure to more interesting men - and people in general.''' ,'''I care. I care about it all. It takes too much energy not to care.''' ,'''I don't want to have anyone else to do my housework. I've always done it myself. I believe you should do it yourself. I feel very strongly about that.''' ,'''Take away the violence and who will hear the men of peace?''' ,'''I live in the Village, and the way it's been, people sort of drop in on me and my husband. My husband is Robert Nemiroff, and he, too, is a writer.''' ,]
+++