+++
author = "Mohamed Salah"
title = "Mohamed Salah Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 Mohamed Salah Quotes"
keywords = "mohamed salah,mohamed salah quotes,mohamed salah quote,mohamed salah sayings,mohamed salah saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I give all my life to football; I only think about football. This is what is on my mind all the time.''' ,'''I'm a professional, and I know in football that everything can change in one day, so I am excited to show everyone my football.''' ,'''To win the Champions League is huge for everyone.''' ,'''I don't think in terms of being a superstar.''' ,'''I give assists; I create chances, because I can't forget my position. I play still on the wing, not No 9. I play for the team, and everyone can see that.''' ,'''I like the Premier League I lot. I feel it has my style of football.''' ,'''I'm happy when the fans sing my name.''' ,'''I always like to put myself under pressure to improve more.''' ,'''Nutrition is so important; it's part of the game. It has helped with my recovery, allowed me to sleep better, and helped my body adapt quickly.''' ,'''You cannot score 10 goals from 10 shots - that's impossible - but I am trying.''' ,'''This is my life: it's an easy life. It's not complicated.''' ,'''I have a speed, and I have to use it when I play against someone who gives you the space.''' ,'''I have to be natural and not doing anything fake, not lying on social media, in interviews and life.''' ,'''I want to be the best player in the history of Egyptian football.''' ,'''I always like to score in the big games.''' ,'''I need to maintain my performance levels high for many seasons. I hope I can do that.''' ,'''I scored about 40 goals with Roma, so that's quite good.''' ,'''When I have a chance to go back to my village, I always remind myself where I came from.''' ,'''It would be nice to go back to Rome; it's my old club. I love the fans there, and they love me, too.''' ,'''I have to thank the fans very much for singing my name. Really, I respect it a lot.''' ,'''It's always good when you see your name with legends of a club like Liverpool. It's a different feeling, and I'm very happy about that.''' ,'''Since I left the Premier League the first time, I wanted to come back.''' ,'''I keep my focus on the team and concentrate on the best possible match preparations.''' ,'''Ever since I was a kid, I had been a Liverpool fan - they were my favourite Premier League club.''' ,'''I even used to play as Liverpool on the PlayStation on 'FIFA' when I was 18 or 19, as Steven Gerrard, Sami Hyypia, Jamie Carragher, Michael Owen, and Xabi Alonso.''' ,'''When I go back to Egypt, I call my friend from the airport to buy kushari for us to eat in the car. I pull my hoodie over my head, jump into the car, and then I'm eating it straight away.''' ,'''Even if I see myself playing very well in one thing, I try to improve to do it better and better.''' ,'''I want to be the best Egyptian ever, so I work hard.''' ,'''It's always special to play in any final.''' ,'''I have said many times I play for the team to help the team win the games. That is the most important thing for me.''' ,'''For anyone, the most important thing is to play good, to perform good, to score goals for your team.''' ,'''I always try to see my weakness, work on it, to be better as a person and a player, everything.''' ,'''Every year, every day, every month, I am proving myself.''' ,'''I am always trying to improve and see my weakness and work on it.''' ,'''Everyone knows I am fast, so I have to change the way I play. I always know I have to change the way I score. Every game is different.''' ,'''I always like to improve myself.''' ,'''I concentrate on training. I go to the gym. I want to put the football first, not the social media or what's going on around the camp.''' ,'''I want all Egyptian people to follow my way to improve themselves. We are a huge country. We have many children. I want everyone to dream and feel they can do something.''' ,'''I miss many chances, but I always keep trying, and sometimes you score easy goals or difficult goals, but in the end, I am trying to score.''' ,'''If I had a choice between the Champions League and the Golden Boot, then of course it would be the Champions League - no doubt the Champions League.''' ,'''From the first day I left Chelsea, it was always in my mind to make them wrong. I made them wrong.''' ,'''We're just human beings. In the end, you do your job. I do my job in the best way I can.''' ,'''I'll never forget where I came from. It's always on my mind.''' ,'''Each game, we try to win the three points, but every game, I want to score and help the team.''' ,'''The Champions League nights are special for the fans, too. You can feel it on the streets.''' ,'''To win the Champions League is huge for everyone. I don't care about the rest.''' ,'''Everyone is expecting something in each game I'm playing. I don't have to score in every game, but I want to do my best. I want to give everything for the club, for my teammates, and myself also.''' ,'''It's always a special feeling when you win something.''' ,'''I always think about the small details because I need to improve more and more.''' ,'''There's something very special about playing for Liverpool.''' ,'''I gave a lot for football because I wanted to be as professional as possible.''' ,'''I was at Roma for two years, had two great seasons there, and everyone told me to stay, but it was in my mind to come and be successful in England.''' ,'''I have lots of experience in three clubs: I was at Chelsea, then Fiorentina, and then Roma. I have good experience.''' ,'''I understand Scouse - I think!''' ,'''For me, I always want success.''' ,'''Of course you think about the goalkeeper you are facing before a game. You have to prepare yourself for the game and think about the weakness of the players you are up against.''' ,]
+++