+++
author = "Anil Ravipudi"
title = "Anil Ravipudi Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Anil Ravipudi Quotes"
keywords = "anil ravipudi,anil ravipudi quotes,anil ravipudi quote,anil ravipudi sayings,anil ravipudi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I prepared the script of 'Pataas', when working for 'Kandireega'. When I approached Kalyan Ram with the script, he liked it and said that he will produce the film with a big hero.''' ,'''I got good recognition in the industry after working for 'Kandireega'. I traveled with director Santosh Srinivas right from the scripting stage for that film.''' ,'''Suddenly if I shift gears and go from Hyderabad to Bangalore, I might find myself out of place. It is a different route with a different set of audience.''' ,'''I have been inspired by world cinema in different ways. But no, 'Raja The Great' is not a copy. It's not based on any film. You will see a lot of Telugu nativity, moreover.''' ,'''I always make sure my film benefits my producer and earns him a profit.''' ,'''We get prompt feedback on social network. The overseas audience is quick to convey what they feel about a film and we realise whether we are up to date.''' ,'''Pataas' will be an out and out commercial entertainer and there will a mind game. Audiences can't expect what will happen next.''' ,'''Writers are first directors. When directing our own scripts, we would have a better vision and clarity than directing the stories penned by others. I personally think that a writer's job is tough than a director's.''' ,'''I have understood by observing blind people that they are very confident. They don't see themselves as suffering from a disability.''' ,'''I am not active in sharing my views on social media but I observe a lot.''' ,'''Everybody who has watched 'Raja The Great' has loved the film. That's why I am even more tensed. I want to see the audience's response. I am nervous.''' ,]
+++