+++
author = "Hannah Teter"
title = "Hannah Teter Quotes"
quotes_len = "73"
description = "the best 73 Hannah Teter Quotes"
keywords = "hannah teter,hannah teter quotes,hannah teter quote,hannah teter sayings,hannah teter saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Children International is bringing a lot of hope to families who start out with nothing. They have nothing. Then Children International comes in, puts them in school, gets them what they need.''' ,'''I always get super stoked to go to the Open, because it's in my home state. I get to stay in my parents' house and get to eat pancakes.''' ,'''I've been blessed to have enough to buy organic and have a house in Tahoe.''' ,'''I use products with coconut oil in them all over my skin.''' ,'''The concept of bettering yourself at the disadvantage of others is out the door, and the new one is to help one another while helping yourself.''' ,'''Beauty, to me, is about being healthy and strong, both physically and mentally, and Shiseido products arm me with the protection and style I need.''' ,'''I want to make money for third-world-country kids, and I need to be smart about how to do it.''' ,'''Americans are pretty next level with snowboarding. We have the best training facilities, the best coaches that push us to the next level.''' ,'''Young Living Peace & Calming Essential Oil is one of my favorite oil blends. I have many of them but choose this one for my neck and wrists most often.''' ,'''Once I get my mind set on something, I want to see it succeed at the highest level.''' ,'''When I see somebody fall in practice or get hurt, it almost makes me want to cry.''' ,'''I'm motivated to keep going to keep making a difference in people's lives.''' ,'''The earth is one big interconnected entity. If you hurt a piece, you hurt the whole. If you hurt the people, you hurt the environment.''' ,'''It was a no-brainer to get the Unified snowboarding race into X Games.''' ,'''Action sports is just in a new era: thinking outside the box, being creative, and inventing new things. I just think people dig that. It's a new way of being an athlete.''' ,'''When you surround yourself with nature, it's really powerful.''' ,'''I love stir-fries, quinoa, tofu, and tempeh!''' ,'''Clean water is such a treasure that we take for granted in America.''' ,'''I grew up in Vermont, so we didn't really have a TV, growing up, or a football team.''' ,'''I grew up with a special-needs brother, and the separation from other kids is so extreme. We've got to break down those barriers.''' ,'''The sun rays are more powerful at high altitudes and the snow bounces the rays right back up at you. Shiseido sun care products are epic for protecting me and not irritating my skin.''' ,'''Putin is very - not the smartest guy in the world.''' ,'''Surfing waves of water or clouds of powder snow is the best feeling on earth.''' ,'''I think people forget that it doesn't take a big donation to help someone, just a lot of little donations.''' ,'''I've been striving for attention my whole life. Now I have it.''' ,'''You don't really get the full grasp of something until you see it for yourself.''' ,'''I hope that as a professional snowboarder, Olympian, and now, a Global Ambassador for Special Olympics, I will be able to change perceptions about people with intellectual disabilities.''' ,'''I have been so inspired by the Special Olympics athletes that I have been so fortunate to meet, and I am excited to continue my involvement in the Special Olympics Movement.''' ,'''When I discovered Special Olympics and saw how it integrates these athletes into programs that change the whole way they see themselves and how they perform, it blew my mind. I wanted to be involved.''' ,'''I've been to three Olympics, and they're cool and everything, but I feel like people just aren't grateful for what we have and the opportunities we have.''' ,'''I still want to look good while training hard and throwing down.''' ,'''I'm OK with people being naked. There shouldn't be a huge deal made about it.''' ,'''That's what snowboarders do: we break rules.''' ,'''Riding is my passion, but a very close second is sun, sand, and surf.''' ,'''It seems like an obligation if you have it so good. You have to spread the wealth.''' ,'''Every human life is worth so much.''' ,'''I am thrilled to be working with Shiseido and to be representing their incredible suncare, skincare, and makeup lines.''' ,'''Usually, boycotts sometimes don't really accomplish anything besides the fact that you show you that don't agree with what's going on.''' ,'''I try to incorporate quinoa in unique and fun ways into most meals.''' ,'''Maple syrup makes you strong!''' ,'''My goal from the beginning was, if I ever hit it it big, I would give back. And that continues to be my goal moving forward.''' ,'''Growing up with four older brothers, we were into everything! They started snowboarding when I was just a tiny button, and I loved watching them shredding in the backyard. After seeing them compete in a few contests, it was all over. I idolized the sport from day one.''' ,'''I didn't know football was so big. Obviously, it's huge in the United States.''' ,'''It's great to have the opportunity to reach out to people that don't know much about snowboarding so they can see it and get stoked on it.''' ,'''Sometimes, you need to revamp yourself over the winter, participate in things that make you appreciate what you have.''' ,'''I've always felt really lucky and really privileged with my life, how I grew up, and the opportunities I've had.''' ,'''You want everybody to see snowboarding as it should be, looking phenomenal with everybody doing what they know how to do.''' ,'''Shaun White and Danny Kass were obsessed with trading Olympic pins. I bet they can say 'pin' in every language.''' ,'''My plant-based diet has opened up more doors to being an athlete. It's a whole other level that I'm elevating to.''' ,'''I'd just like to see athletes awake. And aware. There's so much going on and so much to know... We stay in our little boxes and don't think much about the outside world.''' ,'''I'm into fashion and designing clothes and stuff.''' ,'''I come from a close-knit family, and I have four older brothers that have inspired me in so many ways.''' ,'''The Unified races are so much fun and take you back to the roots of why you started snowboarding. It makes you feel grateful for all that you have.''' ,'''Snowboarding is about having fun, pushing one another creatively, and not putting anyone down along the way.''' ,'''Fourth is the worst position to finish. You just missed the podium.''' ,'''Funny how one halfpipe run can change your life.''' ,'''I don't overcook, because you lose what's good in the food.''' ,'''I made a pact with myself when I was younger that if were to ever grow up to be someone, I would be someone who would make a difference, instead of being just another person on the planet who doesn't look into anything.''' ,'''I'm moving into a yurt in the woods near my parents' home in Vermont.''' ,'''Guys with bigger boobs than I have walk around, and they're fine. If women were to do that, they could go to jail. That's totally wrong.''' ,'''I love the whole layout of Vancouver and the super-friendly people who live there.''' ,'''I snowboard because I love it. It's just a cool way to be out there and doing something different instead of going to college.''' ,'''I decided I want to represent the U.S. and show what snowboarding's all about.''' ,'''I'm trying to do more inverts and corked-out rotations that you don't see at the girls' level. I want to be more creative.''' ,'''I feel like my role is to be one of those voices who reaches the youth.''' ,'''When the Olympics comes around, it seems like every country is against each other, but we're all buddies out here. It's about giving feedback to fellow riders and letting the riders feed off each other.''' ,'''Bodies are beautiful and should be appreciated.''' ,'''I use Jane Iredale SPF foundation and bronzer, along with the brand's brushes. Her stuff keeps my face all glowy and looking good for interviews and moments when I want to feel like a million bucks.''' ,'''I love riding halfpipe. This is an amazing job to have.''' ,'''The Special Olympics motto, 'Let me win, but if I cannot win, let me be brave in the attempt,' really speaks to me because it embodies exactly what I have pursued in my life. Really, that's all any of us can hope for - a chance to be brave and to pursue a dream.''' ,'''It's so hard to see one of your friends fall, and it's a reminder that you have to be on and in the zone.''' ,'''I've always wanted to make an impact.''' ,'''I am a huge fan of quinoa, not only for its health benefits but because it tastes the best out of all the grains.''' ,]
+++