+++
author = "Katie Melua"
title = "Katie Melua Quotes"
quotes_len = "84"
description = "the best 84 Katie Melua Quotes"
keywords = "katie melua,katie melua quotes,katie melua quote,katie melua sayings,katie melua saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I had a mental breakdown I was 26 and the most important thing before that was my work. And I still adore it. But it was all that mattered and everything else was secondary: my relationship, my family, my own health.''' ,'''I've always been very open and unspecific about what kind of music I want to make.''' ,'''I don't get to do that very often so to just have a completely free evening where your mind is relaxed enough to read a book is exquisite.''' ,'''Throughout my 20s it was all about achieving and working as hard as possible. To the point that you don't think twice about working in a music studio with no windows from 11 to 11. And you don't bat an eyelid if you fly four times a week and do promo in a different city each time.''' ,'''I don't cook very often but when I do I try and make Georgian food. I made a hinkali recently, which is like ravioli but is the size of your palm, with meat in the middle and thicker dough.''' ,'''I spend eight to nine months working abroad and cram in a holiday when I have the odd week off.''' ,'''Children are resilient - they can always find a way to play.''' ,'''I love winter. It's a beautiful time, but also a melancholic time, a reflective time, and I'd come to a point in my life where I felt I had to make certain decisions about my career.''' ,'''There are all these tests that are done on young kids and they all say they want to be famous but I just always felt that for my generation being famous was kind of corny and cheesy. Maybe because fame isn't something that proves you're good at something.''' ,'''I don't mind doing publicity but I want to make sure it's the right type and it's about promoting my music and not me.''' ,'''I love being out in nature. That is really important. It's everything actually.''' ,'''But I'll never forget my trip to Las Vegas. I'm a huge rollercoaster fan and we did the one at the Stratosphere, which curls around the hotel, and there's one that dips out from the roof then comes back in. That was intense.''' ,'''Norway, for some reason, I find Norway really fascinating, you really feel nature in that country. And then there is somewhere like Japan, which is the most interesting culturally because their whole psychology, how they think is so different to us and how I've grown up.''' ,'''After 'Nine Million Bicycles', I was sent bikes from all over the world. I got about 10.''' ,'''When I was younger I dreamt of intrepid travel and whenever I had some time off I wanted to scuba dive. Nowadays I'm a bit more relaxed but I'd still like to do an Amazonian trek.''' ,'''When the lights did come on in Georgia and the electricity did come on - you know, 'cause they did for about one hour during the day - we would watch Hollywood films and we'd listen to music from America and the West.''' ,'''If I have children, I am never going to read them stories about finding Prince Charming because they will grow up feeling disappointed.''' ,'''Maybe when you're 18, 19, 20, you could have a bit of a wobble if you're going on live TV and playing guitar. But in your thirties you've got to just grow up about it.''' ,'''I never wanted to be a celebrity.''' ,'''I mean Georgia, and also Belfast, aren't the most stable places, politically, in the world. But the thing is, in both places, the people were just so kind and so warm and in Belfast so welcoming.''' ,'''I go into a book store and start having heart palpitations. I get very excited.''' ,'''I used to watch 'Aliens', and I just found Sigourney Weaver's character so empowering.''' ,'''I grew up eating quite well, even though the idea has got around that my family were terribly poor in Communist Georgia. I think it's partly because we had different standards then - it was tough, but we never truly struggled for food.''' ,'''And I did feel there was an album to be made about winter that can make you feel the way Sinatra and Johnny Cash and Patsy Cline make me feel - warm, nostalgic and comforted.''' ,'''I love the French philosophy that everything starts with great-looking skin.''' ,'''Some of the songs are inspired by personal things that have happened. Others have been inspired by other people's stories, you know, like someone that witnesses something and so I tell the story through my own eyes. And some songs are just about how I feel about the world and others about the places that we have travelled to.''' ,'''Most people in Georgia have a place in the hills for when it gets too hot in the city. We have good friends who own a place by a beautiful little river and the houses are full of hammocks.''' ,'''When the Soviet Union broke down, Georgia suffered a huge deal. Pretty much the whole of the 90's was known as 'the black decade... because we had a lot of electricity blackouts.''' ,'''Well, I couldn't speak English before I went to Belfast. So I learned English with a Northern Irish accent.''' ,'''Everybody in Georgia is musical, but I was slightly obsessed.''' ,'''The first dramatic experience I had of music was when I was five. The electricity had gone out in Georgia, and my mum played the 'Moonlight Sonata' on the piano.''' ,'''I have spent a long time being asked questions in interviews, so I've experienced it on the other side but I'm really not afraid to ask any question myself.''' ,'''My focus was, and still is, totally on making music, getting on the road and performing live.''' ,'''I started writing and recording, at a very basic level, just in my own bedroom.''' ,'''Buying books is probably my biggest vice when I travel.''' ,'''I'm enjoying doing research, to get better at the guitar, to get better at rhyming. That's an essential skill.''' ,'''I'll go through the budgets for tours and recordings, royalty statements... You have to wise up about it a bit more.''' ,'''At 19 I was lucky enough to start making money from my music career, and when I was in my early twenties I trusted financial experts and advisers to guide me with how I invested money.''' ,'''I love a classic, white silk shirt with dark trousers or jeans or a dark, knee-length skirt: timeless clothes that are not too fussy always work.''' ,'''Because of things like 'The X Factor' and 'Autotune', the real art of communicating a song is not treasured any more. But singing other people's songs can be an intensely personal experience. I want the songs to be vessels that people fill with their own imagination, the same way that I fill it with my thoughts and feelings.''' ,'''At 15, I did a ouija board with my best friend. I pretended I was possessed by a ghost, and she believed it.''' ,'''I grew up in Georgia where my parents, little brother Zurab and I shared a flat with my paternal grandparents and two uncles in the capital, Tbilisi. Times were hard and the country was racked by civil war.''' ,'''I know I've been lucky, but I'm not very materialistic - I don't believe in collecting many unnecessary things and I'm not into girlie shopping.''' ,'''I used to think being in the West would be incredible and then when I was nine my parents moved us to Belfast. I was initially amazed by little things - in toyshops you could actually play with the toys, the schools were more colourful and there were so many magazines everywhere.''' ,'''But I do believe in living life to the full and so I have no problems spending money on travel and holidays.''' ,'''I may be developing aerophobia as I get older, or maybe I'm just becoming middle aged, because I find flying an increasingly unpleasant way of travelling. I would much rather drive than fly.''' ,'''And I've teamed up with a choir from home. They're called the Gori Women's Choir. They're a 23-piece all-female choir, and they've been going since the '70s.''' ,'''Granddad was deported to a Siberian prison camp at the age of 15.''' ,'''Queen were the first western band I got hooked on. I got a bootleg - there was hardly any legal buying of CDs in Georgia.''' ,'''It started in Georgia. Everyone sings there. I mean, it's all they do. So at eight, I heard a lot of Georgian singing, which is often really complicated, with seven- or eight-part harmonies.''' ,'''I think singing is such an important and incredible art form and it is quite undervalued at times.''' ,'''The Georgians will treat you like royalty, and the odds are you'll do a lot of eating, drinking and toasting.''' ,'''I'd also like to explore more of Georgia, my home country, because one day I really want to make an album that is written in the Georgian language.''' ,'''I personally stream or download from iTunes because I love the quick access that I have to music; I don't have to write down a list of songs that I like and then go to the shop.''' ,'''I've started making my wardrobe a uniform: I find that the fewer options I have, the better my state of mind.''' ,'''I wolf food down like you've never seen. For some reason, I have no self-control when it comes to the pace of eating.''' ,'''I would advise everyone to have a travel drawer. Mine contains adaptors, ear plugs, blow-up pillows for the plane, travel health books, disposable cameras, a first aid kit and torches.''' ,'''I do tend to drape my real feelings with pretty words and different layers and stuff.''' ,'''The Russians invaded Georgia in 2008 and my mum got stuck and had to be airlifted back to the capital by the UN because she'd left her passport at my grandparents. It was absolutely terrifying and it's why I always carry my passport in my handbag now.''' ,'''I'd love to do a food tour of Italy but the next break I'll be having is skiing with my dad in Georgia. He's 58 and only just started skiing, so I'm looking forward to joining him on the slopes.''' ,'''When I do my own makeup, I limit my options: I have one Mac eye colour, a neutral shade with a bit of shimmer, plus eyeliner and subtle mascara. I wear a little foundation and put Laura Mercier concealer around my nose, underneath my eyes and on any dark spots.''' ,'''The thing about doing gigs is you make music, and then it is gone and that is being watched by thousands of people.''' ,'''I am not saying everything's perfect, but I embrace anything bad because that makes me appreciate all the good.''' ,'''When I wasn't touring I'd be really down, then suddenly after a few weeks of crazy travelling - America, a double headline with Ray Davies in Denmark, TV shows here and just partying... Suddenly I had an acute psychotic breakdown.''' ,'''My father has been an inspiration - he instilled his work ethic without ever having to hammer it home. He was also very encouraging.''' ,'''I moved schools seven or eight times, but I never thought of it as a problem. I didn't become attached to people.''' ,'''Of course, I like to keep my private life, private.''' ,'''My father longed for a better life for us, and when I was nine he got a job as a heart surgeon in Belfast. It was very bittersweet when we said goodbye to our relatives, and I remember crying my eyes out at the airport.''' ,'''I'm the worst customer for a credit card company because I always pay my balance off every month.''' ,'''I did go through a phase of reading a lot of poetry and getting heavily into philosophy and ended up writing things that weren't really in a musical format, which I put to some very electronic-based backing.''' ,'''I became this dorky 15-year-old, in my bedroom all the time with crossed eyes, staring at my computer. It was all drum loops, R&B and pop - silly songs that I hope to God no one ever hears. But that's what got me in to music.''' ,'''I'm not a huge fan of Las Vegas. It's a fun place to go to play a bit of poker but it's so man-made. And being quite environmentally conscious, I couldn't believe the amount of neon lighting in the city.''' ,'''To be healthy is, for me, linked in with feeling happy about yourself.''' ,'''My mother is caring and selfless, and really looks after me. When I'm touring, she still picks me up from the airport, no matter what time it is.''' ,'''I love fruit. One of my earliest memories is climbing trees for figs, and I once got stuck in one when I was six. I could see the biggest, juiciest fig and I climbed up and got it and ate it right there, sitting on a branch. Then I realised I couldn't get down.''' ,'''We Georgians are really into food and drink. We would never have finger food at a party or a wedding - celebrations are always one long meal, on one long table, with endless toasts.''' ,'''What I've picked up from working with the women in the Gori choir is that they don't have egos. All that matters is the music.''' ,'''Ever since I left the Brit school I've been so protected. I had a woman to do my hair and makeup every day throughout my 20s.''' ,'''But I do think I'm quite a selfish performer in the sense that I'm not one of those that's like 'Hey, come on everybody lets sing along' you know that kind of thing.''' ,'''I wouldn't really call myself a Jazz singer I think it's offending to real Jazz singers to call me a Jazz singer.''' ,'''Well, I always write when I am inspired, and I am not a constant song-writer.''' ,'''To have been able to buy my parents a house in London is something no one can imagine.''' ,'''I think my biggest achievement is still going out on the road and wanting to make music on the road. It doesn't matter to me that I am still travelling around because I just love everything about it, I love the lifestyle, and I love being on stage.''' ,'''When I'm working, I'll often be upgraded to a suite though I don't ask for preferential treatment. I'll be there with a tour manager, my band and various promotions people and the hotel will offer to upgrade one of us; luckily, it's usually me.''' ,]
+++