+++
author = "Lex Luger"
title = "Lex Luger Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Lex Luger Quotes"
keywords = "lex luger,lex luger quotes,lex luger quote,lex luger sayings,lex luger saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to thank the fans so much for their support through the years. Even as undeserving as I was, they were a big part of my being able to move forward and put my life back together. They're the greatest. They're the ones who make the stars. For their support throughout my career and today, I love them and thank them.''' ,'''When I saw that Wrestlemania had broken an indoor attendance record, I just walked into a wrestling office, Championship Wrestling in Florida, during the offseason, and they introduced me to Hiro Matsuda, who became my mentor... and the rest is history!''' ,'''I was trying to be 27 at age 47, but God had to get rid of my vanity. I had trouble letting go of the old Lex physically. My human fleshly nature didn't want to let go of what had come to be billed as 'The Total Package.' I guess God had to help me get rid of the last remnant of that vanity and pride.''' ,'''One of the things I do is try to get a positive message out there in the local schools and tell my story. I also do a lot of faith-based speaking, sharing my story and testimony, to help show what God has done in my life and what he can do in others' lives.''' ,'''I used to be known as one of the strongest guys on the planet.''' ,'''I thought surrendering was a weakness; instead it's the strongest thing a man or a woman can ever do, to acknowledge our Creator who's in control of all things.''' ,'''I'm involved in quite a few ministries as a bridge builder, trying to match generous givers and donors to other ministries. Based on my past, I'm also involved in mainly the prison ministry. I go to jails and prisons and share my story, trying to give them some hope.''' ,'''I just want people to know out there no matter what they've done, God doesn't judge us on how many sins.''' ,'''I grew up in Buffalo, New York, and was a big Bills fan.''' ,'''No matter what we face, put your total faith in God, and in time - not our time, but His time - He'll bring us through.''' ,'''Many times, the decisions we make affect and hurt your closest friends and family the most. I have a lot of regrets in that regard. But God has forgiven me, which I am very thankful for. It has enabled me to forgive myself and move forward one day at a time.''' ,'''I just want people to know out there no matter what they've done, God doesn't judge us on how many sins. God is there for us. He loves us. He wants us to turn it over to Him.''' ,]
+++