+++
author = "Lowell Mcadam"
title = "Lowell Mcadam Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Lowell Mcadam Quotes"
keywords = "lowell mcadam,lowell mcadam quotes,lowell mcadam quote,lowell mcadam sayings,lowell mcadam saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you look at the first generation of wireless, it really lasted about 15 years before we went to the second generation. When we implemented the fourth generation, which allowed us to do all the smartphones and the videos, the time between that and going to the fifth generation is going to be four years.''' ,'''Cloud computing is the third wave of the digital revolution.''' ,'''We looked at the customer segment that we want to go after, the Millennials, which everybody wants to go after. They are not buying linear TV.''' ,'''Verizon's vision is to provide customers with a premium digital experience based on a global multiscreen network platform.''' ,'''As I look forward in things like the Internet of Things, I am sure we will talk about video. There is a lot of disruption going on and a lot of new products being brought to market, products like Go90.''' ,'''No one wants to have 300 channels on your wireless device.''' ,'''We're extremely excited about the assets that Yahoo has in the areas of Sports and Finance and Email and News. You match those up with AOL, and we've just made an exponential leap in capabilities here.''' ,'''Latency is very important when you think about autonomous cars and things like that - 5G will really change the game, and I think will be another spike of growth in the wireless industry.''' ,'''It's only natural that the heavy users help contribute to the investment to keep the Web healthy. That is the most important concept of net neutrality.''' ,'''The OnCue platform and team will help Verizon bring next-generation video services to audiences who increasingly expect to view content when, where, and how they want it. Verizon already has extensive video content relationships, fixed and wireless delivery networks, and customer relationships in both the home and on mobile.''' ,'''We're always skating to wherever the puck is going.''' ,'''The key for us is to have assets that are easy for people to get to and they want to use. So Go90 right out of the gate will have certain things that are exclusive to Verizon, but you can download it if you're a Sprint customer or T-Mobile customer, and they're doing that. Things like the AwesomenessTV - exclusive content.''' ,'''At Verizon, we've been strategically investing in emerging technology, including Verizon Digital Media Services and OTT, that taps into the market shift to digital content and advertising. AOL's advertising model aligns with this approach, and the advertising platform provides a key tool for us to develop future revenue streams.''' ,'''You're starting to see programs literally completely supported - all the data usage supported by a company. So our friends at AwesomenessTV are doing a series set on a cruise ship called 'Royal Crush' completely subsidized by Royal Caribbean cruises because they're trying to have teens see that cruises can be cool.''' ,]
+++