+++
author = "Ruth St. Denis"
title = "Ruth St. Denis Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Ruth St. Denis Quotes"
keywords = "ruth st. denis,ruth st. denis quotes,ruth st. denis quote,ruth st. denis sayings,ruth st. denis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You and I are but specks of that rhythmic urge which is Brahma, which is Allah, which is God.''' ,'''We have the capacity to receive messages from the stars and the songs of the night winds.''' ,'''We should realize in a vivid and revolutionary sense that we are not in our bodies but our bodies are in us.''' ,'''As we rise higher in the understanding of ourselves, the national and racial dissonances will be forgotten in the universal rhythms of Truth and Love.''' ,'''We can scale the heights of mountains and see the world rayed out before us, but we fail to recognize that which is before us.''' ,'''But in reality we are accompanied by the whole dancing universe.''' ,'''We can hear the silent voice of the spiritual universe within our own hearts.''' ,'''I believe that my whole creative life stemmed from this magic hour under the stars on that hilltop.''' ,'''Our bodies are at once the receiving and transmitting stations for life itself. It is the highest wisdom to recognize this fact and train our bodies to render them sensitive and responsive to nature. art and religion.''' ,'''It is not a question of who dances but of who or what does not dance.''' ,'''The real message of the Dance opens up the vistas of life to all who have the urge to express beauty with no other instrument than their own bodies, with no apparatus and no dependence on anything other than space.''' ,'''Remembering that man is indeed the microcosm, the universe in miniature, the Divine Dance of the future should be able to convey with its slightest gestures some significance of the universe.''' ,'''I see dance being used as communication between body and soul, to express what it too deep to find for words.''' ,]
+++