+++
author = "Roberto Cavalli"
title = "Roberto Cavalli Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Roberto Cavalli Quotes"
keywords = "roberto cavalli,roberto cavalli quotes,roberto cavalli quote,roberto cavalli sayings,roberto cavalli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Fashion should be something that in the morning, when you open your window, you say, 'Oh fantastic, sun!' Then you take your shower, you say, 'OK fantastic, which colour I wear today because I feel happy?' This should be fashion.''' ,'''I love women in all their different incarnations. My friends are practically all women. They are much more intelligent than men.''' ,'''Sometimes, because of my success, I am afraid that I was not a good father. With the first two I was too strong, and with the other three I was too weak.''' ,'''I am a helicopter pilot. Something that gives me pleasure sometimes is taking my helicopter to go high, 2000 meter, 6000 feet, to go there and feel like a bird. In this moment I feel free.''' ,'''With time, fashion has become part of my DNA.''' ,'''You can't just buy things for the label - it's ridiculous.''' ,'''The big fish run the show. I'm a middle fish, but there are small fish that are poisonous.''' ,'''In the beginning, I loved being famous, but now I am tired of it and I would like to go back to my freedom.''' ,'''I enjoy seeing people have fun.''' ,'''I meet people, I like to ask: which sign are you?''' ,'''I love women's fashion, but women don't need me as much as men do. It's the men who have nothing to wear.''' ,'''Maybe I think too much.''' ,'''I love a woman, I love to judge how beautiful she is, how beautiful I can make her.''' ,'''Maybe I am looking for the reason why I exist.''' ,'''In the evening every man looks the same. Like penguins. Women have a special dress for that event; men, the same tuxedo.''' ,'''Every girl creates a dream in her mind; everyone needs an idol.''' ,'''I'm used to always deciding everything myself. It's a blessing, but also a terrible defect.''' ,'''I love you if you love me.''' ,'''In my planet, fashion, I'm the only straight man.''' ,'''I am not gay.''' ,'''Sometimes incompetence is useful. It helps you keep an open mind.''' ,'''It is important to be chic.''' ,'''What is too much? There is no such thing!''' ,'''I began to speak well at a very advanced age - 15, 16, 17 years old. It was psychological: the trauma of war, my family and growing up on my own. I was more or less a street kid.''' ,'''Leopard is an animal design, and my designs come from nature.''' ,'''I think I was the first to show that a designer could be like a rock star, that people should love your fashion but also put your name together with your fashion.''' ,'''I really admire a woman for her intelligence, her personality. Beauty is not enough.''' ,'''I tried immediately to have a baby because I was so afraid not to have a baby in my life.''' ,'''I know I have to be like people expect, because people love to dream with me, they like to think that I love my boat of 50 metres, that I drink Cristal for breakfast, that I dance until five o'clock in the morning. I am not like that.''' ,'''When I go to a restaurant and they say, 'We're fully booked,' I say, 'It's Roberto Cavalli,' and they say, 'I will check'. I love it!''' ,'''If somebody for some reason, for music or for movie, becomes famous, it's because they have something, something special.''' ,'''Today the world is a big jungle.''' ,'''The press attack people to sell more papers without thinking, but when you get famous you have to put up with this kind of stuff.''' ,'''My name is very often associated with parties and entertaining, but it's not true. I am not such a party person.''' ,'''Every woman inspires me.''' ,'''My dream, maybe because of my family, of course, was to be a painter. I chose in one moment the direction of textiles; from textiles I went to fashion.''' ,'''Normally, I never dress up.''' ,'''I think God is the most fantastic designer.''' ,'''I was a disaster child. I remember I make very often my mother cry.''' ,'''Excess is success.''' ,'''Today, I'm very happy about myself, because I realized my dreams. I learned how to understand what people want.''' ,'''I would like the people that buy my clothes to understand that for me it's one small piece of art.''' ,'''I learn much more by traveling by myself.''' ,'''Florence and art is something that is part of my life and is part of myself.''' ,'''I love to spend money.''' ,'''I love being a fashion designer.''' ,'''I feel fashion needs me for many, many years more.''' ,'''Money is the most corrosive aspect of life today because it means that all attention to detail is forgotten.''' ,'''There is a real vulgarity in the way women dress at the moment. They show off too much and try too hard. They don't understand where the line is between sexy and vulgar. I know where that line is.''' ,]
+++