+++
author = "Tatum O'Neal"
title = "Tatum O'Neal Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Tatum O'Neal Quotes"
keywords = "tatum o'neal,tatum o'neal quotes,tatum o'neal quote,tatum o'neal sayings,tatum o'neal saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Paper Moon didn't bring me love.''' ,'''My children forgave me at a time when I could barely forgive myself.''' ,'''I felt privileged to be a facet of such a jewel in the crown of American cinema.''' ,'''I never dreamed that shooting a film would be so hard. There was less regulation then of child actors' hours. Even the concept of acting confused me.''' ,'''I've purged myself of bitterness and anger and remained open to love.''' ,'''I do take responsibility for it. I admit to having a problem. I have been to numerous treatment centers.''' ,'''I have a temper, but I wouldn't call me abusive.''' ,'''Griffin, my brother, 11 months younger, was sometimes the victim of my father's fury - once Ryan famously knocked out his teeth.''' ,'''Ryan finally came to my rescue. He'd thought working together in Paper Moon would help us bond.''' ,'''Things with my dad were pretty good until I won an Academy Award. He was really loving to me until I got more attention than he did. Then he hated me.''' ,'''I've overcome physical and mental brutality - and fought back.''' ,'''I've stood my ground in life, alone, even against overwhelming forces with the might and money to crush me.''' ,'''Certain struggles never end.''' ,'''Things get so sloppy when you're under the influence.''' ,'''The more love I craved, the more distant and abusive he grew. The role I longed to play was never written into Ryan's script: daughter.''' ,'''When someone was hitting me, or like sexually molesting me, it just seemed normal to continue to do that to myself.''' ,'''As Peter Bogdanovich would say of Paper Moon: Ryan's wonderful in it, and he sat there and watched the kid steal the picture.''' ,'''I was punished for blowing the whistle on my father's lifestyle.''' ,'''I've triumphed over addiction.''' ,'''I remained Ryan's companion on the Hollywood party circuit, growing inured to sex and drugs before I was in my teens.''' ,'''Ryan is my bridge to the past, to memories that lose some of their sting when he recounts them.''' ,'''I've overcome neglect and deprivation, abandonment and abuse.''' ,'''I think all of us feel like we're a bit on show, all the time.''' ,]
+++