+++
author = "Carolyn Murphy"
title = "Carolyn Murphy Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Carolyn Murphy Quotes"
keywords = "carolyn murphy,carolyn murphy quotes,carolyn murphy quote,carolyn murphy sayings,carolyn murphy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I can't remember the last time I was bored.''' ,'''The great thing about having a child is that it keeps you very grounded. When I decided to have my daughter I was ready to have that responsibility and I made it clear to people that I work with that my job was no longer my priority. My daughter is now my priority. She comes first. Period.''' ,'''Giving birth was the most amazing thing I've ever done. I'd been living in a Third World country, and I said, 'I'm going to just squat behind a tree.' I basically did that but in a chair in my living room. I didn't want a sterile hospital room. I didn't want doctors. I had a midwife.''' ,'''Having a child keeps you very grounded. So when I decided to have a child, I made it clear to the people I work with that my job was no longer my priority.''' ,'''I just decided to take some time off. I've been modeling since '93, '92, and that's a pretty long time. I'm a single mother and I chose to focus on her.''' ,'''You see airbrushed images of me, but I know the person who's walking barefoot, dodging dog poo in the yard.''' ,'''It was easy to run around barefoot in oblivion in Costa Rica. But once I gave birth to my child, I didn't want to be oblivious to the obvious.''' ,'''The industry's much quicker. The turnover with models - I cannot keep up. And in my day, we had so much personality. We probably caused a lot more trouble, but it was fun.''' ,'''The best anti-aging advice I've ever received? Drink a lot of water and have a plant-based diet. I also do mindful meditation with my daughter every day. It takes ten minutes. I think reducing stress plays a big part in anti-aging.''' ,'''I have great respect and understanding for military commitment due to my own family's involvement with the armed forces.''' ,'''One of my most laughable moments was when we visited the monkeys in Ubud - they really seemed to like me and at one point, I had three males on my head and shoulders.''' ,'''I had dreamed of visiting Bali for many years and because I had an extended family of Balinese friends in Los Angeles, I felt connected. The island is so peaceful and the smiles are constant.''' ,'''I always feel like I'm so boring, but I don't get bored with me.''' ,'''I never thought I'd make the pages of 'Sports Illustrated', because I've always been skinny.''' ,'''I love the Instamatic application on my I phone, it takes the coolest photos.''' ,'''People that I'm most attracted to, they're not living by any sort of rules. They're the kind of people with stories to tell.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I thought I was Wonder Woman.''' ,'''I just remember Stella Tenant and me dancing in Donatella Versace's bathtub until like four in the morning. It was one of those 'pinch me' moments.''' ,'''There's always competition out there. That's what makes life exciting.''' ,'''Being in the world of fashion you have to be very self-absorbed, and you are surrounded by people who are very self-absorbed.''' ,'''My favorite hotel is the Villa Alilla in Bali. The setting is pure bliss, overlooking the ocean of Uluwhatu; the eye line makes you feel as if you're floating on top of the ocean.''' ,'''Men are just jealous because they can't wear makeup.''' ,'''When I had my daughter, my priorities shifted. Being in the world of fashion you have to be very self-absorbed and surrounded by people that are self-absorbed.''' ,'''I have stacks and stacks of journals. I'll change the names if I ever decide to publish them.''' ,'''I'm not surfing much anymore, but I love hiking and gardening, and I'm always wearing a hat and sunblock.''' ,'''I love physical sunblocks with zinc. When I used to surf, I'd sometimes tuck a bottle of sunscreen into my wet suit sleeve - when you're in the water having a great time, you're not thinking about running out to put on more sunblock.''' ,'''The turnover with models - I cannot keep up. And in my day, we had so much personality. We probably caused a lot more trouble, but it was fun.''' ,'''I'd like to reach out to more women and different body types.''' ,'''I'm just a glutton for spas and messages. And I love to surf and hike.''' ,]
+++