+++
author = "Kristin Lehman"
title = "Kristin Lehman Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Kristin Lehman Quotes"
keywords = "kristin lehman,kristin lehman quotes,kristin lehman quote,kristin lehman sayings,kristin lehman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to live a good life and pay my taxes. 'The Killing' was a blessing. It was two wonderful years. But I had reached a point in my life, especially with a young son, that I was no longer willing to compromise my life for the sake of a paycheque. I was no longer willing to move where the tax credits are strong.''' ,'''Predominantly, crimes and horrible, horrible, horrible judgment don't have to do with sociopaths. It has to do with people who are not capable of maintaining or managing their frailties.''' ,'''I had my little boy, and I took three years off to have him and be a mom.''' ,'''Maybe it's a personality thing individual to me, but actors always benefit from body awareness.''' ,'''For 'Motive,' it wasn't a question of making it look un-Canadian, but instead, we wanted it to be the product of a bunch of really skilled people making something. And that's what you have.''' ,'''The only way to really portray a character and tell a story well is to be flexible internally. And one of the ways we're blocked as actors is being aware of where our bodies are carrying tension.''' ,'''I'm a better actor because I'm a mother, I think.''' ,'''I'm a character actor; that's my skill set.''' ,'''I'm a journeyman actor. My experience as a journeyman actor is that you have to go where the work is. I've never been the lead; I've never been in that position.''' ,'''I ran for ninth grade class president. Came in a close second.''' ,'''I think people will always be interested in crimes of passion. And I don't think you can do a genre-heavy show and not be influenced by successful, beautiful stories that have gone before.''' ,'''I didn't expect to feel pathos for the villains in our show. I feel quite moved in several of our episodes; I never realized that a show like 'Motive,' which aims for a broad appeal, could have that sort of emotional impact.''' ,'''You have to carry so many archetypes as an actor, especially as a blonde-haired, blue-eyed one.''' ,'''If you're not a victim, and you don't need help, then you're definitely seen as a threat as a woman.''' ,'''I read 'How to Rig an Election.' Well, I read parts of it. I wouldn't necessarily quote me as saying I read the whole thing.''' ,'''I injured myself quite badly when I was seventeen. I broke my ankle, and it didn't heal in such a way that I could keep dancing at the level I wanted to. It wasn't like, 'Oh my god, I'll never play the violin again.' I could, but not at the level I wanted. So, I segued into acting, the other thing that was also meaningful to me.''' ,]
+++