+++
author = "Emmylou Harris"
title = "Emmylou Harris Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Emmylou Harris Quotes"
keywords = "emmylou harris,emmylou harris quotes,emmylou harris quote,emmylou harris sayings,emmylou harris saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You know, I'm a fan of Laurie Anderson. One of my favorite records is 'The Ugly One With the Jewels,' a spoken-word record. It's an extraordinary album.''' ,'''There's a certain grace in accepting what your life is and embracing all the good things that have been - but there's still an expectation of good things to come. Not necessarily what you expected.''' ,'''I look at my voice and my abilities as a gift. I don't feel that I can even take any credit for it, but it's such a huge presence in my life. It is my life. It's my identity, it's everything. And it's given me a great deal of joy and a sense of purpose - I can't imagine my life without it.''' ,'''Well, I've always been eclectic.''' ,'''As anyone who goes into dog-rescue knows, it is not a for-profit business, but the rewards are priceless for me.''' ,'''Well, I'm just very blessed that I still love my work and I can still work, I still have an audience and I love what I do.''' ,'''My parents were not very happy. They were very worried about me pursuing a career that even if I had talent might not give me the happiness and the success that they - any parent hopes for their child.''' ,'''I have just enough people paying attention that I have the freedom to be in charge. And I have a great record company - Nonesuch understands what I'm about.''' ,'''If I'm crazy, I'm blissfully so!''' ,'''To me acting and singing are worlds apart.''' ,'''I think musicians are always very generous in promoting anything good they hear. It's just kind of in our nature.''' ,'''I'm blessed to be able to work at something that I'm good at, and that I love. It's not something I take for granted.''' ,'''You really do learn every day with every dog; they are all so unique and different. But if you're patient and you understand where they're coming from, and if you are consistent, they will be fine. They teach you to give your full attention.''' ,'''I have my own biography of Gram Parsons - I don't want to be part of somebody else's.''' ,'''I love Chicago, but I didn't think I had enough soul to be a Cubs fan.''' ,'''As citizens we have to be more thoughtful and more educated and more informed. I turn on the TV and I see these grown people screaming at each other, and I think, well, if we don't get our civility back, we're in trouble.''' ,'''I don't ever worry about whether I'm being true to my country roots. My country roots were adopted. I never worry about what I can do and what I should do. I just do what I want to do.''' ,'''Country taught me how to sing, it put me on a path. But I was never going to be locked into a formula. I don't want to be considered a current country artist.''' ,'''Animals have a much better attitude to life and death than we do. They know when their time has come. We are the ones that suffer when they pass, but it's a healing kind of grief that enables us to deal with other griefs that are not so easy to grab hold of.''' ,'''I have to have a guitar sitting around. I sing in the shower. I sing around the house. The music comes secondary. The lyrics come first.''' ,'''I'm even able to have kind of a little bit of a second career in dog rescue. Doesn't pay anything, but it's become a real passion for me.''' ,'''When there are dogs and music, people have a good time.''' ,'''Every life is precious.''' ,'''Bluegrass has a very, very strict musical form. Once you start to dilute it, it disappears.''' ,'''You get to a certain point in your life where you get closer to the end of your life than the beginning, and it colors your life, in a way.''' ,'''I like to think about stringing songs together like a string of pearls, or a string of beads, but ultimately it has to be stuff that really works with the band, and gives a spin to the older material.''' ,'''The only time I ever appeared in the 'Enquirer' was for a piece about people who let their hair grow gray. I guess I'm not much of a wild child.''' ,'''I'm not a trained musician. When folks talk about 'Well, you go to this or that' - the tenor, or the third part - I don't really know what they're talking about.''' ,'''In 1974 I was trying to get my first little band together. That year marked kind of a traumatic point in my life, but I had a lot of support from friends and family and a lot of good things ended up coming out of it.''' ,'''I was a folk singer who became totally over the edge with country music. I found my voice and style working with Gram Parsons. I learned how to listen to George Jones records and the Louvin Brothers.''' ,'''I find with records, they become what they're going to become. They take on a power and a direction of their own. Part of making records is to honor that and not try to force it.''' ,'''I really have shaken hands with where my voice is right now. I think it's got a little deeper; it's got some more grooves in it.''' ,'''I'm nowhere with country music. I don't hear much of it, so I shouldn't venture an opinion, but when it finds me, it seems formulaic.''' ,'''I'm very influenced by landscapes, not so much the way places look as the way the names sound. In this country we've got so many cultures, and the place names - the Spanish names and the Indian names, which are so incredibly musical.''' ,'''I didn't have any money. I had a sense of terrible loss. But what I also had was a fire in my belly. I wasn't going to go back to waiting tables. I felt I had to be better at fronting a band.''' ,'''Yes, I always say that we're a National League band. What I mean is, if you play an instrument, you have to sing. So I always call our drummer up. Even the drummer has to take a turn on the microphone.''' ,'''You meet a lot of people and have a lot of experiences, and they color you and stay with you - but I'm not the grieving widow. Life is much more complicated and interesting and full of zigs and zags than that.''' ,'''Pretty much all I say politically is I encourage people to register to vote.''' ,'''Somehow, when you think about yourself in old age, you think you're going to be this completely different person that you don't even recognize - because you can't imagine it, you know?''' ,'''I think I can be pretty focused, but as I say, it was more wanting to be the good student, seeing myself as a good student, and also, my parents had expectations. They wouldn't have cared if I got a B or a C or even a D.''' ,]
+++