+++
author = "Alex Horne"
title = "Alex Horne Quotes"
quotes_len = "76"
description = "the best 76 Alex Horne Quotes"
keywords = "alex horne,alex horne quotes,alex horne quote,alex horne sayings,alex horne saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was inspired by 'Bootylicious' being able to scale the dictionary walls thanks to just one individual, Beyonce. But Beyonce has the world's ears, so what I had to do was to work my word - which is 'honk', as slang for money, really really hard.''' ,'''Somebody said 'I've got a task here, can you give it to my girlfriend?' And in the task it said 'Marry me'. It was really emotional and really odd, but that sort of thing's happened a few times, weirdly.''' ,'''The most successful people in comedy do seem to be the most funny.''' ,'''I haven't had nightmares for some time, but growing up 'Grotbags' certainly haunted my dreams.''' ,'''I definitely think everyone's competitive on some level, there's virtually no-one who hasn't cared at some point about something they've done.''' ,'''I've always felt more scrutinized. It's definitely not bullying, because you can see how much I enjoy it.''' ,'''I live in a small village on the Norfolk coast, far from the Edinburgh festival.''' ,'''Mark Watson and Paul Sinha have been exactly the same - very, very clever, and very, very thick.''' ,'''I really enjoyed Paul Sinha. He's from 'The Chase.' As you imagine, he's intelligent. But that doesn't mean he's got any common sense at all.''' ,'''I've got two brothers and there was a male dog and two male cats and every family we knew had three boys. Great for us, slightly less great for my mum.''' ,'''I have pretty unsophisticated tastes; I enjoy the videos on 'You've Been Framed' a lot - I don't think there's much that's funnier than people falling over. I prefer that to Bill Hicks.''' ,'''We definitely don't do everyone's tasks in the same order and that's quite useful. On someone's first day they might do it somewhat differently to how they'd do it on their last day because they become a different person by the end - they don't trust us anymore.''' ,'''I nearly always wear a boring suit but I do sometimes furnish the with long dangly earrings or belly button jewelry.''' ,'''I can't stand jazz.''' ,'''I had piano lessons for six months and got nowhere.''' ,'''I used to work in 'Big Brother' in the third series, I was a logger, which was the worst of all jobs, you had to sit and watch what happens and type it into a computer.''' ,'''We had one task where we had a yoga mat on a big hill and told them to get three yoga balls at the bottom of the hill onto the mat. We didn't think that one of them would bring the yoga mat down to where the balls were, so that was a reminder that sometimes these comedians can be smarter than us.''' ,''''Bring Me The Head of The Taskmaster' is a unique chance for one person to prove they are the ultimate Tasker. This interactive book is more than just a spin off, it provides a unique 'Taskmaster' experience into which you can dive and then swim around in search of treasure.''' ,'''I don't know if you saw, in the first 'Celebrity Big Brother,' Jack Dee was in it, and tried to escape by digging a hole with a spoon. That just made me think: that approach would be perfect on 'Taskmaster' - trying to achieve something impossible with something mundane.''' ,'''Kids make the best audiences. They're like drunk people - they don't mind telling you exactly what they think.''' ,'''People are very quick to go, 'What is this nonsense?' if they've not seen something before and it's a bit different.''' ,'''I get people using my admin skills to try to basically plan their wedding or stag night. They say, 'Can you just come up with six tasks for us on our hen night?'''' ,'''We try not to think, 'right, we need someone who is a weirdo, someone who is competitive.' We definitely want five very different brains, but it normally starts with one person. For example, with series five, we asked Bob Mortimer because he is one of my absolute heroes and we sort of built it around him.''' ,'''Mine is slightly ginger and patchy so it's not really a hipster beard.''' ,'''I've got children and I wanted to impress them and show them what I do for a living, do something that they understand and enjoy.''' ,'''I don't have courage in my convictions and I'm not interested in serious things or politics: if you're doing an hour of standup, you should talk about a few serious things.''' ,'''I'm a big 'Countdown' fan.''' ,'''Comedy is getting more diverse - you can do anything on a stage now. It doesn't have to be just one man and a mic.''' ,'''Eleven years ago, my wife and I had had a baby, so I didn't go to Edinburgh Fringe for the first time in years. Tim Key won the comedy award and I was sat at home with the baby feeling very jealous, genuinely.''' ,'''And in real life, I'm actually quite authoritative and strict.''' ,'''I am almost incredible at table football. It's nothing to be proud of.''' ,'''If you're a comedian, you can only really write jokes for about an hour a day, so you've got a lot of time to fill.''' ,'''I have children so I couldn't shave it off; my dad shaved his beard off once and we all disowned him. My wife's dad shaved his off and they freaked out. I think if you have kids, getting rid of a beard is bad.''' ,'''I've been sent somebody's heart in a jar. At that point, you're thinking, I'm not sure if I should be opening this!''' ,'''It's nice not to have to talk about children all the time.''' ,'''Katherine Parkinson has got a classics degree from Cambridge yet is an idiot - in the best possible way.''' ,'''I'm sometimes skeptical about Netflix - for no reason that I can put my finger on - but when you stumble upon a series and it delights you for ten nights in a row, that's a good feeling for a week and a half and a bit.''' ,'''I'm quite proud that my bird-feeders are always full.''' ,'''When I created 'Taskmaster,' it was never meant to be suitable for family Christmases. The host, Greg Davies, is a sweary giant, the comedians are often uncouth and the show was on late-night TV.''' ,'''The Fringe is by far my favorite time of year; I like everything about it. But there are people I know who are much more successful than me who don't enjoy it.''' ,'''I'm a jazz musician in that I have achieved Grade 3 on the French horn.''' ,'''I get asked, on a sort of daily basis, 'It's my wife's 30th birthday, can you set her a task?'''' ,'''New shows do tend to be eaten up by Twitter.''' ,'''It's one thing looking up your own book in a library, but imagine being able to look up your own word in the dictionary.''' ,'''I do like the word 'juggernaut.'''' ,'''The first year I was in Edinburgh in 1999 I got six parking tickets.''' ,'''It would be amazing if we got someone like Sarah Silverman on the show, not having a script and just being herself. That's the best part of doing this show: just having funny people being funny.''' ,'''There's lots of people I'd be keen to see doing things, someone like Jack Dee.''' ,'''Peter Crouch has been my hero for fifteen years, Maya Jama is a superstar and I am a mild-mannered bandleader with a motley troupe of absurdly talented musicians at my disposal - if those aren't the ingredients for a delicious post-football entertainment dish then we're all doomed.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Greg's in that he just turns up and is the Taskmaster straight away. He really enjoys the role and is very natural at it.''' ,'''One of the things we're really proud of is that every single task is different, even if there are similarities. You never know what's coming up next.''' ,'''People are a lot less weird than they might seem.''' ,'''My wife works odd hours as a journalist for breakfast radio.''' ,'''Having live musicians in a comedy show adds a frisson.''' ,'''We're not ashamed of the old stuff, but when you look back at the posters it does make you think: 'My God, six men and one woman.' Weirdly we didn't say 'that's wrong' and no one else did, either. It's been a really quick shift in the landscape of telly, which is brilliant.''' ,'''I really love the BBC, and my wife works for them, and they've given me lots of work!''' ,'''I never watched 'The Godfather' and it seems too late now. The same happened with 'The Sopranos,' 'The Wire' and 'Peaky Blinders.' I don't know if they can be compared but they feel to me like they had a lot of male violence that I'm not massively into.''' ,'''There's a sort of unwritten rule that the more elaborate the task is, the less likely it is to work. If we spend a lot of money on a big prop, it almost certainly won't make it.''' ,'''I'm very bad when it comes to finances.''' ,'''TV is so expensive to make and these channels aren't necessarily rolling in money, that getting anything off the ground... they can't take that many risks.''' ,'''I had a brief stint as 'People's Journalist' for the West Sussex Gazette; I'd do golden-wedding anniversaries and pet deaths. I was always looking for an angle; it wasn't great.''' ,'''If somebody does a task really badly, then that's better for us than if they do it really well. We always tell people when they get back to the green room after doing a task that they've cocked up, 'You've actually really won that task, because people remember them more than the geniuses.' No one likes the clever people.''' ,'''I'm getting into single malt whisky.''' ,'''Greg never knows anything I'm going to say before the show, so when he's reacting to me it's completely off the cuff and we obviously never know what the contestants are going to say at any point.''' ,'''Of course you can't go wrong with Daniel Kitson.''' ,'''I love 'Takeshi's Castle.'''' ,'''I'm a quarter Scottish but that's not enough to warrant wearing a kilt at any point in my life.''' ,'''Sometimes the person furthest away from the audience doesn't connect with them as much.''' ,'''Australians are particularly competitive.''' ,'''I do quite often thank Frank Skinner because he agreed to do the very first series and that was a real stamp of approval.''' ,'''Sharks - I'm sure they're going to get me one day.''' ,'''I used to work as a logger, which is the lowest of the low, you just had to type up what happens.''' ,'''You know that film 'Tag' with Ed Helms? It's about these American friends who have this ongoing game of Tag. The movie's not brilliant but it's a really nice true story.''' ,'''I love seeing Mark Steel or Mark Thomas, but I'm not that sort of person.''' ,'''I quite enjoy that, seeing people get tetchy.''' ,''''Hometasking' was genuinely a team effort. Because we were all in lockdown and didn't have anything to do, the team watched lots of videos and passed them on to me. It was a really nice way to spend a few months and feel like you're actually helping other people.''' ,]
+++