+++
author = "Guy Oseary"
title = "Guy Oseary Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Guy Oseary Quotes"
keywords = "guy oseary,guy oseary quotes,guy oseary quote,guy oseary sayings,guy oseary saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Most people are blown away by the fact that Beck is Jewish... and Billy Joel. I didn't know he was Jewish.''' ,'''The labels are in a jam. For a company to do well in music now, it's got to be in all aspects of the business. And Live Nation is the risk-taker. It's leading the charge.''' ,'''Didn't Lionel Richie just make a country album? No one is giving him a hard time... and God bless him - I love Lionel and should be able to do what he wants to do, like Madonna should, too. Both are having success and I applaud them. If you don't like it, don't buy it. The ageism criticism is getting old.''' ,'''Bob Dylan is the Jew of all time.''' ,'''Dance music is Madonna's base. It's what she likes, it's what she listens to. It's not anything other than that. She doesn't read what's on the charts. And if it's on time, great. This is who she is.''' ,'''I welcome viagogo's fresh approach to the entertainment industry and I look forward to helping them build more innovative partnerships in the future.''' ,'''I've got one outlet now - music - and it's great to be able to sign someone that excites me. I'd like to also be able to do that with the scripts I get or books or TV shows... I'm not going to limit myself.''' ,'''I am an Israeli-born American citizen.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of Geffen records. Everything about them - their artists, their videos, their marketing.''' ,'''I'm a people person, very approachable. I go out every night, tons of functions. I love all facets of this industry... Music, film, TV, books, art. I love being around creative people.''' ,'''I wanted to be involved in music and I felt I needed to get in quick. I didn't want to spend four years in college and then hope for the best. I gave myself a year, which is why I kept pushing people for a chance. I literally felt my whole life was in the balance. Music was my life, and I was scared of having time pass by and missing my chance.''' ,'''One of the things that I've learned working with Madonna is you just move forward. It's really rare that she ever brings up the past.''' ,'''The new independent spirit at Warner Music is a perfect fit for a stand-alone label like Maverick.''' ,]
+++