+++
author = "Peter Marino"
title = "Peter Marino Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Peter Marino Quotes"
keywords = "peter marino,peter marino quotes,peter marino quote,peter marino sayings,peter marino saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm really a fighter against modernism equaling brutalism.''' ,'''I collect art like other people eat pizza. I can't get enough of it. I need a constant source of inspiration.''' ,'''Creating work for the time that one lives in means no retro thinking. It can and hopefully does mean timelessness.''' ,'''Nine out of nine architects start with a sketch, and then they say, 'What should we make it out of?' I start from the bottom up - what should it be made out of - and then I worry about what should it look like. The material, the color of the material, the way it feels, and the way you respond to it is every bit as valid as the form or the shape.''' ,'''My name is on the door, and I care very much about the design that gets put out. I'm sorry, but it has to be my way. You learn that by working for people like I. M. Pei. You think he isn't a design tyrant? Is Calvin Klein a tyrant? When it came to his dresses, he had to be.''' ,'''Universal human characteristics are a good base for great art.''' ,'''Not enough people enjoy working with color, which delights and inspires me.''' ,'''My father's house was on East 55th Street on 1st and 2nd Avenues. I'm fifth-generation Marino in the East 50s - I live on 57th Street. I can't be more East 50s.''' ,'''I loathe when architects only analyze architecture in intellectual, nonvisual ways. I really love direct response, and that's very pop. I don't want to discuss abstract transparencies with a bunch of kooks.''' ,'''Publicity doesn't really get me anything. Clients are not going to hire me for a $100 million building because I have a brand. They really want the product.''' ,'''In 1991, if someone came in with a $1 million budget for a boutique, I would have fainted. Nobody spent even half that. But now, the bar has risen very high.''' ,'''That was really the Fifties for me - that whole spirit of flicking the paint on the canvas.''' ,'''I have this 'Alice in Wonderland' idea in my head that a garden should be a place of wonderment.''' ,'''Architects have big egos. We like to think we're creating the pyramids and they're going to be around for thousands of years. And it's a joke because they're not even going to last our lifetime. I built a home for umpteen gazillion dollars on a gorgeous piece of property in Palm Beach, and 11 years later somebody else bought it and knocked it down.''' ,'''I always look for inspiration, and the creativity of artists is an essential element to my life, my work, and my happiness.''' ,'''People in Shanghai make a lot more money than the farmers in the rice paddies. The rice-paddy farmers are not buying Louis Vuitton bags, but the upwardly mobile ones in Shanghai, who are all working in Wall Street-type firms, are infinitely better-dressed than people in the West. Their women take this fashion thing seriously.''' ,'''I want to be the first person to animate bags - everything done for handbags bores me to tears - I want to make it more playful.''' ,'''One of my first fashion clients was Calvin Klein. We did his first freestanding stores. He was very exact and precise. But talk about high-fashion people who brand themselves!''' ,'''I believe that women would crawl across broken glass to get a cool pair of shoes.''' ,'''If something's a high-margin product, I understand its importance to the store.''' ,'''We have a thousand hydrangea plants bordering the house, and they were all supposed to be pink, but a handful of them keep turning purple.''' ,'''Ginza! Where I've done two Chanel towers and Louis Vuitton and Dior stores. I just feel at home there.''' ,'''I do really modern with materials that are so luxurious that they're, like, baroque.''' ,'''Koishikawa Korakuen Garden - one of Tokyo's oldest Japanese gardens, and one of the best spots for viewing the cherry blossoms.''' ,'''I don't sell anything. So, I have a personal image, but I think that's because I'm from an art background, and I'm an artist, and I think most artists do have personal images. I consider myself more in that category of the way an artist had a look.''' ,'''I don't talk about myself in the third person. When I start doing that, you'll know I'm having an out-of-body experience.''' ,'''What frustrates me is florists who put everything at the same size on the table. I like it when there's mountains and valleys.''' ,'''There's a very important aspect to all my work, now more than ever, which is tying the interior design and architecture with the art.''' ,'''All bronzes are made to be touched. Bronze is a sensual 'living' material. The sweat and oil of your palms adds to the patination.''' ,'''Design-wise, I look at everything. If I don't personally design it, I'll review it. I'm kind of creative director of the firm.''' ,'''The French use gardens to show grandeur and the English to show how things have endured for hundreds of years, but for me, they're all about fantasy.''' ,'''It's a good marriage because each of us is what we are, allows the other one to be themselves, and appreciates each other for the right reason. You know, it's rare that you'll find two people who don't try to change the other person and let everyone be what they are.''' ,'''I am very happy working for my European brands. My legacy isn't going to be a museum. Yet I would be very good at it. It's so painful. It's like everything - the same old guys - Herzog & de Meuron, Frank Gehry, Renzo Piano - they don't pick original people.''' ,'''My parents spent a lot of money so I wouldn't sound like I came from Queens. I went to speech class.''' ,'''Anytime I see an unusual combination of colors or patterns or texture, I buy it.''' ,'''When I opened Chanel in London, they were happy. People would go, 'Oh, I just came in to see it. It's so beautiful.' And you leave with a positive attitude toward the brand. Now, you don't really get that online. You don't go, like, 'Wow.'''' ,'''I've benefited enormously from an arts education and a music education in New York. When they cut the programs for funding, I was devastated.''' ,'''I simply loathe the crude 1960s distinctions between commerce and art. For me, Warhol and pop obliterated all of those separations - that was the whole point of the Brillo Boxes and Campbell's Soup Cans. And believe it or not, in 2009, moronic journalists are still saying to me, 'Your work is so commercial.'''' ,'''I like more the fact that I like to think out of the box. Thinking out of the box goes along with dressing out of the box and living out of the box.''' ,'''Motorcycle garb is the way I looked to Warhol. Then came the Armani suits.''' ,'''If I need a pair of tennis shorts, I'll buy them online. I don't really care. Not going to go and try on a pair and see how my bum looks. Who cares? But for things that you care about - I mean, a jacket and a pair of trousers, you've got to try them on.''' ,'''The Peninsula - it's a combination of great service and good design.''' ,'''If you want to come up with a really original design idea, and you want to capture a whole new design direction, perhaps the best way to arrive at that is not by acting and thinking and doing like everybody else. That's all.''' ,'''I work 12 hours a day, seven days a week - and I love it. I'm creative. I feel fulfilled. I'm from a solidly lower-middle-class background; I'm not from the world that I'm in now. So I appreciate it a lot. I've really got a rich, full life.''' ,'''I got into architecture via fine arts, and I was a sculptor myself, and I have always involved artists in my projects. When I say 'involved,' I mean I always bring artists in at the beginning projects before they're built and say, 'Will you do a room? Will you do a sculpture floating in mid-air? Will you make a chimney? Will you do something?'''' ,]
+++