+++
author = "Hubert Burda"
title = "Hubert Burda Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Hubert Burda Quotes"
keywords = "hubert burda,hubert burda quotes,hubert burda quote,hubert burda sayings,hubert burda saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The 'spirit of Davos' has definitely achieved a thing or two.''' ,'''Journalists must not be made accomplices by the secret service to solve its own problems.''' ,'''Davos is my university.''' ,'''Everything that exists is information, and everything that is informative also exists. The infosphere is not a virtual space that is distinct from the real world. Rather, the world itself is increasingly being considered an information space and part of the infosphere.''' ,'''Humankind is getting more and more connected.''' ,'''Frank Schirrmacher's passing is a great loss. Among the intellectuals, he, along with Friedrich Kittler, was the only one who understood the philosophical dimensions of the Internet.''' ,'''The risk of pollution exists for the infosphere as it does for the atmosphere. Freedom of the infosphere should thus become a law, and the Bible needs to have an 11th commandment: Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's data.''' ,'''Everything has gotten less expensive. Digitization has made content, whether it's print or music, less costly. Today, anyone can read the news for free online.''' ,'''Almost no one wants to admit the genius of Jeff Bezos and Amazon. Apparently, many have failed to see that Amazon has become the world's biggest retail company.''' ,'''I think that the Internet and print behave in a complementary manner.''' ,'''The way communication works is changing.''' ,'''When Arianna Huffington founded 'The Huffington Post' in 2005, a whole new era of journalism began.''' ,'''The mobile business in particular is something we must take seriously. I see tremendous prospects for all those transactions that can be handled on mobile phones.''' ,'''We are the only living creatures who can create a context, and as far as we know, everything else can only follow a context, without recognizing the context as such. Herein lies the source of creativity and the genuinely new.''' ,'''Younger generations in particular, who have spent a great deal of time in information environments since they were small children, would feel like a fish out of water if they were shut out of the global stream of information.''' ,'''Technologies that exist between man and nature in a simple form and those that enable the interaction with other technologies are becoming significantly more complex and create their own information systems.''' ,'''Online advertising works, although it lands especially on search engines like Google and Yahoo. They achieve much higher revenues online than the websites of publishing companies.''' ,'''A communication highway without content is inconceivable.''' ,]
+++