+++
author = "Lorrie Fair"
title = "Lorrie Fair Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Lorrie Fair Quotes"
keywords = "lorrie fair,lorrie fair quotes,lorrie fair quote,lorrie fair sayings,lorrie fair saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''UNC symbolizes something special. When you get chills you know you belong here.''' ,'''The China game was the best because it took the effort of everyone on the team to survive 120 minutes.''' ,'''That doll looks more like a black man than me.''' ,'''It's all a matter of how agents want to handle their clients.''' ,'''I do feel we have several great keepers on this team. We just need to get them that experience.''' ,'''This season is my most special and most cherished. All my focus is on getting that championship back here.''' ,'''Everywhere you look these days you see Carolina athletes.''' ,'''The national team comes before everything.''' ,'''I'm little, but I love big things.''' ,'''The fact that the games were so close was a tribute to the level of skill in the World Cup.''' ,'''Some people asked me if it was going to be a downer to come back and play on a college team after playing on a world championship team, and I don't think they understand what it is like to play here.''' ,'''Even if you have a bad game, you have to swallow your pride and sign. It takes a little time, but it makes the kids happy. And it makes you feel good, too.''' ,'''I don't know if there are words to describe my motivation.''' ,'''They are always telling us that Carolina Blue is not a color, that it is really Columbia blue or sky blue. But there is no bad blood amongst the teammates. All of our kidding is in good fun.''' ,'''Getting a chance to practice six months against my own teammates, who I consider the best soccer players in the world, there's no way I couldn't improve.''' ,'''Here at Carolina, our World Cup opponents marked their calendars. Obviously the other nations wanted to win every game, but a big upset over the U.S. was something we knew other teams would cherish.''' ,'''Sometimes I come home and still can't believe it's all mine.''' ,'''Michael Jordan always wore his Carolina shorts under his Bulls' uniform.''' ,'''I think there is a special bond between Carolina athletes. A lot of people seem to wear our gear because it is fashionable. They love the colors. It's Michael Jordan's school!''' ,'''Everybody thought I was crazy. They thought I should take the money and run. But there was just something special about being a senior at Chapel Hill. I just couldn't leave.''' ,'''If my soccer career were over, I would still come here because of the people. And despite the fact I've had to skip some school for National Team purposes, I am looking forward to holding that Carolina degree as soon as I can get my hands on it.''' ,'''It's flattering if people think I'm attractive. If it helps, great, but it's not going to get in the way of me wanting to win. That's what I'm all about.''' ,'''I don't know if you could take a whole 90 minutes and say that was the best game we ever played.''' ,'''I think UNC and Lorrie Fair is a perfect match.''' ,'''We knew it was going to be the biggest event scheduled in the history of women's sports, but we didn't ever fathom we would be playing before sold-out stadiums all over the country.''' ,]
+++