+++
author = "Daniel Dubois"
title = "Daniel Dubois Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Daniel Dubois Quotes"
keywords = "daniel dubois,daniel dubois quotes,daniel dubois quote,daniel dubois sayings,daniel dubois saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've got confidence in myself. I know what I can do.''' ,'''But I always had in built strength. I used to do like push ups for three hours. It's building up that core fitness and stamina.''' ,'''I believe I am world class and it is only a matter of time before I am up there with the big names. I am a man on a mission and not going to be stopped.''' ,'''All these other heavyweights are great challenges for me. But they have had their time - and I need to be 100 per cent ready for these fighters - but I don't fear any of them.''' ,'''Life as a pro is definitely an individual sport. Thankfully that's how I've always been so I like it that way.''' ,'''I feel like, as boxers, we're not like normal people. After a while doing this, you get that buzz. It can be wild and out of control. I have to try to control myself. That's what boxing is about - control.''' ,'''I can match any of the fastest heavyweights out there and I am ready for a fight.''' ,'''Against any fighter out there I'd back myself 100 per cent. I don't care who you are, what title you've got. Once we're in the ring I'm just going to perform to the best of my ability, go out and give it all I've got.''' ,'''It's pretty much the same routine every day. Come in Monday, bags and running. I like to get a run up in the morning with my brother and my sister and when I come in I'll do another one.''' ,'''I definitely like the green belt. That's the best belt in my opinion.''' ,'''By the time 2020 comes around I expect to be world heavyweight champion.''' ,'''I just want to be a prizefighter.''' ,'''To go in the record books as British champion is something else and a step towards being top of the division.''' ,'''Boxing is full of chances and it's easy throwing a shot, it's about landing it at the precise time.''' ,'''I've got world championship potential; I'm out there to be the best fighter I can be.''' ,'''I don't have an iPhone or anything. There's no TV. It's so easy to become distracted.''' ,'''It's good when you get to travel and see different places. I went with Alexander Povetkin, who fought Anthony Joshua, to Russia and stayed in Moscow for a bit.''' ,'''When I'm in a ring, I'm there to hurt you. That's the objective in a fight. Your wellbeing is not my concern.''' ,'''So much of boxing is to do with your mental state. Evander Holyfield talks about spirit. I definitely have that spirit and feel like I've got something special inside me. It's about me bringing it out, controlling it and using it to become world champion.''' ,'''It's great to win the British title. I wanted to control the fight behind my jab and then land the right hand.''' ,'''Every challenge brings something different and I get better each time I fight.''' ,'''Boxing is my calling and so I have no fear of getting hurt.''' ,'''Every fight is a learning fight, there is a lot to improve on.''' ,'''I got time, I'm only 21, I've got room to learn and grow as a fighter.''' ,'''I want to be 100 per cent ready when they call on me and throw me in with the top dogs of the division.''' ,'''I wanted to defend my British Title but no one would step up to fight me.''' ,'''I did javelin, swimming, long distance running. But the reason I did these other sports was because of boxing. I didn't want to get sidetracked.''' ,'''Not a lot of guys wanted to get in the ring with me.''' ,'''Breakfast is just a bit of porridge, nothing that will upset the stomach.''' ,'''It's only my first year in the pros but I feel like I've been here a while now, I feel like a veteran already.''' ,'''You'll get shown up in the ring if you're not 100 per cent at all times.''' ,'''On a week night I'll be with the family. I've got a six-year-old brother, Solomon, he's gonna be a boxer for sure, a world champion in the making. We talk boxing and just bounce off each other's energy.''' ,'''I try and put in a weights section one day a week. I'd go to a different gym and work with a different coach: squatting, bench press, dead lifts. Just basic work. Pull-ups. Ground work. A lot of sit-ups and a lot of push-ups.''' ,'''I'm not a trash talker, I like to do all my talking with my fists in the ring.''' ,'''I won't train on the day of the fight but I'll stretch, stay loose, and then I'll meditate.''' ,'''No fighter will ever get under my skin. There's no chance of that happening. I've been in this game for far too long to fall for that.''' ,'''There are no friends in boxing, I've said that from day one.''' ,'''I pretty much know when people are talking rubbish and when they're serious. It's common in boxing, rubbish.''' ,'''Honestly, I've not looked too deeply into my opponent, he's just another fighter. From my side, I've just got to win and win in style.''' ,'''I've got to take measured steps and avoid the pitfalls. Life in general has pitfalls, but being a boxer there's even more.''' ,'''I feel ready to fight all of them now, the very best, including Deontay Wilder, Tyson Fury, Anthony Joshua and Dillian Whyte, but I know my dad, my trainer Martin Bowers, and my promoter Frank Warren don't want to rush me through the ranks.''' ,'''People have just said about me so far that I'm just a big puncher, but I showed that I can command a fight behind my jab, which is the foundation of all good boxing.''' ,]
+++