+++
author = "Tommy Lee Jones"
title = "Tommy Lee Jones Quotes"
quotes_len = "84"
description = "the best 84 Tommy Lee Jones Quotes"
keywords = "tommy lee jones,tommy lee jones quotes,tommy lee jones quote,tommy lee jones sayings,tommy lee jones saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Al Gore has been one of my closest friends since the day we met, on the first day of college, 35 years ago.''' ,'''My home town is very small and very remote and we don't have a movie house.''' ,'''I've worked in the film business for 45 years, and I want to keep on growing as a filmmaker. I want to see my visual life grow and be increasingly effective in this world.''' ,'''The tactic of leading people into... a war that doesn't make any sense by telling them they are under attack, and if they raise any objection they're unpatriotic, is a very old tactic. And it doesn't intimidate me.''' ,'''I probably watch less than one hour of television a week. And when I do watch television, it's usually a football game. Sometimes I'll watch a news broadcast for a few minutes. Otherwise, I don't have time.''' ,'''Cormac McCarthy's language is perfect. He is in my view the greatest living American prose stylist.''' ,'''I don't need much of a character in my life. I've already got one; my family knows who I am, and I don't have a reason to make an impression on the world around me unless it's in a professional context. Acting is not a personal experience; it's a job.''' ,'''I have worked on very good movies that have been buried, and I've worked on some resounding mediocrities that have been paraded through the marketplace like they were masterpieces.''' ,'''In the political world, the only position I have is voter. I'm not a spokesman for anything.''' ,'''No director wants to be directed, but no good director... would shy away from the good ideas of others.''' ,'''I haven't had a lot of comedy come my way as a performer.''' ,'''It's no fun to be a struggling young actor. It's a desperate thing, no way to be happy. If you have any alternative, you should take it.''' ,'''It's important for me as an actor to know the entire script before you start shooting, and especially if you're directing, you don't want to be struggling with anything.''' ,'''I don't do anything that is not fun. I just don't do it.''' ,'''I think that no matter how much you don't like yourself or the drama of your life you can still find some comedy in it.''' ,'''I've never really known what glamour is.''' ,'''Football was a wonderful experience for me. It was a means of, oh, I don't know, sustaining for much of my youth. In times of trouble, I've always had football. I always knew I was a football player. And that was a comfort on many occasions.''' ,'''The world's not a very comfortable place if you have a nightmare to face.''' ,'''I do not have a sense of humor of any recognizable sort.''' ,'''I'm an introspective guy when there's money in it.''' ,'''I personally don't live a nihilistic life, I don't have any use for it.''' ,'''I don't fight anybody anytime or anywhere.''' ,'''If you don't hurt anybody or try to steal anything, you'll be fine in the South.''' ,'''All my life I've had the privilege to make my living with my imagination, and the most important thing has been to see my creative life grow. I was educated to do that and have lived accordingly.''' ,'''It's no mean calling to bring fun into the afternoons of large numbers of people. That, too, is part of my job, and I'm happy to serve when called on.''' ,'''I'm a believer in belief. Faith is something that works - it causes people to do things, it has results. It's an intangible, indefinable, very real thing. And it moves people, sometimes to atrocity. And sometimes to survival.''' ,'''Kindness and politeness are not overrated at all. They're underused.''' ,'''As a child of West Texas, I identify with Hispanic culture every bit as much as I do North American culture.''' ,'''I've made some bad movies. And I really enjoyed it!''' ,'''I'm always happy to have a job.''' ,'''The entire elementary school in Rotan, Texas, presented a theatrical production of 'Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.' And the part of Sneezy fell to me.''' ,'''Normal people with normal problems can be hilarious.''' ,'''You are going to grow up whether you want to or not. It requires no effort.''' ,'''My grandmother grew up in a 19th-century world, and my daughter has grown up in a 21st-century world, and some issues, problems, dilemmas that these women face have not changed.''' ,'''No, I don't think about the myth of the West. It's not the kind of thinking I do. That's more suited to people who live in big towns on the West Coast or East Coast, people who stay under a roof, in a room, all the time.''' ,'''I don't direct movies for a living.''' ,'''I fear other actors who are not prepared. And I fear directors who are afraid.''' ,'''The most important question in American cinema, I've learned, is 'When is lunch?'''' ,'''I try to be as good a director as I possibly can. I try to be prepared, and I hope everyone else is. The preparation, I suppose, means just about everything. Little things mean a lot.''' ,'''As it turns out, my grandmother, my mother, my wife, and my daughter are all women, and I like those people. I'm concerned about the issues that they face in their lives. So I'm a feminist, but that's not all I am.''' ,'''What appeals to me? There are things, points of view, uses of the language, habits of dress, ways of thought and believing that came to me from my grandparents and came to them from theirs. Things that are of good use in any situation, no matter what the future may hold.''' ,'''I always told my children when they whined... Only the boring are bored.''' ,'''I think any thinking person should be worried about climate change.''' ,'''Characters with no integrity are just as interesting as characters with lots of integrity.''' ,'''As an actor to watch an audience of people howl together in a single mind as a result of work you've done together with friends is a privilege.''' ,'''How do you play someone in a movie? How do you do that? It's impossible - unless you know how. How do you cut somebody open and take out their appendix and sew them back up and watch them get well? That's impossible - unless you know how.''' ,'''My education as a filmmaker has been entirely practical. I started working professionally in the film business in 1970, and I've been at it steadily since, and I pay a lot of attention.''' ,'''I'm kind of pleased with myself that I've got a tailor on Savile Row. I'm 68 years old. I deserve it.''' ,'''I think any stereotyping is too much.''' ,'''If military movies were automatically successful we'd make nothing but military movies. But seriously, patriotism is one thing that all Americans have in common.''' ,'''The quality of one's emotional life changes over the years, doesn't it? But the basic instincts and desires, greed and hope, seem to remain constant. In the larger scope of things, there's a sense of fulfillment to living a creative life. So I guess that's what keeps me going.''' ,'''I haven't a clue if there is life on other planets but I'd be charmed if we found a unicellular organism on Mars. It would change our whole concept of life on Earth.''' ,'''If you want to know about my politics, the only way to do that is to look at my work.''' ,'''I don't have a favorite genre. I think 'genre' is a literary term. I don't have a favorite kind or type of movie. I like the ones that are good.''' ,'''You know, I don't really think you have to play nice guys.''' ,'''I'm a hedonist.''' ,'''I want to photograph what I see and put it in a dramatic context. I'm an actor and a writer, and I want to tell these stories and present these shapes, colors and movements as I see them, as I see them serve a narrative. As I see that narrative serve an audience. That's what I want to do.''' ,'''Ethnic stereotypes are boring and stressful and sometimes criminal. It's just not a good way to think. It's non-thinking. It's stupid and destructive.''' ,'''Partnerships are good engines for narrative.''' ,'''I play characters, and I try to play them in a manner that's appropriate to the script. Physical movement and vitality of language is part of character.''' ,'''In the course of American history, great steps are taken by ordinary people, and ordinary people are not perfect.''' ,'''I don't get it. If you're saying, Tommy Lee, you don't fit the image of the East Coast, social elitist wealthy people who comprise Harvard, the only thing I can say is you have no idea what comprises Harvard.''' ,'''Acting is fun for me and it doesn't really matter how, whether it's hard work or easy work, it's always fun.''' ,'''I don't play just villains. I like to have parts that are not simply villains.''' ,'''I look upon pride as a sin.''' ,'''I know a lot of cowboys and I've done a little work on ranches with cattle, and those people become your friends, and keep their word.''' ,'''I want to make movies about my country from my point of view.''' ,'''I still think probably the only thing I'm suited for is being a boy from Texas.''' ,'''I've worked with more than 50 directors ,and I've paid attention since day one. That's pretty much been my education, apart from studying art history and shooting with my own cameras. I've seen 50 different sets of mistakes and 50 different ways of achieving. You just leave the bad part out.''' ,'''If you look at how people use the term 'western,' you can only conclude that it means a movie that has big hats and horses. And if you really want to sound like you've been thinking, then you'll use a term like 'genre.' But all the hell it seems to mean is big hats and horses. Which is not all that deeply analytical.''' ,'''There's an undeniable tradition of sexism in this country that ties into the move westward by people of European descent and different ways of looking at Manifest Destiny on the west side of the Mississippi River.''' ,'''You should never ask a horse or an actor to do something they cannot do. Wisdom will teach you to find out what they can do and then make it easy for them.''' ,'''I like to make movies on the west side of the Mississippi River, and a lot of times, the movies I direct have horses and big hats in them and get called westerns, but that's okay. I used to resent that, but I don't anymore.''' ,'''My idea in terms of managing a narrative, or in thinking in my creative life, is that you could easily argue that the past, the present and the future all occur simultaneously, and if you can postulate that, then you're not strictly bound to a linear narrative.''' ,'''I enjoy acting more and more than when I was 17.''' ,'''I felt like the luckiest kid in the world because God had put me on the ground in Texas. I actually felt sorry for those poor little kids that had to be born in Oklahoma or England or some place. I knew I was living in the best place in the world.''' ,'''I have nothing against interviews. I don't pursue them. When people I work for deem it appropriate, I'm perfectly willing to serve.''' ,'''I don't think I would describe my sense of humor. Doesn't sound like the kind of thing I'd do.''' ,'''I've worked with some very good directors and some very bad ones. I learned a great deal from both. From the bad, untalented people, you learn what not to do. And when you work with very highly talented people, you want to emulate them.''' ,'''I don't analyze things like titles.''' ,'''As an actor I want to do as many takes as I can. I wanna shoot the scene... or shoot the shot 'til they make me quit.''' ,'''You can't instruct an audience to laugh, but what you can do is read well and understand the spirit and subtleties, if there are any, in the dialogue.''' ,'''I love cinema.''' ,'''Human beings are glorious and preposterous characters.''' ,]
+++