+++
author = "Autumn Reeser"
title = "Autumn Reeser Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Autumn Reeser Quotes"
keywords = "autumn reeser,autumn reeser quotes,autumn reeser quote,autumn reeser sayings,autumn reeser saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am terrified of submarines.''' ,'''I love to simplify and edit the contents of just about anything, but women's closets hold particular appeal to me. I edit mine about four times a year and hold a yearly 'clothing swap' to encourage my girlfriends to do the same.''' ,'''Wil Wheaton, Patrick Stewart and Jonathan Frakes were all the early formidable crushes of my girlhood.''' ,'''I think a lot of actors, we underprepare emotionally for how intense pilot season can be. And we underprepare the people around us, our support system. So when it starts taking up more time than you expect it to, we feel guilty.''' ,'''I like playing smart women very, very much because I definitely learn from them.''' ,'''I've been acting since I was 7, and I always knew it was what I wanted to go into.''' ,'''I love being a mom - I really do! I didn't realize how much I would love it!''' ,'''Conflict is always fun to play.''' ,'''Whatever you want your child to learn, you have to model that every day. There's no more waiting around. Once you have a child, there's no dress rehearsal anymore.''' ,'''When I was little, I was a voracious reader, and that really led me to acting as well. I loved being transported into someone else's life, and that's what reading provided me. I also really love to entertain people.''' ,'''I relate to Nora's transformation in Henrik Ibsen's 'A Doll's House,' and I also relate to both sisters' journeys in John Madden's film 'Proof.'''' ,'''Oh my gosh, I would love to guest star on 'Entourage.'''' ,'''I would love to do more films. I really like the whole process of doing that. I like how close you become to everybody.''' ,'''I gain a lot of confidence through study.''' ,'''I love to act because I love trying on other people's skin.''' ,'''I love food and am very good at improvising when preparing it - it's a really creative experience for me.''' ,'''After 'Entourage,' it completely opened up my casting within the industry. People saw me for a lot of roles that I hadn't been seen for before. Older roles. I went out this pilot season for a lot of lawyers and doctors. And cops - which I haven't quite mastered yet; I find that quite difficult.''' ,'''You're not going to get every part, so you can't base your sense of self-worth around whether or not you actually land the job.''' ,'''I've gone up to a random guy in a grocery store before and said, 'Hi, I think you're cute. Are you single?' I'm not smooth. I just put it out there.''' ,'''I like to play strong women.''' ,'''I'm such a dog person. I dunno, I just feel like it really enriches your life, to have something to care for.''' ,'''I would love to do a big-budget movie musical - I feel like there is one big musical movie a year. And I'm always there at the theater to see them - I love them.''' ,]
+++