+++
author = "Neeru Bajwa"
title = "Neeru Bajwa Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Neeru Bajwa Quotes"
keywords = "neeru bajwa,neeru bajwa quotes,neeru bajwa quote,neeru bajwa sayings,neeru bajwa saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a believer in arranged marriages. I mean, mine was kind of an arranged marriage. My sister introduced me to my husband. You know, kind of set it up.''' ,'''I am comfortable in my space in Punjabi cinema.''' ,'''I have been very fortunate that the Punjabi audience connected with me so well. Otherwise female actors are not repeated much in this industry.''' ,'''Girls and boys also face the societal pressure to get married which I find wrong.''' ,'''I am so honest that at times people get offended by what I say. In our industry, truth is not really appreciated. I love to be of my own. I try spending quality time with my family, my two very close friends and my pet Liam.''' ,'''I mean, it gave me so much popularity, and because of TV, I got my first breakthrough. But I just enjoy doing films more.''' ,'''It's been two decades. I feel blessed that I'm still working, and people still want to see me.''' ,'''I will not even tell my daughter to get married if she does not find her life partner. I would rather push her for education and financial independence.''' ,'''I do not have to depend on a man to give me bread.''' ,'''When I started my career on TV, I never knew how my role or character was going to shape up or turn out to be. It was a challenging role for me and I learnt a lot from my senior actors.''' ,'''If I get good films, I would definitely do them. But most of the stuff that I get is not good at all. They were not good scripts.''' ,'''I was born and brought up in Canada but I always wanted to come to India and act.''' ,]
+++