+++
author = "Bronte Campbell"
title = "Bronte Campbell Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Bronte Campbell Quotes"
keywords = "bronte campbell,bronte campbell quotes,bronte campbell quote,bronte campbell sayings,bronte campbell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a very pessimistic view that every win takes you closer to a loss because no-one in the world can keep on winning forever.''' ,'''I think, for the benefit of our parents, the perfect night out would be when Cate and I touch the wall and we tie. This is what they dream - that we'll both win. Because then they don't have to pick a favourite child.''' ,'''When we were very, very young, I was actually better than Cate was at swimming, and I was not very humble and thought I was the greatest thing ever and rubbed it in her face a bit, and then she started trying really hard and started beating me.''' ,'''I love standing up behind the blocks, and I love that moment just before you dive in and it goes quiet, and you take a deep breath and you just dive, and then you try and win, but that moment just before I go, that's why I race.''' ,'''I'm actually really good at vacuuming, and I don't even mind it so much. I hate dusting with a passion, and I am not a fan of tidying up, but vacuuming I can do. And mopping floors: I'm not bad at that, either.''' ,'''I learnt my lessons very early on that it's probably a good thing to be humble in victory as well as defeat.''' ,'''I collect rings from every country that I compete in, and I swap them around and wear different ones occasionally. I have about 10.''' ,'''I was a crazy little seven-year-old. I used to get up an hour early to watch the big kids train. I thought, 'I must absorb their awesomeness.' That was my goal from when I was seven. I told my coach, 'I'm going to the Olympics.'''' ,'''I normally fly under the radar, and I'm normally not the best in my family, even though I'm sort of second or third best in the world.''' ,'''I think it's always a really stupid thing to base your achievement on someone else. I just want to base it on myself... do something that I can be proud of, and then I'll be happy.''' ,'''It might sound stupid, but I don't enter a race to win - I enter a race because I love racing.''' ,'''I have spent a very long time in Cate's shadow - she casts a pretty big one. I have always had the support of my family and coach, and they have always stressed we are completely different people and will achieve things in our own time. They stressed I would get my moment. I just had to be patient.''' ,]
+++