+++
author = "Michael Pitt"
title = "Michael Pitt Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Michael Pitt Quotes"
keywords = "michael pitt,michael pitt quotes,michael pitt quote,michael pitt sayings,michael pitt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Well, the first thing I wanted to be was a carpenter. Then I wanted to be a painter and then a singer. It was when I first saw 'Lawrence of Arabia' that I wanted to be an actor.''' ,'''All directors are different. Certainly, the directors that I respond to the most are guys that figure it out by doing it, not by thinking or studying. Also, the kind of actor that I think I am - I learned about theater doing theater, not studying theater. I think that traditional school can be great, but also it can stifle original thought.''' ,'''You develop a voice and a process that's unique to yourself.''' ,'''Acting is really scary, but it's also challenging, fun, hard work. There's always an element of improvisation with every actor, even when something is really scripted.''' ,'''When you look into someone's eyes, it may be like your connection to self. Two intuitive people, at the right moment, at the right time, could know they're in love at that moment.''' ,'''There's something very, very powerful about having a life mate that you are attracted to but then can also have a beer with.''' ,'''If you saw me trying to do laundry or something, well, I'm not really equipped to do anything else.''' ,'''People don't want to be plagued by not knowing-they want answers.''' ,'''I don't have a lot of time to surf the net and see what everyone's wearing.''' ,'''I think people can just make things now. It's kind of what happened with the music industry. Before, a band couldn't afford to go into a nice studio, or if they were going to go into a nice studio, they had to record twenty-five songs in two days. That's not a healthy workflow for anyone.''' ,'''Different films have different places in people's lives. I don't get to see a lot of films, so I want to watch films I learn from.''' ,'''There are directors who, their direction is high, but then when you challenge it, it crumbles. They can't back up what they're asking.''' ,'''I do feel like I'm spiritual, without getting too personal.''' ,'''I'm doing a record that has a story that runs through all of the songs, and then there is also a film that goes along with it.''' ,'''There are two kinds of directors: There's the kind where two plus two equals four, and you have to help them figure it out. And then there's the kind that throws you in a room, locks the door, sets the house on fire and films it.''' ,''''Boardwalk' begins literally on the first day of Prohibition, which I think was a wonderful way to start - to have the story kind of come out of this massive historical phenomenon. And the more I researched the '20s, the more I discovered just how interesting it was.''' ,'''If I cared what people think about my career, I would have not done - just look at my work. Don't look at me; look at what I've done.''' ,'''I'm a closeted nerd. I studied Richard Dawkins. I watched every lecture. He's sort of the leading scientific atheist of our time. He's very provocative. His whole thing is science over spirituality.''' ,'''Writers, directors often can get too precious with their words.''' ,'''Your experiences are what made you what you are today. So when tragedy happens in people's lives, and things are left unsaid, it can be very unsettling. The lack of closure can linger.''' ,'''When I make movies, I have a lot of respect for my audience. I think my audience is smart. If there's a way to be entertained and get things out - real things, not stupid moral crap - that's the best.''' ,'''Every movie that I've picked, from my first film on, has been considered by everyone to be 'career suicide.' And I have an amazing life. I have an amazing career. I work with artists. But I'm not making 'Spider-Man.'''' ,'''Scientists have this stigma of being guys or women in white lab coats with no sense of humor, no passion, devoid of all emotion, and that has been the complete opposite of the scientists I've met.''' ,'''I don't get to see a lot of films, so I want to watch films I learn from.''' ,'''Film is a collaborative art form. If you're not being collaborative, you probably shouldn't be working in film. You don't do it on your own. People who understand that, cultivate that, get the best results.''' ,'''It sounds cliche, but success is your friends, your family, what you do, and if you're happy when you wake up.''' ,'''What I've learned - after working for, I guess, some time now - is when you're approaching a relationship like that, like, any working relationship, it's good to be open. To know that someone might have a different way of doing things and listen to them. And hopefully, you come to a common understanding.''' ,'''Brooklyn is definitely the only place to live in the New York area. I love Brooklyn. Go Brooklyn!''' ,'''I don't believe Wikipedia about anything. I don't go there for anything but keywords.''' ,'''I don't choose characters with the intention of working something out in my personal life.''' ,'''I'm going to write films, star in films, direct films. Write records. Perform live.''' ,'''To be honest, I make very controversial films. The films that I've made have been very, very bold choices.''' ,'''All these directors who do different locations forget that one room can be shot from a million different angles and a million different ways. When I direct a movie, I'm going to use that.''' ,'''I think Van Sant is the most important American director we have. He takes the most risks. He's just pure to me.''' ,'''I'm not prejudiced about what type of movies I'm in, what form they take or whether they're studio or independent. I just want to make films that are going to be good.''' ,'''I feel that film, as opposed to theatre, is about capturing that one, real moment.''' ,'''A kid now can practically record a song or edit a short film on his way to school. I think that will produce, perhaps, more less-interesting things - or you'll have to search more to find the interesting things. But I also think it's exciting.''' ,'''Personally, I'm very classic. If I'm going to wear a suit, it's going to be classic, black, and fit very well. There's nothing like it.''' ,'''I have fun making films. I love making films. It's the only thing I know how to do. And I do it well.''' ,'''I get really into research. I know people say that, but I'm really into research.''' ,''''Dawson's Creek' was my introduction to the industry. It put some money in my pocket and it put me in the position I wanted to be in, where I could audition for projects that I wanted to be a part of. I didn't find it creatively fulfilling in any way though.''' ,'''I don't really have hobbies. I paint. I write. I direct videos. I take photos. I'm a creative person. A normal day for me is doing all of those things. Sometimes I stay up until 5 A.M. writing a song because I make music. It's the same with writing.''' ,''''Boardwalk' has kind of exposed me to a different demographic. And it upped my skills in terms of the speed with which I can prep a scene, and I'm excited to apply that.''' ,'''You always have nerves. And it's important to respect your nerves and your doubts. And then you have to ultimately overcome them.''' ,'''I think in some ways you learn more from the things you don't like than the things you do.''' ,'''When actors give their input, it can be very ego-driven, and directors are scared of that.''' ,'''What I'm trying to do is to make films - 'I Origins' is one of them - with the new generation of filmmakers. I want to support that.''' ,]
+++