+++
author = "Jahlil Okafor"
title = "Jahlil Okafor Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jahlil Okafor Quotes"
keywords = "jahlil okafor,jahlil okafor quotes,jahlil okafor quote,jahlil okafor sayings,jahlil okafor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was a big sweet-tea guy.''' ,'''I wasn't always a willing passer.''' ,'''Coming out of college, I got a lot of notoriety for being the old-school center.''' ,'''I'm definitely used to being the centerpiece of a team.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of black uniforms.''' ,'''I think I can play power forward; I think I can play center as well.''' ,'''Shaquille O'Neal was probably my favorite athlete growing up. I loved how dominant and unstoppable he was, but also his charisma off the court. He was someone I gravitated toward.''' ,'''I didn't want to go to any school but Duke: the best of the best.''' ,'''I like playing in the post, so a system that plays to my strengths is important.''' ,'''When I found out that I'd been traded to Brooklyn - it was pretty much the best feeling in the world.''' ,'''I've always gotten credit for being a big man who doesn't want to shoot threes. Throughout my entire basketball career prior to coming to the NBA, I was praised for doing that.''' ,'''Ever since third grade - I never even noticed it until after the game - people were telling me how crazy my dad is. I think I'm so locked in when I'm playing on the floor, I only hear him maybe during timeouts or when we're up 20 or 30 and I'm on the bench. But when I'm in the game, I don't hear him.''' ,'''I don't want to say why I should be picked over somebody. I just want to say why I should be picked for any team.''' ,'''I've always been a physical player.''' ,'''I'm just trying to get better each game.''' ,'''I shoot all kinds of shots. I just don't stay on the block and do layups and dunks when I'm in the gym by myself.''' ,'''I've always been the tallest guy in my age group, which always made me go right down in the post.''' ,'''I definitely feel like I'm the scapegoat for a lot of The Process issues.''' ,'''I think, when I was younger, I might have scored on the wrong basket. That wasn't too smart.''' ,'''I'm definitely not the caliber player that LeBron is, but I find it funny how people can criticize him and the way he plays the game. So it's pretty easy to criticize me if they are still able to criticize LeBron.''' ,'''I think, yeah, Chicago is the best basketball city in America.''' ,'''My dad is the opposite of me. He's so outgoing and so loud.''' ,'''Playing games and watching film, I've been able to see the improvements I can make and how much better I can be. It's exciting to think about it.''' ,'''Basketball was my thing I was always able to use to forget everything.''' ,'''Being the No. 1 pick isn't that important to me.''' ,'''He's been the greatest father for me. Going around the streets of Chicago with my dad, people always tell me they can't believe how much my dad has matured. Or, 'You wouldn't believe how your dad used to be.' There's always lots of words about how much he's changed.''' ,'''I do three different workouts a day. In total, it's about six or seven hours.''' ,'''I have videos of me playing basketball in diapers.''' ,'''The games are really long when you're not out there.''' ,'''I've always been a basketball player. My earliest memories are of playing basketball. I was born playing it. It's why I'm so comfortable on the floor.''' ,'''Chicago is home for me.''' ,'''I can score from 18 to 20 feet out, handle the ball, pass. I don't consider myself an old-school center.''' ,'''Every game is going to be different.''' ,'''My goal is to be the best. That's my thing I want to achieve - the best that I can be - and hopefully, that's the best player in the NBA.''' ,'''I've done this a couple times, been to a couple different camps and a couple different AAU practices to talk to kids. I tell them you have to be dedicated, have to decide if you want to be a serious basketball player or not. They always ask, 'What if you get discouraged?' You have to remember what your goal was in the first place.''' ,'''I just want to go to the right environment for me and the right team.''' ,'''People in New Orleans have been so supportive of me and the team. I love walking around here, because the people have been great.''' ,'''You have half a second to make your mind up to know if you're going to shoot, pass, drive. Don't hold the ball too long, and make your decision quick.''' ,'''I never had to worry about putting a target on somebody else's back. Usually, the target was on my back.''' ,'''One time, I palmed some medicine balls, just because people wanted to see if I could do it.''' ,'''Coach K was fine with the way I played defense.''' ,'''Being from Chicago, an inner-city kid, I'm fortunate enough now to be able to help the kids here when I come back, when I'm in town.''' ,'''I think from losing my mother, I appreciate having good people around me.''' ,'''I definitely want to play for a school that throws the ball in the post.''' ,'''I remember my first camps when I was in high school, freshman year. I did a LeBron James camp, and I thought that was the coolest thing ever.''' ,'''I don't worry about individual matchups.''' ,'''There's a lot of pride I have coming from Chicago because so many great players have done so many great things in the league. I definitely want to keep that tradition going. So yeah, I want to represent Chicago in the best light possible.''' ,'''In eighth grade, I pretty much didn't want to pass. I was 6'8'.' I was always bigger and stronger. I was getting triple-teamed, and the results weren't good. I wasn't helping my team. I was forcing shots. Then I started passing it out to my team, and they started hitting shots and slashing, and that's when things opened up for me.''' ,'''For as long as I remember, big men have dominated the NBA.''' ,'''I've been playing basketball my entire life, so I feel comfortable doing what is asked of me.''' ,'''My aunt, who plays the role of my mother now, she got her Ph.D.''' ,'''I've had a lot of struggles in the NBA, so to have some type of success, it just feels good, and makes you want more.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I know what my bread and butter is and how I can be effective.''' ,'''In college, when you lose one game as a top team, it's like the end of the world.''' ,'''I pray to my mother before every game. She passed away when I was 9, but I always consider her my wings on the floor, my extra step, my extra focus, my extra everything, to watch over me when I'm on the court. It takes some pressure off you when you feel like you have your mother above watching you. And I always pray to God for guidance.''' ,'''I think I'm a great teammate.''' ,'''You see a lot of guys in the NBA make dumb mistakes.''' ,'''My rookie season, I wore 8 because I had wanted 15, but it's retired in Philadelphia. I had worn 15 in college.''' ,'''Rankings, for most players, are like adversity because we all want to be the best. So you've just got to approach it like you would a tough situation on the court. You just have to respond.''' ,'''There's three banners I want to hang - ACC regular championship, ACC tournament championship, and, of course, the national championship.''' ,'''When you're friends with somebody, it's really easy to tell them 'Help me do this; help me do that.' It's not an uncomfortable conversation.''' ,'''Being in the city of New Orleans, meeting the people, it's been nothing but hospitality and a lot of love.''' ,'''I try to make really close bonds with people.''' ,'''It feels good when your teammates are telling you on the bench that they're hyped.''' ,'''I'm not a perfect player.''' ,'''I've talked to a bunch of big men who told me they didn't really start playing basketball until seventh or eighth grade. That wasn't the situation with me.''' ,'''There are things that I need to work on, that I have worked on, and that I'll continue to work on.''' ,'''There are guys like Chance the Rapper; I'm a big fan of his.''' ,'''I've been working on all my aspects of my game.''' ,'''I get that every game. High school. At Duke. When I do the introductions, I get a little butterflies. Once I step on the floor, I'm fine.''' ,'''First time we played together was when I was in seventh grade, he was in eighth. There was a lot of buzz in the city about Jabari Parker, rightfully so. He's obviously a major player. I was just blessed to have him one year ahead of me, so everything I did, he already finished. I've been really blessed to have him by my side.''' ,'''That's one of things I've heard about Brooklyn - how good they are at developing players.''' ,'''I became a better talker on the floor, being at Duke, being in leadership with Coach K, and I think I got better defensively as the season progressed.''' ,'''I set really high expectations.''' ,'''When I found out dairy was an inflammatory, which I had no idea about, I cut that out.''' ,'''I didn't think I was going to be doubled my first NBA game. I knew it would happen eventually, but I got off to a hot start, so as a result, I got double-teamed.''' ,'''I've always been a Kobe fan; he's one of my favorite players.''' ,'''My defense is a criticism, but we won a national championship at Duke, so it wasn't that bad.''' ,'''It's nice to be able to go against bigger guys and be able to bang.''' ,'''That's always been my interest - things of the unknown.''' ,'''I shoot a lot of bank shots and a lot of shots around the perimeter. There's a lot of things I like to work on, but I know my bread and butter when it comes down to it, and that's in the post.''' ,'''Of course, in college, you're traveling, especially when you're with Duke basketball, but in the NBA, it's on a whole entire level.''' ,'''Around sixth or seventh grade, I fell in love with Tim Duncan and his all-around game. That's when I started watching him. Then my father introduced me to Hakeem Olajuwon. Those were the two guys I modeled my game after.''' ,'''I just think that playing in a championship game and playing in every game in March Madness, that's just more time for critics to watch you and more time for them to nitpick at what you don't do well or what they feel you don't do well.''' ,'''When I pictured myself in the NBA, I always imagined myself with an older guy taking me under his wing.''' ,'''I never take a day off.''' ,'''I can play with my back to the basket, but I can face up as well.''' ,'''I've always won. I've won the state championship, national championship, all that stuff.''' ,'''I'd like to win Rookie of the Year.''' ,'''I want good players around me because it's all about winning.''' ,'''Being an NBA player, a lot of stress comes with that: realizing there's a lot of pressure on me and accepting that for what it is, realizing that I might need help, I might need somebody to talk to, accepting that there's nothing wrong with that.''' ,'''I always knew I wanted to be in the NBA and play myself in a video game. That was my goal when I was a kid.''' ,'''When you have a dominant big man, that changes the aspects of the game.''' ,'''I just want to win.''' ,'''My main focus, my pride is right there on the block. That's where I've always played and my focus has always been.''' ,'''I'm a winner. I've always been a winner.''' ,'''I love LeBron, but Kobe was the first player I actually considered my favorite.''' ,'''My father has his master's degree. My uncle does as well.''' ,'''I have a lot of eyes on me because of basketball, a lot of young people looking up to me. It's made me grow up faster.''' ,'''Speeding obviously is illegal. I know that's not what you're supposed to do.''' ,]
+++