+++
author = "Norma Mccorvey"
title = "Norma Mccorvey Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Norma Mccorvey Quotes"
keywords = "norma mccorvey,norma mccorvey quotes,norma mccorvey quote,norma mccorvey sayings,norma mccorvey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Father God, we just ask You to open Your wide, wide arms and look down upon us, Lord, and lead us, and let us know what we should do to stop this, this terrible, terrible holocaust.''' ,'''We live in a society today where these children can be wanted children. Even if you don't want to keep this child after you've had it, there's plenty of young couples out there, that want children.''' ,'''I was the Jane Roe of Roe vs. Wade, but Jane Roe has been laid to rest.''' ,'''I've got so much to do, I don't have time to sit down and be sad.''' ,'''It doesn't make any difference what religion you are, or how young you are or how old you are-if they go to these abortion mills and stand there and pray-that would make a lot of difference.''' ,'''I'm the computer operator for Operation Rescue National.''' ,'''I don't hate them any more like I used to. I just don't like them very much.''' ,'''If they don't care about me, how can they possibly care about anyone else?''' ,'''It's not your body, it's not your choice, because you got that from God. He gave that to you.''' ,'''I used the name Jane Roe because I didn't want my personal name to be involved in it.''' ,'''They could have been nice to me instead of treating me like an idiot.''' ,'''I really didn't know there was two sides to the abortion issue.''' ,'''It was a mutual thing. I made a deal with them: I asked them if they did not bring out the place card of Malachi, I would let them have two minutes with each one of my patients.''' ,'''Patients would come in and say, Well, my baby is going to have a cleft palate. I'm going like, that's not a reason. And the doctor would do the abortion.''' ,'''I felt like they only cared about what I could do for them, not what they could do for me.''' ,'''The abortionist I worked for, he's a very greedy man, a selfish man.''' ,'''I am Roe.''' ,'''Dr. Jasper didn't care if they got their checkups, their medications.''' ,'''I don't think there is a good reason for an abortion, but Dr. Jasper made me really realize it was just a racket. He was just doing it for the money. He didn't care about the women.''' ,'''I am serving the Lord and helping women save babies.''' ,'''I didn't attend any of the court proceedings.''' ,'''There's a feminist writer, Naomi Wolfe, who is reconsidering her position on abortion.''' ,'''The holocaust against the unborn is the greatest sin they could ever do or even ever participate in.''' ,'''I think everyone should sit down and write a book. It's a lot like therapy but a lot less expensive.''' ,'''I looked at a fetal development chart at the Operation Rescue Office in Dallas. I had a lot of emotions stirring up inside of me. That's when I decided that it was wrong in any stage of pregnancy.''' ,'''They tried to discredit me. I used to tell them, There's many wonderful people out there who can't have children, who would want to have these children.''' ,]
+++