+++
author = "Brigitte Macron"
title = "Brigitte Macron Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Brigitte Macron Quotes"
keywords = "brigitte macron,brigitte macron quotes,brigitte macron quote,brigitte macron sayings,brigitte macron saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I go out every day in Paris.''' ,'''I have never been attracted by younger men.''' ,'''I'm a creature of the eighteenth century at heart: The Enlightenment and the search for happiness suit me.''' ,'''I would never leave the house before choosing an outfit and doing my hair - the results may vary, but I cannot do otherwise.''' ,'''I have a boundless passion for Flaubert. It's unthinkable to me that someone might not have read 'Madame Bovary.' He writes with a scalpel. Everything has meaning. My students were not allowed not to like him!''' ,'''I'm lucky to have met Nicolas Ghesquiere, the creative director of Vuitton. He understands me and knows me, and I admire his sensibility and talent. Karl Lagerfeld is another huge designer and artist for whom I feel affection and admiration.''' ,'''I have no idea what to wear; Nicolas Ghesquiere has made me a wardrobe for every circumstance.''' ,'''I have the impression that every word is a word too many. I'm constantly holding myself back.''' ,'''I think that the 21st century will be feminine, that it's women who will, perhaps, find a way out for this world.''' ,'''I have always put a lot of effort into the way I present myself; just ask my children or students!''' ,'''I'm really into fashion, and there's this fascination the world over around this idea of the French woman.''' ,'''It is very clear in my mind that the French people elected Emmanuel, and they haven't elected me, although they knew, of course, that we were a couple.''' ,'''I wore miniskirts when I was younger. We used to hide them in our bags before going out.''' ,''''Babylone, Babylone' is remarkable. Emmanuel is fascinated by Mexico. He knows the country without having been there... I am amazed by his intellectual capacities. He is extraordinary. I am talking about the man, not about my husband.''' ,'''I don't feel like a first lady.''' ,'''I don't feel like the 'first,' or the last, or a lady. I am Brigitte Macron!''' ,'''I wasn't a very well-behaved girl. I was often in detention for impertinence.''' ,'''There are times in your life where you need to make vital choices.''' ,'''I'm still the wife of Emmanuel Macron, not of the president.''' ,]
+++