+++
author = "David Fizdale"
title = "David Fizdale Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 David Fizdale Quotes"
keywords = "david fizdale,david fizdale quotes,david fizdale quote,david fizdale sayings,david fizdale saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not coach D'Antoni. I have to coach to my version of pace-and-space. We all steal from each other, but a lot of us have stolen from him.''' ,'''You coach to your personality.''' ,'''I know there are people who say 'just coach'... I don't hear them.''' ,'''The idea of Dwyane Wade not being in a Heat uniform was a kick in the stomach.''' ,'''If I don't have any other strength, I'm pretty good at building relationships.''' ,'''There are not a lot of young African-American guys who come through the video room. I wanted to make sure I was one of those guys, not only to live up to that standard but almost make a breakthrough for young African-American men. There is a pathway for you through the video room as well, but you have to be willing to do the work.''' ,'''When you know that the offense isn't just predicated on one guy and that every movement you make gives you a chance to be a part of the action, to make you a weapon, it's empowering.''' ,'''I respect the people that I lost to.''' ,'''Only one champion stands at the end of the year, so just making the playoffs isn't enough.''' ,'''I'm not afraid to coach guys. But I am going to coach them to win, and I am going to hold them to a high standard.''' ,'''The hard part that I didn't like about recruiting in college was, there was so many regulations. So many rules. It was so many layers to it in the recruiting that I just got fed up with it.''' ,'''I really want to institute a culture that has nothing to do with shots or minutes or anything like that. It starts with a foundation of service.''' ,'''I knew as an assistant coach it wasn't my place to overstep the head coach.''' ,'''Herb Brown is like a basketball icon. What's the saying - he's forgotten more than I'll ever know.''' ,'''No matter who is on your team, you are going after the title.''' ,'''It was fun winning with the Nasty Nine, but it didn't feel good going into every game with the Nasty Nine, I tell you that.''' ,'''You can't just sit back and think you're gonna pack the paint in and win games. You've gotta guard that three-point line.''' ,'''I have a lot of respect for coach D'Antoni. He's one of the really class acts in this league who is willing to share. He's really impacted this league in a big way.''' ,'''If you're not a player, it's hard to get into this league. You need a small opportunity that you turn into a bigger opportunity.''' ,'''You don't sell the team short and say, 'We're just trying to make the playoffs,' or anything like that.''' ,'''Pace is just how fast we can get the ball from one end to the other. It's not necessarily how fast we can shoot. It's just a tempo thing.''' ,'''Carry yourself like a champion now so when you get there, it's not a surprise.''' ,'''I always said, 'if we win, we all will profit.' So forget about the profit part of it; let's just win, and the rest will take care of itself.''' ,'''T-Lue is as bright as they come. He's incredible at making adjustments, holding guys accountable, relating.''' ,'''I only know one thing. I have been bred through the Heat organization to do it one way. And every day, you prepare.''' ,'''It doesn't matter what color you are. Poverty is poverty. Inmates come from all walks of life. We have to make sure we look out for these people and give them a chance.''' ,'''Mike Brown wanted to hire me to work with LeBron in player development.''' ,'''Sometimes you've gotta take a risk.''' ,'''Memphis don't bluff. It's a tight knit community.''' ,]
+++