+++
author = "Toussaint Louverture"
title = "Toussaint Louverture Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Toussaint Louverture Quotes"
keywords = "toussaint louverture,toussaint louverture quotes,toussaint louverture quote,toussaint louverture sayings,toussaint louverture saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''General Biassou is a simple, vulnerable man without much knowledge, and he is easily led astray by the scoundrels surrounding him. He has sworn eternal hatred for me, and for some time now, he has been trying to destroy me using whatever means he can.''' ,'''Citizens, not less generous than myself, let your most precious moments be employed in causing the past to be forgotten; let all my fellow-citizens swear never to recall the past; let them receive their misled brethren with open arms, and let them, in future, be on their guard against the traps of bad men.''' ,'''I know how to move the people, but I know also where to stop in my own actions so that, when I strike, I shall be felt and not seen.''' ,'''At the beginning of the troubles of Saint Domingo, I felt that I was destined to great things. When I received this divine intimation, I was four and fifty years of age; I could neither read nor write.''' ,'''We went to labor in the fields, my wife and I, hand in hand. Scarcely were we conscious of the fatigues of the day. Heaven always blessed our toil.''' ,'''I have undertaken vengeance. I want Liberty and Equality to reign in Saint-Domingue. I work to bring them into existence. Unite yourselves to us, brothers, and fight with us for the same cause.''' ,'''I am kind; I am humane. I open to you my fatherly arms. Come, all of you; I will receive you all - no less those of the South than those of the West, and of the North, who, gained over by Rigaud, have deserted your firesides, your wives, your children, to place yourselves at his side.''' ,'''I have need of Rigaud. He is violent. I want him for carrying on war; and that war is necessary to me.''' ,'''This gun is liberty; hold for certain that the day when you no more have it, you will be returned to slavery.''' ,'''The revolution of Saint Domingo was taking its course. I saw that the whites could not endure, because they were divided and because they were overpowered by numbers; I congratulated myself that I was a black man.''' ,'''The heads of regiments are required to see that the troops join in prayer morning and evening as far as the service will permit.''' ,'''Mastered by deadly passions, Rigaud has dug a gulf at your feet; he has laid snares which you could not avoid. He wished to have you as partisans in his revolt; and to succeed in his object, he has employed falsehood and seduction.''' ,'''Avoid sloth, the mother of all vices!''' ,'''I took up arms for the freedom of my color. It is our own - we will defend it or perish.''' ,'''The Spanish offered me their protection, and liberty to those who would fight for the cause of the kings. I accepted their offers, seeing myself entirely abandoned by my brethren, the French.''' ,'''We are free today because we are the stronger; we will be slaves again when the government becomes the stronger.''' ,'''I accept everything which is favorable for the people and the army; for myself, I wish to live in retirement.''' ,'''It is not a liberty of circumstance, conceded to us alone, that we wish; it is the adoption absolute of the principle that no man, born red, black or white, can be the property of his fellow man.''' ,'''When it shall be known that, at the time which I was accused of wishing to sunder this island from France - my benefactress - I repeated the oath of fidelity to her, I take pleasure in believing that the government I own, and my fellow-citizens, will render me the justice I merit, and that the enemies of my brethren will be reduced to silence.''' ,'''They have in me struck down but the trunk of the tree; the roots are many and deep - they will shoot up again!''' ,'''I have taken my flight in the region of eagles; when I alight, it must be on a rock, and that rock must be a constitutional government, of which I shall be the head so long as I shall be among men.''' ,'''I am faithfully devoted to the Republic but will not serve it at the expense of my conscience and my honor.''' ,'''I have published a proclamation: 'Forgive us our transgressions as we forgive those who transgress against us.' I have ordered all citizens to return to their parishes to enjoy the benefits of this general amnesty.''' ,'''The whites have resolved to destroy our liberty and have therefore brought a force commensurate to their intentions. The Cape, after a proper resistance, has fallen into their hands, but the enemy found only a town and plain in ashes; the forts were blown up, and all was burnt.''' ,'''I invite you, citizens, to open your eyes and to give serious attention to the future. Reflect on the disasters which may ensue from longer obstinacy. Submit to lawful authority, if you wish to preserve the South untouched. Save your families and your property.''' ,'''I shall not remind you, Citizen-Directors, of all I have done for the triumph of liberty, the prosperity of St. Domingo, the glory of the French Republic; nor will I protest to you my attachment to our mother country, to my duties; my respect to the constitution, to the laws of the Republic, and my submission to the government.''' ,'''God, who knows our most secret thoughts and who sees all, is witness to the purity of my principles. They are not founded on this barbarous ferocity that takes pleasure in shedding human blood.''' ,]
+++