+++
author = "Katya Zamolodchikova"
title = "Katya Zamolodchikova Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Katya Zamolodchikova Quotes"
keywords = "katya zamolodchikova,katya zamolodchikova quotes,katya zamolodchikova quote,katya zamolodchikova sayings,katya zamolodchikova saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love love. Every day of my life is Valentine's Day. When you're a pathological narcissist, you have to fall in love with yourself every day.''' ,'''Count on me to shine where it doesn't count.''' ,'''I'm not into Hello Kitty.''' ,'''You're not homophobic for thinking that something gay is bad. All gay movies are bad.''' ,'''Women have to remember what's good for them is not good for every woman.''' ,'''I think Trixie and I get the least amount of hate out of all the 'Drag Race' alumni.''' ,'''Success doesn't find you when you're alone in your house.''' ,'''I think you can safely joke about anything. Mostly.''' ,'''I don't do standup.''' ,'''I like to take my time when I'm designing and constructing outfits.''' ,'''The limits of our success are just the limits of our energy.''' ,'''I have nothing to be ashamed of. And I love to talk about the things that I am ashamed of.''' ,'''It's a social life, or time to read the comment section: I prefer social life.''' ,'''My hamstrings are permanently into a state of openness. I could probably fall out of bed into a split and not tear anything.''' ,'''I was a wallflower. I never talked to anybody. I was so afraid of people, I never said a word.''' ,'''At a meet and greet in a nightclub in Texas, a girl who looked about 15 years old gave me a VHS copy of 'Adventures in Babysitting,' and she whispered in my ear that it's really just home movie footage of her dad practicing judo.''' ,'''My channel is my baby. Some women have babies; I have a YouTube channel.''' ,'''The crux of drag is outsiders looking in. That's all it is.''' ,'''I've always loved yoga because you get to connect to a deep religious truth while stretching your legs.''' ,'''I love New York, but I can't deal with the cold and the small space.''' ,'''There's a lot of stupid men out there who feel like makeup is a betrayal of the truth, and that is so funny to me.''' ,'''I tend to latch on to things pretty obsessively for awhile. I listened to Russian pop music exclusively for almost five years. It's weird.''' ,'''I don't wash my hair.''' ,'''Not everybody needs to be a weirdo.''' ,'''Drag, in my view these days, has become the thing it used to make fun of - which is Jennifer Lopez. Now we all want to be her. We have stylists; we have special photographers.''' ,'''I've been obsessed with David Letterman forever, and I'd love to be the drag version of David Letterman.''' ,'''I am an Irish Catholic person. I've been a man and a woman. I speak Russian, sort of. And then I'm very diplomatic.''' ,'''Drag is a gift.''' ,'''I didn't expect to be afraid of RuPaul. But I was.''' ,'''I don't ever wanna be mainstream.''' ,'''I've done everything - weight-lifting, Pilates, crossfit, martial arts, gymnastics - but I think the most important workout, at least for me these days, is a mental one.''' ,'''I never give gifts!''' ,'''I don't try to represent myself in a way that's not connected with my everyday reality, because I'm not smart enough to do that.''' ,'''Drag is a chicken suit, and you're very emboldened. Whatever you do or say or fail at or succeed at is attributed to your costume and not you as a person. So there's a lot of freedom.''' ,'''I love every color!''' ,'''I was gonna try to go to grad school to teach foreign language.''' ,'''I just want to make cool art work that has some meaning.''' ,'''Filthy does not equal unhealthy, necessarily.''' ,'''I've lived the wackiest, weirdest life.''' ,'''It actually was 'RuPaul's Best Friend Race' for me.''' ,'''I don't like board games.''' ,'''I'm not a comic. There's twenty five percent of me that doesn't trust people who identify as comics.''' ,'''I have no boundaries. I have nothing to hide.''' ,]
+++