+++
author = "Sebastian Seung"
title = "Sebastian Seung Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Sebastian Seung Quotes"
keywords = "sebastian seung,sebastian seung quotes,sebastian seung quote,sebastian seung sayings,sebastian seung saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When people hear that I'm a neuroscientist, they ask me tough questions. 'Will grandpa learn to walk again after his stroke?' 'How can my son overcome his dyslexia?' 'What could have caused my best friend to become schizophrenic?' When I can't give satisfying answers, they look disappointed - and I feel embarrassed.''' ,'''Ask not what the brain can do for the computer. Ask what the computer can do for the brain.''' ,'''I'm tremendously optimistic about the future of my discipline, yet understanding the brain is so difficult that we neuroscientists need help.''' ,'''To find better means of fixing the brain, we first need to achieve something more fundamental. We must understand how it works.''' ,'''If we can map the retina, that will help us understand how it functions in vision, as well as devise new ways of repairing its malfunctions. And if we can really figure out the retina, perhaps we will have a shot at figuring out the vastly more complicated brain.''' ,'''There are many ways in which genes influence the brain.''' ,'''The brain is behind the really big questions we have. Who am I, what is my identity? What is that based on? If memories are encoded in connectomes, your personality might be in your connectome. If that's the case, that's the basis of your uniqueness as a person.''' ,'''The neural code usually refers to how your current thoughts and feelings and perceptions are encoded in the signals that neurons are passing around - and it's not the same. The code is not the same for every person.''' ,]
+++