+++
author = "Howie Carr"
title = "Howie Carr Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Howie Carr Quotes"
keywords = "howie carr,howie carr quotes,howie carr quote,howie carr sayings,howie carr saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I used to think Cape Wind was a great idea. That was when Ted Kennedy was alive and railing about how he might spill his Chivas if he had to keep maneuvering the Mya around all those noisy seagull-murdering wind turbines. Anything Ted Kennedy was against, I was for.''' ,'''Joe Biden was first elected to the Senate in 1972 at age 30. Somewhere around 1992, he should have had to go out and get a real job.''' ,'''But the indisputable fact is, a huge percentage of Obama's voters are basically wards of the state. There are millions of them, and they have no intention of voting for anyone who might want them to ever go out and work for a living - 'no matter what.'''' ,'''After all these years, it's still amazing what Obama is allowed to get away with. He says low gas prices in 2009 were caused by a terrible economy, but then claims that the lower number of illegal aliens crossing the border is because of his border policies, not the same lousy economy.''' ,'''Reporters used to be blue-collar; at the Globe now, it's practically required that you have a trust fund.''' ,'''Nobody has ever denied that when it comes to his trade - gigolo - John Forbes Kerry is one of the all-time greats. He's in the Gigolo Hall of Fame. See, a really good gigolo might snag one heiress in a lifetime with a nine-figure trust fund. Kerry has married two. When it comes to gigolos, he's Steve Jobs.''' ,'''You know, back in the 1950s and '60s, when J. Edgar Hoover was making the FBI the respected organization it used to be, oftentimes they would find a fugitive and basically have his house surrounded, and then put out a press release saying he was on the top 10 most wanted list. And 10 minutes later, he'd be arrested.''' ,'''Anyone who doesn't think the welfare-industrial complex is trying to increase dependency isn't paying attention.''' ,'''You look at the descriptions of Whitey by law enforcement during his early years, and they sum him up pretty well. He was the same guy 40 years later; he just had $40 million more, and had committed 40 more murders.''' ,'''Has there ever been anybody, real or fictional, whiter than Betty Crocker?''' ,'''Barack Obama is like the old joke about boats. The two best days of owning a boat are the day you buy it and the day you sell it.''' ,'''The higher someone's profile, the easier it is for a defendant to trade him up to the feds. Mr. Big is always a better catch than Mr. Small.''' ,'''Scott Brown may be the last Republican to win a statewide fight in Massachusetts for a very long time. He caught the machine flat-footed in January 2010 when he out-hustled Martha Coakley and stole the Senate seat Ted Kennedy held all those years. And since then, the Democrats haven't lost a single statewide fight.''' ,'''You know the green grifters have no argument when they start raising the 'no blood for oil' cry on the blogs. Excuse me, if Obama's make-sure-your-tires-are-properly-inflated administration would simply allow more energy production here in the U.S., that wouldn't be a problem very long, would it?''' ,'''In the end, that's what it comes down to with Mitt Romney. He's running as the non-Barack Obama.''' ,'''I think among the retired FBI agents there are some who would not like to see him come back, but I think the people running the FBI now are interested in catching him.''' ,'''Michelle Obama - they don't call her Mooch-elle for nothing.''' ,'''About 25 years ago, I started out as a reporter covering politics. And that sort of just evolved into organized crime, because organized crime and politics were the same thing in Boston.''' ,'''As much as the Democrats try to change the subject, this election will be about Barack Obama, period. Mitt's speech last night hit all the right notes, but this fight is not about him. He's just the vessel. Now the question is, does this guy at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. who thinks the private sector is doing fine get another four years?''' ,]
+++