+++
author = "Rachel Dratch"
title = "Rachel Dratch Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Rachel Dratch Quotes"
keywords = "rachel dratch,rachel dratch quotes,rachel dratch quote,rachel dratch sayings,rachel dratch saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I started doing improv my sophomore year.''' ,'''Actually, I didn't like Dartmouth very much, but the whole theater scene I really liked.''' ,'''Many comedians have a dark side that lets them take a negative thing and turn it funny.''' ,'''If you have an impulse, not if you're going to ruin someone elses' scene, if you have an impulse of a funny little add-on or taking something in a weird direction, try it.''' ,'''And you know when I was growing up, I knew I wanted to have kids, but I knew I didn't want to do it alone. Then once I was 41, 42, I had to accept that I probably wouldn't have kids unless I decided to adopt later on, but even then it would be with a partner.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I was super shy.''' ,'''Well, I've claimed to have seen two ghosts in a hotel room.''' ,'''I think for anyone - male or female - in improv, the biggest thing to get over is the fear. I think every improviser has that.''' ,'''An improv team would have eight guys and one woman; that was still pretty standard. If you were a woman improviser, it was actually kind of an advantage because, if you were halfway decent, you'd get a lot more stage time.''' ,'''I remember watching Gilda Radner when I was a kid and everyone thought she was so funny and no one ever said that she was a funny woman, she was just funny.''' ,'''I started doing improv in college, and I really liked it.''' ,'''In real life, I'm gorgeous, beautiful.''' ,'''I was sort of the class-clown type, and I was also in school plays, and I always liked comedy.''' ,'''When you're starting up a show, you don't really know what direction it's going to go.''' ,'''I don't really consider myself an impressionist.''' ,'''I did some acting in high school, I knew I really liked it.''' ,'''I did Second City, and Nia Vardalos also did Second City, so I knew her from there.''' ,'''I never wanted to be that person who leaves 'SNL' and nothing happens.''' ,'''I have no wisdom to share on dating.''' ,'''I didn't originally intend on writing a book. I started writing during the day to feel like I was accomplishing something creative.''' ,'''I also didn't consider myself a huge baby person.''' ,'''I'm definitely not up-to-date on the high-tech videogame world.''' ,'''All I remember is the last time I played a videogame, it was Space Invaders.''' ,'''Personally, I don't even read bummer news stories about the environment because it makes me feel helpless to fix anything and reminds me that the general population doesn't treat these issues as an important part of our political life.''' ,'''I could see myself in some sort of pioneer bonnet, it's my childhood fantasy, but I think I look too Jewish for the prairie.''' ,'''Since I was little, it was instilled in me to conserve water. In terms of what can you do as an individual, it's an easy issue to get behind.''' ,'''The Yale group was doing the Harold. So by our senior year we were trying to do the Harold. Again, we had no idea what we were doing. We had one guy in the group who was pretty experimental; he would kind of push us to do weird things. It was really fun, a great experience.''' ,'''Everybody always asks about Jimmy Fallon. I'm sorry to say that he's very nice and there's not much bad to say about him. I don't know if he sucks at videogames or not. I don't think he plays them, but he could have this whole secret life I don't know about.''' ,'''If it gets laughs, it's funny.''' ,'''When I was little, we used to have Atari.''' ,'''I definitely don't want to do drama. I'm not looking to branch out into that world.''' ,'''But I majored in Drama, modified with Psychology.''' ,'''I had always wanted to be on SNL, it's not always great, but it's this leftover childhood dream.''' ,]
+++