+++
author = "Anthony Lapaglia"
title = "Anthony Lapaglia Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Anthony Lapaglia Quotes"
keywords = "anthony lapaglia,anthony lapaglia quotes,anthony lapaglia quote,anthony lapaglia sayings,anthony lapaglia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A lot of people think I'm that guy in 'Betsy's Wedding', but I'm not. What it is for me is that, on some level, I connect with the character emotionally.''' ,'''And when you started looking into Roger East, it was almost like he had disappeared from history.''' ,'''For the most part, the American film market has become very corporatised, even independent film to a degree, and because of the corporate management mentality, they want to take the safe way.''' ,'''I can't find my car keys in the morning. Trying to get out of my house is a nightmare. 'Where's my wallet? Where are my keys? I have to go find a missing person.'''' ,'''So I built my entire career in the United States and that's why it feels like I'm an American actor.''' ,'''Steve Martin is one of the most intelligent, well-read human beings that I've ever come across. He is equally as funny off screen as he is on. But he also has a very intellectual side, and he's a really nice human being. We actually become good friends.''' ,'''The whole question of God and what God is, and whether it's a blond guy with a beard, I don't know... I don't know that. Do I believe that there's something greater at work than the sum of humanity? Yeah, I think so.''' ,'''I like the Baldwin boys a great deal. Alec is super-smart, super-articulate, almost too smart to be an actor.''' ,'''I had a vocal coach. It's a sad thing, but I had to hire someone so that I could get my Australian accent back.''' ,'''My accent's become a weird hybrid.''' ,]
+++