+++
author = "Marco Pierre White"
title = "Marco Pierre White Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Marco Pierre White Quotes"
keywords = "marco pierre white,marco pierre white quotes,marco pierre white quote,marco pierre white sayings,marco pierre white saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I met my first wife at the fishmonger's in the summer of 1987, some six months after opening Harveys.''' ,'''I love the institution of marriage.''' ,'''My mind might be conservative, but at heart, I was always a socialist.''' ,'''Buy locally where possible, but if you can't get the very best locally, don't buy locally. Buy it from where it is best.''' ,'''You'll never see me at award ceremonies.''' ,'''Oh, I love ladies in hats! One rule of restaurants: never take a hat from a lady; wait for her to offer you the hat because she might not want to take it off - she might not have had time to do her hair properly.''' ,'''I am not the sort of person who gives up.''' ,'''When I look at old pictures, I see my son Luciano, not me. Luciano looks identical. That's what's extraordinary, the power of a gene pool.''' ,'''People still think I led a rock and roll lifestyle. I was in my kitchen 100 hours a week; I didn't have time to do that.''' ,'''I don't like London. I'm not happy here. I don't even own a flat here.''' ,'''I am a believer that if you bring children into this world, then you have a responsibility to do your best and support and guide them until the day you die.''' ,'''I like a nice cross section of society in my restaurants - the stars, the toffs, the working guy.''' ,'''I was racially discriminated against for years as a child in Leeds because I was an Italian.''' ,'''I came from the most humble side of society, and I know what it's like to be poor, really poor, and I was brought up in the '60s and '70s very poor, and I'm very happy flying the flag for the working man.''' ,'''I love gardens!''' ,'''My grandfather, father, and uncle were chefs, and my other uncle was a butcher.''' ,'''I'm happiest walking through fields, on beaches, and over riverbanks. Nature is my surrogate mother.''' ,'''When you roast a chicken perfectly, there's nothing more delicious.''' ,'''For me, food is about generosity, and this should reflect on the plate as well.''' ,'''Cuisine Nouvelle was just a concept, and one which, crucially, the English managed to get wrong. I mean, if you run a restaurant, you've got to feed people, not make pretty little pictures on plates to make up for your lack of ability.''' ,'''My favourite dinner is a cup of tea and a ham sandwich with English mustard.''' ,'''I can't work in a domestic kitchen; it's just too confined. There's no freedom, and there's no buzz.''' ,'''Whether dealing with children or chefs, they are all giant babies in need of nurturing.''' ,'''In 1990 at Harveys, when I was 28 years old, I became the youngest chef to win two Michelin stars. It was a huge achievement.''' ,'''Life is an emotional rollercoaster. It really is.''' ,'''Generally, I respect critics; they have their job to do.''' ,'''I'm naturally an introvert.''' ,'''I was brought up on a council estate. I know what it's like to be poor.''' ,'''The newspapers had described me as the Jagger of the Aga. It wasn't hard living up to the reputation.''' ,'''My cooking attracted celebrities. I met Sylvester Stallone. He squeezed my bicep and said: 'I don't usually eat your kind of food, but for you, I ate it.' I haven't got a clue what he'd eaten but he asked me to cook for his wedding feast when he married Jennifer Flavin at Blenheim Palace.''' ,'''Like most fathers, I would do anything for my children, and I've worked very hard at trying to be a good father. I want to give them education, security, everything I never had.''' ,''''Kitchen Wars' makes 'MasterChef' look like a walk in the park!''' ,'''Females make better cooks than men. Females have a better palate. They have a better sense of smell. They never take shortcuts; this is why they're very good in kitchens. The weakness in what they do is they are not as physically strong as men, so they're never really given the opportunity.''' ,'''If I did one thing, I made cooking rock n' roll: I made it sexy. I made young kids from rich backgrounds want to come into my world.''' ,'''Anybody who thinks they're the perfect parent is a fool.''' ,'''Good people are always forgiving. They close an eye to one's failings.''' ,'''Restaurants should be democratic; you shouldn't be made to feel privileged for getting a table or being lectured by the waiter.''' ,'''I'm the Christopher Biggins of reality TV.''' ,'''I discovered that the world of the finest restaurants was something akin to the world of the Mafia.''' ,'''I leave my emotions at home.''' ,'''I think self-discovery is the greatest achievement in life, because once you discover yourself and accept what you are, then you can fulfil your true potential and be happy.''' ,'''I don't need Michelin, and they don't need me.''' ,'''The reason I do television is because we all have to work and earn a living, as I have four children. It's also a platform for me to share my knowledge and inspire the young.''' ,'''One day, a chef moaned that he was too hot, so I took a carving knife in one hand, held his jacket with the other, and slashed it. Then I slashed his trousers. Both garments were still on his body at the time.''' ,'''The day I stopped fearing my father was the day I could enjoy him.''' ,'''As far as I am concerned, ambition is the most dangerous occupation in the world. I have never been ambitious, or if I have, it's only been by default.''' ,'''I love working. I love doing things. I don't like sitting.''' ,'''Once you accept and understand yourself, you do things for the right reasons, not the wrong ones, rather than being fuelled by your insecurities.''' ,'''Nine out of 10 English chefs have their names on their chests. Who do they think they are? They're dreamers. They're jokes.''' ,'''Cooking is a philosophy; it's not a recipe.''' ,'''I think Singapore is one of the great cities of the world.''' ,'''I never had a drink at all till I was 38. I'm just not a drinker. I go days without drinking.''' ,'''You cannot criticize a man for going to work. You really cannot.''' ,'''Dad was diagnosed with lung cancer when I was a lad. From then on, he lived in fear that death was just around the corner, and he set about programming me to work hard and bring in some cash.''' ,'''We all make mistakes. God knows I've made more than anyone else I know.''' ,'''When you work for someone, you never realise how much you are learning. It is only when you leave and you reflect back on life.''' ,'''My pet hate, with customers, is those that think it's all about wallets.''' ,'''I'm a great fan of farmed products, as long as it's done properly, because it allows people to be able to afford them. If it wasn't for farmed products, a lot of people wouldn't eat so well.''' ,'''I don't believe I've ever truly been in love because I don't believe that I've known myself well enough in the past to allow someone to love me.''' ,'''The French make the best wine.''' ,'''If I think back to the eighties, my methods weren't conventional, but they got results.''' ,'''The only time I am seen in public is when I go to work. When I go home to England, I never leave my home.''' ,'''My twenties were the worst period of my life.''' ,'''Self-control is true power.''' ,'''Perhaps I created the monster Ramsay, who ended up as a TV personality screaming at celebrities on 'Hell's Kitchen,' doing to them what I had done to him.''' ,'''I was brought up to respect my father and not to love him.''' ,'''My children are, without question, the most wonderful thing. I've learnt more about myself through my children than any other experience in my life.''' ,'''Can you imagine, I lost my mother at age six? My childhood ended then.''' ,'''I was brought up a working-class Tory. I believe, to be a true socialist, you have to be a capitalist first. In my heart, I'm a socialist; in my mind, I'm a capitalist.''' ,'''All great chefs have two things in common. First, they respect nature as the true artist, and they are just cooks. Second, everything that they do is an extension of them as a person.''' ,'''There's something rather comforting about putting on an apron.''' ,'''I think it's really important for every young person to work in a kitchen because you learn a life skill.''' ,'''A cookery book should be there for inspiration. Recipes should be a guideline, and they shouldn't be cast in stone.''' ,'''I love the countryside, which is where I live and feel most comfortable, and hate being surrounded by herds of people.''' ,'''You can't be a chef and appear on television all the time. It's impossible. At least when I earned my stars, I was always behind my stove.''' ,'''Oliver Reed was a great man who did things his own way. He used to come into Harveys, my restaurant in Wandsworth, and sit on the floor to have a drink before going to the table.''' ,'''I just can't stand Tony Blair.''' ,'''My mother's death was the defining moment of my life.''' ,'''Harveys opened against the backdrop of Thatcher's greed culture.''' ,'''My tortured life - with its extremes and conflicts - might have been difficult for me to deal with, but the press couldn't get enough of it. I was in the papers every day, 'the enfant terrible of the culinary world.'''' ,'''Just because something is English does not necessarily mean it is good. We make the best cheddar; we make great pasties. But we can't make very good brie or baguettes - and the French can't make pork pies.''' ,''''Wall Street' was the big movie of 1987, the year in which Harveys opened. It was a film about greed and self-indulgence, about hunger for success, and Michael Douglas's line, 'breakfast is for wimps,' became a mantra for anyone who wanted to get to the top.''' ,'''I take so much from my life. I have my shooting and my fishing. I have my working life. I have my relationship with my children.''' ,'''People are bored of these 12-course gastronomic menus. They want affordable glamour.''' ,'''A lot of people say I look like a rock star or a designer punk. But I swear it's the job that has carved my face. It's the hours, the stress, and the pressure. It's not me trying to look like this.''' ,'''If you really want to know what motivated me as a young man, it was a fear of death.''' ,'''Rudeness is not having fun, and if it is, it's at the expense of another person.''' ,'''I think, in life, the more you force things, they break. You just let things happen.''' ,'''English wine is nonsense. They are over-priced and not very good.''' ,'''The pressure of TV can force people to do odd things.''' ,'''A chef's palate is born out of his childhood, and one thing all chefs have in common is a mother who can cook.''' ,'''I like my mind being stimulated. I like discovering new concepts.''' ,'''Remember, restaurateurs are only shopkeepers; that's all we are. It's no different from the supermarket down the road.''' ,'''The food wasn't very good in the first kitchen I ever worked in. But it was very busy, so I learnt to be fast, absorb pressure, use a knife, and say, 'Yes, chef.'''' ,'''I think what you got to do is to create an environment which people wish to sit in. You have to create a menu which is interesting to people. You have to create food which is delicious and affordable. I think that's what's important.''' ,'''I never met a man who worked harder than me.''' ,'''My favourite dessert is tarte Tatin.''' ,'''I came from a hard, working-class world which, since my mother's death, had been dominated by men. I hadn't been encouraged to talk about the burden of grief, and because I was severely underdeveloped when it came to sharing my emotions, I mustn't have been the most communicative husband.''' ,'''Food should be simple; it shouldn't be complicated, even down to making Knorr gravy: a Knorr stock cube and water, bit of parsley at the end, little bit of olive oil. It's about making the food deliciously tasty.''' ,'''I wouldn't want to be in one room, 20 hours a day, 52 weeks a year, with four white walls and a stove. I think it stunts your growth as a human being.''' ,]
+++