+++
author = "Joe Flacco"
title = "Joe Flacco Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Joe Flacco Quotes"
keywords = "joe flacco,joe flacco quotes,joe flacco quote,joe flacco sayings,joe flacco saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I never actually thought about my delivery. I was always just throwing the ball.''' ,'''It's a crazy game. It's a game we all choose to play.''' ,'''Nothing is every promised to us, man.''' ,'''I don't know what the fascination is with 'Jersey Shore,' the show. I grew up going to the Jersey Shore and I think it's an incredible place to vacation. The show, I think people like to see crazy TV, and that's what the fascination is.''' ,'''There are times where you have to be selfish.''' ,'''I'm not a selfish person, I don't think.''' ,'''You get a lot of money and you realize it's pretty cool.''' ,'''You can't play to not lose.''' ,'''What I choose to do reflects who I am.''' ,'''The preseason games are always weird because you know you're not going to play a ton, but you have to get ready like it's a regular-season game. There can be pressure to go out there and do well.''' ,'''I really like revenge movies.''' ,'''I have a tough time beating around the bush and just saying something you want to hear. I kind of say it how it is, even if I don't realize that's maybe not what I should say at the moment.''' ,'''Obviously, when you take a quarterback, when you take anybody in the first round, it means something.''' ,'''I just wanted to play baseball because I liked baseball. I never was giving up on football.''' ,'''No matter how well or how bad you play, when you have a chance of winning and you come up a little bit too short, it obviously hits you a little bit. It stinks.''' ,'''People are going to go out and do things after games and celebrate and do that kind of stuff. Everybody cannot be everywhere, and nobody can prevent crazy things from happening. Stuff is going to happen, and you've just got to deal with it.''' ,'''Listen, I don't think there are any backups in this league that don't have aspirations to be a starting quarterback. It's just part of the business. It's part of being on a team and knowing your role.''' ,'''When you're a 4-6 football team, obviously you haven't played the way you wanted to or the way you think you could.''' ,'''It always gets you going when you get hit for the first time. It reminds you that you play football.''' ,'''I want to play as long as I can.''' ,'''We tend to just think about how hard it is to never have thrown to a guy. That is true, every guy has their own way of doing things and you build a rapport with guys throughout the course of the year and throughout practice and all of that.''' ,'''It doesn't feel good in the NFL when you lose a football game until you get out there and win another one and another one.''' ,'''In my mind, the speed of the game is mental.''' ,'''In order to make it in this league, period, you have to be able to tune out some things and believe in yourself and go play.''' ,'''In this league, there's a lot of times when you're going to have guys open, and it's going to be all good and the fact that you're off a tick might not matter. But when it really matters, you're going to need to be right on it. And I think the more reps you get, the more likely chance you have to feel comfortable in those times of high stress.''' ,'''There is definitely little things that motivate you every year.''' ,'''If you let yourself believe that you are unsure about what you're doing, then the game is fast. But if you go out there and you're confident and have an idea of what you're supposed to do, then the game slows down for you.''' ,'''As long as you keep your body healthy quarterback is a position where you should get better as you age.''' ,'''What fun would it be if we were perfect in everything that we did? Football is not about that.''' ,'''Anytime you have a child, it's one of your best days.''' ,'''When things aren't going as well as you might like them to be, it's always a question as to whether my personality... fits what an NFL quarterback should be. It's not anything I'm not used to.''' ,'''What motivates me is being the best quarterback in the world.''' ,'''I don't have that much interest in golf, to be honest with you. I like playing. It's fun. But after a while it gets boring.''' ,'''I'm not going to be 50 and playing. I hope I'm 40, but 50, no.''' ,'''I've been playing football for a long time and I love to play this game.''' ,'''When I'm not playing football Sundays, I get pretty bored. When I don't have that, it's kind of tough to get by.''' ,'''Everyone knows quarterback is a position where it takes a while to really start playing well.''' ,'''This is football, man. We all sign up to get hit.''' ,'''I don't play this game to be average.''' ,'''It's a violent sport. It's meant to be that way.''' ,'''When you are a player, you don't really understand the criticism when you feel like you played pretty well.''' ,'''Joe Montana was my favorite. I just thought he was the best at the time. He wasn't playing too, too much when I got into high school or anything, but he was just a winning guy and he played very consistent football.''' ,'''Listen, winning the Super Bowl, winning the Super Bowl MVP doesn't make me as valuable as I am.''' ,'''You want to go out there and you want to show up for your teammates every Sunday, and you do everything you can to make sure that happens.''' ,'''Listen, everybody likes the football their way.''' ,'''I think as a play-caller, you have to just go out there, rely on your guys that you have that are out there, rely on the fact that they have ability. And as a quarterback, you have to go out there and just go through your reads.''' ,'''I assume everybody thinks they're a top-five quarterback. I mean, I think I'm the best. I don't think I'm top five, I think I'm the best. I don't think I'd be very successful at my job if I didn't feel that way.''' ,'''I have a great relationship with Special Olympics back in Baltimore and have had one for many years.''' ,'''Hey, it's tough not to have a ton of admiration for the fans of Baltimore. And, for it me, it's because they are such a hard-working, blue-collar fan base that loves football.''' ,'''I could quarantine forever.''' ,'''Each one is different; each season is different.''' ,'''Listen, I want to win football games; whatever's going to help us win.''' ,'''What you think you see and what you think a guy did wrong, maybe he did right. Or you see a touchdown pass, but the guy might've been wrong. Something crazy might have happened. You don't know that. That's the toughest thing when it comes to judging play on a football field.''' ,'''If you want to have a Super Bowl, put a retractable dome on your stadium, then you can get one.''' ,'''I do know that you'll definitely never see me sporting a mustache.''' ,'''I have the same routine every game day, when it comes to waking up and what I do at the hotel and stuff, but nothing crazy.''' ,'''I've thrown many picks in my life, man.''' ,'''With Tom Brady, quarterbacks are playing now until they're about 60 years old.''' ,'''It means a lot to me as a quarterback if my receivers think I'm a good quarterback. It doesn't really matter what everybody else thinks, but it means a lot to me when I feel like those guys trust me.''' ,'''Getting in field-goal range isn't that tough.''' ,'''I'm a guy that does not like to throw interceptions.''' ,'''It's not like I'm a lineman and no matter what, the game is physical. There's weeks where I get hit a lot and weeks where I don't.''' ,'''When you go out there and you try to change things around and avoid a guy or pick your spots to go at a guy, I think you're usually taking away a piece of your offense that you rely on a lot.''' ,'''I think audibles, the way people talk about it, it's overrated.''' ,'''There's a lot of disappointment when you lose a playoff game.''' ,'''You don't have a lot of transplants in Baltimore. And I think that makes sports mean more to the people who live there. It translates to the passion of the fans and how the stadium reacts on Sunday.''' ,'''You pick guys in the first round - whenever you pick guys - you pick them for a reason.''' ,'''There are guys out there that have got to make a living on hating on somebody.''' ,'''I would like more people to think good things about me, but if they never do, they never do.''' ,'''I'm never going to question myself or question the guys around me. We're just going to look at each other and we're going to look in the mirror and I'm going to tell myself and everybody that we have to get better, I have to get better.''' ,'''I still carry it with me that I'm a I-AA guy and I had to go down to the minor leagues in college football and prove who I was.''' ,'''I'm the same as I am on the field as I am off the field. It's not an act. I can't be another person on the field as opposed to being off the field. I am on who I am off.''' ,'''When you're a quarterback in this league, you're going to be talked about and it's going to be on a weekly basis.''' ,'''I never had a job. My first job was quarterback for the Baltimore Ravens.''' ,'''I feel like, as long as you truly are a good player, then you can't go out and have a bad season.''' ,'''You don't want to get to the point where you play out your contract and you get to those complicated situations where they can put the franchise tag on you and things like that.''' ,'''In the regular season you always say, 'Take it one game at a time.' But the playoffs, they kind of make you do that.''' ,'''I want to go out and win football games, and I want the ball to be put in my hands.''' ,'''Any time you can get a win against a good football team with not a lot of guys healthy, it's a big week for us.''' ,'''We all sign up where you might get hurt. That's what makes this league a little bit different than any other in professional sports.''' ,'''You can deal with a little pain. It's just about making sure you can throw the ball good enough to go out there and help your team.''' ,'''I play this game to be the best, and it doesn't matter what other people say, I think I'm pretty damn good.''' ,'''Winning the Super Bowl is the No. 1 priority.''' ,'''The most important thing is win enough games to get into the playoffs. Then, once you get into the playoffs, win.''' ,'''You can't be afraid to say, 'Coach, I don't understand.'''' ,'''I've always wanted to have a family of my own.''' ,'''The bottom line is you have to win the big game, and that's the Super Bowl.''' ,'''It's tough to maintain 15-play drives consistently and score points.''' ,'''That's part of being a leader, being the guy that people look to and making everybody around you better.''' ,'''I don't own an iPod.''' ,'''There's always that training camp feeling that comes back to you when you're getting ready to go.''' ,'''We don't always get our respect but you've got to deal with it and go out there every week and just win football games.''' ,'''There is a lot of pressure on organizations and on players to win it all. If you don't, there is a lot of disappointment and a lot of fallout because of it.''' ,'''We used to listen to a lot of AC/DC before games to get fired up. 'TNT,' 'Thunderstruck,' all that stuff. It really gets you pumped.''' ,'''I'm going to try to get my kid involved in golf and maybe try to get my kid to try to qualify for the PGA Tour. That's my dream.''' ,'''I love the no-huddle.''' ,'''I definitely have a chip on my shoulder after having transfered to Division I-AA.''' ,'''I try to throw a pretty catchable ball. I like to think I do.''' ,'''I think there is definitely a physical peak for people, and it's probably a little bit later than most people would believe.''' ,'''In so many ways, when you're in college, you're even closer with the locker room than you are with a professional team.''' ,]
+++