+++
author = "Kovai Sarala"
title = "Kovai Sarala Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Kovai Sarala Quotes"
keywords = "kovai sarala,kovai sarala quotes,kovai sarala quote,kovai sarala sayings,kovai sarala saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There have been quite a few films where we comediennes have come together, and all of them have been hits.''' ,'''I've always worked at a steady pace, listening to my heart.''' ,'''After 'Kanchana,' I was surprised to see that children enjoyed my antics on screen.''' ,'''I believe in healthy competition not jealousy.''' ,'''Playing heroine was never an aspiration. If I had been particular about it, I would have faded out of the scene long ago.''' ,'''In Telugu, there can be ten comedians in one film and everyone gets along, without feeling intimidated or marginalised.''' ,'''Like any other, this is an industry where complexes, ego and politics abound.''' ,'''My kitty is full of films and I have been shuttling between Chennai and Hyderabad.''' ,'''I'm married to films, my life revolves around movies and I want to work here till I die.''' ,'''While in 'Komban' I played the mother of Karthi, a relatively quiet character, the mother role in 'Kanchana 2' was a stark contrast.''' ,'''Even when low-brow comedy ruled, I ensured my lines were not vulgar.''' ,'''Women in Tamil Nadu are repressed. This must change.''' ,'''Many suggested I should move to Hyderabad. But I prefer remaining in Chennai and travelling to and fro.''' ,'''As long as I am on the sets I am like a goddess, goody-goody and nice. If there is something that upsets me or irritates me, I don't show it there. I wait till I get home and direct it on my family.''' ,'''I love cooking. I prepare kolambu, maintain the house... just like anyone else.''' ,'''After a hard day's work on the sets, I can't imagine allotting time to pander to the whims of a husband.''' ,'''Earlier I used to be scared of ghosts. Now, after having done so many paei films, I start thinking to myself 'Naaney Pei.'''' ,'''We must ensure that the men in our homes vote for a party that will work for the development of women.''' ,'''The audience always looks for a change. After a spate of action, and romance, now they want to laugh.''' ,]
+++