+++
author = "Trevante Rhodes"
title = "Trevante Rhodes Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Trevante Rhodes Quotes"
keywords = "trevante rhodes,trevante rhodes quotes,trevante rhodes quote,trevante rhodes sayings,trevante rhodes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As actors and directors, I feel like our job, more so than anything else, is to shine a light on a subject and to let people know that they're not alone.''' ,'''As for what I look for, I don't know any other way to put it, but I look for truth, and honesty, because that's something that's few and far between. And obviously, someone who takes care of herself physically. But truth, honesty, and love, that's what's most important. Oh, and someone who can vibe to some jazz. Because I love jazz music a lot.''' ,'''I was given an opportunity to do sports in college and get a degree because of it. I ran track for the University of Texas and was studying to be a petroleum landman. And I was gifted an opportunity to audition for a film during my last semester in college, which I discovered while jogging around campus.''' ,'''For me, I coin Austin as being kind of a baby brother to L.A. Because it's pretty much the same thing; L.A. is just amplified to the nth degree.''' ,'''I'm the way I am now because I was bullied when I was the lanky, gangly, skinny kid. I was the guy who would flick everybody off, and my middle finger was this skinny, long stick. I got picked on because of that.''' ,'''I always loved watching films. I've always been active, pretending I was a Power Ranger or a Ninja Turtle. I remember watching 'Toy Story.' I think that was one of my first movies.''' ,'''People-watching is my favorite thing to do. This is blowing my mind. I fixate on one person, and then I think about the struggles in their life. I think about what made them walk the way they do.''' ,'''Within my second month of being in L.A., I booked my first audition. It was, like, a co-star on a show called 'Gang Related.' I got cut out of it.''' ,'''Chiron is so distant from the person I am; it's important for me to distance myself from that so people can understand that was the character. Hopefully, I'll find another opportunity that allows me to stretch like that again.''' ,'''Whenever you see someone who's having a rough day, it's one thing to ask if they're okay, because most people would just walk by. That can be life-changing to that person who's going through whatever they're going through. I'm that kind of person, so that's been my training for acting: just caring about people.''' ,'''One of my best friends since I was eleven years old is a gay man, and I knew his struggle. It was a tough life, you not accepting yourself.''' ,'''My mother is the most important person I know, and I try to be the same as she.''' ,'''I enjoy learning about other people. I really didn't understand that until 'Moonlight.'''' ,'''I'm very inquisitive, and I always have questions and need to touch things to see how it works or why it works.''' ,'''Everything I want, I do it like it's the last thing.''' ,'''I'm a cinephile. I love foreign films; I love films that are really immersive.''' ,'''From start to finish, my experience with 'Moonlight' has been the most unique thing.''' ,'''I find it really unique that the black community, who has been oppressed and is still oppressed, can find a way to oppress themselves, and ourselves, within it.''' ,'''I can eat a lot of pizza. And I can cook. I'm from New Orleans, so it's just in my blood.''' ,'''The question people ask me all the time is, 'How was it playing a gay character? How was it pretending to love a man?' And I don't mean to be abrasive, but that's just the stupidest question in the world to me. To assume there is a difference is ignorance. You're born a certain way. I was born loving women. I could have been born loving men.''' ,'''If we can fathom stripping away sexual orientation, skin color, sex, we're all the exact same: We just want connection. We just want love.''' ,'''I was really squeamish growing up - not too fond of blood and guts.''' ,'''I'm the kind of person where I always digest everything around me.''' ,'''The main thing that I learned in doing 'Moonlight' is that we get to shine light on a way of living, or a person, or whatever it may be that otherwise wouldn't have light or that otherwise wouldn't have any exposure, so people have no idea.''' ,'''To me, acting used to be just, 'Get my face out there, get girls, make a little bit of money, make my mom proud.' It was just like sports. But there were moments in 'Moonlight' that I really felt like I had to know why he is the way he is. Or just people in general - why this person walks around with a frown on their face instead of a smile.''' ,]
+++