+++
author = "Montserrat Caballe"
title = "Montserrat Caballe Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Montserrat Caballe Quotes"
keywords = "montserrat caballe,montserrat caballe quotes,montserrat caballe quote,montserrat caballe sayings,montserrat caballe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am living against all predictions. The doctors say I am a sort of witch.''' ,'''Music is part of life. It is not the real life. I belong to that first: family, children. The important things.''' ,'''The sound of a mother's voice expresses a feeling of intimacy, which has a truly magical effect on the listener.''' ,'''I try in roles like Salome to sing earthily, but it comes out as sweet-earthy. You know, it's like when someone has a beautiful face: you can do what you want to it, but it's still beautiful.''' ,'''Of course there are other prima donnas around. So many of my colleagues, younger ones, are wonderful.''' ,'''I realised in 1985, after sitting for months and being very down, that I have to move. I have to be busy. Because, otherwise, it is like being in a waiting room. And waiting for what?''' ,'''The moment you say, 'Please, give me a reason for this', then you are being impossible and temperamental.''' ,'''You see, God has blessed me - I don't know how else to say it - with a beautiful sound.''' ,'''First, love to the family. Second, love to career. Third, love to the audience.''' ,'''Nothing special, I have not a special talent. I have been born with a sound, and I like music and try to serve it, but talent is a scientist.''' ,'''I have many that wants to, let's say, marry me. But I always tell my mother that the day I have to ask myself, 'I love this man?' means I don't love him.''' ,'''You are born with a sound; everyone is, less or more. And this sound has to be developed. I am not talking about vocal technique; I am not talking about how to sing. I am talking about how to produce a sound.''' ,'''It is the sensation of being tired but having a good feeling, you know, a sensation that you have done it honestly and given all your strength. And it is no matter that you feel like this, because this is what you have to do when you go into this sort of life. This is what I choose.''' ,'''If I cannot sing, I have the impression that I no longer exist. I mean it. I mean that I am not physically there.''' ,'''A soprano's voice is a little like a mother's cry, which is why it attracts all human beings.''' ,'''I have never felt like a diva!''' ,'''I've received many awards, but I'm most proud of the ones for my country's music.''' ,'''I may no longer sing as I did 30 years ago, but what I am doing, I am doing well.''' ,'''Drama if I sing, drama if I don't sing. What do you do?''' ,'''I don't cancel because of temperament. I have had seven major surgeries in my life. I have had tumors. I have had two children with Caesareans; you don't just get up and sing the day after one of those.''' ,'''I am not a person who can do nothing. I get very bored.''' ,'''I love to sing with my daughter. Audiences like it because a mother-daughter pairing is a curiosity.''' ,'''This has not changed: always like the first time, very, very nervous. But when the music begins, you are in the music, it's a sort of transformation. Your feeling for the music is greater and has nothing to do with your nerves. You go out of yourself.''' ,'''When a singer truly feels and experiences what the music is all about, the words will automatically ring true.''' ,'''I feel like a person who has dedicated her whole life to the music she loves.''' ,]
+++