+++
author = "Eric Reid"
title = "Eric Reid Quotes"
quotes_len = "85"
description = "the best 85 Eric Reid Quotes"
keywords = "eric reid,eric reid quotes,eric reid quote,eric reid sayings,eric reid saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For me, when I make a mistake on the field, it hurts. I usually don't forget it until the same situation comes up and I make it right.''' ,'''I was taught growing up that you always do what you believe.''' ,'''You'll do anything for your child and that's what I'm doing.''' ,'''When I'm on the field, I just do my job.''' ,'''The goal is to talk about the issues that are happening in this country with the ultimate goal of making change.''' ,'''I'm from Louisiana, and I'm used to having space and a yard.''' ,'''I've had concussions, and I'm still here. I still love the sport.''' ,'''I think that's awesome to have a former player in the GM role, somebody that not only understands the game of football but has played the game of football.''' ,'''I love big hits.''' ,'''I still bleed purple and gold, so it was a no-brainer for me to go to LSU.''' ,'''Faith without works is dead.''' ,'''We want our president to be a president and not threaten to shut down the government over a wall. To change the oppression that happens in this country, it has no place in the world, let alone America.''' ,'''I trust my ability to play in any defense.''' ,'''When it comes to the NFLPA, I don't have problem saying what's right, whether it upsets somebody or not.''' ,'''We've got to keep fighting. Got to keep agitating. Got to keep making sure that we put pressure on the people who make the laws, and the decisions, in this country.''' ,'''I've just always done what I've felt is best, according to what the Bible tells me. That's why I started protesting, and that's what I continue to do every day.''' ,'''There's always opposition when you speak on topics like I'm speaking on. But I'm a black man in America. I grew up black in America. You can't tell me that what I've experienced and what I've seen is not true.''' ,'''I try to look at myself to get better as a player.''' ,'''It's nice to get comfortable with the plays before the season starts.''' ,'''I have a job to do, so I'm gonna do it.''' ,'''There are issues in this country that a lot of people feel strongly about.''' ,'''I have a Mercedes, which is a pretty fast car. It's not a Lamborghini.''' ,'''All three of us boys, we grew up playing soccer. It was all of our first love. One of my coaches actually wanted me to try out for the U.S. national team, but I decided to quit to pursue football.''' ,'''It has always been my understanding that the brave men and women who fought and died for our country did so to ensure that we could live in a fair and free society, which includes the right to speak out in protest.''' ,'''I've been very fortunate and blessed to have been able to play football at LSU.''' ,'''It's funny, you'll probably find me more often watching soccer than a football game, because I get enough football in my daily schedule.''' ,'''I prefer safety. That's what I've played my whole life, but if the team needs me to play linebacker, then I'll do it.''' ,'''My faith is ultimately what led me to start protesting and it's what continues to drive me.''' ,'''I think that's something that we as black people in this country have been robbed of. I compare it to my brother's wife, who is Hispanic. She was born in America but her parents are from Honduras. She speaks Spanish. She knows the culture. But most black people, we were robbed of that. We don't know our heritage.''' ,'''We have to speak up for those who can't do it for themselves.''' ,'''I think our society today, the negativity is at the forefront, so you see all the people that have outrage about this or that.''' ,'''I will keep speaking for my people.''' ,'''I pride myself on knowing the defense.''' ,'''You can't serve God and money.''' ,'''I can't imagine how traumatic it must be to have a gun pointed to your head for no reason at all.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you're just another person in society. It doesn't matter how much fame you have. It doesn't matter how much money you have.''' ,'''I have a military background in my family.''' ,'''The Great Depression, they come out with the New Deal, black people didn't have access to those government stimulus packages. The New Deal set up what is known as the modern-day middle class. We didn't have access to programs - the G.I. Bill, Social Security, home loans - none of that.''' ,'''I pride myself on being able to get the guys lined up on the team, and being a great teammate and also doing my job.''' ,'''I'm not going to change the way I play.''' ,'''I do like playing strong safety.''' ,'''Football is a game.''' ,'''Being from Louisiana, I'm very familiar with the heat and what it can do to you if you don't take care of your body.''' ,'''I'd like to think I improve every day. That's the goal. I try to.''' ,'''In fact, my mom would have gone to the Persian Gulf War had she not been pregnant with me.''' ,'''We know that racism and white privilege are both very much alive today.''' ,'''If I have another concussion and I don't feel like I can play anymore, then I won't.''' ,'''I feel like I would be a hypocrite not to use my platform to speak up for people who are facing oppression in this country. I did it and I still do it because I believe it's worth letting people know that if we do this together, if we stand up together we can make change.''' ,'''I expect to work hard, earn the respect of my teammates and hopefully I can start.''' ,'''It is paramount that we take control of the story behind our movement, which is that we seek equality for all Americans, no matter their race or gender.''' ,'''It's not easy to do the unpopular thing.''' ,'''I believe I've got to speak up for my people.''' ,'''I believe that there are issues in this country - many issues, too many to name. It's not one particular issue. But there are people out there that feel there are injustices being made and happening in our country on a daily basis.''' ,'''I love cars.''' ,'''You know you can't satisfy anybody.''' ,'''We'll continue to hold America to the standard it says on paper that we're all created equal because it's not that way right now. But we're going to keep pushing towards that.''' ,'''I try not to look too far ahead.''' ,'''Everybody evaluates their own situation as far as playing this game.''' ,'''As long as you focus on getting better at one thing a day it accumulates.''' ,'''My mother served in the Armed Forces.''' ,'''I think I'm a very cerebral player.''' ,'''It's important to discuss the issues that we have in our country.''' ,'''Nothing will change unless you talk about it.''' ,'''It's really exciting for me and my brothers to watch the World Cup.''' ,'''It was always my dream to go to LSU and play football.''' ,'''You'd like to think we're past certain things, the way we treat people. I thought we were at a time where you love your neighbor as yourself. But as I've studied history - it hasn't repeated itself necessarily, but it's dressed a little different and is acting the same.''' ,'''Any time you do something - a protest - you know there's going to be backlash.''' ,'''There's nothing like being on the field, taking on blocks, chasing after fast guys.''' ,'''I think I'm a very versatile player, that's how I was at LSU.''' ,'''I played a ton of special teams at LSU. I'm familiar with it, I'm comfortable doing it.''' ,'''The game of football has changed for me. It was a personal goal for me at first. But now it's a way to provide for my family. It's a way to provide for my daughter. I'm just ecstatic that I can do that.''' ,'''Obviously I descend from Africa.''' ,'''I mean, football is a violent sport.''' ,'''I majored in business at LSU before I left.''' ,'''For one, when has Jay-Z ever taken a knee to come out and tell us that we're past kneeling? Yes, he's done a lot of great work, a lot of great social justice work. But for you to get paid to go into an NFL press conference and say that we're past kneeling? Again, asinine.''' ,'''My goal every day is just to get better at something.''' ,'''Guys that are playing in the preseason are one play away from being a starter.''' ,'''I think players on all teams are close.''' ,'''Ever since the eighth grade, I can honestly say I cut out carbonated drinks from my diet and started focusing on hydrating my body well. It's a message that needs to get out, especially in the south.''' ,'''The Players Coalition is an NFL-funded subversion group, so that's why I removed myself from them.''' ,'''Three of my uncles served in the Armed Forces.''' ,'''Tackling is my favorite part of the game.''' ,'''I refuse to be one of those people who watches injustices yet does nothing.''' ,'''In the stands, I've always heard the people yelling. When I'm in the community, when I get approached, I can honestly say I've not had anybody say stop kneeling in public. It's all been supportive.''' ,'''We have to lower our guard and know saying something's wrong isn't a bad thing.''' ,]
+++