+++
author = "Chuck Fleischmann"
title = "Chuck Fleischmann Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Chuck Fleischmann Quotes"
keywords = "chuck fleischmann,chuck fleischmann quotes,chuck fleischmann quote,chuck fleischmann sayings,chuck fleischmann saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We need to encourage and reward those who play by the rules.''' ,'''When I came to Congress, I campaigned for fiscal responsibility. And the earmarking problem and crisis caused a great erosion in the public's confidence in Congress. We've got to find a way to do it without that. And I'm confident that we can.''' ,'''It's incumbent upon all members of Congress to support legislation that keeps us safe at home and abroad.''' ,'''Any time you have someone's first-hand account of the sheer terror that ISIS can provoke... that's powerful.''' ,'''If we continue to cut something with each resolution, I would say we're making steady progress and sending a strong conservative message.''' ,'''Having no experience in running a business, President Obama just doesn't get it. In fact, he fights against it. Just recently, he said, 'If you've got a business - you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen.'''' ,'''I began to get calls from constituents, 'Do you think you can ever get on transportation?' So when there was a vacancy created, I worked very hard to get there.''' ,'''When you have... bipartisan support, it shouldn't devolve into a bipartisan fight.''' ,'''We're all still kids when it comes to baseball.''' ,'''We must get all the facts on the table, and then determine where we go.''' ,'''I wear frayed khaki pants.''' ,'''There's a lot of stuff out there that government shouldn't do.''' ,'''It takes time for 700,000 people to get to know their congressman.''' ,'''We live in a dangerous world, and Russia has not complied with existing treaties.''' ,'''There needs to be fiscal common sense.''' ,'''I fervently believe that education is the key to moving forward.''' ,'''We can't continue to tax, borrow, and spend at the rates that we are, and it's just got to be stopped.''' ,'''I've always loved small business.''' ,'''I am not a fan of Obamacare. But I was bound and determined to try to comply with the law. I've done everything in my power to try to do that.''' ,'''Most people would agree that infrastructure is something government should do.''' ,'''I didn't eat for two days when Bill Clinton won, but after Obama's election, I was genuinely depressed.''' ,'''We want real job creation and a fertile business environment for small business owners.''' ,'''As Obamacare devolves and starts to fall apart, what do you get? This big-government largesse that is involved in Obamacare, my fear is that it's going to devolve into a single-payer system, and we really can't afford to let that happen.''' ,'''Foreign terrorists are using technology to radicalize Americans at a troubling pace that continues to increase.''' ,'''Whether you are Hillary Clinton or any other lefty out there, you better beware because Trey Gowdy is out there, and he is going to get you.''' ,'''There's a tremendous amount of rural areas where the constituencies tell me on a regular basis that they are underserved by the availability of broadband.''' ,'''Small business is the backbone of America.''' ,'''People have been very strong against Obamacare since I was first elected, and they still feel that way. They want us to work to get rid of it. They also are very strong for keeping the government running.''' ,'''I think we ought to take Al Gore, put him on an iceberg, and put him way out there.''' ,'''I've always believed in local government.''' ,'''First and foremost, the duty of a representative is to represent the interests of his constituents.''' ,'''We all have to be concerned about the world being very dangerous.''' ,'''ISIS is luring Americans with empty and false promises that do not reflect reality on the ground in Iraq.''' ,'''We've got to look at waste, fraud, and abuse across the board.''' ,'''I'm a can-do conservative, and I just love the job, and I think I'm going to get re-elected.''' ,'''I don't view our approach as negative. I view our approach that when you have a candidate in a Republican primary make statements that would make his position to the left of Nancy Pelosi and Barack Obama on immigration... we need to bring that out to the people.''' ,'''Nobody wants the United States to default on its debt. Nobody. But, at some point in time, we've got to address the fiscal woes of this nation.''' ,'''We won the Cold War because we showed nuclear vigilance and diligence.''' ,'''I've never been a show horse or particularly charismatic. I'm just the guy who gets up and works hard every day.''' ,]
+++