+++
author = "Amber Le Bon"
title = "Amber Le Bon Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Amber Le Bon Quotes"
keywords = "amber le bon,amber le bon quotes,amber le bon quote,amber le bon sayings,amber le bon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always accessorise with jewellery. I am a bit of a magpie; I love sparkles, and so wearing jewellery makes me feel more exciting and confident, too!''' ,'''I love Maje, Rick Owens, Helmut Lang, Christopher Kane, Felder + Felder, and Sam Edelman shoes.''' ,'''I don't really see myself as a socialite or as a 'child of someone.' I'd rather be working than going to fashion parties all the time.''' ,'''If I'm feeling in a naughty mood, I'll steal some of Mama's Creme De La Mer. If I'm feeling in a very naughty mood, I'll steal some of Daddy's Creme De La Mer. On the whole though, I'm very low maintenance.''' ,'''I use Simple face wipes and Nivea face cream. For my body any kind of body butter, the more moisturising the better.''' ,'''I don't know where I see myself next month let alone five years. My whole life is last minute. I enjoy the spontaneity of it; I like not knowing what I will do next or whether I will be in the country next week. I just enjoy being around a creative environment.''' ,'''Throw out the rule book. If you like wearing navy and black together, wear it; if you like mixing up gold and silver jewellery, mix it. If you like it, wear it - don't care about what anyone else thinks.''' ,'''Get a really good coat that will last a couple of years and that you can't wait to put on when the weather starts to turn.''' ,'''The life of a model is so varied that I never know what will be happening from one week to the next.''' ,'''You have to live through things. You can't have other people telling you to do that and do this. It's important to live through things.''' ,'''I always accessorize with jewelry. I am a bit of a magpie; I love sparkles, and so wearing jewelry makes me feel more exciting and confident, too!''' ,'''My style is definitely schizophrenic; it does change from day to day a lot. It depends on my mood: sometimes I'll be going through a girly, childlike stage and wear a pretty lace dress with a bow in my hair. Then sometimes I'll be moody and just wear black.''' ,'''I love Forever 21. A friend of mine introduced it to me when I was in New York. I was borrowing a dress and said, 'Where's that from?' and she said, 'Oh, it's Forever 21,' and I said, 'What, I've never heard of that!' and she said, 'Oh it's this American brand,' and I thought, 'Why doesn't England have that; why doesn't Europe have one?'''' ,'''Never leave home without a great gloss: Dior Addict Perfecto is one of my faves.''' ,'''A tip for looking 'picture perfect' is probably a smile. I think everyone looks better when they are happy; you give off a glow - or at least that is what my mum would say!''' ,'''My mum is great for keeping hold of old classics - pieces of clothing that never age and never go out of fashion. She also says, 'Make sure you always smile - it makes everything look better!'''' ,'''Your parents are always a big influence on you. They help you make you who you are. The main thing my parents taught me is just to be a nice person - to be generous, kind and happy. I hope it comes off when I work and meet people.''' ,'''If I'm not feeling super confident about an outfit or a little insecure - I'll probably accessorize my outfit with some jewelry.''' ,'''Being put in a group, I hate that. I don't think anyone likes it. Everyone just wants to be their own person.''' ,'''I don't really go out that much, if I'm honest. I'm quite a recluse. If I had my way, I'd probably be at home most of the time with a book and a cup of tea or glass of wine.''' ,'''My mum is great for keeping hold of old classics - pieces of clothing that never age and never go out of fashion.''' ,'''I actually love shopping in vintage shops. What I do with the high street, I buy it, then keep it for a while and then wear it when everyone's not wearing it. So I do that: stock up, then keep it hidden!''' ,'''To me, the most important thing is to wear something that I love and feel comfortable in, and Christmas is a great opportunity to get one of my old favourites out.''' ,'''That's my one rule: always take off my makeup; no matter how tired I am before going to bed, it comes off!''' ,'''I think it's the easiest thing in the world to be friendly and say 'please' and 'thank you.' I try and remember it and use it.''' ,'''I'm very low maintenance. I use Simple wipes to take off my makeup, wash my hair with whatever's in the shower.''' ,]
+++