+++
author = "Charlotte Ritchie"
title = "Charlotte Ritchie Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Charlotte Ritchie Quotes"
keywords = "charlotte ritchie,charlotte ritchie quotes,charlotte ritchie quote,charlotte ritchie sayings,charlotte ritchie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I bring my own energy to any part, and in 'Siblings', I get to bring my horrible side.''' ,'''It's always incredible though when you feel like the writer knows the character intimately and can see their life sprawling away outside of the show.''' ,'''I'm not an active person on social media, really. I always get nervous tweeting anything. The moment I tweet, I get this plummeting sense of regret. I delete roughly 95 percent of my tweets immediately.''' ,'''I used to tell really boring stories as a child, about my toy panda's nose falling off, or something equally dull.''' ,'''I think people don't think or talk about death very much. I don't think we're very open about it, at least in my experience.''' ,'''I was given a Roberts digital radio by my mum and dad. I think it's my favorite possession.''' ,'''I used to sing as a living while I was at university.''' ,'''I just wrote out a long description of my best dream and realised telling people your dreams just can't be allowed, it's too boring.''' ,'''Singing in character you can be more of a show off or more modest because it isn't yourself it's a nice way to sing, unusual, a bit like being in musical I guess.''' ,'''My favorite thing is just walking around London in no direction. I love people watching. And you can turn down a street and feel suddenly as if you are in Venice, or you'll be in a Spanish area or somewhere very English or Middle Eastern.''' ,'''My mum's father was a producer and her mother was an actress, so my mum was fully behind me going into acting.''' ,'''I really didn't understand how I got from my singing teacher's living room to the Albert Hall.''' ,'''Nothing annoys me more than uninformed people not considering the effects of what they say.''' ,'''I really liked 'Green Wing'. I wish something like that could come back.''' ,'''I'm just getting to know the local pubs. I do enjoy going out in east London.''' ,'''I can't imagine London is different to anywhere else - people with cars are always the most popular.''' ,'''I wouldn't claim to be a gamer. I have played video games in the past.''' ,'''But I'm the worst sort of gamer because I don't stick to things and I don't really care about winning. It's the same with sports and stuff like that. If it's too difficult I'll stop.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of both Linda Bassett and Pam Ferris, but had to pretend I was calm about it.''' ,'''You have that first joy of finding work, and then to become part of a show like 'Call the Midwife' - which I have watched religiously with my mum since it started -is doubly brilliant.''' ,'''The amount of people online who game is huge. It's a community that's not very visible but is in full force.''' ,'''I used to play 'Grand Theft Auto' when I was an early teen, between eleven and thirteen.''' ,'''And since I have become an actor, not one person has asked me what degree I got.''' ,'''I have this irrational fear of north London - it feels like proper London, scary and fast moving.''' ,'''I'm kind of a bit of a space nerd. I like all of that kind of stuff.''' ,'''I don't really watch shows as a regular routine any more, but I loved 'Happy Valley'. Yes it was depressing, but at least I knew it would all be over in six episodes.''' ,'''I hope radio is more popular than it might seem. There aren't that many radio plays on and I think they have a bit of a bad rep for being not very gripping or low budget or on at funny times.''' ,'''My favorite station is BBC Radio 6 Music, in particular Shaun Keaveny's morning show. It's on while I'm dashing around getting ready. He's a comedian and really makes me laugh, and I love his choice of music - often bands I've never heard before.''' ,'''If I actually thought about 'Fresh Meat' going on television, I just couldn't or wouldn't do it - it's so terrifying!''' ,'''I used to be a bit of a show-off at school, but I've calmed down now and learnt to censor myself.''' ,]
+++