+++
author = "James Murphy"
title = "James Murphy Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 James Murphy Quotes"
keywords = "james murphy,james murphy quotes,james murphy quote,james murphy sayings,james murphy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I got a phone message from Janet Jackson saying, 'Hi, I love 'Losing My Edge', can you do me something funky and dirty like that?' I can't really do off-the-peg stuff, so I never called back.''' ,'''Restaurants remind me of bands: there's lots of camaraderie, people work very closely together, very hard, and it's a bad job to pick if you want to make lots of money. Whether music or food, the reward always has to be because you love it.''' ,'''I've always been a good imitator. I love music. But I'm just not that original.''' ,'''I write songs all the time. Sometimes they're just weird songs I sing while changing a baby, or songs about annoying things that I sing to myself, or to friends while sitting at a bar, or about Christmas or New York.''' ,'''I don't see myself as necessarily a very creative person. I'm a technical guy.''' ,'''I was into punk rock my whole life. I never listened to the Eagles. I never listened to things that were getting Grammys. So getting a Grammy nomination wasn't bad, it just wasn't meaningful.''' ,'''The vast majority of kids in my school went on to college. That's just what you did. And I remember feeling like, 'No, I'm not doing that.' The idea that college was next, that it was a given, meant it was of no interest to me. So I didn't go.''' ,'''I understand that if someone's going to make me his idea of cool, I can't control that.''' ,'''There's a difference between a cheap lie and a beautiful lie.''' ,'''Titles are relatively arbitrary to me; they take on meanings that aren't really my meanings. 'Sound Of Silver' was just, like, I made the studio silver, and I wanted the record to sound 'more silver.'''' ,'''I love rock. I love the music that was born out of the latter part of the 20th century. It means a lot to me.''' ,'''I like clever lyrics, funny lyrics, dumb lyrics. I can never put my finger on what I like about them.''' ,'''To do a band properly does kind of mean you don't really get to do anything else.''' ,'''Warhol had resonance because it was high art and low art. And you could argue about it endlessly.''' ,'''I'm an underdog by nature, and I like to be fighting. I don't make music for myself. I make music to fight.''' ,'''I'm basically a schlub.''' ,'''I don't think I've ever made a claim to startling originality.''' ,'''I can be staggeringly evangelical. That's just my personality.''' ,'''Anything that's resolvable is boring, musically. And if it's too chaotic, you don't feel tension; it's chaos.''' ,'''I'm really focused and obsessed with writing things that are specific. I don't like big rock lyrics - I find them infuriating.''' ,'''DJing is really, really pleasant. It's like having people over and making hors d'oeuvres.''' ,'''For most of my life, making music has cost me money. So I learned to live very, very cheaply.''' ,'''One of the things that I think is special about DJing is creating this atmosphere of collectiveness, as if to say, 'We're all in this together.'''' ,'''Ad Rock from the Beastie Boys gave me a present: it's a boombox with a keyboard and a beatbox in it. You can't make that up.''' ,'''I think that not being all that overwhelmed by good reviews is a luxury. I'm like a rich person who says he doesn't care about money.''' ,'''I suppose what happened is that I spent my whole life wanting to be cool but eventually came to recognise the mechanism of how coolness works. So it's not really that I don't want to be cool anymore - it's more like I've come to realise that coolness doesn't exist the way I once assumed.''' ,'''I actually really love people.''' ,'''I'm kind of stunned by hip-hop and R&B's embrace of what is essentially early-to-mid-Nineties Euro pop.''' ,'''I've been to Manchester enough to know it's a real place. It's not Factory Records and the Smiths bicycling around. I get it. It's a modern city.''' ,'''When Andy Kaufman performed, he was not just trying to be funny. He was playing with the notion of what it means to try to be funny, of what it means to be an audience expecting somebody to be funny. He was doing a dance and playing a game.''' ,'''I have a thing about inane lyrics - the world doesn't need them.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I'm a friend of David Byrne, but I guess I'm an acquaintance. I'm obviously an admirer, and we've met, but we don't call and chat about 'Breaking Bad' or anything.''' ,'''I never did albums fully at DFA; I always would go someplace else so I wasn't making a record in my office, basically.''' ,'''After being in a 'professional rock ensemble,' there's a great joy in making music with friends, without any release plan.''' ,'''I was someone who grew up obsessed with bands, how they were and how they treated one another, and how they treated fans.''' ,'''You can't be afraid to embarrass yourself sometimes.''' ,'''There's kind of a limitless amount of things I want to do, and when the path seems to open, that's when I try to do a thing.''' ,'''I am kind of, by definition, a hipster.''' ,'''My gut instincts are strong, but they're not always accessible to me, which is why I like DJing, because you don't have time, and you have to go on instinct.''' ,'''When I want to DJ what I think to be the best-sounding place in the world, I go to this place in Sapporo, Japan, called Precious Hall, which has kind of a custom sound system with a much lower ceiling and a smaller room.''' ,'''I started playing in my first band when I was 12. I like to date myself by saying I was in a New Age band when it wasn't ironic; it was actually called new wave because it was new.''' ,'''I have a very toxic combination of being completely determined, inflexible, controlling and being totally shy, guilty at hurting anyone's feelings, hypersensitive to other people's needs - and it's just paralysing.''' ,'''LCD is a band about a band writing music about writing music.''' ,'''One of the big things that broke the band up for me, which I've become much clearer on over the years, was that I had no desire to be famous.''' ,'''I always wished I had a more flamboyant streak, but it's just not what I'm made of.''' ,'''I don't want to be subsumed into popular culture and played on the radio next to some garbage music.''' ,'''I think I'm designed to regret everything.''' ,'''I miss producing. I hate it when I do it, but I love it.''' ,'''Producing is always really hard, and you can never tell who's going to be easy to get along with and who's going to be difficult.''' ,'''My high-techness is pretty low-tech. I'm not wildly computer savvy. I'm a record person.''' ,'''You can buy $20,000 speakers, but put them in a room that's not right, and it sounds terrible. If you buy $20 speakers and put them in a room that's tuned right, it'll sound great.''' ,'''When I was a kid, when the Walkman came out, I was sold. I listened to music 24 hours a day.''' ,'''I'm generally a very optimistic guy.''' ,'''I'm a very self-conscious person.''' ,'''I don't drink beer, and I don't drink at home.''' ,'''I had friends who were jocks or whatever... Then, around 12 or 13, kids get cliquish and cruel, and that disgusted me. It seemed a reprehensible use of one's arbitrary social status. So I got really aggressive about it and became more of a weird kid.''' ,'''When given the opportunity to fail myself or fail someone else, I choose to fail myself.''' ,'''I was always just blown away by David Bowie and how mannered the guy was willing to be. It was so far from what I imagined someone with my confidence to be capable of.''' ,'''If there was a direct influence on a song, I never hid it.''' ,'''Even in the band I was in when I was a kid, I'd be telling everyone what to do. I'd be leaning over the drums, telling them to tune their guitars, micromanaging.''' ,'''I know it seems like LCD Soundsystem sold millions and millions of records, but we didn't. I'm not a wealthy person.''' ,'''I'm always surprised by how optimistic and open sometimes people who are very successful are.''' ,'''I don't write off silly pop people at all, because you never know where they're coming from.''' ,'''Songs can click together really quickly, and other times, they're really laborious and heavy-lifting.''' ,'''What we are as a live band is different to what we are on recordings, but they're both equal versions: they're both LCD Soundsystem, but in very different ways.''' ,'''I moved to New York in 1989 and went to study at NYU.''' ,'''I actually want to write a treatise in defence of pretension. I think the word 'pretension' has become like the word 'ironic' - just this catch-all term to distance people from interesting experiences and cultural engagement and possible embarrassment.''' ,'''If being in a band was my job, then I would quit. This is not a good job. A good job is in financial management.''' ,'''We didn't set out to be cool. We set out to be an extremely tight band. We wanted to defy expectations. The more negative your mindset on coming to one of our gigs, the better for us, frankly.''' ,'''The Fall was super powerful to me because of their covers. They were intimidating. I bought 'This Nation's Saving Grace' when it came out in 1985, and there was something about it that made me nervous. It terrified me.''' ,'''If I opened a record store, it wouldn't be all punk rock and esoterica.''' ,'''Punk rock, to me, was always outsiderness. When I first saw large-group-scene punk rock, I was repelled by it, because there were way too many people who agreed with each other.''' ,'''Those early years in New Jersey were amazing. We lived in a really small town with tons of kids my age. There were fields and woods and a creek - it was a pretty ideal place to be a little kid.''' ,'''Sound sounds are terrible in the city, but it's great to listen and to walk and listen to people talk to each other. There are birds. You hear spring. I like listening to the city.''' ,'''It's strangely energizing to have people who don't make music themselves take potshots at you from the Internet.''' ,'''One of my favorite photographers is Ruvan Wijesooriya, who takes most of the LCD photos. His work is incredibly colloquial and raw.''' ,'''I have an interest in everything, but I don't have an interest in starting new careers.''' ,'''My personality is based on an anonymity and failure. Failure and anonymity, those are my strengths - superiority from below.''' ,'''When I do a remix, I try to think about what I don't have in my bag and create something to fill that gap.''' ,'''Making 'Sound of Silver' was very emotional at times, where I just hated making that record.''' ,'''I'm not a big songwriter guy. People who are really good singer-songwriters usually left me kind of cold.''' ,'''I don't have a TV, and I don't have a radio.''' ,'''LCD live was set up to be an argument about what's wrong with bands and why bands should be better. I always thought that we were so obviously not a great band, comically not a great band. I was not a great front man.''' ,'''I spent a good amount of time with David Bowie, and I was talking about getting the band back together. He said, 'Does it make you uncomfortable?' I said 'Yeah,', and he said, 'Good. It should. You should be uncomfortable.'''' ,'''I don't prepare very well. I'm always sort of wrapped up in what I'm supposed to be doing in the moment, and then I suddenly appear someplace, and I'm really not prepared.''' ,'''I'm a DJ, and I live in Williamsburg, and I run an independent record company.''' ,'''Songs are songs, and to reduce them is to waste them.''' ,'''I've watched too many artists in my life forget how good the things they used to do were.''' ,'''A lot of the time, you compromise., which is fine - it's part of not being totally insane.''' ,'''In my experience, people looking for progress aren't actually looking to move things forward. They're looking to be perceived in a certain way: as a forward thinker. It's about vanity rather than any altruistic motives for the art.''' ,'''With a computer, you have access to so many drum sounds and samples that your snare drum will be unrelated harmonically to your kick drum.''' ,'''Subway Symphony is a little idea I had to change the sound of the subway turnstiles into different pieces of music, depending on what station you're entering.''' ,'''To me, the band is like one of my homes, in fact. It's not like, 'I've got to get out of this band. I've got to go home.' This band is home in a lot of ways. It's my closest friends; it's a place where I really feel comfortable and happy.''' ,'''The plan is to keep on putting out records until someone shows up and tells us to stop.''' ,''''Somebody's Calling Me' was written in my sleep, and the original was just the piano and the beat and the singing.''' ,'''I was a singing guitar player as a kid, and I found it really embarrassing, so I stopped singing and became a drummer.''' ,'''The more you are like me, the less interested in my band you are.''' ,'''Making people dance has another function that has nothing to do with art, and I mean that in the most positive way possible. It's like food - if you're not eating it, you're doing something wrong. If they're not dancing, something is wrong.''' ,'''There are some people who are just plain great at making music. That's not who I am.''' ,'''As things mature - whether they be real estate, rock n' roll, politics, festivals, radio - there's an efficiency that develops, and with it, very often, comes some soul-crushing truths.''' ,]
+++