+++
author = "Hafthor Bjornsson"
title = "Hafthor Bjornsson Quotes"
quotes_len = "77"
description = "the best 77 Hafthor Bjornsson Quotes"
keywords = "hafthor bjornsson,hafthor bjornsson quotes,hafthor bjornsson quote,hafthor bjornsson sayings,hafthor bjornsson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I treat my body the same way I would treat a brand new car. You have to treat it well so it can run for a long time.''' ,'''I can still be 200 kilograms but still have enough endurance for strongman - I feel like if I get much heavier than that it's going to affect my endurance a lot.''' ,'''We have very good fish in Iceland.''' ,'''Health is very important to be able to reach your goals.''' ,'''I need to force feed myself. I'm constantly fighting to stay the weight I am.''' ,'''I began sports as a Basketball player but got into lifting weights after a recurring ankle problem that stopped me from competing in basketball despite having surgeries.''' ,'''For some reason people are very polite to me, but some ask me for autographs and photos.''' ,'''I love greens, like spinach, avocado, broccoli.''' ,'''No one has ever threatened me in real life but on Facebook and Twitter it's all the time. You just get Internet warriors.''' ,'''I'm doing more acting, but I'm also focusing on strongman.''' ,'''When you want to be the best, you do whatever it takes.''' ,'''I need to work on my endurance.''' ,'''Maybe after my strongman career, I'll focus more on acting. Who knows?''' ,'''If there's anything that offends me, especially if it's towards my family, I just block them. I don't accept that. I don't get upset because I like to focus on the positive.''' ,'''If you don't eat, you don't grow.''' ,'''People often forget that even though training is very important, your diet also has to be very good. You have to get plenty of rest. That's when your body reacts to the training.''' ,'''Getting bigger isn't a big deal for me. I don't want to get bigger. But having a nicer body and being stronger is definitely something I'm aiming for.''' ,'''For a beginner, find a trainer that you trust and set some goals.''' ,'''Training and eating with super precision and determination on top of an already busy schedule as an actor and businessman has been really difficult and I am lucky to have the support of my family, friends and fans.''' ,'''To begin with, I basically ate everything. Pizza, pasta - anything to make myself bigger. I am now very conscious of what I put into my body.''' ,'''People try to be rude against me, my family, my girlfriend, anything. People like to be mean to people through social media.''' ,'''My mindset has changed to think about what I can eat to become a better athlete, not just a bigger one.''' ,'''I had a great time on 'Game of Thrones.'''' ,'''I'm not afraid of a challenge, so I couldn't say no when KFC asked me if I wanted to attempt to pull a massive amount of Double Crispy Colonel sandwiches instead of a semi-truck like I normally do.''' ,'''I was always taller than everybody else.''' ,'''When I'm filming, I always have to have breaks to eat.''' ,'''If you're dedicated, it's going to pay off.''' ,'''One cheat meal once in a while is fine as long as you stay on track the rest of the planning. I had five really good meals today, one cheat meal.''' ,'''To be the best, you have to have the right equipment at your disposal.''' ,'''White rice, not traditionally healthy, is easier on my tummy and lets me eat more.''' ,'''I've travelled a lot so I've been to South Africa before and it's beautiful.''' ,'''I think it's good to be nervous. It means you care.''' ,'''To become one of the best stone lifters in the world, you have to have a good trainer.''' ,'''When people ask me about my routine, it's hard to say because I change it every week.''' ,'''I eat very healthy overall - but because of my weight, I need fast carbs, easy carbs. So maybe before a training session or after a training session, I eat what I want.''' ,'''Remember, there is no right way to train, so you need to experiment until you find the right routine for you.''' ,'''I'm the kind of a guy that if I go into something, I go all in.''' ,'''I was a center. I was quite athletic, I could shoot okay and I trained a lot. I played with the national team in Iceland.''' ,'''As an actor, you have to be able to put yourself into the character since your job is literally making the character and the situation he is in believable.''' ,'''I always knew, in my heart of hearts, I would win World's Strongest Man.''' ,'''It's always OK to find help. Don't be ashamed if you need help. I have help from so many people. My wife helps me with my diet all the time. I have a nutritionist.''' ,'''I try not to let other people's opinions or words drag me down.''' ,'''I am the future of strength as I am King of the Stones!''' ,'''Some days you just can't train.''' ,'''Everybody said you're never going to win this whole Classic. You're not strong enough. You're big, you're athletic, you're fast - but you will never win this Arnold Classic. Those were the people who didn't believe in me... I put in the work every single day - and here I am, three times champ!''' ,'''There's nothing better than proving people wrong.''' ,'''I like to switch things up every four weeks by adding new exercises to my routine and alternating between high and low repetitions. This combats plateau, helping you see results quicker.''' ,'''I am eating around 10,000 calories a day, which is a lot. I'm obviously a professional and I am the World's Strongest Man. This is something that a normal human being would never do. You would never eat that amount of food, because you would get tired, it's too many calories for you to intake.''' ,'''You don't get to be the best unless you dedicate yourself to what you are doing.''' ,'''Don't tie yourself down to one workout, as your muscles quickly adapt to a certain style of training, so you'll see less results over time. The same can be said about cardio and your diet.''' ,'''I never back down from a challenge and when I learned that a single drop of Krazy Glue was strong enough to hold up to 1,000 pounds, I knew I had to put the product's strength to the test for myself.''' ,'''Girls ask me to pick them up all of the time, and I have to admit, sometimes it's hard to put them down again.''' ,'''I train mostly for my static power: dead lifts.''' ,'''Acting just came to me.''' ,'''I love to try new things.''' ,'''Game of Thrones' was my first big role and to be a part of that is definitely life-changing. It doesn't matter who you are, it will change your life forever.''' ,'''I love my life, I get to travel the world, meet a lot of people.''' ,'''I have to eat every two hours to maintain myself.''' ,'''Being the strongest man in the world is exciting for me.''' ,'''I just fell in love with the weights, fell in love with training hard.''' ,'''We need very specific equipment to train for World's Strongest Man and it's very hard to find this equipment in a normal gym. That's why I have my own gym back in Iceland.''' ,'''The easiest part is the training, the hardest part is the diet.''' ,'''I've been training all my life, but probably didn't grow muscle-y until I quit doing basketball. I played for Iceland's under-18 and under-17 team, so it wasn't until probably 2007, 2008 that I start to gain a lot of weight.''' ,'''I've always enjoyed lifting heavy; I saw extremely good results. I just got hooked, seeing how strong I got and how much my body changed.''' ,'''I don't get people asking me to fight face-to-face but there's a lot of brave folk on the Internet.''' ,'''The deadlift is the single best exercise.''' ,'''Everything is expensive in Iceland, especially food, and especially healthy food.''' ,'''People laughed at him and said, 'you'll never be famous, your name is too hard.' But everybody knows who Arnold Schwarzengger is. I'm far, far away from where he is.''' ,'''It's not just all about the training, it's all around: You have to train well, sleep well, eat well.''' ,'''I go the grocery store every day, or at most every two days.''' ,'''There were so many people who didn't believe in me.''' ,'''It's very, very extreme how much food I need to put in to my body. It's a lot of work. More work than people realise.''' ,'''The best training partner isn't the guy who is the strongest; it's the guy who motivates you and helps you to get better.''' ,'''I eat a lot of sweet potatoes, a lot of meat, fish, chicken, good fats like cocoa butter, almonds.''' ,'''I'm fast for my size. I'm very good at moving events - throwing, pulling trucks, Atlas stones. I win them all.''' ,'''You have to be willing to work 365 days a year and be absolutely obsessed with what you want to achieve and if you're willing to go that far then you're able to be the World's Strongest Man.''' ,'''A lot of big guys can't bend down, have knee pain, are slow. I'm fast. I'm flexible, especially for my size.''' ,]
+++