+++
author = "Shawn Bradley"
title = "Shawn Bradley Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Shawn Bradley Quotes"
keywords = "shawn bradley,shawn bradley quotes,shawn bradley quote,shawn bradley sayings,shawn bradley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People said I'd revolutionize the game. Look, I made myself available and said I'd work hard and give you the best I can.''' ,'''I've always been interested in politics, and I would like to make a difference in people's lives.''' ,'''Nothing that's worth getting out of life comes easy.''' ,'''My goal is to be the best I can be for as long as I can, wherever I play.''' ,'''I always knew that if I kept working and trying to improve, good things would happen.''' ,'''If you're going to play with the best in the world, you have to train like you want to be the best in the world.''' ,'''I've had a lot of stories done on me because of my height, but that's OK. I don't feel like an exhibit. If that's what it takes to get noticed, that's fine.''' ,'''All my life, growing up in the church, I always planned on going on a mission. There are certain missions where you get a chance to play ball. If I get one of those, great. But I'm going where they want me to go. I'll mature, and not just physically.''' ,'''When It comes to choosing a college or choosing a direction in life, you only have to please yourself.''' ,'''My job is to go out and not let the people who like me go to my head and not let the people who don't like me pull me down into a depressive state.''' ,'''I just believe you make the best of what you have. So I have to duck through a few doorways or wait a little bit extra to find a new pair of pants. I think it's worth it.''' ,'''You want to go out and do the best you can do - then you're successful, no matter how it all turns out.''' ,'''I've not liked how people treat you sometimes, but I love being tall.''' ,'''All my life, my church, my family, my friends have always told me to have high self-esteem... to think well of myself. And that's what I've done.''' ,'''I was made to be 7-foot-5. That's me, that's the way I'm going to be. I want to make it a positive experience and not a negative one.''' ,'''When I was younger, I had to play with kids three or four years older than me because of my size, and they always had to prove they were better than the younger guy. That's the way it's been.''' ,'''I know what I'm all about.''' ,'''Shaq's tough.''' ,'''I just plan on enjoying being tall.''' ,'''There are times when I've been struggling and I get down on myself and my game. I have to remind myself that I've loved this game my whole life and it should be fun.''' ,'''Guys like to dunk on me. It's always been that way. I'm 7-6, and guys want to dunk on the 7-6 guy.''' ,'''I'm taller than Manute. I don't know if he's shrunk, or I've grown or whatnot, but we measured up side to side, and I'm taller. I don't think Manute's 7-7. I don't think he's barely 7-6.''' ,'''I know what's going on in life.''' ,'''I enjoy blocking shots. It's kind of a rush.''' ,'''Basketball is fun and you can play with intensity and smile too.''' ,'''Any time you establish new territory for yourself, you've got to feel good.''' ,'''One game doesn't make a career.''' ,'''Something needs to change when you start losing your focus as a missionary. You need to do something to gain that focus again.''' ,'''I've always dreamed of going on a mission. You get a chance to go out and help other people.''' ,'''I have had a very fun, positive experience in seminary. It's taught me a lot.''' ,'''I'll continue to work hard, and if I do that, good things are going to happen.''' ,'''I knew in my heart that it was right to go on a mission, but it required a lot of fasting and prayer to make the decision.Now that I am returned, I realize even more that I made the right decision.''' ,'''No one likes to lose, and that includes me, and I'm having to learn to deal with that; and I'm learning to deal with the physical game too.''' ,'''Whatever people say, they are going to say and I can't change that. I can change how I work and how I take care of myself.''' ,'''Basketball's not the only thing in my life. It shouldn't be in anyone's life.''' ,'''I had a very difficult time deciding to go on my mission. It was hard to set aside my basketball career.''' ,'''I love doing things that help kids.''' ,'''It is exciting to be recruited by North Carolina, UCLA, Syracuse and other schools that have won many national championships. But as I prayed about it and talked with my family, I felt that BYU was the best place for me.''' ,'''I just went and I worked hard and said, 'This is what I have. If you can use it, great. If not, fine.'''' ,'''I started to think I could do just as much by playing basketball and setting a good sporting example than I could by going on the mission. But in the end I realized the mission was what was expected of me and was what would be better for me in the end.''' ,'''Of course a trade with Utah would make me happy. I grew up there.''' ,'''Physical play is part of the game.''' ,'''If you don't get tested throughout your career, people can forget about you.''' ,'''I was made welcome in New Jersey. They were excited to have me. They told me they expected me to have bad games, and they expected me to have good games. That allowed me to gain confidence and continue to get better.''' ,'''Getting booed wasn't fun. I didn't like it at all.''' ,'''I love being tall. I see guys who don't handle it so well, like that Dwayne Schintzius of Florida. I don't want to sound ignorant or anything, but that guy's got a problem.''' ,'''Whether I lived up to people's expectations of changing the game or franchise or what not, look: I went out, I worked hard, I didn't fib or lie or cheat anyone.''' ,'''I have been tall a long time and learned to deal with it at a young age.''' ,'''Playing in the NBA is more than just tough competition. It is very difficult being away from my family when we're on the road. I'm always grateful to come home to them.''' ,'''I don't like to give a 50 percent effort.''' ,'''You don't play the game to lose. But I also understand that if people are giving their 100% effort, giving it all they've got, it's going to be accepted.''' ,'''I understand what Shawn Bradley can do.''' ,'''I eat anything and everything.''' ,'''Well, you know what, I was who I am and I'm not going to change that.''' ,'''A lot of coaches say to me, 'We're kind of hesitant to recruit you because you're going to BYU.' I tell them, 'I'm keeping my mind open. BYU is a nice place, but I could go anywhere.''' ,'''I'm always getting a lot of second looks. People look at me funny. It's like, 'Are you from a different planet?'''' ,'''Whether you're 7 feet 6 inches or normal height, stealing someone's bike is low.''' ,'''I've always wondered why I'm so tall.''' ,'''I get pretty pumped up when I block shots. I have good timing and I go after it pretty good.''' ,'''I've always believed in the concept that you are a different person on the court than you are off. I understand how that works.''' ,'''Six months before the end of my mission, I was dogged by the press to give an answer about turning pro. They were extremely persistent.''' ,'''I sit down before every game and tell myself I've got to have fun.''' ,'''I'm not Abdul-Jabbar or Pat Ewing or Mark Eaton. I'm Shawn Bradley and I'm going to do my best each time I step on the court. When the game is over, it's over.''' ,'''I'd like to get around 7-7, be as tall as Manute Bol, and someday block his shot.''' ,'''I wear a size 16 shoe, which isn't too bad. I can't usually go into a store and buy them, but there are catalogs throughout the country for big and tall people that I can order from.''' ,'''I know there are people out there that no matter what I do, say or become, they're not going to like me. Conversely, there's going to be people that no matter what I do, say or become, they're going to love me.''' ,'''One of the things that's difficult about the NBA is being away from the family.''' ,'''I always felt as if force-feeding wasn't natural.''' ,'''Sometimes change is what's needed.''' ,'''My mom taught me she loved me and God loved me and nothing else mattered.''' ,'''I'll never regret going on my mission.''' ,'''I've played basketball most of my life, so it will probably be a little hard adjusting to life without it.''' ,'''My dad thought my head looked like a basketball, so he set one inside my crib.''' ,'''My mom makes my dress pants.''' ,'''If I was any different than I am I wouldn't be who I am, and that includes being 7-foot-6. I wouldn't be me. And I don't want to change that.''' ,'''As a professional entertainer in sports, you get a lot of real-world experience in a world that's not very real - which is a lot of what politics are.''' ,'''I'm not going to lie to you, it's a lot nicer to have cheers rather than boos.''' ,'''My religion and my family are the two most important things in my life. But I love basketball.''' ,'''My role is to be a defensive player, and that's what I try to do. Whatever offense comes to me is a plus.''' ,'''I'm proud to be able to say that I went to BYU.''' ,'''I love being who I am. And I would not trade it for anything.''' ,'''Going to the draft, I took two years off to serve my church and my God. There were no secrets, there was no deception; I didn't ask anyone to be drafted No. 2.''' ,'''When you get drafted and sign a large contract, people expect results right away.''' ,'''The times you have to get up in the middle of the night and hold one of your children because they're scared of the lightning. Or changing diapers. That togetherness far outweighs the times you don't get to sleep in.''' ,'''I've just got to remember who I am, what I stand for and where I come from, and I'll be all right.''' ,'''The girl I took to the prom was 5-4. When we slow-danced, she stood on a chair.''' ,'''I guess I play a lot better when my confidence is high, and when you get people cheering for you it helps your confidence.''' ,'''People have always talked about me. People always made fun of me, my whole life. It's always something that's been there. I learned to deal with it at a young age. And as I grew up and it became more prevalent in my life, I was able to control it because I was prepared for each step.''' ,'''I value my family and my religion as No. 1 and hold them almost in the same light.''' ,'''I followed the Jazz as a kid.''' ,'''If you put the Lord first in your life, he takes care of you. He might not take care of you now. But when it comes time to stand before him and be judged according to our works in this world, he is a just God.''' ,'''I want to be the kind of guy people will look at and say, 'Hey, he'd be a cool guy to have as a friend.'''' ,'''Some lady asked me once, 'Is it hotter because you're closer to the sun?' She was dead serious. People are strange. But I love being tall and I wouldn't trade it for anything.''' ,'''I don't play the game to lose.''' ,'''I enjoyed doing 'Space Jam' and maybe I'll do a milk commercial some day, but I'm not into that stuff.''' ,'''My first baby toy was a basketball and ever since, I've had a basketball in my hands.''' ,'''I'm utilized for playing defense, blocking shots and getting rebounds.''' ,'''When you get on the court, it's business. And you take care of business.''' ,'''I'm going to go out and do the best I can do. If it revolutionizes the game, it revolutionizes the game. If I don't, and I become a bench player, and that's the best that I'm ever going to be, as long as I'm giving my best, I'll be content with that.''' ,'''Don't let people take advantage of you because they will.''' ,]
+++