+++
author = "Daveed Diggs"
title = "Daveed Diggs Quotes"
quotes_len = "84"
description = "the best 84 Daveed Diggs Quotes"
keywords = "daveed diggs,daveed diggs quotes,daveed diggs quote,daveed diggs sayings,daveed diggs saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Learning how to get a point across is pretty useful in any situation.''' ,'''I've always been a fan of 'Black-ish.'''' ,'''Everybody from the Bay has a superiority complex because we're dope.''' ,'''College was the first time I felt I really had to choose who my friends were.''' ,'''That's the great thing about being a teenager. You think you're a genius.''' ,'''Oftentimes, it feels like we spend so much of our life waiting to make art, waiting for somebody to let us do something. You don't really have to do that. You can make it all the time. And 99 percent of the time, it's not going to be a big deal on a global scale. But 100 percent of the time, it's going to make you feel amazing.''' ,'''Being multiracial has allowed me to feel comfortable walking in all different circles.''' ,'''The tricky thing about fast raps is not really the delivery of them; it's the writing of them, with consonants close enough together that you don't trip up over them.''' ,'''Writing is writing. It is all about telling stories, and I've been doing that for so long, in all realms, that it all feels like the same thing to me anyway.''' ,'''I went to Hebrew school but opted out of a bar mitzvah.''' ,'''I'm aware that not everybody gets that feeling of ease walking through the world that I have.''' ,'''The way we make history exciting to learn about is by breaking down the barriers that are already set up between these people.''' ,'''I think this idea of a big break is a lie.''' ,'''As a kid, I was very shy.''' ,'''I'm an artist, so days don't start on any regular time.''' ,'''At some point, I'll do more McDonald's commercials if I have to.''' ,'''I think it's important that your work is in conversation with artists in your community.''' ,'''I'm from the Bay Area, so I know a lot about granola.''' ,'''I get excited to create things that don't exist in the same world as 'Hamilton' because that world is really well done and doesn't need me to inform it anymore.''' ,'''Often, the people I'm working with on music are separate from the rest of my life.''' ,'''It wasn't until I got out in the world and started worked professionally when I realized that the people I admired were the ones who had taken the little snippets of what they learned that worked for them - and strung them together in their own technique.''' ,'''I make the energy to go out. You can't let the Broadway schedule run you.''' ,'''That's the great thing about how 'SVU' works. They work with so many Broadway actors, they are very used to getting us out in time for the show.''' ,'''The act of being nice to somebody at Starbucks is actually a huge thing. It's a real change you can effect in somebody's life every day.''' ,'''There's a lot of spaces that care about what kids are buying. There are a lot of spaces that care about what kids are watching. But there aren't a lot of spaces that care about what kids are saying.''' ,'''I warm up a lot harder for a Clipping show than I ever did for 'Hamilton.'''' ,'''As more doors open for me, I try to always bring people who I know through.''' ,'''To walk into a casting room full of people who look like you is a crazy thing. What is the thing that necessitates all of us having the exact same shade of skin and having the same hair? What about this deodorant commercial needs that?''' ,'''The reason you write something that is exciting and visceral is to force people to hear what you have to say, especially if you're in any kind of marginalized community where people don't want to listen. You have to come up with tricks to make them listen.''' ,'''I call myself a nerd all the time.''' ,'''Writing rap songs is about flow, about one word blending seamlessly into the next and creating a thing that is possible to perform in a way that feels natural.''' ,'''Clipping is a very specific, concept-y thing. We have all these rules: we don't sample drums. We create all our own sounds. I don't speak in the first person. We come from a background of experimental music like John Cage... Philip Glass.''' ,'''Daveed Diggs is a very nervous person.''' ,'''What writing a poem really does - and what figuring how to perform effectively really does - is forces people to listen to you. It frames your thoughts in such a way that grabs people's attentions and forces them to hear the things that you're actually saying.''' ,'''To be rapping in a musical on Broadway is just - that sentence doesn't make any sense in my brain.''' ,'''Being on stage, I know my function. I just do the thing.''' ,'''I miss doing a straight play.''' ,'''I have a recognizable silhouette.''' ,'''I can jump really high, yeah. I'm proud of that. I'll take it.''' ,'''There's no reason for somebody who's good at writing rap to be good at freestyling. They're different parts of your brain. You can develop both skills. I'm a much better writer.''' ,'''I've been sort of gentrification-obsessed. Right before I left Oakland in 2012, I was feeling it. Now I go back sporadically, and the change is drastic.''' ,'''Neither of my parents live in Oakland anymore. They both got priced out.''' ,'''Typically, my advice to young artists is not to wait for someone to allow you to do the thing. Just do the thing, and they'll catch up.''' ,'''If a project feels good to you, say yes. And do it with everything that you have and hope that the outcome is good.''' ,'''I have all of Kendrick Lamar on vinyl.''' ,'''Hip-hop was indifferent to Broadway. We didn't need Broadway, but I think Broadway needed hip-hop.''' ,'''I felt so loved and taken care of, and that's a huge part of the reason I'm able to do what I do.''' ,'''It's funny because as a rapper, there is - and this is something that Clipping challenges all the time - there is this idea about authenticity as a rapper, in the fact that you rap things that are yours. That's not what doing a play is. You're interpreting somebody else's words.''' ,'''Being an emcee onstage is mostly about crowd control, about monitoring energy levels.''' ,'''I'm fascinated with the regionality of rap music.''' ,'''My favorite Prince album is 'Sign o' the Times.'''' ,'''The fact that rap has a strict meter and stays to a click means that you have to make your thoughts concise.''' ,'''I think rappers spend a lot of time trying to figure out what is new. 'How can I say this in a way that no one has ever said it before?'''' ,'''I didn't know a single musical soundtrack, really, growing up. Nobody listened to musicals. That wasn't a thing I did.''' ,'''I get to say 'no' to a lot of things. That, for an artist, is crazy.''' ,'''My parents are not together, but they were both always around.''' ,'''I feel like, anytime I'm onstage, I tend to feel very connected with people in the audience or with the sort of heartbeat or tempo of the audience.''' ,'''Broadway was weird.''' ,'''I was really aware, even while it was happening, that the discovery of arts education in my life sort of saved my life.''' ,'''That's what hip-hop is - it's about meeting the music where you are, and then you add on top of that. It's about coming at it with your full self.''' ,'''I've always gravitated toward technical music in general. I love jazz fusion.''' ,'''I love that 'Black-ish' is a pretty traditional sitcom, structurally. It functions like the sitcoms from the '80s and '90s that I grew up with.''' ,'''We're very used to seeing a huge diversity of white people. You never just expect two white people on TV to feel the same way.''' ,'''Some people get a Broadway show, and that's their end game, and they want to sit there for as long as possible. And some people have other things they want to do with their life.''' ,'''Recording vocals has the same kind of physical demands as you experience a lot in theater work.''' ,'''As a kid, you don't have a ton of spaces where you are honored, where what you think is honored and what you say is revered.''' ,'''Being with a bunch of people who never take a day off means that you're not taking a day off.''' ,'''I majored in theater. I did plays. But musicals were not my thing.''' ,'''I was so stressed, man. When I was 17, I was so worried about what the hell was going to happen.''' ,'''I didn't aspire to be on Broadway.''' ,'''The fact that I got to do the 'Hamilton' BET Cypher is a totally crazy thing because I've watched the BET Cyphers since it started. I've seen every one. I study them. Because I'm a rapper. It's what you do.''' ,'''My mom is a white Jewish lady, and my dad is black. The cultures never seemed separate - I had a lot of mixed friends. When I was young, I identified with being Jewish, but I embraced my dad's side, too.''' ,'''I've always been very supported. I've never really been sad. I've just been broke. They are very different things.''' ,'''I have this thing. I can rap really fast. I can rap really, really fast. It's a thing I'm good at and I've trained myself to do; it's a thing I do in the Bay Area.''' ,'''Using something that is really painful, generally, as the percussive element for a beat, I think is cool.''' ,'''Acting is about finding truth and finding the way to convey the truth.''' ,'''I sort of have this feeling about change in general. We can make baby steps on a macro level. We can try to shift policy, voting and changing who's in office. But we can make huge, sweeping changes on a personal level and in your immediate circle, or just the people around you.''' ,'''I liked being on stage because it gave me a reason to be around people. The other great thing about acting is it allows you to imagine circumstances different from your own. I was a poor Bay Area kid getting to pretend to be a Russian aristocrat.''' ,'''There's this thing about authenticity when you rap, right? Whether or not it's real, it has to feel real.''' ,'''History is about who tells it.''' ,'''All the way on the West Coast, never having seen a Broadway show, it was like, 'They don't want me. There's nothing there for me.' I'd come to New York a lot and never even tried to see a Broadway show. There was no reason for me to do that.''' ,'''If you do enough rap shows, you get a pretty good sense of an audience. You start to develop this sense of what a feeling of a room or a group is.''' ,'''TV is really about keeping things fresh and making sure you have the most energy possible for these very short spurts of time.''' ,'''I think people understand I'm not actually the real Thomas Jefferson.''' ,]
+++