+++
author = "Jessica Mendoza"
title = "Jessica Mendoza Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jessica Mendoza Quotes"
keywords = "jessica mendoza,jessica mendoza quotes,jessica mendoza quote,jessica mendoza sayings,jessica mendoza saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always said this as an athlete, 'Practice like you're the worst player on the field. Play like you're the best.'''' ,'''I really try hard to give consistently good analysis.''' ,'''If people criticize me because they don't like how I break down one of Giancarlo Stanton's at-bats, OK. If they criticize me because I'm a woman, that's not OK.''' ,'''I don't filter things really.''' ,'''I'm different. Like, I recognize that, and I need to make sure that I am as prepared, that I understand, that I've done everything I can, knowing that people are gonna wanna say, 'She doesn't belong.' I wanna prove to them I do.''' ,'''Being in New York for 10 days during the World Series and appearing on a bunch of shows, I felt like it was a trial run to have more of a studio presence. The more consistently I started to do it, the more I grew to love it. It allows me to push baseball ideas and content in a bunch of different places.''' ,'''The last thing I want to think of myself as is anything different.''' ,'''In college, I was failing almost every class I was taking my freshman year. I was having difficulty in managing my time; I was just overwhelmed. Even though I knew I was smart and knew I was good enough, at that point, I doubted all of it because I struggled to handle my sport, classes and social life all at once.''' ,'''We see women on the field; we see them interviewing players, we see them coming out of the dugout. But if you put them in the booth - like, hold up, wait a second - you haven't been there before. This is different.''' ,'''At the end of the day, what people will give credit for is how Octobers turn out. That's how it works for Yankees managers.''' ,'''As an Olympic athlete, especially a female Olympic athletic, social media's such an amazing place, people are so positive, all these young girls. Anything negative is such a small space, people aren't coming at you for their gender.''' ,'''I just knew: first-time female on ESPN, there's going to be some backlash, like any change. There's always going to be resistance. There are going to be people that hear a female voice or see a female figure and are completely against it.''' ,'''The Olympic Games are the greatest sporting event in the world.''' ,'''I think we should always challenge ourselves to do things that have never been done.''' ,'''I try to challenge myself, each week, to do something that is a little different or something maybe a little more exciting or personalized.''' ,'''If you're good at what you do, it's going to quiet the people that think you're not good because of how you look or what sex you are.''' ,'''I had a baseball swing my whole life. When I was growing up, everyone had a different, very specific softball swing that was very short. And I had a big stride and I had, you know, a baseball swing, and people did not like it.''' ,'''My main goal when I talk to groups is to educate families on the physical and mental health benefits that playing sports provide young girls. It's not just about going out there and having fun. That's a part of playing sports, but a big chunk of it is all the other things that sports give you to help you become a much more whole, better person.''' ,'''It's 2015. And I just want to get to the point where we're hearing female voices as much as we're hearing men's.''' ,'''I've learned to not forecast anything beyond the year, because when I went to Stanford, I originally wanted to be an orthopedic surgeon. So it's just hilarious to look back at all of the things I wanted to do.''' ,'''The beauty of a game like softball is you're failing every day. You might have a .300 batting average, but you're still failing seven out of 10 times. But you're still good.''' ,'''If you're going to put me in the booth, make sure it's because I'm good enough to be there.''' ,'''I am a very honest person.''' ,'''I think this is a sport where we can really challenge all of ourselves as baseball fans, as baseball players, even the casual viewers. It's just good to think, What can we do that hasn't been done?''' ,'''I played baseball when I was younger, but the idea of the college scholarship enticed me to switch over to softball.''' ,'''I think all women want to get out of our own little bubble and challenge a man's world. And I love challenges.''' ,'''I've gotten a lot of comments about how I look and I can't help but think, Is anyone listening to what I'm saying? If I were a guy, no one would be saying, 'Wow, look at those pants' or 'Look at those legs.'''' ,'''If you see Michael Johnson running a race, and he beats someone by three strides, that's really dominating, but it's beautiful.''' ,'''When you think about success - whether it be in softball, getting into college or becoming an 'American Idol' singer - whatever your goals and aspirations are, you're going to have to stand out at some point if you want to succeed.''' ,'''It started with 'A League of Their Own.' I mean, to me, if you played softball or baseball as a girl growing up, that is the staple movie, like, where girls are portrayed as athletes, and real, like, different, from Madonna, you know, to Geena Davis. I mean, I could quote that movie, every single line.''' ,'''I don't shy away from softball being my background.''' ,'''I'm a big Geena Davis fan. I have a Geena Davis-signed baseball, which is funny because I don't get signatures from most baseball players I meet.''' ,'''My husband actually quit his job as a civil engineer so that he could travel, so we could be together as a family while I played professionally, which was crazy.''' ,'''I try not to think about it as much when I'm working, it's more just doing my job, but I realize I have more of a responsibility than probably your everyday analyst.''' ,'''When we are down in Mexico, I remember with my mom's help we caught a barracuda and then we ate it that night. And that, to me, was so cool, to be able to filet it, see the whole process. Especially a fish that big.''' ,'''I think the biggest thing I can say to that is every female is different. Not that every man isn't, but speaking on behalf on my gender, I think women can watch sports exactly like men, and others watch it exactly the opposite way.''' ,'''I want to be a voice for women, but I've also got two boys at home and my role is important for them, too. Men need to hear a woman who is prepared and understanding.''' ,'''Embrace the fact that you are different, that your differences are what's going to make you great and your true friends are the ones who are going to love you for those differences.''' ,'''My college coach was a baseball guy. So why is no one questioning why a baseball player is coaching or analyzing softball when the reverse happens?''' ,'''I like it when my heart's pounding and I'm sweating and I'm nervous.''' ,'''There is nothing more I want to do than impact girls.''' ,'''I've always wanted to see a game at Fenway.''' ,'''Some of the best memories of my career have been with 'Sunday Night Baseball' and I will miss my time with our amazing crew, who have been like family.''' ,'''I grew up in a big Mexican family and... we always were so comfortable in our own skin. So society, the stuff that I think we see a lot now for young girls, didn't really reach me because I had this huge Mexican bubble around me saying, 'You're beautiful. You're amazing. You're strong. And be you.'''' ,'''I know that people are going to recognize my voice as being different and they are going to be saying, 'Let me listen a little bit closer to see if she says something that I don't agree with.' They're probably going to pay a little bit more attention.''' ,'''We're a role-reversal family in every way possible. And I love that our country has evolved to that. It doesn't matter who makes money, as long as something is rolling in and you're happy.''' ,'''There had never really been a female that was breaking down a swing. So when I'd walk into a clubhouse, I'd have to explain a little bit of who I was.''' ,'''I got my masters in social sciences and education at Stanford, and initially - this is back in 2002 or 2003 when I graduated - I wanted to move to D.C. and work on education reform, specifically with No Child Left Behind.''' ,'''My older son, when things were at the peak of attention, comes up to me and says: 'Mom, I know people are saying you're doing stuff that's cool. But I listened, and all you did was talk. It was pretty boring.' Thanks for that.''' ,'''For Jennie Finch, she's a stud on the field and everyone's going to love her while she's playing, but no one is going to forget her because of the person that she is. That is what she has over almost any other person that's at the top of their sport.''' ,'''To be honest my first memories are getting to know players. I remember being on the bus probably like 3, 4, 5 years old, and my dad would always say go sit with the players in the back.''' ,'''My father is a first-generation Mexican-American and sports changed his life. It allowed him to basically live his dream, but it was only because he was given the opportunity by one person.''' ,'''If I'm saying something with an intelligent background, then at least it is creating conversation. Whether that conversation is people agreeing or disagreeing, I'm happy.''' ,'''That's what's beautiful about sports in general is you give someone a bat, a ball, a piece of sporting equipment and what it does to help them just be better people, 'to get out of whatever situation they might be in temporarily for that moment, to be whoever they want to be.''' ,'''Instead of just being the person that's like: 'Gosh, that's cool that people are doing stuff and good luck. Do you need me to write a check? I can do that,' I've always just been very hands-on.''' ,'''I feel like so many girls are too intimidated to walk into their local Boys & Girls Club or YMCA - places that have equipment and offer a lot of opportunities to be active for little-to-no-money but are usually more boy-focused.''' ,'''As a mom, spending quality time on the water with my family is a simple and relaxing way to unplug.''' ,'''I don't care about Joe Schmo with two Twitter followers saying bad things to me, but if the guy I'm sitting next to on the telecast thinks that way, that matters a lot to me.''' ,'''I want to be in the booth any day - Sunday, Monday, Wednesday - it doesn't matter to me. I'm hooked. I love it.''' ,'''Doubt is what I see with a lot of women, we doubt ourselves. Whether it's because we think we're too fat or ugly or not smart enough, our gender puts ourselves down. But we need to own exactly who we are.''' ,'''On the U.S.A. team our income wasn't coming from U.S.A. It was coming from sponsors, it was coming from how we made money elsewhere.''' ,'''You don't need to be an athlete to enjoy the outdoors.''' ,'''If you truly want to be great, don't get caught up in what has been done before or who has done it.''' ,'''I want to be a role model.''' ,'''The most erratic thing I ever did was going blonde.''' ,'''When you're successful at something, you think that you need to continue to do what you're doing to get the same result. But I think in order to get better, sometimes you need some failures.''' ,'''I've always felt that the more prepared I am, the more confident I would be within the telecast.''' ,'''Softball is my life.''' ,'''There have been so many pivotal moments throughout my career, and I look back and say I really craved big moments - when your heart's pounding and everything is on the line.''' ,'''In a perfect world, if I can get conversations done at a batting cage, there's exactly the place I want to be.''' ,'''I'm a jock.''' ,'''Everyone's got advice, everyone's got their two cents. Try to streamline, like, who are the people that I trust the most? Sometimes I call it my board of directors. They're going to challenge you, but they're also going to support you. They're not going to just tell you what you want to hear, either.''' ,'''I don't shy away from things that may be a little different, but own them and implement them in the coverage that I do.''' ,'''If anyone knows women, we like a lot of different things and we're not predictable. We definitely don't fall into a cookie-cutter mold. And I think that's one of the coolest things about us. You never know what's coming next.''' ,'''In broadcasting, especially 'cause people are more public, it's hard to be like 'so what are you making?' Finding that information is huge when you're negotiating a contract. You wanna make sure that you're in the same ballpark.''' ,'''Like, I played baseball with all boys. They didn't want to play catch with me. I mean, it's the story of everything I've done.''' ,'''I'd had colleagues tell me, 'You should be calling games.' But to actually have a producer call me and say, 'We want you in the booth,' I was like, What?''' ,'''I'm a big Alex Cora fan, as far as aggressiveness, the things that he sees like pitch tipping. His eyes are really good.''' ,'''I think there's something to baseball, golf, fishing that there's downtime within all of those sports. Even though you're still doing the sport and everything that's involved, there's still this time to be able to think and have conversations.''' ,'''It's important to be a positive female role model in a world with a lot of Kardashians.''' ,'''As much as I want to be like, It's just baseball, I'm just another person,' unfortunately it's not that way.''' ,'''I'm hard on myself, like, 'Oh, why did you say that?' But it helps me grow.''' ,'''A female voice can automatically trigger a reaction. The reasons why? Sound is the initial thing, and I've had people tell me that.''' ,'''I know I might be a little crazy, but I love working out. It has a way of lifting my mood like nothing else can.''' ,'''After a Sunday night game, what I do is I usually wait like a day and a half before going on Twitter.''' ,'''My dad was a baseball coach, and then I switched to softball. Baseball was all I knew until I crossed over. It never seemed like a big deal.''' ,'''Anytime I'm like, 'Ho-hum,' trying to go about my business like anyone else, I'll have a father or someone come up to me and say, 'You know, my daughter never realized she could be in the booth for sports, and now that's what she wants to do.'''' ,'''The first MLB game I did was a Monday Night game, and no one really knew I was doing it. So walking into the clubhouse, I tried to introduce myself to people like, 'Hey, I'm in the booth.' And they were kind of confused, like, 'You're a female, I don't understand.'''' ,'''If you take any player in their position, there's nobody better than Mookie Betts in right field. I'll take him over a short stop at their position. That's how good he is.''' ,'''It should be common knowledge that women and men can talk about sports.''' ,'''I found that I can never know enough, and that many times the best form of education is through communication.''' ,'''Having a father as a football and a baseball coach, I grew up around college baseball players, college football players, like, I just knew sports my whole life.''' ,'''For a woman to play within baseball, they just need to play well.''' ,'''I never realized how hurtful people can be. They hate me so much for being a female in a men's sport. And I'm just like, 'Really? It's 2016, people. Women can do anything.'''' ,'''Stanford opened up a whole different perspective for me. I learned how to take my own passions and apply them to so many different topics, to open up the way I saw things and own the things that made me unique.''' ,'''Well, my mom actually taught me how to fish. We used to go when I was little, like 5 or 6 years old.''' ,'''My introduction to sports was through baseball. That's all I knew.''' ,'''You can't always say and do things and wait until the right moment, when everything is perfectly lined up. As women, I feel like we do that. I just see so many women take the back seat and wait until the right opportunity, and when you do that, you miss out on the best things.''' ,'''Own your differences and don't always try to fit in. The more unique you are, the more you stand out.''' ,'''I didn't play baseball my entire life, so I do bring something a little more unique to the telecast and I get really excited about stuff that, maybe if I had been around baseball my whole life, I would just say, 'Come on. Everybody knows that. Its not a big deal.'''' ,]
+++