+++
author = "Harland Williams"
title = "Harland Williams Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Harland Williams Quotes"
keywords = "harland williams,harland williams quotes,harland williams quote,harland williams sayings,harland williams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The problem with binge-watching on Netflix is that you lose three days of your life.''' ,'''I get a lot of people telling me that I'd make a good 'wacky neighbor.' I wouldn't mind that, if it was a starting-off point.''' ,'''I think a lot of people think I'm doing kind of a character onstage, but what you're really getting is just me.''' ,'''I love seafood. Whenever I'm in Las Vegas, I love going to the Bellagio buffet because they have these great king crab legs.''' ,'''I'd like to explore the more abstract side of people's minds, as opposed to the usual sitcom stuff. I don't want to do the typical sitcom-type humor. I'd want to do stuff like go bowling with pineapples.''' ,'''I always improvise with the crowd. Sometimes it will be a 50 percent show, sometimes 70 percent, sometimes it's almost a whole show where I wing it. It depends on my mood, the energy in the room. For sure, a portion of it is just kind of winging it.''' ,'''I just tried to create a life for myself that's full of fun and fantasy and things that equal laughter. My life's been cartoons and comedy and acting, and it's just been a fun life, man.''' ,'''I sort of write onstage. I'll throw an idea out there, like Home Depot, and just start talking about it.''' ,'''It was such a pleasure to work with Eugene Levy. What a treat. That's a guy I grew up watching as a kid. Guys like that, they were hilarious and didn't have to be super vile or X-rated.''' ,'''I don't go on tour tours - I just go randomly to cities to do shows if I have an opening in my schedule.''' ,'''I was walking around bored one day, and I started filming stuff with my cellphone. There are all these shows where people are trying to do these outrageous stunts, and I thought it would be funny to do all these stunts that aren't outrageous but then act like they are.''' ,'''Without sounding negative, I'm not a huge fan of a lot of stand-up. I'm more interested in an absurd kind of theater.''' ,'''What's interesting about Stephen Baldwin is that me and Dana Gould were originally cast for 'Bio-Dome' - but Pauly Shore and Baldwin ended up doing it. So there's a little movie trivia for ya.''' ,'''I think life would be so much funnier if every day you saw someone walking down the street getting hit in the head by a monkey, don't you?''' ,'''I hate when you go into a nice restaurant - someplace where you're going to spend good money - and there are kids in there crying.''' ,'''The thing I love about sketch is sometimes it leads you as opposed to you leading it.''' ,'''Canada has been a breeding ground for great comedic actors, sketch artists and stand-up comedians. We grew up with a different perspective on the world.''' ,'''I grew up on Don Knotts and Jerry Lewis and all the guys from Second City.''' ,'''I try to take normal things - whether it's a serious subject or something as obscure as a piece of toast - and put a very weird twist on them.''' ,'''If you're going to take a jab at someone, you should at least have a bit more of a personal relationship with them. I feel like you can be funny and clever, as opposed to just outright vile.''' ,'''If you were to come out and hang out with me, just having fun at a nightclub or a party, that's kind of the version of Harland you'd get - silly, kind of always saying wacky things.''' ,'''I'm an American citizen now, but I will always have Canadian pride.''' ,'''In 'There's Something About Mary' and 'Dumb & Dumber,' I ended up improvising quite a bit of my scenes, and later I didn't even remember what I'd said because I just winged it. When I went and saw the movie, I was as stunned as everyone else was.''' ,'''I don't laugh so much at jokes and premises as I do at a guy who goes onstage and starts twitching and acting funny.''' ,'''I'd done a ton of movies here in Hollywood, and I realized that every movie I'd done was somebody's else's work and someone else's vision.''' ,'''The thing is, you never know with any movie how it's going to turn out. It's always a mystery - you'll do pages and pages of scenes that will never make it onto the screen.''' ,'''I used to do little sketches into my cassette tape recorder when I was a little boy. I would just turn it on and just start doing voices and characters. I just loved it.''' ,'''My roots are in stand-up, and stand-up is very freeing. There's no script involved; you just fly.''' ,]
+++