+++
author = "Rupert Holmes"
title = "Rupert Holmes Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Rupert Holmes Quotes"
keywords = "rupert holmes,rupert holmes quotes,rupert holmes quote,rupert holmes sayings,rupert holmes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''But thankfully, my first album, 'Wide Screen,' was sort of a critics' darling - everyone raved about it, but no one bought it. They only manufactured 10,000 copies; I wasn't even in the running for failure!''' ,'''I think writing for a world one has invented can be infinitely more interesting than writing for the world we've all inherited.''' ,'''I've tried in my career to do most everything, because it all intrigues me. And I've found the first time I work in a new form, I discover all the things that make that an exciting medium. I've been very busy most of my career. I've had very few vacations.''' ,'''Having in my life been bitten by the jaws of both victory and defeat, I must rush to add that success is to failure as butter pecan ice cream is to death.''' ,'''The truth is, I initially became a singer-songwriter while still in my teens because it was the only way to guarantee that somebody on earth would sing the songs I was writing. Since then, I've performed just about everywhere: rock clubs, concerts halls, arenas, TV.''' ,'''As much as the mystery element is all a lot of fun, when you do go to 'Edwin Drood,' you're going to a theatre to see a show about going to a theatre and what that relationship between actors and audiences has been for years.''' ,'''I type even faster than I talk. I'm very proud of that. I type so fast. And I have to because the characters are living in real time and I've got to keep up with them. It's a miracle they even give me a royalty.''' ,'''I didn't want much. I wanted much more. In fact, I wanted everything.''' ,'''A lot of my early career, I wrote story songs that had narratives, that had plots.''' ,'''I first had the thought about making a musical of 'Edwin Drood' as far back as 1971.''' ,'''I always try to keep in mind that while the characters in a farce may find themselves in outrageous dilemmas, and may behave in a way that the audience finds amusing, the characters themselves don't have the consolation of knowing they're in a comedy.''' ,'''In all my years of performing, no audience member has ever actually assaulted me. I consider this to be the singular triumph of my performing career.''' ,]
+++