+++
author = "Laurence Olivier"
title = "Laurence Olivier Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Laurence Olivier Quotes"
keywords = "laurence olivier,laurence olivier quotes,laurence olivier quote,laurence olivier sayings,laurence olivier saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My stage successes have provided me with the greatest moments outside myself, my film successes the best moments, professionally, within myself.''' ,'''I don't know what is better than the work that is given to the actor - to teach the human heart the knowledge of itself.''' ,'''Acting is a masochistic form of exhibitionism. It is not quite the occupation of an adult.''' ,'''I take a simple view of life: keep your eyes open and get on with it.''' ,'''The actor should be able to create the universe in the palm of his hand.''' ,'''Have a very good reason for everything you do.''' ,'''I'd like people to remember me for a diligent expert workman. I think a poet is a workman. I think Shakespeare was a workman. And God's a workman. I don't think there's anything better than a workman.''' ,'''The office of drama is to exercise, possibly to exhaust, human emotions. The purpose of comedy is to tickle those emotions into an expression of light relief; of tragedy, to wound them and bring the relief of tears. Disgust and terror are the other points of the compass.''' ,'''We ape, we mimic, we mock. We act.''' ,'''Nobody is going to pretend that I am younger than I am. Apart from anything else, it is in the papers all the damn time - every time I have a birthday.''' ,'''If he was lost for a moment, he would dive straight back into its honey.''' ,'''I should be soaring away with my head tilted slightly toward the gods, feeding on the caviar of Shakespeare. An actor must act.''' ,'''Living is strife and torment, disappointment and love and sacrifice, golden sunsets and black storms. I said that some time ago, and today I do not think I would add one word.''' ,'''Lead the audience by the nose to the thought.''' ,'''I can't think I've ever loved anybody quite as much... My mother was my life, really; she was my entire world.''' ,'''A man's prime interest in life must be his work.''' ,''''Richard III' is a really difficult play to film - it's involved, often obscure. I felt it absolutely necessary to do more simplification than I've ever done before.''' ,'''I suppose, unconsciously, I used all my wives to further my journey up the ladder.''' ,'''It took me two years to walk around a chair with ease; it took me another two years to learn how to laugh onstage - and I had to learn everything.''' ,'''Nine books have been written about me, and there's not a word of truth in any of them.''' ,'''Surely we have always acted; it is an instinct inherent in all of us. Some of us are better at it than others, but we all do it.''' ,'''I believe that in a great city, or even in a small city or a village, a great theater is the outward and visible sign of an inward and probable culture.''' ,'''I often think that could we creep behind the actor's eyes, we would find an attic of forgotten toys and a copy of the Domesday Book.''' ,'''When you're a young man, Macbeth is a character part. When you're older, it's a straight part.''' ,'''We have all, at one time or another, been performers, and many of us still are - politicians, playboys, cardinals and kings.''' ,]
+++