+++
author = "Bob Casey, Jr."
title = "Bob Casey, Jr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Bob Casey, Jr. Quotes"
keywords = "bob casey, jr.,bob casey, jr. quotes,bob casey, jr. quote,bob casey, jr. sayings,bob casey, jr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Employment is key to reducing recidivism.''' ,'''Catholics are every bit as diverse as any other sort of voters out there, with conservative Democrats and moderates.''' ,'''So often, generalizations don't apply to Catholic voters. Catholics are concerned about the war, the economy, about issues like abortion, issues pertaining to the budget and funding Medicaid and Medicare and what happens to the environment.''' ,'''Human nature being what it is, people don't want to acknowledge that a problem exists when they know they have 35 other problems to deal with.''' ,'''Sometimes I, as a public official, turn to Scripture or hymns - especially hymns, because sometimes we Catholics don't have the Scriptures memorized like we should - to help me explain a public policy position or an idea or to be able to articulate it better when you're talking about justice or mercy or compassion.''' ,'''I don't support gay marriage, but I also don't support a constitutional amendment banning it. However, I do support same sex unions that would give gay couples all the rights, privileges and protections of marriage.''' ,'''The evidence is pretty strong: if you have access to family planning and birth control, the abortion rate is going to go down.''' ,'''No man-made law will ever eliminate cruelty and evil from every human heart.''' ,'''We should all agree that we should repair roads and bridges and water systems.''' ,'''I do think there's a difference between what a religious leader says and does and what a public official or legislator does. But there's no question that a lot of our legal underpinnings find a good bit of their foundations in the Scriptures.''' ,'''I know Barack Obama. And I believe that as president, he'll pursue the common good by seeking common ground rather than trying to divide us.''' ,'''I think it's clear to most people that the description of pro-life Democrat is accurate. I've been very consistent. What it means is I try to support policies that help women and children both before and after birth.''' ,'''Currently, many job seekers must check a box on their applications indicating whether they have a criminal history. These boxes are often used as proxies for job fitness, and job-seekers with criminal histories frequently find themselves screened out of contention. As a matter of basic fairness and also economic sense, it's time to ban the box.''' ,'''After much deliberation, and after reviewing the legal, public policy and civil-rights questions presented, I support marriage equality for same-sex couples and believe that DOMA should be repealed.''' ,'''Pennsylvania couldn't be prouder of our native son, Joe Biden from Scranton. No one knows us better than Joe.''' ,'''If two people of the same sex fall in love and want to marry, why would our government stand in their way?''' ,'''When you have a governor of your party, that governor has the capacity to be able to build a party, lead a party, more so than any Senator or anyone in the Congressional delegation.''' ,'''The attorney general should be a watchdog for the rule of law, not a lapdog for the president - simple as that.''' ,'''The broad consensus is that our system should be better structured to deter crimes without giving up on everyone who commits them, and should better balance resources to hold violent criminals fully accountable without imposing unnecessarily harsh sentences on nonviolent offenders.''' ,'''No state can invest the kinds of dollars in infrastructure necessary on their own. They need federal help.''' ,'''When I make a commitment to someone, it is for the smooth road and the rocky road.''' ,'''Barack Obama and I have an honest disagreement on the issue of abortion.''' ,'''Under Chief Justice John Roberts, the court has decided a string of 5-4 decisions in which the Republican-appointed majority votes as a block in favor of corporations, overlooking workers and families looking for a fair shake.''' ,'''Pennsylvania is home to some of the hardest-working, toughest, most decent people in America.''' ,'''We need a Supreme Court justice who will restore fairness, balance, and independence to the highest level of the judiciary. Based on his record, I do not believe Gorsuch would be that kind of justice.''' ,'''The most direct path to success is a good job, but the road to employment for those with criminal records is often riddled with barriers. Removing those barriers would allow those with records to leave the past behind, support their families, make a positive future - and improve our economy.''' ,'''There are fewer unwanted pregnancies and fewer occasions where a woman is confronted with that decision if she has access to family planning and birth control. That's why I support Planned Parenthood; that's why I support Title X.''' ,'''Democrats in 2020 can't just drive by red counties. You have to stop, get out of your car, ask for people's votes, and engage with them on issues that relate to their lives.''' ,'''Some public officials are blessed - you can't acquire this, but you are blessed with the gift of empathy, being able to empathize with those who are suffering.''' ,'''The Supreme Court has increasingly come down on the side of big corporations instead of workers and middle-class families.''' ,'''There's no question that a public official of either party can take it too far, and it's up to the candidate to be able to strike that balance, the balance that is the separation of church and state. The way I've always looked at this is that every candidate has a right to talk as much or as little about their faith as they deem appropriate.''' ,'''I don't know how many speeches I have given saying, 'No child worse off.'''' ,'''There are some templates that are in place for bipartisan investment in ways to make our economy stronger and ways to lift the middle class and help the vulnerable.''' ,'''I hope we can agree that it's better to cut taxes substantially, robustly, for the middle class as opposed to the top 1 percent. That would lift people's wages or take-home pay. And when you do that, you automatically are reducing somewhat the big costs in their lives.''' ,'''You always want to be open to possibilities in the new year.''' ,'''I take my 'advice and consent' duty as a U.S. senator very seriously.''' ,]
+++