+++
author = "Kratika Sengar"
title = "Kratika Sengar Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Kratika Sengar Quotes"
keywords = "kratika sengar,kratika sengar quotes,kratika sengar quote,kratika sengar sayings,kratika sengar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If the bond between a husband and his wife is strong, then I think they complete each other, and the relationship also survives longer.''' ,'''Being an actor, I feel I need to take up challenges and do different roles without thinking about whether the audience will accept me in those roles or not.''' ,'''If you ask me, I have not really seen any negative side of this industry. I have not met those kinds of people who can change the way I see this industry and make me feel that it's a bad or a dark place.''' ,'''There are some channels that are trying out new content. These shows have new and fresh stories. The trend on TV is changing, and along with this, there are web series, too. But the audience needs to get used to these stories.''' ,'''When I am not working, I go out on vacations with my family and enjoy a lot.''' ,'''I don't have many friends in the television industry, as I am an introvert who likes her own set of friends. I also don't plan for the future and believe in living for the moment.''' ,''''Service Wali Bahu,' like most other serials, cater to women audiences and is aimed at smaller towns where people are home by sunset.''' ,'''When it comes to work, I have a lot of patience, but otherwise, I am quite impatient.''' ,'''I have never done intimate scenes on any of my shows, and now, after marriage, it's a complete 'No.'''' ,'''Whatever is shown in a TV show is a reflection of society.''' ,'''While choosing shows, I look at stories and the concept, and that has to be different.''' ,'''In real life, I am not a romantic person. I am a fun person and a complete tomboy.''' ,'''I see so many people who are not keen on getting married because they are busy working and doing their own stuff. In fact even I thought I wouldn't get married, but then luckily, I met Nikitin, and everything changed for good.''' ,'''I put in a lot of effort for a show like 'Jhansi Ki Rani,' and it worked. I think I am very lucky I have done that show!''' ,'''I'm very happy, safe, and secure with television industry. I'm not over-ambitious.''' ,'''Both me and Nikitin are protective when it comes to our relationship. We would not like if someone comes and tells that 'Oh your chemistry is better with your co-actor than real life husband.'''' ,'''I didn't enjoy my college life in Noida much because I was quite disoriented there, since I was staying away from my family.''' ,'''I am really thankful to everyone around, as Mumbai has given me a lot.''' ,'''I may be smaller in size, but I'm pretty feisty. I don't give up easily once I get started.''' ,'''I was doing specialisation in advertising. I had no interest in acting. One of my friends, who was doing specialisation in films, made a short film casting me. Luckily, I got a break, and my acting career took off.''' ,'''TRP ratings affect me. There are times when the ratings are so low that we feel that we could have done something more. But that is about it. I don't stress over it too much.''' ,'''In a marriage, we have to accommodate each other's views.''' ,'''Fans are very emotional people, and when they have seen you with some people and they like your chemistry, they expect you to work with the same person again.''' ,'''I have never been a pet lover or really craved the idea of having dogs.''' ,'''I came to Mumbai for my internship in advertising in an ad agency. Back then, a senior from my college who was working for Balaji asked whether I wanted to act. I agreed, and I didn't even know when it became my passion and my hobby.''' ,'''I love to swim and listen to good music.''' ,'''I am not that ambitious to do films. I am very happy and secure doing TV.''' ,'''I would love to be in a biopic, but I'm not looking at being a part of Bolywood.''' ,]
+++