+++
author = "Cynthia Bailey"
title = "Cynthia Bailey Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Cynthia Bailey Quotes"
keywords = "cynthia bailey,cynthia bailey quotes,cynthia bailey quote,cynthia bailey sayings,cynthia bailey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I encourage my daughter to feel comfortable coming to me about anything and everything. I am her mother, and that's what I am here for.''' ,'''Apparently, dirt eating is really a 'real thing,' and you can actually buy it in some stores and online.''' ,'''I am all for a good drag out argument every now and then, but the person that talks the loudest and uses the most curse words is not necessarily the winner of the argument.''' ,'''Giving back to those who are less fortunate shows great character and is the right thing to do.''' ,'''Business is business, and it is never personal.''' ,'''In life, it is important to not be afraid to put yourself out there, win or lose. It is all about the spirit of challenging yourself to be open to realizing your highest potential.''' ,'''I try to choose my words carefully, and only say what I mean and mean what I say.''' ,'''My sister and I are close, but we don't agree on everything. We didn't when we were younger, and we don't now that we are grown.''' ,'''I'm always here for a theme party, and I love to dance.''' ,'''Good friends are hard to find!''' ,'''I know I am not for everyone, but I also know my story has touched and inspired many.''' ,'''I worked every day and lived an incredible life.''' ,'''I don't care what the reason is, or who started what. It doesn't matter. Physical violence should never be the answer.''' ,'''The best thing about being a model was traveling. I had traveled the world by the time I was thirty. France, England, Austria, South Africa, Italy, Australia, Japan, Seychelle Islands, and all over the Caribbean.''' ,'''Marriage is not easy, especially when it's a very public marriage. I know firsthand.''' ,'''One of the things that I share with most of the women in my circle is the gift of motherhood.''' ,'''Just because you are friends doesn't mean you like the same kind of men, want to live in the same type of house, and both want your steak cooked the same way! I often disagree with my friends, however I make every effort to be sensitive to their feelings and be supportive.''' ,'''I love my daughter Noelle. She means the absolute world to me. I never truly understood what unconditional love meant until I gave birth to her. It's a love like no other.''' ,'''It's not always easy to take the high road when you are hurting, but in the long run at least you still have your integrity and dignity.''' ,'''I don't pretend to have all the answers on raising children (and outside of taking care of my own that I was in labor with for 16 hours), I say do what works for you and your child.''' ,'''There is nothing wrong with having a difference of opinion, or throwing a little shade every now and then.''' ,'''It is important to know your worth and settle for nothing less.''' ,'''I admire all smart business women!''' ,'''I don't throw the word hate around much, but I have to say that I truly hate seeing people physically fight each other. It actually makes me sick to my stomach.''' ,'''Since my battle with fibroids, I have become a health advocate. I workout, and with the help of genovive.com, I make better food choices in my daily diet.''' ,'''I am rarely late, and if I am I always call to let everyone know.''' ,'''The people of Anguilla are friendly, beautiful, and gracious.''' ,'''I respect my time and others'.''' ,'''I had Noelle when I was 32 years old, and she is my only child by birth.''' ,'''As blessed as I am, I clearly was not born with the twerking gene. It's safe to say that I won't be winning a twerking contest anytime soon. The robot on the other hand is a different story.''' ,'''Unfortunately, doing business with friends rarely ends well and usually ends up kicking you in the butt, be it donkey or stallion!''' ,'''I grew up in rural Alabama, and some of my older family members used to eat red clay dirt. As a kid, I was introduced to it.''' ,'''I love beautiful clothes, shoes, and bags like everyone else. However, I do not put a lot of emphasis on who I wear and how much my clothes cost. If it's a label, it's a label. If it's not, it's not.''' ,'''When it comes to family, sometimes you have to deal with things that you may not want to deal with.''' ,'''I respect my sister's marriage, and I do not involve myself in the inner workings of her relationship.''' ,'''The '70s are my favorite era; I'm obsessed with the fashion, hair, and music from that time.''' ,'''I have much to offer.''' ,'''People are not perfect, and most marriages are not perfect.''' ,'''I welcome life's challenges and will do my best to rise to the occasion every time.''' ,'''I love connecting with individuals who share my passion and commitment to uplift and inspire young people.''' ,'''There are no words to describe the eternal bond that I share with my daughter. Everything in my life is more special because she is a part of my life. Noelle motivates me daily to push myself to my highest standard, and to be the best person that I can be.''' ,'''I have to get out of the habit of jumping into relationships with new friends before I really get to know them.''' ,'''Regardless of age, no one knows our children better than we do. So with having a child comes the responsibility of making every effort to support, protect, and give them the education they need to make good life choices.''' ,'''We all know that I am not a big fan of surprises, and for whatever reason my life seems to be full of them.''' ,'''There should be limits morally and legally as to how far you are willing to go to try to hurt someone and their family.''' ,'''I don't know about everyone else, but I felt like the day I turned 40, I could no longer read the dinner menu without glasses, my knees started to betray me, and I can gain 10 pounds just by driving past a McDonalds!''' ,'''There is nothing like getting paid to do a job that you love to do.''' ,'''If you put twenty parents in a room together, they will all have different parenting styles due to how they were raised and how they choose to raise their children. To each their own!''' ,'''When I rock my signature afro look, I feel like I'm channeling my inner '70s Cynthia.''' ,'''Seriously, I think every neighborhood can appreciate a cute little specialty wine shop.''' ,'''Parenting is a sensitive, controversial subject, so I say to all the mommas and the daddies of the world God bless and good luck!''' ,'''There is nothing like being a mother. The happiness my daughter brings me is like none other.''' ,'''I may not know everything, but one thing that I do know is that as long as we are in the 'land of the living,' we are going to get older!''' ,'''I have never made it a secret that my background and expertise is in fashion, not pageantry.''' ,'''As Mal's sister, my role is to be there when she needs me & mind my business when she doesn't. I expect the same. We will always be sisters, and will always have each other's backs.''' ,'''I am strong, confident, and fearless!''' ,'''Everybody likes a good cocktail.''' ,'''In life, some things don't always work out the way you plan them.''' ,'''I have been called a stallion before, and it was always meant as a compliment.''' ,'''I am very close to my daughter, and I have always encouraged her to talk to me about anything and everything. I believe that as long as I keep the lines of communication open with her, I will always be able to give her proper direction, protection, and guidance.''' ,'''I will always be grateful to my parents for trusting and believing in me to find my own way and follow my dreams.''' ,'''In my opinion, friends who care about each other should always be able to tell each other when they are right and when they are wrong.''' ,'''I always tell people that I was raised in Alabama, but I grew up in New York!''' ,'''I don't like to take risks or jump into things before I fully understand how they can benefit me or my situation.''' ,'''Wine is smart, sexy, and classy.''' ,'''At 46 years old, I can no longer afford take my health for granted.''' ,'''I absolutely do not have anything to prove to anyone, and I don't wear anything on my sleeve.''' ,'''In good times and bad times, never comprise who you are.''' ,'''I know how it feels to be in love with a man and for whatever reason not have the full support of your family.''' ,'''I never say never!''' ,'''Raising children is not easy, and what works for one child may not work for the other.''' ,'''I love the experience and history that comes with selecting and enjoying a great bottle of wine.''' ,'''I moved from Huntsville, Alabama to New York City right out of high school. I was alone, scared, and had very little money.''' ,'''I say what I want to say, when I want to say it.''' ,'''Although we all have our individual power, we are so much more powerful together.''' ,'''Any fool can talk, but not everyone can listen, receive, and process information.''' ,'''I am a big fan of vintage clothing! I love vintage pieces, because they are more affordable and original.''' ,'''Ladies, you know when you are really into a man, it is hard to see any red flags because you choose to ignore them. Yes, love is truly blind. Sometimes it takes an outside person to observe the situation.''' ,'''I only have one life to live, and living it to the fullest is the only option I choose.''' ,'''I decided to open up The Bailey Wine Cellar because after visiting Napa and touring the wineries there, I genuinely became interested in and more curious about the wine culture.''' ,'''I can't go to parties with my child, and I cannot control whom my child associates with at school. I have to trust and believe that she is capable of making smart choices and will come to me when she needs me.''' ,'''I have often been accused of actually being 'too nice.'''' ,'''My history and career speak for themselves.''' ,'''Being a mom is one of the most difficult, challenging, and amazing jobs that a woman can have.''' ,'''I live for a good read!''' ,'''I knew that the moment I found out that I was pregnant by Leon, he was the kind of man that I could parent and co-parent with regardless of whether or not we stayed together in a relationship. We share similar morals and values on how to raise a child.''' ,'''My only experience in the world of tiaras was as a contestant in a homecoming queen pageant that featured all the high school homecoming queens in the South. While I did not win (much less place), I did walk away from the experience with a renewed sense of self confidence and ambition.''' ,'''In 1985 I graduated from Deshler High School in Tuscumbia, Alabama, and I was their first African American homecoming queen. You would have thought I won Miss America or Miss U.S.A. (wink), because of my excitement.''' ,'''OK, no marriage is perfect.''' ,'''I thought it was crazy for people to eat dirt until I actually tasted it. I really liked it!''' ,'''Reality TV can be very lucrative when used as a business opportunity. Ask Bethenny Frankel!''' ,'''I am naturally a nice person and will give anyone the benefit of the doubt.''' ,'''I don't condone violence, period.''' ,'''I think I would actually be offended if I was referred to as a donkey in any way. Sorry, nothing personal against donkeys!''' ,'''You have to protect your kids, but you also have to slowly allow them to grow up.''' ,'''I have so much to be thankful for, and I take nothing for granted. This includes life itself.''' ,'''I love New York!''' ,'''I don't feel like material things validate me in any way.''' ,'''There is nothing like being in love and finding the man you want to spend the rest of your life with.''' ,'''How we choose to handle situations as people is always a personal choice.''' ,]
+++