+++
author = "Bez"
title = "Bez Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Bez Quotes"
keywords = "bez,bez quotes,bez quote,bez sayings,bez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Some things are best left to memories.''' ,'''I've been saying we need a revolution, and there's no good shouting about it when you're not actually doing anything.''' ,'''Every man, woman and child in the global community has a right to be treated in a fair and equal manner and this should be both understood and upheld.''' ,'''I cant wait to start yoga - I've never done yoga before so that should be really funny.''' ,'''I'd like to think I'm somewhere between Joe Wicks and Mr. Motivator.''' ,'''I was basically a rebel without a cause. And I got kicked out by my parents and ended up homeless.''' ,'''So basically America, they are the Knights Templars of, and they've taken us into, perpetual war - that's their game.''' ,'''We've been really fortunate - part of Factory Records, part of the Manchester scene that went worldwide.''' ,'''I'm an optimist; I always believe that there must be something round the corner.''' ,'''I'd like to be a revolutionary leader, part of the team that brings freedom to the people of the Earth.''' ,'''I had my first go on a horse the other day down at the yard on a big giant, it's like a hunter horse, it was so big, and I get on top of it... it was just massive and I was so scared.''' ,'''Life throws up these conundrums but you always come away having gained knowledge.''' ,'''For me, it doesn't matter who it is, who's the head figure of America.''' ,'''Hopefully, people will listen to 'One Dream' and like it.''' ,'''My girlfriend has got the new, improved me. Before, I was argumentative: now I will get out of a situation before mud-slinging begins. Having said that, I have good relationships with all my exes.''' ,'''I've lost count of the number of blokes who've come up to me over the years and said 'thanks for making it OK for indie guys to get on the dance floor.'''' ,'''I'm a 50-year-old man. The most I can do these days on a night out is wobble on the spot.''' ,'''I've never voted in my life. I've never felt able to put my pen to a ballot paper because there was nobody I believed I could vote for. They were all working for the bankers. There was nobody for the people.''' ,'''They look after themselves, bees. Bit like a cat, really. They just come in and go out, as the fancy takes them. But then they give you honey.''' ,'''I've realized water is the secret of youth.''' ,'''Life gives back what you give out. If you go around grumpy and drunk, then that is what life throws back at you.''' ,'''Like me, most of my fellow artists struggle within the confines of what is 'politically correct.'''' ,'''Normally I've been burning lots of calories by dancing, going to shows and generally being active. But since we went into the first lockdown I've mainly sat on the sofa.''' ,'''If you want to do something about things, you've got to get into the corridors of power and take them on.''' ,'''I'm getting on a bit, don't know what I'm going to do, no pension pot and the prospect of growing old in the city, well... So I met these people a few years ago doing community type of living, land sharing, living in a community way. You can live on next to nothing. It's about living the social life but keeping the party going and have a bit of fun.''' ,'''Where John Lennon and Yoko Ono holed up for a week in the Presidential Suite at the Hilton Amsterdam for their 'Bed-in for Peace' on March 25, 1969, Firouzeh and I are compelled to do our 'Bed-in against Fracking' which has been thrust upon us all undemocratically.''' ,'''When I was growing up in Salford, I was always in trouble. It was stuff like petty crime and all sorts of things.''' ,'''I went to live with my grandparents when my parents threw me out. Then I went to prison at the age of 17, to detention centre, and I remained there until I was 20.''' ,'''We live in a democratic society that allows me to fight the revolution in the corridors of power.''' ,'''I'm a beekeeper and take beehives into schools, along with juices and organic vegetables.''' ,'''I want to create a permaculture society.''' ,'''I have dentures and sometimes forget to put them in sterilizing fluid.''' ,'''The Mondays are not going to last for ever and I can't live that lifestyle for ever.''' ,'''I have special pants I wear at Christmas.''' ,'''I've never been addicted to anything. Not even ciggies.''' ,'''I played football for a United XI against Newcastle recently, and then did a show with the Mondays the weekend after. Man, my legs! My groin! I really struggled through that gig. I'm not as young as I used to be.''' ,'''We've got older now but I'd love nothing more than to have Shaun back in my life again so we can enjoy some more good times.''' ,'''I just love the apple. There's no contest as far as fruit goes, in my eyes. It comes from the garden of Eden.''' ,'''I couldn't believe that I'd got to the age of 50 and was feeling that my life was just beginning.''' ,'''With some cider you can literally taste the spirituality in it.''' ,'''I am standing for everyday Britons who want their country back.''' ,'''I don't think my dad understood my character as a child growing up.''' ,'''Believe it or not, I once did 'Mastermind' and I'm happy to say I didn't finish last.''' ,'''In a funny sort of way, the ramshackle bunch known as the Happy Mondays were a lifesaver for me.''' ,'''I don't do evil.''' ,'''I'm a man of the people, a man for all people. I reckon that's why I won 'Celebrity Big Brother.' People saw the real me, a decent bloke.''' ,'''I wanted a lifestyle that wasn't money-based.''' ,'''My old fella was a policeman; he was a chief inspector of the anti-terrorism squad.''' ,'''Labour has sold working class Britons down the river. Meanwhile, the Tories are now beating us black and blue in a dark alley.''' ,'''I bought my Mrs. a cake mixer, had her baking me cakes and biscuits every day and I was spending over £100 a week on chocolate!''' ,'''I won't be on the stage because my performing days are over. Basically I'm too old. I'm incapable of doing the job, I'm carrying too many injuries.''' ,'''My Flying Bus stage at Glastonbury is really special to me and a great hangout for the hardcore party people.''' ,'''I am trying to get permaculture on to the national curriculum to teach children how to take care of their own health, rather than relying on businesses to feed them.''' ,'''The Labour party was supposed to defend the people and be for the working class, but now they only have ever-so-slightly different polices from the Conservatives.''' ,'''I live with a few friends on a plot of land.''' ,'''I am an eternal survivor.''' ,'''If bees die out we are really going to be in trouble.''' ,'''I've got no pension, and I'm not going to go out with a begging bowl.''' ,'''I've got my places where no one will find me.''' ,'''I always advise my sons to believe that they can do whatever they want, and they do. They're very similar to me in their attitude.''' ,'''I always deliver on my promises, and I can promise that doing 'Strictly' would be as much of an entertaining laugh for the viewers at it would be for me.''' ,'''I'll never forget the first time I went to the Hacienda. It was like walking into a big butcher's fridge, with the plastic curtains hanging down. It was everything we had ever dreamed of in a nightclub.''' ,'''Obviously we make a living out of the Happy Mondays. We've been 30-odd years in the industry and couldn't really go out and get a normal job.''' ,'''When I went traveling, I was sleeping on the beach. Sometimes I was starving. I used to dream of eating a meat pie from the chippy.''' ,'''Being in Happy Mondays has been like a long marriage with highs and lows. We've known each other since high school and are great friends, though there have been severe fallings out.''' ,'''I would never do politics again.''' ,'''I don't like either the Labour Party or the Conservatives, but I did really like Tony Benn.''' ,'''I've always eaten healthily; I've always been quite athletic and sporty, and I've always lived a balanced lifestyle.''' ,'''I used to like Dick Francis novels as a kid, who was like Enid Blyton but based around horses, and he'd write about the skulduggery of the racing world.''' ,'''In my mind, if anyone can save the world from destroying itself, it will be the creative minds: the thinkers, the artists and the avant-garde trailblazers that will ultimately bring down the whole matrix of untruth and set mankind on a lesser destructive and more spiritual path.''' ,'''Certainly, with the state of the Arctic and rising sea-levels, it would be beneficial to move people away from our coastlines and flood-lands before further devastation.''' ,'''Nobody got half of my politics because I was saying everything should be free.''' ,'''The money all went to the taxman. I'm completely skint.''' ,'''There is a system set up that we live in, and I've got to use that system and fight the revolution from within. It's about taking steps against the bankers, corporations and people trampling all over human rights.''' ,'''I lived in sheds, I kipped under bushes, sofa surfing - I went through the whole array of it.''' ,'''I was deemed difficult to deal with and I blame my behavioural problems on the measles jab. I've got no proof though; it's just hearsay, but I do believe a lot of these vaccinations were absolutely unnecessary.''' ,'''I keep bees, I make all my own booze, from cider to beer to elderflower wines and all that, growing our own food, creating our own energy, making sure that in the future I never have to go with a begging bowl in my hand and won't have to ask the corporations for anything because I'll be able to provide everything I need for myself.''' ,'''You always worry for your kids' wellbeing.''' ,'''The idea of living on the land and growing my own food and energy was really appealing.''' ,'''I certainly didn't wake up one morning and forget to register The Reality Party. Far from it. The Electoral Commission didn't run checks thoroughly before giving us the green light in March 2014, and then months later suddenly wanted to question our party name when it came to light that we might confuse voters.''' ,'''We're facing last orders in the last chance saloon when it comes to climate change.''' ,'''I don't want to do Happy Mondays and Black Grape again.''' ,'''I can take to any lifestyle given half the chance.''' ,'''My grandad, when he came home from the war, the only thing he came home with was four massive tins of honey and ever since honey has been part of our family life - on our cereal and in our tea.''' ,'''I'm just poorly organized.''' ,'''It has been quite a rollercoaster ride, but one that I've enjoyed.''' ,'''Getting the truth out of any politician is hard.''' ,'''I had COVID a week before they made the announcement. I couldn't breathe and I couldn't tell if it was my heart or my lungs. I got to the hospital and I said, 'I've been having this heart attack for three days' and they plugged me into the machines and everything and I had a swollen heart and a virus. I really seriously thought I was going to die.''' ,'''If you're going to spend a week in bed you might as well do it in style.''' ,'''I've got no acting skills, no musical skills and I haven't really got any dancing skills.''' ,'''I'm still rebelling against the system, but now I'm rebelling through politics instead of dancing.''' ,'''I have got a personal trainer who puts me through my passes.''' ,'''I would like to go right back in time to when God created man, and the Adam and Eve story, and the Anunnaki and all that, to discover the real truth about our creation.''' ,'''I was quite worried about old Shaun as he isn't the healthiest man in the world. I've always told him to take Vitamin C and all that but he says, 'I'm allergic to it.'''' ,'''Not in my wildest dreams did I think it would ever become a job. I'm forever grateful for it happening. Although it did take me years to own up to being a dancer.''' ,'''I grew up in a very working-class area with a high crime rate and when I first started to break away from my social conditioning, I fell into a life of crime.''' ,'''No one in Britain wants Fracking. But the government is, against the will of the people, trying to force it upon us all. And we're not having it.''' ,'''Trump is an all-American President. You don't get there unless you've been chosen by the leading elite.''' ,'''I've been known to have a good guess at the future.''' ,'''Jobseeker's Allowance was on me case trying to get me to do some warehouse work. Shifting boxes of beans or something, so I thought 'I'd better do the Mondays thing instead.'''' ,]
+++