+++
author = "Tyrann Mathieu"
title = "Tyrann Mathieu Quotes"
quotes_len = "94"
description = "the best 94 Tyrann Mathieu Quotes"
keywords = "tyrann mathieu,tyrann mathieu quotes,tyrann mathieu quote,tyrann mathieu sayings,tyrann mathieu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Me and Sean Payton have a great relationship.''' ,'''The best show I went to was probably Curren$y. I went to see him when I was at LSU. He's a mellow rapper, but he has a way with crowds and his fans follow him wherever he goes.''' ,'''It's about gaining that confidence back in myself. Believing in myself more than others may believe.''' ,'''I want to be the same guy I am in the weight room that I am on the football field.''' ,'''I'm always moving around. It's hard for offenses to get a grip on what I'm doing or where I'm at.''' ,'''I like chillin' by the pool.''' ,'''I know what it feels like to lie to people. I know what it feels like for people not to trust you.''' ,'''I always focus on the negatives.''' ,'''I guess I did go through my phase where I wanted to be a rapper. I made music, but I was never really good at it.''' ,'''I don't want anyone to believe in me more than me.''' ,'''You gotta have faith. You gotta keep your head up.''' ,'''I like movies, action movies. I definitely would be an actor in Hollywood.''' ,'''I do know that it takes a lot to look in that mirror and fix yourself.''' ,'''I want to start a foundation called Second Chance. I was given a second chance, so I want to reach out to different groups of people. It would be nice to give that opportunity to others.''' ,'''What you have to have is motivation and you have to have drive.''' ,'''I've lived my whole life trying to prove that I'm worthy of being a part of something because I never really felt that.''' ,'''Trust takes time, especially when you've done a lot of things for people not to trust you.''' ,'''I've got to be the best person that Tyrann can be.''' ,'''But, most of the time it takes people to hit rock bottom for them to start believing in themselves, and start seeking help.''' ,'''But, yeah, I definitely want to get a Cardinals tattoo.''' ,'''It's not all about money for me.''' ,'''I celebrate my teammates' plays more than I celebrate my plays.''' ,'''I was fortunate. And I hate using the word lucky, but I was very, very lucky. Because, all of those things were around me man. The violence, the drugs, the abuse of women. All these things were present in my life. And I take a step back and I try to reflect on my journey and what helped me out.''' ,'''I want to... help the young guys, help my teammates, help everybody be confident and make everybody feel like they're special.''' ,'''I grew up listening to the Hot Boys, with Lil Wayne and all those guys.''' ,'''I want to be a beacon to kids like me, the ones who grow up without hope.''' ,'''It makes you grateful, it makes you humble that you have the opportunity to be a father and be there for your son. My father wasn't, so I just try to do the right things for my son.''' ,'''I think a lot of people would probably assume that I had a bad relationship with LSU, and I don't think that was ever the case.''' ,'''The tough part is when someone asks you to take a pay cut. I don't think that makes sense for a lot of players.''' ,'''New Orleans is a great place, a place of celebration. But on the other hand, there's a reality to it, there's violence, there's misguided youth.''' ,'''I want to go somewhere where I can be completely immersed in football, and it's not too much about anything but winning - I want to be a part of winning culture, where you feel that all the time. That's all I want.''' ,'''I never want people to think I'm not playing my hardest or I'm not giving it my all.''' ,'''I didn't really like playing free safety. I didn't like being in the middle of the field.''' ,'''Not too many people have my story. And this is my story: A guy goes from unknown to a Heisman Trophy finalist. He gets kicked out of school. He absolutely rebounds himself. He becomes a millionaire. He's taking care of his family. And then he's getting injured.''' ,'''I would never twerk, no. Ever.''' ,'''Ultimately you play the game to be the champion, to be remembered.''' ,'''I want people who go through tough times, hard times, or didn't have everything right-things didn't fall in their lap or go in their favor-to know that they can still achieve their dream and go to the highest of the highs.''' ,'''I don't have anything against the 'Honey Badger.' It's just that 'Honey Badger' happened at such a dark time in my life. If the little kids out there want to call me the 'Honey Badger,' they can do that.''' ,'''I moved to Humble under really unfortunate circumstances obviously, Hurricane Katrina, so our family was displaced here for four months. Humble was a home for us.''' ,'''The violence in New Orleans is erupting and it's continuing to grow at an alarming rate.''' ,'''I want to be a great teammate, and I want to be the same leader on the field that I know I can be off the field.''' ,'''When you surround yourself with the wrong people it's going to backfire every time.''' ,'''I'm the best player in the world. That's how I feel.''' ,'''My adopted parents were able to pay for me to go to a private school. So I had it better than most people.''' ,'''LSU has a strong drug testing program and LSU went to great lengths to help me in my treatment and recovery.''' ,'''It's senseless. I've lost several uncles, I've lost my best friend to gun violence in New Orleans.''' ,'''At LSU, I was a true leader. I know I made some mistakes, but I think I was a leader for my teammates.''' ,'''Any time I'm healthy I feel like I'm the best defensive player in the NFL.''' ,'''A lot of people do impulsive things. They just go with their moves. I used to do that. Once I was able to control my mind, I was able to control my actions.''' ,'''I have a Yorkie named King. Just the relationship I've developed with him is special. He really is somewhat of a best friend. When I come home from a hard day, he's always happy to see me.''' ,'''I like Kanye and Kendrick Lamar.''' ,'''It is irresponsible and shows a lack of integrity for anyone to disclose medical information regardless of how it was gathered. I would expect that conversations regarding my drug testing history during the course of my medical treatment would be private.''' ,'''I just want to prove my point that I'm one of the best safeties in this league.''' ,'''I've got a variety of things I like to listen to. I like R&B. I like Chris Brown. I like Nas. I like Jay Z. Rick Ross. Kanye West. I try to mix it up.''' ,'''I take great pride in being who I am. Whether I'm broken or not, I am who I am.''' ,'''I'm always thankful for the stuff I went through and thankful for the people I've met, and I'm thankful even for some of the bad times because all of it helps get you to wherever you are in your life.''' ,'''Big-time college ball is a business, and they work you to death. You're in the gym at 7 A. M., got classes all morning, then five hours of practice a day.''' ,'''Everybody can't be Lil Wayne. Some of us have to pick up a book.''' ,'''I've always been a player that could do a lot of different things.''' ,'''My whole life, I've seen things I can't unsee.''' ,'''There's not many people that I can't relate to and can't share experiences with.''' ,'''The people of Arizona, they've been very warm and welcoming.''' ,'''I was a rock star. I was the president of Baton Rouge, Louisiana.''' ,'''I want to be present for my kids, and my biological father wasn't present for me.''' ,'''Most people try to isolate themselves and pretend like things are all good when a lot of times, that's not how it is.''' ,'''I don't think I can go back to New Orleans. I don't think that's possible.''' ,'''I've always been quiet, for the most part, especially any time I've come into a new environment.''' ,'''I'm adopted by my uncle and aunt, who I look to as my parents and people who really did everything they could to put me on the right path. I'm really grateful to them.''' ,'''I can't make someone tell the truth. But I can ask.''' ,'''Going to school is cool, being accountable is cool, being responsible is cool. Those things are the cool things to do.''' ,'''I'm trying to reach out for help as much as I can. That's why I got into a rehab program. That's why I get counseling. That's why I have a sponsor.''' ,'''I take the good; I take the bad. I don't outweigh them. I just try to balance it all.''' ,'''I think of guys like Troy Polamalu. These are guys who didn't see much action in the regular season, but when it came postseason time, they made their plays. That's ultimately how they got their names. Ed Reed. Troy Polamalu. Ty Law. Asante Samuel.''' ,'''I think Tom Brady is one of the greatest competitors of all time.''' ,'''A lot of the things that I put before football, was really not fun anymore without football.''' ,'''I've always wanted a perfect life.''' ,'''I've got two parents, I don't ride around with guns, and I've never put my hands on a woman. But the only team that believed me was the Cardinals.''' ,'''LSU is the only fan base that truly knows Tyrann. I couldn't play for another school. I just couldn't do it. I wouldn't have given my all playing for another school. I was only going to give my all for LSU.''' ,'''I'm not one of those guys who gets stronger in the weight room.''' ,'''But when you talk about the education and you talk about the lack of recreation for kids to do, I mean, it's second to none in New Orleans when you talk about the lack of opportunities for young people. And it's not just black kids, it's white kids. It's Asian kids. I had Vietnamese kids in my class that had lack of opportunities.''' ,'''Life is funny and weird.''' ,'''Many times I looked in the mirror and didn't see anything. Couldn't see anything. I didn't see anything in the mirror. It was me, but I didn't truly know my soul, my spirit.''' ,'''A lot of guys, they feed off me... I'm extremely prideful in what I do. I think a lot of guys take heed of that. They look up to that.''' ,'''You will never see Lil Wayne in New Orleans. You will never see those type of guys in New Orleans because the hate and the jealousy is that real and it's that overwhelming.''' ,'''Any team that's consistent over time, you have to respect what they have.''' ,'''I don't have any bad vibes with LSU. I learned so much there. I experienced so much there. I had so much fun. I met great people.''' ,'''I just want to be remembered as an inspiration. I don't want to be remembered as anything else.''' ,'''I think me, as a leader, as a guy that's been cut, been humiliated, embarrassed, whatever you put on it, I think it's important just to embrace the guys around you, really support them, encourage them and then kinda give them that confidence. Let them know that you believe in them, and hopefully they'll get to believing in themselves.''' ,'''I'd rather be a shooting star than a fading star.''' ,'''Walking alone, just thinking - that's treatment, man. That's the most comforting rehab I've known.''' ,'''It's just the vibe I got when I landed in New Orleans. The culture is absolutely different. It's so dangerous, I tell you, I fly in and I fly out of town. That's how scared I am. And this is where I came from.''' ,'''I'm surrounding myself with people who want to do what I want to do, which is be a football player.''' ,'''I know what it's like to be humiliated.''' ,'''I try to speak from a place of understanding and most times I'm speaking from a place of experience.''' ,]
+++