+++
author = "Quinn Cook"
title = "Quinn Cook Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Quinn Cook Quotes"
keywords = "quinn cook,quinn cook quotes,quinn cook quote,quinn cook sayings,quinn cook saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For sure, I think that's the mission in all life, whether it's basketball, being a doctor, building a company. I think we take social justice and the lessons we're learning now, that everybody is learning.''' ,'''I promised my dad that I'd take care of my mom and sister, and that's exactly what I'm going to do.''' ,'''Every phase of my life always hasn't been perfect for me. I've had to go through some adversity.''' ,'''I try to keep my routine as consistent as possible. I try to lift every single day. It's not powerlifting. It's not lifting to become the strongest man in the world. It's lifting just to stay in shape. Stay lean. Stay injury free.''' ,'''I wanted to win every day, I wanted to show them every day that I was an NBA player - from shooting the ball in practice, to being there early or forming relationships - everything in my power I tried to do.''' ,'''I've always been a point guard, so being a coach on the floor, I've had to connect with every one of my teammates and find ways to motivate them, find ways to build them up.''' ,'''My first 10-day contract in Dallas. It was long because we had five games in 10 days. Players get called up on a 10-day and their team might only have a schedule of three games. So I got to play in five games and I was fortunate for that.''' ,'''Going to a powerhouse high school, playing on ESPN a couple times a year, playing a nationally ranked schedule and also playing in the best conference in the world in high school, I was lucky. We'd have no less than nine guys go Division 1 every year.''' ,'''My goal is to live out my dreams, to have a long NBA career, win championships and provide for them. My mom works two jobs. She does security and event staffing. My sister is a waitress. Anytime I'm down or don't want to work out, I remember our situation and what I've got to keep doing.''' ,'''I'm always living in the moment.''' ,'''I believed in, I don't want to call it miracles, but God has a way of making things work out.''' ,'''I don't want to dress very loud. My style is straight to the point. Being comfortable is really the biggest thing, and a classic look is comfortable for me.''' ,'''I want to keep getting better, being a great teammate and try to keep learning from our guys and help as much as possible. I'm not satisfied with where I'm at.''' ,'''I'm a gym rat, I'm a workaholic.''' ,'''Basketball is therapeutic for a lot of us. We all love, live and breathe basketball.''' ,'''I was fortunate to be in a great situation in Canton, be the leader of the team my rookie year. I got to show a lot of people that I was an NBA player on a nightly basis.''' ,'''I like breakfast food - like three pancakes, bacon, eggs, and a smoothie. Growing up, I would be up all night and had trouble getting up. So my mom started making me a smoothie as a treat if I woke up at a certain time.''' ,'''Five guys on my high school team made the NBA.''' ,'''Yes, this is our job, but when we're having rough days and when we're going through tough times, we can all come to the gym and come to the locker room and let everything out.''' ,'''The best players in the world are working so hard, I gotta work even harder.''' ,'''I knew I was an NBA player and that I just needed the right opportunity in the right situation.''' ,'''At Duke, I wasn't able to score like I did in high school, just because we had so many great players, and I had to accept a role, which I was fine with, but it gave people another look at my game.''' ,'''I want to relate with everybody. All I'll say is I'm home every summer, if we really want to play.''' ,'''I mean, obviously when you've a lot of time on your hands, you get together and you're always always debating that team vs. that team, that player vs. that player, all these hypothetical matchups.''' ,'''I'm a guy who comes home: I'll play outside, go to this gym, that gym, see all these guys.''' ,'''I'm trying to be in the best shape of my life. I'm getting stronger and more athletic to help rebound and to guard bigger opponents.''' ,'''You get on an elevator with someone, you say hi to them, you speak to them. You give respect. That's just how I've always been.''' ,'''Wherever I go, I know my dad is guiding my path.''' ,'''I'm in the NBA and I won a championship. I had some great things happen, but I'm not satisfied.''' ,'''I try to keep my shoes as clean as possible and make them complement the fit.''' ,]
+++