+++
author = "Joey Votto"
title = "Joey Votto Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Joey Votto Quotes"
keywords = "joey votto,joey votto quotes,joey votto quote,joey votto sayings,joey votto saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One of the advantages of playing in a smaller market is that I can go back to Toronto, or all across the States and never be recognized. I get to go out to dinner, walk my dog, or go to the mall and nobody knows who I am.''' ,'''I love competing against the best and I take a lot of pride in it.''' ,'''I think the smart teams are chasing those well-rounded players, making that well-rounded lineup, having that well-rounded team.''' ,'''I'm always ready to be attacked.''' ,'''If you give a guy 1,000 opportunities and he hits 30 home runs or 500 opportunities and he hits 30 home runs, it's not the same thing. I know. This is what I do for a living, and I know who is better at what I do.''' ,'''I think I am boring. That's good. I strive for boring in all elements of my game.''' ,'''I'm not trying to do something in particular each at-bat, I'm just trying to get the most out of that at-bat, do something that helps the team in the long run.''' ,'''I want to be great at what I do. I take a lot of pride in it. And I try not to sell myself short in my work and preparation.''' ,'''I kind of want to go play in the Caribbean Series to be honest. I'm not even kidding about that.''' ,'''There are some instances where I don't have an opportunity to do anything but walk. There are instances where I get pitches to hit and I can hopefully do something good with it, and I try not to give anything away.''' ,'''Cincinnati is a prettier city than people give it credit for, I like it here, like the people. They're so polite.''' ,'''I'm a Reds fan. I signed up to be a Reds fan, I want to be a Reds fan.''' ,'''I'm very fond of coming to St. Louis.''' ,'''I'm fine at basketball. I can ride the pine with the best of them.''' ,'''I wasn't raised inside of Canadian baseball really.''' ,'''I'd like to continue to reduce the amount of balls I swing at outside the strike zone. I've been told I have a really low number, one of the lowest percentages in the game, but there's no reason it shouldn't be the lowest.''' ,'''You won't give yourself an opportunity to do good things unless you are out on the field.''' ,'''The challenges of my career have made me better and tougher overall and made me resilient.''' ,'''I think that I've proven when healthy that I'm a healthy part of the team.''' ,'''Seeing certain players join certain teams, basically throwing off the entire power dynamic, more or less removing any chance of any other team sharing in success, I just - no.''' ,'''I would not be where I am now without the efforts of so many Canadian baseball people and the fans of Canadian baseball.''' ,'''Baseball-Reference has been very good to me during my career.''' ,'''If I go out to dinner in Cincinnati, I know everyone's eyes are on me, or at least the people who recognize me. Eyes are on me, judging me, and I can't relax. I can't be at ease. I don't like that feeling.''' ,'''I never want to be apologetic for anything I say.''' ,'''Some players just have the natural stroke that you throw them in the lineup and all of the sudden they turn on a ball and hit it out of the ballpark.''' ,'''I come into camp every year with the hope and expectation of playing every game I'm available, every game that is available to me.''' ,'''Most elite players want to maximize the length of the contract, no matter the money.''' ,'''I was really happy with the 2,000th hit, because before the at-bat, I wanted to make sure my uniform looked good, my socks looked good. I made sure that way, if there's a highlight, I at least look my best. It was a really good at-bat. I was very happy, because the pitcher was throwing very tough pitches that at-bat.''' ,'''I used to be a big fan of the NBA until Kevin Durant joined the Golden State Warriors.''' ,'''There's only a certain percentage of the strike zone that you can do extra-base hit, barrel damage with the ball. Just because it's in the strike zone doesn't mean you have to take a cut at it.''' ,'''I think it's very difficult to have fewer opportunities to have success and still execute. My favorite player was Barry Bonds, and he got so few opportunities.''' ,'''I came out of a Canadian high school where the hardest people were throwing was in the 70-mph range - 70-75 mph, maybe. I found that getting to pro ball was overwhelming.''' ,'''I, personally, have standards that I have set for myself. I'd like to achieve those and look back without regret.''' ,'''Personally, until Mike Trout came into the league I thought I would be in the conversation for best player in the game. Then he screwed that up for everybody - Babe Ruth and Ted Williams included. He has ruined it for everyone.''' ,'''I'd rather quit and leave all the money on the table than play at a poor level.''' ,'''It bothered me when Kevin Durant left Oklahoma City.''' ,'''I don't think materialistic things are my priority.''' ,'''No matter what, I'm being paid to perform.''' ,'''I'll be disappointed if I retire and I am not part of a championship club here in Cincinnati specifically.''' ,'''Basketball is my favorite sport.''' ,'''I come to work every day and fit in, and be respectful of my teammates.''' ,'''I think if I let the team's performance dictate how I behave or how I perceive my performance, or whether or not there's value, or whether or not anyone even cares, it's a dangerous and slippery slope.''' ,'''I think people do things and say things emotionally when they make it personal.''' ,'''It almost sounds ridiculous - but I almost feel like I've re-learned to hit.''' ,'''I'm proud to wear a Reds uniform, and I look forward to doing that until the last day of my Major League Baseball career.''' ,'''Great players have bad years.''' ,'''I don't perceive a lot of the things that a lot of people perceive as negative as a negative - and the inverse, I don't think a lot of the things people think are positive are positive, necessarily.''' ,'''I'm all about neutralizing talent and making things fair, and evaluating a player based on what he does all the way around.''' ,'''The people in Cincinnati have gotten to know me.''' ,'''Hitting is very challenging, you never get it solved.''' ,'''If I'm on the field not performing well, it's because I'm not performing well, not because I'm not healthy.''' ,'''When you are raised in a restaurant you really don't want to go to one that often, I'd rather cook.''' ,'''The people in St. Louis have been great to me. Fans have been great.''' ,'''I was raised in Mimico, a small neighborhood just outside of Toronto, Canada. One of the most culturally diverse cities in the world.''' ,'''I didn't know if it was possible, but I wanted to some day be the highest paid Canadian player.''' ,'''I look forward to batting practice. I look forward to practice work.''' ,'''I'm part of the entertainment industry.''' ,'''I think we're in a new era of baseball where it's not OK to have a lumbering slugger in the corner of the outfield not catching the ball, and not taking the extra base.''' ,'''In 2002, the Cincinnati Reds selected me with the 44th pick in the Major League Baseball draft. At 18 years of age, I began my professional career, traveling around America on buses, growing up in clubhouses that were predominantly divided between white Americans and Latinos.''' ,'''I know that one day I won't be good enough to play baseball anymore. But as long as I have an opportunity to, I want to keep fighting.''' ,'''My teammates, my friends, the ones that I shared great times with, faced prejudices that I never did and when they shared their experiences... I did not hear them.''' ,'''My favorite ability in a player is the combination of aggressiveness and patience.''' ,'''I go back to Toronto each off season and feel renewed every time I cross the border to my home and native land.''' ,'''I'm grateful for the things I've faced in my career because they make me better - every single one of them.''' ,'''Baseball has been very good to me, but baseball has evolved into a hybrid of work and passion.''' ,'''I'm a different hitter than most.''' ,'''My goal is to play as often as possible and help the team in any way, shape or form I can.''' ,'''Randy Johnson had a tell. If he thought you knew what was coming, he would hit you. So that was his tell. That's probably, that's a tell. That's a tell from Randy Johnson. He'd hit you, happily.''' ,'''I have been very fortunate to see some very clearly excellent players play well to the very ends of their career, where they opted not to play anymore. I'm talking about Adrian Beltre. I'm talking about Torii Hunter. I'm talking about David Ortiz, Chipper Jones, Derek Jeter. These are players who decided, 'You know, I've had enough. That's good.'''' ,'''In this league, if you're going to be tested, you have to answer quickly. I feel like if you show signs of weakness, people attack that pretty quickly.''' ,'''My goal is to stay on the field, stay healthy and be a part of some wins.''' ,'''Initially when I got called up, I thought it would change my life. And it didn't. Then when I won the Most Valuable Player, I thought I'd be a Beatle and I'd be overwhelmed and not be able to leave my hotel room. I don't say that with arrogance, I say it with unknown.''' ,'''I'm a guy that has the skills to hit the ball hard.''' ,'''I love to play at a really high level.''' ,'''I appreciate some of the attention and the accolades, but I typically shy away from it.''' ,'''Each and every day, I think about the importance of earning my paycheck and playing well.''' ,'''My objective with men at 2nd and 3rd is to get one quality pitch to drive them in. If it's not available, I'm going to go to first base. I won't make any apologies about that.''' ,'''I just do my best to put the ball in play and put it in play where no one's going to make a play on it and hopefully drive some runners in.''' ,'''I will admit when I was 16, 17 years old, the thought of playing for the Jays was at the top. There's something about joining a club and being embraced by a club and then building a relationship and commitment to a team.''' ,'''I spend most of my time thinking about - whether I am making the minimum or a big number, salary-wise - how can I be competitive as long as I have an opportunity to play.''' ,'''I know a lot of athletes, they want to play until their 45 or 50 or whatever, some athletes claim, but count me out on that.''' ,'''Almost all the great players I admire performed well deep into their 30s and their 40s, almost all of them, and I don't think I'm any different.''' ,'''If I was just a guy who hit 24 home runs and drove in 100, I wouldn't be a special player.''' ,'''The best hitters can do everything.''' ,'''I know the feeling of being in a city - and a team winning a championship - as a young person, and then seeing the impact in the community, seeing the excitement for days, for weeks, for long stretch of time, and how special it can be.''' ,'''I've been in a Reds' uniform, in Cincinnati, owning a house here, part of the community. I cross paths with tons of people. Every time it's about 'let's win, let's keep going, let's win a championship here.' And the support has been tremendous. And I want to be a part of the team that gives that back to the community.''' ,'''Some say I'm selfish. My approach is the complete opposite of selfishness.''' ,'''I feel lucky that I was able to sign a contract for an extended period of time with a no-trade clause. I don't take that lightly. I also understand that there are gonna be ebbs and flows, and peaks and valleys.''' ,'''I legitimately would like to drive a yellow bus when I'm older so I've actually thought about - I want to be either a crossing guard or drive a yellow bus. Drive the kids to school or let them cross to school so, you know, that's something I'm excited about. I'm serious about that. I think that will be great.''' ,'''I love talking baseball. I think it's an interesting subject, I think it's something I'm familiar with. It's something I can constantly learn about, I do like talking with the fans and I do like talking with everyman. I really enjoy it.''' ,'''My teammates have been very supportive, and I feel lucky because of that.''' ,'''He would watch every single Reds game. He was the first one to teach me how to play baseball. I played catch with him on a daily basis when I was really young. He was a big fan. He was just in love with what I did and me. He was a great father to me.''' ,'''I want to be excellent at my craft.''' ,'''I follow basketball. That was always one of my passions and enjoyed watching it. I appreciate how athletically gifted those guys are. Just never got into hockey.''' ,'''There's nothing more fun than standing at the plate and hitting the ball really hard, see the ball go over the fence. It's really a satisfying feeling. It always makes you feel like you're doing your job.''' ,'''When I was younger, I was like, 'I'm working now, and you go work.' That was all I knew, because I was trying to keep my head above water. Now I'm more willing to say, 'Let's do our work side by side and cooperate.' That's really difficult to do in this sport sometimes because it can be so individualized.''' ,'''I've got some teammates telling me I can play for a long time, ooh, boy, I don't want to play for a long time.''' ,'''I just want to be in the middle of the order, playing solid defense, playing every day, being competitive and earning that my manager, the coaching staff, the front office, my teammates have faith that I'm going to be a helpful teammate. I want to do that until the very end.''' ,'''I feel like I've got a process swing. It takes a long time to get to where it needs to be and to stay there. The advantage - if I'm healthy - more often than not, it tends to stay there.''' ,'''I will not be a very satisfied, happy person if I don't perform at the level that I expect.''' ,]
+++