+++
author = "Joshua Michael Stern"
title = "Joshua Michael Stern Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Joshua Michael Stern Quotes"
keywords = "joshua michael stern,joshua michael stern quotes,joshua michael stern quote,joshua michael stern sayings,joshua michael stern saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm working on a few different films and I'm just searching for the right new story to tell. As a director, you just have to kind of like just get through the first project before starting on the next one.''' ,'''Doing a movie about computers between 1978 and 1982? You can't get much less sexy, less active than that.''' ,'''Of course, I saw 'The Social Network,' which is a beautiful film.''' ,'''There's a moment where Jobs says that one day you will wake up and realize that the world was created by people no smarter than you. I want people to believe that; we're so often bound by obstructions and judges.''' ,'''People have asked me, 'Is it about Apple or is it about Jobs?' and I say it's about how a man becomes his company and the company becomes the man. That has only happened a few times, like it happened with Ford, I think, they became inextricably linked together.''' ,'''To me that's what Jobs was about. He said at the end of the movie, 'When you realize that the world was created by people no smarter than you, your life will change.' That, to me, is a message for right now and people figuring out what they're going to do with themselves.''' ,'''Steve Jobs just made a product. He started off where a lot of people were skeptical of what he was doing, and he basically just focused on the product and making it the best he could, and really focused on what it was that these products would take into your lives.''' ,'''I think that we see Steve Jobs as the genius speaker in the mock black turtleneck with the round glasses, sort of beautifully delivering his new product, and I think that for people to understand that he started in a garage.''' ,'''Doing a movie about Steve Jobs is just generally a provocative thing to do, whoever does it, and it begs a lot of questioning and skepticism only in that, what is this going to be? What am I going to be looking at? And curiosity as well. I think that's all positive in any film, because you want people to be curious about it.''' ,'''The young Steve Jobs had a hard time articulating something that didn't exist. He could see it, taste it, knew what it felt like, but he didn't have all the language because it hadn't been invented yet. People didn't fathom the personal computer on a mass produced level.''' ,'''There's a few in our history, where the person who creates it becomes almost the product itself. Jobs is one of those.''' ,]
+++