+++
author = "Corey Hart"
title = "Corey Hart Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Corey Hart Quotes"
keywords = "corey hart,corey hart quotes,corey hart quote,corey hart sayings,corey hart saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Truthfully, I'm still Corey Hart, Dad, first.''' ,'''There is no schooling for fame and success. You learn as you walk.''' ,''''Truth Will Set U Free' is about honesty. My philosophic belief that ultimately being true to yourself is liberating, with every individual's inalienable right to be who they are without fear or recrimination.''' ,'''I needed to step away from music because the truth was I couldn't be the dad I wanted to be to my kids. My truth was that I could not reconcile the two worlds - the entertainment world and being the dad I wanted to be in the present. You can't substitute time, you just can't.''' ,'''Along the beach I never collected shells from my father's shore.''' ,'''This may sound strange but I had dreams as a kid of doing exactly what I ended up doing in my life.''' ,'''My idea of a romantic night is to watch action films.''' ,'''Music was my oxygen. It's what saved me from being a really lonely and scared teenager.''' ,'''I think you can learn as much from success as you can from failure.''' ,'''There is nothing more important in my life than being a father. I will never allow any of my career choices or aspirations to threaten this bond.''' ,'''Above these universal themes 'Truth Will Set U Free' is also a song composed for those who were born gay. I am a straight man so I do not profess to understand or know what a LGBT person experiences but I do recognize injustice when I see it.''' ,'''Money, celebrity and power can be very intoxicating.''' ,'''It's weird. Prior to having my first record, Corey Hart was just my name.''' ,'''I can analyse the trajectory of my popularity and find out why the peak was a peak and the valley was a valley - grapple with it that way - but I prefer not to analyse it that much.''' ,'''Wearing sunglasses at night hurts your eyes after a while.''' ,'''I became somewhat reclusive during a period of time in the '80s.''' ,]
+++