+++
author = "Catherine Bell"
title = "Catherine Bell Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Catherine Bell Quotes"
keywords = "catherine bell,catherine bell quotes,catherine bell quote,catherine bell sayings,catherine bell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think my uncle was probably the biggest influence in my life. We grew up in the same house, and he was just a really great, hard-working, honest, ethical person.''' ,'''I get letters from kids, teenagers and young girls who just want to be Mac. I've had quite a few people actually say that they're going to become a Marine or a JAG lawyer because of me... the character. I think that's pretty cool!''' ,'''Almost every Marine I've met says I portray a Marine dead-on, which is really, really flattering.''' ,'''When all the girls were getting all made up and getting into all that girl stuff in junior high I was out playing softball or touch football with the guys.''' ,'''The main prank that we play with props is for people's birthdays. The special effects people will put a little explosive in the cake so it blows up in their face - that's always fun to play on a guest star, or one of the trainees or someone who's new.''' ,'''I'm a firm believer in doing things that scare you.''' ,'''I love cold, rainy weather.''' ,'''Not as much as I used to, but I use the Internet for everything. I use it for information. Like if I'm planning a trip or something, I'll check out the place I'm going to.''' ,'''Probably right at the end of JAG, I would love to have a child or two. I ultimately want to have two kids.''' ,'''We're just into toys, whether it's motorcycles or race cars or computers. I've got the Palm Pilot right here with me, I've got the world's smallest phone. Maybe it's just because I'm still a big little kid and I just love toys, you know?''' ,'''When I do get time, I like to hike and I take lots of vitamins and powders to keep healthy.''' ,'''I like all the adventure sports but I like to do them in a safe way.''' ,'''The best part? Probably being able to portray such a respectable, ethical, intelligent, strong woman. That's still pretty rare in our business, unfortunately.''' ,'''It's changing a bit, but the thing in LA is everyone is either in the industry, or knows someone who is in the industry. So, they don't let on that they recognize you, that's what I've found out.''' ,'''But, people are recognizing me more. Sometimes fans just approach me on the street and say how much they love the show. It's great to get that kind of feedback.''' ,'''I love England though; I've been back a few times and just love it. My favorite thing to do there is going to museums and all the castles. Oh, and my husband and I went mountain biking across England on our honeymoon!''' ,'''I think it's great that she's not perfect and wasn't perfect. I think that's maybe why so many young girls and different people look up to Mac and respect her even more.''' ,'''Sometimes you work all the way through to 5am, then get a few hours and you're back on set again.''' ,'''I love to go bungee jumping, jump out of planes, ride motorbikes, do kickboxing. I love all that stuff.''' ,'''I've always been like that. I was a tomboy when I was a kid, so I was always playing baseball and basketball and football and stuff as a kid with the boys.''' ,'''I didn't figure out the makeup or cute hair or clothes until oh, maybe my junior year of high school.''' ,'''JAG is an acronym for the Judge Advocate General, which is the judicial system of the military.''' ,'''I understand men much better than most women I know.''' ,'''I started acting when I was about 18. I was a model for a couple of years before that.''' ,'''I started when I was in college because I was shy and thought it would be a good way to break out of that.''' ,'''People think I'm crazy and reckless but I'm absolutely not... I'm soooo safe and soooo careful and I won't do anything that feels like I could break something.''' ,'''I'm still one of the guys and I always will be.''' ,]
+++