+++
author = "Cain Velasquez"
title = "Cain Velasquez Quotes"
quotes_len = "93"
description = "the best 93 Cain Velasquez Quotes"
keywords = "cain velasquez,cain velasquez quotes,cain velasquez quote,cain velasquez sayings,cain velasquez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Personally, most of my injuries were ones that I sustained during fights in the UFC, not in practice.''' ,'''In wrestling, I was always competing against bigger guys.''' ,'''I think if something's wrong with me, I just kind of work through it. That's my mentality.''' ,'''Once I started wrestling, I really got into it, and I just knew that I wanted to do that - I wanted to wrestle all the way through college.''' ,'''I wasn't thinking that I was going to go through my career undefeated. You expect to lose sometimes.''' ,'''You have to set up the right technique to get that takedown. It can't just be any shot. You have to really set it up.''' ,'''While wrestling in college as a junior, it came to a point where wrestling just wasn't enough for me anymore. I love wrestling, but I felt like I was missing something, and so the striking part about MMA, the boxing and kickboxing, was what got me really interested in MMA.''' ,'''I don't really care who I fight as long as it's the better guy.''' ,'''Coaches would have me in the gym do 1,000 kicks for a practice. I would do them until everyone was gone, until I had done all my kicks. People asked me why I would do it - that's stupid. But my coach told me to do something like that, and I knew it would benefit me, and I would do it.''' ,'''I know I can eat a lot. Normally, at home, I finish my steak, eat the rest of my fiancee's steak, and think about eating the two that are still left on the grill. I just can't stop eating.''' ,'''This whole thing is - our window to be able to fight and make money is very short. It's a short window to be able to take advantage of this and make as much money as we can and save it for the future. When you're not fighting, and the money's not coming in, you can't do that, and that's the part that sucks about this job.''' ,'''I think you learn a lot from losses.''' ,'''The name of the game is improving, and I've done that.''' ,'''My body size and everything was perfect for being a heavyweight wrestler rather than being a linebacker.''' ,'''Not being active, your name doesn't go out there as much, and you lose the popularity thing. Also, you're not able to make a living. This is what we do to make a living: we go out there and fight. Not being able to fight for a year and a half and not able to bring in money, it definitely sets you back.''' ,'''I just have to fight my style of fight, which is a lot of pressure.''' ,'''You don't want the fight to stop on a cut or something like that. You want to finish the fight. You always have the idea that you have the chance to stay in a fight, because one blow can end it all.''' ,'''I'm still in the gym every day for training, putting in the same hard work every week. That's the only way I know how to do it.''' ,'''I'm really proud of my coaches and the people I have training with me.''' ,'''Know what your strengths are, but also keep in mind what your weaknesses are; always work on your weaknesses.''' ,'''Do I think my wrestling is the best? No, I think it's up there around the top.''' ,'''I think of all my fights as title fights. I don't think about what can come up afterwards.''' ,'''For me, it's all about training and fighting. I would rather do without the attention, but I know it comes with the territory.''' ,'''Don't bad-mouth me and then try to be my friend.''' ,'''I didn't see anybody in the media or on TV that played sports that looked like me. I didn't have those things growing up. Now that I'm in that position, I'm happy to be that person if I can.''' ,'''I represent hardworking people. That's who raised me. That's who I grew up around.''' ,'''I feel great being the first Mexican heavyweight UFC champion.''' ,'''Where I grew up, we had enough to get by, and we had a lot of love. That took me a long way.''' ,'''You can't dwell on the past and be down on yourself because you lost. You have to take the positive away from it and see how you can improve yourself moving forward.''' ,'''Dos Santos just has really good movement. He's really quick with his hands. He throws good combinations, and he has a lot of power. Combining all of that, it makes it really tough for somebody to fight with him.''' ,'''For every new guy, you need to change a few things in the way you train, the way you take every fight. For every guy I train for, I prepare differently and learn new things, and I just keep them. That's why it's good to be fighting new people, because you add new things to your arsenal and keep getting better and better all the time.''' ,'''I don't think about being undefeated; I don't think about what people say in the media about me, whether it's good or bad. I just don't think of it.''' ,'''I loved football as a kid.''' ,'''I'm going to be the best fighter I can be and focus on being me.''' ,'''I just deal with what's at hand.''' ,'''I will be the first to say when I know I can't fight due to injury, as my long-term health is my number one priority.''' ,'''Heath Herring is tough as nails, and he fights hard.''' ,'''My life is calm. Once I get home from practice, I just want to spend time with my family.''' ,'''The mentality is nonstop, to work for what you want, your mind keeping your body in the best shape possible.''' ,'''I fight with a lot of heart.''' ,'''You have to work your way up the ladder just like everybody else. Nothing is given to you in this world, so you have to work hard.''' ,'''I have the Mexican blood. I'm proud to be Mexican.''' ,'''Things happen for some reason. I don't know what, but I just think about the positives, focus on getting better, and that's it.''' ,'''You just have to fight the perfect fight to win. You have to have a game plan and follow it. You have to develop every time you go out there and keep getting better.''' ,'''Both my parents came into the United States from Mexico.''' ,'''Wrestling has made me very mentally strong, conditioned me really well for MMA, and given me phenomenal balance.''' ,'''I'd like to give some attention to my family, hang out with them for a little while. They definitely deserve it.''' ,'''The Latino people in the U.S. and the Mexicans in Mexico need a UFC champion. We have a rich tradition in boxing, and to not have a Mexican heavyweight champion is unheard of. We need it. I'm glad I'm able to be in a position to give them that champion they so desperately want.''' ,'''Hard work and sacrifice can get you a long way.''' ,'''My experience here at the WWE Performance Center has been amazing. I'm just looking forward to being here and learning as much as I can the time that I'm here. I've been a fan of the sport since I was a little kid, and now I get to participate in it.''' ,'''I never go into a fight thinking, 'I have to finish this guy' - that's not a part of my game plan. I go out there and fight the way I fight.''' ,'''I would go into practice pushing the body despite any injuries. It's a good thing but a bad thing. It's good because your body is quick to adapt, but it's a bad thing because you are forcing your body, and it can't recover as well.''' ,'''If you lose, what can you do to get better and learn from it?''' ,'''I just look at what's ahead of me. I don't think about, 'For my legacy, I need to do this, this, and this.' I just focus on every fight and how to win that fight.''' ,'''For me, 240 is my target weight.''' ,'''I've always loved competing; I've always loved working out - and wrestling, of course.''' ,'''That's how fighters get better. They watch film, and they work on what they need to work on.''' ,'''I think Mark Hunt just has that knockout power, and that's pretty much it.''' ,'''Obviously, throwing leg kicks in the first round is not smart, but it's something that I can really utilize in the later rounds to both score points and look to finish the fight.''' ,'''Partnering with MetroPCS is a great opportunity for me. It's great to be partnered with a company that serves a consumer similar to the UFC and my fan base.''' ,'''When I train, I train well.''' ,'''I didn't have a hero playing in sports that looked like me.''' ,'''Boxers box to get ready to fight; wrestlers wrestle. We have so much we have to do to get ready, but fighting is one of them.''' ,'''I want everybody on Fox to see my fighting style, to really become a fan of the sport.''' ,'''I know what people expect of me - to have the fighting style of going forward and having a lot of action.''' ,'''I grew up watching my parents work in the fields. That's where I get my work ethic from, because I saw them work hard my whole life.''' ,'''Every Mexican fighter has the heart; they work hard with their training, and they never give up. That's the mentality I always had and always saw growing up.''' ,'''There's nobody better than me, especially Junior Dos Santos.''' ,'''When you train the way I do, injuries are going to happen.''' ,'''The hardest fights I've had have been in the gym, not in the cage. It keeps you motivated. One day, you'll go in and feel like you can beat anybody in the world. The next day, you kind of get humbled. That's what keeps us coming back to train more and more.''' ,'''I'm always trying to get better. There's always room for improvement.''' ,'''In training, I felt like my body would switch one way, but my leg would kind of stay in one direction. So I kind of felt like it wasn't stable.''' ,'''I take my health and the longevity of my career very seriously.''' ,'''I am listening more to my body and maintaining it.''' ,'''To say I was looking forward to fighting in Mexico for the first time is an understatement.''' ,'''When you talk about me as a fighter, I like being known as a Mexican fighter. I think 'Mexican' or 'Hispanic' should be mentioned.''' ,'''For me, to make a living off of working out is a dream for me. I don't know, I really can't be in an office and stuff like that. I want to do something that I love, and training, that's what motivates me.''' ,'''I'm not a boxer.''' ,'''When you know you are 100% and, you know, are ready to go, you just have that feeling. You know you are going to perform well.''' ,'''There is always a possibility that you could lose, because the outcome isn't written yet: you have to go out and write it. If you want it bad enough, if you do the training and prepare yourself to succeed, and do everything in your power to win, you'll have a better chance of succeeding.''' ,'''People know that if I'm 100 percent going into the fight, that there's no one out there that can touch me.''' ,'''Fighting is what I love to do.''' ,'''Fight night, I have to go out there and perform. I have to go out there and do what I've been trained to do. It has to come my way. I have to go out there and take it.''' ,'''My dad had to quit school when he was in third grade. My mom had to quit school. They didn't know what I needed, and I didn't know what I needed to keep wrestling and go to school, so that's why I had to go to community college.''' ,'''You always try to make your teammates better. You help out your teammates, and they help you out in return. As they get better and better, they can help you more and more. At least, I've always seen it that way.''' ,'''I just want to fight and not talk too much.''' ,'''Let me be clear: MMA training is tough work, and every fighter has had to enter the Octagon with aches and pains as well as exhaustion. This is the game.''' ,'''Seeing Mexicans in the media is rare. Seeing role models on TV is rare. So who do we look up to? We're not seen on football fields or basketball courts. So we look up to fighters; they're Mexican. They are out there fighting, representing their people, and winning champions. We look up to them.''' ,'''I'm not really too big of a sports fan. Everything I watch is MMA, you know, great fights. But other sports, not really too much.''' ,'''All I can tell you is I'm going to be myself. I'm not the type of person that is going to develop into some character or come up with some phrase I will always say.''' ,'''It's my heritage overall, my people. Mexicans are known for being hard-working people, showing a lot of heart. I wanted to show people I am Mexican and I'm proud of it.''' ,'''Growing, up I didn't really have anyone to look up to. There weren't a lot of Mexicans on T.V. except for those in boxing.''' ,'''MMA is so exciting. It doesn't matter if you know the rules or not. If you like a fight, it's automatically gonna draw you in.''' ,]
+++