+++
author = "Emily Compagno"
title = "Emily Compagno Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Emily Compagno Quotes"
keywords = "emily compagno,emily compagno quotes,emily compagno quote,emily compagno sayings,emily compagno saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People in the legal field are always surprised when they learn I'm a Raiderette. I don't broadcast it; I don't have my team poster in the office.''' ,'''Being a Raiderette is a part-time commitment but we call it a 'part-time full-time commitment.' It ends up almost taking more time than being an attorney.''' ,'''My great-great-uncle Joseph Lorenz was a Private 1C in the U.S. Army. He was a member of the American Expeditionary Force, Rainbow Division, and died fighting in World War I in France.''' ,'''My grandfather renounced his Italian citizenship to come to this country and many members of my family were in the military. I will honor the flag and show solidarity with the flag. What can we stand for if we are not proud of this country?''' ,'''I am an attorney.''' ,'''My education, drive, and commitment have afforded me every opportunity I have ever sought.''' ,'''If I ever lost to someone, then I respect that person that out-competed me.''' ,'''Before I could go out with friends I had to get my room 'ready for inspection,' and a good chunk of our family bonding time besides the kids' activities were definitely all the chores we did. Which I loved.''' ,'''I lived on the West Coast my entire life and I've seen first hand how the homeless crisis is spiraling out of control in cities like Seattle and Portland and Los Angeles.''' ,'''I've never had a proper banana split in my life.''' ,'''OK, look, I just - I think that - I think everyone underestimates the power of an autonomy of every individual to make their own decision.''' ,'''Each NFL team has its own policy about their own players dating their own cheerleaders. And in the Raiders there is no policy against it, though it is not encouraged. Yes, there are successful relationships between players and Raiderettes.''' ,'''I love 'Downton Abbey.'''' ,'''My definition of patriotism is that it is unconscionable for you to disrespect the flag. You can be a patriot and challenge the government without disrespecting the flag.''' ,'''We have many valorous battle stories in our family.''' ,'''My dad was a commander in the U.S. Navy with three daughters - you can imagine the tight ship that was our family household!''' ,'''I'd been wanting to audition for the Raiderettes for a while. The irony is that I didn't have time when I was in law school, but as a practicing attorney I did. I've been dancing since I was 3, so it's natural to want that part of my life, the love of performing, satisfied.''' ,'''Love is special.''' ,]
+++