+++
author = "Anne Burrell"
title = "Anne Burrell Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Anne Burrell Quotes"
keywords = "anne burrell,anne burrell quotes,anne burrell quote,anne burrell sayings,anne burrell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a girl, and I'm a cook- I just like to cook, and I don't like to worry about the distinctions. We're just supposed to make good food.''' ,'''I feel like I can teach anyone to cook a dinner.''' ,'''If you want to be a home cook, just have fun with it. Pick up a couple cookbooks. You're gonna make some mistakes; just go in and try it.''' ,'''Definitely, in any teaching situation, there are the clueless students; then there are the ones who get it a little quicker.''' ,'''The Anne you see on TV is me; I don't have an on-camera persona.''' ,'''I love the simplicity, the ingredients, the culture, the history and the seasonality of Italian cuisine. In Italy people do not travel. They cook the way grandma did, using fresh ingredients and what is available in season.''' ,'''I adore my mother, and I am probably a chef because of my mother. She was adventurous.''' ,'''Organizing ahead of time makes the work more enjoyable. Chefs cut up the onions and have the ingredients lined up ahead of time and have them ready to go. When everything is organized you can clean as you go and it makes everything so much easier and fun.''' ,'''Part of being successful is about asking questions and listening to the answers.''' ,'''My food, I think, is big. It's aggressive, it's aggressively seasoned, and it's hearty.''' ,'''I started in the restaurant business at the age of 19 as a waitress. I loved the atmosphere and the camaraderie of the restaurant business. I loved not having to go to an office. I loved making people happy.''' ,'''Not every chef is a yeller, but I have to say that even a chef who is not a yeller might have a time when that rule might get broken.''' ,'''It's a life choice to be a girl chef, as it is to be a boy chef. It feels pretty natural to me. It's a full-time, full-scale, full physical job, and a lot of times, it can take the place of kids and family. To be in this career is much more difficult for a woman to have a family, marriage - whatever that means. It's not a 9-5 job.''' ,'''Tough love is exactly what it sounds like.''' ,'''I love meeting new people.''' ,'''My mom was a great cook and also a very creative cook.''' ,'''I love hot dogs.''' ,'''I started waiting tables in college and realized how much I loved the business and loved to cook. I decided to go to culinary school and never looked back.''' ,'''I've never been anything than a blond my whole life. There was one time when I dyed the ends pink. My father said if I ever did that again, he'd shave my head and keep me home 'til it grew back.''' ,'''I love doing 'Worst Cooks' so very much.''' ,'''After two undefeated seasons of 'Worst Cooks in America,' I'm ready for a third. Going against Bobby Flay takes the challenge to another level, but I'm ready to whip these contestants into shape and the winner is sure to be from Team Burrell.''' ,'''I'm always a big fan of a big pot of chicken soup. I like to make a big pot of that, and I keep it in my freezer so when I come off the road and I just want to sit in my pajamas on my couch and catch up on the DVR and dig into a nice big bowl of chicken soup. It feeds my soul.''' ,'''Always in my house, I have almonds, hummus, Triscuits, and cheddar cheese. It takes me back to childhood. My go-to meal would probably be pasta.''' ,'''You don't go into being a chef for the money.''' ,'''At home, my food is just sort of comfort food. It's not super fancy, but it's certainly tasty.''' ,'''Taste as you go. When you taste the food throughout the cooking process you can make adjustments as you go.''' ,'''I always use my 'Holy Trinity' which is salt, olive oil and bacon. My motto is, 'bacon always makes it better.' I try to use bacon and pork products whenever it can.''' ,'''My least favorite ingredient to cook with is black pepper.''' ,'''Growing up, we always had a big garden, and it just gave me the passion and appreciation for really good food.''' ,'''If I'm having a party, the easiest and the biggest thing for me to make is a big pot of meatballs.''' ,'''The margins for restaurants to make money are very, very narrow. It's a tough business, and to be a chef is a little bit masochistic.''' ,]
+++