+++
author = "Delroy Lindo"
title = "Delroy Lindo Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Delroy Lindo Quotes"
keywords = "delroy lindo,delroy lindo quotes,delroy lindo quote,delroy lindo sayings,delroy lindo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm very proud of my roles. I enjoy the ability to touch millions of people and, in some way, connect with them in ways that I cannot connect with them in my normal, everyday life.''' ,'''Pretty much from 1979 through 1988, the backbone of my career was the theater. Working on Broadway a couple of times, working off-Broadway, and also doing a lot of regional theater. Make no mistake, I lived very frugally. I had an apartment that was real cheap. I would get two or three jobs per season, and in between I'd be on unemployment.''' ,'''When you're working in front of the camera, there are always things that occur to you after the director has said 'Cut.' I could probably, if I sat down and thought about it, come up with instances where I wished I had made this particular choice or that particular choice.''' ,'''One can never anticipate how audiences will respond. One of the lessons that I've learned over the years is to that no matter what my feeling or opinion might be about a given film, once you give it to the audience, they own it.''' ,'''I think it's a brilliant tool to have, not only to have a sense of humor, but to be able to use humor to help one navigate life, and I tend not to be that type of person. I wish I were.''' ,'''I really want to be known for my work. That sounds like such a... cliche, and I've thought about how else I can say it to make it sound less hackneyed. But that's what it comes down to... I know people are interested in these things.''' ,'''I think I've only kissed a woman on screen only once or twice before in my whole career.''' ,]
+++