+++
author = "Rex Chapman"
title = "Rex Chapman Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Rex Chapman Quotes"
keywords = "rex chapman,rex chapman quotes,rex chapman quote,rex chapman sayings,rex chapman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not going to just refrain from giving information I hear just because it might upset some people.''' ,'''I used to enjoy back-picking big guys all the time.''' ,'''I was getting so down on social media because of the political climate and everything on Twitter was so toxic that I wanted off of it.''' ,'''I have really good legs for jumping. I have terrible ankles for landing. I wasn't as good fundamentally as John Stockton or Steve Nash, so I had to play like an athlete, in the air all the time, coming down in vulnerable positions.''' ,'''A social media influencer. I'm not even sure what that means.''' ,'''I realized I'd built up walls and carried grudges for years. I had a lot of animosity, dating back to when I was growing up, toward people who told me that what I was doing datingwise was wrong.''' ,'''I am one of the lucky ones: I had the financial resources and support of family and friends that enabled to me to enter rehab three times. My last stint was in the fall of 2014, and I have now been clean for three years.''' ,'''So I'm not naturally happy all the time, all upbeat. People that know me will tell you that.''' ,'''I treat Twitter like I'm talking to my friends.''' ,'''Well, I tapped into maybe arguably the worst rule in basketball. I wish they would just take it out or amend it greatly. It's a terrible rule, block or charge. I shouldn't be able to stand there and it's a foul. Come on!''' ,'''When I was playing basketball, players weren't thinking about themselves as being a brand.''' ,'''I assume people know how to hit the unfollow.''' ,'''There are many that I will not post. I'm not trying to show a blatant death. I'm trying to show something funny that, every now and then, pushes the envelope a little bit.''' ,'''My home state of Kentucky has been especially hard hit. In 2015, more than 1,300 Kentuckians died after drug overdoses, many with opioids in their system. That's about four per day.''' ,'''Anything that can keep me distracted and from my own brain, it's good.''' ,'''I played basketball at Kentucky in 1986-87 and '87-88 and enjoyed a 12-year NBA career. After multiple injuries and seven surgeries, I developed an addiction to prescription painkillers.''' ,'''I never had to grow up. Everybody did everything for me. I was the first generation in my family to have money, and I had no idea what to do.''' ,'''Individual performance doesn't mean anything to me.''' ,'''I love the University of Kentucky. I bleed blue.''' ,'''I try not to cancel people. But at some point, we got to stand up and say, hey, right is right, wrong is wrong.''' ,'''I just think that everybody likes good things. Everybody likes dogs, everybody likes to feel good and believe the best in people.''' ,'''I'm not a journalist, never pretend to be.''' ,'''I never slept very well when I was playing. Looking back, I was always suffering with depression and mental illness-type stuff I didn't understand.''' ,'''I'm an addict. I've been one my whole life. Most of it was channeled in the right direction, whether it was playing basketball or working out. From the time I was little, my mom said I always needed to be entertained.''' ,'''I've been recognized for much of my life but I learned that when I was fatter I am less recognizable so I got fat but then it almost killed me.''' ,'''I had a good career, but I still feel like I should have done more. It wasn't through a lack of trying. I just couldn't stay healthy.''' ,'''I swim to stay healthy and try to stay as busy as I can.''' ,'''And I hate to bring this up because I'm a 47-year-old man, but I think I was always wanting my dad's approval. We knew he loved us, but he was a different generation.''' ,]
+++