+++
author = "Theresa Rebeck"
title = "Theresa Rebeck Quotes"
quotes_len = "94"
description = "the best 94 Theresa Rebeck Quotes"
keywords = "theresa rebeck,theresa rebeck quotes,theresa rebeck quote,theresa rebeck sayings,theresa rebeck saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like to write. Prolific is part of who I am.''' ,'''I think we have a cultural difficulty with looking at our problems.''' ,'''It's so funny, I'm always stealing from Moliere, and nobody ever notices. I steal from him willy-nilly.''' ,'''I think, with most writers, their neurosis is finishing things. I have a different neurosis. I'm terribly anxious when it's not finished. Then I become really difficult to live with.''' ,'''A lot of times, I think people feel that new plays are suspect, and actually, I don't know where that came from. I completely disagree with it!''' ,'''I work hard. I like getting to the end of things. And I write my plays that way.''' ,'''Everyone pays lip service to this whole idea of doing more new plays, and nobody ever does it.''' ,'''Nothing sounds as crazy as telling people you're not crazy.''' ,'''I have spent my whole life working in the theater, and most of the people I know have done the same. And we are pretty interesting people.''' ,'''When people tell me I'm a prolific writer, it's a nice thing to say. But I think to myself, 'Yeah, but I don't do anything else.'''' ,'''I do believe that there are monsters out there - and that they are monsters.''' ,'''I remember when I was at Brandeis, Geoffrey Wolff, he was a great fiction-writing teacher. He was the writer-in-residence, and for those of us who wanted to be writers, you were so excited to be in the same hallway as him.''' ,'''Does art have to have high foot traffic to get funded in a recession? A lot of people, I am sure, would say absolutely not. And those postmodern art-loving loners surely would argue that even if one person likes a piece of art, that would make a museum worthwhile.''' ,'''When I was a staff writer on 'NYPD Blue,' it was truly my job to hear David Milch's voice for that show and to deliver episodes that embodied that voice.''' ,'''In television, what you are doing is trying to fit your voice into a particular mold.''' ,'''The stage gives you more control over your own work; in television, there's a distressing amount of communal writing. Unless it's your show, you have no control over that. You're at the mercy of whoever's running the show.''' ,'''I like working with television. I do.''' ,'''I'm an impatient person.''' ,'''It's not my responsibility to write plays about the way the world should be.''' ,'''I find a lot of input from other people very stressful.''' ,'''Show business is a struggle. I certainly wish that I had just blasted on the scene and not had quite such a hard time. But there's a great sense of the relief in that you don't have to prove yourself anymore.''' ,'''I would rather work in the theater than anywhere else, and it does seem to be a place where stories can and should be told purely.''' ,'''Generally, what I try to do is always have a money gig and an art gig.''' ,'''Rarely do I try to pull a creature out of life and make it a character.''' ,'''People kept saying, 'You've made it!' and I was like, 'What have I been doing all this time?' I've always felt successful.''' ,'''In America, the average playwright makes less than a receptionist in a non-profit theatre. We don't have decent health insurance - or any health insurance at all.''' ,'''We were told that hard work and talent and character would get you somewhere. At school, we learned it was important to share. On Arbor Day, we all planted trees.''' ,'''It's sort of a mystery where ideas come from.''' ,'''I sincerely believe that for the New York theatre to remain relevant, all our major producing institutions should be presenting new American plays.''' ,'''Part of the problem with producing contemporary political theater in America today is that many theaters don't have flexibility or resources, be it hiring a lot of actors or staging a work that might be tough for some audience and board members.''' ,'''Honestly, the thing that I have found to be most useful over a long career, or maintaining a long career, is taking back the power at some point and self-producing.''' ,'''I make my life with New York stage actors, and I love them. They're the best actors on planet earth.''' ,'''It's one of the central problems of American culture: telling you if you're younger, more beautiful, more famous, whatever, that then you'll be happy.''' ,'''Moliere and Arthur Miller affected me at a very young age. In adulthood, I became overwhelmed by Chekhov. Those are my big theatrical influences.''' ,'''Theater is a public space. It is a spectacular space. It is a gathering place.''' ,'''We need theatre that is contemporary, lively and relevant, and the only way to do that is to take care of our playwrights and produce their plays.''' ,'''I am curious about a lot of things. I'm perplexed and engaged.''' ,'''Not so long ago, my feminist education taught me to ask the question, 'Is the gaze male?' The answer, apparently, is yes, which is why so many movies and television shows are about men and not women.''' ,'''I'm not ashamed of being American; I'm very proud.''' ,'''I think it goes without saying that young would-be playwrights in developmental workshops should be so lucky as to write plays as good as 'Waiting for Godot,' 'Uncle Vanya' or 'King Lear,' none of which would have existed without a decent plot.''' ,'''I have two sensational kids who I have raised with my husband, hoping and working every day to help them become healthy, happy, and decent human beings.''' ,'''I have admiration for people who can do it well - the guys who wrote 'Cheers' and 'Frasier.' They created sort of a blissful comedic universe.''' ,'''Denver's commitment to giving contemporary storytellers the stage is crucial to the American theater. That's something embraced by 'Smash.' We should be telling our own stories.''' ,'''Obviously, a theatrical masterpiece needs more than a plot; many television shows are nothing but plot, and it is doubtful that they will stand the test of time. But I also don't think that making fun of plot or acting like we're all somehow 'above' structure is such a good idea.''' ,'''I actuall have to defend realism in theatre because I think TV does it badly - so corrupted by layers of bureaucrats who want to leave examination or psychology.''' ,'''The ridiculous way that workplace politics are conducted completely gets in the way of excellence in America.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel that my job on earth is to put Julie White through horrible things, watch her writhe and then recover.''' ,'''So in case there was any doubt, I am here to report that having a play on Broadway does not suck.''' ,'''I have huge admiration for Jesus Christ and for his incredible compassion for all people.''' ,'''The myth that theater isn't for everybody is total nonsense. In the 18th and 19th centuries, everybody in America used to go to the theater all the time. The shows they went to see were big, crazy melodramas that had careening storylines and houses burning down and pretty girls in danger and comedy and death and destruction.''' ,'''I think it's straight men who are oblivious to goodness or badness to dates. That's probably unfair. Maybe they just don't complain as much.''' ,'''That stupid postmodern emphasis on image over content has slammed us right into a dramaturgy that willfully leaves the audience behind and then resents the fact that they don't 'get it.'''' ,'''Spielberg read the 'Understudy' and decided that was the voice he wanted to write 'Smash.' He wanted a story that had humanity and humor and high-stakes dreams.''' ,'''When I go to Ohio to visit relatives on holidays, I am often astonished by the level of casual dismissal offered up by way of discussion.''' ,'''Some people think big audiences are crass and that, say, a comedy that appeals to a wide audience is pandering. Other people would argue that you could say that about Moliere.''' ,'''Why is being a female having an agenda any more than being a misogynist - which David Mamet most certainly is?''' ,'''There's a thing that happens to Midwesterners - we spend a lot of time talking about having a different set of rules about manners. I don't know about ethics, but certainly about manners, what you would say and what you wouldn't say. And that is not very East coast.''' ,'''I think that because television is shot on a really fast schedule, and it gets piped into your home on a smaller screen, it's much more about character and dialogue in a lot of cases than the movies are.''' ,'''My son is a musician who next year will be attending the LaGuardia High School of Performing Arts in New York City, which his mother helped him get into by making him practice all the time.''' ,'''You have to respect who the character is. It has its own internal truth, and you can't betray that. And if you don't betray that, it will not betray you.''' ,'''I often find it maddening to live in America, in a way that is both amusing and horrifying to me. America clings to versions of itself that are absolutely hypocritical. I can't shake my outrage at it, so I write about it.''' ,'''Art is great. At its best, it engages the intellect and challenges the spirit; it connects us across history and reminds us of our humanity.''' ,'''Why on earth is the 'New Yorker' publishing puff pieces about pretty girls who go to parties? Does the 'New Yorker' ever run photos of cute boys just because they're cute and they come from money and they go to lots of parties?''' ,'''I'm actually interested in poor behavior. I'm interested in what drives people to poor behavior.''' ,'''Heath Ledger's recent death, like that of River Phoenix, was handled with great care by the press. Anna Nicole Smith's not so much.''' ,'''Theater can be elusive and poetic, but it doesn't thrive when it doesn't reach an audience.''' ,'''I write a lot because, if I don't, I start to panic, and I calm down when I write.''' ,'''Watching people toss all caution to the wind, who are ready to put their lives on the line for a dream, is something that is accessible.''' ,'''Why is it so hard for men to identify with women as fellow travelers on this good Earth?''' ,'''I think new plays are vastly more surprising and challenging and inspiring; I hear from audiences all the time that they are delighted when they see plays about the world we live in now, at this moment.''' ,'''Is the American theatre allowing itself to become irrelevant? The problem isn't that playwrights aren't being paid enough. It's that theatres all over America are looking towards New York to tell them what new plays to do.''' ,'''There are so many people from many different classes and ways of life who converge in one space to make a musical.''' ,'''The economics of theater are painful. I still think that the theater community should be looking much more rigorously at how to let the playwright keep the money they make.''' ,'''The audience just doesn't care. They are just as interested in women-centric stories as they are in stories about men.''' ,'''I let action rise out of character, really.''' ,'''I had such a good experience doing 'The Understudy' with the Roundabout, and people were really enthusiastic about the work.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of just cranking it out and seeing what comes out of my subconscious. Because I don't always know what I'm feeling. I do a lot of rewriting later. But that first blast feels like a spigot - like it's coming from somewhere else.''' ,'''I have always worked consistently, even in small ways and even in smaller theaters where I'll do One Acts or something.''' ,'''We have this powerful ideological basis to the country that I don't think any other country in the world quite can brag about. It's a very complicated nation, and it's very fertile.''' ,'''Our distorted media culture sees men as subjects and women as objects; in films, Woody Allen gets older and older and still dates 20-year-old babes; movies about women are called 'chick flicks,' and men make fun of them.''' ,'''Some of my family goes back a long way in Denver.''' ,'''I was born and raised in the Midwest, where people were taught that decency and integrity and community were all important values. We were democrats with a little 'd.'''' ,'''One thing I won't do in television is a sitcom. I find that world to be so neurotic and bizarre.''' ,'''Because I'm an American woman, and I write straight plays, it's always been sort of assumed I would never be done on Broadway. But that was never the goal.''' ,'''The movies are all about visual, and television is all about character and dialogue.''' ,'''I go to museums. I buy art, even. You should see my house; we don't have any wall space left.''' ,'''I seem to be constantly confronted by theater professionals who are more or less annoyed by the prospect of structure.''' ,'''There are times when I wonder how I ever thought that I could dramatize the death of a national discussion as a family comedy.''' ,'''I have a dog whose name is Banquo.''' ,'''New York was the Promised Land growing up. Writers were gods! The great gods of American culture... I thought.''' ,'''I actually think we should be trying to be rigorous in our thinking about television and the way it enters our lives and shapes the way so many people think.''' ,'''In the theater, there's an emphasis on the singular voice. You know, it's your play. And in television, there's so much institutional involvement. So you end up having to negotiate with a lot of people, and that provides a kind of wear and tear on the spirit.''' ,'''I see how the Midwest distrusts the East Coast. The Midwest sees itself as morally superior. The Coast sees itself as intellectually superior. And the two are actually the same thing.''' ,'''I have tremendous affection for New York and my life, but I'm a satirist at heart. And it's easy to satirize New York.''' ,]
+++