+++
author = "Anthony Rendon"
title = "Anthony Rendon Quotes"
quotes_len = "92"
description = "the best 92 Anthony Rendon Quotes"
keywords = "anthony rendon,anthony rendon quotes,anthony rendon quote,anthony rendon sayings,anthony rendon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We're out here playing a game and I'm not one to take it like super, super serious.''' ,'''I have my faith in God. I was told to be humble before him. Don't boast about what you have done. Don't put credit in your own hands. You have to realize He got you there.''' ,'''I just happen to know how to hit a baseball and throw a baseball. But I probably couldn't go into somebody else's job and be as good as they are but no one's praising them about it.''' ,'''That's the hardest part, getting out of my comfort zone and doing more in the public, for the kids or for the team. That's not the type of person I am. I'm trying to mature and work on that.''' ,'''If I see someone that is awesome or is an amazing player, I'm going to say he's an amazing player. If he looks like he sucks, I'm going to say, 'Hey that guy sucks!'''' ,'''Of course, there are times you are excited and happy about whether you have a good game or not. But I don't want to be that person that boasts about himself day in and day out.''' ,'''My parents are people who like to stay to themselves. They're quiet. They raised me not to be boastful about anything we do.''' ,'''Seeing how the kids react to you is pretty awesome. Not necessarily that they're star struck, but they're shy. They're kids. They don't know how to act to a new person.''' ,'''We can't worry about the future, just try to be the best person we can today.''' ,'''I love being on the field. I love competing. But I'm not a fan of everything that comes with it.''' ,'''If it was up to us every single day, then we would all have a perfect life, but stuff happens, but it's an imperfect world.''' ,'''I have a good understanding that baseball is not the most important thing in the world, but at the same time you want to get a hit.''' ,'''They always say baseball is 90 percent mental, 10 percent physical, whatever that saying is. I don't even think I know it. But this game is already a game of failure. Going into it not feeling good, battling whatever injuries, tests you even more.''' ,'''I'm not a fan of everyone treating you different because you play a sport.''' ,'''I just like playing the game. I don't like all the extra stuff that comes with it.''' ,'''It's easier to go outside and play basketball. You can shoot around by yourself. Play pick-up. Whereas with baseball, no one likes putting a ball on a tee, hitting it, chasing it and putting it back on a tee. You need more than a few guys. So I was always in the neighborhood playing basketball with my friends.''' ,'''I dropped out of school.''' ,'''I'm not a fan of people coming in the clubhouse.''' ,'''I just try to stay cool, calm and collected.''' ,'''Baseball is what I always wanted to do with my life.''' ,'''I think it's like any other job. If you want an extension as a reporter or a media guy or whatever you want to do, I think you are going to open up your ears to talking about a raise or whatever it might be. I'm in the same position.''' ,'''You're not going to win a division, you're not going to win personal stats, titles, whatever, in the first month of the season.''' ,'''I'm a great listener.''' ,'''I'm pretty confident, I'm a confident person - at least I try to be.''' ,'''A lot of people go up there and think about what they're going to do - I just hit. I relax and don't think about anything. I just want to hit the ball as hard and as far as I can.''' ,'''You play 162 days, and you play every day, or you try to play every day, and it's going to take a toll on your body. But that's what we're out here for. We're out here to play.''' ,'''Sometimes offense wins. Sometimes pitching wins.''' ,'''I didn't like the attention and that's what's awesome about Rice. I would go to class, walk around campus and do my thing. No one even noticed who I was.''' ,'''I love the game of baseball. Like I love playing, I'm just not good at - I don't enjoy the media part of it. I don't enjoy all the different aspects that come with it, like the business side of it.''' ,'''If this game is taken away from me at any time, I'd be fine going back to the house and living a happy life. If that happens, it happens.''' ,'''It's not easy to make the playoffs, and I think a lot of people overlook that. They think it's a piece of cake, but it's definitely not.''' ,'''I didn't grow up in the worst neighborhood. It wasn't the best either.''' ,'''I'm trying to see, in high school or college, I've never been like, 'Rah! Rah!' kind of guy. It's always been just, 'All right.'''' ,'''I've always been calm, as long as I can remember.''' ,'''That's what a lot of people say, especially in college, it looked like I'm lackadaisical out there, like I'm not really paying attention. If I'm always tense, I'm going to be overthinking the game. I try to just go with the flow.''' ,'''Point-blank, I don't want to raise a family in baseball. Maybe I just want to be normal.''' ,'''Everyone goes through those stretches. Everyone you talk to in this game, old coaches, old teammates, old players, whatnot, they all have those, 'Oh, I was 0-for-25, I was 0-for-30 one time.' I just try to not to get it that far, get it to that point and take it one at-bat as a time.''' ,'''I just want to be in the lineup. If I'm on that lineup card I'm happy.''' ,'''Whether it's a speeding ticket or whatever it might be, some of us are trying to get an edge some way or another in life.''' ,'''Everyone always says don't take your defense into hitting and don't take your hitting into defense. If you feel comfortable at one of the other, I think the other is going to feed off the other.''' ,'''I've always been open. My whole life. Sometimes I'll get more closed, I'll get even. It's more just comfortability for me. That's where I feel comfortable, then I was always told it doesn't matter where you stand as long as you get in a position to get ready to hit the ball.''' ,'''Growing up, you think about playing in the big leagues one day. But to this scale, and winning a World Series in your hometown, I don't think you could have planned that.''' ,'''We have our great days and our bad days. No matter what bad day I go through or strike out four times in a row, I still want to have that great attitude and go after the game and go talk to the kids and not worry about the game and let them know that this is what matters.''' ,'''If we can, like, be in the backyard playing baseball, I'd be the happiest kid in the world.''' ,'''There's more in this world than just baseball.''' ,'''I care about my future, of course, but whatever happens, happens.''' ,'''The word tells us that trials will come ahead and we'll be ridiculed more for our faith. So if you're going to go in as a believer thinking that everything is going to be smooth, you're probably not in the right mind-set. It's going to be tough at times, and has been for me personally.''' ,'''You just can't label one player as an MVP. There are nine guys on the field.''' ,'''If you don't live up to somebody's standards, you get hammered.''' ,'''I don't watch baseball - it's too long and boring.''' ,'''It's definitely tough seeing your city be devastated. People always give it the most attention when it's actually happening, but then they're not around for all of the relief and all of the rebuilding.''' ,'''Well, this game is not easy. There are 29 other teams, and less than 1% of the world is playing at the highest level, all supposed to be here.''' ,'''I probably tweet one or two things a year. Some guys use it for publicity... I'm not going to put myself out there.''' ,'''I just try to make the pitcher work.''' ,'''I always feel happy for my teammates, but I'm not going to be the one at the top of the dugout yelling.''' ,'''As a human, yeah, it's awesome. You grow up and you are in Little League, and you want to make the all-star team; you go to college, and you want to make the all-star team. So any normal person would want to do it on the biggest stage and highest level. And I'm a normal person. I haven't changed there.''' ,'''I play baseball. I don't deal with trades, free agency, any of that stuff.''' ,'''I think when people think about California, they think about straight Hollywood, that Hollywood glamour, whole bunch of flashes, so much paparazzi.''' ,'''As long as I have the respect of my peers - the people I play against and my teammates - that's all I need.''' ,'''You're just trying to work on things in Spring Training, try to put the barrel on the ball and not peak too early.''' ,'''I'm a firm believer in Jesus, that he died for our sins. That's something I want to stand for. I want to share that to the world. That's what we're called to do.''' ,'''Obviously, I want to win, but at the same time, at the end of the day, it's a game and that's what I'm going to treat it as.''' ,'''I'm competitive and I don't want to get out, but it's not the end of the world.''' ,'''I don't like seeking all the attention. When you start doing stuff like that, it gets into your head, you are not being yourself.''' ,'''Greatness comes to those who wait.''' ,'''I think my injuries only make me stronger as a person.''' ,'''There's kids out there that like me, so why aren't I taking the time to give back to them? If they adore me or they look up to me, just to whatever extent, I've got to show them that I care about them as well.''' ,'''Obviously, with my faith, too, I don't want to seem like it's all about me, me, me. It takes away from what I do for Him, for the Lord.''' ,'''I hang around a core group of people, a small group of people. They've been around me for a long time. They know my personality. They know me in and out, same as my family.''' ,'''I've been blessed with great hand-eye coordination.''' ,'''Stay inside the ball, put the barrel on it, and swing hard.''' ,'''I'm going to play as long as I can, but my identity is not in this game.''' ,'''I've tried to plan for my future in the past and it doesn't always work out the way I want it to, so leave it all up to the man upstairs.''' ,'''I do not want to be the center of attention. I think it's just the way I was raised; the way my parents were.''' ,'''I think a lot of people look at athletes in general and think they have everything figured out. They made it to the big leagues... We're battling and going through the same stuff everyone else is going through, but just in a different way. Maybe it can be comforting knowing that we have to battle through some of the same stuff.''' ,'''Sure, I'd love to be an all-star - without going. If that's possible.''' ,'''You know you're going to have 162 games. You're going to have six months to play this game and playing every day is going to be a grind.''' ,'''Yeah, if I see a ball in the zone then I'll try to put a good swing on it.''' ,'''How am I different than anyone else? I'm a human being, and I have my faults, too.''' ,'''That's part of the game. People go through slumps.''' ,'''It was hard because every kid from high school wants a chance to make the jump to the minors to see what they can do. But in the end, it wasn't difficult for me because I wanted to come to Rice. I could learn a lot more by coming here.''' ,'''People treat us and they put us on this pedestal like we're so much better human beings than them because we play a professional sport.''' ,'''I really just think that we've got to have a positive influence on kids in general. And really understanding people are going to look up to me, so why aren't I doing something to be positive about it?''' ,'''Maybe I'm in the wrong sport. I should go to Australia and play fast-pitch softball.''' ,'''This game doesn't define who I am as a person.''' ,'''You never stop learning from this game. That's the crazy thing.''' ,'''I'm just here to play baseball. I'm not going to be on social media or doing any commercials. I'm just here to do my job.''' ,'''I want to be known as a Christian baseball player and I'm still trying to grow into that. But in the end, I want to be more Christian than baseball player.''' ,'''I try to think shorter swing with two strikes. That's how I was raised and taught the game of baseball.''' ,'''I always want to play, and I always want to hold a ball or glove or bat.''' ,'''You want to have the best life for your family.''' ,'''Sometimes you're not the healthiest, sometimes you're not gonna have the best years, sometimes you're gonna be great.''' ,]
+++