+++
author = "Grey Delisle"
title = "Grey Delisle Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Grey Delisle Quotes"
keywords = "grey delisle,grey delisle quotes,grey delisle quote,grey delisle sayings,grey delisle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was always talking in weird voices from the time I was two. I guess I just found a way to keep doing it! I did get a degree in theater and took some voice-over classes... but most of it is just the same stuff I was doing as a kid!''' ,'''Somehow, it seems that the sadder a song is, the happier I feel. The release of emotions that many would label as 'negative' is actually a liberating process for me.''' ,'''I feel like my music is just an extension of my acting. I treat the songs like scenes that tell a story... it's very similar. My favorite thing is when cartoon fans show up to my live gigs! They are always the most kick-butt audience members 'cause they're not trying to act all cool like a lot of the music fans do! It's refreshing!!''' ,'''I hardly ever watch my own work. I just end up picking myself apart! I can't even stand to hear myself on voicemail. the sound of my own voice is like nails on a chalkboard. The same goes for my records.''' ,'''My favorite thing is when cartoon fans show up to my live gigs! They are always the most kick-butt audience members 'cause they're not trying to act all cool like a lot of the music fans do!''' ,'''I did get a degree in theater and took some voice-over classes.''' ,'''Many thanks for all of the love and good wishes sent our way from my friends out there in cartoon land... the only place where a nine month pregnant woman can still play a hot goth chick in a belly shirt!''' ,]
+++