+++
author = "Kenneth Copeland"
title = "Kenneth Copeland Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Kenneth Copeland Quotes"
keywords = "kenneth copeland,kenneth copeland quotes,kenneth copeland quote,kenneth copeland sayings,kenneth copeland saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God. Fear comes by hearing and a hearing by the word of the devil. The lies of Satan.''' ,'''Proverbs 31 is God's definition of Evelyn Roberts.''' ,'''It takes a lot of money to do what we do. We have brought over 122 million people to the Lord Jesus Christ.''' ,'''We're in soul business here.''' ,'''All anxiety is fear-based.''' ,'''If you go into the old covenant, do you think that the Jewish people believe that you should be broke? They believe in wealth.''' ,'''Bad things happen for multiple reasons, and only the Holy Spirit can reveal the source of trouble in any particular situation.''' ,'''My wealth doesn't come from offerings alone.''' ,'''Satan has an agenda.''' ,'''When we say, 'We're here for you,' we mean it to this point - everything we do, everything we preach, every broadcast we come on, everywhere we minister, everything we say and do is prayed, engineered, designed to minister to the people.''' ,'''Fear will make you stingy.''' ,'''Don't be guilty of ignoring symptoms of rebellion when your children are small. Don't simply excuse it as a stage they are going through and think that they will grow out of it. If you ignore it when they are small, you won't be able to handle it when they get older and the rebellion has had time to develop into a strong force.''' ,'''You are not created for poverty.''' ,'''COVID-19! I blow the wind of God on you! You are destroyed forever.''' ,'''It's time for the fathers to get involved in the spiritual activities of their families. For too long, the women have carried more than their share of family responsibility.''' ,'''I'm a very wealthy man.''' ,'''If I flew commercial, I'd have to stop 65% of what I'm doing.''' ,'''This disease, called COVID 19, will be over much sooner than you think. Christian people all over this country, praying, have overwhelmed it.''' ,'''I have a lot of natural gas on my properties.''' ,'''All worry is fear-based.''' ,'''I love people. Jesus loves people.''' ,'''It thrills me to get the chance to have my face on 'Inside Edition.'''' ,'''All depression is fear-based.''' ,'''All things are possible with God.''' ,'''We took authority in the spirit world and refused to give Satan any room to operate. This is our responsibility as Christian parents.''' ,'''Our lives are totally wrapped up in ministering to the people.''' ,'''God called us to take His message of love and faith to the whole world.''' ,'''Husbands and fathers, get on your knees before God and accept your place as head of your household. You are the prophet from God to your family. This is not a lightweight thing; it takes a commitment on your part to fulfill your responsibilities. Get yourself straight before God, then see to your children.''' ,'''The Bible is full of wealth, miracles, goodness and badness.''' ,'''Abraham was extremely wealthy and he had a covenant with God. It's not the Jewish blessing, it's the Abrahamic blessing. I get excited talking about it 'cause I love it and I started out deep in debt with nothing. I had to learn this from the Bible and from my spiritual mentor Oral Roberts.''' ,'''We got a dying world around us.''' ,'''A child does not understand the spiritual forces coming against him, so it is up to the parents to fight the spiritual battles and keep Satan out of the child's life.''' ,'''Like most parents, Gloria and I had to deal with the problems of rebellion in our children. We realized that it had to be stopped quickly before it developed into a serious situation.''' ,]
+++