+++
author = "Leo Sayer"
title = "Leo Sayer Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Leo Sayer Quotes"
keywords = "leo sayer,leo sayer quotes,leo sayer quote,leo sayer sayings,leo sayer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In the early Nineties, after my first round of financial problems, I started a studio in Kensal Road in London right at the time when no record company wanted to hear anything from Leo Sayer.''' ,'''I was never really keen to drive. I was always chauffeured around.''' ,'''When you've sung the same song a million or a hundred thousand times, there are always moments when you drift off and go into automatic.''' ,'''A bit of arrogance is nice every now and then.''' ,'''My hair is massive and fills the mirror.''' ,'''I spent some time with Bob Marley and I have to say that was like walking with a god on earth.''' ,'''So many people moan about touring and say it's a chore. I don't know, they must be living on a different planet.''' ,'''I would say that artists have to be good lovers.''' ,'''Everybody writes about love and cheating and heartbreak. We've done all that.''' ,'''I'm writing a novel about a scallywag who is a bit like me.''' ,'''All I've ever wanted to do is master my craft. I'm a singer, and I want to be a great singer.''' ,'''I think I topped 'When I Need You' with 'More Than I Can Say.'''' ,'''You don't necessarily have to write a song to make it your own. After all, Elvis never wrote a song in his life.''' ,'''Many performers try to sustain a high point in their careers by keeping themselves around those who are overanxious to tell them how good they are.''' ,'''Blissfully, I don't have the revenge gene.''' ,'''I am the kind of person who does want very badly to be liked. I'm a right-miserable little show off.''' ,'''There's nothing better than curling up with a good book and sitting in front of the fire on winter evenings.''' ,'''People with learning difficulties are often creative in different ways.''' ,'''In the '70s, Leo-mania was the equivalent of Beatle-mania down there and they still love me. In Australia they still want heroes.''' ,'''I tend not to eat lunch because a midday meal makes me want to sleep in the afternoon.''' ,'''I come from a time when music used to make a difference.''' ,'''I have always believed that there is no age factor to this music business. You are only as old as you feel and basically you can be a contender at any time.''' ,'''I never had kids, but I married once.''' ,'''My dad died with a full head of hair, so I have that legacy.''' ,'''I occasionally suffer from eczema but only very mildly.''' ,'''I remember showing Prince around Warners' recording studios. He was the nicest kid.''' ,'''It's nice to feel wanted somewhere.''' ,'''I was a big-headed little guy.''' ,'''I keep reminding myself I'm the same guy who was lucky enough to get my break because Roger Daltrey commissioned me to write the songs for one of his earlier albums.''' ,'''I damaged my legs and ankles many years ago when doing concerts and falling off stage.''' ,'''I felt quite an affinity with 'Rocky' in my career. It's been like 'fight the business' all the way up.''' ,'''There were people who went for serious mind enhancement, like Jimi Hendrix or John Lennon, although I didn't really need to do that. I was blessed with an incredibly fertile imagination.''' ,'''I stand a lot better chance to go further than Elton.''' ,'''I think Bjork is sexy.''' ,'''Australians never give up. That's why I love this place. I never give up.''' ,'''It's been hard to gain acceptance in England without the clown makeup because I wore the costume as part of my act for so long.''' ,'''I had to learn very quickly how to perform, how to act, how to look, to always say what I wanted to say in my songs.''' ,'''Dancing as a thing to do is marvellous, but you've got to be bloody good at it. I was never good enough.''' ,'''I have had a partial kneecap replacement, an irritable bowel and three stents in my heart.''' ,'''I'm quite intellectual. I read a lot and I'm very politically aware.''' ,'''Do you know what, I don't even like dancing.''' ,'''I'm a very changeable character. I don't think I've got one style of music that is overriding to me.''' ,'''In the past, it wasn't any big deal for people with talent to hang out together. Now we have the celebrity age, which has made a lot of things harder to do.''' ,'''Wisdom is learned through experience, and sometimes experience is hard and bitter.''' ,'''I've found an extraordinary thing happens where I flash an entire finished song. I could be walking along, say over that bridge, and I see and hear the whole thing, words and music.''' ,'''I'm impressed with Ed Sheeran. I think he has a terrific point of view and a great mentality but I sense there is someone in the background saying to him, 'We need more love songs, Ed.'''' ,'''I very much enjoy writing about positive, direct emotions.''' ,'''I am a big fan of Korean food.''' ,'''It happens in this business - The Rolling Stones were ripped off, so were the Beatles. George Harrison hardly had anything left in the end.''' ,'''When I was dressed as a clown in all that make-up I used to shed pounds every night and got agonising kidney stones because I was sweating so much.''' ,'''You won't find me at parties or the openings of movies and I don't hang around with David Beckham and Kanye West. So the paparazzi leave me alone, which means that I can do my shows, write music and then live a normal life.''' ,'''I particularly love the silk in Jakarta, the shoes in Tokyo and the amazing cloth from Thailand and Malaysia.''' ,'''Kids in England will stop you on the streets and tell you bluntly they don't care for your current record. But it keeps you down to earth.''' ,'''I'm sure there are plenty of people out there who don't like Robbie Williams but he is presented to the public in such a way that they have no choice.''' ,'''I don't believe in muckin' about and hiding ambition.''' ,'''I like my face. It's cheeky - dare I say, Chaplinesque.''' ,'''You can't get away from the right-wing politics but that's the same all over the world.''' ,'''I have so many happy memories of Belfast and the shows I played there.''' ,'''I hate art as a be-all and an end-all.''' ,'''I've always loved what I do and I've always done what I wanted to do... in this business you have got to be yourself.''' ,'''I'm sure I could have been a rich man, but I never was.''' ,'''My first two albums, 'Silverbird and 'Just a Boy,' which had the single 'Long Tall Glasses' on it, were very well received. Then I did another one, 'Another Year,' which did miserably.''' ,'''I've always been a tilter of lances against authority.''' ,'''I get frustrated but never depressed.''' ,'''Marriage can feel like putting a burden on each other and sometimes kids go with that, too.''' ,'''What keeps a good face is no stress, and I refuse to worry.''' ,'''I'd much rather send my friends letters rather than emails.''' ,'''I have always preferred paper and ink to a computer screen and I still write most of my lyrics by hand.''' ,'''I really admire Ed Sheeran. He seems to have really beaten his way through and I think that's fantastic. He's his own man - good for him. But there aren't many of him out there.''' ,'''That's the nature of the business. You can have a hit and then nothing happens all of a sudden. But I don't resent it. Hits don't make great artists.''' ,'''One of the reasons I had moved to London to pursue my career was that I could go to the clubs in the evening and maybe meet my heroes, people like Donovan and Bert Jansch and Dylan. I actually did see Dylan in a club one night.''' ,'''I believe in not sitting down and taking it easy.''' ,'''There are a million misconceptions about me but the greatest is probably that people think I'm the king of disco. I love disco but it is only one part of me.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel like Leonard Cohen when he went off to become a Buddhist.''' ,'''I must have 300 songs unreleased or unrecorded, lying around. I'm a production machine, it never stops.''' ,'''I've typical singer's jowls, a bit fat and soggy. If I was really vain, I would have a nip and tuck, but the knife isn't an exciting prospect.''' ,'''Because I don't go to showbiz parties, I don't have the right image. The media decides who's in and who's out.''' ,'''The Seventies was a golden era. Back then we had some incredible talent with bands like the Undertones, the Rolling Stones and artists like Bob Dylan and Paul McCartney.''' ,'''I am a troubadour, a wandering minstrel.''' ,'''I think the worst thing in the world is for artists to produce themselves.''' ,'''I would love the record industry to be more receptive to my music but all they are interested in is style over content.''' ,'''I grew up on the south coast in Shoreham-by-Sea in a three-bedroom semi-detached home with a large garden shared by two properties.''' ,'''A good microphone is an essential thing for a singer.''' ,'''As a former Mod my love affair with fashion has never waned and whenever I go on tour I am always desperate to hit the shops as soon as possible.''' ,'''I would love to be an Aussie citizen.''' ,'''Korean audiences are amazing, they really love the music.''' ,'''In my earlier albums like 'Another Year' and 'Just A Boy,' I always saw myself as a bit of a loser - the kind of guy who takes a drink and walks into a wall instead of through the door.''' ,'''Being very dyslexic I couldn't even tie my own shoe laces until the age of 21 and I struggled at school.''' ,'''I'm not this cuddly, jumper-wearing, good-guy. I'm not David Cassidy. I'm more Johnny Rotten. I'm more Donny Tourette.''' ,'''We used to spend a lot of time as kids in Northern Ireland, on the border and in southern Ireland as well.''' ,'''Before I got married, I had a girlfriend who ran off in the middle of our relationship with a millionaire. She called from the South of France and said, 'I found one, I'm sorry. That's it. Goodbye!'''' ,'''My mum came from an incredibly big family.''' ,'''I'm not into 'The Voice.' It's an affair between a television network and a record company.''' ,'''Fame is always a bit crazy. You spend so long banging on the door trying to get in that when it suddenly opens, it's a very strange feeling.''' ,'''I write from the voice in my head.''' ,'''Where are the John Lennons, the Bob Marleys, the Bob Dylans? Where have they gone?''' ,'''I don't think I ever really sold out, and that made a difference.''' ,'''After my second No. 1, my record company, Warner Brothers, gave me a beautiful present - quite unique at the time - one of the very first Sony stereos which had speaker and radio included so I could record the radio and build up cassette tapes of music, gospel singing, adverts, evangelists.''' ,'''The past is the past: what can you do about it?''' ,'''I'm not a golfing man.''' ,]
+++