+++
author = "Paul Nehlen"
title = "Paul Nehlen Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Paul Nehlen Quotes"
keywords = "paul nehlen,paul nehlen quotes,paul nehlen quote,paul nehlen sayings,paul nehlen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We are absolutely going to make sure Paul Ryan is being held accountable to the people.''' ,'''I took on the leader of the globalist agenda, the leader of the Republican Party, the Koch brothers.''' ,'''Islam is not a religion. It's a political system. It has a different set of rules.''' ,'''Donald Trump has courageously taken on the entrenched special interests who sought to suppress the working people of this country and who have sought to deny them a livable wage.''' ,'''We need trade for good jobs in Wisconsin.''' ,'''We need an immigration policy that works for America First.''' ,'''We do not need an immigration policy that displaces American workers or American students and drives up costs in education.''' ,'''Can you name the last time Paul Ryan worked as hard for Wisconsin workers as he has for corporate America? I can't. I can't think of one time.''' ,'''The jobs aren't going away. They're bringing in people to replace Americans in those jobs. And this Trans-Pacific Trade Partnership, it makes it worse.''' ,'''I'm so grateful to Ms. Palin and all the people who've endorsed me.''' ,'''Mr. Trump is unifying the party, and I applaud him for that.''' ,'''If the Muslim is Sharia-compliant, that is in direct conflict with the U.S. Constitution.''' ,'''I'm calling out the enemy. He is Speaker Paul Ryan.''' ,'''If you're a representative, you listen to your constituents, and then you go vote their conscience. You don't go vote your special interest buddies' interest and then come back and justify it.''' ,'''My message hasn't changed from day one.''' ,'''Paul Ryan was grown in a petri dish in D.C. He is absolutely an open borders guy, through and through.''' ,'''Even Democrats were donating to me.''' ,'''We could secure the border in 72 hours. We could. We just don't have the political will in Washington.''' ,'''Paul Ryan has been part of the Never-Trump group.''' ,'''Immigration and border security are two separate issues, but Paul Ryan has taken the wrong side on both of those, in fact.''' ,'''Here's the thing you got to remember: I don't believe that the breakpoint is terrorism. I believe... the breakpoint is Sharia.''' ,'''I'm a businessman. I build things, create jobs - jobs that allow people to pay their mortgage, put food on the table, put their kids through college.''' ,'''Paul Ryan says he's for smaller government, and he's funded every big government idea that there is.''' ,'''We have got to secure the border and enforce existing immigration laws.''' ,'''The question is, why do we have Muslims in the country?''' ,'''I've closed factories in Mexico and brought those jobs back to the United States. I've closed factories in Canada and brought those jobs back to the United States.''' ,'''As recently as 2014, I was a Paul Ryan supporter. I pounded signs and made phone calls on his behalf. I bought his book and gave it out to friends.''' ,'''I'm supporting Donald Trump because Donald Trump is against this trade deal, this Trans Pacific Partnership, this job-killing trade deal that is going to bring cheap labor into this country.''' ,'''Paul Ryan is the mercenary champion of Hillary Clinton's - this is Hillary Clinton's. This came out of the State Department. This Trans Pacific Partnership is going to export our jobs. It's going to import foreign workers to replace Americans and our jobs.''' ,'''Paul Ryan's in for Paul Ryan.''' ,'''Paul Ryan whipped the votes to get fast track Trade Promotion Authority to sell our jobs to foreign countries. He absolutely worked on that. Paul Ryan owns it. He can't say he doesn't agree with it, because when he did that, that contract was already written. It was already set up - that treaty was already set up.''' ,'''Paul Ryan is the establishment tool in D.C. that tries to splinter groups and does not work for the will of the people.''' ,'''If Americans want President Trump to be successful, we must retire Speaker Ryan.''' ,'''Who is going to take business advice from Paul Ryan? Who? Nobody. Nobody.''' ,'''Here's what we should be doing. We should be monitoring every mosque. We should be monitoring social media. We've got about three million Muslims in the United States.''' ,'''I run businesses all around the United States, all around the globe.''' ,'''Not only has Paul Ryan not died on any hill for a position he believes in to make government smaller, he hasn't even skinned his knee.''' ,'''If Paul Ryan is re-elected, if he's sent back to Congress, he will push for the biggest amnesty in this country's history; and immediately after his re-election, he will push Obama's jailbreak crime agenda.''' ,'''If someone is supporting Sharia, that is doing something wrong.''' ,'''Paul Ryan has shown more passion in attacking Trump than he has ever shown in defending Americans.''' ,'''TPP is a job killer.''' ,]
+++