+++
author = "Nick Vujicic"
title = "Nick Vujicic Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Nick Vujicic Quotes"
keywords = "nick vujicic,nick vujicic quotes,nick vujicic quote,nick vujicic sayings,nick vujicic saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know for certain that God does not make mistakes, but he does make miracles. I am one. You are, too.''' ,'''A nation that honors God will always be honored by God. I've seen nations that have dishonored God: God has been taken out of schools, the government, the military; and when you take Him out of a nation, how can you expect God to protect this nation?''' ,'''It's a form of bullying, in my opinion, to make sure that your kid gets the best grades, the best jobs and all that sort of stuff. I just want my child to be happy. I want him to do his best and trust God in the rest, but I'm not going to bully him.''' ,'''We will fail God, we will fail our family, and our family might fail us at times, but God never fails us.''' ,'''I really forget that I have no arms or legs sometimes.''' ,'''In life, if you don't know the truth, then you can't be free, because then you'll believe that the lies are the truth. But once we realize that when we read the Word of God, and you know the truth of who you are, then I'm not a man without arms and legs. I am a child of God.''' ,'''The biggest temptation I believe is to feel comfortable, to feel like you've worked through all of that here on Earth, and are satisfied with this life.''' ,'''When kids run up to me and ask, 'What happened?' I just lean over and whisper, 'Cigarettes.' And once I was in a car and this girl at traffic lights was giving me the eye. She could only see my head, so I decided to do a 360 in the car seat to freak her out. Her face was like, 'Whoa, what is going on?' She sped off really quickly.''' ,'''At my funeral, if one said, 'Nick was a generous person,' trust me I won't be doing cartwheels in my coffin. Recognition from people is never and never will be a goal. Some people strive for that respect or honor. Living a life to just reach for the position and status is vanity and sin.''' ,'''I believe if God doesn't give you a miracle, you are a miracle of God for somebody else's salvation.''' ,'''Bullies want to abuse you. Instead of allowing that, you can use them as your personal motivators. Power up and let the bully eat your dust.''' ,'''Money can't heal your heart. Money can't give you purpose. I don't want arms and legs, I want purpose. I don't want arms and legs, I want peace. I don't want arms and legs, I want to be a miracle for someone else.''' ,'''I type 40 words per minute on a normal computer with my left foot. And with two cups of coffee, I can do 53 words per minute.''' ,'''Do you know why I love God? Because Heaven is real. And one day, when we get to Heaven, we are going to have arms and legs. And we are going to run, and we are going play, and we are going to race.''' ,'''Often people ask how I manage to be happy despite having no arms and no legs. The quick answer is that I have a choice. I can be angry about not having limbs, or I can be thankful that I have a purpose. I chose gratitude.''' ,'''Your son and your daughter needs an excellent father more than an excellent college.''' ,'''I think 'Jesus' is the most offensive word in anyone's life. When we mention Jesus, He is the only one who says 'I am God. I am holy. I am the only way to a truthful life.' No one - not Mohammad, not Buddha, not anyone says that they were holy, not anyone says that they were God, not anyone says that they faced the devil face to face and won.''' ,'''Hope is in the name of God, the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Hope is when you compare your suffering to the infinite, immeasurable love and grace of God.''' ,'''I'm the world 'Guinness Book of Records' holder of 1,749 hugs in one hour. My arms fell off.''' ,'''In elementary school, we all say, 'If you don't have anything nice to say, then don't say anything at all.' In high school, we should say, 'If you don't have anything nice to say, shut your mouth.' So that's what I'm telling high schools all around the world.''' ,'''I found the purpose of my existence, and also the purpose of my circumstance. There's a purpose for why you're in the fire. If God can use a man without arms and legs to be His hands and feet, then He will certainly use any willing heart!''' ,'''Often times we feel like either we can't make a world of difference, or we feel that it's not going to change anything anyway. The truth is you can change someone's day, you can change someone's life, but you have to show up and do what you got to do to actually see any fruit coming from it.''' ,'''If we went by the world's definition of who I'm supposed to be because I look weird... 'Well, surely, this guy can't have a productive life, surely, he doesn't have a sense of humor. Surely, he can't love life.' We stereotype people in this world. And so... if the world thinks you're not good enough, it's a lie, you know. Get a second opinion.''' ,'''No matter who you are, no matter what you're going through, God knows it. He is with you. He is going to pull you through.''' ,'''I don't want to be someone's reason to hate their life. I want to be someone's reason to seek something more in their life.''' ,'''Hope and purpose in this world is living as best as you can and maybe having life that gives back. But simply giving back isn't purpose; it's a branch of purpose, but it is not the trunk or root of the tree.''' ,'''I challenged God. I said, 'God, I know that I'm a sinner. I know that I won't probably have peace until You're in my heart. But I will not let You in my heart until You answer me, why? Why did you take my arms and legs? Why didn't You give me what everybody else has? God, until You answer me that question, I will not serve You.'''' ,'''The greatest news that I could ever say is that Jesus is Lord and Savior of my life. He is my friend. He is with me wherever I go. I'm so delighted to continue to grow in my relationship to Jesus.''' ,'''This life is full of great experiences if we only give it a shot.''' ,'''Sometimes even on an hourly basis we need to keep praying and keep our peace in God and remind ourselves on the promises of God that never fails.''' ,'''I just hope people see that if God can do something beautiful with my broken pieces, then God truly has a plan for each and everyone of us.''' ,'''I'm officially disabled, but I'm truly enabled because of my lack of limbs. My unique challenges have opened up unique opportunities to reach so many in need.''' ,'''The pinnacle of the fulfillment I can ever experience for my spirit and soul is to hear from the Lord, when I see Him face to face, 'Well done my good and faithful servant.'''' ,'''Faith is walking by faith, not by what you feel. You are not always going to feel that Jesus loves you or that God is good, but you know He is. It is the up and down of the journey.''' ,]
+++