+++
author = "Alex Guarnaschelli"
title = "Alex Guarnaschelli Quotes"
quotes_len = "117"
description = "the best 117 Alex Guarnaschelli Quotes"
keywords = "alex guarnaschelli,alex guarnaschelli quotes,alex guarnaschelli quote,alex guarnaschelli sayings,alex guarnaschelli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know that some people use lavender, incense, and cake as sedatives, but for me, a 'nose bath' in an old book just does something.''' ,'''I grew up in a house where I was a spectator to the sport of cooking. In that way, I just learned so much about what it really takes to make food.''' ,'''Make a stir-fried rice dish with some cut-up chicken and any vegetables folded into the rice for a 'one pot' meal lunch that has it all - protein, starch and vegetables.''' ,'''Part of health is variety!''' ,'''My last meal on Earth? The obvious answer is a plate of my mother's scrambled eggs.''' ,'''If you want to have a relationship, at some point you have to let yourself get caught. That's what I did. I got caught.''' ,'''Food is ever-changing and ever moving forward and getting more and more complex.''' ,'''I didn't cook that much as a kid. My mother was cooking, and I was her helper. We made dishes together.''' ,'''We have to get out there and explain that imperfect tastes just as good.''' ,'''The better the ingredients, the more farmers I can buy from, the closer I feel to the food I want to make that represents what I care about as a chef.''' ,'''I didn't harbor a huge desire to become a chef until I graduated from college.''' ,'''Give yourself enough time to really learn how to cook.''' ,'''I love watching a single pork chop seasoned with garlic and shallots cook and see the fat bubble around it.''' ,'''I have a daughter who has taught me a lot along the way.''' ,'''I really love muscle cars. I don't think people might realize that about me. I really want to go to an auto auction and blow my life savings on a Camaro. They have such design around them, such panache.''' ,'''I woke up on May 15, 1991, the day of my Barnard graduation, and I said to myself, 'By the end of today you will decide what you want to do with the rest of your life.'''' ,'''Winter blues are cured every time with a potato gratin paired with a roast chicken.''' ,'''I learned so much from 'Iron Chef' about ingredients, about the courage to put yourself out there.''' ,'''I don't know anyone who hasn't overcooked at least one turkey, myself included. It's easy to do.''' ,'''It's amazing the relationships you forge in a kitchen. When you cooperate in an environment that's hot. Where there's a lot of knives. You're trusting your well-being with someone you've never before met or known.''' ,'''If you're making a salad of any kind, cut the herbs, stems and all, and toss them into your mixed greens salad, a Romaine salad, iceberg, Bibb - it just adds a special touch.''' ,'''People in professional kitchens may love what they do, but sometimes it's just something that puts food on the table.''' ,'''Walnuts are so rich. I also love that you can chew them for five minutes. Then I eat a couple of golden raisins as a palate cleanser because they are really tart, and then more walnuts. It's a great snack for me.''' ,'''For me no good food is illuminated without acidity.''' ,''''Iron Chef America' is so real. Imagine putting on television the whole process of making that food, the technique. It's all about technique. It doesn't even matter if you show the faces sometimes.''' ,'''I try to sit still for about 15 minutes each morning without making lists or running in overdrive.''' ,'''Ganache is a mix of chocolate and cream. Warm cream, warm chocolate, they want to get to know each other - they're happy.''' ,'''Food is so heavily connected to memory.''' ,'''Once you make a cookbook, you live with it as your own for the rest of your life, like a yearbook.''' ,'''My mom, ever the Italian, made braised chicken with tomato.''' ,'''I have to be honest and say that I never really feel like there's one person that I really want to cook for. I just want my food to always get better and always be evolving and for there to always be movement in what I make. I would say I strive for that more than anything else.''' ,'''I like food to be really simple but have a lot of technique all the same.''' ,'''Sometimes I look up a recipe for chicken and tomatoes and end up cooking pork. The inspiration gets lost in translation.''' ,'''It stuns me how effective children can be in their messaging, and I believe that every child should enjoy that basic right to become an adult. Getting rid of childhood cancers is one effective way to reach that goal.''' ,'''It's essential to make sure you have proper kitchen tools for food storage - like cling wrap, bags, and containers - because they help keep food fresher longer.''' ,'''I like Bobby Flay's attitude and his approach towards food. I think he's just passionate and very honest. I find him very honest about food and cooking and ingredients and I admire that because I think that it's easy to get away from that for various reasons.''' ,'''Stuffed cherry tomatoes are satisfying without being filling and make a great alternative to bread-based starters. You can assemble these appetizers ahead of time and refrigerate them until you're ready to serve.''' ,'''The hardest thing about being a full time chef is leaving my work behind when I go home at night. I'll toss and turn about a menu item or forget to order produce and wake up at 4 A.M. in a cold sweat over some artichokes.''' ,'''Make dinner with the goal of stretching it out for lunch in the back of your mind. Making more of one thing is cheaper than buying more varied ingredients for each meal.''' ,'''I think I will never stop having mentors.''' ,'''I think unadulterated products and smaller portion sizes mean consumption of less food overall. Portion is everything. The first time I bought a scoop of ice cream in Paris, they weighed the ice cream on a scale before putting it on the cone. It was so small, it fell into the cone as she handed it to me.''' ,'''My reasons for becoming a chef are somewhat of a cliche. I always loved to eat but it was watching my parents cook that really served as the impetus for my career choice.''' ,'''Americans will not buy irregular-looking or oddly shaped vegetables!''' ,'''Understand that nutrition plays a huge role in athletes' lives, and one of the most nutritious ways to eat is to cook your own food.''' ,'''If it's not messy and it doesn't drip over the sides, it's not a holiday hot chocolate -it's just an average hot chocolate.''' ,'''I'm interested in food and sharing my passion with a community of like-minded people. All of the celebrity stuff that comes along with that is just an incidental byproduct of being able to do what I love for a living.''' ,'''Every once in a while, I want to get up and cook.''' ,'''The hardest thing for me is restraint. I see fresh beans and ramps, and I start to quiver.''' ,'''I bent my head over a stove in my early 20s and picked it up in my 30s.''' ,'''Having students was so inspiring.''' ,'''If you want to have a relationship, at some point you have to let yourself get caught.''' ,'''Freeze herbs by stem and all - don't just freeze the leaves. It's better to keep them sturdier. Put the stems and the leaves together into a plastic bag, and just wrap it up and freeze it like that.''' ,'''The longer I look at something, the more my imagination churns and I can find somewhere to put it.''' ,'''I baked the coffee cake recipe from 'The Joy of Cooking' over and over again when I was a kid.''' ,'''I really cringe at the sight of pattypan squash. So pretty and cute and having no taste or exciting texture. Dull.''' ,'''I shop at the market, and that informs what I make.''' ,'''My most memorable meal was with my parents at Joel Robuchon's Restaurant Jamin in Paris. It was Christmas 1982, and the flavors - from cauliflower and caviar to crab and tomato - astounded me. It was the first time I remember thinking that I would like to really learn how to cook.''' ,'''I am driven by ingredients. My Italian heritage and French training inevitably poke through as well, guiding my techniques.''' ,'''I love the whole process of making, serving, and eating hearty soups like lentil, potato leek and carrot, to name a few.''' ,'''I think that cakes should have touches of candy bar in order for it really to hit all those childhood notes on the keyboard.''' ,'''A homemade hamburger can be a real treat.''' ,'''I grew up in Midtown Manhattan.''' ,'''I love it when a few simple ingredients come together on a plate, and I think, 'Wow, that's a dish.'''' ,'''I like to take a day off and enjoy fast food for what it is. I have to say that in New York, I'm really partial about taco trucks. I mean, I really can't handle it. There is something about catching all those ingredients piled on top of each other: it puts me in a tizzy. I love it. I'm kind of a taco truck junkie.''' ,'''Short ribs in the middle of a hamburger? That was pretty groundbreaking.''' ,'''If I want my daughter to try something, I eat it in front of her repeatedly without forcing the issue and, with some trial and error, the world is our oyster!''' ,'''Red wine vinegar has some personality as well acidity.''' ,'''As a chef, a mom, and a member of Team No Kid Hungry, I believe that every child deserves three meals a day, every day.''' ,'''To make fluffy scrambled eggs, the best trick is to whisk in a splash of water and nothing else. Cream, milk, and other liquids drag the eggs down!''' ,'''I like all of McClure's pickles, but my personal favorites are the spicy ones.''' ,'''I exercise at a great gym and do dance classes mixed with some calisthenics. I really enjoy that because it reminds me of '80s aerobics. It's fun! I also bike ride, or sometimes I swim. Because I stand a lot, I don't really like to walk long distances. Running or jogging is out of the question.''' ,'''I used to run track in high school and was unexceptional in every way.''' ,'''Repeatedly opening the oven - or worse, taking out the turkey to baste it - slows down the momentum of cooking.''' ,'''You have a shelf-life on TV.''' ,'''Easter is an arts and crafts moment where your whole family and friends can get involved.''' ,'''I think we love bacon because it has all the qualities of an amazing sensory experience. When we cook it, the sizzling sound is so appetizing, the aroma is maddening, the crunch of the texture is so gratifying and the taste delivers every time.''' ,'''To me, 'Chopped' is a great platform for championing great causes.''' ,'''Who doesn't love a stuffed cherry tomato?''' ,'''You have to be disciplined about being in the kitchen.''' ,'''Buying food from farmers and people that I know adds that human element that I love.''' ,'''The best place to use vanilla beans is anywhere where they won't be mixed in with a million other flavors. Anything with dairy, yogurt, milk, cream, or eggs - any custard or flan - how can it be bad?''' ,'''I feel very passionate about maintaining the same level of standard and respect for the food as an Iron Chef myself.''' ,'''When we eat something at a restaurant, however simple it may look, there's something in it that makes you think, 'Well, I couldn't quite do this from home.'''' ,'''There's not enough time in each day to really focus enough attention on any one thing, but I'm doing my best. I have a great group of people who support me, and I don't sleep a lot. It's like I'm on a constantly spinning merry-go-round, and every day, I'm wondering when it will stop so I can get off. I love what I do, so that helps a lot.''' ,'''I've had the privilege of having a lot of amazing people cook for me.''' ,'''One of the most practical utensils I can't live without is my 'Joyce Chen' Scissors. They cut with precision.''' ,'''I love to eat. I could make a professional sport out of it.''' ,'''Every time I feel like something is missing from a dish, I think, 'Oh, I know, I'll add a pinch of dry ginger.' If it's not salt and it's not vinegar, it's probably missing dry ginger.''' ,'''It's amazing how meaty cauliflower can be.''' ,'''I don't show just anyone how to crust a sea bass. That's sacred information.''' ,'''I think no one would dispute that 'Chopped' is a highly athletic television show.''' ,'''I've roasted a somewhat frozen turkey, and it's come out just fine.''' ,'''I love roasted beets with goat cheese. I am also a fruit addict.''' ,'''Fresh herbs really belong anywhere you put them.''' ,'''My mom is a self-taught home cook, so books that offer guidelines on how to organize menus are critical to 'cook from the book' people like her.''' ,'''If I am making a spice rub or a spice mix for a braise or even just to crust a piece of fish, I'll use mustard seeds. If you soak them in a little bit of vinegar and let them get plumped and soft and then you puree them, they're delicious.''' ,'''There's a freshness to the approach of teen chefs. They're lighthearted, and they're not afraid to take risks.''' ,'''The hardest thing for me is restraint.''' ,'''I didn't want to write a cheffy cookbook with dehydrated ham chips.''' ,'''I've always been a great collector and lover of cookbooks.''' ,'''People don't take enough advantage of the refrigerator door.''' ,'''My father always said, 'If you love what you do, you won't mind slogging through it for several hours a day.'''' ,'''I wouldn't call being a chef gratifying in a lot of ways. It's an act of love.''' ,'''I love using hummus as centerpiece and then making different containers of vegetables for fun dipping.''' ,'''A splash of red wine vinegar can pull things together like a pinch of salt.''' ,'''I think that 'celebrity' and 'chef' should be a permanent oxymoron.''' ,'''I find myself hoping I can get on a TV show, and then people from Oklahoma will come to my restaurant. Then I'll be able to make enough money to open my own place.''' ,'''When we talk about chefs, we often talk about their love of food or their passion for it, but cooking is also about making a living; it's a job.''' ,'''I watched 'Iron Chef ' for years, and I thought, 'That's playing for the New York Yankees.' I made that my version of being Derek Jeter, and I worked really, really hard to win that.''' ,'''I feel like a princess with a knife. I've wanted to be an Iron Chef forever.''' ,'''Don't be so hard on yourself. Make something simple a few times until you 'master' it and move on to the next thing. Take a cooking class! Buy a cookbook that specializes in foods or a cuisine you enjoy.''' ,'''I used to sleep with the phone right by my pillow but I'm getting better. Now it sits on the table a few feet away.''' ,'''Mashed potatoes with stuff in it? That's '90s.''' ,'''I've thrown vanilla beans into mustard. Nothing crazy or grainy, just normal dijon. It's great for duck. Smear some of that right on the duck, coupled with some roast plums, and it all comes together in that savory over sweet over savory over sweet way we all love.''' ,'''Scrambled eggs are so simple, but they don't wait or taste better cold!''' ,'''Dione Lucas has been obscured by larger-than-life personalities like Julia Child, but she had it going on. She is like the horse that came in second place, whose name we can't remember. It takes more than just one horse to make a race.''' ,'''I love 'The Gourmet Cooking School Cookbook' by Dione Lucas. A huge source of information and inspiration. The book is organized by menu, and the recipes are unusual and exciting.''' ,]
+++