+++
author = "Markus Zusak"
title = "Markus Zusak Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Markus Zusak Quotes"
keywords = "markus zusak,markus zusak quotes,markus zusak quote,markus zusak sayings,markus zusak saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had many boxing matches with my brother in the backyard when we were younger, and I guess while other people abhor boxing for its brutality, I also have to admire anyone who climbs into the ring to face up to what could be the ultimate defeat.''' ,'''Sometimes you get the cynical person saying, 'Do we really need another book set in Nazi Germany?' But I think you just have to ask, 'Is this a story worth telling?'''' ,'''I like to tell students, 'I didn't burst on to the literary scene.' I'm never good at things at the beginning. I was terrible at the start. I need to work and work.''' ,'''I think 'The Lord Of The Rings' is the mother of all cult books, because you can be in that cult and not even know you're in it.''' ,'''I think it's a mistake to think, 'Am I going to write a young adult book, or do I desperately want to write a book for adults?' I think the better ambition is to try to write someone's favorite book, because those categorizations of adult, young adult, become kind of superfluous.''' ,'''I think I'm always somehow interested in characters who want to make one perfect thing, to transcend humanness, even if only for a moment.''' ,'''For 'The Book Thief,' I wanted only one outcome, and that was for the director to follow his own vision, just as I had.''' ,'''Every time you find something that doesn't work, you're a step closer to what does work.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I wanted to be a house painter like my father, but I was always screwing up when I went to work with him. I had a talent for knocking over paint and painting myself into corners. I also realized fairly quickly that painting bored me.''' ,'''I think to be a writer, you have to enjoy being alone. I was a loner as a teenager and was always drawn to characters in books and films who were at the fringes.''' ,'''I've heard some writers say things like, 'Well, I'm a professional writer. I only start books I know I can finish.' I look at it maybe the other way: I only want to write books I'm not sure I can write.''' ,'''The first book I remember loving was 'Grug and the Big Red Apple.' The first film I saw in the cinema was 'Grease.'''' ,'''As a fan of both media, I never had any qualms about an adaptation. I've always been able to separate books I've loved from their movies, no matter how the film turns out.''' ,'''Failure has been my best friend as a writer. It tests you, to see if you have what it takes to see it through.''' ,'''I'm not one of these 'the characters write themselves; the story just fell out of me' kind of writers. Wish it was like that.''' ,'''I procrastinate in spades. In my defence, I also try to have all other distractions solved before I can concentrate on writing. My small theory is that to write for three hours, you need to feel like you have three days. To write for three days, you need to feel like you've got three weeks, and so on.''' ,'''In the case of 'The Book Thief,' my research was hearing the stories of my parents when I was a child. But I started changing the stories when I began moulding the book.''' ,'''I like the idea that every page in every book can have a gem on it. It's probably what I love most about writing - that words can be used in a way that's like a child playing in a sandpit, rearranging things, swapping them around.''' ,'''I've just always loved books, and I love the idea that we're all just really made of stories. I do also like the idea that anyone can love books. Books don't care how educated you are or what you do for a living.''' ,'''I try hard and aim big. People can hate or love my books but they can never accuse me of not trying.''' ,'''I was lucky: I feel like I've written four books that mean something to me, and one book that means everything to me, and that's 'The Book Thief.'''' ,'''Living in Sydney, I've taken the chance to start surfing again. One of my best memories of growing up is catching my first proper wave and surfing across it and my brother cheering at me from the shore.''' ,'''I'm not a writer who refuses to talk about a book until I've finished.''' ,'''I find writing extremely difficult. I usually have to drag myself to my desk, mainly because I doubt myself. And it's getting harder because I want to improve with every book.''' ,'''I like to work in the morning, usually from 7-12, and still always hope to do more later. At the end of a book, I just work most of the time, but in general, I like to be working nice and early.''' ,]
+++