+++
author = "Haley Barbour"
title = "Haley Barbour Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Haley Barbour Quotes"
keywords = "haley barbour,haley barbour quotes,haley barbour quote,haley barbour sayings,haley barbour saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I became governor, spending actually increased 28 percent my first term. Revenue increased 42 percent my first term without raising anybody's taxes. We did it because we had more taxpayers with more taxable income. That's how you get the revenue up. We did that without raising anybody's taxes.''' ,'''The Obama administration and the Democratic Congress have taken the biggest lurch to the left in policy in American history. There've been no - no Congress, no administration that has run this far to the left in such a small period of time. And there is a reaction to that.''' ,'''There's no recovery on Main Street, I can tell you that for sure. And in a re - in an economy like this, we don't need to be raising anybody's taxes.''' ,'''Big business has no party and never shall have.''' ,'''I think the American people are very smart in understanding our country is very trustworthy with nuclear weapons. We've had them from the beginning. But they have also been critical for keeping the world more at peace than it would have been if it hadn't been for the American nuclear umbrella.''' ,'''The decision is 'trust fund' versus 'no more Medicaid' - and that shouldn't be a tough decision.''' ,'''I'm floored that the House leadership would turn its back on job creation for Mississippians.''' ,'''Most Americans are more concerned about the economy and job creation. And they can't understand why the Obama administration or the Democrat majority in Congress wants to pass a bill like the cap-and-trade tax that will cost us jobs, that will hurt our economy, that will drive up costs for families, as well as for small businesses.''' ,'''I have a record as governor. I have a record of cutting spending. And I talked yesterday not only about we ought to cut spending, I talked about how we've cut spending in Mississippi and how if you did the same things in the federal government, you would save tens of billions of dollars a year.''' ,'''I'm a lobbyist and had a career lobbying. The guy who gets elected or the lady who gets elected president of the United States will immediately be lobbying. They would be advocating to the Congress, they'll be lobbying our allies and our adversaries overseas. They'll be asking the business community and labor unions.''' ,]
+++