+++
author = "Mary Berry"
title = "Mary Berry Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mary Berry Quotes"
keywords = "mary berry,mary berry quotes,mary berry quote,mary berry sayings,mary berry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''At my dinner parties, I like to serve cheese after the main course because you still have red wine in the glass, and it goes very well with the cheese. And that is what they do in France, and I think they set a good example.''' ,'''I'm really boring. I think about cooking all the time. I have a little book, so when I go out or see something, I jot it down and try to include it in a recipe or do a variation of it. I even have a notepad by my bed, which is usually saying we're running out of mango chutney.''' ,'''You've got to pay an awful lot for your hotel before you get fresh orange juice. If a hotel has got proper orange juice - and you do expect it if you're abroad - I rank the hotel highly.''' ,'''Our aim is to get people to enjoy 'Bake Off' at home and for our bakers to enjoy what they are doing. We don't want to catch them out. It's a very happy occasion, and it's about encouraging people to bake at home.''' ,'''I still think it's essential for a parent to cook with their children. Weighing out the ingredients and learning where the food comes from is educational, but it also helps to place meal times at the heart of family life. We never had dinner in front of the TV.''' ,'''I've been amazed by the success of 'The Great British Bake Off.' I've been 'rediscovered' at the age of 76. When I was asked to be a judge, I said I wanted to be myself. I didn't want to shout like some other television judges. I also said I was a very bad bread maker, so would the programme makers find someone to help on the bread scene?''' ,'''I grow herbs near the back door, and you can grow a wonderful selection of herbs and window boxes... My idea is that you should grow what you eat. There's no point in growing something like celeriac - which is very difficult to grow - if you hate it.''' ,'''Dad thought something very fishy was going on when, at 22, I was offered a job for £1,000 a year - more than Dad paid his own staff - for inventing cheese recipes and writing leaflets at the Dutch Dairy Bureau in London.''' ,'''My favourite TV show is... 'Downton Abbey.' The characters are wonderful, and the style is created so beautifully on screen. Everything from the table settings to the linen seem perfect to me. While I'm watching it, I'm in a totally different world.''' ,'''A lot of other reality shows on television can be bullying and aggressive, but we wanted 'The Bake Off' to be an antidote to that.''' ,'''I was brought up to believe that it's family first. Of all the people my parents knew, the family was most important. You always turn to your family, and the family supports you. We do what we can to support our young and go and see the grandchildren if they're doing plays at school and their sports events.''' ,'''Making your Christmas cake in September is perfect, as too fresh a cake crumbles when cut.''' ,'''My son is a tree surgeon and gets me a lovely tree. I like to put it up early, as I can't wait for Christmas. We dress it with decorations that have been in the family for years.''' ,'''At 17, I went away to Pau in the south of France for a few months to study domestic science - including cleaning windows with newspaper and water - while living with a Catholic family with 10 children.''' ,'''Lots of people have written to say 'Bake Off' has inspired them to bake with their children. I feel proud about that; it's exactly what I used to do with mine.''' ,'''What a privilege and honour it has been to be part of seven years of magic in a tent - 'The Great British Bake Off.'''' ,'''I never fry a doughnut! If you want a doughnut, go and buy one once in a blue moon. It's about everything in moderation.''' ,'''I don't like showing cleavage because I get cold, and if I had fantastic legs, I might wear short skirts - but I think at 78, one's got to act one's age.''' ,'''I am not great at computers. If I were to try shopping through Google, I'd end up with 33 vests.''' ,'''I won't do 'Strictly' or any of those ghastly reality programmes. 'I'm a Celebrity' would be the end. It makes me shudder.''' ,'''I mainly cook British food with a few things I've had on my holidays. I went to the Canary Islands a few years ago, and we had all sorts of different mushrooms on brioche with pancetta on top, and it was delicious. I had it most days for lunch, so I thought, 'I'll do that when I get back,' and now it's in my cookbook, an absolute favourite.''' ,'''Some of my fondest memories are holidays by the seaside.''' ,'''Without doubt, without hesitation, I choose gardening over the gym. I can't stand going to the gym. It doesn't appeal to me at all. Give me gardening every time.''' ,'''Reluctant as I am to regard myself as a style icon, I would love to think I could inspire older women to make the most of themselves.''' ,'''I don't like tattoos because tattoos are forever.''' ,'''All-in-one dishes are among my favourites. I'm very much in favour of using the oven as much as possible - for casseroles, roasts and other one-pot meals - rather than the hob, where dishes need much more attention.''' ,'''Family life is fragmenting in this modern age, but it's up to all of us to keep it together.''' ,'''I think my father couldn't wait to get home to his wife, but I don't know if he was so keen on us children.''' ,'''I was born in 1935, so I was quite young when the war started. I remember we were in Bath, and it was 1942. We went down into the cellar of our house, and when we came up, I remember seeing all the glass on the floor where all the windows had been shaken out by the bombs.''' ,'''When I thought I couldn't write recipes, my boss at the time advised, 'Write as you talk.'''' ,'''I don't go to fancy Michelin-starred restaurants often.''' ,'''I think to eat cake is very good for us, but it's the size of the slice and how often you have it.''' ,'''When you're on the way up, you have to take all the jobs because bills have to be paid.''' ,'''One of my first jobs was as a recipe tester for a PR agency. One week, the editor of 'Housewife' magazine called my boss and asked me to write a column - the cookery editor had gone away on a press trip. I was terrified.''' ,'''Cooking and baking is both physical and mental therapy.''' ,'''Having children is the greatest thing that can happen to you as a husband and wife. They are infuriating at times when they're little, but on the whole, they're such a joy. I don't think I was the most brilliant mother when they were young. I had quite a bit of help because I was working and I enjoyed my work.''' ,'''The biscuit tin shouldn't be handy - move it about a bit. Try to keep it out of the way.''' ,'''I wasn't the brightest button in the class at school, but I enjoyed cooking and baking. I wasn't clever enough at Maths O-level to get onto the cookery teaching course I really wanted to do, so I did a catering course instead.''' ,'''I've always had a strong interest in how food is produced and in knowing where it comes from.''' ,'''We have three and a half acres, complete with duck pond and wildflower meadow and open annually by appointment as part of the National Gardens Scheme.''' ,'''I'm immensely proud to have been made a CBE, but I don't ever use the letters after my name unless someone has included them in correspondence.''' ,'''Many people think children must have chips. I don't think any household should have a deep fat fryer.''' ,'''Looking back, I don't feel that I was the most brilliant mother. I was always very good at giving my children the right food, but it was one of my regrets in life that I didn't spend more time listening to them or playing with them.''' ,'''I can't pass a plant stall without feeling I must have one. But my greatest extravagance, I suppose, is roses. We've got masses.''' ,'''I'm very keen on the family getting together around the table because you learn so much of what's going on. With a full tummy, they begin to talk to you. People now have busy lives, but once or twice a week, it's lovely to sit all around together.''' ,'''I do not like a quiche with wet, undercooked pastry underneath, and that is that.''' ,'''My best holidays were in Devon and Cornwall when the children were growing up. We always used to stay on farms because our children were pretty wild, and it was great going to the beach every day. We used to go to Launceston and Salcombe and all over those two counties.''' ,'''I eat carefully because people don't want to see a large person judging cakes. They'll think to themselves, 'That's what happens when you eat cake.'''' ,''''The Great British Bake Off' is family entertainment. There aren't many programmes where all ages can sit and watch from beginning to end. Everything else is violent, cruel, and noisy. We're educational without viewers realising it.''' ,'''When I started, you had cochineal food colouring that would turn things pink, but you could never make it red. Now, red is no problem - and if you look at supermarket bakery sections since 'Bake Off' began, you can get everything.''' ,'''I love a good madeira cake. Nice and simple. The most important thing is that a cake is moist. Most people overcook cakes, which dries them out.''' ,'''My husband is not in the slightest bit domesticated, but as the years go, by he's getting better. He can make an excellent omelette.''' ,'''As I was growing up, all meals, including breakfast, were family occasions, and you all sat down to eat together - and you had to finish everything as well.''' ,'''To be able to walk out the door when you come home from a job and wander into the garden to do a bit of watering gives you time to be creative in your mind.''' ,'''I do like going out and finding free food. I've done it since I was a child. Fishing prawns and shrimps from the sea is wonderful, as is picking blackberries, sloes and mushrooms. Having a guide while out looking for mushrooms is really important, though, as picking the wrong type can be quite dangerous.''' ,'''Freak diets I don't think work. It's control.''' ,'''I honestly think there shouldn't be sugared drinks. All my grandchildren drink water all through the day. I've just had them to stay, and at breakfast, they have water. They don't even know what sugary drinks are.''' ,'''I walk, and I play tennis, but mainly I watch what I eat. I eat all the things that I love, including cake. Cake is very important to me. But it's all about the size of the slice!''' ,'''I've always collected vintage kitchenalia because it's beautifully made, and I love to see things that have been used down the ages.''' ,'''If you're feeling a little bit down, a bit of kneading helps.''' ,'''I would always stand up for women, but I don't want women's rights and all that sort of thing. I love to have men around, and I suppose if you're a true feminist, you get on and do it yourself. I love it when someone says, 'I'll get your coat' or, 'I'll look after you', or offers you a seat on the bus. I'm thrilled to bits. I'm not a feminist.''' ,'''I never leave anything until the morning. I put my jumpers, scarves, and shoes out the night before. You never know what is going to happen. You don't want to get stressed.''' ,'''When our William was killed, there wasn't a child bereavement charity. I was extremely blessed with a very close family, wonderful friends, a supportive husband, and two further children.''' ,'''I was rather hopeless at school, but the one subject I seemed to be good at was domestic science.''' ,'''All my grandchildren bake. On a Saturday, Annabel's boys, Louis and Toby, always bake. Louis makes a chocolate cake, Toby makes banana or lemon drizzle. They're 12 and 10, and they can do it totally on their own. My son's twin girls, Abby and Grace, are 14; they make birthday cakes and like to do it on their own with Mum out of the way.''' ,'''I have no desire to be a centenarian. I think 90 is a great time. You've had a good innings. You have to deal with the cards that have been dealt, of course, but I don't think very old age, if you haven't got your marbles, can be very nice.''' ,'''It should be that every child, when they leave school, can do ten meals, because when they leave home, they've got to be able to eat healthily. Blow the science of it and everything else. They've just got to be able to know what's good for them, how to buy it, and how to make a few dishes that they enjoy and don't cost too much.''' ,'''It helps to have a happy home life to keep up alongside your career.''' ,'''I won't cook in deep fat. Years ago, I met a fireman who said most kitchen fires were caused by deep fat, and I don't think that's changed. Oven chips are good enough for my grandchildren, and they're chuffed with that.''' ,'''I have no burning ambitions, and I can honestly say the thing I love most is 'Bake Off.' That will always come first.''' ,'''I'm just very grateful that the media has been so kind to me, because there's nothing unusual about me. I'm just a mum and a granny who is teaching cookery on TV. Basically, I'm very ordinary.''' ,'''I can't bear the thought of retirement, and I haven't prepared myself for it. I don't play bridge, and I don't play golf. I do play tennis, but you can't do that every day of the week.''' ,'''I hope that I dress for my age. Because there's no need to be dowdy, is there? But I don't go with all the colours that everybody is wearing. I'm not very fond of lime green or orange, so I don't do that. I read all the fashion magazines, but most things are totally unsuitable for somebody of 79.''' ,'''The very best hotel I've stayed in is the Intercontinental on Park Lane. We went there for the Chelsea Flower Show a few years ago, and it was sheer luxury. Everybody had a smile on their face. I came home and changed all my pillows because the hotel ones were so beautiful.''' ,'''I don't want food all over the place, down the sides of the sofa... When I shared a flat before I got married, we would always eat around the telly, but not now!''' ,'''It's so comforting to have a small piece of cake. Just one slice.''' ,'''I think baking is very rewarding, and if you follow a good recipe, you will get success.''' ,'''I love Michel Roux, Jr., and James Martin - the chefs who are experts in their own right, like Rick Stein on fish. But I don't watch them very much because I don't think it's fair for my husband to be in a total food environment all the time! So we watch programmes about gardening more.''' ,'''Before the start of each new series, I go shopping for my 'Bake Off' wardrobe. I've got increasingly confident with my look and now wear much more colour than I did at the start.''' ,'''I would serve a selection of cakes, scones, and small sandwiches for afternoon tea. High tea is usually served between 5 P.M. and 6 P.M., replacing an evening meal - it is more substantial.''' ,'''I am a bit of a mother hen at Christmas! I always prepare in advance. It is the only way; otherwise, it can be really daunting.''' ,'''So often, when somebody dies in the family, whether a child or a parent, there is no one to lean on. When something like that happens, you go into a shell, but on the other hand, it's a really good thing to talk it over and say how you feel.''' ,'''When I was paralysed by polio at 13, I went into an isolation hospital and couldn't sit up, so I only took liquid food from spouted cups which the masked nurses would bring in and feed to me. I saw my parents only through glass; we couldn't touch.''' ,'''I hate Gordon Ramsay's programmes: I don't know if he's been told it makes good television.''' ,'''I admire my fellow judge Paul Hollywood enormously, though we often argue. He believes presentation and uniformity are paramount; I'm more interested in taste. I don't mind if one bun is smaller than the others, or if there's a little pastry cracking, though I don't want a soggy bottom.''' ,'''As parents are usually working, they haven't time to teach children about cooking, and it's a wilderness. They should be given healthy recipes - some standbys so that when they leave home, they don't live on junk.''' ,'''Wherever possible, I like to use home-grown or locally produced ingredients.''' ,'''I'm not great on the florals. I think you've got to wear what you're happy in and that is fun but isn't mutton dressed up as lamb.''' ,'''If you are buying a larger turkey than usual, make sure it will fit in the oven.''' ,'''The only time I'll use a microwave is to warm up a cup of coffee I've left too long before drinking.''' ,'''While we're filming 'Bake Off,' I can get really cold, so I'm often holding a hot-water bottle or layered up under an anorak and a warm hat.''' ,'''Oh, I'd never put my elbows on the table.''' ,'''I make myself eat one piece of toast for breakfast. When I'm doing 'Bake Off,' I eat soup for lunch. I know what puts on weight for me; it's just over-indulgence.''' ,'''Life is all about sharing. If we are good at something, pass it on. That is the pleasure I get from teaching - whether it is television or books. We should all share.''' ,'''I usually wear only a bit of pink lippy, but for TV, they add a few extra lashes to brighten my eyes and some colour to my face, as without it, I look pale and uninteresting.''' ,'''I was always nervous before a television show, and I still am now. But 'The Great British Bake Off' is a happy show; there is no bad language, and although we do have drama, we deal with it calmly.''' ,'''It is something you can't predict, and it is the huge sadness in your life, losing a child.''' ,'''I know people think I invented the Victoria sandwich, but I'm really not that old.''' ,'''My bread and croissants wouldn't win a prize! I'm not an expert in yeast cookery.''' ,'''My parents were very strict about manners and being polite to others. I brought my own children up that way, too.''' ,]
+++