+++
author = "Carson Kressley"
title = "Carson Kressley Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Carson Kressley Quotes"
keywords = "carson kressley,carson kressley quotes,carson kressley quote,carson kressley sayings,carson kressley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wasn't always this confident. Growing up as the awkward gay kid in a small town in Pennsylvania, you're constantly told, 'Don't be yourself, don't be proud of who you are.'''' ,'''I think ultimately I make people happy: Whether I'm doing the stage show, giving somebody a makeover, or designing clothing, the end goal is to make people smile.''' ,'''One of my co-workers at Ralph Lauren heard about the show, and when she got back to the office, said; Carson, you have to call Bravo. They're doing a show. You're perfect for it.''' ,'''I've always believed that clothing is a great way to tell your story.''' ,'''I love music. I love going out dancing.''' ,'''Show's going well. New season starting, we're on the road.''' ,'''Whether you're gay or straight, with a physical disability, your skin's a different color, it's absurd in this age to not be aware and be concerned of the inequity in rights.''' ,'''We did a whole fraternity house. We made them over.''' ,'''I learned how to dance. I got a free spray tan. My life is good!''' ,'''My method of helping someone is saying, 'Wow, you look amazing. Let me help you look even better.' I think tearing someone down is an awful thing to do. It has a lasting impression on people.''' ,'''I am not much about rules, I like to break 'em and don't like to make 'em.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I was obviously gay, and I got heckled every day of my life. The only way I knew how to survive was to make people laugh. If I could make them laugh, I wouldn't get hung in a locker for two hours. That's a blessing.''' ,'''I love fashion, but it's always been my job, whereas horseriding is my hobby.''' ,'''It's really important to share the idea that being different might feel like a problem at the time, but ultimately diversity is a strength.''' ,'''On our show, I've only reached out and touched about 55 guys. I think there's still about 40 million.''' ,'''I was into Barbie and designer jeans.''' ,'''Friends think your life is so glamorous, and it is. But there are times when, instead of going to a glamorous party, I would rather just come home from work, pop in a DVD and eat some microwave popcorn with a cutie on the sofa.''' ,'''Challenge yourself, jump off the deep end and learn to swim.''' ,'''We came, we saw, we bedazzled! You know, and it's hard to be serious and thoughtful when you're dressed like a Skittle.''' ,'''I've been doing makeovers on TV for years and years and years. It's something I really know how to do. I also know personally what it's like to not feel good about yourself.''' ,'''It's incredibly hard to program a network from scratch for 24 hours.''' ,'''I hoped I could make people smile and laugh and have a good time.''' ,'''People are much deeper than stereotypes. That's the first place our minds go. Then you get to know them and you hear their stories, and you say, 'I'd have never guessed.'''' ,'''Compare yourself to yourself and say, 'How can I be better? How can I be the real me?'''' ,]
+++