+++
author = "Peter Handke"
title = "Peter Handke Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Peter Handke Quotes"
keywords = "peter handke,peter handke quotes,peter handke quote,peter handke sayings,peter handke saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The most real dialogue for me is when I am alone, writing.''' ,'''Everything is created to be annihilated.''' ,'''We behave as if being alone were a problem.''' ,'''Samuel Beckett. He is a kind of hero for me.''' ,'''Sometimes readers are telling me about what they read of my books and I don't remember at all.''' ,'''I don't like intrigue. I'm not a man of intrigue.''' ,'''My place is in Serbia if the NATO criminals bomb.''' ,'''I wrote about the Serbs, because no one was writing about them, even if I also think about the Croat and Muslim victims.''' ,'''Morality is the least of my concerns. To me, morality in a society that - however moral its pose - is hierarchically organized is simply a lie, an alibi for the inequalities that exist in society.''' ,'''Why don't people just open... my works instead of accusing me?''' ,'''An artist is only an exemplary person if you can see in his works how life goes.''' ,'''Not a word that I have written about Yugoslavia is denounceable, not a single one. It is literature.''' ,'''I'm Austrian, but my mother was Slovenian.''' ,'''Don Juan's story can have no end, and that, on my word, is the definitive and true story of 'Don Juan.'''' ,'''I don't read my own books, but sometimes if there is a new edition I open it and then I feel this life of a writer was not so hopeless, not so bad.''' ,'''Most older people don't talk about the past so they won't have to admit that their life ran on the wrong rail.''' ,'''Of course it would disgust me to tell anyone how to live.''' ,'''There are many kinds of truth. But truth communicated by beauty is the only pure one. The only one that touches me in the heart.''' ,'''I am a writer. I am rooted in Tolstoy, I am rooted in Homer, I am rooted in Cervantes.''' ,'''I am a writer and not a judge.''' ,'''You can't be silent and create silence in being silent. So you have to create silence or, rather, the effect of silence, through words.''' ,'''The biggest achievement is to create silence. I think every real writer who has a passion to do justice to the world thinks this way.''' ,'''On my travels I, at least, did not see Serbia as a land of paranoiacs - much more as the huge room of an orphaned, yes, an orphaned, abandoned child.''' ,'''I wrote about my journey through the country of Serbia exactly as I have always written my books, my literature.''' ,'''I'm not a winner. My nature is not the nature of a winner.''' ,'''The so-called world knows everything about Slobodan Milosevic. The so-called world knows the truth. But I don't know the truth. But I watch. I feel. I remember. I question.''' ,'''I like literature, not opinions. I hate opinions.''' ,'''I can't define myself. And I'm really happy about this, that I'm not able to make a definition of, even of my work.''' ,'''I'm a conservative classical writer.''' ,]
+++