+++
author = "Bobby Lashley"
title = "Bobby Lashley Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Bobby Lashley Quotes"
keywords = "bobby lashley,bobby lashley quotes,bobby lashley quote,bobby lashley sayings,bobby lashley saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You only live once, so you got to do as much as you can in the time that you have.''' ,'''I train hard. A lot of people that I train with, they get blown away by how hard I'm able to train.''' ,'''Once you catch that fever of wrestling, you really can't get it out.''' ,'''If people will pay to see it, I'll fight anyone in any sport.''' ,'''I'm not covering up. I don't need a t-shirt on to go wrestle.''' ,'''I love wrestling, and of course WWE is the main stage, but I'm happy to be with TNA.''' ,'''I have a fanbase, and I have a large fanbase, and there's a lot of people that like me, and there's a lot of people that support me, and there's a lot of people that can relate to me.''' ,'''I try to take care of myself as much as possible.''' ,'''MMA - for me, it was something that I needed to challenge myself.''' ,'''I'm a father, and that is the absolute most important thing in my life.''' ,'''In order to resist injuries and stay healthy, you have to be mobile and agile. You have to be able to have your body work for you.''' ,'''When I go to Japan, they don't care if you win or lose; they just want to see a good fight.''' ,'''Kurt Angle was amazing. He was the person who got me into pro wrestling. He found me when I was at the Olympic training center just wrestling, amateur wrestling.''' ,'''In wrestling, you've got to be an athlete. You can't just be a body builder; you can't just be this big strong guy who picks people up and throws them around. For longevity in the business, you got to keep your body fit and together.''' ,'''Everybody gives Trump an extremely bad rap. He's a businessman, so he is not trying to rub your back and tell you everything is going to be OK. He is going to set standards and, when everything is in chaos, you need someone who is willing to do what needs to be done.''' ,'''Everyone likes to be the heel. Everyone wants to be the bad guy. I mean, I love being the bad guy, but the crowd doesn't want me to be a bad guy. In real life, I'm too much of a good guy to be a bad guy.''' ,'''That's why I love wrestling: because there's so many different people. I love everybody, from Hornswoggle to the Great Khali to Seth Rollins, to The Bludgeon Brothers. I love everything about wrestling because of that.''' ,'''I don't know which one is harder - going from MMA to wrestling or from wrestling to MMA.''' ,'''When you get put in a position like that, to shave off the hair of the boss of the company, they're putting a lot of faith in you, and they believe in you.''' ,'''I'd like to someday possibly come out with a workout video or even a manual just to teach people the things I know.''' ,'''I'm a product of amateur wrestling, and there is no one there to help you with matches or win matches - you have to do it yourself.''' ,'''Anything can happen in a fight, and anything can happen in training.''' ,'''If somebody has something negative to say, I'm a very - I won't say introverted, because I'm not introverted - I'm a very, just, calm person.''' ,'''Some guys lock up when they hear the crowd. I feel the energy and take it with me into the fight. I've been in front of huge crowds and know to use that energy.''' ,'''I hate to lose.''' ,'''When somebody makes a decision on what they think they need to do, I don't question it at all.''' ,'''When I train for fights, my kids understand, and they have my back. They are there with me.''' ,'''Traveling is a part of the business. I think it's really the hardest part of the business because the wrestling part is the easy part - something I love and enjoy doing.''' ,'''I've never been a politics guy in wrestling; I'm just someone who came out and worked.''' ,'''One thing you gotta take into consideration is that it's professional wrestling, and you know it going in. There's dangers to every profession, and our particular profession, concussions is one thing.''' ,'''A lot of people in MMA do part-time jobs.''' ,'''We had some rough times in TNA. We had some pay issues, and this and that, they were some other issues. But at that time, we were working harder than we ever worked. Even though, you know, we were being paid late and all, we worked harder than we worked before.''' ,'''Wrestling is in my blood.''' ,'''Wrestling has done a lot for my life.''' ,'''WWE is not just about fighting; we're about the community.''' ,'''Donald Trump was really cool. I think a lot of people don't understand him. He brings so much media attention to anything he does. He's a proven success. I think people should listen to what he says a little more than focusing on hair.''' ,'''I wanted to go into this fight business, and I wanted to go into it full force. So when you do something like that - enter into a new venture - it keeps you very busy.''' ,'''I like Canada. The fans here are great. It's always good to come up here with some good energy.''' ,'''My kids are my biggest motivation.''' ,'''Everybody else has the same 24 hours, but I'm going to make the most of my 24 hours.''' ,'''When I started, I just put my nose to the grindstone, had great trainers and opponents like Fit Finlay, Arn Anderson, Booker T, Umaga and Bob Holly, and good things started to happen.''' ,'''My philosophy is, if you work as hard as you can, you give yourself as many opportunities as you can to be successful and lucky.''' ,'''When you get to a certain level in wrestling, you got to be the ring general, and I've been in wrestling for a long time. And I can be a ring general against anybody.''' ,'''Money is not it for me. I love to travel and take care of my kids and be around my children.''' ,'''Wrestling has taken me on a ride and a love affair. I absolutely enjoy wrestling.''' ,'''I grew up with nothing, and that was my motivation.''' ,'''Pro wrestling has absolutely helped my fighting.''' ,'''One of my first overseas trips with WWE was to France. I walked out of our hotel, and I see a little kid walking toward me with his mom. He gets a couple of steps past me and he stops in his tracks. I see his mom do a little bit of a double-take, then he runs over and just grabs on and starts hugging my leg as hard as he can, then he starts crying.''' ,'''Everybody wants to be a critic: a critic without the actual accolades to be a critic.''' ,'''When I went to Impact, it was me proving myself on a daily basis to a lot of different people. I mean, I had matches with Austin Aries, matches with Jeff Hardy, Bobby Roode, Drew McIntyre. I mean, I wrestled everyone. During that time, I wasn't just sitting back saying, 'Man, I hope WWE picks me up. I hope they see me. I hope to get back.'''' ,'''We have to start encouraging people to step out of their comfort zones and start doing new things. Anything anybody does new, there are a bunch of naysayers.''' ,'''A lot of times, professional athletes say, 'I'm not a role model; I'm an athlete.' I don't mind being a role model because I know what I've done in order to make it to where I am right now. It's a lot of hard work; it's a tremendous amount of hard work. But in order to be make it to a certain level, everybody knows it's going to take time.''' ,'''I love what I do. I love the competition of fighting. And I love to wrestle.''' ,'''When I was with WWE before, I was a big guy throwing people around - power moves. Then after that, when I left WWE, I was like, 'I still enjoy professional wrestling,' but some of the smaller guys look up at me and say, 'I don't wanna wrestle him. I don't wanna get thrown around by that guy.'''' ,'''I don't spoil myself on extravagant cars or spending money on jewelry. So I save a lot of the money I have.''' ,'''Bobby Roode is amazing.''' ,'''I was excited 'Maxim' wanted me to be in Expert Fitness.''' ,'''Being in the wrestling business, it was a whole lot to deal with in a short amount of time. I went from amateur wrestling one minute to, the next minute, I'm traveling the world, and I'm on the road 250 days a year.''' ,'''Whether it's MMA or wrestling, I try to find the best people and go after the best people.''' ,'''I can't even begin to entertain another wrestler's perception of me if they don't understand what my fans look for in me. I'm different; I'm different.''' ,'''I'm not the type to call people out.''' ,'''I know I can wrestle a lot longer than I can fight.''' ,'''With wrestling, we're still athletes. I train like we're an athlete as opposed to a body builder. Some people still have that body-builder mentality. But not from me. I do a lot of agility work and stuff like that.''' ,'''I can go and fight, take one punch, and have a concussion and start having issues with it, or I can wrestle my entire career and never have a concussion. It's just a hazard of the business.''' ,'''When you put wrestlers on TV, they're the highest professionals in the business.''' ,'''My dad demanded results. I wasn't expected just to be a student, I was supposed to get straight A's. My dad didn't want me just to play sports, he pushed me to win state championships in high school and national championships.''' ,'''Every time I go out there, I have something to prove. Something more, something different.''' ,'''When I head into the cage for an MMA fight, for that time inside the cage, I hate the person standing across the cage. I want to beat him up and beat him up to the point where he never wants to go against me again. After the fight, I can shake his hands, and he - we can be best friends. It's the same thing in professional wrestling.''' ,'''I was a part of the largest WrestleMania ever, so I know how to feed off the energy from the crowd in my fights.''' ,'''A.J. Styles is great - he's a great performer - so I'm not going to take anything away from him.''' ,'''I don't go on social media.''' ,'''I'm really considering getting into amateur wrestling and getting into more tournaments. I'm looking into going to do some Jiu-Jitsu tournaments. I'm looking into everything.''' ,'''I got to fight off haters on a regular basis.''' ,'''The only way to survive is to get back up.''' ,'''I like to get the blood flowing and get as loose as I can possibly get. It's not very difficult to hurt yourself out there if you aren't prepared, especially in a Fatal Four Way.''' ,'''I'm the type of person where, at the end of the game, if there's 10 seconds left, and you need to get somebody the ball, and you're behind by one, give me the ball. Get me the ball every single time.''' ,'''I've had no documented concussions.''' ,'''If you play college sports, it's not like you have to - the next step in your career is another sport. You don't have to go into another sport. If you play college sports, you obviously graduated with a degree.''' ,'''There's no secret I love professional wrestling. It's not just the money all the time, I love wrestling, and I love fighting.''' ,'''WWE is there for the soldiers.''' ,'''I was a business management major.''' ,'''A lot of people look at me as such a nice guy; they don't understand how dangerous I can actually be.''' ,'''When people underestimate or think my success has come easily, that doesn't bother me.''' ,'''You can scout people as much as you want. At the end of the day, it's a fight, so you got to be ready for almost anything.''' ,'''Kenny King, his character on TV is him.''' ,'''One of the best things I've ever been told is that it's better for someone to tell you to slow down than to speed up.''' ,'''Any fighter, at the end of the day, that says it's not about the money is ridiculous. We wouldn't be training this hard, putting our bodies on the line, and torturing our bodies if there wasn't a payday at the end of the day.''' ,'''I think the problem people get into is they want to go into the gym and look at other people's workouts, or they want to lift what other people are lifting. I started out really small. I actually did a lot of research, and I learned all about working out. So take gradual steps.''' ,'''I am really simple with diets. I say feed your frame.''' ,'''My family comes from Panama, and I grew up in a single parent household with my mother, who barely spoke English. She couldn't get a good job, yet there were four of us for her to raise.''' ,'''There's only so far you can push a man.''' ,'''I don't want to be bothered when I'm stretching. I need to focus.''' ,'''If you want to go for the title, you go for the title, and you fight. You don't run away; you fight.''' ,'''I don't eat for pleasure; I eat for performance.''' ,'''Working out is simple if you know what to do.''' ,'''Eric Young is phenomenal. Bobby Roode - every time I get in the ring with those guys, it's almost like magic.''' ,'''Samoa Joe is great at kickboxing; he's super aggressive - he's tough.''' ,'''I want that fight with Brock Lesnar. I don't care if it's the ring, the cage, or in a street fight.''' ,'''I'm a baby face in real life - in person.''' ,'''If you've never stepped in a wrestling ring, and you're with me, we can still have an excellent wrestling match, because that's how good I believe I am.''' ,]
+++