+++
author = "Kartik Aaryan"
title = "Kartik Aaryan Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Kartik Aaryan Quotes"
keywords = "kartik aaryan,kartik aaryan quotes,kartik aaryan quote,kartik aaryan sayings,kartik aaryan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I started very young as a hero.''' ,'''I am a reflection of my mother.''' ,''''PKP' was a huge success, and even the sequel did well. I became very choosy after that.''' ,'''I am always on the lookout for roles which will help me better myself.''' ,'''When you know someone for four-five years, you tend to know everything about the person. You tend to know when the other person is reacting to a certain situation, how the other person would react in a situation.''' ,'''People are appreciating my work, and it feels good when people like my work.''' ,'''I am a greedy actor, and I want the best roles to come my way.''' ,'''Personally, I'm a fan of comedy movies that I can watch with my friends and family.''' ,'''All my characters have been relatable.''' ,'''After 'King of Monologues,' now I'm loving the term 'Bromantic Hero.'''' ,'''I think comedy is a genre that has a lot of potential. It is a very content-driven film genre.''' ,'''I'm a fan of Adidas Originals. I love their Stan Smith collection.''' ,'''I've been subtle in my taste. It's all about solid colours - mostly blue, white, and black. Also, I believe one should always feel comfortable in what they wear. Because when they're not, their body language is always a big give-away.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be an actor who connects with families because once they come to watch your film in the theatres, it becomes a big deal. That's how you sell four tickets at one go.''' ,'''I want to be a commercially viable actor. I want that the distributors and producers should earn the money; then only, you become a bankable actor.''' ,'''While I am lucky to be associated with people who believe in content, all that matters is your talent and box-office results.''' ,'''In the beginning of our career, we want to make an identity, and I am happy that people think I have good comic timing, and they are casting me in films.''' ,'''I know my talent when it comes to acting. But will I get the opportunity to showcase? That fear seeps in when an actor's film fail back-to-back.''' ,'''I have learnt to deal with the box office result. Whatever happened to any film, thankfully, people always appreciated my performance.''' ,'''I get so many messages from people seeking advice to mend their relationship.''' ,'''It can be a fictional character and yet relatable... It always depends on the content of the film and what you are doing.''' ,'''More than my own happiness, it's my mother's happiness that makes me happy.''' ,'''There is always going to be someone who is not going to be happy with me and talk or gossip about me, no matter what I do.''' ,'''I started dreaming about being an actor in Gwalior, and it feels amazing to shoot in my hometown.''' ,'''If you have talent, then success will come to you.''' ,'''People relate to my characters and see me in a different way. They identify with me and remember the nuances of my characters.''' ,'''In Gwalior, where I lived initially, I never thought much about fashion. I started understanding fashion only when I moved to Delhi.''' ,'''For 'Guest Iin London,' I got a lot of appreciation.''' ,'''It is only when you become commercially viable that you actually get accepted by the industry.''' ,'''Good scripts, which are apt for me, eventually come to me.''' ,'''I have been told that I was well-utilised in my first film, but I was too young.''' ,'''While growing up, I used to sleep at 8 P.M. and get up at 4 A.M. to study.''' ,'''I have grown up watching Aditya Chopra and Karan Johar movies. Naturally, I aspire to be a part of their kind of cinema.''' ,'''I believe in method acting. Whenever I'm working on a character, I start behaving like him. I start doing these things which the character would normally do. Maybe that's the way I function as an actor, and I believe in it. And that's how I try and portray a character.''' ,'''If I have to do 40 films like 'Punchnama,' I will take it up as long as I enjoy it.''' ,'''I don't fear being judged as a misogynist.''' ,'''I just love the process of filmmaking.''' ,'''I want to be known as a commercial hero.''' ,'''I want to my films to make Rs 200 crore and Rs 300 crore also, but I have to be reasonable.''' ,'''Life is tough in Mumbai when you are alone.''' ,'''If I like a script, I will definitely pick films of different genres, but I won't do something just for the sake of it.''' ,'''My worst fear is to not able to understand what my director wants me to do. I might not be able to reciprocate to his idea or vision. I may not be able to perform before the camera. Those are my worst fears.''' ,'''There are films that look very interesting when on paper, but things change while shooting. At times, things changed during post-production, and I see no reason to blame anything on anyone. It is a collaborative effort. If it failed, we should face it.''' ,'''I would love to work with Alia Bhatt. I think she is very talented and has been really good in all her films.''' ,'''I was with my mother at a mall when our car was suddenly surrounded by people. Initially, she loved seeing her son getting mobbed. Then the crowds started swelling, and they began to push and shove and tilt the car. My mom's joy turned into anxiety.''' ,'''Life of an actor is not his or hers: it's everyone's life. Nothing is private; nothing is personal. If you're doing great in terms of work, that's the price you've to give.''' ,''''Pyaar Ka Punchnama' is a universal concept. You can use different set of characters and put them in a situation like this again and again.''' ,'''I never wanted to be an engineer.''' ,'''I am always on Instagram, Snapchat, and all other social media platforms... So, I am a very tech-friendly person, and I've grown up playing on my phone.''' ,'''Since two of my films of 'Pyaar Ka Punchnama' series worked, people think I am good in such roles.''' ,'''It feels great when people talk about your craft and you get noticed for it.''' ,'''When I came to Mumbai from Indore, I knew nobody.''' ,'''People think that I have figured it all out, at a young age, about love.''' ,'''I can't grab anything that comes my way just because it's from a big banner.''' ,'''I always celebrate festivals - whether it's Holi or Diwali.''' ,'''If fans consider me a heartthrob, I think it has more to do with the kind of characters that I have played.''' ,''''Baazigar' was the movie which initiated my drift towards acting.''' ,'''In both the 'Punchnama' movies, the characters and their relationships were only about boyfriends and girlfriends. But in 'SKTKS,' we had so much more to talk about.''' ,'''Some people thought that I was crazy for declining a lot of offers while I was filming 'SKTKS,' but I have waited patiently because I knew I had a winning hand.''' ,'''I am an ardent cricket fan, and I have seen the iconic Sharjah Cricket Stadium matches on TV.''' ,'''The reason I am an actor is because I have faith in myself.''' ,'''Post-'Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety,' now there are more opportunities for me in terms of films. I'm getting offers from the makers I always wanted to work with.''' ,'''I am living my dream, basically.''' ,'''I want to do content-oriented plus commercial films.''' ,'''My fourth movie, 'PKP2,' is my biggest release and biggest success.''' ,'''Ever since I entered this industry, I have always wanted to do romantic films.''' ,'''In the industry, once people see you in a certain mold, you start getting offered only those kind of roles.''' ,'''I've faced a lot of struggle and been a victim of backstabbing.''' ,'''I'm happy being the relatable hero.''' ,'''I always try to pick up interesting scripts, and thankfully, I have been lucky to get scripts like 'Pyaar Ka Punchnama,' 'Akash Vaani', and 'Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety.'''' ,'''For me, an ideal relationship is about supporting each other and having great understanding.''' ,'''I can't mix different sports brands together. I would never go to the gym wearing a Nike sweatshirt and Adidas shoes.''' ,'''I am social media savvy.''' ,'''It is always good to perform with an actor who is good and inspires you to do better.''' ,'''I try to woo the person whom I love. Even a good morning call to start the day is good enough for me.''' ,'''Shah Rukh Khan is an institution in himself. Like me, there are millions who adore and worship the Badshah of Bollywood. I've been a huge fan of him even before I decided to become an actor.''' ,'''As a youngster, I really enjoyed watching cricket.''' ,'''I have no problem in doing comedy, as I am happily consolidating my image of a comic actor.''' ,'''Nothing tastes like success.''' ,'''As an actor, you're always told that your career needs box-office numbers.''' ,'''My characters in both 'Pyaar Ka Punchnama' films were so relatable that every other guy connects with me.''' ,'''My parents wanted me to get a degree.''' ,'''Maybe girls think that I can never be in a relationship and I can only give advice to other men to not fall in love or get committed to a girl. But that's not true.''' ,'''I was offered a lot of romantic and comedy films.''' ,'''I come from a middle-class family in Gwalior.''' ,'''Being a part of 'Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety' has been a life-changing experience for me, and hopefully, I want to keep working hard in future as well.''' ,'''When I first moved to Mumbai, I shared a flat with 12 boys.''' ,'''The audience has reacted well to my comic timing. But, I also have other aspects to my acting talent.''' ,'''Would I do another 'Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety?' I'd do it as many times as Luv Ranjan wants me to.''' ,'''I cannot put pressure on myself that I have delivered a Rs 100 crore film and now I have to give it again or it will not be successful. Films that earn Rs 50 crore or Rs 60 crore are successful, too.''' ,'''I love the chocolate boy image. I love my heartthrob image.''' ,'''It feels great to have an equally huge fan following of guys and girls.''' ,'''A lot of my friends ask me for advice.''' ,'''Since in the end, as an actor, I cannot do much apart from giving my best on camera, I won't let myself be affected by the business of cinema.''' ,'''Success has taken its own sweet time to reach me.''' ,'''I am a huge fan of Shah Rukh Khan sir, so I also know what it feels like to be a fan.''' ,'''It does happen sometimes that you aren't able to understand whether you should go for a particular film or not, and you are left with only one or two choices.''' ,'''My characters have never waged a war against any gender. They are all about friendship and being loyal to your friends.''' ,'''I really respect the kind of compliments and appreciation I am getting for my work in 'Sonu Ke Titu Ke Sweety,' and I will make sure that I will not disappoint my audience in future.''' ,]
+++