+++
author = "Josh Trank"
title = "Josh Trank Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Josh Trank Quotes"
keywords = "josh trank,josh trank quotes,josh trank quote,josh trank sayings,josh trank saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I ended up losing weight and going through a lot of stuff, but yeah, that is so much of my life and my past. I'm glad that I went through that because I don't think I would be where I am now if I hadn't gone through it. It spills over in most of my love for movies and being alone.''' ,'''I'm a big, big movie fan; really, I've seen everything. I really mean that, too.''' ,'''You can't just keep telling a story the same way over and over again. And I think it only helps the world to be more honest with young kids, to show them the world that they go walk outside and see.''' ,'''I was told about 'Misfits' when we were in prep for 'Chronicle', and I wanted to watch it badly because I'm a fan of that kind of stuff. But I stopped myself because I was very careful about not getting too much contemporary influence.''' ,'''I have a great relationship with everyone at Lucasfilm and with Kiri Hart.''' ,'''I'm a believer in just open, free-form creativity, and you never know the surprises that life has in store, and that, purely on a creative level, there's no such thing as rules.''' ,'''You can't have bad without good. You can't have right without wrong. You can't have fantastic without mundane. You need to experience all that to really earn the title of the film, 'Fantastic Four.'''' ,'''I don't read Twitter.''' ,'''In older science fiction stories, they had to rely on storytelling as opposed to spectacle. The old run of the 'Twilight Zone,' the star was the writing and the storytelling, and the characters and the twists and the cleverness in the setup and payoff and execution.''' ,'''Most superheroes are painted with a specific moral objective that makes them who they are. And that moral objective influences everything they do, so there's an expectation for what you're going to see out of a certain character.''' ,'''We live in a time where there's a required instant gratification from audiences. That's a fun challenge in terms of putting together this teaser, picking and choosing how much you're actually giving away.''' ,''''Bowling For Columbine' and 'Gus Van Sant's Elephant' really intrigued me. With 'Bowling For Columbine', I think Michael Moore just gave the perfect exploration of both the mass media interpretation of the event and going into the minds of these kids. These were messed-up kids who had hit a point of no return.''' ,'''Because videogames are so inherently influenced by movies, to take a movie and literally create a videogame out of it, you're immediately setting limitations and expectations on what that game can be.''' ,'''People are religious about comics the way people are religious about the Bible.''' ,'''I feel like we're going to see a lot more movies that mix documentary style with fiction, more along the lines of 'District 9.'''' ,'''By the way, I have had zero press training.''' ,'''If I was painting a picture, I wouldn't want to take a picture of a single paint stroke. I'd rather show people what it looks like when it's done.''' ,'''There are as many great superhero movies as there are comedies and dramas and cartoons. People just want to see good movies.''' ,'''When I was in middle school and high school, I was over 100 pounds overweight.''' ,'''I think maybe there's a part of me that needs adversity from the rest of the world in order to feel motivated to want to prove people wrong. I need people to be like, 'What is this weirdo doing?'''' ,'''You can't have the word 'fantasy' or 'fantastical' without a contrast. It has to stem from a grounded experience.''' ,'''I'm a believer that you shouldn't really talk about the drawing until you're done with the drawing.''' ,'''Before we even approached this movie, the 'Fantastic Four' on its own is very unique.''' ,'''I grew up in the '90s, and I loved Nirvana.''' ,'''I am very sensitive about characters being annoying in movies.''' ,'''Filmmakers have to really find a unique take on something if they're going to explore an already-explored genre of movies.''' ,'''I love how 'Misfits' is a drama-comedy.''' ,''''Fast Times At Ridgemont High' is one of my favorite movies; it's a film that's a human comedy, it's a drama, and the characters all, in a way, fit the teenage archetypes, but they don't become stereotypes because each of the actors brought their own presence and their own personality to the screen.''' ,'''Superhero movies have become a genre unto themselves, and I didn't really grow up on superhero movies. I grew up on genre movies before superhero was a genre.''' ,'''I had a condition called gynecomastia - I had really big man-boobs, and I got a surgery for it.''' ,'''In this day and age, people have come to expect that artists are going to give everybody information on Twitter about what they're doing, but not every artist is like that. I'm not really like that.''' ,'''To me the most important thing is a good story, though I know how cliche that sounds.''' ,'''I was made fun of by a lot of other kids in such a way that I didn't feel like I was human.''' ,'''I knew that this was going to be questioned and it was going to come under skepticism as to why I left 'Star Wars'.''' ,'''Nobody starts out evil - we know that. It's life circumstances that lead them to that.''' ,]
+++