+++
author = "Jadakiss"
title = "Jadakiss Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jadakiss Quotes"
keywords = "jadakiss,jadakiss quotes,jadakiss quote,jadakiss sayings,jadakiss saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When we did the whole 'Let The Lox Go' campaign we was teenagers or in our early 20s.''' ,'''You know, hip hop is a big ferris wheel that goes around and you've just gotta be able to maintain yourself while it's going around.''' ,'''I had one of those tape players with a strap on it and the orange button - the old-school recorder - and I'd record songs by Roxanne Shante, Run-D.M.C. and Biz, Markie. I'd try and learn the words. I've been rhyming since I was a young fella. I used to win talent shows by break dancing and rapping.''' ,'''Timing is important with music.''' ,'''Diddy was trying to squeeze the life out of me. I felt like I don't wanna keep giving him my bars. Cause he's taking from my tank. I need all of these bars.''' ,'''A father figure is providing for you, as well as showing you things. A big brother is giving you the game and showing you things too - but a father figure is providing for you while he's showing you things, and raising you.''' ,'''I'm Kiss the artist, and Jason the father. It's my job.''' ,'''You can't let nobody step on your ego, dismantle your whole image for no reason.''' ,'''Before you drop an album, you need some momentum.''' ,'''My pops got his own coffee company. My pop distributes coffee.''' ,'''Things die down when you let them die down.''' ,'''Nothing is promised for long or forever, so you have to put something away for rainy days. Especially when you got kids.''' ,'''A lot of dudes have success, overnight success or one-year success but not many have ten, fifteen, twenty in this game so when you can do that is when I look up to you.''' ,'''Sonically, you gotta experiment sometimes.''' ,'''You can't keep doing the same things and expecting the same results. So as you get older, you should get wiser. You learn to invest. You learn what to invest in. Then you start having kids and life changes.''' ,'''The song 'Why' was always in my head. Three or four years, I always wanted to do a song called 'Why' and just ask wild questions. And I guess, strategically, after the 9/11 thing, it worked.''' ,'''My songs never really reach the ears of white America.''' ,'''Life is short, tomorrow's not promised, so to be there with my kids, and do things with them, and go on family vacations - this is more valuable than anything.''' ,'''I give you everything you want as an artist, for so long. Consistency. Wordplay. Wittiness. You can check the checklist. Only thing I don't check off on is album sales.''' ,'''A father figure is setting the blueprint, the model, the standard, the way for you to become a man and take on the world for yourself.''' ,'''Some people can only freestyle, some people can only make certain types of songs. I can do it all.''' ,'''You can't mix your personal feelings up with your job or it'll hurt you in the long run.''' ,'''Streetball ain't dead.''' ,'''I love going to weddings.''' ,'''My dream was to go to Syracuse. I wanted to be a part of the Orangemen. I actually thought I was going there up until around 10th grade when I knew that wasn't really going to happen, so I started pursuing rap.''' ,'''You gotta keep working, baby. You gotta work. I got kids, I got bills, I like nice things - always buying cars and watches. I'm a sneaker-head.''' ,'''I'm a perfect driver.''' ,'''I love what Griselda is doing. It's not the norm and they got out of that box everyone tried to put them in. They created their own highway.''' ,'''With me having this raspy voice, people always asked when I was going to sing on a song. When I was going at it with 50, people were saying I don't sing on my own hooks. That always stuck in my head and people always told me I had to use my own voice not just to rap.''' ,'''Politics runs music more than talent runs music.''' ,'''No matter you a rapper, actor, ball player, figure skater, some people gonna like you some people ain't, you just hope that the majority is more like than dislike.''' ,'''It's all about the fans at the end of the day, because when they don't want you here, you ain't going to be here.''' ,'''One of the catches with being a dope artist is saying the same exact thing a trillion different ways, and being able to get across somehow differently every time. The way to express maturity and growth and evolution is to do that throughout the music.''' ,'''I really like South Beach.''' ,'''You can be a video vixen and be snobby, or you can be a college girl and be snobby, or you can be vice versa and down-to-earth. It depends really on the personality of the individual. I don't judge.''' ,'''Creating the perfect lyrics is not a process, it's just something that comes in your brain.''' ,'''I reap benefits outside of work, as well as hardships because of work. You deal with it. It's no different than your favorite actor or your favorite ballplayer. You pinch us, we still gotta go 'ouch.' Some people think your life is so vainglorious that you're unpinchable.''' ,'''You only can do what you can do. Just make sure you're pleased with it as a individual and then you know some people gonna like it some people ain't, that's just part of the game.''' ,'''I don't need the big accolades when I die. Hit me with a couple good little ones: Kiss, one of the best voices in rap history.''' ,'''A healthy lifestyle is the only lifestyle.''' ,'''Some dudes get stubborn and get characterized as, you know, you getting a couple of dollars, selling a couple records, your flow is alright and the people got you gassed, and then you start putting yourself in a bubble and you don't want to blend in with the new and what's going on.''' ,'''I don't care if I get nominated for fifty-eight Grammys, the day I can't go back to where I came from, I quit.''' ,'''You have to give the crowd energy to feed off of and they will give it back. If you go on stage acting sluggish and nonchalant, that's how the crowd will be. But if you let them know you appreciate them and do call and response, you'll get a good reception.''' ,'''I encourage young artists to learn the business.''' ,'''Videos is the worst. Let me make it clear: Videos suck. It sucks making a video. It's happy when it's over and edited and online, but making it, it ain't really too much fun.''' ,'''It's bigger than the music. You have to have a personality, you have to have a character you have to have a good rapport with people. Those are things that also give you longevity.''' ,'''My voice is my own instrument that I use to rap.''' ,'''There's some discographies out there that are therapeutic to listen to before you write.''' ,'''My mom and pop took me to the Apollo Theater on my thirteenth birthday to see Heavy D and Keith Sweat. It was late at night, up on 125th Street, and it was crazy!''' ,'''I'll kiss the game goodbye when I no longer have the passion and love for it.''' ,'''If there's five dudes on a song, probably three of them are only really good.''' ,'''That's one of the luxuries of being able to do mixtapes, it's that you can do something different or you can do anything you want to do, how you're feeling at the time.''' ,'''I like Young Thug. A lot of people might think I don't like Thug. I listen to Thug more than I listen to a lot of them. You got to listen to the music and absorb it. Some people might see him on the centerfold or something and just automatically judge him. You got to listen.''' ,'''Being able to blend with the new kids and the youth will give you longevity and will put legs on your career.''' ,'''Battling is therapeutic for Hip Hop, but you can't take it serious. I mean, you got to take it because when you're preparing your material for your opponent but when it affects your heart or when you let it get too personal... you got to have fun with it.''' ,'''You can't be a sore loser or a sore fan.''' ,'''For 'We Are the Streets,' we'd just gotten off Bad Boy. So we were just back in our element and were going up to Powerhouse every night just creating.''' ,'''Having Styles and Sheek as my brothers and my partners makes it easier to work with anybody 'cause that's the bar of bars right there. Being in the sandwich of them two, you can throw me in the cage with lions and I'll feel comfortable because everyday I'm at bloodsport with them.''' ,'''My track record - the bars, the delivery, the flow and the voice - makes Jadakiss top five dead or alive.''' ,'''Your fans grow as you grow, it's best you grow together.''' ,'''The 'Ignatius' album means a lot to me - it celebrates the life of my brother Icepick Jay, another one we lost too soon.''' ,'''My mom had wild records, like Luther Vandross, Michael Jackson and the Whispers. But the first record I bought was 'Rapper's Delight.' It had a sky-blue cover with a rainbow. My aunt gave me money to get it, and I played it over and over on the record player.''' ,'''When I create lyrics, I just go off of energy. Sometimes I write down my lyrics on my phone and most times I remember the lyrics in my head.''' ,'''Rap's the only music that they categorize like that. That's one thing that I hate, like, down South rap, or up North rap. Country is just country rather than wherever it's from. R&B, you don't call it Atlanta R&B, you know what I mean. So that's already like a shot at our culture.''' ,'''I think praying is very important. I'm not going to say that I'm very religious and I don't go to church as much as I should probably, but I definitely pray more than the average person. I'm a man of the Lord.''' ,'''Well, my family used to live in Atlanta a few years back so I always had a good relationship with all the artists down there, as well as artists from Houston and Memphis, before the South took over, I was already like a family member of the South so there's always love.''' ,'''I always needed a Ty Dolla $ign feature because I'm a big fan of his and he always asked when I was going to send him a record.''' ,'''I think every artist, producer, believe's that it's going to happen at some point and time. You never want to just hear that you not gonna make it.''' ,'''You don't get what you ask for, you get what you negotiate in this business.''' ,'''It's important for Black and Latino men to go to the doctor in general. We don't get checked up enough unless something hurts or we feel a lump or something like that.''' ,'''Learn the business as much as you can before you sign anything.''' ,'''I don't think people educate themselves enough.''' ,'''To be critically acclaimed, to get a Grammy, to be on MTV, you gotta talk about current events. You gotta talk about controversy, just stuff people want to hear. At the same time, you gotta get a message across.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong with working with no artist from any type of demographic, but you've still got to maintain what you do on whatever track it is.''' ,'''The art of remaining consistent is keeping your ear to the street and the new music. Embracing the culture for what it is. You can't get a nice heat wave and then forget about the people. The more you put out music, the more strength and power you possess.''' ,'''It's a beautiful thing when the young guys grew up off you, or they embrace you and respect your craft. They always call for me like 'Kiss, this is going to solidify me to get a joint with you.' That makes you feel proud as an artist.''' ,'''I think Damian Lillard is the best lyricist to be in the NBA or play basketball.''' ,'''It's hard to make a career.''' ,'''I could go in and make albums how Master P was doing it every three months but I don't want to do that. I could probably do it and make a lot of money and all that but I would disappoint myself.''' ,'''The music I do is for the streets.''' ,'''After getting off Bad Boy and then finally getting on with the Ruff Ryders/Interscope deal, it was like being able to exhale. The studio sessions were a lot different than the Bad Boy studio sessions. Like, we were able to just do anything we want.''' ,'''I see a lot of dudes that don't take care of their families. I always said I wouldn't never be like that.''' ,'''That's one thing I learned from B.I.G. He was always heavy on versatility. I'm able to take an R&B record and rip it the same way I rip a regular freestyle or a hardcore beat, be able to put that same twang and seasoning on anything you do.''' ,'''A limo is corny. It's extra long. You feel stiff when you get out.''' ,'''The people love when you give them a part of you. You know what I mean? Those are the most successful artists. Artists with a story to tell when the people can feel that they are growing with you.''' ,'''The top five producers that I have a creative chemistry with are Swizz Beatz, The Alchemist, Vinny Idol, Pharrell and Timbaland.''' ,'''I always wanted to make a song like 'Why' even before my second album. It was just something I always had in my mind. But when I got the beat from Havoc, it was like the perfect beat, I felt... I wanted to get some questions I thought everybody... felt like 'why?' to.''' ,'''Kids give you their most honest opinion and that's a beautiful thing. They don't care about hurting your feelings, they're just getting their point across whether they like it or not and sometimes you need that.''' ,'''It's a business, when you understand what's going on in America, you'll know that the way they portrayed 9/11 to happen, is definitely not what happened. Do I know what happened? Definitely not.''' ,'''There's a lot of one-hit wonders and a lot of come-and-go artists and even the labels give up on you after a couple years.''' ,'''We came from where people don't look like they have money anyway. We came up in an era where the dudes who had all of the money looked regular, the same way you see billionaires in some run down shoes or old jeans. You see how Warren Buffett, Bill Gates and those dudes dress. Even in our era, the dudes with the money weren't flashy.''' ,'''You're supposed to grow as you get older.''' ,'''I try to make my schedule around parent-teacher conferences, school plays, and school trips.''' ,'''I would tell a young Jadakiss, learn the game as much as you learn how to rap, as seriously you take a 16-bar verse, take every contract and every meeting and every opportunity to listen and learn, you know what I'm saying. Keep that at a parallel.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm a basketball fan in general.''' ,'''I got a lot of fans, like core fans, that love me. I ain't one of the dudes that sell five or 10 million brackets, but my followers are stern. They're there. My fans - Jadakiss fans, LOX fans, D-Block fans - they loyal.''' ,'''It's definitely a beautiful thing to have a little trademark or something that sets you out from everybody else.''' ,'''If you've got the power of the streets and the people, anything can happen and good music will always come to the top.''' ,'''Controversy sells, politics sell, all that type of stuff sells.''' ,'''I need to do something with Cordae. His mannerism is so cool but his bars... he got them bars that puts him in an elite thing.''' ,]
+++