+++
author = "Kathy Reichs"
title = "Kathy Reichs Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Kathy Reichs Quotes"
keywords = "kathy reichs,kathy reichs quotes,kathy reichs quote,kathy reichs sayings,kathy reichs saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you want to be an anthropologist, you need to study physical anthropology specialized in bones. If you want to be a forensic chemist, get a degree in chemistry. Do you want to do DNA work? Get a degree in microbiology. And do well. Study hard and go to graduate school.''' ,'''At first I probably seem very abrupt, but I like efficiency. There's work and there's play, and I always think: 'Let's get the work over with so we can thoroughly enjoy the play.'''' ,'''You'd be naive if you think you are going to retain any control once you option a character to TV.''' ,'''What gives my books authenticity is that I actually do what it is I'm writing about. I think the fact that I am in the autopsy room, I go to the crime scene and I do work in the lab gives my books this flavor that otherwise they wouldn't have.''' ,'''I do interviews and signings and readings and all of these people just hang off my every word. And then I go home and have dinner with my family and nobody lets me get a word in.''' ,'''I tend to watch a lot of movies at home. It's nice to be close to the refrigerator with my pyjamas on and just relax.''' ,'''I originally worked as an archaeologist in North Carolina, and when bones were found police would take them out to the bones lady at the university, and that was me.''' ,'''One of the surprising things I hadn't expected when I decided to write crime fiction is how much you are expected to be out in front of the public. Some writers aren't comfortable with that. I don't have a problem with that.''' ,'''People love to hate the gravedigger.''' ,'''I work with the dead, but I am working for the living.''' ,'''I've never lost my capacity to be shocked.''' ,'''Murder mysteries are puzzles that are fun to resolve.''' ,'''Many fiction writers who put the science in don't get it right.''' ,'''I've been accused of being a minimalist writer. I don't like a lot of verbiage in there.''' ,'''Bones tell me the story of a person's life - how old they were, what their gender was, their ancestral background.''' ,'''I'm not writing great literature. I'm writing commercial fiction for people to enjoy the stories and to like the characters.''' ,'''I was a university professor, I could talk on and on and on. Give me a podium and you have to drag me off with a hook.''' ,'''My first book was the most successful debut novel in the U.K. ever and every one of my books has reached number one in the U.K. Clearly the British know brilliance when they see it.''' ,]
+++