+++
author = "Lena Headey"
title = "Lena Headey Quotes"
quotes_len = "74"
description = "the best 74 Lena Headey Quotes"
keywords = "lena headey,lena headey quotes,lena headey quote,lena headey sayings,lena headey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I carry about eight lip balms: Burt's Bees, Rosebud Salve, Eos.''' ,'''Cersei in 'Game of Thrones' is quite solid and stiff.''' ,'''I think I cry when I'm angry. I let it go that way.''' ,'''There is something in the act of having tattoos done that I love. It can be quite addictive. I've got a few on my back because my friend is an artist, and a few on my arms. Every time I pass a tattoo parlour, I think, 'Maybe just a tiny one.'''' ,'''I've got quite a big gay following. I played a lesbian prostitute in the TV series 'Band Of Gold' but I think my following really grew when I played one in the film 'Imagine Me & You,' with Piper Perabo.''' ,'''One day I can be ecstatically up, and the next, I can feel this real blankness, a deadness almost, which is scary.''' ,'''Some 'Terminator' fans are outraged that I'm playing Sarah Connor. They think I'm not muscly enough. To be honest, I'm a little tired of the comparisons to Linda Hamilton. I know she will always be the original Sarah Connor, but when people see what I bring to the role, they will look at her with new eyes.''' ,'''I find 'Chainsaw' to be a very relaxing film.''' ,'''That scene in 'The Purge' where my kids, Mary's kids, are in danger was really crazy for me, because I suddenly... I have my methods as an actor, so I went to the place of 'If somebody came near my children, with bad intent?'''' ,'''Really, I still just think of myself as a Northerner, ultimately. It's in my DNA. I'll always have those Northern qualities. We can be mischievous. We can be bold.''' ,'''Since being quite young, I've had a very strong sense of independence and survival. As a child, I was on my own two feet emotionally.''' ,'''I worked in Tesco's staff canteen because I fancied a boy on the tills. I served him his lunch in a hairnet and tan tights. Not just that, of course - I had a lovely white onesie.''' ,'''I love being physical, but I am extreme either way. I can be superfit. And then I can be really lazy and ignore everything.''' ,'''I love the chance to train with someone like Mark Twight.''' ,'''I hate being looked at. Can't stand it. I know, I know - I picked the wrong career. I should have been a doctor. If you play certain parts you have this nice face painted on you, and then you have feel as if you have a responsibility to this idea of being beautiful. I hate that about our business.''' ,'''It's amazing the things that you cry at. I cry when I smell my son's hair in the morning. We have a moment of peace and I'll be like, 'Ahhhh! How can you love this much?'''' ,'''I usually bring along a bottle of kombucha, thinking, 'This will be really good for me.' But I never actually drink it. The fermented mushroom-y flavor is too intense for me.''' ,'''It's a feeling without a lid, of what you would do, physically, verbally, to protect the one thing that is your greatest love.''' ,'''I'm small but quite tough. When incensed, I can swing a punch.''' ,'''Maybe you just don't see your own beauty.''' ,'''I have a scary side of me.''' ,'''I urge everyone - men, boys, women and girls - to join me in standing up for girls' rights with Plan U.K.''' ,'''I like to keep my personal life private.''' ,'''I look at someone like Kathryn Bigelow, and I have so much admiration. She's playing in the boy's sandpit, and winning.''' ,'''I've been working a long time, and mostly European films.''' ,'''Nothing I do is by design. It's always the result of a happy accident. I didn't have a career plan. It has just become the way it is. It's all good fun.''' ,'''You couldn't get less royal than me.''' ,'''Having the tattoo itself is not really for the end result for me. I like having them done.''' ,'''There's nothing more exciting for an actor than a chance to lose, to be someone who has lost - especially if it's someone who starts off with a veneer of control. To be broken is wonderful.''' ,'''Does our culture have a need for violence? I don't know. I guess it's a personal thing.''' ,'''I don't take anything for granted.''' ,'''I do what I do; I can't control who thinks what.''' ,'''Shooting guns is not something I would do in my spare time. I really don't understand why Americans can purchase guns so easily and why they use them for sporting purposes.''' ,'''I'm 40 next year and I'm very well aware that where I am now, it becomes a bit of a wilderness for actresses.''' ,'''I drink a lot of coffee.''' ,'''If I was into politics, I would be rich.''' ,'''I think I look slightly like a horse. Hand on heart, I think I'm pretty average.''' ,'''I would love to work with Shane Meadows - great director.''' ,'''Nothing's ever allowed to just be entertaining. We have to talk about it.''' ,'''I've said from day one that I've got no problem with nudity. I've done it throughout my career.''' ,'''Getting older and having kids, you learn how to become less serious about it all.''' ,'''I'd like to play Walter White, but I guess that's been done.''' ,'''I was never one of the cool kids who read '2000 AD.'''' ,'''I miss that London thing of walking outside and bumping into mates and going, 'Do you want to get a pint?'''' ,'''There is always that thought that you might get stuck with a character. But there's always the notion that every character is always evolving.''' ,'''I could quite happily run a florist or a bake shop.''' ,'''A lady of a certain age must keep her top on. That's what I feel.''' ,'''I'd love to do a comedy. Umm, I don't know when that will happen - maybe when I'm, like, 80 or something. But yeah, I'd love to. I'm just waiting for the right person to see my hilarious nature and offer me a comedy.''' ,'''I'm dreadful at schmoozing at Hollywood parties.''' ,'''I took up boxing as a fitness thing. I got obsessed, and I would go every day when I wasn't working. It's just an insane sport when you get into it.''' ,'''I've never directed before, so I need to make sure that people know that I can. The movie that I've written, 'The Sophisticates,' is a... small ensemble comedy and I hope it's charming and funny.''' ,'''I don't want to be owned by anyone.''' ,'''I'm sad I'm not in 'The Purge 2.'''' ,'''One day I was in school, and the next I was acting opposite Jeremy Irons. That's how quickly it happened. I was in class and then working with Sir Anthony Hopkins.''' ,''''Dredd' was a weird little out-of-the-blue thing for me.''' ,'''I don't think you should feel guilty about pleasure. Defeats the purpose.''' ,'''I was obsessed with vampires when I was 13 or 14.''' ,'''Sometimes it's a bizarre, fairly cold, and horrifying thing to be a parent.''' ,'''As a teenager I was clinically depressed. Although I had lots of friends, I found those years very difficult.''' ,'''There's a perceived inverse relation between looks and talent. Look at Charlize Theron - she made herself ugly for 'Monster' and suddenly everyone said 'she's a genius.' It shouldn't be like that.''' ,''''Lost Boys' is one of my all-time faves. I just thought it would be great to be a vampire. I remember this movie called 'Once Bitten,' which is about an '80s sort of power girl who became a vampire and was really, like, sexy. Hair like she was from 'Dallas,' shoulder pads, big earrings.''' ,'''There seems to be great roles for women, and it's not necessarily - you don't have to be young women. Suddenly, we're realizing that, generally, women are interesting, and they can also be weird and crazy and mean.''' ,'''I'm a tomboy. I used to get into a lot of fights. Don't know why - self-expression, I guess.''' ,'''I always have scarves handy; they're my indulgence. I buy them at an L.A. shop called Lost & Found. I'll spray one with loads of my Byredo Gypsy Water perfume, put it on and be like, 'Ah, this feels good.'''' ,'''For me, horror movies are a real escape.''' ,'''I almost never get recognised in the street.''' ,'''Getting the role in '300' saved me. I'd been out of work for 11 months after 'The Brothers Grimm.' Once the film came out and didn't do so well, the director Terry Gilliam blamed me for absolutely everything. It was pretty appalling, and I had started to wonder if I'd ever get another job again when I was asked to audition for '300.'''' ,'''I'd love to have played Joan of Arc. That would have been amazing.''' ,'''There's no snobbery in me.''' ,'''I am very much a seat-of-the-pants actor. I will prepare when I have to. But I like being unprepared.''' ,'''With fantasy and sci-fi, it's based in a real fandom. You're presenting to experts, and their source material is really important to them. They'll come up and ask: 'so when you turned your head slightly in that scene, what were you thinking?'''' ,'''I have an internal protectiveness where it's like, if it comes to just me, as frightened as I am of losing someone I love or things going sour or simply being alone, there is a dark place in my brain where I'm like, It could happen and I'm okay, I'm prepared.''' ,'''I'm sort of like a T. rex in the world of female actresses. Every time a job is finished, I look at my car and think, 'Could I live in it?'''' ,'''People who never get anxious always amaze me. The world could be breaking up, and they're saying, 'Everything's fine!'''' ,]
+++