+++
author = "Joshua Leonard"
title = "Joshua Leonard Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Joshua Leonard Quotes"
keywords = "joshua leonard,joshua leonard quotes,joshua leonard quote,joshua leonard sayings,joshua leonard saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm really proud of Blair Witch Project as a film, but as far as the cultural phenomenon of it - that was just weird luck.''' ,'''Actors are such an insecure breed.''' ,'''I've done almost 20 films and I still worry about not finding the next one.''' ,'''Sony could have $50 million and a sound stage and A-list actors and never make the same film. The constraints on this film became the essence of this film, became the power of this film.''' ,'''Being behind a camera, in front of the camera, is my own little deconstructionist niche.''' ,'''The first thing I do when I read a part is see if I can identify emotionally with a character. If I make that connection, everything else is just working on knowing their life circumstances and manifesting those through practice and research.''' ,'''I would love to direct some day. It's a good job for a control freak.''' ,'''We ended up with 19 hours of footage and had to narrow it down to an hour and a half. Our instructions were to film everything that came up, including the more mundane moments.''' ,'''Mike and Heather and I rapped once or twice in New York and then we all wound up on a train together on the way out to Maryland. I think it was about a month and a half from the time we got cast until the time we shot the thing.''' ,'''I'm less interested in slasher, and go more for roles that can affect you on a personal level. I'm interested in human empathy in the movies I see, and in the ones I am a part of.''' ,'''I think as long as there are folks on the fringe who want to make movies, the indie scene will still be around. I do think it's getting harder to get them seen though.''' ,'''I ultimately have faith though, that good films will find their audience.''' ,'''We hit a stride where all self-consciousness disappeared.''' ,'''Pain is pain, joy is joy - you can't avoid bringing pieces of yourself into a role.''' ,'''In horror, character development is often pushed aside in favor of the shock value. The best genre movies to me are movies like The Shining. You had a connection to the characters in that film.''' ,'''Even in the realest American cinema that I see, there's still not that sense that this is reality. There's still that sense that you are watching a movie. And hopefully, if we did get our jobs right, that sense disappears when you watch this movie.''' ,]
+++