+++
author = "Ray Romano"
title = "Ray Romano Quotes"
quotes_len = "77"
description = "the best 77 Ray Romano Quotes"
keywords = "ray romano,ray romano quotes,ray romano quote,ray romano sayings,ray romano saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just don't want to play the same guy again over and over.''' ,'''I think that as actors age, the work becomes more organic to them.''' ,'''I've always wondered, what am I going to do that's important with these stupid jokes that I tell.''' ,'''If I'm really considering doing film from now on then that is the smart thing to do, or you can go either way. You can just do the same character over and over again and make a different comedy like over and over again.''' ,'''You don't want to shock them and do something totally opposite, but you also want to play a different character.''' ,'''I want to do well and I want to fit in.''' ,'''My joke used to be about my father and Peter Boyle: that anything you see Peter Boyle do on TV, my father has done in real life without pants on.''' ,'''As successful as it may appear I am, I don't really feel that. It's like, you know you've achieved some level of success, and you know what you've done, and yet you still feel you have more to do and more to prove.''' ,'''I don't want to be a spokesman for family values, but that's the way my standup is perceived.''' ,'''I do still get intimidated by certain things.''' ,'''If golf wasn't enjoyable and there wasn't a lot of humor and enjoyment, even though the game is so frustrating, you would wonder why you put yourself through it.''' ,'''In stand-up, there's that idea that comedy comes from a dark place, but it's not a rule.''' ,'''It's my insecurity that makes me want to be a comic, that makes me need the audience.''' ,'''Every backstory involves my father. I remember hearing Gary Oldman talking about backstories and saying, 'I got to stop using my father...' And I feel the same way. I don't know. What I come up with always involves some element of this son trying to prove himself to his father.''' ,'''The first time I played golf was in Flushing Meadows, Queens, when I was about 16 or 17. They had an 18-hole pitch-and-putt. My buddies and I would hop the fence and sneak on and play.''' ,'''I'm aging, and the world is seeing it.''' ,'''Anna would be just as happy with me if I were a plumber. As a matter of fact, when she married me, I was working at a bank and living at home. I didn't move out until I was 29!''' ,'''In school, I wasn't a very good student - I was very irresponsible and never did the studying but always liked to get the laugh.''' ,'''Everyone should have kids. They are the greatest joy in the world. But they are also terrorists. You'll realize this as soon as they're born, and they start using sleep deprivation to break you.''' ,'''I lived at home till I was 29.''' ,'''When you're in the living room every week for nine years as one character, it's hard for some people to see you as someone else.''' ,'''I don't get sick.''' ,'''I never want to give up stand-up. Because I still get a thrill out of it.''' ,'''When I started out, Jay Leno used to say you're not as good as you think you can be until at least your sixth year. I was like, what the hell is he talking about? 'Cause I was in my third year, and I thought, 'I got this.' I kept videos of myself performing, and in my fifth year I watched my third year and realized he couldn't have been more right.''' ,'''I love standup and I haven't given it up.''' ,'''I didn't want to have to follow 'Everybody Loves Raymond' with another sitcom. Let it be my sitcom legacy, and leave it at that.''' ,'''I feel like this is a dream - and I apologize for how I dressed some of you.''' ,'''My career has been my craziest adventure.''' ,'''I live in L.A. Now.''' ,'''I still got my hair, I'm not fat.''' ,'''You know, before I would think, my cab driver hates me. Now I think my limo driver hates me.''' ,'''I go to Hooters for lunch every day. Then for coffee.''' ,'''The comics that are just conversing with you up there and drawing on their own life, yeah, I guess so. I guess some do political humor, some do topical humor, but the ones that I like, the ones that are appealing to me, were guys who were just talking to you about their life.''' ,'''I see the bad in everything I do.''' ,'''People are going to see both of us and think it's an Abbott and Costello kind of thing. It's not an easy switch. It's not an easy transition from TV to film.''' ,'''I was wracked with insecurity.''' ,'''You know, a TV show is a slow build.''' ,'''I like doing film, you know, single-camera.''' ,'''I have this mistress: show business.''' ,'''If I had never gotten famous or rich, I think I'd be equally neurotic.''' ,'''I'm from New York.''' ,'''You're only as good as your last joke, your last show, your last whatever. The confidence is there, but underneath, there is always insecurity.''' ,'''After 'Raymond,' there was this big feeling of, 'What do I do next?'''' ,'''My hair was long - in my high school year book, I looked like an ugly David Cassidy.''' ,'''I don't want to say work is who I am, but some people feel more centered and more whole when they're producing and creating.''' ,'''My kids are growing up and it's hard to accept they are their own person and they're independent.''' ,'''I'm at an age where crying is easier for me now. I like it. I can cry at a poignant commercial; I can cry at a - this is a running joke in my house, but... a good 'Star-Spangled Banner' can make me cry. I'm not kidding.''' ,'''I have the show because I'm insecure. It's my insecurity that makes me want to be a comic, that makes me need the audience.''' ,'''I would get my student loans, get money, register and never really go. It was a system I thought would somehow pan out.''' ,'''I like a good cry - it's cathartic; it's a release. But I've never been able to be so free to do that on camera the way some actors can.''' ,'''I'm a 14 handicap. Anyone who golfs knows what that means. I shoot 90 to a hundred or, once in a while, 85.''' ,'''The only thing I miss from the sitcom format is that immediate gratification of when you're, if we're talking about comedy, of the live audience.''' ,'''I have some classes in accounting, but I don't know anything about accounting. I - you know, when my accountant tells me all the things he does, it's a foreign language to me.''' ,'''The best comedy, I feel, comes in a drama because it balances each other out.''' ,'''I can't complain about my career, that's for sure.''' ,'''I just go to work, come home. And my wife lets me throw my clothes on the floor, and she doesn't say anything, so I must be making some money.''' ,'''It seems to be a common denominator with a lot of comics, this low self-esteem thing.''' ,'''I don't watch 'Mad Men.'''' ,'''I don't think men talk as much as women, but when we have something on our minds we'll get it out.''' ,'''When you go to standup, there seems to be a common denominator of some form of need or want for validation from the audience that maybe you were lacking as a kid.''' ,'''Doris Roberts had an energy and a spirit that amazed me. She never stopped. Whether working professionally or with her many charities or just nurturing and mentoring a green young comic trying to make it as an actor, she did everything with such a grand love for life and people, and I will miss her dearly.''' ,'''I'm a little different from the average dude because I'm on high-def TV now.''' ,'''Whenever I walk off the golf course, I thank God that I'm able to tell a joke. I thank God I'm good at something.''' ,'''My favorite band - and Bobby Cannavale and Terry Winter have already made fun of me for this - is Chicago.''' ,'''I remember I did the movie 'Eulogy,' and there was a dramatic moment in it. It was pretty heavy, and I went for it. It was... I didn't feel that comfortable doing it.''' ,'''My wife gets all the money I make. I just get an apple and clean clothes every morning.''' ,'''I married a saint - well, a saint who curses.''' ,'''Well, I'm a 14 handicap. Anyone who golfs knows what that means.''' ,'''Right after 'Raymond' I had a world-is-my-oyster attitude, but I found out I don't like oysters. I had this existential emptiness. 'What is my purpose? Who am I?' I had a big identity crisis.''' ,'''I still feel like an immature idiot inside, but I look in the mirror and - as a friend of mine once said- this old guy keeps getting in the way.''' ,'''I'm always giving myself the Alzheimer's test. My shrink told me to do this. It takes one minute. You name every word that comes to mind that begins with the letter F.''' ,'''The successful golfers - they're like astronauts or pilots. They have that demeanor that they can focus and stay within that one moment and nothing distracts them. That's not me.''' ,'''I still do standup.''' ,'''Each day it's like: 'How many more days am I going to feel young and vibrant? I feel young and vibrant now, but I also feel the aches and pains a little bit.''' ,'''If my father had hugged me even once, I'd be an accountant right now.''' ,'''I do what I do because I love it.''' ,'''I realized I need to work. I need to be creative. As much as I have angst and anxiety, when I'm idle, it's even more. I have to keep moving. Otherwise, I catch up with myself.''' ,]
+++