+++
author = "Gallagher"
title = "Gallagher Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Gallagher Quotes"
keywords = "gallagher,gallagher quotes,gallagher quote,gallagher sayings,gallagher saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I need wrong to get laughs. I need a normal world so that I can be abnormal, and that's my problem. Comedians need prejudice.''' ,'''People don't know how to behave in public anymore.''' ,'''I know that I am an excellent live performer. I know that I have spent my life paying attention to my art form, developing my art form, worrying about my show and what it is I'm bringing to people, making sure that I give them a fine trade. They get a two-hour show, sometimes a three-hour show, for a decent price.''' ,'''I know what people laugh at. I know their vocabulary.''' ,'''Detroit is drunken idiots. It was no surprise to me. I performed with Kenny Rogers for one year as his opening act, and I got to visit every major American city and notice the audience, and Detroit was one of the worst.''' ,'''I don't say that I'm going to be like every other comic that's blue, or gratuitous use of language. I do try to have my own standards: I don't do everything the audience wants, and I do try to surprise them.''' ,'''I was the first one to allow a projectile to come off of the stage and into the audience. And I kind of take responsibility for the mosh pit.''' ,'''I don't want to overthrow the government. I wanna fire 'em.''' ,'''Parents are trying to be friends with their kids rather than draw the line and tell them what proper public behavior would be.''' ,'''I have spent my life paying attention to my art form, developing my art form, worrying about my show and what I'm bringing to people, making sure that I give them a fine trade.''' ,]
+++