+++
author = "Sara Cox"
title = "Sara Cox Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Sara Cox Quotes"
keywords = "sara cox,sara cox quotes,sara cox quote,sara cox sayings,sara cox saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I really love 'Broad City' and Lena Dunham's 'Girls,' which I missed when it was first on years ago.''' ,'''I don't think your twenties are for fitness, but when I got to my thirties I started to get fit.''' ,'''I love doing 'The Breakfast Show,' I like waking up with people and it will be hard to stop.''' ,'''I think my peak 90s moment was posing on a Harley-Davidson outside the Met Bar with Wyclef Jean.''' ,'''I don't really trust people who don't like dogs. We always had dogs on the farm I grew up on near Bolton.''' ,'''I've always seen kids with parents who were still together as quite posh.''' ,'''I go to body combat classes. There's something very tribal about being in a room with 30 other women punching and kicking!''' ,'''There isn't really a typical day in my life, I kind of wish there was, but it always starts too early, there are always lots of children running around, normally my own and not just random children, and there'll be the routine of the school run and walking the dog to start the day.''' ,'''When I turned 40, I noticed I couldn't read the label on the back of a jar of food - it turned to be the result of presbyopia where the lens of the eye loses its ability to focus on near objects due to age. So now I wear multifocal contact lenses - and they've been a real blessing.''' ,'''When I'm on telly, I feel a bit trussed up and I hate make-up and it does put weight on you and I look and see my chins.''' ,'''I'm quite laidback.''' ,'''I can't do heels - I look like a cowboy in drag. I've a terrible gait, and I'm more at home in wellies, riding boots or trainers. With my dad being a farmer, I was raised in a welly.''' ,'''If I go to heaven, I'd like Phillip and Fern or Richard and Judy - if they die first - to be waiting for me with a big plate of pork pies with piccalilli. A comforting thought.''' ,'''I loved 'Cagney and Lacey;' they were absolutely awesome.''' ,'''If I wear lipstick, my lips take over my face - I've got one of those mouths - so I stick to gloss or lip balm.''' ,'''I would get fit after having each of my children but it was always slightly tainted with guilt because I would feel guilty if they were with a nanny or at nursery while I was working out.''' ,'''It would come as quite a shock to my younger self that my first job was modelling. I was scouted, aged 18, when I went to Paris to visit my older sister, Yvonne, who was at uni there.''' ,'''I'm really quite girly.''' ,'''I'm sure Zoe Ball and Donna Air, and Nic and Nat Appleton - we'll go to the grave with our '90s secrets.''' ,'''I like skinny jeans with Nikes or brogues.''' ,'''I'd like to do radio forever, really. I prefer it to telly. It's more immediate and I'm in control of it all.''' ,'''Believe me, there's nothing worse than the feeling in the pit of your stomach when you're sat in the back of a taxi, listening to someone else doing your show as you dash to the studio.''' ,'''My brain is always whizzing around with worries: could I have done an interview better? Have I prepared enough for the next one? If it's really bad, I'll listen to an audiobook or use the Headspace app, and then my brain usually goes back to sleep.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of reading.''' ,'''I'm obsessed by food and flavours.''' ,'''I'm really good at turning off lights, it's a working-class thing.''' ,'''It sometimes takes me a fortnight to unpack. I find it so depressing. A bit of sand will come out of a shoe and it'll just take me back to where we were: lovely and relaxed on holiday.''' ,'''I always hated the thought of not having two pennies to rub together.''' ,'''I love finding out how authors work, because it can either go full Carrie in 'Homeland,' with loads of Post-it Notes and string on the wall and they know everything that's happening in the plot - or they let the characters tell them where they want to go and what happens next.''' ,'''I try to eat 'real' food as much as I can; often I'll shove a load of ingredients - spinach, an apple or whatever's knocking about - in my NutriBullet. Nothing beats a bit of buttery toast though! I think a little bit of what you fancy does you good.''' ,'''I do sometimes joke that I'm Tarzan and Ben's Jane when it comes to dealing with spiders or if there's dead things in the garden.''' ,'''When I was really little, I wanted to be a vet. My four older siblings and I grew up on my dad's beef farm near Bolton, and I loved all our animals.''' ,'''My food villain is salt. I'd love to be have the odd ready meal as a lazy treat, but some contain 33% of your salt intake! i just cant do it to myself!''' ,'''On one trip to the south of France, when I was just pregnant with Isaac, I got a horrendous stomach upset and the whole holiday was a washout. I had to go and have blood tests and my poor other half had to look after Lola because I was so ill.''' ,'''I like hip-hop, I like a lot of dance music. If it's got drums in it.''' ,'''Women need to be treated equally as men, but there are issues with the term feminist and people balk at that.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with the BBC comedy 'Mum.'''' ,'''Like most people, I'm on my phone a lot during the day, there are always work emails coming in or emails persuading me to buy more shoes. Honestly, I'm probably on my phone a bit too much. I'm addicted to Twitter and Instagram.''' ,'''There's not a lot of food eaten by models. I didn't really eat.''' ,'''About once every three and a half weeks, I need a Big Mac, but after that I'm fine.''' ,'''Radio 2 feels like I'm still at the pub with all my friends but now my father-in-law has joined the table. But I love it. If I was a stick of rock I'd have BBC written through me.''' ,'''On telly, if it's not the right kind of show, I revert back to my 'Girlie Show' persona, become this daft, bawdy caricature of myself and I'm not actually like that, I'm actually quite - not clever, but smart with my words.''' ,'''God, I hate the whole ladette thing. The more distance I get and look back at my party days, the more I'm kinda pleased I did it because it's the last thing I'd want to do now.''' ,'''When I was working for Radio 1 in Ibiza I stayed in a horrible place with a tiny window and really noisy air conditioning - the last thing you need in Ibiza, where you're often a little bit the worse for wear at the end of the night.''' ,'''I do like my little smoothie in the morning with a bit of spinach, a bit of Manuka honey and some frozen fruit.''' ,'''I recommend to any women just to find a gym that's got proper women there; lots of mums and lots of regular shaped women.''' ,'''Who would think the Sara Cox of the '90s would be so bang into long johns?''' ,'''There are so many occasions when I'd like to go back in time and have a word with myself.''' ,'''I catastrophise.''' ,'''I'm always painted as a party girl, which was true for my 20s. It's taken a long time to shake off that gobby, in-your-face image. I'm actually quite chilled out.''' ,'''My dad is a farmer, so I used to love watching 'All Creatures Great and Small' - that's where I got most of my death and drama.''' ,'''I don't fit into the yummy mummy box, I'm not a party girl anymore, I'm just me.''' ,'''Some jobs you do because they pay the bills. Other jobs nourish the soul.''' ,'''You've just got to give yourself a break sometimes.''' ,'''In the 80s, mum used to make a beautiful beef in red wine sauce, which I thought very exotic. And an incredible chilli con carne, with baked beans so it wasn't too spicy for us. Later, when I asked for the recipes, she said: 'I don't know - they were Colman's or Schwartz's packet mixes.' It completely ruined it for me.''' ,'''I'm very partial to an early night in my jammies.''' ,'''I try to avoid showbusiness parties.''' ,'''I just like feeling good; I love the gym, I love running, I've taken riding lessons - I've got three kids, so I have a good reason to keep fit and stay healthy. Although I'm not an angel and I do love eating well!''' ,'''Life is enhanced so much by dogs. When your kids get to an age where they don't want to cuddle you as much and you have to force them into a judo hold to get affection, you've got dogs for that.''' ,'''I went to Cyprus with a friend and her family when we were about 16. She was riding on the back of a scooter we'd hired when we got surrounded by local boys on their scooters down a dark country lane. They tried to get us to pull over.''' ,'''I'm at work every day, I hold my life together - I'm not exactly waking up in the gutter.''' ,'''I don't find the early mornings difficult.''' ,'''I love a jar of cockles. I love anything in vinegar - beetroot, little silverskin onions, cornichons - I'm forever grazing on stuff like that, fingers in a jar.''' ,'''Normally I don't have a scrap of makeup on me when I'm on the radio.''' ,'''I remember when I was at Radio 1 I would get these Tweets saying 'Shut up! You're so old!' I was 36!''' ,'''I've started cycling everywhere on my electric bike; it's the best decision I ever made. Best part? The bike does some of the work for you!''' ,'''I've always loved horses.''' ,'''I can't go to the gym and sit on those machines - I'm medically unable to run because I'm just that wonky all over. I'd love to be a runner but I'm no good.''' ,'''To be honest I see myself as a broadcaster, I'm just on the radio a lot. So I don't really feel like I'm getting papped on the school run with my belly in.''' ,'''Doing regular exercise puts me in a good mood.''' ,'''Animals are good for teaching children about the circle of life.''' ,'''My girl mates are my minders. They stop people kissing me in clubs.''' ,'''Your 20s are for partying, your 30s - if you choose to have kids or are lucky enough to have them - are when you give yourself over to childcare, and then in your 40s it just becomes about you a bit more.''' ,'''In the days before I had kids I used to take six books with me for a fortnight's holiday. My suitcase used to be full of big trashy novels, maybe a bikini and some flip-flops. It was all I needed.''' ,'''My main issue is trying to create shape, because I am like an upturned spring onion. I am bulbous at the top, then I sort of whittle away, and my feet are like the green bits. I try to create - with clever use of a skirt and tucked-in top - a waist and hips.''' ,'''When I've got friends who are about to turn 40, I'm like: 'Babe, you're gonna love it, it's the best!'''' ,'''I think I am quite a morning person naturally, I think it may be breakfast radio that has made me be like that.''' ,'''I tried going veggie once, but it lasted about four hours.''' ,'''There's always someone waiting to take your job so you've got to crack on and do your best.''' ,'''If I don't have my 1-Day Acuvue Moist Brand Multifocal contact lenses in, I simply don't feel as confident.''' ,'''There's something really raw and exciting about grabbing a lump of clay and creating something unique out of it.''' ,'''I aspire to be a good dinner party host.''' ,'''I was very nervous interviewing Genesis on Radio 2. I felt out of my depth and somebody tweeted afterwards: Sara Cox interviewing Genesis - what a waste. I was crushed, because I kind of knew it was true.''' ,'''I'm not really into getting bunches of flowers if I'm a bit under the weather, I'd rather have something to eat.''' ,'''I was always myself. I never pretended I'd been to a gig the night before and was hanging out with Rita Ora, because that's not what I do.''' ,'''My favourite organic recipe is probably a huge batch of chilli con carne cooked with organic low fat British minced beef, tons of kidney beans, tomatoes and baked beans.''' ,'''It's really important to make the time to curl up and not look at a screen at night. Just to escape into a good book.''' ,'''I try not to buy pork pies but sometimes I fail.''' ,'''It will really break my heart when I say bye to 'Breakfast'... but I will be pleased to get my life back.''' ,'''Visualisation is the future of radio.''' ,'''I don't like cakey things but will devour anything pickled or salty like capers, beetroot and anchovies.''' ,'''The farm life, the space, the muck, I absolutely loved it - it was like having your own kingdom.''' ,'''I'm always trying to get back towards some sort of farm-type life.''' ,'''My go-to products are a Tom Ford tinted moisturiser, an Armani foundation and a Smashbox mascara.''' ,'''The ladette thing, it's all a bit weird. I never really liked the word as it suggested we wanted to be men. We didn't.''' ,'''I love roast dinners, simple avocado salads, spicy Vietnamese papaya salad, all fish and seafood, a good steak.''' ,'''I don't want to upset my husband but I don't really like people who are too handsome.''' ,'''I try to look after my voice. I am very aware that if I am going to be doing a voice over the next day or on the radio, not to go out to a really noisy place or shout.''' ,'''I'm not very good with spending money.''' ,'''I'm never fake on air.''' ,]
+++