+++
author = "Kim Yuna"
title = "Kim Yuna Quotes"
quotes_len = "48"
description = "the best 48 Kim Yuna Quotes"
keywords = "kim yuna,kim yuna quotes,kim yuna quote,kim yuna sayings,kim yuna saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not feeling much pressure for the Olympics because I think I already have done many things in my career. I will try to enjoy my second Olympics.''' ,'''To many, peace is what enables development and is critical in providing opportunities to young people. To some - especially those from regions involved in conflict - peacekeeping and efforts to preserve peace are absolutely vital in bringing prosperity and hope for the future.''' ,'''The Olympics is the biggest competition for all athletes and an unforgettable event.''' ,'''A coach told my mum I had talent and I would make a very good skater.''' ,'''Building a better life for every child is a lot harder than becoming a world champion. Both goals take dedication and commitment.''' ,'''I have learned from the first Olympics, of course. When I went to my first Olympic Games, I experienced all of the pressure and was able to win the gold medal. I try not to feel the pressure, and I try not to be nervous when I am on the ice and when I compete.''' ,'''Where there is peace, there is sports; where there is sports, there is peace. Peace is what allows us, especially young people, to dream, go after one's goals and prepare you for the next challenge in life.''' ,'''I trained for four years in Toronto, and even before that, I was back and forth between Canada and the States during summer for training. And, since there isn't much difference between Canada and the States, I haven't felt much difference in the environment.''' ,'''I always wanted to be Olympic champion and do clean programs.''' ,'''If I walk in the street in Korea, I am recognized.''' ,'''I decided to host my show 'Kiss and Cry' hoping that people actually want to participate and feel more familiar with figure skating. When I see these people enjoying themselves, it's a great joy to me. Although some of them get hurt once in a while, they enjoy it a lot, and I hope the show makes the viewers want to give it a try.''' ,'''I love weekends. Just like everyone else, I get to rest on weekends and go out with friends. I hate Mondays.''' ,'''After I won the Olympics, like any gold medalist, I did feel some emptiness in my heart. I did think about coming back to the ice for a long time. What motivated me is skating is something I am best at and I love the most. So I want to give it one more try.''' ,'''When I came back on the rink in 2012, I set a goal of wrapping up my career well rather than just winning medals. I'm not preparing for any special skills for Sochi because I don't feel like they are necessary.''' ,'''When I was young, many people didn't know what figure skating was. Some who knew of it thought of it as dancing on ice. But, as I entered international competitions and got good results, many people got to know more about it and came to cheer for me.''' ,'''I've been dreaming of winning gold medal in the Olympics.''' ,'''For a long time, just skating in the Olympics had been my goal because not many Koreans had done it.''' ,'''L.A. is a city that has given me great support for skating.''' ,'''Korean audiences are amazing. The fans scream so loud, and that really surprises skaters when they first perform in my shows.''' ,'''I think I'm a born athlete. My coaches have told me my muscles and body structure are perfect for skating.''' ,'''The Sochi Games is not only my second Olympics, but the 'retirement stage' for me, so I want to have a greater experience than any other competition before. In the past, I had strong concepts for short programs and lyrical ones for the long. But this time, it's the other way around.''' ,'''The thought of having the expectations of the whole country on my shoulders worried and unnerved me.''' ,'''If, by any chance, I get to perform, then it would be a great honor for me. Especially because performing in the Olympics in your country doesn't happen to many skaters.''' ,'''My coaches have told me my muscles and body structure are perfect for skating.''' ,'''I always thought the Vancouver Olympics would be my last destination, but I'm extending it to Sochi... I want to start anew, not as an Olympic medalist but just as yet another figure skater.''' ,'''Even in the hardest circumstances, dreams can give you the courage to live, and I hope I can share that message with children in need.''' ,'''For the off-ice training, I do basic strength training, and for the on-ice training, I practice jumps, spins, steps, and my new long program with my new coach Peter Oppegard.''' ,'''Because winning a gold medal had been a dream of mine since a young age, I needed to empty my mind during the preparation for the Olympics by telling myself that it would be OK not to win a gold medal.''' ,'''I am not trying my best because it is the Olympics. I try my best always.''' ,'''I get tired too, just like everybody else. Sometimes I tell people that, but all I get is people saying that being vulnerable and weak is just not like me. I rarely get the response of emotional support I want. But sometimes I need it.''' ,'''During my early skating years, there were not many ice rinks in Korea, and even the few rinks that existed, most of them were public.''' ,'''I love figure skating. It's what I'm good at.''' ,'''In Toronto and Los Angeles, too, there are a lot of Koreans - Koreatown, Korean markets. I feel like I'm at home and very comfortable.''' ,'''Many people talk about winning two straight gold medals, but I'm not focusing on defending the title.''' ,'''The popularity of figure skating has increased tremendously, and Koreans have a huge interest in figure skaters - not only me, other international skaters as well.''' ,'''I have been compared to Mao since we were both junior skaters. We've felt the rivalry since then, so we wanted to avoid each other. However, she has been my motivation.''' ,'''I had trouble finding my next goal after winning a gold medal at the Vancouver Olympics, but the interest of the public and my fans in me got even bigger. I wanted to get away from the pressure, even for a single day.''' ,'''People expect that I'll be just perfect on ice, and that's not the case. I make mistakes, too. When I review my performance, sometimes I feel I did awful. That's the whole part of the process of what people see when I'm performing.''' ,'''For an athlete myself, it is especially meaningful for our country to host an Olympics. Every athlete hopes to participate in an Olympics, so I still can't believe the games of dreams is going to take place in Korea.''' ,'''Watching previous figure skaters, I always wondered why they cried after their performance.''' ,'''In competition, when I start performance I try not to think about all the pressure from the fans. But, I got a lot of energy from them always. They make me more perfect.''' ,'''I like to be just an athlete, but if I go to competition and compete, I love to be a star, maybe.''' ,'''The Vancouver Olympics was the first competition where I completed the short and free programs without any mistakes, and that in itself was a huge achievement.''' ,'''What motivated me is skating is something I am best at and I love the most.''' ,'''What I miss the most is chatting with my friends and family and having a good laugh over a simple meal.''' ,'''When I was little, I had never really expected to win such a big competition. For a long time, just skating in the Olympics had been my goal because not many Koreans had done it.''' ,'''If I give up my career as a skater simply because I fear I won't show my best performance, I would be really sorry later in life.''' ,'''Peace is what enables development and is critical in providing opportunities to young people. Efforts to preserve peace are absolutely vital in bringing prosperity and hope for the future.''' ,]
+++