+++
author = "Amit Sadh"
title = "Amit Sadh Quotes"
quotes_len = "44"
description = "the best 44 Amit Sadh Quotes"
keywords = "amit sadh,amit sadh quotes,amit sadh quote,amit sadh sayings,amit sadh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Yes, there was a time when I failed to understand the system. I would go for auditions, but I wouldn't get any parts. I wondered why this was happening.''' ,'''I take things as they come. I don't have a special someone in my life because I am not the kind of man most women prefer. If I ever fall for a woman, it will happen at the right time.''' ,'''Destiny never changes with money, but sometimes it turns by meeting good people too.''' ,'''But as an artiste, I want to challenge myself because that is what art is all about.''' ,'''For me, 'Sultan' was like a resurrection. I think my career was almost dead. You go through these lows and highs in life, especially in a film career and you live with your chin up.''' ,'''Before 'Kai Po Che', I used to go for auditions in the hope that I will get work and should be able to pay my monthly house rent of 20,000 in 4 Bungalows, Andheri, Mumbai.''' ,'''I did not leave television to go to the movies. In television, they banned me.''' ,'''I got some really expensive helmets as I' am passionate about bike riding.''' ,'''I do not shy away from accepting that I had a troubled past, but in the journey of coming out of that dark phase, I understand humans better. I am less judgmental and more compassionate. I learned empathy and forgiveness, and that gives me confidence as a person.''' ,'''My first pay cheque was when I was a security guard in a Benetton showroom, which was Rs 900. I took all my security guard friends for a treat to eat Chinese food and ended up spending my entire salary in just three days, leaving me with no choice but to rely on my friends for food for the entire month.''' ,'''I would be lying if I'd say success and failure doesn't matter because they do. For now, my biggest joy is that I am able to bring you so much work, which I think is also a success.''' ,'''You live only once so always strike a balance and when you have abundance, contribute as much as you can.''' ,'''I am a huge fan of Leonardo DiCaprio and Matthew McConaughey.''' ,'''I have immense confidence in myself. I consider myself lucky that I have had a slow journey and there have been ups and downs in it.''' ,'''I think it is a sign of strength when you admit you are wrong, weak or failing.''' ,'''Actors should stop complaining about nepotism. I am uneducated - I was asked to leave school in Class 11. I came to Mumbai with only Rs 300, yet there is no one in this industry who has not been nice to me. From filmmakers who have given me work to people who have given me advice, I feel blessed to have them in my life.''' ,'''There is nothing called 'switch on-switch-off' in an actor. We are not machines.''' ,'''I had three scenes in 'Super 30', but I got a good response.''' ,'''As an artiste, I want to become more people, play more characters.''' ,'''When you are watching a show on a streaming channel, the effect is immediate. It affects your psyche and the relationship that you share with a character on screen is much deeper and intense.''' ,'''I went for a six-month trip around the world on a shoestring budget.''' ,'''People used to call me a one film wonder. I am glad to understand the dynamics and demographics of functioning in this industry.''' ,'''I think the digital world has given actors a better opportunity to present their talent. 'Breathe', especially has given me a lot. It holds a special place in my heart. And when it is on me, I give a lot to it as well.''' ,'''There were very depressing days when the whole year everyone was working, and you were sitting at home because half of the people weren't giving you work and then there were some who didn't like you.''' ,'''I think a movie released is better than a movie stuck.''' ,'''What is rejection? Rejection is something that you try and you don't get.''' ,'''Very early in my life, I realised that it is okay getting rejected. Sometimes, we take rejection too personally.''' ,'''Unfortunately in Bollywood, if your film is a flop, your acting is considered flop too.''' ,'''I will be honest, and I have no shame in saying that after 'Kai Po Che!', I did not get chances. Some people didn't understand what to give me, and some people went out of the way to not give me work.''' ,'''I learnt to manage my own money, a quality which I am working on since a long while now. I invest most of my money in myself either in learning and/or travelling.''' ,'''Take rejection as an eye-opener. Take it as something that pushes you and makes you do things better.''' ,'''I got a lot of praise and attention post 'Kai Po Che' but I was thrown into a big ocean suddenly.''' ,'''I had a troubled childhood, a troubled adulthood but now I am totally healed. I am lucky that there are people around me to support.''' ,'''As an actor, you've to be honest while giving any shot, the camera is same in any medium, the sound system, too. So, it doesn't matter.''' ,'''I was at a place called Mukteshwar. I have a property there and the best part about it is that you can see the Himalayan mountain ranges from there. Also, there's a lot of wildlife around my house. There are sambars, barking deers and leopards too.''' ,'''I don't like to call anybody a celebrity because I don't like the term and it feels so wrong.''' ,'''And yes, I think 'Sultan' gave me the greatest platform ever to showcase my talent.''' ,'''When you put out a good product, people will find it and go to it.''' ,'''But now, I think I have found a corner, a groove of what kind of stories I want to be part of and what type of characters I want to play. I have a soft corner for damaged people or those who are not supposedly quintessentially perfect but have the instincts to be protective.''' ,'''Whether it is a film, television serial or web series, there are three basic things that I consider when I give a nod for a project. Firstly, is the story bringing any effect on my mind. Secondly, the integrity of the makers, and how it will impact the society once the story goes on the public platform.''' ,'''With 'Breathe', the whole team feels lucky and blessed that our hard work has created a story which people are connecting with.''' ,'''All the things you are liking in 'Breathe', the credit goes to the director and writer. As far as I am concerned, I have given my 1000 per cent to the character, and I will continue to give my heart and soul to 'Breathe' because this series means everything to me.''' ,'''The way I go to watch The Rock in 'Fast and Furious', I want people to come and watch me.''' ,'''I don't want anyone's endorsement. If the public likes my work, they will support me.''' ,]
+++