+++
author = "Wunmi Mosaku"
title = "Wunmi Mosaku Quotes"
quotes_len = "71"
description = "the best 71 Wunmi Mosaku Quotes"
keywords = "wunmi mosaku,wunmi mosaku quotes,wunmi mosaku quote,wunmi mosaku sayings,wunmi mosaku saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel so British, but people would look at me and see a very African woman - the way I cook is very Nigerian, the way I dress I guess is quite Nigerian.''' ,'''I would die to get a part in 'Glee' and sing a song.''' ,'''I grew up on an estate in Manchester and people I've known from school have died in gang trouble and I always thought, if I'd been on a different estate at a different time, it could have been me.''' ,'''I come from an educated family, but we were poor.''' ,'''I dropped chemistry because there was a cute boy, and I figured out if I dropped chemistry, I would be in his drama class.''' ,'''I've been woken up by things like the MeToo movement. I didn't realize how much of the patriarchy was ingrained within my spirit.''' ,'''I feel middle-class, but my family had to start from scratch. There was no inheritance from a great-aunt. It feels like a slog.''' ,'''Sci-fi and horror feel so relevant to me as a woman.''' ,'''I come from a very matriarchal family and it's important to me that women are protected and saved and educated and loved and valued.''' ,'''You get to a certain age and you start comparing and being uncomfortable in one's body. And then you get to a place where you start to love yourself, accept yourself, celebrate and honor yourself.''' ,'''The scary thing is that I sometimes think, 'Oh, I've won a Bafta. This could be the top of the precipice.'''' ,'''The beauty with U.K. productions is that, most of the time, you get all of the scripts when you audition for them.''' ,'''I have truly never been honest outside of the home in regards to racism and inequality and what I've been subject to.''' ,'''I don't just have the patriarchy to compete with. I have systemic racism and white supremacy and inequality to compete with.''' ,'''Talking about racism with white people can make white people very uncomfortable, Black people very uncomfortable.''' ,'''The rage of someone who continues to strive so hard and work so hard but is interrupted every day by society, by racism, by white supremacy, by the patriarchy - how can you not feel empathy?''' ,'''I think the saddest thing is how people take on guilt and blame that isn't theirs or doesn't belong to them, and how hard it is to forgive yourself.''' ,'''I plant vegetables and every time I see a flower I'm like, 'I'm going to get a vegetable in a few weeks!'''' ,'''I go into every audition and I come out and I say, 'I did my best.'''' ,'''I love myself, I love my skin, and I love my history. I'm grateful for who I am, grateful for the people who made me, my ancestors, and I wouldn't change a thing.''' ,'''Gender inequality is a global issue that affects everyone.''' ,'''I definitely think things are changing... I thought I would never be cast on network TV in America and here I am, cast on network TV - and not skinny!''' ,'''The problem isn't being a woman, and the problem isn't being Black; the problem is the people out there making it difficult for us - the patriarchy, the racism.''' ,'''I feel like I have a very typical west African physique, and that is part of my blackness!''' ,'''I Googled every actor from my favorite film 'Annie.' Albert Finney was also from Manchester and he went to the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art - so I auditioned there, too.''' ,'''In Nigeria, my grandma sold everything - everything - for my mum's education.''' ,'''I am the product of two very strong women, my mum and my grandma, who prioritized education.''' ,'''I think, for me, just trying to be the 'non-threatening black woman,' constantly being, like, super-bubbly! And relatable! It takes a lot of energy! The energy you have to put into playing into the system of white supremacy, so that you can be just given a chance.''' ,'''Racism hasn't been an everyday thing in my life, overt racism. There is obviously structural differences, but hate? I've not really had that.''' ,'''Truly, you always do your best in an audition. Even if it's terrible, you've done your best in the moment.''' ,'''Christine Bottomley and Navin Chowdhry were really fun to work with.''' ,'''I actually sewed my own wedding dress and I sewed my flower girl dresses.''' ,'''When I get nervous my energy gets really still, and I think people think that's me. Everything gets really still, and my voice gets a little bit lower and there is a little croak in there - sometimes you can hear it when I'm really nervous on camera.''' ,'''I think sci-fi and horror are a perfect vehicle for exploring racism and injustice, the horrors of that. They are real; they are actual; they are tangible. They are also metaphorical and invisible.''' ,'''So, I was a fan of 'Luther' from the first reading of the script and watching the first series. I think the actors in it are just brilliant, and I had never seen a black lead in the U.K. for so many years. That was quite a shocking moment for me.''' ,'''I was always treated older than I am when I was a kid, so I had to be like, 'No, I'm sweet,' and this has continued into adulthood because of the way society portrays Black women.''' ,'''There's an African proverb that I always quote as I think it's incredible which is, 'if the children are not initiated into the village, then they'll burn it down just to feel its warmth.'''' ,'''I'm always playing someone grumpy or sad or grieving or downtrodden or stoic. As people get to know me within the industry, they know it's completely the opposite of what I'm like because I am a hyperactive, energetic ball.''' ,'''The day after Brexit I had a moment when someone said, 'Don't you want to go back to your own country?' I wasn't 100 per cent sure if he was thinking he was being kind? I was like, 'Um... this is my home, thank you.'''' ,'''I've realized I have not been completely honest with what I need and what I want and how I've been treated, and I haven't necessarily stood up for myself. I've not always stood completely in my power and spoken the truth.''' ,'''If I was to go around as a white woman, a white man, an Asian woman, an Asian man... the world would just respond to you so differently because of your outward form, right?''' ,'''I would always say I can sing, but I'm musical. I'm very good at following instructions, reading the music, and singing as it's written down, but there was a challenge when I had to improvise.''' ,'''I've always been quite scared about talking about race. You don't wanna rock the boat because you want to keep working.''' ,'''I don't think I've ever sought revenge, actually.''' ,'''I honestly never wanted to come to America. It wasn't part of my goal as an actor.''' ,'''I don't think revenge is necessarily a good emotion to explore, personally.''' ,'''In my head, racism was an issue that needed to be fixed by the racists. Like you needed to convince that person one at a time rather than a systemic thing that needs a whole group effort.''' ,'''Me and Hermione Norris are now best friends.''' ,'''I don't know what can be done about knife crime, gang culture and people carrying weapons because it's a world I don't know about, but I hope that people decide to disarm and walk away from conflict.''' ,'''I've realized that I am very rarely honest. Outside of my family, I am very rarely honest when I step outside of the door.''' ,'''I read a script that's presented to me, and if I love the story and the role, I audition for the part, which is pretty much how I approach it.''' ,'''It is humbling to be a part of 'Our Loved Boy.'''' ,'''My mum was very supportive, and I don't really understand why when I think of her humble beginnings. She grew up in one room with my grandma, my grand-dad and her siblings and a fire-pit outside to cook on. Now she's a homeowner in Manchester and has a business.''' ,'''I'm healthy, but I'm not thin.''' ,'''I'm an actor, after all, and I need to be able to pay my rent.''' ,'''Some people think that gender equality is the biggest issue on the table, and to me, that's a privilege to even think that that's the biggest issue, because I am subject to much more inequality.''' ,'''I censor myself all the time.''' ,'''You know, I had never heard of the Tulsa Riots - and I think something like 42 percent of Americans hadn't - until 'Watchmen' on HBO. And that's just crazy. I really saw how history is manipulated.''' ,'''My grandma was raised in Ghana, and she went back there to work, so she could earn money for my mum's education in Nigeria. It's where it all began, and that dedication to education is the only reason I'm here.''' ,'''If we want the world to change, we can change it. But in order to change it, the world collectively has to do better.''' ,'''I think the thing I feel most comfortable in and the sexiest in is a headwrap and a t-shirt and jeans or a sweatshirt and jeans.''' ,'''I feel like I present the way I need to present in order to survive and feel like I can navigate.''' ,'''But there are times, as an actor, where you are like, 'Although I am really sad that I did not get this, I am really, really excited to watch it and just be a spectator.'''' ,'''When I step out of my front door, I have to paint on a bright, big smile to make sure people treat me kindly rather than with suspicion, or assume that I'm going to be aggressive.''' ,'''My parents are professors. My sister is a Ph.D. student. My other sister has a business.''' ,'''Until 'Lovecraft Country' feels like a show where people go, 'Is that how the world used to be?' we do need to talk about it and make art about it, because sadly, it's not history yet.''' ,'''I grew up on a council estate.''' ,'''I would say my first big break would've been 'Moses Jones.' That was the first time I had a lead.''' ,'''I've been very much the kind of person who's very quiet about my own experiences.''' ,'''When you get to a place where a person is so angry that they can do anything - it's a dark dark place.''' ,'''The taste of guava is my first memory. I remember somebody picking it from the tree and throwing it down to me.''' ,]
+++