+++
author = "Kurt Elling"
title = "Kurt Elling Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Kurt Elling Quotes"
keywords = "kurt elling,kurt elling quotes,kurt elling quote,kurt elling sayings,kurt elling saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you're going to be transparent, you're going to have to let the music come that wants to come.''' ,'''One doesn't have to scat to be a jazz singer.''' ,'''I really thought I was gonna have a straight gig. But these jazz musicians put their arms around me time and again and said, 'Hey, young fella, you're one of us. Come with us.' That's a big deal when you're young and looking for your way in the world.''' ,'''When improvisation is properly applied, it is compositional thinking, sped way up.''' ,'''I consider myself very fortunate. I have a beautiful wife who supports my work and is raising our daughter when I'm out on the road.''' ,'''I think I make most of my decisions pretty organically.''' ,'''I'm lucky that I enjoy touring as much as I do. I'm not going to make a living just making records.''' ,'''Sometimes people have this notion that improvisation is simply intuitive leaping into the unknown.''' ,'''At a certain point, the graduate school thing didn't work out, and that meant I was liberated.''' ,'''It's pretty rare in jazz to have a full-on steady band.''' ,'''I remember seeing Tony Bennett on television. He was the only guy in the orchestra who was wearing a white tux, and I thought, 'That would be good. To be the only man on stage in a white jacket.'''' ,'''I think my intention was there, and my love for the music was apparent. And there are very few singers who get up and desire to take the kinds of risks that jazz musicians routinely need to be taking.''' ,'''The great jazz and jazz-influenced singers carry themselves with a certain panache and a certain elegance and, for lack of a better word, self-confidence.''' ,'''As improvisers, we're acting as composers in front of people.''' ,'''I like the power and versatility of a big band and how an orchestra can vary the dynamics from very loud to very quiet, and SNJO covers those bases.''' ,'''It's easy to get tired of religious fundamentalists. They're such a bore. They have no sense of mystery. It's a drag, man.''' ,'''Romance is one of the things that most countries share, and I've noticed how different communities have their own ways of singing about love and heartbreak.''' ,'''Part of my joy as a singer is to give gifts to people, and one way I try to connect to them is to add something in French or German or whatever.''' ,''''Man in the Air' was an experience in exercise.''' ,'''You don't know what bravery is until you overcome fear.''' ,'''You can start from any source material, and you can approach it with a jazz ear, and then it will become a jazz moment.''' ,'''It's true that I'm not known as a crooner or balladeer. I'm known for a more crusading or quixotic temperament.''' ,'''I'm a guy who has more slapstick than Joe Cool moments in his day, so I'm not taking myself so seriously.''' ,'''You don't show respect to Frank Sinatra and his great example by trying to sound exactly like him. You show it by sounding exactly like you, and that's the way jazz has always progressed as an art form.''' ,'''People want to have access to jazz because it has a vibe that's very strong.''' ,'''You can never predict what the specific shape of your life is going to be, and you won't really know its general shape until, God willing, you're advanced in years and you have the time and opportunity to look back in a coherent way and see what your life was about.''' ,'''I've tried to educate myself in the world and what's beautiful and what has meaning and is lasting. Then I just follow my intuition and see how it fits.''' ,'''Karl Johnson, my first piano player at Milt Trenier's, he just swung really hard and gave me a sense of really belonging to the jazz scene.''' ,'''The idea is to be unrestrained by categories.''' ,'''I know how hard it's been for me to get my thing out there.''' ,'''I didn't arrive on the scene until after Jaco Pastorius had passed, but 'Three Views of a Secret' is a long-time favourite of mine.''' ,'''It's a lovely thing to have people in any circumstance appreciate your work.''' ,'''I try to sleep as much as I can. I drink a lot of water. I practice consistently and just try to be ready for the gig.''' ,'''If you start to dwell on your pain, the amount of pain will increase.''' ,'''Why limit yourself to one discipline or field of study?''' ,'''In New York, the drummers rush for a reason - because there's so much energy crackling through everything in that city and so many collisions at a highly accelerated rate.''' ,'''I'd been studying philosophy at the University of Chicago. I hadn't been doing well, because I was sitting in with jazz musicians at night - it's hard to read Heidegger, but it's especially hard if you're half asleep.''' ,'''People just want to dig; they want to dance. They don't want to work all through the night, and neither do I. I like getting 'out there,' but communication should be occurring on more levels than heavy-laden philosophical.''' ,'''I haven't been afraid of John Coltrane or Miles Davis or Bill Evans or Wayne Shorter or Herbie Hancock. Why would I be afraid of the Beatles?''' ,'''You work very hard on the lyrics. Getting them to fit the contours of improvised melodies.''' ,'''Sometimes, with vocalese, I'm dealing with something, a great solo from the past, which is so iconic I can't presume to change it or mess with it.''' ,'''I don't really have a more intellectualized approach. After the fact, I can sure talk about stuff a lot - but when I make decisions, I really just follow what sounds good to me.''' ,'''Audiences have taught me how to sing better and entertain better.''' ,'''You want to be doing your best work whatever field of the arts you're in because your life's going to be over all too soon, and you have to make the most of it.''' ,'''Man, I just feel so fortunate to be a jazz musician at all. I have a hard time thinking of it any other way. It's such a fulfilling vocation. I love it.''' ,'''Chicago has a burly, action-oriented but still self-assured and relaxed confidence to its stride. The city has a lot of wide-open space and all the possibilities that suggests. There's a lot of horizontal grandeur here.''' ,'''I'm one of the culprits who keeps turning stuff around, shaking up original tunes and trying to stand the canon on its ear. But sometimes, you just need to sing the song.''' ,'''I listened to a lot of King Crimson back in the day.''' ,'''I had everything to gain by giving it everything I could.''' ,'''I hope that I'm also maturing emotionally as a human being as things go on.''' ,'''I couldn't do what I do without the encouragement and influence of the musicians I played with in Chicago.''' ,'''Of course we all know when music's too much in the head, and we define our greatest players by the way they are able to communicate directly from their emotional selves.''' ,'''My strength is to communicate with an audience and to know what jazz singing is capable of.''' ,'''We all know that jazz demands a cultivation of the mind.''' ,'''There is an actor's responsibility in presenting the emotional content of the lyrics to an audience. But whether you do that in a straightforward fashion or an ironic fashion or a blase fashion is all about opportunities, and singers are missing opportunities as artists if they don't pay attention to the lyric.''' ,'''I think of jazz as being homage through innovation. Don't quote that as a definition, but it comes pretty close.''' ,'''Music is a physical expression that has a physical impact upon the listener. Sound travels in waves through the air. This is not abstract. This is scientific fact. And it makes physical contact with the eardrum... and with the heart... and with the rest of the body.''' ,'''With a smaller setting, you have a lot more freedom and flexibility within a given moment, but not necessarily the velocity you have with a big band.''' ,'''I don't want to take it easy.''' ,'''I'm a goof, man.''' ,'''I've got more low notes than I had when I started.''' ,'''I'm thrilled when I hear the greatest jazz musicians. They continue to search in ways other musicians do not.''' ,'''Listening to something without being present is different from being there in the flesh.''' ,'''I can't say New York's home, but I've made a lot of friends, and I'm developing a map of what cats are here and where they play, and as a singer, you're always looking for projects that tie things in emotionally and intuitively with your life.''' ,'''That's the thing: There are so many art songs in jazz. It's a much more rich experience for the singer than people think.''' ,'''I'm a jazz musician, and I really wanted to not miss an opportunity to have the full connection to jazz.''' ,'''While I revel in the memories of my own Grammy moment, I also know how it feels to walk away empty-handed.''' ,'''My intellect was quickened at divinity school, and my abilities to discern were strengthened, and that's always valuable.''' ,'''The singer is always an ambassador of music.''' ,'''Chicago is my home. And the way Chicago sounds will always be a part of who I am.''' ,'''There's a wide spectrum of possibilities in how to deliver a song.''' ,'''Grammy nominations are certainly pleasant, but you can forget about them and lead a perfectly happy life - provided you have the approval of the musicians you work with.''' ,'''A lot of the commercial world wants to bank in on the cachet that jazz brings.''' ,'''My goal is to be really incredible by the time I'm 70.''' ,'''I spend upwards of 200 nights a year on the road.''' ,'''It's a beautiful thing to have time in the world, as a singer and as a musician, to make friends with people of the musical caliber of a Tommy Smith, an Arturo Sandoval, a Richard Galliano, a Till Broenner.''' ,'''A lot of people are put off by the idea of scat singing. Either that or it's something to be made fun of.''' ,'''It helps me to learn things in different languages, even if it's just phonetically, and to make myself vulnerable to other audiences by trying to reflect back to them the genius of their own cultures, and to do that, oftentimes, in new jazz settings, new arrangements. It's a way to show respect.''' ,'''I've worked with a number of big bands, but there's nothing in life like the Basie band.''' ,'''You don't want to make records so you can win a Grammy. You make records because you want to be a musician.''' ,'''I hope to be at the top of my game when I'm 65 or 70. I don't want to reach my peak at 29. Not that I'm holding back anything, but there's a bunch of junk I don't know.''' ,'''If I was going to sell out, I would do it for more than 10,000 records.''' ,'''There are incredible musicians around the world.''' ,'''I want to be the jazz singer.''' ,'''It must be a hellish thing to know what's possible in music, to be hearing things all the time and not have an appropriate outlet for them.''' ,'''Every record is a gate of a certain kind for me.''' ,'''There's a spiritual complement to any attempt at transposing a commitment to humanity through music or art.''' ,'''Each of the CDs prior to 'Flirting With Twilight' were more like roller-coaster rides.''' ,'''I travel all the time. And as I go around the world, I try to learn a little something and not just take up all the available air.''' ,'''Out in L.A., things relax even further than they do in Chicago. There's such a looseness to it, and there's a potentially refreshing advantage to that.''' ,'''I've got enough miles under my belt to know that whatever you envision in your mind, even if it comes true, will only keep a shape in the most general way.''' ,'''The musicians in Chicago gave me my vocation, but New York calls to a jazz musician, for sure. You want to test your mettle.''' ,'''We live in a society where it's cool to be criminal.''' ,'''You don't just let a guy drop off the earth and not come together with everybody who knew him and loved him and respected him. You try to do it the right way.''' ,'''You learn as much as you can from the people that you work with. That's why you want to surround yourself with the heaviest people that you can possibly get to.''' ,'''I try to stick with things that I can sing with honesty.''' ,'''I've tried to learn as much as I can about the great jazz singers to understand what makes them important, vital artists, but there is always something more to learn.''' ,'''I was very lucky that more experienced musicians allowed me to caterwaul until I figured out what it was really about.''' ,'''Salacious? I suppose every once in a while the salacious thing is not a bad thing. It's kind of monochromatic if that's all you do.''' ,]
+++