+++
author = "Liu Wen"
title = "Liu Wen Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Liu Wen Quotes"
keywords = "liu wen,liu wen quotes,liu wen quote,liu wen sayings,liu wen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have lots of vintage clothes.''' ,'''You'll encounter difficulties at any job, and the best way for me to get through them is via endurance.''' ,'''A fun pair of earrings is basically the finishing touch to any outfit; a nice watch is both practical and decorative, while the perfect unique bag is not only eye-catching but also timeless - it can be passed on to future generations.''' ,'''My hometown is a very boring city. There isn't a lot of industry - there are a lot of trees. It's not like Beijing where the sky is always dark. In my city the sky is blue and the sun shines.''' ,'''Fashion is a good job for a young girl. I like clothes - I like to play with clothes. I like DIY; I like to make outfit.''' ,'''When my inner mood is positive, I also feel great on the outside.''' ,'''When I was little, I never wanted to be a model or really thought of doing this job. I'm from a small city, Yongzhou Hunan in the south of China - not a big place for fashion.''' ,'''I feel the most beautiful when I'm the most relaxed - for example, after a productive day of work or during a comfortable, rested afternoon. But I also feel great when I reunite with friends after a long time.''' ,'''I've become more and more comfortable with occasionally dressing sexier, but I still hope to express a 'cool' type of sensuality.''' ,'''My parents are very humble people who have simple lives... they live in a pleasant little town in China.''' ,'''I don't use any makeup if I'm not doing work.''' ,'''Fashion is constantly evolving throughout the seasons and within various cultural changes, but the one thing that has stayed constant is how I always want my style to be an authentic, intrinsic part of myself.''' ,'''No one else in my family works in the fashion industry.''' ,'''I never wore high heels in my hometown.''' ,'''Being in this position enables myself and others to deliver messages of positivity - we can broadcast to everyone just how beautiful this world is, and all the ways we can keep it beautiful by treating one another with kindness.''' ,'''The first time at Louis Vuitton was Spring 2009 season, and I remember that the colors of the clothes were very dreamy.''' ,'''I hope that when people see Asian women, they realize we are all different. A lot of time with Caucasian people, they just group us together as Asian. But even with different cities in China, people have different personalities... We look Asian, but we still look different. We don't look the same.''' ,'''Since my dimples only appear whenever I smile, facing everything in life with that smile is a wonderful feeling. Eyes are also the window to one's self. Just a look can reflect your identity and experiences.''' ,'''Fashion and style are a language - they helps us communicate with each other in a creative way. Style is one of the most important methods of self-expression.''' ,'''Before I modeled, I never thought I was beautiful. Even right now, I don't think I'm beautiful. I think it's my personality that makes my beauty different and unique. If you look in the past, Chinese people have always considered things like big eyes, pointy nose, or big lips beautiful. I had the same thoughts as a child watching movies.''' ,'''I'm not that big a celebrity. I'm just an ordinary person.''' ,'''Every makeup artist or stylist with whom I work has many special ideas, tips, and creations. I can always learn so much from them.''' ,'''For my beauty routine, it's kind of complicated. It's not easy at all. I like being natural, but natural is not really natural. To be natural, you need to have really good skin. This is really important.''' ,'''Fall in love with the work you do - that is the best way to make everything last.''' ,'''Love your job, stay punctual, and appreciate everything!''' ,'''I've learned what looks too sexy or too tomboy or too cool for me! I know what suits me now.''' ,'''My favourite city is Miami. It's very fresh and the beach is sunny.''' ,'''I collect a lot of eco-friendly shopping bags that serve to separate my shoes other and other small stuff in my luggage.''' ,'''Striped shirts and printed shorts, jeans, and trousers are all items I buy and wear a lot in my private life.''' ,'''I just wear very nice pyjamas. When I'm at home, I love to watch movies and relax because when I'm modeling, I'm always travelling. When I'm not working I don't put much make up, but I do love nail polish for that little bit of fun colour.''' ,'''When I was 17, I entered a modeling contest in my home province in China because my mother wanted me to learn better posture. And the rest is history!''' ,'''I used to see Estee Lauder's ads everywhere in the subways of Beijing, and I thought how wonderful it would be if the model on them was myself!''' ,'''You can mix and match, depending on your own mood, whether you want your look of the day to be casual, cool, or even punk.''' ,'''Your look changes depending on your confidence, and then your beauty changes. When I first came to New York, all the people were saying, 'You look so Asian because you have a different eye shape.' They didn't really understand because they didn't really see that many Asian models.''' ,'''In my school days, everyone thought I'm too tall for a Chinese girl.''' ,'''When I'm studying English I love to watch 'Friends' or 'Nikita.'''' ,'''Persistence is a secret weapon for everyone.''' ,'''Romantic music really stirs my soul. And, of course, I love Chinese music; it makes me feel closer to home.''' ,'''Now, there are more and more Asian models and opportunities to understand Asian beauty.''' ,'''I have a strong appreciation for oversize sweatshirts, loose mohair sweaters, and jeans that are frayed at the ankles.''' ,'''I was studying tourism at college and wanted to travel the world as a tour guide - that was my dream! But actually, sometimes modeling feels quite similar, because I travel so much - probably even more than tour guiding.''' ,'''People probably think I'm cute because I have dimples and am friendly and always smiling. But beauty is different. In Chinese, people say I have chi ze, which means aura or a strong sense of presentation. It's not about my look.''' ,]
+++