+++
author = "Sowcar Janaki"
title = "Sowcar Janaki Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Sowcar Janaki Quotes"
keywords = "sowcar janaki,sowcar janaki quotes,sowcar janaki quote,sowcar janaki sayings,sowcar janaki saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was born after my dad came back from England and he wanted to raise us like European kids.''' ,'''My sister was the glamourous one and her movies portrayed her beauty and glamour. As a person, she has enormous patience and has single-handedly supported my mother and my siblings. I have always admired her loyalty to the family.''' ,'''Comedy now is all about body shaming and delivering vulgar dialogues. There can't be another Manorama.''' ,'''As a kid I loved to listen to the radio, later I became a radio artiste and would listen to the BBC.''' ,'''This MeToo is bothering me much, making me shun TV and newspapers. They are making such wild charges for cheap publicity, claiming something happened longtime back, or perhaps did not happen, or perhaps could have happened.''' ,'''I take to acting like a fish to water.''' ,'''Gardening and my culinary skills keep me busy.''' ,'''Theatre worked as a big boost and improved my film career.''' ,'''Cinema brings together people from all walks of life. It connects everybody. It's an art in motion.''' ,'''God has given me enough.''' ,'''What can I say? I was there at the right place and with the right people. My theatre background helped a lot in shaping my comic streak.''' ,'''At 14, I started reading popular scripts, wanted to learn Telugu, read books and improve my language. Then I got married at 15.''' ,'''I like challenges.''' ,'''I knew that someday, I'd lose the fame. So, I have always kept in touch with my interests.''' ,'''The country's image has improved ten-fold during Vajpayee's prime ministership.''' ,'''I am thankful to get a role at the age of 81.''' ,'''I may not have made humongous sum of money through acting, but I have enough to lead a stress free life.''' ,'''Films were just a profession. The moment I step into the house the actor in me disappears.''' ,]
+++