+++
author = "David Faustino"
title = "David Faustino Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 David Faustino Quotes"
keywords = "david faustino,david faustino quotes,david faustino quote,david faustino sayings,david faustino saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I didn't really discover that I had a knack for comedy until I landed 'Married w/ Children.'''' ,'''Every day I have a tour bus that comes around my house and stops. You can hear them on their microphone. If you don't embrace it, it's going to destroy you.''' ,'''Angry fans, it's part of - well look, if you don't have haters, you're doing something wrong.''' ,'''The money is decent, but I don't want to go on TV and spill my guts.''' ,'''You're always going to have people who disagree and hate on you. That's just part of being in entertainment. I've been raised in this business, so I'm used to it, I don't pay attention.''' ,'''When someone calls me up and wants me to do something, of course I am open to it. But I am not going to do it if there isn't anything interesting or funny about it.''' ,'''I had a 325 - a little red sports car, but it got stolen.''' ,'''I want to be a director - and you need to get out there and do it, you can't wait 'til it comes to you... I'd give anything to be able to do what Ron Howard's done.''' ,'''For me, 30s have been the greatest decade of my life yet.''' ,'''I get a lot of scripts, but they're all for the same type of character.''' ,'''I make friends with people really easily - that's one of my best qualities.''' ,'''I just want to bend fire. You know, it'd be cool to throw some fire to a couple of old agents, the ex wife.''' ,'''When you have a billion dollar show, there's a few people that have their hands out.''' ,'''I have a rap group called Outlaw Posse.''' ,'''I thought TV fame was hip... well, that was because I hadn't experienced rock star fame yet.''' ,'''Every time you'd turn on the set you'd see me eating a prune in a prune ad. My friends used to call me Prune Boy, even on the football field.''' ,'''Corin Nemec, who was on television for years, has been through a similar thing. We both had TV shows, we've had to hit that audition trail, and we were both frustrated. We were both going through divorces, and we decided to write about this stuff. And make it funny.''' ,'''I was friends with Cube; he was also a fan of mine, and I a fan of him. Even before Balistyx happened I was hanging out with him, taking him to 'The Arsenio Hall Show' for his first time. I was like, 'Ice Cube, I've got a plus 1, you should go,' and I took him. Cube wasn't known at all yet.''' ,'''I was a sheltered kid.''' ,'''It was a combination of typecasting and my own demons. There are roles I could have gotten, but there were just lots of opportunities that I just blew on my own.''' ,'''Sometimes I'll be with a girl and I can tell she's still thinking she's watching 'Married... with Children.' They aren't able to get to know me.''' ,'''I was thinking how fun 'Married with Children' would be on Netflix. You could really have some fun there.''' ,'''I was offered a lot of reality shows in the past. I continue to be offered things like 'The Surreal Life.' I did one in 2002, right after the attacks on the World Train Center. It was called 'Celebrity Bootcamp.' It sounded exciting and cool when they presented it. When you get down to it, it was corny and cheesy.''' ,'''I'm excited for that next great role. I don't know what it will be or when it will be, but I'm definitely open to it.''' ,'''Enjoy life... that's what we're here for.''' ,'''I absolutely love doing comedy, however, of course as an actor, I would love the opportunity to do more dramatic roles.''' ,'''When you're a child actor, part of you grows up really fast and part of you doesn't grow up at all.''' ,'''I have to stop myself sometimes and look at where my life is and pat myself on the back because I'm beating the odds.''' ,'''I love the fame, I love the attention, and I love the perks.''' ,'''Some of those kid stars who got screwed up were pretty talented. My mom warns me every day what can happen. Sometimes she clips the headlines out and puts them in my room.''' ,'''I don't want to do something for the sake of doing it. I want it to be a great role and I want it to be really funny - or dramatic - but I mean I want it to be something really, really special.''' ,'''That is sort of the backbone for 'Star-ving.' People just assumed that I am completely loaded. I do all right. I have to be careful.''' ,'''I had a huge crush on Alyssa Milano. But I don't think it was reciprocated.''' ,]
+++