+++
author = "Hubert De Givenchy"
title = "Hubert De Givenchy Quotes"
quotes_len = "52"
description = "the best 52 Hubert De Givenchy Quotes"
keywords = "hubert de givenchy,hubert de givenchy quotes,hubert de givenchy quote,hubert de givenchy sayings,hubert de givenchy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's a fabulous thing to give life to fabric, to make something move well, the harmony of colour.''' ,'''A piece of material has a life. You must never upset it if you want the material to speak.''' ,'''People say I am a classic designer. I don't try to be classic, but I do try to be simple and elegant.''' ,'''I am of tradition, but that doesn't mean I have an old outlook on life.''' ,'''When you are a designer, what's important is to be aware of things. Everything should lead to an idea, a line to follow, a movement.''' ,'''You never finish learning.''' ,'''Balenciaga taught me everything I know. He taught me to care for the details, that it was not necessary to sew on a button where it had no use or to add a flower to make a dress beautiful... no unnecessary detail.''' ,'''If I had to start over, I'll do the same thing: street clothes are the future; the client can choose two or three things and combine them as she wants.''' ,'''To have lived your dream is very rare in life. I am a very happy man. I have been so fortunate.''' ,'''As time passes, we like to simplify our lives.''' ,'''Mine is one of the most beautiful professions in fashion: making others happy with an idea... I am happy because I did the job I dreamt of as a child.''' ,'''I don't think I am avant-garde. I made a lot of creations and created harmony with my fabrics, but I was not like Balenciaga, for example, although he was, of course, a great inspiration.''' ,'''It gives you a good feeling. Each year, you rediscover in a garden the magic of life. A flower arrives, and it is a miracle. The leaves fall in the autumn, and it looks fantastic. There is a tenderness about a garden, and you can't help but be sensitive to that.''' ,'''I haven't really got a green thumb, but I love gardens and their architecture.''' ,'''I really love to work like a machine.''' ,'''I'd love to wear the big pant, like I see on the street, or the blouson, but I'd look ridiculous. I'm not that shape. You must respect yourself.''' ,'''When you see the best of the best - when you see a Matisse or a Picasso - what interests you is the creativity and harmony.''' ,'''You have to know when to stop - that's wisdom.''' ,'''Fabric is the most extraordinary thing; it has life. You must respect the fabric.''' ,'''If you want to express yourself, it is difficult to be by yourself. You must have people around you who understand the same music. It is like being the chef d'orchestra. They need you, but you need them desperately.''' ,'''I've stopped making frocks, but not making discoveries.''' ,'''As a student, I was more gifted in history and geography. Things like arithmetic were not my strength.''' ,'''I dreamed of fashion as a little boy.''' ,'''American and Italian women stimulate designers to do new things.''' ,'''Like in great painting and architecture, in couture, to make clothes you must eliminate, eliminate, eliminate to obtain the true sense of a line. You see, the more you add, the more you load on, the more it's mad. You must try to have just the silhouette, which is an intelligence in clothes.''' ,'''My mother was a beautiful lady, elegant, chic, and that was the biggest inspiration to me.''' ,'''My grandmother had a cupboard where she kept her collections and textile samples of all sorts of things. When I had good grades, I could take out one piece of work to look at.''' ,'''Fashion should evolve slowly, without any revolution.''' ,'''You must, if it's possible, be born with a kind of elegance. It's part of you, of yourself.''' ,'''It is important to work. It is important for my mind.''' ,'''It's the most beautiful job in the world to give happiness to people.''' ,'''Balenciaga was my religion. Since I'm a believer, for me, there's Balenciaga, and the good Lord.''' ,'''I didn't do any designs for 'My Fair Lady.'''' ,'''It was always my dream to be a dress designer, and my mother accepted that decision.''' ,'''I think when you sell your company and are no longer the master of driving it, it's quite difficult.''' ,'''In the early '50s, it was still the time of Christian Dior's New Look. Every dress was big and important, and I thought I must do something completely different. Women needed something for daytime that was wearable.''' ,'''Clients become very attached to the fitter who they feel understands them.''' ,'''If fashion is good, it has no epoch.''' ,'''I had the fortune to evolve at a time when fashion was very important, and women dressed themselves very well. A woman who dressed very well also had a husband who would have beautiful collections of art and decorative objects.''' ,'''Encouragement helps you to go one step more, become better.''' ,'''I had this creativity always with this will for perfection, and I always said to myself, 'Look for what's best.' 'That's your goal, your driving principle.'''' ,'''To be a couture designer is not only to create dresses but to adapt your line to your private customers. It is why couture is expensive. You are like a doctor.''' ,'''When I am designing, I keep in mind more the American woman than the French woman.''' ,'''Life is like a book: one has to know when to turn the page.''' ,'''I love to dance, and I love to see people dance. It is good exercise. It gives you a kind of energy.''' ,'''You work around a body and adapt the clothes to your own customer, and this is the interesting part. This is why the haute couture exists: because in ready-to-wear, you have not too much fitting.''' ,'''To change just because of change, that is not my idea at all.''' ,'''Always I remember when I am young, I ask my mother, 'I really want to be a dress designer.' In that time, was quite difficult because, you know, my family always criticize me for it not to be a man's job.''' ,'''Each of my garments is something special in itself. You give all your energy to each piece, to each creation, and I have no favourite. I love all of them equally.''' ,'''I think all beautiful women have a clean look. They like things that are simple.''' ,'''The little black dress is the hardest thing to realize because you must keep it simple.''' ,'''Of course everyone dreams of living in the 17th or the 18th century because of the costumes, but there were so many incommodities.''' ,]
+++