+++
author = "Mickie James"
title = "Mickie James Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mickie James Quotes"
keywords = "mickie james,mickie james quotes,mickie james quote,mickie james sayings,mickie james saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I spent two and a half years in Louisville, and I loved it.''' ,'''I do have little trinkets. I'm a little bit of a hippie, so I have my wisdom rock - it goes with me; it's always in my purse, wherever I go. That's just me, being a hippie.''' ,'''I would really love to win one of the men's championships and throw a complete curve ball, like, out of nowhere.''' ,'''I love being on the road. I sit at home too long, and I start to go a bit stir crazy.''' ,'''I had pretty much accepted the fact I was going to be a stay-at-home mom and do my other adventures in life. I thought coming back to the WWE was out of the cards for me.''' ,'''You don't want to lose the nostalgia of being a superstar.''' ,'''I don't really look at myself as a mentor.''' ,'''Probably the first artist who really captured me was Tim McGraw. His songs 'Don't Take the Girl' and 'Indian Outlaw' were fun, and he was different than a lot of artists.''' ,'''It's cool to be able to give your fans, and people in your life, a look at a lot of things that are going on.''' ,'''I got into wrestling to be a WWE superstar - that was my goal.''' ,'''I didn't want to be Trish Stratus, I didn't want to be Lita, but I wanted to be on their level and to be seen in people's eyes at that level.''' ,'''WrestleMania was one of my greatest matches in my career.''' ,'''I didn't want to be good for a girl: I wanted to be as good, if not better than, all the guys.''' ,'''Sasha Banks stood out. She had tons of personality. I thought she was really good in a sense. I liked her sass and personality.''' ,'''Wrestling will always be a part of me and a part of my life. I just love it too much.''' ,'''I really think that some of the best heels are also those people that can really get reactions as babyfaces, too.''' ,'''I want to keep bettering myself.''' ,'''To see how far female wrestling has come is just inspiring and incredible.''' ,'''I just love working.''' ,'''I have kind of reached the pinnacle of wrestling.''' ,'''The indie shows are tons of fun. And for the fans, having that up close and personal experience is so different to watching wrestling on television at home.''' ,'''Most people know that Lita has been, as far as my wrestling career is concerned, a big influence even before I came to the WWE. We met when I was working the independent scene in North Carolina. She's always been so kind to me and helped me out a lot.''' ,'''I came from the independent scene, and I've wrestled in front of a crowd of four people in a car lot in 104 degrees in Fayetteville, North Carolina.''' ,'''I'm very proud; I have such loyal fans, and they would follow me to the ends of the Earth, and that's an amazing, amazing thing.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Snoop Dogg - he was super-hot when I was in high school - but I also listen to a lot of Tim McGraw.''' ,'''Do I want music, or do I want wrestling? I wanted both.''' ,'''Obviously, my wrestling boots end up going with me everywhere, because you just never know.''' ,'''It kills me to watch bad wrestling; I can't do it.''' ,'''I wanted to start a family, but it wasn't something that I was going to take a break to do.''' ,'''I am very much a perfectionist, so if I were to turn heel, I'd want to be the nastiest girls out there, where the people hated me.''' ,'''I've always loved music. I've worked on music and written music, but, it wasn't until I was actually on the road full time with WWE that I put my first album out.''' ,'''I would love to work with Charlotte Flair.''' ,'''I can't say that I never will or would go back to the WWE. I honestly never intended on leaving until I retired. However we don't choose our destiny. We just live it.''' ,'''I don't kiss and tell.''' ,'''When I retire, I want to retire the right way.''' ,'''I've had to put horses down on the farm before, and it's very, very sad.''' ,'''I definitely want to go down as the greatest of all time. That's what anyone who has ever wanted something believes.''' ,'''I love art, painting, and drawing and studying art, like Rembrandt and Van Gogh.''' ,'''I grew up listening to all music, not just country.''' ,'''I could never see Jeff Hardy as a bad guy, because I just want to hug him. He's an awesome person and super multi-talented.''' ,'''I watched WWE as a child. I was a fan.''' ,'''I have horses.''' ,'''I'm good at wrestling, and I love it with all my heart.''' ,'''You can have a lot of fun playing a bad girl.''' ,'''I was always writing - whether it's ideas, poems, whatever - because we spent so much time in the car traveling from city to city.''' ,'''I've always wanted to sing so badly, but I didn't think it was something that was possible for me. Plus, I didn't think I was good at it.''' ,'''I do not want to get hit in the face for real. I'll get mad.''' ,'''I've had a lot of opportunities to grow inside and out as a performer, artist, and a woman.''' ,'''I would like to take on Charlotte. That would be fun because I've been friends with Ric Flair. He does nothing but brag about her. He is proud of her, as he should be.''' ,'''The most significant thing is to always stay true to yourself. What brought you to where you are will continue to separate you. The thing is to be different.''' ,'''I've learned to not have expectations. If you don't expect things from anyone, you can't get let down.''' ,'''I have known Kofi for such a long time. We were in developmental together in Louisville.''' ,'''My stepfather was a country music fan, and I grew up on a horse farm, so the older country, that's what he listened to.''' ,'''The key is that you never check the championship. You always carry it on. So when you're going through TSA, it's always a treat because, for some reason, they always like to pull it out and hold it way above their head and throw it over their shoulder and put it across their waist, see what it looks like on them.''' ,'''I was honored to be part of the movement in the mid-2000s, and it was definitely a transitional period of women's wrestling because, you know, Lita and Trish were putting on incredible matches and main eventing even before I came up and debuted.''' ,'''I feel like my music at least allows me to release the other side of me, a more vulnerable and sensitive side.''' ,'''I kept doing tryouts, and finally, after five years I got signed by WWE.''' ,'''I love healthy competition, since I already know I'm the best in the world.''' ,'''I don't really follow MMA.''' ,'''I had the desire to be the best in the world.''' ,'''I was fortunate enough to be able to keep my real name and build a whole bio around Mickie James.''' ,'''I have planned my whole future, my whole life. And nine out of 10 times, it never happens the way you want or plan or think it's going to happen.''' ,'''You just have to be true to yourself and do what you love to do.''' ,'''You want to be taken seriously as an artist and not just known as 'that girl wrestler who sings.' So you want to go out and stand on your own legs. But at the same time, I don't negate the fact that without everything I've accomplished in wrestling, I wouldn't have been given so many really cool opportunities on the music side.''' ,'''My mom is my best friend. She's been my biggest supporter through everything.''' ,'''I wanted to have something to fall back on. I got my degree in business administration.''' ,'''I'm going in with the mentality that I'm going to win. If you don't go in there thinking that, you've already beat yourself.''' ,'''I always focus on what is next in my career.''' ,'''Now I find my happiness in my music, what I'm doing in the ring, and being a mom. No one thing controls my happiness.''' ,'''As a heel, you get to make twists and turns that really sell that character so that you can get that genuine kind of heat from people that want to hate you.''' ,'''I'm an artist, a performer... There's an art to what we do to the wrestling... I don't want to really fight anybody.''' ,'''I guarantee you, 9 out of 10 people in the world wouldn't step in the ring and do what I do, nor could they. I think we have one of the hardest jobs in the world.''' ,'''When the lights in the arena turn on, I'm Mickie James all the time.''' ,'''I started at a small school in Virginia, and I learned how to wrestle - at least take falls - in a boxing ring.''' ,'''It's always a big thing when you get to hold the championship because it shows that not only are you capable but that the company as a whole has faith in you.''' ,'''I love English and literature.''' ,'''I think it's human nature to say, 'You're a wrestler. That is what you do.' I think it can be hard sometimes for people to understand that you can have more than one thing you like to do.''' ,'''There was a match in Alaska that I had with Beth Phoenix at a house show where we had a standing ovation from Ric Flair, Triple H, John Cena, and Arn Anderson. I got to work with her so much that we knew each other's body language. Got a standing ovation from the entire locker room. It was amazing.''' ,'''I try to remember who I am and what I come from, because I didn't come from super means. I had to work and pray and try really hard to succeed and get everything that I wanted out of life.''' ,'''I've been doing this close to 19 years now, and I always dreamed of being in the WWE.''' ,'''I'm not against competitive racing. I obviously grew up with horses.''' ,'''I know who Asuka is, I've seen her work in Japan and NXT. She is incredibly talented.''' ,'''We've all had our share of relationships failed.''' ,'''When I was younger, my mom worked at a roller rink, so I'd go all the time. I learned to skate pretty well. I won the limbo all the time.''' ,'''I don't want to retire on the independent scene. I don't want my legacy to be remembered as that.''' ,'''I stopped trying to plan a long time ago - whatever's meant to happen for me in the future will happen.''' ,'''One really never knows what tomorrow holds. That's why you make the most of every moment - good, bad, or indifferent - and own it like only you can.''' ,'''I wanted to help my sister, Latoya, because she's an awesome cook. She's one of the best culinary people I've ever met. She makes awesome cakes, so I was thinking about starting a little coffee shop cafe where she could sell them. I want to open a little, small, mom-and-pop place, but she can also do catering, too.''' ,'''When I fell in love with wrestling, I fell in love with the characters and the over-the-top kind of personalities and the wrestling aspect of it.''' ,'''I've been fortunate enough to really work with amazing people and have incredible people lead me along the way.''' ,'''I think what GFW is doing is cool and unique. They're taking some of the talent you've seen elsewhere or haven't had a chance to see before because there's so much talent everywhere.''' ,'''To be inducted into the Hall of Fame is a huge honor for any one person in this industry. It not only gives you credibility as the mark you made in the pages of history to the fans, but notoriety for the path you paved for everyone who followed in your footsteps.''' ,'''To be a true star, you need to find that balance in between shining the light on the professional wrestling aspect, of being the absolute best in the ring, but also being the best character and finding that balance in between them.''' ,'''You can teach anybody wrestling moves, hopefully, if they have an athletic bone in their body. However, the ones that are going to make money and be different are the ones with personality.''' ,'''I've always wanted to run my horse farm.''' ,'''With my second album, eOne Music really wanted me to rock it up a little bit.''' ,'''Before Lita, women weren't doing moonsaults, hurricanrana, and other high-flying maneuvers. I think she really changed the game in the women's division.''' ,'''I wanted to be one of the best in the business, whether it was male or female.''' ,'''I've always believed that I performed better under pressure.''' ,'''When people have a passion and desire, it burns through and shows.''' ,]
+++