+++
author = "Pete Carroll"
title = "Pete Carroll Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Pete Carroll Quotes"
keywords = "pete carroll,pete carroll quotes,pete carroll quote,pete carroll sayings,pete carroll saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The thing that always strikes me is how much power one person has. Everybody has so much power to help and to change if they just exercise it and get after it.''' ,'''In 1999, I got fired as coach of New England. In three years in New England, we actually did better than most people think. We were 27-21, won the AFC division title, went to the playoffs twice.''' ,'''I am an example of a person who got zeroed into a philosophy early.''' ,'''Once you're a football player, you're a football player for life. You always think of yourself in terms of that. We all do. It's hard to get rid of when you can't play anymore.''' ,'''Think of your favorite teacher you ever had in school: the one who made it the most fun to go to class. They surprise you. They keep you guessing. They keep you coming back, wanting to know what's going to happen next.''' ,'''I was the best guy, you know, all through Little League and Pop Warner and that kind of stuff. But when I went to high school, I was undersized. I didn't grow. I was behind the whole puberty cycle. I didn't like high school.''' ,'''People make mistakes all the time. We learn and grow. If there's patience and love, and you care for people, you can work them through it, and they can find their greatest heights.''' ,'''Dancers work and they work and they work, and they master their skills so far that improvisation just comes flowing out of them. Their natural expression of the best they can possibly be comes out of them because there is no boundary to hold them back... That's the mentality that I'm trying to create, recreate and hold on to forever.''' ,'''Each person holds so much power within themselves that needs to be let out. Sometimes they just need a little nudge, a little direction, a little support, a little coaching, and the greatest things can happen.''' ,'''My mom was really cool. She's the one that gave me the mentality about believing in myself and trusting it, that I was always gonna be okay, and that I could do things in a special way. She just pumped me up, you know?''' ,'''At the highest level in the NFL, the pass game is as complex as you can imagine.''' ,'''It isn't about the words you say. It's about the energetic message you send.''' ,]
+++