+++
author = "Matt Serra"
title = "Matt Serra Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Matt Serra Quotes"
keywords = "matt serra,matt serra quotes,matt serra quote,matt serra sayings,matt serra saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You gotta have a thick skin to be a fighter.''' ,'''When Joe Silva called me with the Trigg fight, I said, 'Hell yeah.' It's a matchup that excites me a lot.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong, I love my family, but I love teaching and hanging out with the guys.''' ,'''What I pull off in sparring I should be able to pull off in a fight.''' ,'''Chris Weidman is a stud.''' ,'''The glass is always half full for me.''' ,'''If I beat Hughes they'll say he was done before our fight. There's always going to be those guys that play up the negative part of it, I don't pay too much attention to that.''' ,'''I always loved cornering.''' ,'''I beat St. Pierre, who's a physical specimen, a better wrestler, and supposedly a better striker. People thought I was gonna get killed. But I have experience in wars with the best guys in the world. I knew at the very least he'd be in the hospital with me.''' ,'''I never missed weight.''' ,'''I don't get caught up in the hype, the so-called experts, the Internet; they're not in there with us.''' ,'''I just want fights that will be fun for me and fun for everybody involved, especially the fans.''' ,'''I'd love to fight Matt Hughes again.''' ,'''I'm not the guy to get beat down when I shouldn't have gotten beaten down.''' ,'''I worked night security for Estee Lauder. It was horrible. I worked from midnight till 8 in the morning. I did that just so I could sleep during the day, then go into Manhattan to train with Renzo at night. I would train, then go work all night in a guard booth.''' ,'''I was a normal height back in the day.''' ,'''I get to help a lot of teenagers and kids that were maybe like me when they were younger. Now they have the jiujitsu so they can compete and be tough guys that way.''' ,'''My teachers used to point to the jail across the street and say that's where my fists would land me.''' ,'''I'm not gonna start bragging about my credentials, but I love jiu-jitsu and I've been on the mat awhile, and I'm a jedi and whatnot.''' ,'''If you talk to somebody else, they can say whatever they want about you, but I'm pretty secure with what I've done and my fights. Win or lose, it's all experience, and it shapes the person you are and the instructor you are.''' ,'''I consider the Diaz brothers friends. They're like extended family, them being under Cesar and me being under Renzo, we've always had mutual respect. They're such respectful guys. People don't know that about them, but they really are.''' ,'''Look, when my career is over and done with, I'm the one who can look back and say that I was the champ.''' ,'''I don't need to kickbox or box every day.''' ,'''I do believe that 'Aljo' could be world champion. If you look at the fighters he's faced and beaten, they're high caliber people. He's also faced and overcome adversity, including back-to-back losses in fights he could have won.''' ,'''Once that cage shuts, I'm the one in control of my destiny.''' ,'''I'm always involved with training and the martial arts. It's not like I go to a desk job somewhere and then throw on the gloves.''' ,'''I don't like feeling too tight. Like if you bench too much, you feel like you can't move your arms right.''' ,'''I'm very secure with my career. I had a great time. Now it's time to sit back like Al Bundy and talk about past glories.''' ,'''When I was younger and I'd get into scraps, someone would throw a punch, but next thing you know it's on the ground.''' ,'''I knew I wanted to learn jiu-jitsu and maybe one day I would have a challenge match or something like one of those crazy in-action things.''' ,'''They had to cut me open through my armpit and cut through whatever they had to cut through and get my rib out.''' ,'''My mental's always there - the physical's not always there.''' ,'''What is a 'lucky punch?' Who do these people think I was trying to punch in the face if not Georges? Seriously - where did the luck come into it? I got him hurt and didn't let him off the hook.''' ,'''I get chubby real quick.''' ,'''This game has such extreme highs and lows.''' ,'''I'm confident in what I can do.''' ,'''It is not overwhelming, like you are George Clooney, but at the Starbucks, at the 7-Eleven or walking around Manhattan or the Roosevelt Field Mall, I do get recognized. It's nice.''' ,'''Who's held down Gaethje and beat him up? Nobody. He's so powerful, cardio never seems to be a problem.''' ,'''I love hanging out with my kids, my family. That's something you never really anticipate or understand it until you have a family.''' ,'''I felt like I lived my movie, my 'Rocky' movie. So that was cool.''' ,'''I don't gotta walk around like Mr. Macho Man.''' ,'''I'm not going to get a shot at the title and be timid, that's for sure.''' ,'''Even if you see me with some pasta, I'm still strangling and arm-locking people at least five days a week and I need that.''' ,'''Dominick Cruz is the unluckiest fighter of all time. I mean the injuries that this guy's had.''' ,'''I like that people think I'm going to lose.''' ,'''I ain't tall, but I'm not angry. I'm not angry about not being tall. I like it. It's like the automatic underdog all the time. So it's awesome.''' ,'''I've always bragged that I fought some guys in the Hall of Fame, legends like B.J. Penn and Matt Hughes and they always knew they were in a fight, but now I'm in there, so I can't even use that line.''' ,'''I'll crack jokes in the locker room, I don't care. I don't gotta impress nobody.''' ,'''I don't go out of my way to be a smack talker, you can ask me about anyone and I'll give you my honest opinion.''' ,'''Aljo has already beaten a former world champion in Renan Barao, and I thought he fought masterfully, using all these ranges beautifully. He's like the Black Panther showing the world who he is.''' ,'''I'm not that guy who says, please can I get a fight?''' ,'''When I beat GSP it's not like I was getting my butt handed to me and I just closed my eyes and landed a punch.''' ,'''You never know what could happen with injuries.''' ,'''I am an expert on the floor and I am dangerous in all areas, not to toot my own horn.''' ,'''When you lose, people that you think aren't going to come at you, will come at you, because they're haters.''' ,'''In this game, experience counts a lot.''' ,'''I'm the first American black belt under Renzo Gracie.''' ,'''I always look at things in a positive light.''' ,'''I'm proud of everything I've done with the UFC.''' ,'''I'm a New Yorker, I say what's on my mind, because not being that way, what's the point of that? People may think this is hype, but you look back before at my other fights and you see that I don't talk trash.''' ,'''I'm not the type of guy to be begging for a fight.''' ,'''I know Lytle likes to bang, but I wouldn't be surprised if he tries to take me down. Not for fear of my hands, but strategically he could look to put me down. He's shown he's very dangerous with submissions. His ground game has been very underrated.''' ,'''I don't want to take my shirt off on TV.''' ,'''You know what's not around anymore? There's no code anymore. There's no loyalty.''' ,'''I've known B.J. for so long, I love the dude, he's a really good person... The guy's a legend. He can do whatever he wants. I wish him best.''' ,'''When I'm an old dude in a rocking chair, I'll have these great war stories.''' ,'''You can't sit around and go 'what if.'''' ,'''I'm the Rocky of MMA.''' ,'''I fight the way I train, the way I spar.''' ,'''Seriously, you tell me, if you aim at something, and then hit it time and time again, was it luck or did you just do what you were trying to do?''' ,'''I'm old school.''' ,'''I need my jiu-jitsu, man.''' ,'''I was a decent-sized kid growing up. I was never a small kid.''' ,'''I've had a great career I feel.''' ,'''I love my schools. I love teaching. I change lives.''' ,'''Listen I'm not going into a fight with Matt Hughes thinking that this guy is done. There's a reason the guy is going to be a Hall of Famer.''' ,'''You want to know what's really exciting? In Montreal, it's called a Patrick Cote house party.''' ,'''The thing is this, this sport you deal with a lot of guys in this sport and most of them are cool.''' ,'''No matter what I think about Matt Hughes, and it's not much, he's a dangerous opponent.''' ,'''It's a rarity in this sport that you really get a guy that's not a good person. I think we've found that in Matt Hughes.''' ,'''I don't watch any sports; I'm just being honest.''' ,'''Whenever there's something you've done that everybody and their mother said you couldn't do, and it was like an impossible feat, of course, it's awesome.''' ,'''You want to push a guy up against a cage, there's nothing like pushing a car.''' ,'''Everybody sees it and thinks it's so exciting. They don't realize it's a professional sport. Everyone wants to be an ultimate fighter until they get hit.''' ,'''Life is short and so am I.''' ,'''You can think somebody's stealing from the cookie jar, but if you don't catch him you don't catch him.''' ,'''When you're used to fighting in a cage, nothing scares you.''' ,'''I'm a black belt and have been since 2000.''' ,'''Me and Hughes, we're two different kinds of people.''' ,'''I'm the farthest thing from a hater if any of the former guys do the post UFC commentary shows. I would never knock anybody for doing them.''' ,'''Ronda's got phenomenal grappling, but the way she enters, she's striking her way into the clinch, which is much harder to do on such a dynamic striker with all the movement Holly Holm possesses.''' ,'''Whoever you talk to, I'm either overrated or underrated. It's all who you to talk to.''' ,'''There are no rules out in the street. And if you're a nice guy, you'll wake up in a hospital.''' ,'''We're not bad sportsmen.''' ,'''Georges has been running through top competition.''' ,'''The thing is, against guys like GSP or Anderson Silva, many guys are beaten before they step into the cage.''' ,'''I judge how I'm going to fight by how I'm fighting in the gym, and that's how I'm going to perform.''' ,'''I'm on the mat six times a week, so I got on the TRT. I had some back issues and I'm always on he mat, so I had my levels checked. So I went and my things were in the 300s or whatever, so I'm like really, wow... so I'm a candidate?''' ,'''I would love to put closure on my career with one last fight at the Garden, but at the same time, if that doesn't happen, I definitely consider myself done.''' ,]
+++