+++
author = "Cris Collinsworth"
title = "Cris Collinsworth Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Cris Collinsworth Quotes"
keywords = "cris collinsworth,cris collinsworth quotes,cris collinsworth quote,cris collinsworth sayings,cris collinsworth saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a white wide receiver and that's revolutionary.''' ,'''We do plenty of high praise, but if a play deserves to be criticized or I don't believe he belongs in the game, the fans deserve to hear it.''' ,'''You have to be who you are.''' ,'''I do think I had a big advantage for the first four years I was in broadcasting, that no one really saw me. One of the big disadvantages superstar players have is they go right to the 'A' game, or the studio. I got the obscurity, making mistakes, learning from them and surviving them.''' ,'''Lots of guys have tried to impersonate John Madden and it just doesn't work.''' ,'''I'm looking for a job where I can sleep late and have my afternoons free with a lot of money. But those jobs seem to all be filled for some reason.''' ,'''I never cheer for anybody to be injured.''' ,'''You really don't get into a groove until you play two or three games.''' ,'''My dad always said, 'There's no limit to the amount of people you can entertain as long as you're willing to be the butt of the joke.' And I've made a pretty good living off of that over the years.''' ,'''For the most part, teams don't want distractions.''' ,'''If Ryan Kalil isn't the game's best center, he's pretty darn close to it.''' ,'''John Madden is just special.''' ,'''I didn't want people to see me driving a new car and living in a high style and then playing poorly.''' ,'''People can see through a phony.''' ,'''It's nice to know there's a way to pay the bills other than third-and-8 and getting your bell rung.''' ,'''I don't think anybody could understand what its like to be an athlete at Harvard University.''' ,'''I love Cincinnati and the fans and players are great.''' ,'''It's always irked me that they always say the white receiver has great hands or runs great routes or is a possession receiver.''' ,'''In 2014, I bought controlling interest in Pro Football Focus. At the time we had 60 employees evaluating every player on every play of the NFL season.''' ,'''Sometimes people who seem to have It made complain the loudest when things don't go right and I don't want to be that kind of person.''' ,'''I've said all along that someday I wanted to go back home and play in Flordia. I played high school and college ball in Flordia and all my ties are back home.''' ,'''I've been playing the Super Bowl in my backyard ever since I was In the third grade. I've been making some great catches, too. Me and Lynn Swann and John Stallworth and the guys.''' ,'''Who the heck wants to go to school after you just played in the Super Bowl?''' ,'''I've had so many conversations over the years with Phil Simms about just grinding it out and winning ugly.''' ,'''You try to teach toughness and to hit hard, and also say to be safe and don't hurt anybody - there's a contradiction there. The very fundamental question for the long road is, Do you want your kids playing football? That's the scary question, especially for the N.F.L.''' ,'''In college, the students and alumni are generally 100 percent behind the team. Only the coach gets the blame when something goes wrong.''' ,'''You can't believe how hard it is to be yourself.''' ,'''I feel if football doesn't work out for me, I can always become a rock star.''' ,'''I'm not gonna deny it, I walk around with hundred dollar bills hanging out of my pocket.''' ,'''I get free meals in Cincinnati restaurants, girls scream when I just walk into a room.''' ,'''No matter what anybody says, they cannot keep up with all 32 teams in the NFL, and certainly not 32 NFL teams and 100 college teams.''' ,'''You don't name something after something derogatory. You wouldn't name your child something derogatory. You wouldn't name your team something derogatory.''' ,'''I'd be less than honest if I said I didn't have my doubts as to whether my children should be playing football.''' ,'''I try to emulate the Lynn Swanns, and the John Jeffersons and the fact they're black or white has nothing to do with it.''' ,'''I believe in Daniel Snyder. I believe in his great passion for the Washington Redskins.''' ,'''The hardest thing in the world is to know as much about any team as a good, solid fan in that area.''' ,'''God forbid I do the 'Electric Slide' at a wedding or something. People would lose their minds.''' ,'''Kaepernick could throw a baseball 94 mph.''' ,'''In order to play this game, at one point in your life you've got to be a little mentally deranged. And every once in a while, you've got to call upon that sickness and make it work for you.''' ,'''Doing the games for the NFL Network on Thursday night on a short week, that's work.''' ,'''I've always been a big fan of what Ron Rivera and Sean McDermott have been able to put together on the defensive side.''' ,'''Most of us have been in a street fight at one point or another and it's not always the best athlete that wins. Sometimes it's a tough guy that surprises people and I think that still has a major role in football, which is why the numbers don't always decide things.''' ,'''Whether you're going to fail or succeed, you've got to be yourself.''' ,'''I never shut up.''' ,'''I tell my kids all the time, 'I want you to be a great athlete, I want you to be great academically, I want you to achieve a lot of things, but mostly I want you to be a great person. If none of the other stuff happens and you're a great person, then I'm okay with anything else that happens in your life - that's the highest standard.'''' ,'''Nobody does better when they're upset than Tom Brady.''' ,'''That's always going to be the issue though when you're playing with a young quarterback. There's going to be ups and downs.''' ,'''PFF has already changed the way I think about building a team and play-calling. I can remember a time when everybody thought Andy Reid was crazy for passing 60% of the time.''' ,'''You don't want to get nervous or uptight. Nobody plays well that way.''' ,'''I love CeeDee Lamb coming out of the draft. I just really did. And Amari Cooper is one of the best one-on-one route runners.''' ,'''It should be easier for athletes to be students.''' ,'''Projecting NFL games is impossible.''' ,'''Pro athletes don't even practice as much as college players.''' ,'''Let's face it: Most teams don't like distractions.''' ,'''In college, I might see three different coverages in an entire game. In the pros, you see three different coverages on three consecutive plays. The quality of athletes in the NFL is better, too.''' ,'''If all you had to be was a comedian to be a good football player. Bob Hope would be great. But you have to perform.''' ,'''Football is much more than 1,500 N.F.L. players. You've got to realize that the N.F.L. sets the standard for young players. Whatever they see on TV, that's what football is.''' ,'''In the NFL, we get paid to play and people expect us to perform.''' ,'''To be able to say you're a state 100-yard dash champion from the state of Florida it just doesn't get a whole lot better than that.''' ,'''I've actually made a science out of how to brag about my daughter.''' ,'''Daniel Jones has enough skills to play in the NFL at a high level.''' ,'''Growing up is hard enough. When you have to deal with adults all day, it's just that much more difficult.''' ,'''The funny thing about this business is the only time I get praised is for being critical, but I don't want that to be my sole reputation as an announcer.''' ,'''Some people were arrogant jerks when they made $50,000 and some are arrogant jerks making $25 million. People are people, but 95 percent of NFL players are great guys.''' ,'''One of the things that makes NFL Films unique and has for so long is they can take you inside the huddle. They can take you to the line of scrimmage.''' ,'''High school girls love me. Fourteen to eighteen, I'm a big star with them.''' ,'''Whether it's Al Michaels, when the earthquake happened in San Francisco and his ability to handle it like Walter Cronkite would have handled it, or Bob Costas with his overview of what's happening with worldly events at the Olympics and the perspective that he has there, you know these guys are so well read.''' ,'''I played in the Super Bowl in my first year, and the last game I ever played in was the Super Bowl. There's something to be said for going out on a high note.''' ,'''I think free agency changed the league more than the money. Teams had to build better facilities, coaches had to develop more personal relationships with the players and recruiting became such a big part of winning and losing.''' ,'''It's so easy to confirm what you believe about somebody by the numbers how fast they are, how tall they are, how strong they are, how smart they are. And yet football is always been a game where heart, determination and strength of will and character has so much to do with it.''' ,'''Hey, I learned early the game of football is just that, a game, and you can't get too uptight. If things get too terrible, you can always go out and get another job somewheres else.''' ,'''The one thing I learned from five years of law school is that I definitely didn't want to be an attorney.''' ,'''John Madden is arguably the greatest broadcaster of all time, but I don't want to be John Madden.''' ,'''I like girls that aren't too bright because you can trick 'em a little bit.''' ,'''There aren't many people in the world that were on television in the history of God's green earth talking to 110 million people.''' ,'''At Florida, I could outrun or out jump a lot of players. But everyone in this league runs either a 4.4 or 4.5 and can jump out of the stadium.''' ,'''You know, I'm really bad at apologies. I'm just really bad at 'em.''' ,'''I have an accounting degree and a law degree and had never really used either.''' ,'''I know the fastest way for me to get acclaim is to criticize the league. I can do that tomorrow. I come out and criticize the league, and they're all going to be writing stories about how edgy I am. The problem comes in, what happens if you feel the other way?''' ,'''There is nothing that anybody could do to make me any prouder of my daughter than what she's accomplishing at Harvard.''' ,'''Whatever the name of their favorite team or whatever city I'm in, everybody is completely convinced that I hate not any other team, just their team.''' ,'''Remember that free speech is about the government can't infringe on your free-speech right. It says nothing about an employer - and what they can do to your free speech right. You've got the right to say it. But if you're working for somebody, they have the right to do whatever they want as well.''' ,'''I have said things to people on the field and in business that I cannot believe came out of my mouth.When you compete with all you have, you reach some place deeper in your soul than most people know exists. That's why I love it. Business has taken me back to that competitive spot.''' ,'''Trai Turner does some things that really turn your head.''' ,'''Every year at the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis, PFF meets with nearly every team.''' ,'''I'm thoroughly convinced that people want info-tainment.''' ,'''D'Brickashaw Ferguson is not an overpowering guy, but a good pass blocker.''' ,'''Doing studio shows... you don't get the details of the league.''' ,'''For a football fan, there might be nothing better than watching a playoff game at Lambeau Field - and seeing it decided, dramatically, in overtime.''' ,'''Sometimes pitchers' duels are just as interesting as home-run affairs.''' ,'''It seems every white receiver has the same thing said about him: He's supposed to be good on third and five. He's supposed to run good pass routes.''' ,'''I have so much respect for the country, I don't like blanket indictments. There's a lot of really great things about this country.''' ,'''As a player, I never, never feared getting hurt, but I feared being embarrassed.''' ,'''When I broadcast my first NFL game during the 1989 season, I had absolutely no idea what to study or how to study. NBC provided me with a handful of newspaper articles, we watched some film at the team facility on Friday before the game, and we interviewed some players and coaches.''' ,'''Believe me, I'm not longing for the days when I was going to become a lawyer. Especially come tax time.''' ,'''You can be anything else, but if you're the 100-yard dash winner, you're the fastest guy, and that's it.''' ,'''I thank goodness every day that I played in the no-huddle, and it was Sam Wyche in Cincinnati who's really one of the innovators of the no-huddle.''' ,'''Most of the really stupid comments I've made in my years in Cincinnati are concerning bachelorhood.''' ,'''The smartest guys are the best broadcasters.''' ,'''Anytime you see somebody get hurt in this country and it's on television, and it seems unfair... I hope every human being in the United States feels some pain with that.''' ,]
+++