+++
author = "Erin Cummings"
title = "Erin Cummings Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Erin Cummings Quotes"
keywords = "erin cummings,erin cummings quotes,erin cummings quote,erin cummings sayings,erin cummings saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do hear about these actors who go on vacations to Bali for three months, and their agents are banging their heads against a wall trying to find their clients - but that's not me. I'm working hard every day. Enjoy your vacation.''' ,'''My cell phone bill and my cable gets cut off all the time. Not because I don't have the money, but because I just forget to pay my bills.''' ,'''A lot of the characters I end up playing have a certain degree of glamour or sexiness, but I like it when you can have some other element that makes it much more interesting.''' ,'''I think it's true for men and for women, if you are even remotely attractive, people will assume you're just another pretty face and you don't have the work ethic or the talent to put in the time to flesh out a career.''' ,'''My goal was never to be famous, but to be a consistently working actor.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you are solely responsible for your success and your failure. And the sooner you realize that, you accept that, and integrate that into your work ethic, you will start being successful. As long as you blame others for the reason you aren't where you want to be, you will always be a failure.''' ,'''Almost all of my jobs have been on locations. And I think you can be that person who says, 'I have a job that forces me to travel and I'm just going to go ahead and do it and pray for my next flight home.' Or 'this is where I am, this is my life, let me see a part of this world I now live in.'''' ,'''All four of my grandparents were educators, my mom was a school nurse, and I went through the public school system.''' ,'''When I thought about Detroit, I would think big city, very urban - not a lot of places to walk around, not a lot of parks. I sort of pictured Manhattan almost, where, besides Central Park, it's all city and big buildings. But now that I'm here, you see people pushing strollers, people hanging out in the park.''' ,'''I can read in any book and newspaper about the city of Detroit, but I want to hear what the people in Detroit have to say about Detroit. My best education is actually talking to people.''' ,'''I am a Cajun Baby in a Texas girl, an all-American woman and a global goddess.''' ,]
+++