+++
author = "Charlie Crist"
title = "Charlie Crist Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Charlie Crist Quotes"
keywords = "charlie crist,charlie crist quotes,charlie crist quote,charlie crist sayings,charlie crist saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Half a century ago, Ronald Reagan, the man whose relentless optimism inspired me to enter politics, famously said that he didn't leave the Democratic Party; the party left him. I can certainly relate. I didn't leave the Republican Party; it left me.''' ,'''President Obama has a strong record of doing what is best for America and Florida, and he built it by spending more time worrying about what his decisions would mean for the people than for his political fortunes.''' ,'''I'll be honest with you, I don't agree with President Obama about everything. But I've gotten to know him, I've worked with him, and the choice is crystal clear.''' ,'''You can trust Charlie Crist.''' ,'''I'm a conservative, and I'm a compassionate conservative. And I think it's important that Florida continues to move in that direction.''' ,'''I don't want a lot of bureaucracy... I want to run state government the same way we run a campaign - efficient, effective and victorious.''' ,'''When I was a Republican governor, he was obviously a Democratic president, but on issue after issue after issue, President Obama was very helpful to us in education, in the environment, with the handling of the BP oil spill.''' ,'''As a former lifelong Republican, it pains me to tell you that today's Republicans - and their standard-bearers, Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan - just aren't up to the task. They're beholden to 'my way or the highway' bullies, indebted to billionaires who bankroll ads and allergic to the very idea of compromise.''' ,'''It's more important to promote a culture of life. What I mean by that is that I believe what we need to do is not change the law, but change hearts.''' ,'''I'm pro-life. I'm pro-gun. I'm pro-family. And I'm pro-business.''' ,'''You know, as attorney general, there's no issue more important than making sure you are safe, that your families are safe.''' ,'''I'm here tonight, not as a Republican, not as a Democrat, but as an optimistic American who understands that we must come together behind the one man who can lead the way forward in these challenging times: my president, our president, Barack Obama!''' ,'''When I look at President Obama, I see a leader with a cool head, a caring heart and an open mind, a president who has demonstrated through his demeanor and through his deeds that he is uniquely qualified to heal our divisions, rebuild our nation and lead us to a brighter future together.''' ,'''As Realtors, you live and breathe the American dream.''' ,'''I'll continue to fight for school choice and home schooling. Do I believe in accountability? You bet I do.''' ,]
+++