+++
author = "Hiten Tejwani"
title = "Hiten Tejwani Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Hiten Tejwani Quotes"
keywords = "hiten tejwani,hiten tejwani quotes,hiten tejwani quote,hiten tejwani sayings,hiten tejwani saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't think I will be able to quit small screen.''' ,'''The people of U.P. are very simple and grounded. They take pleasure in admiring arts and cinema. This is why it is emerging as a big market for filmmakers.''' ,'''For films, like my serials, I am looking for roles that help me evolve in the character.''' ,'''A job in the television industry does not come with a guarantee. Your show might be axed, your character may get killed or you might be replaced.''' ,'''Reality show was an option and so we did 'Nach Baliye.' Looking back, the journey was very nice, with lots of ups and downs.''' ,'''The values my parents taught me were the best gift I ever got.''' ,'''I always took a stand for what I felt right.''' ,'''All that I am today, every part of my success and experience- it's all because of TV.''' ,'''I would only give one piece of advice which I followed myself. Somewhere down the line don't lose yourself. Just be what you are. Don't try to be a different person.''' ,'''It was love at first sight and luckily, neither of us had to propose as we both knew we wanted to stay together... Gauri is my whole world. She is my anchor.''' ,'''I do cardio once in the morning or evening.''' ,'''There are so many roles that actors like Nawazuddin Siddiqui or Manoj Bajpayee or Irrfan have done. And they make every character iconic. They are the masters of their art... I want to be like that.''' ,'''I have been a part of several shows, however this is the first time I am hosting a crime reality show. 'Savdhaan India' is a unique show that showcases how ordinary people have fought crime and stood up for their rights.''' ,'''I have always wanted to get into Bollywood.''' ,'''Any job, whether it's your own or salaried, needs your personal attention.''' ,'''U.P. gives me very positive vibes as an artist.''' ,'''It was a great experience working in 'Nach Baliye.'''' ,'''I went into 'Bigg Boss' because I wanted to experience what it was like. It was more disorienting than I had bargained for. I began to forget the names of people in my life. It got scary.''' ,'''I have done a lot of TV shows.''' ,'''Like they say, boss is always right. In case of marriage, wife is always right.''' ,'''With TV, you don't get much time to prepare. It's all done that day itself, on the set. Shoot, and leave.''' ,'''My kids are very active and want to know about everything. I like to be around to teach them stuff.''' ,'''Frankly, I just come to the sets, complete my work and go away.''' ,'''In an acting career, you need to reach a stage where you can say 'Thank you very much, I can't do this role because I have done this before or I don't like it.'''' ,'''My marriage with Gauri is the best thing that could ever happen to me.''' ,'''If something interesting comes in terms of lead roles, I am game for it.''' ,'''There are many kids who are greedy or don't appreciate things or take things for granted but it's not their fault. It's the parents who have to show and teach them the difference between right and wrong.''' ,'''There is no doubt that the sets are unhygienic but you really can't do much about it because we have to shoot, come what may.''' ,'''Bigg Boss' for me was a different experience altogether and if I get a chance to push my boundaries again, I would love to be a part of it.''' ,'''When my wife Gauri visited the 'Bigg Boss' house, I can't tell you how overjoyed I was to see her. The level of isolation in that house hit me hard when I saw her there.''' ,'''I worked in 'Ghar Ek Mandir,' 'Kaahin Kissi Roz' and 'Kabhi Sauten Kabhi Saheli,' but it was 'Kutumb' which was the turning point.''' ,'''Nothing can match the feeling you get when you finally get something after waiting for it for a long time.''' ,'''Yes, I was married once, before Gauri entered my life.''' ,'''The kind of love and appreciation that I get each day is because of the characters I play on TV.''' ,'''It's not that we try and work together, people want to see us together. When Gauri gets some serial, it's not that I have to do it.''' ,'''I don't have an exact picture of where I aim to see myself, but I want to do something which will be an example for everyone. If anyone is giving a reference for good work, then they should think of me.''' ,'''I love talking, even to strangers.''' ,'''I think when you play a negative character you cannot restrict yourself. You can go wild.''' ,'''My family was bothered because I was a graduate but didn't pursue a job. I used to spend the entire day doing theatre, and at that time, there was no money in theatre.''' ,'''The audiences don't connect with the role if you haven't given in your best.''' ,'''You need to look lean. Luckily, I am not on heavier side.''' ,'''It's not as if people don't know my real age or anything. It's like you're watching a college drama where someone's playing a father, a mother or even a grand father, but every one knows they are actually college students.''' ,''''Bigg Boss' is not at all scripted. Though sometimes it seems that fights between the contestants are already pre-planned but living for over two months in the show, I know that nothing is planned and scripted.''' ,'''On TV, one hardly gets opportunities to experiment.''' ,'''I always wanted to become an actor but I wanted to act in films. But when I saw there are really good opportunities on television, I shifted focus to television.''' ,'''When I get a role similar to the ones I have played earlier, I try to do something different with the part.''' ,'''There are many young and new directors, who have fabulous concepts and story ideas, and this is why I do their films. And the bottom line is, when I was a newcomer, someone gave me a chance too.''' ,'''There is a constant projection of stereotypes and 'saas-bahu' sagas that keep getting popular as opposed to some experimental storylines.''' ,'''Through 'Bigg Boss' I got a chance to meet 18 different kinds of people and have now learnt to deal with them.''' ,'''I am going to oblige all my TV commitments, and if films work out, I will make a graceful exit.''' ,'''The audience does not want to watch the same show for three years or more.''' ,'''It is always comfortable and easy to work with your life-partner because the chemistry is already there. You don't have to work towards it, whereas if you have to make an effort, then it can look artificial and forced on screen.''' ,'''There are many factors that make a serial hit or flop, but what is important is the character.''' ,'''I have not been following 'Bigg Boss' that much but after being on the show and being on the other side I am sure I would want to watch it and know all about the contestants.''' ,'''I'd beg to differ from the common perception that real-life soul mates don't make a good pair on camera.''' ,'''My idea of opening a restaurant was important. The whole point is that I couldn't have been totally dependent on acting for my income... even though I want to remain in the field of entertainment forever.''' ,'''I think everyone should be a parent at some point in life.''' ,'''I want to play roles where my absence should be felt. It may not necessarily be a lead role, but my character should be crucial to the show.''' ,'''I don't want to act just to run my house.''' ,'''I take life as it comes and am a chilled out kind of guy.''' ,'''You have to steal time to be with family. You will always be busy, so just prioritise. I plan outings with my wife Gauri, whether it's a quiet dinner or a brief vacation.''' ,'''Since I used to be busy with my work, it was just Gauri who would look after both the children. She has been a marvellous mother.''' ,'''As an actor, I want to explore films.''' ,'''Frankly speaking, I feel anyone who starts acting, be it in theater, TV, or even advertisements, is looking at Bollywood.''' ,'''I am a good father in real life, that's why I'm able to play a good father on screen so convincingly.''' ,'''The normal perception is that you expect your partner to change for you. But you have to remember that you have married the other person because of the way he or she is.''' ,'''Bigg Boss' is kind of a real world and now I've figured out a way to deal with things in the outside world in a better way.''' ,'''I will never say that I'm quitting television for films.''' ,'''I won't mind playing a baddie if the character is exciting.''' ,'''I used to work for 14 to 15 hours. But since I have got married, Gauri is very strict that I should get home by 10 P. M.''' ,'''Swayamvar' is one of the most anticipated and sought after shows on television and I am elated to be a part of it.''' ,'''If I can, I would like to do as many different roles in a year because then there is no stagnation. That used to happen when I played one role in a serial for years. When a show goes on for years and is delivering ratings, you didn't get the chance to take up other roles and shows.''' ,'''It's great to have something to fall back upon. I don't come from a business family; so I thought of starting something so that my kids also have some backing in future.''' ,'''Whenever I get time from my TV shoots, say 10-15 days at a stretch, that's when I complete shooting for films.''' ,'''One should work out for a fit body, energy and stamina, too and not just to lose weight.''' ,'''I remember as a kid, my two brothers and I had to share gifts. We couldn't afford to have one for each of us. Today, when I buy a gift I have to buy for both my kids as I can't give something to only one of them.''' ,'''I eat a proper breakfast with green tea, boiled eggs and muesli or oatmeal after my 45-minute daily workout.''' ,'''When I joined 'Kumkum,' I was excited because the character had grey shades.''' ,'''Actors can lose their jobs easily, so we need a back-up plan, an alternate business to fall back on.''' ,'''I started my career by doing plays in theatre.''' ,'''Divorce isn't the best thing that can happen to anyone.''' ,'''I played the lead in 'Kutumb,' my debut serial. But after that if I had been stubborn asking for lead roles, just a few shows would have come my way.''' ,'''It wasn't a conscious decision to pick only positive roles. Things just fell into place.''' ,'''Luckily, I don't have a sweet tooth nor I eat rice.''' ,'''I was always interested in designing - in fact, I styled my own look for my role in 'Kasauti Zindagi Kay' with the hood, bling and loose pants, which was novel back in 2006.''' ,'''People are ready to take good actors, irrespective of whether he is a TV actor or a filmstar.''' ,'''No one likes to play grandfather, especially when you are a father of two toddlers in real life.''' ,'''Besides 'Mahabharat,' I am also acting in two serials - 'Karam Apnaa Apnaa' and 'Kyunki.' Three serials at one time mean I won't have time for anything else.''' ,'''Men do not delve deep into things like women do.''' ,'''Like, with 'Bigg Boss,' we all are friends and we might meet once the show is over. However, post those obligatory interactions, everyone gets busy with their lives and it is hard to stay in touch.''' ,'''I did 'Chhoti Bahu' because I had a negative role in the show.''' ,'''I am living my childhood with my kids, although it's true that responsibilities have increased.''' ,'''I can't sit idle, as I love to work.''' ,'''I have started my own restaurant.''' ,'''Kyunki' will never end. The way the story is going I don't see an end. People always complain that it's dragging along but they have to watch it every night!''' ,'''I have never shied away from looking old or playing older roles on TV, since I feel my audiences know the real me, so why not have fun with roles that are not me.''' ,'''With cinema it's a different ballgame, you really don't know how the audience will react, so one has to tread carefully.''' ,'''I am a complete workaholic and hate sitting idle.''' ,]
+++