+++
author = "Andy Grove"
title = "Andy Grove Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Andy Grove Quotes"
keywords = "andy grove,andy grove quotes,andy grove quote,andy grove sayings,andy grove saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There is at least one point in the history of any company when you have to change dramatically to rise to the next level of performance. Miss that moment - and you start to decline.''' ,'''Privacy is one of the biggest problems in this new electronic age.''' ,'''The Internet doesn't change everything. It doesn't change supply and demand.''' ,'''If the world operates as one big market, every employee will compete with every person anywhere in the world who is capable of doing the same job. There are lots of them and many of them are hungry.''' ,'''Only the paranoid survive.''' ,'''Success breeds complacency. Complacency breeds failure. Only the paranoid survive.''' ,'''I've had a wonderful life. What people are going to write about me 10 years after I'm dead - who cares?''' ,'''I really don't have much respect for the people who live their lives motivated by an exit strategy existing, being performed. There was no option that we were trained in that says, 'If it gets too hard, get up and leave.'''' ,'''We are now living on Internet time. It's a new territory, and the cyber equivalent of the Oklahoma land rush is on.''' ,'''Leaders have to act more quickly today. The pressure comes much faster.''' ,'''Most Americans probably aren't aware that there was a time in this country when tanks and cavalry were massed on Pennsylvania Avenue to chase away the unemployed.''' ,'''A career in journalism suddenly lost its appeal.''' ,'''It's not enough to make time for your children. There are certain stages in their lives when you have to give them the time when they want it. You can't run your family like a company. It doesn't work.''' ,'''So give me a turbulent world as opposed to a quiet world and I'll take the turbulent one.''' ,'''Growth is kinda built into everyone's genes. It's built into management's genes, the salesman's genes, the investors' desires. People expect companies to grow.''' ,'''There are so many people working so hard and achieving so little.''' ,'''I did not want to become a poster child for yet another disease.''' ,'''I was running an assembly line designed to build memory chips. I saw the microprocessor as a bloody nuisance.''' ,'''I was glad I liked chemistry.''' ,'''Just as we could have rode into the sunset, along came the Internet, and it tripled the significance of the PC.''' ,'''I wasn't cut out to be an opera singer, but it was a nice fantasy for a teenager growing up in Hungary during the Stalinist era.''' ,'''Not all problems have a technological answer, but when they do, that is the more lasting solution.''' ,'''When a change in how some element of one's business is conducted becomes an order of magnitude larger than what that business is accustomed to, then all bets are off.''' ,'''I have been quoted saying that, in the future, all companies will be Internet companies. I still believe that. More than ever, really.''' ,'''Pickups, S.U.V.'s, vans and the like represent about 80 million vehicles, with mileage of perhaps 13 to 16 miles per gallon. Converting those should be our first priority.''' ,'''Congress will pass a law restricting public comment on the Internet to individuals who have spent a minimum of one hour actually accomplishing a specific task while on line.''' ,]
+++