+++
author = "Martin Luther King Iii"
title = "Martin Luther King Iii Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Martin Luther King Iii Quotes"
keywords = "martin luther king iii,martin luther king iii quotes,martin luther king iii quote,martin luther king iii sayings,martin luther king iii saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Reforms are needed to stem the tide of outsourcing good jobs to other nations and to educate and train American workers to meet the challenges of the 21st-century world economy.''' ,'''As human beings, we are God's highest creation.''' ,'''When you've been raised in a home of love, and for your loved one to be taken away from you through violence, a lot of emotions go through your mind.''' ,'''The March on Washington was a defining moment in the history of this country and a great example of our nation truly living up to its creed.''' ,'''Climate change pries further apart the haves and have-nots.''' ,'''I had the opportunity with my brother to travel with my father probably seven or eight times. The last experience was in 1967, just a few months before he was killed.''' ,'''It's going to take all of us rolling up our sleeves to make America the America that it must become.''' ,'''The true way generally when people don't understand your plight is when you decide to exercise your buying power elsewhere.''' ,'''On March 7, 1965, some 600 civil rights activists marched in Selma, Alabama, demanding an end to racial discrimination. The demonstration was led by now-Rep. John Lewis and Hosea Williams, who worked with my father, Martin Luther King Jr.''' ,'''I'm proud of my father, but my pride cannot be fully measured by that snapshot in history. Because contrary to first glance, my father's legacy comes not from his presiding over the final act in the drama of fighting for equal rights - his legacy is about setting the stage.''' ,'''The reality is what Black Lives Matter are raising as an issue is an issue.''' ,'''The only way you change is you have to at least be communicating.''' ,'''I mean if you stay engaged, and are constantly fighting, you don't have time to regenerate. So sometimes you have to take time to renew your strength and energy, so that you can come back and fight again in a constructive way.''' ,'''Many people of color live on the front lines of environmental hazard and harm.''' ,'''Violence is the language of the unheard.''' ,'''The best way to overcome joblessness is to create a social contract between the public and private sectors to provide decent jobs for the unemployed. The decaying infrastructure of our cities is in urgent need of repair and restoration.''' ,'''My dad was focused on trying to get a guaranteed annual income for all people in 1968, shortly before he was killed. He did not get to realize that dream.''' ,'''Our challenge is to mobilize a new coalition of conscience to restore the Voting Rights Act, strengthen voting rights and broaden voter access in the legislatures of the 50 states.''' ,'''My siblings and I were watching the evening news and we saw it flashed across the screen that our father had been shot... we just knew that something terrible had happened.''' ,'''It's clear to me that millions of young people understand and value my father's legacy of social change through nonviolence.''' ,'''Our leaders should certainly engage passionate advocacy of needed reforms, and equally strong criticism of policies they believe are destructive to America. But, from the school boards to the White House, let's elect more candidates who are committed to constructive dialogue and reasonable compromises.''' ,'''One of the things my dad and mom worked on throughout their lives was the eradication of poverty.''' ,'''Whether it is a tsunami, or whether it is a hurricane, whether it's an earthquake - when we see these great fatal and natural acts, men and women of every ethnic persuasion come together and they just want to help.''' ,'''Many feel that in today's climate some of those in authority are exercising, in effect, a self-serving, 'ends justify the means' mindset as well, and that, in turn, empowers them to do the same.''' ,'''Anyway, in 1966, Daddy had started to attack Lyndon Johnson on the war in Vietnam. Lyndon Johnson was a good man. Even though he was a Southern conservative, Lyndon Johnson passed more civil-rights legislation than any other president in history.''' ,'''No one in the planet can ever tell anyone else what they should do. For example, I do not go around the world trying to say somebody needs to be democratic.''' ,'''My father's approach to the most brutal and unambiguous social injustices during the civil rights struggle was rooted in nonviolence as a morally and tactically correct response.''' ,'''President Obama certainly has an impressive gift for eloquence, and he has a global vision, as did my father. He doesn't rattle easy, and he doesn't harbor animosity, which were also characteristics my father had. But my father's arena was far broader than politics.''' ,'''I'm totally against the death penalty - which, if anyone has a right to support, I do - because I do not see it as a deterrent to crime.''' ,'''I was told that Daddy was murdered by a white man. I could have adopted an attitude of hating whites. But then in 1974 my grandmother was killed by a black man, so I could have hated blacks too.''' ,'''What I heard my mom always say was that, while she was never naive, she understood the FBI's intent was, obviously, to break up the family.''' ,'''I think that it's appropriate to have the Confederate flag perhaps in a museum, but it is not a unifying symbol.''' ,'''According to who brings an issue to the table, people will get up and support it. It shouldn't be based on that. It should be based on whether the kids are performing or not.''' ,'''Now, Martin Luther King Jr. was a bridge builder, not a wall builder.''' ,'''Human life is important and it feels like there is not a concern in communities of color. Very frustrated, but we will never give up and lose hope and change our system.''' ,'''I think the best of us comes when we are working together collectively. And it doesn't mean that we can't disagree. We've got to learn, as Dad taught us, to disagree without being disagreeable.''' ,'''Individuals cannot be free if there are impediments to reaching their full potential as human beings.''' ,'''And if we truly want a strong and secure middle class, we must restore the ability of labor unions to organize and represent working people.''' ,'''My dad was not a tall man, but he always made me feel like he was a giant. I was never afraid when I was with him.''' ,'''I would assume my father would support anything that lifted up and created opportunities for 'the least of these.'''' ,'''Because we always are feeling for justice for all that the reality is, unfortunately, the justice system is skewed, and often people of color do not receive appropriate justice in this country.''' ,'''Now, that doesn't mean that individuals can't have Confederate flags on their property. They have the right to do that. But again, it represents something that is not unifying.''' ,'''And I think that, at some point, I am, as John Lewis and many others, are a bridge-builder. The goal is to bring America together and Americans. We are a great nation. But we must become a greater nation.''' ,'''What we have still not learned is how to treat our fellow human beings... We have to find a way to coexist without doing harm to one another and that is whether it's in the United Stated or in the Middle East or in the African continent or in Asia or anywhere on the planet.''' ,'''Martin Luther King Jr. was an impassioned advocate of economic justice as well as social justice.''' ,'''In my view, nothing would do more to reduce violence in American cities than genuine full employment - a job at a decent wage for every person who wants to work. Numerous studies have shown that violence increases with unemployment.''' ,'''As our nation has become more divided, there is a resonance for a message to bring people together.''' ,'''Dad had a way of disarming people because he never really directly attacked them. He might attack a principle, but he never attacked the individual.''' ,'''African Americans and all people of color can benefit greatly by supporting the Clean Power Plan, which will help reduce the impacts of climate change and expand the use of clean, renewable energy from the wind and sun.''' ,'''America has an obligation to secure its borders, but it is wrong to pass laws that treat human beings as something less than human. If my father were alive, he would be in the forefront of the struggle for a fair and humane reform of our immigration laws.''' ,'''Had dad chosen to use violence he would have been immediately annihilated.''' ,'''I was 10 years old when my father was assassinated in 1968. Then, I had some sense of the sacrifices and hardships required of the families of a leader who was constantly in the news.''' ,'''It's time for political leaders across the ideological spectrum to realize that, while partisanship is understandable, hyper-partisanship is destructive to our country. We need more visionary leaders who will earnestly strive for bipartisanship and finding policy solutions that can move America forward.''' ,'''Some people need a targeted kind of learning. They need a different approach, like charter schools. There are virtual classrooms that some will do well in. The reality is, if there are no options, if there is just one particular standard, then someone is going to fall through the cracks, as we've seen.''' ,'''Our family has always drawn on the power from above to comfort us in times of despair and stress.''' ,'''There is more racial integration in American life and many more people of color serving as elected officials and corporate leaders than there were during my father's time. But there is also reason for concern about new forms of racial oppression, such as measures to make it harder to vote, racial profiling and crushing public worker unions.''' ,'''I began to understand that not only was there was a social justice agenda, there was a policy agenda. For every justice campaign there was a policy initiative associated with it.''' ,'''There are times when you need a strategic quarterback who has a proven record, and certainly, Colin Kaepernick is one of those.''' ,'''Our obligation to fight pollution traces the roots of its persuasion to that same moral mountaintop from which my father lent his voice to the voiceless. The pursuit of civil equality in health helped build our environmental laws.''' ,'''African Americans are not going to be fooled by any group supported by industrial polluters. They know climate change is real and that we have to do something about it. Only 3 percent believe concern about climate change is overblown.''' ,'''Our kids are reflections of us. How we interact with others, even in a hostile situation... how we respond and our children see that is how they are going to respond.''' ,'''We've always had to bring some form of ID to vote. It's just that states have created new forms of ID that young folk and seniors and students and people of color, it makes it challenging to get.''' ,'''In terms of election issues, the urgent challenges we face include securing reforms to de-escalate the nuclear arms race, end voter suppression, improve health care for all Americans and alleviate the climate crisis.''' ,'''There is no one policy that can end gun violence. But a ban on the sale of assault weapons to the general public is a critical goal that must be achieved if we are ever going to have peaceful communities.''' ,'''You know, when you've idolized something, you put it on a shelf, lift it up, and when King Day comes out, you pull it out and show it. Or when Black History Month comes out, you show it, or when April 4th or other times, you show it. But, you see, Dad wouldn't want us to idolize.''' ,'''The Senate impeachment trial of President Donald Trump will undoubtedly leave millions of Americans dissatisfied about the outcome, conviction or not. What must not happen, however, is millions of Americans feeling that the process itself violated the letter and spirit of our Constitution.''' ,'''Martin Luther King Jr. would say love not hate would make America great.''' ,'''If we can live a day in peace, then why couldn't we live a week in peace? If we can master a week, why not a month? If we can master a month in peace, why not a year in peace? And if we can master a year, then certainly we can master a lifetime of peace as God's highest creation.''' ,'''I think a culture of nonviolence will help create the condition where poverty is unacceptable, where racism is way behind us and not something that we have to deal with on a frequent basis, and where militarism and violence are reduced almost to be nonexistent.''' ,'''Because when we look at the modern civil rights movement under the leadership of my father and the team that he developed, it was at the federal level that we were able to appeal to bring about justice, whether it was in relationship to voting rights - just a number of issues.''' ,'''That's why I don't generally talk about endorsements because I don't believe we have to tell people who to vote for.''' ,'''You can win a victory in your neighbourhood. You can win a victory in your school. You can win a victory in your place of worship... Be ashamed of your existence until you've done a little something to make the world in which we all must live a little better than it was when you arrived.''' ,'''And what my father represented, my mother represented through her life, what I hope that I'm always trying to do is always bring people together.''' ,'''In the fifty years since the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom, we have made tremendous strides in the fight for equality. We must continue to move forward, not backward.''' ,'''The seminal right of the modern civil rights movement was the right to vote. My father fought so diligently for it. Certainly Congressman John Lewis and many others, Hosea Williams, fought for it as well.''' ,'''But there is just no way to adequately prepare a 10-year old for the sudden loss of a much-loved father. It was a confusing time, with many painful moments.''' ,'''I think dad would be very proud of young people standing up to promote truth, justice and equality.''' ,'''My mom and dad understood that every generation has to earn its freedom over and over again.''' ,'''If our education system does not continue to improve and be enhanced and be innovative and almost be revolutionary, then we will continue to lose our place in the world.''' ,'''I believe we should appoint a cabinet-level position that will be solely and fully devoted to ending poverty as we know it in America.''' ,'''I don't know that endorsement's important, so I'm not necessarily here to endorse, but what I will say is, if I was a Canadian resident, I would support my friend and his party, Justin Trudeau.''' ,'''My father's leadership was about more than civil rights. He was deeply concerned with human rights and world peace, and he said so on numerous occasions. He was a civil rights leader, true. But he was increasingly focused on human rights and a global concern and peace as an imperative.''' ,'''I am humbled, gratified and overjoyed at the dedication of the Martin Luther King Jr. National Memorial in commemoration of my father's leadership. It of course means a lot to our family. But more important, it is a great step forward for America.''' ,'''My father would be very concerned about the environment. He'd be disappointed that we have hundreds of thousands and maybe even millions of people who are living out on the streets in the wealthiest nation on the planet. He'd be greatly disappointed because he would know that we can, and we must, do better.''' ,'''There's something wrong in a nation where six million black men are not allowed to vote because they were convicted of felonies. They've paid their dues to society, but yet their right to vote is not reinstated.''' ,'''No one can tell any nation what it should want. The nation should determine what they want and how to make their nation become as best as it can become - all of us want our nations to be the best of what they can become, for our children.''' ,'''When my father articulated his vision for the future, he expressed his wish that one day his children would be judged not by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. This dream was not just about me and my siblings, but about our children and their children.''' ,'''I just think we have to create the climate so that people will come out on election day and vote.''' ,'''The appalling racial injustice inherent in the Trayvon Martin tragedy reminds us that there is still much to do.''' ,'''I think it's always in order to engage in constructive dialogue, even when you may not get any results.''' ,'''It would be wonderful to have a president who talked about bringing America together and exhibited that, who was involved in doing a social project... that would show humility.''' ,'''Because no matter who we are or where we come from, we're all entitled to the basic human rights of clean air to breathe, clean water to drink, and healthy land to call home.''' ,'''I'm sure my father would applaud the explosion of youth activism that has emerged in response to the gun violence pandemic. I'm certain my parents would agree it is gratifying to see young people leading social change projects in a multiracial coalition.''' ,'''The King Center in Atlanta specializes in educating people about my father's life, work and teachings, and we have resources and programs available for that purpose.''' ,'''If I woke up every day attempting to be my father, I would fail miserably. I think he was anointed. He was chosen by God, and there are few men or women in our world that will be chosen by God to make the kind of impact that he made.''' ,'''The Environmental Protection Agency's first-ever limits on carbon pollution from power plants will create clean- energy jobs, improve public health, bring greater reliability to our electric power grid, bolster our national security, demonstrate the United States' resolve to combat climate change and maybe even reduce our utility bills.''' ,'''But my father also supported human rights, freedom and self-determination for all people, including Latino agricultural workers, Native Americans, and the millions of impoverished white men and women who were treated as second-class citizens.''' ,'''There are people of conscience all over the world, famous leaders, as well as unsung heroes and 'sheroes,' who are carrying forward the nonviolent movement for freedom and human rights.''' ,'''I think we have got to do a better job explaining to people why their vote does count. I think people feel disconnected from some of their elected officials, as well as the system, because, sometimes, it is very complicated.''' ,]
+++