+++
author = "Jose Saramago"
title = "Jose Saramago Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 Jose Saramago Quotes"
keywords = "jose saramago,jose saramago quotes,jose saramago quote,jose saramago sayings,jose saramago saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It is economic power that determines political power, and governments become the political functionaries of economic power.''' ,'''I am a person with leftist convictions, and always have been.''' ,'''I can't imagine myself outside any kind of social or political involvement.''' ,'''What kind of world is this that can send machines to Mars and does nothing to stop the killing of a human being?''' ,'''In the end we discover the only condition for living is to die.''' ,'''I think we are blind. Blind people who can see, but do not see.''' ,'''The period that I could consider the most important in my literary work came about beginning with the Revolution, and in a certain way, developed as a consequence of the Revolution. But it was also a result of the counterrevolutionary coup of November 1975.''' ,'''I always ask two questions: How many countries have military bases in the United States? And in how many countries does the United States not have military bases?''' ,'''I think the novel is not so much a literary genre, but a literary space, like a sea that is filled by many rivers. The novel receives streams of science, philosophy, poetry and contains all of these; it's not simply telling a story.''' ,'''Can you imagine what Bush would say if someone like Hugo Chavez asked him for a little piece of land to install a military base, and he only wanted to plant a Venezuelan flag there?''' ,'''I am not a prophet.''' ,'''Without the faintest possibility of finding a job, I decided to devote myself to literature: it was about time to find out what I was worth as a writer.''' ,'''In effect I am not a novelist, but rather a failed essayist who started to write novels because he didn't know how to write essays.''' ,'''There are plenty of reasons not to put up with the world as it is.''' ,'''Inside us there is something that has no name, that something is what we are.''' ,'''I was a good pupil at primary school: in the second class I was writing with no spelling mistakes, and the third and fourth classes were done in a single year.''' ,'''I was born in a family of landless peasants, in Azinhaga, a small village in the province of Ribatejo, on the right bank of the Almonda River, around a hundred kilometres north-east of Lisbon.''' ,'''Words were not given to man in order to conceal his thoughts.''' ,'''Though I had come into the world on 16 November 1922, my official documents show that I was born two days later, on the 18th. It was thanks to this petty fraud that my family escaped from paying the fine for not having registered my birth at the proper legal time.''' ,'''I am a better novelist than a poet, playwright, or essayist.''' ,'''The wisest man I ever knew in my whole life could not read or write.''' ,'''There are times when it is best to be content with what one has, so as not to lose everything.''' ,'''The painter paints, the musician makes music, the novelist writes novels. But I believe that we all have some influence, not because of the fact that one is an artist, but because we are citizens.''' ,'''Being fired was the best luck of my life. It made me stop and reflect. It was the birth of my life as a writer.''' ,'''Death is present every day in our lives. It's not that I take pleasure in the morbid fascination of it, but it is a fact of life.''' ,'''The problem is that the right doesn't need any ideas to govern, but the left can't govern without ideas.''' ,'''Things will be very bad for Latin America. You only have to consider the ambitions and the doctrines of the empire, which regards this region as its backyard.''' ,'''I had no books at home. I started to frequent a public library in Lisbon. It was there, with no help except curiosity and the will to learn, that my taste for reading developed and was refined.''' ,'''For me, writing is a job. I do not separate the work from the act of writing like two things that have nothing to do with each other. I arrange words one after another, or one in front of another, to tell a story, to say something that I consider important or useful, or at least important or useful to me.''' ,'''People live with the illusion that we have a democratic system, but it's only the outward form of one. In reality we live in a plutocracy, a government of the rich.''' ,'''When I am occupied with a work that requires continuity - a novel, for example - I write every day.''' ,'''We're not short of movements proclaiming that a different world is possible, but unless we can coordinate them into an international movement, capitalism just laughs at all these little organisations.''' ,'''It is difficult to understand these people who democratically take part in elections and a referendum, but are then incapable of democratically accepting the will of the people.''' ,'''Abstention means you stayed at home or went to the beach. By casting a blank vote, you're saying you have a political conscience but you don't agree with any of the existing parties.''' ,'''A human being is a being who is constantly 'under construction,' but also, in a parallel fashion, always in a state of constant destruction.''' ,'''I am traveling less in order to be able to write more. I select my travel destinations according to their degree of usefulness to my work.''' ,'''The attitude of insolent haughtiness is characteristic of the relationships Americans form with what is alien to them, with others.''' ,'''Beginning with adolescence, my political formation was oriented in the ideological direction of Marxism. It was natural, being that my thinking was influenced by an atmosphere of active critical resistance. That was the way it was during all of the dictatorship and up to the Revolution of 1974.''' ,'''Perhaps it is the language that chooses the writers it needs, making use of them so that each might express a tiny part of what it is.''' ,'''I never appreciated 'positive heroes' in literature. They are almost always cliches, copies of copies, until the model is exhausted. I prefer perplexity, doubt, uncertainty, not just because it provides a more 'productive' literary raw material, but because that is the way we humans really are.''' ,'''I can't imagine myself outside any kind of social or political involvement. Yes, I'm a writer, but I live in this world, and my writing doesn't exist on a separate level. And if people know who I am and read my books, well, good; that way, if I have something more to say, then everyone benefits.''' ,'''The U.S. needs to control the Middle East, the gateway to Asia. It already has military installations in Uzbekistan.''' ,'''Human vocabulary is still not capable, and probably never will be, of knowing, recognizing, and communicating everything that can be humanly experienced and felt.''' ,'''Society has to change, but the political powers we have at the moment are not enough to effect this change. The whole democratic system would have to be rethought.''' ,'''I don't defend the idea of universal love. It has never existed and will never exist.''' ,'''The world had already changed before September 11. The world has been going through a process of change over the last 20 or 30 years. A civilization ends, another one begins.''' ,'''Americans have discovered the fragility of life, that ominous fragility that the rest of the world either already experienced or is experiencing now with terrible intensity.''' ,'''I presume that nobody will deny the positive aspects of the North American cultural world. These are well known to all. But these aspects do not make one forget the disastrous effects of the industrial and commercial process of 'cultural lamination' that the USA is perpetrating on the planet.''' ,'''As citizens, we all have an obligation to intervene and become involved - it's the citizen who changes things.''' ,'''At the end of the 1950s, I started working at a publishing company, Estudios Cor, as production manager, so returning, but not as an author, to the world of letters I had left some years before.''' ,'''Look what happened with the employment law in France-the law was withdrawn because the people marched in the streets. I think what we need is a global protest movement of people who won't give up.''' ,'''I am the same person I was before receiving the Nobel Prize. I work with the same regularity, I have not modified my habits, I have the same friends.''' ,'''A writer's definitive death is when no one reads his books anymore. That's the final death.''' ,'''Americans have discovered fear.''' ,'''I do not just write, I write what I am. If there is a secret, perhaps that is it.''' ,'''In the end, I am quite normal. I don't have odd habits. I don't dramatize. Above all, I do not romanticize the act of writing. I don't talk about the anguish I suffer in creating. I do not have a fear of the blank page, writer's block, all those things that we hear about writers.''' ,'''To continue living, we have to die. That's the story of humanity - generation after generation - that we are going to die. There's nothing dramatic about death except that one loses one's life.''' ,'''I believe myself to be the type of person who does not complicate his life. I have always lived my life without dramatizing things, whether the good things that have happened to me or the bad. I simply live those moments.''' ,'''The world is governed by institutions that are not democratic - the World Bank, the IMF, the WTO.''' ,'''The novel is not so much a literary genre, but a literary space, like a sea that is filled by many rivers.''' ,]
+++