+++
author = "Rich Froning Jr."
title = "Rich Froning Jr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "94"
description = "the best 94 Rich Froning Jr. Quotes"
keywords = "rich froning jr.,rich froning jr. quotes,rich froning jr. quote,rich froning jr. sayings,rich froning jr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I worked in a factory for six months and was a firefighter in Cookeville for several years. They paid my tuition, and I got a lot of life experience during that time that helped me grow up.''' ,'''I want my kids to understand that hard work is essential and that I wouldn't have them do anything that I wouldn't do with them.''' ,'''I don't take rest days.''' ,'''I don't really have a routine. I make it up on the fly, or whatever feels right, I'll do.''' ,'''I truly think the secret to the effectiveness of CrossFit is the community side of it: People suffer together, accomplish together, and support each other along the way.''' ,'''With intermittent fasting, I don't really eat breakfast. My eating window is 12:30-8:30 P. M. I eat for eight hours and then fast for 16.''' ,'''The CrossFit games, the four-time Fittest Man on Earth isn't about me. It's about Him and the talents that I've been given. It's my way to glorify Him through what I do.''' ,'''CrossFit prepares you for real life.''' ,'''Identify your weaknesses, vary your training cycles, reevaluate and repeat.''' ,'''I'm completely of the opinion that anybody can do CrossFit.''' ,'''Some of the people on the teams I've been on need to be uplifted and kind of loved on. And some people don't need that at all - they need to be pushed; more hyped up.''' ,'''Over the years of competing as an individual, I got a little bit burned out and tired of competing for myself.''' ,'''By kipping, you are able to generate power from the hip, transfer it through the body, then into your arms, creating a movement that originates in your core and moves to your limbs, and also generates more power.''' ,'''What I realized was that CrossFit wasn't what defined me as a human being, it was the sacrifice that Christ made for me and all of us that defined who I was.''' ,'''Swimming helps with recovery a ton.''' ,'''It's a tough thing to work with two different genders. You've gotta learn how to talk to women and talk to guys.''' ,'''The pre-CrossFit Rich Froning was a wuss.''' ,'''I surround myself with people that have certain strengths that are my weaknesses so they push me in certain areas.''' ,'''My gift from God has been my talent, my genetics, and the people around me.''' ,'''I take protein and amino acid supplements, but I honestly don't know if they do anything.''' ,'''Every time I compete, I still get nervous. There are the nerves that are because 'oh this is really going to hurt,' then there's the, 'I have to go fast and I don't know how fast everyone else is going to go,' nerves.''' ,'''I've got three kids, so there's not much downtime.''' ,'''Luckily, I found CrossFit. I do a lot more legs now - that's for sure.''' ,'''I've always worn my wedding band when I'm working out. A few years ago I realized how dangerous wearing a metal band could be and switched to silicone.''' ,'''I always enjoyed the training part of baseball. I went to play college baseball and decided it wasn't for me.''' ,'''I'm a Detroit fan in everything pro and I'm a Notre Dame fan in college.''' ,'''Hard work is just something that my parents, when I was young, they made sure that we knew what hard work was and that it was okay to work hard and okay to sweat.''' ,'''Throughout my partnership with Reebok, I've loved working closely with their product and design team in our shared mission of creating the best fitness products in the world.''' ,'''For anyone beginning CrossFit I would say find a local affiliate and get there. They have coaches and a community set up.''' ,'''In life, you don't really know what's coming at you. Like a firefighter, or police officer, or anyone else working in the emergency field, they don't know what's going to come at them. You gotta be ready for anything.''' ,'''Don't think about the 50 reps ahead of you, just the next 5.''' ,'''The way CrossFit is - anyone, on any given day, could beat you.''' ,'''I'd, you know, I'd believed in God my whole life. And then started thinking about it. I was like, 'Am I living like - this stuff I'm reading - am living like we are called to live; to put Christ first, and to live for Christ? Maybe I'm not living like I'm supposed to.'''' ,'''When Reebok first let me try out the Nano 10, I thought this was about as close to the perfect training shoe as you can get.''' ,'''It's not even necessarily the will or want to win. It's the shame and embarrassment of losing.''' ,'''Your body's an amazing machine and it's created to do stuff. See what you can get out of it.''' ,'''In the morning, before my usual larger training session, I won't eat or drink anything before but water.''' ,'''I eat a lot of peanut butter and drink a lot of whole milk.''' ,'''Broccoli, spinach, celery, and the like are excellent low-calorie foods that are densely packed with vitamins, minerals, phytochemicals, and fiber. Their ratio of nutritive value to calories can't be beaten, and I eat them with most of my whole food meals.''' ,'''Everyone wants to look good, but with CrossFit you get so much more besides looking good.''' ,'''I've obviously had some bad events where I thought God could help a little bit more.''' ,'''I use CrossFit to glorify God with the talents he's given.''' ,'''I think CrossFit is highly beneficial to any athlete, in any sport.''' ,'''I don't really document how many calories I eat or anything like that. I try to listen to my body.''' ,'''I worked with a chiropractor who does some manual therapy, some acupuncture. The big thing is to do something on a regular basis, rather than waiting to get hurt.''' ,'''I eat a bowl of cereal to cap off the night. That's my dessert.''' ,'''I personally wouldn't be where I am without my faith. I know that for a fact.''' ,'''Your body is an amazing machine that adapts to just about anything. If you're constantly changing what your body needs to adapt to, it's amazing what your body can do.''' ,'''Yes, when you win once, you feel you can do it again.''' ,'''I put way too much pressure on myself and put too much into CrossFit. It had become who I was. That's really when I figured out I don't want my identity to be CrossFit.''' ,'''I'm a bad loser.''' ,'''A lot of people who do CrossFit eat a strict paleo diet, but I don't subscribe to any specific way of eating. If you burn enough calories, you don't need to.''' ,'''I loved CrossFit before I even competed, I was just doing CrossFit. It was a completely different thing. You learn a lot about yourself and the people around you when you do it.''' ,'''I workout all day, but there is something about working out at night that I like.''' ,'''You don't want to be the weak link or the person who lets other people down.''' ,'''The worldly stuff is not always going to be there and it could be taken away at any moment.''' ,'''Eggs are not only one of the highest quality sources of protein, but they come stocked with various vitamins and minerals as well.''' ,'''Doing something for someone else, or working for somebody else, helps you push yourself beyond what you think is possible, or beyond what is possible just doing something for yourself. My faith, my family, whatever, if you're doing it for someone else, you're always going to push a little bit harder.''' ,'''I was a strength coach for over a year where our teams used CrossFit, and our football team won their first conference championship in 36 years!''' ,'''I want my kids to understand that when family needs something, I'm there. And, on a different note, all three of my kids are adopted.''' ,'''When I started out, nutrition wasn't a huge thing in my arsenal. Getting older, I'm getting a little smarter, thinking about longevity.''' ,'''Being on a team, you push a lot harder for other people.''' ,'''I'm one of 32 first cousins on my mom's side, and 25 of us are boys.''' ,'''I don't think I've ever actually prayed to win an event.''' ,'''Various kinds of fish provide an abundant source of protein and are often leaner than other animal sources, so if I want my bodyweight to come down a bit, I can focus a bit more on fish and a bit less on protein sources like steak.''' ,'''I like coming home because nobody knows who I am. In Cookville, I'm Rich. I'm not a big deal. People like Peyton Manning, Tom Brady, they just can't live a normal life and you do feel sorry for those guys.''' ,'''People get injured everyday doing simple things. The problem comes sometimes when people crank up the intensity on skilled movements before they are ready.''' ,'''People don't like squats, but it's an essential exercise.''' ,'''Definitely stick with a program for more than a week or too. You've got to ride the program out - a lot of people like to hop around on things, but to get a real good base you've got to stick to a good strength program.''' ,'''Enjoy the hard days, not every day is going to be fun but the days that are hard is when you get better.''' ,'''The movements we do are complex but natural, they're picking stuff up off the ground, running, jumping, climbing - stuff that we were made to do, that we were created to do.''' ,'''Everyone always asks if I'm going to 'make my kids do CrossFit.' I'll never make them do anything. I will, however, make sure that they're physically active in some way, that they'll play some type of sport or do gymnastics or dance or something.''' ,'''I love apple pie. If I see one, I'm going to eat the whole thing.''' ,'''Faith, family, and fitness - that's the order I try to keep things in.''' ,'''The guys I work out with used to have a thing where if we didn't read our Bibles for 10 minutes a day we'd have to do burpees. By now we just figure everyone's doing the reading!''' ,'''CrossFit is a very humbling sport and you can be really good at something and look like an idiot doing another movement. It's a nasty thing, but it makes it a little more fun.''' ,'''Me and my cousin started doing CrossFit in my barn; I haven't looked back since.''' ,'''I am a big supporter of the CrossFit community and enjoy helping people gain a better understanding of the CrossFit style of workouts.''' ,'''I am extremely happy to be able to say I am with Reebok for the rest of my career.''' ,'''The problem I used to have is that I would eat in the morning, get busy training, and then maybe I'd have a shake or two throughout the day, but I wouldn't really eat anything. Then, at night, I would just kind of eat a larger meal or two, but by my second training session, I was usually kind of beat up or worn down.''' ,'''I put Christ first and everything else fell into place.''' ,'''Sleep is huge for me. I don't set an alarm. I just wake up when I wake up.''' ,'''It's kind of a negative connotation that CrossFit gets. It's all dependent on the person and it has to be scaled accordingly.''' ,'''In 2010, I put CrossFit on a pedestal and then, when I failed at it and got second, it was hard for me.''' ,'''Everything that I was reading the New Testament - everything was applicable to daily life - trials and stuff I was going through, everything matched up.''' ,'''I knew religion from an early age.''' ,'''You may not be the best at one thing.You may not be the strongest or the fastest, but you're also not going to be terrible at something. You practice everything.''' ,'''It's how many times you get back up that defines you.''' ,'''I've been to CrossFit affiliates all over the world and the programming varies, the coaches are different, but it feels the same. Always welcoming, always fun. Whereas with a regular gym you go in, put your headphones on and don't talk to anybody.''' ,'''One of the pillar ideas of how CrossFit thinks of physical fitness is how competent an individual is at cardiovascular/respiratory endurance, stamina, strength, flexibility, power, speed, coordination, accuracy, agility, and balance.''' ,'''I get to do what I love every day, and I've got a great group of people around me that I have fun with. And working out is something I'll do for the rest of my life, so I might as well try to be as good at it while I can.''' ,'''When things get hard, I think, 'Someone somewhere is working harder than me.'''' ,'''Lean steak cuts provide an excellent source of high-quality protein, and the taste is second to none! Chicken and turkey are great as well, but I prefer steak myself.''' ,'''I've been trying to take more care of my body, especially as I've got older.''' ,]
+++