+++
author = "Joshua Ferris"
title = "Joshua Ferris Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Joshua Ferris Quotes"
keywords = "joshua ferris,joshua ferris quotes,joshua ferris quote,joshua ferris sayings,joshua ferris saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My first job is to write a book that I believe is compelling and deserves the long sustained attention that any novel requires, and to worry about the commerce only late in the game.''' ,'''The office is a romantic enabler because you're always around the person you have a crush on. There's no escape from, and maybe no desire to escape from, those pressure-cooker conditions. And there's an automatic series of things you have to talk about all the time.''' ,'''Every time you hear someone read your book and liked your book, you're never sure whether that's going to follow with a similar remark from someone else. Perhaps I have low expectations, but whenever I hear someone say, 'I liked your book,' I don't know if it's going to happen again.''' ,'''The main questions of everyday life are too enormous to answer in any definitive sense.''' ,'''I come from a very illustrious line of divorces. We love to get divorced in my family. My mother and father have been married four times each - eight ceremonies with the best of intentions.''' ,'''Everyone desires relationships and community. Most people want to belong to a cohesive, like-minded group. It staves off loneliness. It promotes identity. These are natural and very human instincts.''' ,'''I think it's a very bad idea for someone to start writing for a readership.''' ,'''I believe people think as a group more often than we might realize or care to admit. We like to believe that we act as individuals and nothing more, but time and again - in corporations and business, in politics and religion, in fashion and culture, and in friendships and social circles - we think and do as one.''' ,'''I don't write directly on to the computer because I don't think well facing forward with fingers on a keyboard. I think better looking down holding a pen. And the concentration quotient of pen and paper is higher than when I'm moving words around on screen.''' ,'''I have never stopped considering not becoming a writer.''' ,'''Without work, so much of one's identity just evaporates.''' ,'''I've always thought things were absurd. It would take a lot more effort for me to see things as reasonable.''' ,'''After I left college I thought, very naively, that either you became someone interesting - an artist - or you went into academia. If you ended up in an office you were dull and lacking. And I ended up in an office.''' ,'''One thing that I discovered about myself is I really don't like traveling. I feel like it's a terrible personal failing, but I was so satisfied to arrive at the conclusion.''' ,]
+++