+++
author = "Terrence J"
title = "Terrence J Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Terrence J Quotes"
keywords = "terrence j,terrence j quotes,terrence j quote,terrence j sayings,terrence j saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If my goal is to become a movie star, me working at a pizza shop won't help me. I have to make the stars align.''' ,'''You can't take people's opinions personally. Usually what people say about it is a reflection of them own issues.''' ,'''In the acting world, you can really only become good by practicing and doing it, and I just think every time you walk onto a set you just become better and better. I think I'm in a totally different space than I was back then on that first movie set.''' ,'''I plan on having the credibility and integrity of being a part of an entertainment news program like 'E!,' in addition to being on the actor side as well.''' ,'''I went to an historically black college where we're always told that there's limitation. And so I'm happy to represent for black colleges.''' ,'''My very first acting gig was in a movie for Russ Parr. He did this movie called 'Love for Sale,' and that was my first role in any film.''' ,'''Going from college to being on national TV almost fresh outta school, it happened really fast.''' ,'''I love film and I love sitcoms, and I was one of those kids that would just go to the movies on the weekend and spend my whole weekend watching all of the movies.''' ,'''I look at a mentor of mine like Ryan Seacrest and the incredible amount of equity he's been able to bring to the broadcasting arena, and the branding and the world that he's been able to build around himself.''' ,'''Being part of a fraternity has given me the foundation for everything I do in my career from the loyalty to the determination; it laid the foundation for everything I've been able to enjoy. I'm heavily involved with Omega Psi Phi.''' ,'''Oh yeah people recognize me, but the craziest thing? I mean I've had the normal autographs... but I had to sign a baby's carriage once. I thought that was weird, so yeah, I guess that's the craziest thing.''' ,]
+++