+++
author = "Troy Dumais"
title = "Troy Dumais Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Troy Dumais Quotes"
keywords = "troy dumais,troy dumais quotes,troy dumais quote,troy dumais sayings,troy dumais saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's been a roller-coaster ride. But I haven't been diving this well for a while.''' ,'''I like to try to hit all of my dives.''' ,'''You only get so much time to do something that you enjoy or love to do. If you can continue doing it, you might as well, because I don't want to live in regret. I don't want to be the person sitting behind a desk, wondering, 'Did I do it right, did I finish it off, did I really give it my all?'''' ,'''I used to hurt myself by training all the time.''' ,'''Pools have their own uniqueness, design and engineering to depict culture, history or innovation.''' ,'''My goal is to win a gold medal at the Olympic Games, and I'll fight and continue going until I do that.''' ,'''I still have a dream.''' ,'''As an athlete, when you have a desire and a want to do something, you fight for it. And it doesn't matter how long your journey is; it's whether you give up or don't.''' ,'''Ultimately if the body is in tune, most likely the mind is in tune.''' ,'''You can't make up for something you lost.''' ,'''Instead of doing thousands of dives, I am focusing on quality, and I'm listening to my body more.''' ,'''My mom worked for a doctor who had a pool that he heated to 90 degrees, and I hated cold water. My dad showed me how to dive in that pool, and pretty soon I started doing flips.''' ,'''Today is today, and tomorrow is tomorrow. I'm just going to enjoy it.''' ,'''Let's put it this way: The animal inside of me has not quieted down yet. It's still there. It's still fighting.''' ,'''When I take a break for a week, it takes me three weeks to get back to where I was.''' ,'''You don't get old until you replace dreams with regrets.''' ,'''Whatever that day has given, you have to make it the best of the best. That's one thing I've learned over my years. On days when you can't make everything what you want, do what you do best, make it as positive as possible, and go from there. Learn from your mistakes.''' ,]
+++