+++
author = "Clifford D. Simak"
title = "Clifford D. Simak Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Clifford D. Simak Quotes"
keywords = "clifford d. simak,clifford d. simak quotes,clifford d. simak quote,clifford d. simak sayings,clifford d. simak saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It is only of life on Earth, however, that one can speak with any certainty. It seems to me that all life on Earth, the sum total of life upon the Earth, has purpose.''' ,'''Time is still the great mystery to us. It is no more than a concept; we don't know if it even exists.''' ,'''And time itself? Time was a never-ending medium that stretched into the future and the past - except there was no future and no past, but an infinite number of brackets, extending either way, each bracket enclosing its single phase of the Universe.''' ,'''Could that have been what happened to the human race - a willing perversity that set at naught all human values which had been so hardly won and structured in the light of reason for a span of more than a million years?''' ,'''It was a place without a single feature of the space-time matrix that he knew. It was a place where nothing yet had happened - an utter emptiness. There was neither light nor dark: there was nothing here but emptiness.''' ,'''Without consciousness and intelligence, the universe would lack meaning.''' ,'''When I talk of the purpose of life, I am thinking not only of human life, but of all life on Earth and of the life which must exist upon other planets throughout the universe.''' ,'''If the means were available, we could trace our ancestry - yours and mine - back to the first blob of life-like material that came into being on the planet.''' ,'''Must faith be exactly that, the willingness and ability to believe in the face of a lack of evidence? If one could find the evidence, would then the faith be dead?''' ,'''If mankind were to continue in other than the present barbarism, a new path must be found, a new civilization based on some other method than technology.''' ,'''We said, there's another second gone, there's another minute and another hour and another day, when, as a matter of fact the second or the minute or the hour was never gone. It was the same one all the time. It had just moved along and we had moved with it.''' ,'''Less than an hour before he'd congratulated himself on escaping all the traps of Earth, all the snares of Man. Not knowing that the greatest trap of all, the final and the fatal trap, lay on this present planet.''' ,'''It would seem to me that by the time a race has achieved deep space capability it would have matured to a point where it would have no thought of dominating another intelligent species.''' ,'''These are the stories the Dogs tell, when the fires burn high and the wind is from the north.''' ,'''What do you mean by faith? Is faith enough for Man? Should he be satisfied with faith alone? Is there no way of finding out the truth? Is the attitude of faith, of believing in something for which there can be no more than philosophic proof, the true mark of a Christian?''' ,'''My reluctance to use alien invasion is due to the feeling that we are not likely to be invaded and taken over.''' ,'''It seems to me, thinking of it, that there must be some universal plan which set in motion the orbiting of the electrons about the nucleus and the slower, more majestic orbit of the galaxies about one another to the very edge of space.''' ,]
+++