+++
author = "Kevin Harvick"
title = "Kevin Harvick Quotes"
quotes_len = "92"
description = "the best 92 Kevin Harvick Quotes"
keywords = "kevin harvick,kevin harvick quotes,kevin harvick quote,kevin harvick sayings,kevin harvick saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's probably 10% luck and 45-45 on the driver and the car. If you have a bad car, you're done.''' ,'''They could find something wrong with every car if they took it apart for a whole day at the R&D center.''' ,'''Winning makes everything better.''' ,'''If you follow the same path as everyone else you're just going to be like everyone else.''' ,'''When you have fast cars and bad luck, it's a lot easier to handle than having slow cars and bad luck.''' ,'''People like things that change. They don't like stagnant things.''' ,'''There's a difference between a superstar and a megastar.''' ,'''I had to decide if I wanted to race full time or be an architect. I decided I could always go back to school.''' ,'''I like football, baseball, basketball, golf, racing.''' ,'''Even if you only have 30- or 40,000 people in the grandstands, if you put on a good event for TV and do the things that it takes to have a unique event, that is really what people want. They want unique things.''' ,'''I definitely want to get more involved in making sure that West Coast racing is healthy and where it needs to be.''' ,'''There were some struggles throughout the year at RCR. In order to keep yourself relevant, you had to find a headline. In order to find a headline, you had to do something that wasn't right, like jump over a car or say something you shouldn't.''' ,'''I don't know why we have this flair for having dramatic finishes, but we've definitely had a few through the years.''' ,'''I will not back down to anyone.''' ,'''My favorite part of any military feature, aside from the people themselves, is how clean and organized everything is. I like things clean and organized, and they don't get any cleaner or more organized than they are in any branch of the military.''' ,'''I've been on the side of it where you have bad luck and slow cars.''' ,'''I think when you have kids, it definitely makes you look at things from a different perspective, but I think that the biggest thing it's done is it's made me look at things from a different perspective from a professional standpoint in how you analyze things and how you look at things and how you react to things.''' ,'''The officials in the garage do a great job.''' ,'''There's no bigger thrill than beating the guy you're not supposed to beat or winning a race you're not supposed to win.''' ,'''These regional series - we need to have them strong to feed drivers to the Truck series. Nothing against ARCA, but NASCAR needs to have their own series be their own streams.''' ,'''We don't ever want to lose a deal. So we treat a $5,000 sponsor like a $5 million sponsor, both because it's the right thing to do and because we've grown a lot of our sponsors from thousands to millions.''' ,'''If you make the schedule exciting and make the events exciting, that is what guarantees you the people to come back if they had a good time.''' ,'''I'm more comfortable inside the car than I am anywhere else.''' ,'''When you have the most stable team in the garage from a financial standpoint and manufacturer standpoint, that attracts good people.''' ,'''It's really not about what you have. It's about how you're able to enjoy life in general.''' ,'''I mowed yards with my grandpa at $10 a pop for awhile. I painted numbers on curbs. I cleaned swimming pools. I usually did all of that over the summer, and then I'd continue to do the yard part during the year as I went to school.''' ,'''People don't like the same thing. You have to keep their attention.''' ,'''I like competition. For me, it is fun.''' ,'''It's always interesting to see how other people relate to their jobs.''' ,'''I've been a part of this before, where you think the racing gods are against you, then next thing you know, you can't do anything wrong. You're winning races and doing things you feel like you shouldn't have done that particular day. It all comes full circle in this sport. It has a funny way of doing it.''' ,'''I've been fortunate enough to have won a lot of races and do a lot of things in my career.''' ,'''We can control how we run, and that's about it.''' ,'''I sometimes need to be smarter, but that's not going to change how I drive.''' ,'''Winning takes you to that next level of being a bigger star.''' ,'''One thing I can't stand is when people - not our team, but other people - don't respond. Everybody can email, everybody can text... using an email auto-response is not the world we live in.''' ,'''I think some of that comes with age, with life in general, to try to keep yourself as healthy as possible.''' ,'''How many times have you had a crappy Super Bowl, but everybody goes to the Super Bowl because it's an event.''' ,'''I'm one of those guys that gets bored with things pretty fast, so I've got to keep it mixed up.''' ,'''A lot of the kids we have coming up through our ranks now have been in stock cars since they were 12 or 13 years old. It's much different. I think you have to pick a path. If you want to race open-wheel cars and do those things, it's probably going to be carts and into an open-wheel series.''' ,'''We get paid a lot of money to do what we do, and there's a lot of people who are dependent upon that car running well and us getting everything out of it as a team. So I'm very, very loyal to my team and the company.''' ,'''We have to take the good with the bad.''' ,'''I feel like there's value in experience.''' ,'''Life is an evolution.''' ,'''I always like my chances at Daytona.''' ,'''I'm just a normal person.''' ,'''If you can qualify on the pole or in the front, you have a better chance of getting five points for leading a lap or leading the most laps.''' ,'''In my opinion, Jimmie Johnson should be our most popular guy because he's won seven championships.''' ,'''I purposefully try to go through days without picking my phone up, and that's hard to do because we're so dependent on it.''' ,'''I'm not the spring chicken anymore.''' ,'''I let people draw their own conclusions about my similarities to Dale Sr.''' ,'''When we're outside of the racetrack and in our team meetings, you need to communicate with your teammates and do what's best for the company in order to give the people that work there the best opportunity to succeed and maximize the potential of their job.''' ,'''We've definitely been in a few positions where it's come down to the end of the race and we've been able to close the deal, and we've definitely been in position where we've lost a few.''' ,'''I'm a pretty intense person at the racetrack, but when I'm not thinking about my race car or in the garage doing my job, I'm pretty laid back, and I like to be organized and do normal things.''' ,'''I played baseball when I was in junior high, but that's the last time I played baseball.''' ,'''I'm fortunate to have a solid fan base.''' ,'''I'm a guy that likes to sit in the quiet and think about things, and sometimes it's way more relaxing to have dead silence.''' ,'''I have had window braces smashed in the front of my car, several times. They fail all the time in the front.''' ,'''Racing's my life.''' ,'''One of my strengths over the years is to be open-minded.''' ,'''Being a good race car driver is one thing, but to take all the time commitments and all the pushing and pulling and learning when to say no - because you need to rest or focus on the things you need to do to make the car go fast - those are the hardest things to learn and the most distracting things to learn.''' ,'''The night I won my first Late Model race was the night my mom moved everything out of the house... There was a lot of situations like that.''' ,'''I love racing cars, and we have to have great competitors to make the diverse fan base have people to root for, and some people like calm, shy Ryan Blaney that knows a lot about the sport, or Chase Elliott, who's been around racing and has those deep ties to NASCAR and the southern roots of our sport. Those guys are all important.''' ,'''I have been around this long enough to know that there are no givens in this particular sport. There are too many things that can go wrong. There are too many things that can change.''' ,'''We have a great group of people and sponsors around us, and you don't want to send them out as outcasts because you have this newfound success and this new tool of things you can sell.''' ,'''For some reason, the busier I am at the track, the better I tend to race. I think it's because I don't have to deal with all the distractions outside the car that can get me in trouble at times.''' ,'''Just in a professional world, sometimes a phone call is definitely more meaningful than a text.''' ,'''It kind of sucks when you lose a dog; you don't realize how attached to them you are until they are gone.''' ,'''I want to thank everybody at Stewart-Haas Racing, everybody at Ford for just continuing to put the effort they put into these cars.''' ,'''I think, as competitors, you always wanted to try and gain an advantage, and you have that opportunity to go out and grab those bonus points and gain as many as you can throughout the year.''' ,'''I like the challenges we face in the future. That motivates me.''' ,'''In my opinion, the most stagnant thing in our sport is our schedule and our venues that we go to.''' ,'''The fact of the matter is that I'm never going to be Dale Earnhardt Jr. or Chase Elliott. You're not going to have that connection, the hardcore roots with the fans.''' ,'''You can beat a dead horse as much as you want, but it doesn't come back to life. And sometimes you just have to change things up to keep the excitement and enthusiasm in the sport.''' ,'''I've been very fortunate to be part of the sport and be successful.''' ,'''I grew up in a little bit of a broken home.''' ,'''You always want to win.''' ,'''The day that Chase Elliott wins his first race is gonna be one of the best moments in NASCAR racing because of the fact of how impactful it will be for all of us in NASCAR racing.''' ,'''That's your goal every week: to put yourself in contention. There's a lot of circumstances and a lot of things that have to play out for that to happen.''' ,'''I don't ever leave my garage stall during practice. I don't want to know what other people are doing. I don't look at the scoreboard.''' ,'''You hear too many guys talk about retiring too soon.''' ,'''The big things are the things that you don't expect.''' ,'''I'm going to quit when I feel like I'm not having fun anymore or I'm not competitive.''' ,'''If you can get your team to that point of being able to be in that playoff race mindset every week, that's something that most teams can't do.''' ,'''Dale Jr. has never gotten a fair shake from the start because, guess what? He's not his father. He was always supposed to have been someone else. The pressure he's under is unreal.''' ,'''When you look at how the sports world is changing, you have to figure out how to become different than everyone else.''' ,'''For me, I believe that Dale Jr. has had a big part in kind of stunting the growth of NASCAR because he's got these legions of fans and this huge outreach of being able to reach different places that none of us have the possibility to reach, but he's won nine races in 10 years at Hendrick Motorsports and hasn't been able to reach outside of that.''' ,'''Sometimes you've got to keep your mouth shut.''' ,'''Chase Elliott winning is better for our sport.''' ,'''I have never driven an IndyCar, but based on everything I've heard, the characteristics and how you drive them are 180 degrees different.''' ,'''I just try to be myself. But I will tell you this: I will not back down to anyone.''' ,'''You want to see how many races you can win, you want to see how many laps you can lead.''' ,'''Experience will always win in this sport. That experience helps with a lot of things, even in the race shop. You are going to have experience in certain scenarios where you can make those right decisions.''' ,]
+++