+++
author = "Jourdan Dunn"
title = "Jourdan Dunn Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Jourdan Dunn Quotes"
keywords = "jourdan dunn,jourdan dunn quotes,jourdan dunn quote,jourdan dunn sayings,jourdan dunn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wear my heart on my sleeve.''' ,'''I don't wear heels.''' ,'''Happiness is making your dreams come true.''' ,'''I love anything to do with cooking, from watching the Food Network to reading recipe books by Gordon Ramsay, Jamie Oliver and Levi Roots. My favourite types of cuisine are Asian and Caribbean, and I love cooking new recipes for my family.''' ,'''I don't have a favourite designer because I feel every designer offers something different and special, but I do really like Alexander Wang, Burberry, Stella McCartney and Balmain.''' ,'''When I go back into education, I'm going to do business studies.''' ,'''I like an occasional glass of wine, though I don't drink before a shoot or a show - blotchy skin is not a good idea, however good your make-up artist.''' ,'''London's not a white city. So why should our catwalks be so white?''' ,'''I go to castings and see several black and Asian girls, then I get to the show and look around there's just me and maybe one other coloured face.''' ,'''I'm a compulsive sneaker collector, mostly limited edition.''' ,'''I'm really ambitious.''' ,'''I practice a lot.''' ,'''I don't like to attach myself to material things.''' ,'''I'm a mum. Cooking is something I have to do. It's something I like to do.''' ,'''I always get so excited cooking chicken wings.''' ,'''I love being around my family. I am very close to my mum, my brother, my grandmother, my aunts - we constantly poke fun at each other, but it's all done out of love.''' ,'''Recently, I haven't had too much time to read. But I love a good romance novel.''' ,'''I mean, I suppose when I'm in London, I'm home so I'm more comfortable.''' ,'''I am hoping to be able to lend my support to a Sickle Cell charity in the near future, as I want to try and help raise money and awareness about this disease.''' ,'''I like seeing how I can look in a photo.''' ,'''I am not big on jewelry, but I do love hats as an accessory, specifically snap backs and beanies.''' ,'''I love being around my family.''' ,'''My favourite types of cuisine are Asian and Caribbean, and I love cooking new recipes for my family.''' ,'''I don't wear heels. I'm all about flats from Chanel and wedges. I love my Gucci wedge boots.''' ,'''The unconditional love for you child, it's truly amazing.''' ,'''I'm always traveling, so I tend to online shop. My go-to sites are Net-a-Porter and Matches. I recently moved to N.Y.C. and frequently shop at Sur La Table for my kitchen; Flair home collection, Aedes de Venustas for all my favorite home fragrances.''' ,'''I always have shoe trouble.''' ,]
+++