+++
author = "Bruno Fernandes"
title = "Bruno Fernandes Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Bruno Fernandes Quotes"
keywords = "bruno fernandes,bruno fernandes quotes,bruno fernandes quote,bruno fernandes sayings,bruno fernandes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are those who say that defeats teach a lot, but also learning to win is not bad.''' ,'''You make your own reality.''' ,'''You always see what people say but I really don't care. I'm not focused on what they are saying.''' ,'''Because of Cristiano, my dream team in England was United.''' ,'''If we win trophies, it is the most important thing. Of course, it's good for a player to win individual awards and I will never say I don't want to be the best player in the league or I don't want to be the PFA Player of the Season.''' ,'''At Old Trafford you warm up with nobody in the stands, you hear nothing in the tunnel, and then you enter the pitch and you hear an incredible noise.''' ,'''I know everyone is talking about them like it's easy but you can lose a final with a penalty.''' ,'''To get to play alongside Cristiano and other very good Portuguese players makes me very proud, and I hope I can help inspire the next generation of nine-year-olds with painted faces, watching us in their own town squares.''' ,'''When the coach wants me, it's important to know I'm ready to play every game, every minute.''' ,'''For me it's really the same, assist or goal, I don't choose. If I can do one of them or both it's good, the most important thing is the team winning.''' ,'''I find it hard to define myself.''' ,'''It doesn't matter who takes the penalty as long as the team scores.''' ,'''I look for every game in the same way. And I think the league is not a sprint, it's a marathon. So you don't have to score or win against the big six - you have to score and win against everyone.''' ,'''We want to show our best qualities we can but the most important thing for us, for the team, is winning.''' ,'''Of course every player wants to score, it's the most important part of the game, scoring goals and winning games.''' ,'''My target is winning trophies. It doesn't matter which kind of trophy it is, I want to win all of them.''' ,'''I'm sure in some moments, I will score, I will assist, and I will perform. And that will help my team-mates to win the game.''' ,'''One player doesn't change a team.''' ,'''I think the most important thing is to help the team and if you help the team it's okay.''' ,'''I don't care about the transfer market.''' ,'''Every goal is a great moment, every win is a great moment for us.''' ,'''Growing up, my father was never interested in how many goals I scored, how many passes I made, but only in how many mistakes I made, and how I could be more efficient.''' ,'''It's always pressure to take a pen, doesn't matter if it's against City, or another team. It's always pressure to take the pens.''' ,'''If I changed the mindset of some players or my mindset helped some players to be better - maybe. But I don't think it was me changing anything for the club because playing for Manchester United means playing with the pressure, playing with the responsibility.''' ,'''I am confident when I take the penalty otherwise I would pass for somebody else.''' ,'''The one I liked to watch and follow was Iniesta, because Iniesta is a mix between an eight and a 10. It is a way I can do better, between eight and 10. It is the guy who always likes to have the ball, take the risks, and I think Iniesta was one of the best in the world.''' ,'''The players start to recognise your game, start to know how you move, how you pass, how you shoot and the things become difficult now. So now I need to improve more and to work more and understand more the teams who I play against because they will understand me better, but I need to be prepared to understand better the difficulties they can have.''' ,'''When I received the call saying: 'Bruno, you have the chance of moving to Manchester' I called my wife, my brother, my sister, my mother and just started crying. But I was crying through happiness.''' ,'''In Portugal, you couldn't always find Premier League kits, and if you could, they were really expensive.''' ,'''I see people talking about Bruno not doing so well against the 'big six.' People have said Bruno gives the ball away too many times when we lose a game.''' ,'''My vision of coming to Manchester United is that I'm at one of the best clubs in the world, for me, the best club in England.''' ,'''I have a lot of players I like to see. For example, in my first few years, the player I think is the one everyone liked and always will like is Ronaldinho. For me, he is the player with the capacity to take you and put you in front of the TV, and you will stay for hours. For hours!''' ,'''When you come to a new club you always want to score, and the first goal is special. It doesn't matter how the goal is scored, but important is the goal's worth.''' ,'''For most people, it's easy when you're in front of the TV. It is easy - just look at the goalkeeper jump to his left so why don't you shoot to the right? Yeah, I can shoot to the right but, on my mind, was the left and the goalkeeper saved it! It can happen! But the most important thing, for me, is to keep scoring.''' ,'''The position I play is to do that, assist and score when you can.''' ,'''I grew up with my brother who is five years older, and so I grew up playing with him and with his friends. Most of the time, I wouldn't play because he didn't want me to play with his friends - I don't know if he was afraid that I was too good for them!''' ,'''For me, it was impressive how Iniesta finished his career without the Ballon d'Or. With everything he won, it is difficult for me to understand!''' ,'''Maybe my way of showing leadership is a little more expressive and people see more from me than other players but I think at the end of the day, you have to have 25 leaders in the team if you want to win something.''' ,'''We know the fans want to see goals, skills, some magic things but the most important thing, for us, and what we need to think about, is winning.''' ,'''I will never stop improving until I stop my career because I think every day you can improve, every day you can do something new, and every day you can do something better.''' ,'''If you talk about stadiums that everyone knows, the most historic are San Siro and Old Trafford.''' ,'''For me, ever since I was a kid, it was a dream playing for Manchester United.''' ,'''Pressure always has to be present in our day-to-day and we have to be under pressure to improve every day.''' ,'''A team changes when everyone pushes together for the same side.''' ,'''I have respect for Pep and what he won, and what he did for football because he changed some mentalities in football.''' ,'''It's not enough just to be talented, or to work hard, or to be mentally strong. You have to combine absolutely everything. You have to live football, completely.''' ,'''You have to trust your team-mates, you have to trust yourself, and you have to believe.''' ,'''When you have an individual trophy, of course, you are doing really well and deserve the credit but that credit goes to the team because they help you do better and better.''' ,'''I played central defender for the most part when I started playing football, either central defence or right-back.''' ,'''When Cristiano burst on to the scene here in Manchester, he spent a good chunk of his early career here and enjoyed so much success. That's why it was a dream of mine to play for Manchester United and I'm very pleased to be here because it's a childhood dream come true.''' ,'''You look in the past and when I'm younger, you look at the players who play for Manchester United and you see the biggest stars in the world.''' ,'''The most important target is the trophies. Trophies will be more important than scoring goals.''' ,'''You have to put pressure on yourself.''' ,'''You need to go out to the game and just understand you need to beat your opponent. With all of the respect, because you need to have respect for your opponent, but you need to beat them. If you don't beat them, they will beat you.''' ,'''For me, losing is not normal so my mentality comes from that.''' ,'''I think everyone knows what it means to play a derby - it doesn't matter which derby it is.''' ,'''Nobody in football, a team sport, wins an individual trophy just doing well himself.''' ,'''I play midfielder, playmaker, even second striker: where I am needed and where I can be most useful.''' ,'''If you see my stats, everyone is thinking that Bruno has to score in every game, Bruno has to assist in every game.''' ,'''At Sporting I have found the trust and I am at home. I had the chance to come and I immediately picked it up.''' ,'''What goes on in the pitch, out of it, for me, it's past.''' ,'''I looked at Manchester with more interest when Cristiano was here because it's normal when you have Portuguese players in some teams, you look at them more than other teams.''' ,'''Of course if I score I'm happy this is for sure.''' ,'''It doesn't matter how you score, when the ball touches the net it's a goal.''' ,'''A No.10 doesn't need to score a lot to be confident.''' ,'''I think everyone has leadership inside them, but in different ways.''' ,'''Representing your country in any circumstances is a huge honour.''' ,'''People can say what they think, I don't care.''' ,'''Of course, I enjoy assisting my team-mates because playing no.10 is the position you have to serve your team-mates.''' ,'''We have to go into every game with the same mentality as we have for Liverpool. It can be different playing against Burnley to Liverpool. I understand for the fans it's different but, for us, it can't be because the result we want is the same and nothing else.''' ,'''You can be better every day. If not, I will not come to training every day.''' ,'''People will always complain about everything.''' ,'''Of course, the Premier League is one of the trophies we want to win and I think to win the Europa League would be good for the mentality of winning trophies and fighting with the top clubs.''' ,'''My target is to score the most goals I can and assist my team-mates to score to.''' ,'''Whatever it is, when I was playing with my friends, my brother, with my neighbours, I never wanted to lose.''' ,'''I'm there to serve my strikers.''' ,'''I want to be the best I can and if it is possible be remembered like one of the best in Manchester.''' ,'''I want to win every time, this mentality will be with me for the rest of my life.''' ,'''It's great to have Cristiano. He makes any team stronger.''' ,'''I was always Team Cristiano. My brother was always Team Messi.''' ,'''Of course every player wants a hat-trick.''' ,'''You don't want your rivals at the same level as you, or with the same amount of trophies as you.''' ,'''I think yes, of course, when you score lots of goals, you are happy.''' ,'''I'm a person who demands a lot from myself and always want more and to do better.''' ,'''I'm a Cristiano Ronaldo fan and he's a player I've always followed.''' ,'''The real world doesn't tell you that you were unbelievable after every match. A lot of times they are people that criticise you telling that you are not good enough. That's just football. You have to be able to take it with a smile, and analyse it truthfully, and use it as motivation.''' ,'''I think you can always learn every day, it doesn't matter how good you are.''' ,'''You need to win the games no matter how.''' ,'''I will never be tired to play.''' ,'''Leading is every day in the training ground, every game and everyone is doing their job to lead the team in the way they think is best.''' ,'''I was really good, I had a coach who said to me, 'If you want to be a top player, you will need to play as a central defender. If you want to be a good player, you will be a midfielder.' I think he was wrong but, maybe as a central defender, I could be much better, I don't know!''' ,'''When I was a kid, I played maybe seven or eight hours a day. So, to play 90 minutes every three days or two days is not enough for me.''' ,'''I think any player who joins Manchester United wants to win everything; I want to win every competition that Manchester United compete in.''' ,'''I'm an ambitious player who wants success and I want to win every game in every competition we're in.''' ,'''When you have strikers who move a lot, and they give you the chance to play balls for them, it is really good.''' ,'''I came to Manchester to win trophies.''' ,'''Since I was a kid it was a dream to play for Man United, and to be there at Old Trafford is the biggest dream of my career.''' ,'''I will be captain for my teammates and be captain of Manchester United is an important achievement for me but I think everyone is the captain, everyone needs to help and be a leader in their own way, leadership is different in every player.''' ,'''Yes, it was my dream to play in the Premier League and fortunately for me my dream is also to play for Manchester United.''' ,'''Penalties are part of the game, you know. You need to score. You have the chance but you need to score.''' ,]
+++