+++
author = "Tawny Kitaen"
title = "Tawny Kitaen Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Tawny Kitaen Quotes"
keywords = "tawny kitaen,tawny kitaen quotes,tawny kitaen quote,tawny kitaen sayings,tawny kitaen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'd love to play a role like Kathleen Turner in 'Body Heat.'''' ,'''I've made movies all over the world but I really like staying home. I can cook my meals, be a normal person.''' ,'''I hate pictures like 'Witchboard.'''' ,'''My real name is Julie Tawny Kitaen. I know it sounds phony but it isn't.''' ,'''I dabble in everything... it's very therapeutic.''' ,'''MTV was just such a big pop cultural phenomenon, and I was lucky to be part of it.''' ,'''Cooking used to be the one thing that kept my mind exactly where my body was. It's a sign of growing up that I can do that other ways now.''' ,'''I'd really like to do a prime time series. That way I could work in the same city I live in and enjoy regular hours. Movies have taken me all over the world. And that gets tiresome very quickly.''' ,'''I didn't have a lot of experience as a dancer.''' ,'''I felt like I was in the wrong body, especially when you're considered a sex symbol.''' ,'''I've been around the block a few times. There is still a lot to learn but I've learned a lot in my life through error.''' ,'''It's so hard for a girl who has had to work on her figure and be sexy. It makes you realize I am not just a body.''' ,'''I did floor and I did the balance beam, so, you know, dancing on two Jaguar hoods, it was a snap!''' ,'''I can still do the splits on cars, but... nothing else!''' ,'''People think abuse is just for women. It must drive men absolutely insane because men get abused as well.''' ,'''I will never call 911 again.''' ,'''I used to try to live down that whole big-hair era, but I've come to accept it and have fun with it all.''' ,]
+++