+++
author = "William F. Buckley, Jr."
title = "William F. Buckley, Jr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 William F. Buckley, Jr. Quotes"
keywords = "william f. buckley, jr.,william f. buckley, jr. quotes,william f. buckley, jr. quote,william f. buckley, jr. sayings,william f. buckley, jr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive.''' ,'''All adventure is now reactionary.''' ,'''I would like to electrocute everyone who uses the word 'fair' in connection with income tax policies.''' ,'''The more complicated and powerful the job, the more rudimentary the preparation for it.''' ,'''One can't doubt that the American objective in Iraq has failed - different plans have to be made. And the kernel here is the acknowledgement of defeat.''' ,'''A Conservative is a fellow who is standing athwart history yelling 'Stop!'''' ,'''The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry.''' ,'''To buy very good wine nowadays requires only money. To serve it to your guests is a sign of fatigue.''' ,'''I would like to take you seriously, but to do so would affront your intelligence.''' ,'''It seems to me that the idea traditionally defended of endeavoring to maintain existing ethnic balances simply doesn't work any more.''' ,'''We love your adherence to democratic principles.''' ,'''Life can't be all bad when for ten dollars you can buy all the Beethoven sonatas and listen to them for ten years.''' ,'''Some of my instincts are reprehensible.''' ,'''I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.''' ,'''I get satisfaction of three kinds. One is creating something, one is being paid for it and one is the feeling that I haven't just been sitting on my ass all afternoon.''' ,'''Truth is a demure lady, much too ladylike to knock you on your head and drag you to her cave. She is there, but people must want her, and seek her out.''' ,'''I won't insult your intelligence by suggesting that you really believe what you just said.''' ,'''I'd rather entrust the government of the United States to the first 400 people listed in the Boston telephone directory than to the faculty of Harvard University.''' ,'''Even if one takes every reefer madness allegation of the prohibitionists at face value, marijuana prohibition has done far more harm to far more people than marijuana ever could.''' ,'''It is not a sign of arrogance for the king to rule. That is what he is there for.''' ,'''There is an inverse relationship between reliance on the state and self-reliance.''' ,'''Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it.''' ,'''The majority of the senior class of Vassar does not desire my company and I must confess, having read specimens of their thought and sentiments, that I do not desire the company of the majority of the senior class of Vassar.''' ,'''Back in the thirties we were told we must collectivize the nation because the people were so poor. Now we are told we must collectivize the nation because the people are so rich.''' ,'''Liberals, it has been said, are generous with other peoples' money, except when it comes to questions of national survival when they prefer to be generous with other people's freedom and security.''' ,'''It had all the earmarks of a CIA operation; the bomb killed everybody in the room except the intended target!''' ,'''Liberals claim to want to give a hearing to other views, but then are shocked and offended to discover that there are other views.''' ,'''One must bear in mind that the expansion of federal activity is a form of eating for politicians.''' ,]
+++