+++
author = "Scott Wolf"
title = "Scott Wolf Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Scott Wolf Quotes"
keywords = "scott wolf,scott wolf quotes,scott wolf quote,scott wolf sayings,scott wolf saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was always proud on 'Party of Five'. We never had the biggest audience, but we had arguably the most loyal.''' ,'''Idolizing is a strong word, though. I'm happy that people respond well to the work I'm doing now. If anyone admires what I'm doing in any way, then I'm really proud of it.''' ,'''When 'Party of Five' ended I believed we had run our course. I believed the basic ideal and premise of the show had been fulfilled.''' ,'''If I could live a parallel life, I would be a sitcom star; being in front of a live audience would be great.''' ,'''Actually, I've only been involved with one girl I worked with. It was Alyssa Milano. We didn't actually have an onscreen kiss - we're about to but it gets broken up.''' ,'''I watch sitcoms like Seinfeld, and here's a newsflash, but what a great show.''' ,'''I don't think the way I look at myself has changed.''' ,'''I still feel like I'm doing this for the same reasons and working just as hard.''' ,'''It's kind of a shame that it's even an issue. Not being gay, I can't fully appreciate how complicated that is. In the article, the interviewer asked me, and I said that if I were, I would just say it.''' ,'''There are so many people I would love to work with, like Al Pacino, Paul Newman, Gary Oldman - maybe Tom Cruise. I wanna play his brother in something - so call my agent!''' ,'''Although, I didn't really like sushi until I moved out to L.A.''' ,'''I got tackled once in a movie theater. I was with my mom and brother, and then suddenly I got hit from behind and sort of sprawled out on the candy counter.''' ,'''Everyone wants that sense of fulfilling a purpose in some way.''' ,'''But since I'm single, it's nice to get a kiss where I can.''' ,'''We felt like we just got surrounded by this community of friends.''' ,'''I had heard before that there were rumors I was gay. It's funny. My cousin gets his hair cut at this place, and one of the guys there told him that Scott Wolf was gay. He didn't realize that he was my cousin.''' ,'''You can't do your work worrying about what people will think of it - you kind of just have to do your work.''' ,'''I guess I hit a point while I was in college when I realized I would have to do something with my life!''' ,'''I was a big Jersey meat-and-potatoes kind of guy before I got here.''' ,'''I was always enamored with TV shows and movies. But you didn't grow up in my town and turn into an actor.''' ,'''I see myself as the same person as I was, as I am now.''' ,]
+++