+++
author = "Giambattista Valli"
title = "Giambattista Valli Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Giambattista Valli Quotes"
keywords = "giambattista valli,giambattista valli quotes,giambattista valli quote,giambattista valli sayings,giambattista valli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like things that are kind of eclectic, when one thing doesn't go with another. That's why I love Rome. The town itself is that way. It's where Fascist architecture meets classic Renaissance, where the ancient bangs up against the contemporary. It has a touch of everything. That's my style, and that's what my work is about.''' ,'''Rome holds my psyche in balance. Whenever I'm there, it's like a holiday.''' ,'''I'm a label that wants to sell. I believe in clothes.''' ,'''I want a woman to feel the cut of the scissors in the clothes.''' ,'''Capucci was the biggest schooling I had. It wasn't just about the technical knowledge, such as color and volume, but also about the secret rules, and the beautiful codes of respect between the atelier and the master.''' ,'''At Ungaro, I discovered the flou and the language of Paris.''' ,'''The hardest thing in fashion is not to be known for a logo, but to be known for a silhouette.''' ,'''My clothes are for the international jet set. They are very much for the red carpet.''' ,'''The problem is that resuscitating old labels doesn't work anymore. I think it is very important to give hope to a new generation of designers, so that one day they really can put their own names out there.''' ,'''I have made bouquets of pleats, bouquets of flowers, bouquets of ruffles, bouquets of feathers. Often I design in mousseline, held tightly around the waist, and with something else going on all around.''' ,'''I don't shop. I buy things that inspire me, that give me emotion.''' ,]
+++