+++
author = "Eleanor Tomlinson"
title = "Eleanor Tomlinson Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Eleanor Tomlinson Quotes"
keywords = "eleanor tomlinson,eleanor tomlinson quotes,eleanor tomlinson quote,eleanor tomlinson sayings,eleanor tomlinson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I never trust anything that can be captured in 2 takes.''' ,'''Sometimes it's nice as an actress just to keep something back about yourself so there's a little bit of mystery.''' ,'''After filming the first season of 'Poldark,' I went with the cast on a trip to Iceland. We started off in Reykjavik and then went into the mountains and swam in naturally heated pools.''' ,'''I'm aware of being pigeonholed in those period drama roles. But, I do love them at the same time.''' ,'''Wow, I think you grow all the time when you're working. You start the job and by the end of it, if it's a long one, you kind of say, 'My God, I was so different at the start of this job.' I always feel like I've changed for the better with each one.''' ,'''I travel a lot with work... to and from Cornwall and Bristol, so I find myself on lots of trains.''' ,'''I just want to be known for the work I do, not my personal life or what I'm wearing.''' ,'''They always call 'Poldark' a 'bodice-ripper,' but I don't think a single bodice has ever been ripped.''' ,'''I'd like to have a solid, classy career with a good CV of work. I want to be known for acting, not my personal life. Women like Emma Thompson and Kate Winslet - they're intelligent and sophisticated. I want to be given those opportunities.''' ,'''The most uncomfortable costumes have been when you've had to wear a corset.''' ,'''Well, Mom and Dad are both actors, and I've spent a lot of time watching my mom on stage and a lot of time on set with my dad, so it was very much a part of my growing up.''' ,'''I remember when I was younger. Dad's agent came round, and I asked if she would represent me. She didn't represent children at the time, but I wouldn't let her leave the house until she agreed. I've always been quite headstrong.''' ,'''It's amazing how uncreative some people can be in this industry. They look at you and go, 'She's not right for the role'... but you've got to give someone a chance to show they're an actress. It's very frustrating.''' ,'''I'm one of those people who loves love. I'm fascinated by it: what it does to us, how it messes us up.''' ,'''I want to see some scripts written by women and projects being directed by women.''' ,'''I love doing stunts. It's so much fun.''' ,'''Now when people say, 'Oh, you're going to be such a big star!' I simply don't listen.''' ,'''I'll greatly miss 'Poldark' when it finishes.''' ,'''I am so lucky to do the job I do.''' ,'''When you are being flown for a big movie, you are always looked after well.''' ,'''Frankly, I don't want to let trolls into my life.''' ,'''I'm not interested in being the damsel in distress; I want someone who has her own storyline and her own mission - not a woman who, to use a comedy term, is just there to provide the feed line to someone else's joke.''' ,'''Both London and New York are brilliant for theatre.''' ,'''There is a lot of hype about drama school, I think.''' ,'''I really love being a redhead. Even though it's not my natural colour, it makes me feel more like myself.''' ,'''It's a very competitive industry, and so much of it does come down to luck, so I feel very blessed that I've been given the opportunities that I have, and I guess that's what fuels me - the fight to keep going.''' ,'''I have been incredibly lucky. My parents are actors; they've been the safety blanket around me.''' ,'''I see it as a privilege to be part of 'Poldark.'''' ,'''I love Paris.''' ,'''The hardest thing about this industry is not working.''' ,'''There are now superhero movies fronted by women, and I think directors generally are moving away from that stereotypical woman's role that is just about being flirted with by a man before falling into his arms.''' ,]
+++