+++
author = "Joe Barton"
title = "Joe Barton Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Joe Barton Quotes"
keywords = "joe barton,joe barton quotes,joe barton quote,joe barton sayings,joe barton saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are enough people who lost faith in me that it's time to step aside and let there be a new voice for the 6th district in Washington, so I am not going to run for re-election.''' ,'''Supercookies are legal, but I don't think they should be.''' ,'''I think we should drill up in Alaska.''' ,'''I'm very proud to be a member of the Congress. And I'm proud to serve with people like Mike Doyle.''' ,'''Our flag honors those who have fought to protect it, and is a reminder of the sacrifice of our nation's founders and heroes. As the ultimate icon of America's storied history, the Stars and Stripes represents the very best of this nation.''' ,'''I tell my environmental friends that they have won. Every issue we look at from an energy perspective is now also looked at from an environmental perspective.''' ,'''I will use my position as chairman emeritus on the Energy and Commerce Committee to try to bring some common sense to EPA regulations.''' ,'''The constant abuse of online activity must stop.''' ,'''People don't want Congress dictating what light fixtures they can use.''' ,'''I am very proud of my public record and the many accomplishments of my office. It has been a tremendous honor to represent the 6th District of Texas for over three decades, but now it is time to step aside and let there be a new voice.''' ,'''No one in the United States has become seriously ill or has died because of any kind of accident at a civilian nuclear power plant.''' ,'''I would point out that if you're a believer in the Bible, one would have to say the Great Flood is an example of climate change and that certainly wasn't because mankind had overdeveloped hydrocarbon energy.''' ,'''Adapting is a common natural way for people to adapt to their environment.''' ,'''It affects you when you get shot at, when your children get shot at. In our case, we had one shooter, a guy from Illinois mad that Trump won, and decided to come to Washington and shoot GOP congressmen.''' ,'''If we start - premise that the information is mine, and we give the individual's rights, we worry about what happens during a breach. If you try to protect access to it, as opposed to not even making it available, you have less to worry about who will break the wall.''' ,'''Now, if you're Al Gore, you can afford $10 a pop for squiggly-pig-tailed fluorescent light bulbs. But if you're mainstream America, two or three kids, mom and dad working outside the home, that's not a very good deal.''' ,'''CO2 is not a pollutant in any normal definition of the term.''' ,'''The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is continually reviewing its safety plan for the 100-plus operating civilian nuclear reactors in the United States. And when those plants were put into operation, they were required to have double and triple redundant safety systems.''' ,'''The American flag is an enduring symbol of liberty, democracy, and justice. It is fitting that the House act to protect it as we approach our nation's birthday, and as our men and women in uniform rally behind it in Iraq's battlefields.''' ,'''Texans are by nature independent people.''' ,'''Politics in Washington is a contact sport. But it shouldn't be a personal animosity sport.''' ,'''You do not need the government to protect open internet; the marketplace was doing it and will continue to do it. All you are doing is adding a burden that does not need to be there.''' ,'''There's no way you should try to send somebody back who came here as a child with their parents and who's grown up here in the United States. They're Americans.''' ,'''Wind is God's way of balancing heat. Wind is the way you shift heat from areas where it's hotter to areas where it's cooler. That's what wind is.''' ,'''I believe the earth's climate is changing, but I think it's changing for natural variation reasons and I think mankind has been adapting to climate as long as man has walked the earth.''' ,]
+++