+++
author = "Si Robertson"
title = "Si Robertson Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Si Robertson Quotes"
keywords = "si robertson,si robertson quotes,si robertson quote,si robertson sayings,si robertson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My father, OK, when we first got old enough to hunt, this was his rule: If you shoot it, you come home and eat it. Otherwise you do not shoot it, OK? You don't just kill something for the sake of killing it, OK? If you kill it, you gotta grill it, so to speak.''' ,'''I look in the mirror every morning, okay. What is going on here? You know, I just say, 'Look, it's sheer insanity.'''' ,'''There's a lot of kids who look up to me, and that's humbling. Because being human, I don't want to fail them. But being human, I will. That's why it's so important to have your faith put in something that won't fail you. And that means the Son of God's kingdom.''' ,'''It ain't gun control we need; it's sin control.''' ,'''Christianity is why the 'Duck Dynasty' family is still together.''' ,'''I'm always just carrying a Tupperware cup, ever since my mom went to a Tupperware party and got 'em. I've left them strewn all over the U.S. and Europe. I drink iced tea out of them.''' ,'''When I go out or to an event, I'll wear blue jeans and a shirt. And sometimes when I go to an event I'll wear camouflage. It depends what kind of mood I'm in.''' ,'''I don't know what a person does that does not have a relationship with God. When he goes to the doctor and the doctors says, 'Hey, you've got less than two months to live and there's nothing we can do for you.' Who do they turn to when you're given something that earth shattering?''' ,'''The fans always ask me, 'Is Si that crazy in real life?' and I said, 'No, hey, he tones it down for television.'''' ,'''That's what got me through 65 years of life - my belief in God and what He's done for us and what He will do for us.''' ,'''A lot of people say, 'Hey, God doesn't have a sense of humor.' Yes, He does. God has a great sense of humor.''' ,'''We are the rags to riches story, okay, the Robertson's are. Okay? We had very humble beginnings. Everybody's trying to figure out what, what's behind it, and all the Robertsons say, 'Hey, it's divine intervention.' Me personally, okay, God's gonna take 'Duck Dynasty' where he wants it to go, okay, and to the people that he wants it to go to.''' ,'''The Bible says that you marry for life, okay. It's a lifetime decision.''' ,'''I go out into America, and I am literally navigating a minefield. Godliness has become abnormal.''' ,'''I'm really a shy person.''' ,'''When I started out in the duck-call business, my college buddies would come in and say, 'Robertson, you have a college degree. What are you doing?' Then they drove away saying, 'What an idiot!' Thirty-five years later, they're saying, 'The sucker's a genius!'''' ,'''A lot of people don't believe there's evil. If there's good in this world, then you're being intellectually dishonest, if you believe there's a good power, you've also got to believe there's an evil power, too. There are physical laws that are in place.''' ,'''In the winter, things are dead and dull, but then there is an explosion of life. That's what He promises people who believe in His Son. That's what all the Robertsons are banking on.''' ,'''What I tell young couples that are getting married is: you're going to have quarrels, and on some things, you're just going to have to agree to disagree. And when you go to bed at night, kiss each other and tell each other that you love each other. Don't go to bed mad. Life is too short. Keep it simple.''' ,'''Daddy had a farm - cows, pigs, OK, a big garden, OK? We did live off the land, and then we would supplement all that with whatever we could kill or catch. Whether we'd kill squirrels, deer, duck, or caught catfish or brim, that was what went on the table.''' ,'''When I sign people's stuff, I put down John 3:16 and 17.''' ,'''Vets are close to my heart, okay, and it's not only because I served, okay. It's because of what they go through, okay. A lot of these people have gave their lives, a lot of them have gave their limbs, okay, you know, that's a, that's a, that's a heap, you know.''' ,]
+++