+++
author = "Minnie Pearl"
title = "Minnie Pearl Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Minnie Pearl Quotes"
keywords = "minnie pearl,minnie pearl quotes,minnie pearl quote,minnie pearl sayings,minnie pearl saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think Elvis would be alive today, probably, if he had been allowed to mix and mingle with his fans. I think it was a great cross for him to bear that he couldn't get out and be with his fans.''' ,'''Elvis said, Miss Minnie, do you think it would be out of order if I go up and speak to General Stewart? I've always been such a fan of his. So Elvis went up to speak to the Stewarts.''' ,'''I knew about Elvis. Of course, everybody knew about him then.''' ,'''Elvis walked over and signed a few autographs over the fence. They were screaming. I had never seen this.''' ,'''Take the back roads instead of the highways.''' ,'''Kissing a man with a beard is a lot like going to a picnic. You don't mind going through a little bush to get there!''' ,'''God has a plan for all of us, but He expects us to do our share of the work.''' ,'''We have boys now, and men, in the rock and roll business and all the show business, who have this reaction on women. They scream. They yell. They do all sorts of wild things.''' ,'''It's the most unglamourous glamour business in the world.''' ,'''When we got to the hotel, the Hawaiian Village, there were 500 screaming women there. The police were trying to keep the crowd back. It was very dangerous.''' ,'''The doctor must have put my pacemaker in wrong. Every time my husband kisses me, the garage door goes up.''' ,'''They were taking pictures and everything. When we got down off the plane, the minute Elvis made his appearance at the door of the plane, the screaming got even worse.''' ,'''I can always remember that experience in Hawaii pleasantly on account of Elvis.''' ,'''I think Elvis loved his fans - I think that's why they loved him and still love him. Fans are very conscious and sensitive to the fact that performers love them.''' ,'''I've been with certain stars; some are caring and pay attention to their fans and to their fellow performers and some are too busy. Elvis never seemed too busy.''' ,'''Show business is made up of disappointments, and it's through life's disappointments that you grow.''' ,'''Colonel Parker asked Henry and me to come to Elvis' suite and have breakfast. There were at least five policemen stationed up there. He was talking on the telephone.''' ,'''My husband was a pilot. He flew Elvis when Elvis first started making appearances around the country.''' ,'''Elvis couldn't leave the hotel except under heavy guard. It was incredible how they went wild over him.''' ,]
+++