+++
author = "Daria Werbowy"
title = "Daria Werbowy Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Daria Werbowy Quotes"
keywords = "daria werbowy,daria werbowy quotes,daria werbowy quote,daria werbowy sayings,daria werbowy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was a kid, everywhere I went people said I should be a model, but I was more into skateboarding.''' ,'''I guess a lot of people don't realise, but I'm always playing a character when I'm working. When you're always having people's images projected on you, who 'Daria' is as a person sort of disappears.''' ,'''I suppose it's the feminist in me, but I didn't always associate modelling with an intelligent career. I used to put myself down for doing it.''' ,'''When I'm working, I always make time to get exercise into my schedule.''' ,'''I'm not a big planner when I travel; I just feel it out.''' ,'''I can't analyse my appeal. If I did, I'd be in a straitjacket.''' ,'''The older I get, the less I need. I wear the same jean shorts for the whole week. I'm not running to the store to get the latest bag.''' ,'''I've never had to rebel against my parents; I never had that sort of teen-angst thing where you didn't get along with them. My dad's always been my buddy.''' ,'''India is such a hospitable country.''' ,'''Home is your sanctuary.''' ,'''Sailing is the closest I can get to nature - it's adrenaline, fear, a constant challenge and learning experience, an adventure into the unknown. And of course there is nothing better than wearing the same T-shirt for days and not brushing my hair for weeks.''' ,'''I've been taking photographs since I was a teenager, and fashion has taught me a lot more about photography. It's definitely inspired me.''' ,'''I think one of the secrets to modelling is the less you care and the more you're yourself, the more successful you are.''' ,'''There's an art to making something look good when, on a hanger, it's just a black coat.''' ,'''I've always wanted to break the stereotype of being a model.''' ,'''I am not a big facial person. But I do love a body scrub.''' ,]
+++