+++
author = "Rachel Maddow"
title = "Rachel Maddow Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Rachel Maddow Quotes"
keywords = "rachel maddow,rachel maddow quotes,rachel maddow quote,rachel maddow sayings,rachel maddow saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have a file of letters and bits of ephemera from friends who have died. I have had lots of friends who died of AIDS.''' ,'''People who disagree on important issues don't agree on the facts.''' ,'''Military preparedness is absolutely a form of strength.''' ,'''If something is being done on a secret basis in national security, that's a great reason for elected officials to not talk about it. And that's a great way to shirk accountability for it with the public.''' ,'''The problem that I think is reasonable to assert about Fox and its coverage is that they make up stories out of whole cloth and then make a big deal out of them.''' ,'''When it starts to seem like you have popped into bed with a specific party, it makes it difficult for people to believe you are not doing someone else's bidding for them.''' ,'''I don't think about people watching me on TV. I think it would stress me out.''' ,'''In the little town where I live in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, we now have a 'Public Safety Complex' around the corner from what used to be our hokey Andy Griffith-esque fire station.''' ,'''So this is the only TV show in America where I am quite confident that you, the audience, will share my excitement when I tell you that coming up in our next segment, we have the best graph ever. Best graph ever.''' ,'''I would like to be a polyglot.''' ,'''If the colonists hadn't rejected British militarism and the massive financial burden of maintaining the British military, America wouldn't exist.''' ,'''I'm hopeless by e-mail, by phone, by text.''' ,'''Having a place out of the city is a shortcut toward the mental reset I need.''' ,'''It used to be that we disagreed over the basic facts we were fighting over, and we had different opinions about them. Now I think we accept different sources of authority. ... And people can establish credibility on their own say-so as long as nobody follows the trail and calls them out on it.''' ,'''I'm not a screamer. I'm confrontational, but I don't think that translates into anger.''' ,'''I have a constitutional weakness in which I am very easily distracted by flashing lights. If there is a TV on in the room, I can't have a conversation with you. I won't eat, I won't sleep, I'll just meld with my couch.''' ,'''Pentagon dollars are essentially seen as a different kind of funding that doesn't have to stand for itself and make an argument for itself in the house of Congress.''' ,'''It's not just the small-potatoes post-9/11 Homeland spending that feels a little off mission. It's the big-ticket stuff too.''' ,'''The folks celebrating Jim Bunning are seeing him as an anti-government, anti-spending activist. But to embrace Jim Bunning is to embrace a strange record, if you really are a libertarian, if you really are a deficit hawk, if you really care about spending and responsibility.''' ,'''I think that presidents don't give up power that has accrued to them by the precedent of previous presidents. Even when they say they would like to, I think once they get there they don't give it up.''' ,'''I think service is honorable, and that was always inculcated in me.''' ,'''I'm sure other people in the business have considered reasons why they're doing what they're doing, but I do think that if you're gay you have a responsibility to come out.''' ,'''Gay people - generally speaking - have a responsibility to our own community and to future generations of gay people to come out, if and when we feel that we can.''' ,'''As proud and capable as it is, I think the idea that the military can build new countries is a tall order, and it's the sort of thing that we would only expect from a military that we have superresourced and thought of as supercapable.''' ,'''A handkerchief can never be put in another pocket after it has been in one pocket. I don't walk under ladders. I have items of clothing that are lucky for me. That rotates, but I am luck-oriented.''' ,'''I'm a national security liberal, which I tell people because it's meant to sound absurd.''' ,'''I think a lot of people of my generation are discomfited by the assertion of neutrality in the mainstream media, this idea that they're the voice of God. I think it's just honest to say, yes, you know where I'm coming from but you can fact-check anything I say.''' ,'''My life is better with every year of living it.''' ,'''The spy boom has been a beautiful windfall for architects, construction companies, IT specialists, and above all defense contractors, enriching thousands of private companies and dozens of local economies hugging the Capital Beltway.''' ,'''I loved being on the radio. Being paid to talk? It's like being paid to eat.''' ,]
+++