+++
author = "Jean Louisa Kelly"
title = "Jean Louisa Kelly Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Jean Louisa Kelly Quotes"
keywords = "jean louisa kelly,jean louisa kelly quotes,jean louisa kelly quote,jean louisa kelly sayings,jean louisa kelly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would love for musicals to come back on the screen.''' ,'''My character in 'Mr. Holland's Opus' was kind of coming of age, learning about a world that was opening up to her.''' ,'''You have more time to work in movies. My experience with movies is that you have more time to experiment with the character and camera angles and things like that.''' ,'''In TV, it is important to get everything on film as fast as possible. You rehearse every day of the week, and each day, the performance may be changed. The process is more result-oriented than in the movies. It's more about working quickly.''' ,'''There aren't too many things that make you feel better than a little kid seeing you, yelling your name, and running to you.''' ,'''When they're watching musicals, I've heard people say, 'That's not realistic! Why would they just start singing?' But, I think they can believe it if they try! I mean, science fiction requires a suspension of disbelief, but people allow themselves to sit back and enjoy it anyway.''' ,'''It's real difficult to sing out in the elements at 2 in the morning in 35-degree weather while you're dancing in a sleeveless chiffon dress.''' ,'''John Candy gave me a Hard Rock Cafe jacket, which was awesome because I was really from a very rural, small town, and it seemed so exciting to me. I think my mom still has that jacket.''' ,'''I always sang around the house. My brother and I would sing songs like 'Take Me Out to the Ballgame' and stuff like that.''' ,'''There weren't a lot of 'Singin' in the Rain' fans in my age group.''' ,'''My family moved from Massachusetts to Maryland after my sophomore year of high school, and that's when I got the audition for 'Uncle Buck.' I took the train into New York, and I think I did the test with John Candy. Then I got the part, and it was my first movie and my first screen anything.''' ,'''I'm terrified for what is in store for me as a parent!''' ,]
+++