+++
author = "Suki Waterhouse"
title = "Suki Waterhouse Quotes"
quotes_len = "81"
description = "the best 81 Suki Waterhouse Quotes"
keywords = "suki waterhouse,suki waterhouse quotes,suki waterhouse quote,suki waterhouse sayings,suki waterhouse saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Just as London is not one endless afternoon tea, L.A. isn't all super-fit, health food-crazy freaks.''' ,'''One thing people would be surprised to know about me: I have a mean roundhouse kick. And my guilty pleasure? Deep fried pig ears!''' ,'''I don't really live anywhere.''' ,'''I've always been called 'Suki,' but my actual first name is Alice.''' ,'''I have a crush on Freja Beha.''' ,'''L.A. has been a great place to dip into, but I'll always come back to London.''' ,'''I'll sit on the floor and cry if I'm having a meltdown. I don't care.''' ,'''If I want to look half decent, a blow dry is a godsend. I'm crap at doing my own hair.''' ,'''I'm active, but I just don't like being hungry or feeling like I've deprived myself. I want to enjoy life.''' ,'''I want my clothes to be alluring but not uber sexy.''' ,'''When I was 14, I couldn't be bothered to tweeze my eyebrows, so I would shave them in between. One time, my hand slipped, and I had half an eyebrow.''' ,'''I've gotten so into the thing of moving, moving, moving, but I'm desperate to have a home. I just want my own little spot - I'm saving, but it's difficult because of the shopping... I'm actually addicted to online shopping - it's something about the packages arriving!''' ,'''Unless I really make an effort, I quite enjoy looking a bit off and something looking a bit wrong. That's how I feel most comfortable. If anything, it's just because I'm, like, very scatty and not very good at putting stuff together.''' ,'''I've got nothing against plastic surgery at all. I know lots of people, young and old, who've had it. The point about good surgery is you can't see it. The important thing is not to go crazy - and not to go to a bad surgeon.''' ,'''I eat pots of honey everywhere I go. I like anything sugary. And baths. I spend five hours in the bath. I eat in the bath.''' ,'''My problem is that what I like changes from week to week. Even the stuff in my suitcase right now I don't like any more.''' ,'''Acting is something I'm interested in, and I'll keep going to auditions, but modelling is my main job.''' ,'''My parents are both English. My dad is a plastic surgeon - his name's Norman Waterhouse, but we call him Normy. And my mom's a nurse, which is how they met - in a hospital, over decaying bone.''' ,'''I can see how a person could get addicted to the adrenaline of moviemaking.''' ,'''I'm the laziest person - that's my normal self. When I'm hanging around my house, I literally look like a tramp. I love being comfortable and having no make-up on.''' ,'''I think with modelling and acting these days, the lines are blurred. Everyone can do all sorts of things, so why do just one?''' ,'''A certain point came when I wanted to document growing-up adventures.''' ,'''I live my life in a sea of clothes. And it's fantastic to be able to use them and play with them.''' ,'''I am very excited about the launch of my new collection with Superga UK. I really enjoyed creating for the brand and adding a piece of myself into the designs. I hope that everyone loves them as much as I enjoyed making them.''' ,'''Some people can go out in a tight, short dress and heels, and it works, but even if I'm going to a club, I've got to throw on a big hoodie or something. And that's if you can get me into something tight in the first place.''' ,'''When I was younger, acting, singing and dancing was what it was all about. That's really what kept me in school because I was really naughty otherwise.''' ,'''I've been banned from cutting my own fringe.''' ,'''I don't talk about my boyfriend because it's boring.''' ,'''I have a playlist for every mood.''' ,'''If I do want to wear a little bit of makeup, I really like a pink lip. There's one called Lip Mist in Pink Heather from Burberry that I love.''' ,'''I know there are millions of people out there having just as good a time as I am.''' ,'''I will do crazy skincare things in the kitchen... I love coconut oil, so if I come home at night feeling all dry and like a fossil, I'll put my hand in a jar of coconut oil and just mush it over my face.''' ,'''With fashion, you go deep into a shoot for one day, but a movie lasts so much longer. It's literally like going to summer camp.''' ,'''It's definitely team work with my fashion career. The trick is to surround yourself with the best people, those whose opinions you really trust and value.''' ,'''I was such a tomboy when I was young. I hated girls' clothes.''' ,'''You can have some stable things in life, and so long as you're not away from those things for too long, they can help keep you grounded.''' ,'''Photographing friends means that there's a spontaneity to the images. I have a lot of love for my friends and family, and I love taking cool pictures of them.''' ,'''My life is just my life. When you're living it, it's just normal.''' ,'''I sometimes laugh at the fact that people say I have good style.''' ,'''I've been wearing Supergas forever. I'm always in flats, running around, so it makes sense for me.''' ,'''Me and my sisters were so awful. One nanny, we loved, but we hacked her email and sent her boyfriend lots of weird messages, and we once actually locked her in the toilet, too.''' ,'''When I started modeling, I was young and sort of a bit reckless - I wanted to make money and didn't really care about anything else.''' ,'''In reality, if there are 200 people commenting on something online, it's less than a grain of salt in a huge beach of humanity - who cares?''' ,'''I'm the eldest of four - I love my family so much. I'm crazy about them.''' ,'''The first coat I ever bought is in a plastic bag in about five pieces. It's by Sonia Rykiel. I can't wear it anymore, but I still like it.''' ,'''When I met Julia Roberts, the only thing that came out my mouth was, 'Thank you.'''' ,'''Never be afraid of failure. And don't stop yourself from doing something you want to do because of what others might think. Only you know yourself best.''' ,'''Being acknowledged by 'Vogue' and invited to do 'Today I'm Wearing' was a really great moment for me, and the photo diary of my outfits was a really fun thing to do.''' ,'''I believe we are most beautiful when we are constantly shedding our old selves and moving into new light.''' ,'''When I first started buying shoes with my own money, I would always get them from eBay. I used to hack my mum's account, and suddenly these white cowboy leather boots would arrive.''' ,'''When I was around 16 or 17, I got asked to model, but because I was very 'tomboy' at the time, I wasn't interested. But then I had a bit of teenage rebellion, and I saw modeling as an opportunity to get away from school and parents, so I thought, 'OK, maybe I will be a model.'''' ,'''I'm quite strong for a girl. I studied karate growing up - I'm a brown belt - and me and my sister used to beat the crap out of each other.''' ,'''I'm a chai tea latte monster. Anything syrupy!''' ,'''I can stay in the bath for, well, the longest has been seven or eight hours. I get completely set up with my laptop so I can watch 'The Sopranos,' put out some scented candles, music. I have a towel nearby so I can dry my hand to change the music or the TV. I make a little heaven for myself. And then I just refill and refill.''' ,'''I do try to wash my face before I go to bed now, which I never really used to do. Sometimes, if it's really dire, I won't, but most times I get around to it, even if it's just with water.''' ,'''I take my camera to shoots and ask all the photographers and assistants to show me what to do with it.''' ,'''I've always been blonde.''' ,'''I have a great agency! It's definitely team work with my fashion career. The trick is to surround yourself with the best people, those whose opinions you really trust and value.''' ,'''I'll sleep in my clothes sometimes. I sleep in my clothes all the time, actually - in my coat. I just hate getting changed for bed; I like the idea of falling asleep in a natural way.''' ,'''On 'True Blood,' the character's name is Sookie Stackhouse, and my name is Suki Waterhouse. So, I get people saying, 'Oh, I thought we were meeting the girl from True Blood.'''' ,'''Sometimes I love looking super groomed, and sometimes I like to look super weird.''' ,'''I bought Doc Martens when I was 13, and I wore them pretty much every day until I was 20. They stank, and my dad wouldn't even let them in the house, but I was completely in love with them.''' ,'''I'd like to be able to recall every J. Lo music video dance routine ever, naturally.''' ,'''I've acted my whole life pretty much, but then just got more into modelling.''' ,'''I've always loved slightly ugly shoes. Or even very ugly shoes.''' ,'''My hair is like flat baby hair after I wash it, so it needs something in it to get that 'day after' texture.''' ,'''I just want to work hard, do stuff of the best possible quality and be a great friend.''' ,'''Life is nothing but a bunch of experiences. There's no such thing as success or failure.''' ,'''The Met Ball is great, but isn't the best thing to just have a super fun night out with your friends?''' ,'''I was looking at this picture of Brooke Shields at Studio 54 the other day. Everyone in the shot looks amazing because they have these black and white cameras with a flash. I think that's what photographers should go back to.''' ,'''I'm bigger than the typical model, and I'm shorter, too. I really can't say why it's all worked for me.''' ,'''I rinse my hair with Coca-Cola sometimes. I don't like my hair when it's washed - it's fine and limp - but Coca-Cola makes it tousled, like I've gone through the Amazon or something.''' ,'''I wear stuff I regret all the time. It's very rare that I look back at a picture and think it was all good.''' ,'''I don't really like going out for dinner. It's way better to not have to wait for food... It's quite boring. I don't cook anything, though; I just transfer it from the fridge into bowls. I'm more of a transferer than a cook.''' ,'''I remember making my own fragrances when I was young.''' ,'''I think eyebrow gel is genius.''' ,'''I'll come down the stairs, and my parents and sister will be like, 'What are you wearing?'''' ,'''As soon as I get into my house, I put on sweats and pyjamas.''' ,'''When I was younger, acting, singing, and dancing was what it was all about.''' ,'''Preconceived judgments. I think we're all guilty of it. I judge other people even though I get judged myself. It's such a disease and gets spread so much through social media.''' ,'''I like to feel comfortable. I love British brands, and I enjoy dressing in a way that makes me feel good.''' ,]
+++