+++
author = "Lauren Miller"
title = "Lauren Miller Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Lauren Miller Quotes"
keywords = "lauren miller,lauren miller quotes,lauren miller quote,lauren miller sayings,lauren miller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''From a very young age, I wanted to be an actor, but I lived in a very small town in Florida where there weren't any opportunities for that.''' ,'''After leaving ImageMovers, I sold two pitches to Fox Atomic, which I then wrote for them.''' ,'''It was really exciting to see how 'Bridesmaids' was accepted and how well it did.''' ,''''Bridesmaids' proved there was an audience there that we knew was there. It proved that women go to the movies. They want to see story about themselves.''' ,'''We have over an hour of footage with Ken Marino. Same with Kevin Smith. Because you never know, when you let people who are so talented at improv go, what you're going to get. You don't want to strangle them with your own words, because probably what they're going to say is way better.''' ,'''I love comedy, and I think that's sort of what comes naturally to me.''' ,'''I wanted to stay in New York to pursue acting, but my dad urged me to get a four-year degree. Reading about the film school at Florida State University, he suggested I go there. I received my bachelor's degree in 2003.''' ,'''I went to film school, so I certainly know how to make things quickly and cheaply. But at the same time, I have the experience of working with Steve Starkey for three years. I watched him produce some gigantic movies.''' ,'''When I was in my early twenties, my mom started repeating things, asking the same questions, telling the same stories. It was like, 'Oh, God, this is not right.' When I was 25, my brother and I finally told our dad we had to take her to the doctor.''' ,'''I'm feeling pretty fortunate. I've been having lots of lovely auditions and meetings, so I'm savoring the moment.''' ,'''Girls will go see anything. They're open and excited to go to the movies and laugh.''' ,'''I went to film school, worked as an assistant, and wrote several scripts that haven't gotten made.''' ,'''If someone else isn't making it happen for you, make it happen yourself.''' ,'''I'm definitely one of those people who think that everything you do leads up to the moment where you are now.''' ,'''When you have a writing partner and you're writing a comedy, your goal is to make each other laugh.''' ,'''Writing is such a weird emotional thing. It's hard. If you sit down with a plan to write something, it's going to be harder.''' ,'''Losing a parent over eight years is a very dark journey. I spent the first four years feeling bad and angry and sorry for myself.''' ,]
+++