+++
author = "Emily Beecham"
title = "Emily Beecham Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Emily Beecham Quotes"
keywords = "emily beecham,emily beecham quotes,emily beecham quote,emily beecham sayings,emily beecham saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Be creative, have a good time, and be yourself.''' ,'''I was always putting on plays for my family. Usually silly ones. I used my imagination a lot, and it was something that came naturally to me.''' ,'''I feel 'The Street' is a really accurate comment on the relationships between people.''' ,'''Me and my friends, we wear jeans and no make-up. And people still love us.''' ,'''I went to LAMDA, which is a drama school in London, and we did a lot of combat there. I was quite good at all that.''' ,'''I was always warned about how hard it was to get work, so I didn't at all expect to get a job before I'd even left LAMDA. I was very realistic about it.''' ,'''I never went to school wanting to play cute characters or girly characters.''' ,'''My mum took me to the theatre a lot, and I'd obsess over them for weeks after. She took me to see 'The Blue Room' at The Royal Exchange when I was 13, and that was a profound moment for me - I remember really wanting to be an actor. It really spoke to me like nothing else had before.''' ,'''When I was young, I went with my mum to see some really random independent films, which really spoke to me: 'My Beautiful Laundrette,' 'Secrets and Lies'... It wasn't all arthouse, though!''' ,'''You don't lose your sexuality just because you're not wearing mascara.''' ,'''In London, people don't make eye contact; it's almost too provocative.''' ,'''In order to press further with who you want to become, you have to take risks, put yourself out there... That's the only way to discover you're actually capable.''' ,'''I like beautiful things that are striking.''' ,'''I'm very friendly and nice.''' ,'''I don't stalk handsome actors online. That would be inappropriate.''' ,'''I watched a lot of 'Wayne's World' on repeat.''' ,'''Often you get pigeonholed because of the way you look.''' ,'''In the movies, there's this idea that you're only desirable if you're physically dazzling.''' ,'''The girlfriend roles that we are usually offered are nearly always just kind and supportive. So it is refreshing for women and for men to see something different.''' ,'''Anybody can be anybody.''' ,]
+++