+++
author = "Laurie Simmons"
title = "Laurie Simmons Quotes"
quotes_len = "29"
description = "the best 29 Laurie Simmons Quotes"
keywords = "laurie simmons,laurie simmons quotes,laurie simmons quote,laurie simmons sayings,laurie simmons saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My favourite thing is to discover what someone does well and say, 'Do that for me.'''' ,'''There's part of our culture where uniqueness is celebrated and appreciated and another part of our culture where this one way to be - one color hair, one sized breasts, one kind of nose - that's also front and center.''' ,'''Parenthetically, I have to say, I don't particularly like dolls, nor have I ever liked them.''' ,'''I think that I came of age in the 1970s with my own work, and it was a time of conceptual and process art, and it was very important not to tell a story. If you told a story, when I was a young artist and first came to N.Y., it was, like, an embarrassing way to make art.''' ,'''I can't even relate to the idea of raising a feminist.''' ,'''I think, with my own daughters, rather than preaching a feminine agenda, I just really try to help them understand what it meant to be a woman in the late 20th century and the consciousness of how to be a woman in the 21st century: What is working for you and what is working against you.''' ,'''I've always gone for a kind of perfection.''' ,'''I thought my father was biggest, tallest, smartest, handsomest man in the world, so if he was telling me something, I was taking it really seriously.''' ,'''I think the art world is one of the last bastions of this kind of sexism where there is a mythology about a woman not being able to be both and artist and a mother: that some very important creative crystal inside a woman would be shattered by the idea of having a child.''' ,'''I've always written about other artists, or I write my thoughts down, but I've never written a story.''' ,'''Like all artists, I'm a complete cinephile; I see everything. I see past movies, present movies, indie movies, experimental movies.''' ,'''My career has been a slow burn with many peaks and valleys.''' ,'''I don't like touching things that are the curatorial flavor of the month.''' ,'''It's funny: when you're an artist, your own work goes in and out of fashion with you.''' ,'''I had grown up in a world dominated by women - I had aunts and sisters and great-aunts - and I just felt like I lived in a completely female world.''' ,'''Your ringtone is so personal to you, but the fact is millions of other people have your ringtone. I really love that connection, and call me crazy, but I find the iPhone ringtones super melodic and very danceable.''' ,'''I'm way more influenced by my children than I was by my parents.''' ,'''I always say I'm an artist with the soul of a realtor.''' ,'''When I was in art school, there was a stigma attached to coming from comfortable suburbia. If you were from Great Neck, Long Island, you couldn't be a 'real artist', so I found crafty ways of implying that I was from New York.''' ,'''When I had my first show at Artists Space in 1979, I imagined my life like game show. There were two doors: one door had a big dollar sign on it, and the other just had sort of a blurry picture of a newspaper - the money door or the critical response and acclaim door.''' ,'''From the time I started taking photographs, I started working with plastics. I've always treated plastic like it was marble or gemstone or fine glass. I've always gotten the most out of it. I love it!''' ,'''Who knew that being an artist was a glamour job?''' ,'''I'm innately conservative, and painting is an ideal place to exercise a progressive conservatism. I operate well within limits.''' ,'''I love acting. I can't believe how fun it is and how in-the-zone I am when I'm doing it.''' ,'''My subject has always been women. And I don't want to sound, like, preposterously idealistic, but I would like, in my lifetime, to experience a world where women, all kind of women, can connect and support each other.''' ,'''My father was a dentist. And my mother was a - do we still say 'housewife'? A home engineer.''' ,'''I was always very proud of myself that I could wrest emotion from a doll or a puppet. It never occurred to me that I could find real emotion in a person.''' ,'''We don't have real hours and we don't have a boss, so artists create rules for themselves that they then break. It's transgressive in such a personal way.''' ,'''I never could have predicted that I would have done something that could be called portraiture.''' ,]
+++