+++
author = "Athiya Shetty"
title = "Athiya Shetty Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Athiya Shetty Quotes"
keywords = "athiya shetty,athiya shetty quotes,athiya shetty quote,athiya shetty sayings,athiya shetty saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel I am confident in my own skin and I think that's important for any girl. It reflects in the way you speak, in the way you walk and sit.''' ,'''I was the most tomboy kid ever wearing chappals and pyjama and running around.''' ,'''People think I am confident, natural. I hope I portray that on-screen.''' ,'''I don't want to make a statement when it comes to fashion.''' ,'''I don't like applying too much makeup.''' ,'''I did not find living alone difficult. In fact, it was such a liberating feeling because simple things like ironing my clothes, doing laundry, making my bed made me feel independent and gave me the sense of accomplishment that I can do it myself.''' ,'''I love Indianwear.''' ,'''We are human beings, and it's okay if we have a bad hair day or bad day in general.''' ,'''I was a star kid but I was never treated like one, because I never went on the sets with my dad.''' ,'''There is a pressure to look good always and look your best. But I think it is important to feel normal sometimes. Because people look up to us and they should also know we are normal. So, it is ok to have an off day.''' ,'''I play a simple, fun-loving girl who adds madness to 'Mubarakan.'''' ,'''I think times have changed. Women are becoming more powerful.''' ,'''My date of birth is also memorable because it happens to be the same day I heard my first narration of my debut film.''' ,'''You want to be known for the films you are part of.''' ,'''I think everybody has their own journey.''' ,'''It's ok to make mistakes in fashion because that is what it is all about. One should make mistakes and learn from the same, then it is fun.''' ,'''I do lot of weight training, I eat everything as well. I don't believe in starving or dieting. So that's basically how I got fit.''' ,'''I have always looked up to Ileana for the way she presents herself. She is so full of grace and is a very honest person.''' ,'''I am a sensitive person and am emotional, but will never show it. I am a giver as I feel for people, but I don't give to everybody. But if I connect with the person and genuinely feel for the person, then I will.''' ,'''My father trusts me and my judgement. I will not let him down.''' ,'''There are many outsiders in Bollywood and you'll find people from different parts of the world and cultures coming together.''' ,'''I did a lot of theatre in school and loved performing in front of people.''' ,'''I don't think being seen everywhere is going to get you what you really want at the end.''' ,'''Sometimes, things just fall into your lap. You look back and try to figure out how it all happened and you never know.''' ,'''People want to work with you because you're hardworking.''' ,'''Our family rule is that we don't give each other advice. We pick up on our learnings as our journey unfolds.''' ,'''The media has been sweet to me. It's because of my dad and the goodwill that he shares with them. The media genuinely loves him, and has given me a bit of that love. I'm lucky.''' ,'''I eat everything and don't believe in diets.''' ,'''I am a big fan of Sabyasachi and I would definitely love to walk the ramp for him some day.''' ,'''When I'm at home, I wear track pants and hoodies. That's my go to comfort clothing.''' ,'''I like being stressed.''' ,'''My father is a realistic person when it comes to the industry.''' ,'''I don't make a conscious effort about being a fashionista.''' ,'''People need to be sensitive to all body types. Not everybody is meant to look the same.''' ,'''I have seen my father and his journey and how he got his first film. That was a sense of achievement for him.''' ,'''People think that I am very innocent and elegant, but I am the complete opposite of that.''' ,'''I have a very fit father at home, who is obsessed with working out so I work out with him six times a week.''' ,'''Everyone has their own journey and their ups and downs.''' ,'''After 'Hero,' I was waiting for the right script and when 'Mubarakan' came to me, I knew I would enjoy working on a film like that.''' ,'''Working with seniors like Anil Kapoor makes you learn so much.''' ,'''Fashion is an extension of you personality.''' ,'''People should adopt a sustainable way of life while being more conscious and aware.''' ,'''I am a bathroom singer, that's for sure, and that's where I will remain!''' ,'''It would be naive if I said that I don't fear failure.''' ,'''I try to workout around four to five times a week.''' ,'''You see, I get a lot of love and appreciation from the elders of the film industry as well as from the media fraternity by default because of the goodwill that my father has earned.''' ,'''It is ok for celebrities to not look good always.''' ,'''I want to better myself as an actor, more than anything else.''' ,'''I remember meeting Shah Rukh Khan sir on the sets of 'Main Hoon Naa' and I am a huge fan of him.''' ,'''My dad got into the film industry around the time I was born.''' ,'''We can attach music to every emotion.''' ,'''I love watching movies a lot.''' ,'''I have very few people, who I can call my own and trust them.''' ,'''Everybody makes fun of me because I have no genre! My playlist is filled with different music. I decide the genre according to my mood.''' ,'''I discuss my scripts and things I'm unsure of before I take any decision.''' ,'''Salman sir has always told me three things: Be humble. Hard work is extremely important. That's what takes you forward in life.''' ,'''As an actor, you can never stop learning.''' ,'''People waited for my debut. But at the same time, the biggest disadvantage of a star child is facing criticism of nepotism.''' ,'''There were days when I would feel extremely nervous and insecure, wondering if I was making the right decisions and going about my career correctly.''' ,'''I did not watch many of my father's films because he used to do action movies. So when anyone punched my dad I used to get scared. I have loved him in comedies. I loved him in 'Hera Pheri.'''' ,'''You should sign a movie you want to be part of, which is why I signed 'Mubarakan.'''' ,'''Nobody has it easy.''' ,'''I want to do films that I'll feel proud of; they should teach me something.''' ,'''If you are good and talented, people will want to see you on the big screen.''' ,'''Don't think about fashion too much. It should be something you should have fun with.''' ,'''I am my biggest critic. I am never satisfied with anything.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it's your performance that will speak and your hard work will always win.''' ,'''I didn't have any connection with movies except for the fact that my father was an actor.''' ,'''Acting is and will always be my priority.''' ,'''I have always grown up with my school friends who are not from the industry.''' ,'''I practice gratitude everyday.''' ,'''My father is very hardworking and since I was a child, the one thing that I have noticed about him is his dedication. I have adopted that from him. He is always on time. He always maintains his professionalism.''' ,'''The most important things that children want from you are your time and love.''' ,'''I am very hard on myself.''' ,'''Whatever I wear comes naturally to me.''' ,'''I love music and I think the Indian film industry is known for its music.''' ,'''At the end of the day, only your hard work and talent can get you places, not your surname.''' ,'''It's important for everybody to do their bit for the environment.''' ,'''The world needs to change, people need to introspect and be grateful for what they have.''' ,'''I think people should know that it takes a lot of effort to look the way we do in front of the camera, and it is not hunky-dory always.''' ,'''I don't judge people who are in item numbers.''' ,'''My dad has always been somebody, who is known to have heart of gold. He is too humble and kind. So, that kindness gets me into trouble sometimes because everybody expects me to be as nice as him.''' ,'''I wanted to be an actor since I was three years old; I would dance to Madhuri Dixit's 'Ek do teen' in front of the mirror and recite dialogues from 'Kal Ho Naa Ho,' 'Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... ,' 'Kuch Kuch Hota Hai...'''' ,'''I never knew anything about Bollywood before I signed 'Hero.'''' ,'''I am very simple and minimalistic when it comes to dressing up in my personal life.''' ,'''I've looked up to Anushka Sharma, she has inspired me, specially how she has taken her career so well. She is producing films, started off at a young age, she is making the films she wants to, producing the ones she believes in.''' ,'''I might come across as an extrovert, but the thing is that I am quite shy.''' ,'''There are more films which are being written around women.''' ,'''I am a joker in my family. I don't need to do anything, but the things I say and my actions make everyone laugh without even realizing.''' ,'''I am born and brought up in Mumbai.''' ,'''In India, freedom has to be about equality - mainly between men and women in terms of education and work.''' ,'''As time unfolds, I will be able to understand more about myself and the industry. It is a learning process for me.''' ,'''I won't deny the fact that us star kids have it easy.''' ,'''I don't walk under a ladder, or open an umbrella in a room. I have always been superstitious.''' ,'''With your first film, you can make mistakes, but your second and third movies map out your career.''' ,'''You tell me to dance or act, I will do everything, but I am shy of singing in public.''' ,'''I have never lived in the moment, as I constantly think about the future and dwell on the past.''' ,'''If you think I look nice in a certain style or dress, it is because of my confidence that I carry with.''' ,'''It might sound crazy, but if you have faith and if you believe, you can achieve so much.''' ,'''I put too much pressure on myself.''' ,]
+++