+++
author = "Carlos Vela"
title = "Carlos Vela Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Carlos Vela Quotes"
keywords = "carlos vela,carlos vela quotes,carlos vela quote,carlos vela sayings,carlos vela saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love Mexico.''' ,'''Having a family has helped a lot with my partner, my son. It helped me focus on soccer.''' ,'''When I was in Europe maybe you are tired for all year - playing, training, training, training.''' ,'''I always worked to be the best player.''' ,'''We want to be in playoffs, we want to fight for a title.''' ,'''The best decision I've made was the one to stay in San Sebastian.''' ,'''All of us make mistakes and the majority of us have missed a day's work for whatever reason.''' ,'''Never been crazy enough about soccer to say, 'I'm a Madrid fan until death.'''' ,'''I think that what I don't like is everything that surrounds a footballer. The fame, the people idolizing you, the press, not being able to have a normal life like normal person. I think that is what has held me back a little in football.''' ,'''I'd 1,000 times rather go see an NBA game than a football match.''' ,'''The truth is I've been through a lot and you see that this is a job. It's not like for fans, for whom it is a feeling and a passion.''' ,'''I'm with LeBron team all the way!''' ,'''I've never gone against any manager, nor have I talked badly about any coach, I've always thrown myself at any challenge handed to me and tried to understand and learn.''' ,'''It's part of improving every day, being willing to be receptive of the people who know and see things from the outside that you might not notice in the inside.''' ,'''I think my decision to stay at Real is looking more and more like the right one. I've never regretted coming back. I came because I trusted the team and I thought we could get better.''' ,'''I try to do my best and enjoy every moment at San Sebastian, because I do not know if I will stay here.''' ,'''No one person is going to come in and change the world, or a national team.''' ,'''I wanted to leave so much that when I heard I had a good offer to play and leave England, it was a case of me saying: 'I love it! Yes, let's go!'''' ,'''Playing soccer is what I've done and known all my life, starting at such a young age with my friends.''' ,'''I am not a person who loves to watch games and that doesn't mean I don't like soccer. I take advantage to do other things in my free time.''' ,'''In the end, the important thing is that you decide where you will be happy and where you can do well, to show that as well as being footballers, we are people.''' ,'''I put pressure on myself because I want to be the best player.''' ,'''To represent your country is always very nice.''' ,'''If I go out to eat with my wife or take my son to the park, nobody cares.''' ,'''In MLS, there's always something strange happening. But it's the same for everyone.''' ,'''When I'm working, I want to be the best. But when I'm out, I don't want to watch games. I don't want to talk with everybody about football. I want to talk about life - about anything else.''' ,'''I respect the fans a great deal.''' ,'''You live each rivalry in a different way.''' ,'''To be happy. That's the only reason I made the decision to come to L.A. It's not only about football; it's more about life.''' ,'''All the people love L.A. All my friends are jealous because I am here.''' ,'''I want to surprise all the fans, all the people in MLS.''' ,'''The most important part of my life came in San Sebastian: my new family.''' ,'''At the end of the day, every person makes their own evaluation and their own criticism and it's all respectable. I don't want to say who is right and who isn't.''' ,'''Obviously, the opinion of the player is always important, because if I am not happy in a new destination it will be difficult to perform well.''' ,'''Everything is possible in this life.''' ,'''I think that people in Mexico talk too much.''' ,'''Arsene knows what he wants and knows how to get the best out of you - that is why he gets such an impressive response from his players.''' ,'''If all the people do the same, I don't want to do it. I want to be on the other side.''' ,'''I'm really happy here, playing in L.A. I want to be here.''' ,'''When you're in Europe and you play there, and you hear about MLS, everybody thinks it's easy. It's not true. The level is really good.''' ,'''Obviously, playing in a World Cup is always beautiful, helping your team is always cool, but when you don't think it's time, you have a clear conscience.''' ,'''It is very special for me to be the first Designated Player in LAFC history.''' ,'''I'm at my country's disposition.''' ,'''You can't close the door on anybody.''' ,'''As a person, I think you should assume the responsibilities of your actions.''' ,'''For me it's like really exciting to see all my fans showing this love to me. So it's a responsibility to me to go out there every game and try to be a good player try to show good things because my fans expect that I do something special.''' ,'''I know I can be one of the best in this league, so I'm trying to show that every game.''' ,'''I enjoy playing but the moment the game ends, football ends and you can talk to me about anything except football because I don't feel comfortable.''' ,'''When a player joins El Tri, he doesn't want to do things the wrong way.''' ,'''Of course I always want Mexico to win.''' ,'''You don't know where you'll end up.''' ,'''It's been incredible and I thank Real Sociedad. I've given everything to the club.''' ,'''About Rafa Marquez, I don't think there are enough words to describe what he represents to all Mexican players.''' ,'''I have never played in Mexico. It is something I have always wanted to do and I would not close the door on any offer.''' ,'''I want to be the best leader.''' ,'''It has been a useful experience to play for several different teams and move around.''' ,'''A part of me will stay at La Real and San Sebastian.''' ,'''I love to go on the field, and I want to score 100 goals every game, if I can. But it's also my job, and when I finish my job, I have a life. I have a family.''' ,'''I've always been Carlos Vela - sincere, original and true to myself.''' ,'''Well, I have a good relationship with everybody. So, it's difficult to be a bad relationship with me.''' ,'''If I have to return to London, I will try to make things in a different way in order so that happened in the past won't be repeated again.''' ,'''At Osasuna I had a difficult experience because of the relegation battle but I always had a place in the team. I played well all season.''' ,'''You have big players playing in MLS, every team can win any game. You have to fight.''' ,'''I don't have any problem with people correcting me and telling me how I can be better.''' ,'''A lot of times I made the wrong choices and you learn from this, what is good, what's bad.''' ,'''When I'm happy good things happen.''' ,'''My family has taught me to keep my feet on the ground and be humble.''' ,'''I've had my processes and opportunities with the Mexican national team. I played a lot of international matches for my country and now I think it's time to give the younger players and generation a chance.''' ,'''I want to be the best in the league. So I have to work hard.''' ,'''I am motivated and relish the pressure.''' ,'''Arsenal gave me the opportunity to come to Europe when I was 17. I didn't have as many opportunities as I expected and I had to try new chances.''' ,'''It's always great to know successful people like Canelo, especially those that make our country proud.''' ,'''As of myself, I work with Heineken, who is a huge sponsor that enables us to get inside a kind of market that would be very hard to get into without its help.''' ,'''I am ready to give 100% for Arsenal.''' ,'''We want to do something important in the World Cup, and hopefully I have the chance. If not, well, life goes on, I'll keep working the same way and supporting my teammates.''' ,'''What people don't understand is that no one is perfect.''' ,'''When you are a player, sometimes, you forget you are a person, you are a father, you are a husband.''' ,'''I hope I'm lucky enough to be at Arsenal for a long time.''' ,'''I enjoy playing, but once the match ends the football is finished for me.''' ,'''We want to make our fans happy and I hope we can achieve that.''' ,'''Arsenal's style of play is so smooth and easy and I hope I can adapt to their style quickly.''' ,'''It's not only the things I want, football is a business and you know how it works.''' ,'''I see something that I don't like, I prefer not to participate and say, 'Look, I'll leave you to it, I wish you the best, a lot of luck and I support you, but I don't want to be there.'''' ,'''I've achieved a lot in Spain.''' ,'''I don't like the soccer industry and yes, I do like to play.''' ,'''Who could say no to playing with Messi for four months and then coming back to L.A.?''' ,'''It's definitely more nerve-wracking being in front of the cameras, although I'm trying to get better at it.''' ,'''My family's close.''' ,'''You can have all the fame and all the money, but the important thing is the person. All the rest can help, but it isn't important.''' ,'''Hopefully, I can keep scoring more goals, make more assists, break more records and help my team, which is the most important thing.''' ,'''Sometimes, you have to stop your life or your career and say 'What is the best for my family, for me?'''' ,'''Now I speak English.''' ,'''I really enjoyed being with my teammates and representing Mexico, but I didn't go where I wanted to go.''' ,'''You give it everything you've got, help your team so that the wins come for your country.''' ,'''My life was always one year here, I squeezed out what I could from it, enjoyed it the most possible and changed. That was the way of life I had.''' ,'''I'm open to listening to proposals, options, it doesn't hurt.''' ,'''I've never regretted signing for Real and the results prove me right.''' ,'''I don't know whether I would return to El Tri.''' ,'''At the end of the day, when you're young you think you're invincible.''' ,'''I was playing for 12 years in Europe. It's a long time you know. When you are from Mexico you miss your family, you miss your friends.''' ,]
+++