+++
author = "Kevin Gates"
title = "Kevin Gates Quotes"
quotes_len = "67"
description = "the best 67 Kevin Gates Quotes"
keywords = "kevin gates,kevin gates quotes,kevin gates quote,kevin gates sayings,kevin gates saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I suffer from deep depression, so my only release is music.''' ,'''Life is about conduct and how we conduct ourselves. But two wrongs never make a right.''' ,'''I've just always been a reader.''' ,'''I was always taught not to answer no questions. I'm not really good at answering them because I get agitated so fast.''' ,'''Let me tell you something about Tunechi - about that boy. That boy comes to the studio every day and grind as if he doesn't have a dollar in his pocket.''' ,'''What I see, what I went through, what a friend of mine may have went through, whatever - I rap about it.''' ,'''Glory be and praise to God. I didn't do any of this. God did. I don't have a recipe or a blueprint. I prayed for it, and my prayers are continuing to be answered.''' ,'''It's a curse. I ask God to take this away from me all the time. I do not like being an artist.''' ,'''I don't want no handouts. I want to get it out the mud.''' ,'''I'm never on Twitter. I'm never on Instagram. And that's not by choice: it's just that those things never really interested me. I might post a picture here and there, but that ain't really been my focus.''' ,'''In 7th grade, I believe, I wrote my first rap song. It was about everything I was seeing, everything that was going on around me.''' ,'''I did study religion for a little while. I studied the Torah and the Holy Koran, Helios Biblos, which is considered by most people to be the Holy Bible. I just wanted to know, even with Buddhism and the Dalai Llama.''' ,'''I like Peter Tosh, Bob Marley of course. All of Capleton, Sizzla, Frisco Kid, Buju Banton.''' ,'''I married my best friend that happens to be a girl.''' ,'''True wealth is not of the pocket, but of the heart and of the mind.''' ,'''Rap was more of a release for me, a journal.''' ,'''I used to really love Fiend, but he stopped. He just stopped. Every time he had a project, every project - 'There's One In Every Family,' 'Street Life' - I had to have them. And he just stopped. And that was disappointing, 'cause that was my favorite rapper at one time.''' ,'''I'm super serious about music. That's, like, the only thing I'm serious about.''' ,''''Recreative' is a word that I invented because in urban culture, with colloquialism, we invent so many slangs. I don't like the way that 'recreational' sounds - I don't like to say I do a lot of 'recreational' reading. I like to say that I read 'recreatively.' I do a lot of 'recreative' reading.''' ,'''I'm glad I can't vote.''' ,'''One of my most popular songs, 'Satellites,' I paid $300 for that beat on SoundClick.''' ,'''I always had music growing up, but music was also like a journal. It was like my personal diary or personal journal. A lot of the things I couldn't express to an individual, I would express them in my music.''' ,'''Man, all lives matter.''' ,'''I've had mixtapes that have been better than albums I've heard from other artists. I take my time; I put my heart into it.''' ,'''The only frustrating thing about jail is that I can't make music.''' ,'''I was doing sold-out shows before I got radio play.''' ,'''I don't just listen to rap.''' ,'''If you look at the movie 'Belly,' I identify with Sincere the most. I am a gangster. I love my lady to death. I'm not in the game for the wrong reasons. I'm not in the game for the glory. I'm in the game to survive so the people that I love could be straight. I'm a highly intelligent individual.''' ,'''I used to live with my grandmother. I used to wonder why the other kids in school went home with their mothers and fathers. I wanted to be the guy that got married. I wanted to be the guy with the children and the white picket fence. I never had that.''' ,'''I never go into a situation with any type of expectations.''' ,'''I think California has the best energy.''' ,'''I could care less about the particular. I like to make music.''' ,'''Marriage is the most wonderful thing ever.''' ,'''When you're in prison, you want to know that you were thought about.''' ,'''When you stand for something, you've got to stand for it all the way, not half way.''' ,'''I don't believe in conspiracy theories. I'm just a cold-blooded investigator.''' ,'''I attended college in prison. I was in jail, so there ain't no going to no classes. They have programs in certain facilities where you can earn good time, and then you get time taken off your sentence. But as far as going to classes, it's not like that. You study, and then an administrator gives you a test. I got a Master's in psychology.''' ,'''I don't really like talking. I like to execute. I'm not a talking person. I'm an action person.''' ,'''I'm a bookworm. I know with my physical appearance that I don't look like the typical reader. I'm in Barnes & Noble all the time, and you can look at people that look like they are supposed to be in there. I am in there, pants sagging, hat backwards.''' ,'''I have trust issues with allowing other individuals to know my innermost secrets for fear of how I may be viewed. Everyone has this.''' ,'''I'm a felon. I get pulled over all the time.''' ,'''My skin is 24 karat gold when a sun hit it.''' ,'''Prison was the best thing that ever happened to me.''' ,'''I adapt and I adjust to whatever environment I'm in.''' ,'''I've always been a loner.''' ,'''Biggie Smalls, Jay-Z, Nas, Eminem, Big L, Tupac. That was, like, my top five, generally.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel like being an intellectual. Sometimes I like to just be aggressive and all the way in my feelings. Sometimes I might be emotional, or sometimes I might drag on the track and be lazy. I just like to share the different states of existence of Kevin Gates with the rest of the world.''' ,'''The more I grow in popularity, the lonelier it gets. Because you don't really know me. You just know this part of me. You fell in love with that. But it's way more intricate than what meets the surface.''' ,'''I don't let the left hand know what the right hand is doing.''' ,'''I always wanted a family.''' ,'''I have a cult-like following because I exemplify what it is to be a human being.''' ,'''I put my flaws on front street. So the world accepted my flaws, so I don't have any flaws.''' ,'''I like being with my family. That's my party.''' ,'''I'm not no Internet person.''' ,'''I was born on a full moon. Both my children were born on full moons, too. Some people say that's scary. It is what it is, man, I don't be trippin'. I couldn't tell God when I wanted to be born.''' ,'''I look at other people's lives, and some people feel like they're too old to play with toys. But I still go through the toy section at the store, 'cause there were toys that I wanted when I was little that I couldn't have. So I still get them.''' ,'''I'm not afraid to make mistakes.''' ,'''I really don't pay attention to the outside world when I'm incarcerated, because being in prison is like being in a different world. So I don't pay attention to what's going on outside of jail, because it's all beyond my control.''' ,'''I don't know how the rap game is, because I'm a fan of reality, and the rap game's entertainment.''' ,'''I always knew who I was, and I always ran from my true purpose... I know what my job is. And I always ran from it.''' ,'''Coming up in the streets, I had to learn how to read people early on. I'm a very analytical person. I observe a lot of the things that people don't notice.''' ,'''I don't sleep much. I don't sleep much - I work, I work, I work.''' ,'''I have trouble with letting go. That's my problem.''' ,'''I could give a flying flip about doing promo because, no disrespect, nobody put me in the position that I'm in.''' ,'''I just always wanted to study human behavior because every psychologist that I would talk to would tell me I was bipolar, and I know I'm not bipolar, so I had to perform a psychoanalysis on myself to find out that I have unresolved grief.''' ,'''I'm an introvert somewhat. There could be a room full of people, I'll go stand in the corner.''' ,'''I was born in Earl K. Long Hospital. I was born Feb. 5th, 1986. I have a lot of family members. My grandmother had five girls, and all of them had children. It was always a house full. A lot of cousins. A lot of family members.''' ,]
+++