+++
author = "Columbus Short"
title = "Columbus Short Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Columbus Short Quotes"
keywords = "columbus short,columbus short quotes,columbus short quote,columbus short sayings,columbus short saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Little Walter and Muddy Waters were incredible. And Bo Diddley was doing some great stuff, too.''' ,'''There are as many quality African-American actors and actresses as Caucasians, but it seems that they get a lot more opportunities.''' ,'''Everybody who knows me is like, 'Dude, you've got to chill out.' I can't not work, given where I want to be.''' ,'''Sometimes you get yourselves in situations where you don't realize people are actually testing you. People are actually provoking you.''' ,'''There comes a time when you have to exercise patience.''' ,'''I can say with full sincerity that I am happy. I'm happy because I'm doing what I love and I'm not selling out.''' ,'''I've never put my hands on a woman, physically, ever.''' ,'''I'm afraid of what happens if this career doesn't pan out, because I have so much invested in it that I can't turn back now.''' ,'''I've always been apprehensive about doing comic books, period.''' ,'''Be a creator, not just sitting on the sidelines waiting for someone to call you into the game or call our number.''' ,'''I love working to push the industry forward.''' ,'''I think there's a time when your personal life gets magnified by who we are as celebrities.''' ,'''I never want to have to take certain roles, because I want to maintain a certain level of artistic credibility. But sometimes you're forced to do things for the money.''' ,'''There's a myriad of things that go into why movies don't happen right when you make them. If you make a movie in 2010, sometimes it takes up to a year for post-production, and that puts you into 2011, then you have to figure out what your product is, and that takes some time.''' ,'''If I want to be truthfully honest, I think, dealing with the stress of the situations that I've been going through, medicating with anything, I think, is dangerous because it becomes a crutch.''' ,'''Creating content, creating art, material, being a job creator - it's all very, very important. Very important.''' ,'''I just can't relax. That's my problem.''' ,'''It's like, if you're on a ship, and you're sailing towards your destination, but the ship sinks: that doesn't mean that you have to sink. Just because the ship sinks doesn't mean you have to sink. You just figure it out until a raft comes along, and God will send you a raft. Or He'll send you another boat to get you to your destination.''' ,'''You've got to be honest with yourself aesthetically about who could you play. You want to artistically be true to that character.''' ,'''I want to provide jobs for people.''' ,'''With films, you completely immerse yourself in a character, get into who they are, live it and then release it.''' ,'''Have I ever abused a woman? Never.''' ,'''I think showing heroes as fallible helps us and reminds us that we are ourselves fallible and no man is perfect but we can still achieve great things.''' ,'''The thing about addiction is you think you're getting off on people, and you're not, and the only person you're fooling is yourself.''' ,'''When you do an action movie, you've got to come prepared to do an action movie.''' ,'''I haven't been perfect.''' ,'''I want to play Martin Luther King. That is absolutely a role and a character who is important to the landscape of the world that I really want to play.''' ,]
+++