+++
author = "Lena Waithe"
title = "Lena Waithe Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Lena Waithe Quotes"
keywords = "lena waithe,lena waithe quotes,lena waithe quote,lena waithe sayings,lena waithe saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's a lot of Donald Glovers, Jordan Peeles, Justin Simiens. And there's a lot of me's, too.''' ,'''What's 'Atlanta' about? Technically, it's about a couple guys who are friends, but to me, 'Atlanta' is about black lives. I'm getting a real look at what black life means in Atlanta.''' ,'''For me, it's about making art that's not good but phenomenal. James Baldwin didn't want to just stay above the fray. Prince didn't think, 'I wonder what the industry is gonna think about 'Purple Rain.'' It's just, is this honest? Is this real? Does this move me? The rest is icing.''' ,'''It took me forever to leave Chicago. I went to Columbia College because I wasn't ready to leave! My professors had to kick me in the pants to move to Los Angeles.''' ,'''I just really want be proud of the work I'm doing, whether it's something I've written, produced, or am starring in. I just want to be proud of it.''' ,'''With success always comes mimicry.''' ,'''Somebody could look at me and go, 'She's dressed black,' or 'She's behaving in the stereotypical way of a black lesbian.' But this is how I feel most comfortable. This is my authentic self. I want the freedom to be that regardless of how someone interprets it.''' ,'''I can't stop my comedic voice.''' ,'''There's been a lot of successful shows like 'This Is Us,' 'Atlanta,' and 'Insecure,' so, I feel like whenever something works, Hollywood wants to copy it.''' ,'''You have to write and develop and wait for the world to catch up to your art.''' ,'''When people think of the South Side of Chicago, they don't think about where I'm from. It was sort of a pocket: this idyllic community of black people who took care of each other, knew each other, spent time with each other.''' ,'''As a black woman in the industry, you really do have to hold your head higher, stick your chest out, be kind and polite and generous even when you don't want to be sometimes. I learned that and, also, just to never take no for an answer.''' ,'''I think that for the most part, black people specifically have sort of been used as props in TV shows as a way to move story along or as a way to make things more entertaining.''' ,'''I actually really liked 'The Help.' I know that may not be a popular thing, but I thought it was a solid film. It wasn't 'Roots.' It wasn't 'The Color Purple.' But you couldn't pick it apart in terms of storytelling, and I thought the characters were well written.''' ,'''I love basketball! When I'm flying, and I have on sweats, a hat, and sneakers, people always assume that I'm a high school kid going to an away game. And I always say no, I'm a fan of the game.''' ,'''I always love where I can plug a black woman in anywhere, and when that comes up, I don't say, 'Oh that has to be a black woman.' I say, 'Why not a black woman?'''' ,'''When you're not as accessible, you get in a tent and get in your own head, and you start doing things that are a little out of touch. I think we've seen it happen with certain artists... people can't touch them; they're not touching people. They're only touching people in their circle.''' ,'''I was such a fan of Aziz. I watched 'Parks and Rec' like every other self-respecting hipster and loved his character so much and just thought he was so interesting.''' ,'''I'm writing my story so that others might see fragments of themselves.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Nora Ephron, who believed everything is copy, and I agree.''' ,'''To be a black person is to come from a long bloodline of survivors and storytellers, with a resilience that people can't even comprehend.''' ,'''I had a lot of great bosses - I worked for Gina Prince-Bythewood for two years, I worked for Ava Duvernay as a PA on her first narrative film, and I worked with Mara Brock Akil, so a lot of wonderful role models.''' ,'''There's something specific about Chicagoans, and I just felt like I'd love to tell their story in a creative way. Not in a way to go, 'Oh, Chicago's perfect.' I don't believe that. I don't think that. I know we have our issues.''' ,'''I knew very early on I wanted to be a television writer. My teachers told me I was a strong writer and had a voice. I really leaned in to that.''' ,'''Every black man in Chicago walks through the world differently, and I think what young black boys do is observe, and that's what gives them their road map.''' ,'''I don't like beating people on the head with the message. I don't like standing on the soapbox.''' ,'''I think it's so trite to say you have lead characters. It's like someone saying I'm the lead in my life.''' ,'''I never had everything I wanted, but I never wanted for anything.''' ,'''I don't need an Emmy to tell me to go to work. I've been working.''' ,'''It was a symbolic moment when 'Moonlight' literally took the Oscar out of 'La La Land's' hand.''' ,'''Growing up, I didn't just watch 'The Cosby Show.' I watched 'Growing Pains' and 'Family Ties,' too.''' ,'''Wearing one hoop earring and playing with the androgyny - that's who I am. That's what I like to do. And I feel the world should see that. I'm not going to put a shield up or be more feminine to make people feel comfortable.''' ,'''I got into the business because I love writing. When it came down to finding my voice, which every writer has to take time to do, I think I realized I write black people very well. I write us in a very honest way, and I want to hear the way we really talk.''' ,'''The reason I get so excited about 'Master of None' is because it's showing people of color as regular people.''' ,'''My family still lives in Chicago: my mother, my sister, my nephew, my family is there. So even though I am not living there, I feel very close to it, and I visit very often.''' ,'''I consider myself more of a writer than I do a director.''' ,'''Even white people are tired of watching white people's shows.''' ,'''Being a black lesbian myself, I roll my eyes a little bit when I see black lesbian characters on shows where it's purely there for decoration. You can just hear it in the writers room... 'What if we make her a lesbian?'''' ,'''I'm a black woman, so I'm obviously not going to write something where women aren't at the forefront.''' ,'''Always maintain your composure.''' ,'''My mother was born into a segregated America. How crazy is that?''' ,'''I sort of knew very early on that I wanted to be a writer. Even in high school, I was a big movie buff, very much into TV shows, and would critique them.''' ,'''The truth is, for me, when I was a young black girl who knew I was different, was watching TV, I would always be staring at the TV set looking for myself, and I didn't see me. And when you don't see yourself, you start to think that you don't matter, or you start to think that something is wrong with you.''' ,'''Being on Netflix lets us be experimental. We can do crazy things.''' ,'''Obviously, I love Steph Curry. I think he's dope and a really cool player to watch.''' ,'''I think the stakes are always high when you're an artist of color - to get things right, to get things perfect and make everybody happy.''' ,'''With 'The Chi,' it's me observing my own city and also pulling some things from themes I've dealt with in my life.''' ,'''It's always been my intention to never be boxed in. I never like to do something that it feels like I've done before.''' ,'''The '80s really were - talk about no rules. People just did whatever they wanted; they could look however they wanted. There was just a lot of bigness and brightness.''' ,'''It's interesting how things you hear as a kid take on a whole new meaning when you are an adult.''' ,'''Maybe some young girl seeing me on the Emmy stage may have meant something for them.''' ,''''The Breakfast Club' was one of my favorites.''' ,'''Like 'Sex and the City' - if you're a New Yorker, you knew half the places they were going to. I want 'The Chi' to feel that way as well.''' ,'''I definitely have been very mindful of what kind of leader and creator I want to be. A lot of that has to with looking at the writers that you work with. They're all like your children. They all need love, but different versions of it.''' ,'''I remember going to 'The Wood' and leaving my friend and my mom, who I came with, to go sit in the front row because I was so excited.''' ,'''I never want to feel too far away from people. I think that's when you get in trouble.''' ,'''Being born gay, black, and female is not a revolutionary act. Being proud to be a gay black female is.''' ,'''People always go, 'Damn, how you got all this happening at once?' I tell them it's the Chicago in me.''' ,'''I've never been a person that has had fear of, like, 'Oh, I don't want to be the poster child for all black lesbian women.' I don't know. I want to be someone in the public eye that they can be proud of.''' ,'''The thing for me is to always tell the truth. Not to preach, but to tell the truth.''' ,'''I watched a ton of TV because I was raised by a single mom and spent a lot of time with my grandmother. Like most grandparents do, she would spend hours and hours in front of the TV box.''' ,'''It's weird because I see black gay characters on television all the time, but do I relate to them? Not always, because they're set pieces.''' ,'''Things meant to appeal to the masses usually end up appealing to no one.''' ,'''Talk to any black person in my age group, and they'll say 'A Different World' is why they went to college. The show literally changed my life, and it boggles my mind that it doesn't get the kind of love it deserves.''' ,'''One of my favorites is 'Parks and Recreation.' Great show; awesome writing; beautiful, diverse cast. They also have a very diverse writer's room, which I love.''' ,'''The cool thing about dope black style becoming in style is that the industry has no choice but to try and reduplicate that.''' ,'''If you think you aren't valid for whatever reason, let my existence and the way the world embraces my existence tell you that you are valid. You deserve to look, live, and walk through the world however you see fit. That's why I find it extremely important to be so out, so black, and so myself.''' ,'''I'm not asking for there to be all black writer's rooms or all Asian writer's rooms, or all white - I want them all to be diverse. When it's diverse, you're going to have a completely different dynamic. Everybody feels othered. Nobody feels like they've got the upper hand.''' ,'''I wrote 'Twenties' back in 2009. I always wanted to tell a story where a queer black woman was the protagonist, and I'm so grateful to TBS for giving me a platform to tell this story.''' ,'''Queer black characters have been the sidekick for long enough. It's time for us to finally take the lead.''' ,'''I loved 'The Wizard Of Oz.' It was, like, you know how some kids, they're crying, and they put on - people put on 'Frozen' to get them to chill and just be quiet? For my family, it was 'The Wizard Of Oz.' They would literally tell babysitters, if she gets - like, if she starts misbehaving or she starts acting crazy, just put 'The Wizard Of Oz' on.''' ,'''I've been obsessed with television since I was 7 years old, and I've always been writing on some level.''' ,'''I'm queen of mentorship.''' ,'''There's so many other talented women of color who write funny things every day, and I want them to be recognized, I want them to have a seat at the table because we're out here.''' ,'''All the writers for 'The Chi,' they're all phenomenal, so I'm just working on projects with them. They have great scripts.''' ,'''I hope that people will say that 'she told the truth, she told her truth, she wasn't afraid to live her truth, and she wasn't afraid to live her truth out loud.' That's what I want my legacy to look like.''' ,'''My aesthetic is very black.''' ,'''To be yourself is truly a revolutionary act, and I think more and more people should try it, because it's gotten me a pretty cool life.''' ,'''I think once 'Empire' hit, there was a lot of bad black TV that followed, because we work in the business of hit-seekers and copycats, so they're like, 'Oh this is a show about black people; this is about music, OK let's do a version of that.' And, of course, it doesn't work because it's not organic.''' ,'''I've known I was gay since I was young, I think. And I mean young - like, young - like 5 or 6. I think most gay people or queer people know there's something different about them very early, but I didn't know what to call it.''' ,'''I think, to me, I always want to tell the truth. I never want to sugarcoat things. I've never been accused of pulling punches.''' ,'''I feel like I've accomplished a lot, but for me, it's about pushing to the point where I can be Mark Walhberg, Ryan Murphy, or Shonda Rhimes. I want to be at that table in terms of bringing new voices in.''' ,'''I actually don't like saying 'lead character,' which is an interesting thing. If you say there's a lead, then there has to be someone to follow.''' ,'''I love a web series. But to me, it does the girl in Detroit a disservice who just watches television. It does a disservice to the girl on the south side of Chicago who doesn't go online.''' ,'''I write for my people.''' ,'''I'm proud to carry that torch and be like, 'I'm gay! I'm black! Hang your dreams on me. Hang your hopes on me. I'll carry them to the best of my ability.'''' ,'''I'm a big sneaker head.''' ,'''I'm a big believer in writing really good dialogue.''' ,'''For me, my brand is good storytelling.''' ,'''I'm very grateful that I'm the kind of actor where I'm not some character actor. I can't disappear into a world.''' ,'''I love Sarah Jessica Parker. What's not to like?''' ,'''I am always searching for something different or something fresh, something hasn't been done. But the truth is, at the end of the day, we're all sort of retelling something. We're doing a version of something that's already been done.''' ,'''I feel like I wanna have a series of moments. It's scary when they say you're having a moment, because moments are momentary.''' ,'''I never thought I would write about Chicago, and I definitely never thought I would write a drama.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of television, and the reason I'm a part of the world is because I'm a fan of it.''' ,'''Being a black person in America is exhausting.''' ,'''The things that make us different, those are our superpowers.''' ,'''People can say what they want about a person, but if you're successful and you make them money, then people don't care.''' ,'''I don't want to be white. I don't want to be straight. I don't want to blend in.''' ,'''I was running around all the time, talking out of turn, a lot of energy, and obsessed with movies. There's nothing I loved more than going to the movies.''' ,]
+++