+++
author = "Bobby Fischer"
title = "Bobby Fischer Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Bobby Fischer Quotes"
keywords = "bobby fischer,bobby fischer quotes,bobby fischer quote,bobby fischer sayings,bobby fischer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Chess and me, it's hard to take them apart. It's like my alter ego.''' ,'''I was never invited to the White House. They invited that Olympic Russian gymnast - that little Communist, Olga Korbut.''' ,'''Ultimately the white man should leave the United States and the black people should go back to Africa.''' ,'''I want to see the U.S. wiped out. Death to the U.S.''' ,'''I don't listen to weakies.''' ,'''I hate ready-made suits, button-down collars, and sports shirts.''' ,'''I hope the Icelandic government grants me political asylum.''' ,'''I like the moment when I break a man's ego.''' ,'''Now my only income is a few royalty cheques from my books.''' ,'''Nothing is so healing as the human touch.''' ,'''When I won the world championship, in 1972, the United States had an image of, you know, a football country, a baseball country, but nobody thought of it as an intellectual country.''' ,'''All that matters on the chessboard is good moves.''' ,'''I don't want to look like a bum.''' ,'''Nobody has single-handedly done more for the U.S. than me.''' ,'''I don't believe in psychology.''' ,'''I don't believe in hero worship.''' ,'''The U.S. and Israel have been slaughtering the Palestinians, just slaughtering them, for years. Robbing them and slaughtering them.''' ,'''The white people should go back to Europe, and the country should be returned to the American Indians. This is the future I would like to see for the so-called United States.''' ,'''I don't remember one thing I learned in school.''' ,'''America is totally under control of the Jews, you know. I mean, look what they're doing in Yugoslavia.''' ,'''I consider myself to be a genius who happens to play chess.''' ,'''All I want to do, ever, is play chess.''' ,'''I am boring. I am boring!''' ,'''I was never invited to the White House.''' ,'''I felt that chess... is a science in the form of a game... I consider myself a scientist. I wanted to be treated like a scientist.''' ,'''Chess is life.''' ,'''There isn't a woman player in the world I can't give knights-odds to and still beat.''' ,]
+++