+++
author = "Marie Corelli"
title = "Marie Corelli Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Marie Corelli Quotes"
keywords = "marie corelli,marie corelli quotes,marie corelli quote,marie corelli sayings,marie corelli saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I entirely agree with you about the obscurity of Mrs Browning's line about the stars. It is far-fetched. She wanted to express something which she found beyond expression.''' ,'''Fancy your having no sunshine in London yesterday! Here it was glorious, like full summer, and I sat up with the window wide open, listening to the discourse of two amorous thrushes.''' ,'''You should always be well and bright, for so you do your best work; and you have so much beautiful work to do. The world needs it, and you must give it!''' ,'''I never married because there was no need. I have three pets at home which answer the same purpose as a husband. I have a dog which growls every morning, a parrot which swears all afternoon, and a cat that comes home late at night.''' ,'''Such lovely warmth of thought and delicacy of colour are beyond all praise, and equally beyond all thanks!''' ,'''I must not say what I truly think, or you will tell me I flatter you-but I can only speak what I feel-and very often I cannot even do that when the feeling is very deep.''' ,'''The Browning love story? It is an ideal, all too rare, and yet I hardly think it strange. It would have been far stranger had the fates allowed those two brilliant passionate souls to beat themselves out in silence.''' ,]
+++