+++
author = "Bert Kreischer"
title = "Bert Kreischer Quotes"
quotes_len = "62"
description = "the best 62 Bert Kreischer Quotes"
keywords = "bert kreischer,bert kreischer quotes,bert kreischer quote,bert kreischer sayings,bert kreischer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Men scream, that's why they gave us voices.''' ,'''I love touring. I love stand up. I love getting on a tour bus with my friends.''' ,'''I love partying and I love laughing.''' ,'''When people think of New York, they don't automatically think of going to Chelsea Piers and Pier 40, where you're going to find a soccer field, a baseball field, the trapeze and bowling alleys.''' ,'''I run into guys all the time that say, 'Me and my three buddies started fat shaming each other and we collectively lost 130 pounds.'''' ,'''There are days where I'm like, 'Oh, my God, I'm so happy I'm living the life I'm living.'''' ,'''I generate a lot of good vibrations, good energy.''' ,'''Busch Gardens was my theme park; it was where I went on my day off from school.''' ,'''I think I've got the coolest friends in the entire world, I really do.''' ,'''I have always liked being the life of the party.''' ,'''Part of my personality is I like to have a good time and I'm an extrovert, and extroverts, they blossom as meathead frat boys and extroverts get labeled as meathead frat boys. For me, it's just part of my personality.''' ,'''I read some older books when I worked at Barnes And Noble, like some of the American classics. I read a lot of Hemingway. I fell in love with Hemingway's prose and with the way he wrote. I feel like he's talking to me, like we're in a bar and he's not trying to jazz it up and sound smart, he's just being him.''' ,'''My first stand-up experience was in Tallahassee at a club called Potbelly's.''' ,'''No matter how successful I may get, I'll always be a failed musician, sitting at a concert double-fisting overpriced twenty-ounce beers, wishing it was me on stage brooding soulfully to my fans. I had my shot once, but I let it slip through my fingers.''' ,'''I'm a comedian. I want you to laugh. That's my main goal. I punch things up to get things tighter, quicker and get you to the joke faster.''' ,'''When I was on 'Hurt Bert' on FX - and I'm not crapping on FX, I'm just being honest - there was a point when I realized that they didn't care if I died. If I died, they'd say 'Of course it's a legal thing, but think of the numbers.'''' ,'''I don't have that kind of brain where I can spell-check.''' ,'''I'm the guy who needs to be front and center. I joined a fraternity to do that.''' ,'''I know the one thing that will reset my button is getting up and running a fast mile.''' ,'''Doing a reality show is like being in a fraternity.''' ,'''There is nothing that I'm more compelled to do than get up in front of a crowd and make people laugh.''' ,'''My second freshman year of college, that's year two of seven, my father got very sick and though he was going to die. He gave me a Rolex, a bottom of the line one. I wore that watch everyday. He didn't die. On my 40th birthday, he gave me a very nice Rolex that belonged to him. That's the one thing we connect on: the watch.''' ,'''I need someone to be like, 'I can beat Bert in a marathon.' And then my Mickey Mantle genes will kick in and I'll start going, 'No you can't. You can't beat me, because I'll beat myself.'''' ,'''I grew up Catholic and still feel a lot of Catholic guilt. But my wife is not religious so we're not raising our daughters religiously.''' ,'''I'd love to write a book called 'How to Raise a Virgin.' Seriously, I think a book about that would sell.''' ,'''I like comics like Janeane Garofalo who is very stream of conscious in an honest way.''' ,'''People take getting offended in L.A. to an art form.''' ,'''I like parties. I like talking and conversations.''' ,'''There's nothing like making a crowd laugh. For me that's the ultimate high.''' ,'''My biggest regret is by far doing the Travel Channel show, 'Bert the Adventurer.' I spent seven years away from my family. I don't regret the job or working for the channel; I regret being away from home.''' ,'''I can talk fantasy football forever!''' ,'''I've always clowned around.''' ,'''You don't go to a school and major in partying.''' ,'''Here's the weird thing about me. I was never one to tell you stories about me. I was always the guy who others told stories about. I was like that up until I was 35 years old. And then I started telling stories about me onstage.''' ,'''The Travel Channel named me the professional fun seeker, and that's exactly what I am.''' ,'''I'm a big believer in saying things out loud, I think he that helps you focus your goals.''' ,'''I really respect those guys that get $250,000 for punching up scripts, because it's an art form.''' ,'''I love going on other people's podcasts - in my opinion not enough people ask me to be guests!''' ,'''I love giggling more than anything in the world. It's my favorite thing in the world to do.''' ,'''Some of the most fun I've ever had has been filming 'Bert the Conqueror.' As a stand-up comedian, I love putting this humorous spin on travel, and I get the added bonus of using all these wild adventures in my act.''' ,'''I like making people laugh.''' ,'''I am not a big fan of very prepared standup. I like when Dave Attell writes and I appreciate it but I much more enjoy with he does crowd work. I'm not that kind of comic that prepares a specific set. If I see a comic do the same prepared set night after night I am so bored.''' ,'''My father grew up in Levittown, L.I., in the first tract housing built for G.I.'s. His dad had stormed the beaches of Omaha and died when my father was very young. My dad had to raise himself, pretty much.''' ,'''Skydiving is fascinating, the best part is cruising in the air and realizing that the dice has been thrown and you're either going to die or not. It's a very helpless feeling but it's so freeing.''' ,'''I get this weird energy that starts in my feet and goes up and fills my head, and I just want to get everyone in the crowd to laugh.''' ,'''My personality has gotten me some really good job interviews in New York.''' ,'''I've learned to control my anxiety.''' ,'''The first and last song I ever wrote was a ballad I was quite proud of, and one I would play for anyone, anywhere.''' ,'''I was in an ESPN interview and was asked, 'Who would I most want to ride a roller coaster with?' and I said Warren Sapp because every time he giggles, you can hear there's a little girl inside of him. I called him a little girl, and he found me on Twitter and was like, 'Are you the Bert who called me a little girl?' I was like, 'Oh, great!'''' ,'''My favorite thing to do is just hang out at home and watch a movie with my wife and my two daughters. There's nothing outrageous about that but it's the best thing I can do.''' ,'''I did nine years with Travel Channel and had all of these incredible experiences.''' ,'''I'm just kind of a regular guy.''' ,'''Don't hole up in your apartment and just write jokes, be a real human being and develop your own voice. Then you will be undeniable.''' ,'''It's not hard to find the energy to do the things you absolutely want to do.''' ,'''My whole life I've wanted to be famous.''' ,'''If there's an adrenaline rush, I will find it; if there's an anxiety attack, I will have it.''' ,'''I adopted a motto: Never say no. Jim Morrison never said no, Kurt Cobain never said no. You couldn't have great things to write about if all you did was sit in your living room with your roommates talking about the phone bill.''' ,'''I'm not technically brand-friendly to feminists.''' ,'''I'm such a lazy traveler. When I go to a city now, I hang out around the venue. I'm boring.''' ,'''I'd love to be a movie star. That'd be great. But I lost the looks awhile ago. They slipped right through my hands like sand in an hourglass.''' ,'''I was in New York City and my sister and cousin came out to see me, and I brought a guitar on stage. But all the audience wanted was for me to play so they weren't listing to anything I was saying, I bombed hard. On the cab ride home, my sister pulled a sticker off the cab and put it on my guitar which I still have today in my man cave.''' ,'''I say off-the-wall things to get a response.''' ,]
+++