+++
author = "Billy Corgan"
title = "Billy Corgan Quotes"
quotes_len = "151"
description = "the best 151 Billy Corgan Quotes"
keywords = "billy corgan,billy corgan quotes,billy corgan quote,billy corgan sayings,billy corgan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''People think I take some sort of masochistic pleasure out of putting out music that's gonna be unpopular.''' ,'''I don't think people are fans of me because I wrote hit songs. I think they're fans because I'm a lunatic or a weirdo. The hit songs came out of my idiosyncratic personality, not the other way around.''' ,'''Ultimately, running a band is about the relationships you have with people.''' ,'''What most people do is try to find a comfortable persona that they're in alignment with and the public likes and appreciates them for.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong with technology. It's when technology is the story and not the artist, that's the problem.''' ,'''We've turned into a whining society.''' ,'''People try to make a big deal, like I don't want to play my old songs. That's not it. I don't want to play my old songs if that's my only option. That's a different thing.''' ,'''You know Americans are obsessed with life and death and rebirth, that's the American Cycle. You know, awakening, tragic, horrible death and then Phoenix rising from the ashes. That's the American story, again and again.''' ,'''Indie world won't have me, and mainstream world treats me like an alien, but here I am still floating between these two worlds.''' ,'''One thing I've learned to appreciate as I've gotten a little older is direct forms of communication.''' ,'''I believe that if the Tribune company ever tries to close down Wrigley Field that you will have a protest from every corner of the globe.''' ,'''James, that's a bad situation. I'm not saying it's not repairable, but it's pretty far. When you go from being in one of the best bands in the world to some cover band... as far as I'm concerned, he was playing down at the pub.''' ,'''I've seen foreigners really shift on their view of America, and that's hard for me to take.''' ,'''I think God is the most unexplored territory in rock and roll music.''' ,'''I don't want to be 25 again.''' ,'''I'd reached a point where there was a direct conflict between what I was trying to be and who I really was.''' ,'''I'm a bit weird.''' ,'''The ideology of the Smashing Pumpkins was ultimately more valuable than the music of the Smashing Pumpkins. That's what critics can't put their finger on.''' ,'''Calm, open debate, and logical thought drive strength to its maximum effectiveness.''' ,'''I realize I'm a mirror.''' ,'''To me, it's the folly of man to make God human.''' ,'''I have a saying, which is, 'Crazy is good for business.' I think rock and roll really is about being a bit crazy.''' ,'''Saturn Return is just the return of your planets to their original position.''' ,'''Well, I'm known as a guitar-rock guy, you know? You're not supposed to play with synthesizers. This is not in the rulebook.''' ,'''In our lives in a lot of ways it's all about fake. You've got people wanting things for fake reasons.''' ,'''I didn't find Jesus. He's been there the whole time.''' ,'''My step-mom would tell me that she would get complaints from adults that I stared too much at them.''' ,'''Most people are living lives of sort of survival. And constantly posing an existential crisis, either through fantasy or oblivion, really has been pretty much explored in rock and roll. At least in the western version of rock n' roll.''' ,'''I tend to be reactionary.''' ,'''I do not trust those who make the vaccines, or the apparatus behind it all to push it on us through fear.''' ,'''I'm a green-tea guy.''' ,'''The desire to hit a big home run is dominating the music business.''' ,'''I like my home and I like the nature.''' ,'''The deeper I get into my life as a musician, I'm discovering that it becomes less and less about other people, and more about what I want to do. And that's a good place to be.''' ,'''The great thing about rock n' roll is, if you want to fight - like, fight the system, fight the man, fight the government, fight the people in front of you - it's Don Quixote all over again. You're really chasing windmills.''' ,'''I was fantasising about my own death, I started thinking what my funeral would be like and what music would be played, I was at that level of insanity.''' ,'''I didn't grow up with my mother, and so losing her for real was like, some sort of latent childhood, some sort of unresolved issue. When she left for real, it was sort of like, I was done.''' ,'''Like any good tree that one would hope to grow, we must set our roots deep into the ground so that what is real will prosper in the Light of Love.''' ,'''I look at other members of my generation who have basically done one thing, and one thing well, and have been handsomely rewarded for it.''' ,'''Most great records really start with the drums.''' ,'''I did 13-something years of talking to wrestlers and promoters about why they did certain things and why they booked matches a certain way and what they were thinking and whether they were satisfied with the draw. And I got a lot of insight in the business.''' ,'''A good artist is willing to die many times over. What's funny is, I've died so many times.''' ,'''To be able to put your arms around 24 years of music, it's really fun.''' ,'''Most people don't know that wrestling came out of the circus.''' ,'''I was trying to be this person who is cool, eternally rocking.''' ,'''Rock in the mainstream culture has lost a lot of its mojo.''' ,'''As a citizen of the great city of Chicago, I find it impossible to root against the White Sox. The White Sox organization has been much more consistent, in my lifetime at least, at putting a winning ballclub on the field.''' ,'''Personally, I think Jesus would like better bands.''' ,'''You've got to be ready to be in a great relationship.''' ,'''I'm very disappointed in my country right now, because I think we've kind of lost our moral compass.''' ,'''We were in Japan once where they had 30 kinds of green tea. I thought there was one.''' ,'''There is something mighty suspicious about declaring an emergency for something that has yet to show itself to be a grand pandemic.''' ,'''There are people out there who are older who are cool. I want that.''' ,'''I'm attacking the pomposity that says this is more valuable than that. I'm sick of that.''' ,'''I mean there's certainly a lot of progressive rock and metal that exists at the underground level, which has its own vitality, as it should. But it seems to have lost its ability to really charge up the hill.''' ,'''My version, of course, is not this flag-waving, let's all get on the Jesus train and ride out of hell. I'm not that kind of guy. It's an embrace that life is good, worth living and yeah, it's not easy, but there are more pluses than minuses.''' ,'''You have to keep adapting to the times. If you kind of go with it, it can kind of fun.''' ,'''I often have deer on my property and there's a fox and owls. You're not going to see that in the city.''' ,'''I'll come in with a string of riffs and direct the musical ideas. But you still need a band and their input to make the ideas come alive. You can't underestimate band chemistry.''' ,'''I think when I listen to old records, it puts me back in the atmosphere of what it felt like to make the record and who was there and what the room looked like. It's more a sensory memory.''' ,'''Your basic person wants to talk about material culture, internet culture. I think about God, cats, nature.''' ,'''I don't have any sentimental notion about how people are going to remember me.''' ,'''The things I'm guided to do are really strange to me.''' ,'''It's a simple formula for me now, I don't play any song I don't want to play.''' ,'''We need to get back to a level of social responsibility that we haven't seen for a long time.''' ,'''Wrestling is one of the last truly rebellious American things left.''' ,'''I was part of a generation that changed the world, and it was taken over by posers.''' ,'''Jesus teaches us to forgive and I've got to trust him on that one.''' ,'''Rock & roll is not about what you play, it's about how you play it.''' ,'''In my particular instance, I came from a family that didn't have anything. Everything I earned in life I made. Myself. With songs that I wrote.''' ,'''The funny thing about me that most people never really understand is that, at heart, I'm really a jock.''' ,'''Where is this great love for rock and roll that existed for 50 or 60 years?''' ,'''I'm from a lower middle class background; all my family were immigrants.''' ,'''Do I belong in the conversation about the best artists in the world? My answer is yes, I do.''' ,'''I grew up in the suburbs and basically associate the suburbs with cultural death.''' ,'''My pat line about the Cubs and payroll is that the amount of merchandise the Cubs would sell off a world series championship would more than cover for a big payroll.''' ,'''I want people to see me happy.''' ,'''I think a spiritual journey is not so much a journey of discovery. It's a journey of recovery. It's a journey of uncovering your own inner nature. It's already there.''' ,'''I don't wanna play this kind of cartoon character anymore.''' ,'''I think rock & roll has prepared me for a lot of flexibility.''' ,'''If I worried about appearances, I wouldn't be at Cubs games.''' ,'''I don't have to play by these rules or do these things... I can actually have my own kind of version.''' ,'''Music is your guide.''' ,'''You have to be willing to deal with the ups and downs of the music, the ups and downs of the audience.''' ,'''I don't want to be a dead hero.''' ,'''I don't have a problem with 'Idol' or 'X Factor,' I have a problem with when those things are not given the proper contextual hue.''' ,'''My mother and I parting company at four years old is a recurring theme; although it's not symbolically necessarily present, it's present in all my relationships.''' ,'''If you don't fit into this kind of like gossipy, trendy, Web-hit thingy, you're relegated to sort of second-class celebrity status.''' ,'''You will never see the four original Pumpkins on stage ever again, unless it's a Hall of Fame thing. But you would never see a tour. There's so much damage, there's no way.''' ,'''Most of my arguments with musicians through the years have had more to do with their attitude about music, or their attitude about their own lives, or their personal responsibility. Music has never really been the big centerpiece of the fight.''' ,'''Compliments and criticism are all ultimately based on some form of projection.''' ,'''You're in a band 24 hours a day.''' ,'''When I've tried to reinvent the wheel, I get bashed for not doing the familiar things.''' ,'''I think long and hard about what it is I'm actually trying to do, and then I kind of have to narrow my focus into that. If I don't, I'm too all over the place.''' ,'''In the beginning, though, I have to admit that I did have a chip on my shoulder. I did want to prove everyone wrong. But after I went through the process and came out the other side, it wasn't about anyone else.''' ,'''For someone who's had the level of success I've had, there's been very little critical review of my work, which is pretty fascinating.''' ,'''I think the days of working with producers in the conventional sense are over for me.''' ,'''I had such a big mouth for so long that it doesn't faze anybody anymore.''' ,'''I mean, I'm certainly not a 'teaophyte,' or whatever the word would be.''' ,'''It's important for people to talk and get beyond the wall of Facebook and social media.''' ,'''More than any audience in the world, Americans will cross their arms, stare at you and say, 'OK, whaddya got?' - no matter how many times you've proven it to them.''' ,'''All I can go on is my own value system.''' ,'''If I have resistance to something, it means there's something wrong. The resistance to me is a sign of fear.''' ,'''I was raised a Christian, but I wouldn't call myself a Christian now. I think when I was younger it was easier to focus on the negative, nihilist vision... this is sort of picking up on the other half of the body, which is God and white light.''' ,'''My father was a guitar player, and I was raised with a super high standard of what good guitar playing was.''' ,'''These days you're not just competing with the tedium, you're competing with the cellphone.''' ,'''In a weird kind of way, music has afforded me an idealism and perfectionism that I could never attain as me.''' ,'''I'm viewed as this weird, crippled character. But you got to take your lumps.''' ,'''I'm a really honest person.''' ,'''I went to see a shaman. He put his hands on me, and I cried like a baby for an hour.''' ,'''I had concussions as a kid playing football and basketball, and know what it feels like and to have someone say 'Just rub some dirt on it, and get back in there.'''' ,'''I lay a lot of blame at the feet of Dusty Baker for not being more strict about fundamentals, which I think would give the team a stronger day-to-day identity.''' ,'''Well, all rock and roll is based in artifice.''' ,'''Somewhere between the intellectual idea of why we're attracted to certain things and the pragmatic reality is some form of ever-evolving truth.''' ,'''I walked away from going to church when I was 8. I didn't set foot in another church until I was 28.''' ,'''I was brought up Roman Catholic. I'm not even baptized.''' ,'''I'm prepared to spend the rest of my life playing clubs, if that means I'm playing music that I believe in.''' ,'''Soon you won't even have the choice to live or die as you wish!''' ,'''Rock and Roll is still asking people like me to live up to the old guard's concept of what success is but it doesn't mean anything.''' ,'''Even if you don't believe in God, exploring fully the idea of a god or gods should pose no threat to you.''' ,'''Sometimes people just like being around each other, and good things come out of that.''' ,'''I've always been spiritual but I've never had a proper context, and it took me awhile to find the proper context. It's hard to realize you can have any kind of relationship with God you want... and so I now have a punk rock relationship with God.''' ,'''I started thinking that if post modernism is about people opening up all their skeletons, I'm going the other way. I don't want anyone knowing anything about me anymore.''' ,'''Radiohead and Our Lady Peace are doing the seven layers of guitar, and I kind of jumped on that before anyone else did.''' ,'''I'm just an artist. I can only do so much. I can only say so much.''' ,'''You just reach a point sometimes with somebody where it just doesn't work.''' ,'''I always thought Kurt Cobain was the perfect embodiment of the great alternative guitar player.''' ,'''I'm definitely responsible for coming in with some basic chord changes, or ideas. Everybody in the band looks to me to come up with the basic seed, so it's not very productive to come in with nothing.''' ,'''I don't think people buy records because of anything that happens on Facebook. They buy records cause they're friends say 'I bought this record and I love it.'''' ,'''I've never had coffee. I've always hated the smell. It was always tea. I was a pretty typical kid, though. I grew up drinking Lipton. I didn't know there was other tea to drink.''' ,'''I do not think wrestling is going to save the world.''' ,'''I just don't want to live in the past. I'm really disappointed by so many people of my generation who - in order to promote their new work, they have to constantly lean on their past. I don't want to be that type of artist... I see a lot of people out here doing really marginal music.''' ,'''I never wanted to leave the Smashing Pumpkins. That was never the plan.''' ,'''It just doesn't work without the others.''' ,'''I think I'm an artistic radical, and I think I'll be recognized as one. I'm a really good musician and a songwriter, but I think my real legacy will be as a radical.''' ,'''Hey, Christian rock, if you want to be good, stop copying U2. U2 already did it. You know what I mean? There's a lot of U2-esque Christian rock.''' ,'''I mean my point as an artist is I'm on my own little weird journey across the sky here and whether or not anybody's listening, or listening to the degree I would like them to, at the end of the day has to be an inconsequential thing because I can't chase this culture.''' ,'''I grew up in a house of no love or emotion - it kind of sticks with you.''' ,'''When you actually like each other, it translates to the music.''' ,'''I'm not interested in pop art.''' ,'''To re-embrace what I once loved about music has been a warming process for me, because it's a good, earned feeling now.''' ,'''There's a lot of days where you feel forgotten.''' ,'''Injuries are nothing to be ashamed about.''' ,'''In my case I don't mind playing a character that irritates people or makes people question my sanity.''' ,'''You could have a zillion Facebook followers. Those people don't buy records. It's about a hundred to one...Record companies, they don't have any money, so they see social media as the free marketing... So... 'Billy, light yourself on fire and stand upside down, and that'll market the record.'''' ,'''There's a difference between being a poseur and being someone who's so emotionally challenged they're kind of just doing their best to show you what they've got.''' ,'''I work differently than most people.''' ,'''I'm sort of like a lame, single guy in a red sports car.''' ,'''I still believe in my country.''' ,'''I feel like I'm always fighting not to repeat myself.''' ,'''I've been too productive for too long, and despite what anybody wants to strip away from me, I am influential. I am.''' ,]
+++