+++
author = "Beau Bridges"
title = "Beau Bridges Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Beau Bridges Quotes"
keywords = "beau bridges,beau bridges quotes,beau bridges quote,beau bridges sayings,beau bridges saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Part of the western movement is this desire that we, Americans, have to keep pressing on.''' ,'''And when I've been away from my family and friends, I have felt good hearing some of those old songs.''' ,'''We all feel really blessed to have been with my dad for these 85 years.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm very impressed with Lifetime, this is the first time I've worked with them. I really like the kind of programming that they're into, so I'm hoping that I will.''' ,'''I've always been interested in the history of the West, our country and particularly as it relates to the Native Americans - the original Americans.''' ,'''I like to try to make the characters I play be as human as possible.''' ,'''Second, this epic tale allows the audience to actually listen to the Native Americans and receive their wisdom. Spielberg conveys the respect for Native Americans that is normally lacking in Western films.''' ,'''My favorite Oscar story was a year my brother had been nominated, my whole family went.''' ,'''Dylan, myself and my father were in a two hour movie called The Sand Kings, which started off the Outer Limits series. It was sort of the two hour pilot movie.''' ,'''And I like music, too, I like playing music.''' ,'''I also like to garden. I grow things, vegetables, flowers... I particularly like orchids. I raise orchids.''' ,'''The one we keep pitching and there are no takers is The Fabulous Baker Boys Go To Hawaii. There don't seem to be any takers on that one!''' ,'''Some of my oldest friends are actors. But that's not the only place my friends come from.''' ,'''Yes, I took up the guitar when I was about 14 or 15, in high school.''' ,'''Steve and I saw eye to eye on the story and I got the part, but I think in the beginning it was due to my brother's instigation. So I owe him for that.''' ,'''I think, I would guess most people keep secrets.''' ,'''And then I got into sports and gave my guitar to my brother Jeff who was just a little kid at that time.''' ,'''Sure, I have a lot of friends that are actors. Just because I guess I run into a lot of actors in my work.''' ,'''I got five kids, and my oldest is a documentary film maker and camera man, and still photographer.''' ,'''My mom is many times responsible for getting us all together, but we trade off at each other's houses. My brother and I are actors and are traveling a lot of our job.''' ,'''The things I enjoy most as I watch the movie are the things that came through without even thinking.''' ,'''My brother and I are always trying to figure out a way to work again together.''' ,'''My favorite roles usually have to do with the story, if it's a good story I usually enjoy doing the character.''' ,'''First of all my real full name is Lloyd Vernet Bridges III.''' ,'''As an actor, I travel around a lot and live in a lot of hotels, and many times I've been in a town where the only entertainment to be had is what you find in the hotel bar or lobby.''' ,'''My father was my teacher. But most importantly he was a great dad.''' ,'''But on the other hand I believe I'm a private person too, and I enjoy that aspect of my life as well.''' ,]
+++