+++
author = "Gautam Rode"
title = "Gautam Rode Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 Gautam Rode Quotes"
keywords = "gautam rode,gautam rode quotes,gautam rode quote,gautam rode sayings,gautam rode saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Physically, I was always into working out and keeping myself fit because more than looking good I want to be healthy.''' ,'''Everyone who comes to the entertainment industry wants to be a film actor. Who wants to be a television actor by choice? I want to change the perception of Indian television as being the poor man's medium.''' ,'''Both 'Saraswatichandra' and 'Mahakumbh' are extremely close to my heart. The shows are polar opposites and so are the characters but I have loved being a part of both of them.''' ,'''Fan experiences are special. They make me feel that I must have done something good enough to receive so much love from so many people.''' ,'''I don't like the idea of a reality show. It makes me like a student in school who is competing in a competition.''' ,'''I feel there are very few people who can control their anger.''' ,'''Love makes you do things you can never imagine.''' ,'''I believe that music videos give us an opportunity as actors to play a different character.''' ,'''I bought my home in Mumbai in 2008 and things started changing for me after 2011 when I brought my first Ganpati. Career-wise, it took an upward graph for me and I totally believe in it.''' ,'''When I am travelling or shooting outdoors, and if there is no gym around, I do pull-ups. If there is a bar somewhere, I manage push-ups, squats, and generally I just sweat it out in the room or my vanity van. But I make sure my workout regime is never hampered at any cost!''' ,'''Being vegetarian makes me feel healthy.''' ,'''As a sensible actor, I can easily judge which scene looks vulgar and which will look aesthetic.''' ,'''Nothing has changed really, just that your wife becomes your best friend and you share everything with her instead of your friends. It is a lovely feeling, you feel secured, settled in the head and at the same time more responsible.''' ,'''One afternoon I decided, with a couple of friends, to eat out. We set out hunting for a good restaurant and couldn't find a single place because everything was shut. Finally we had to have idlis at a place and that too at 5 P. M. I didn't know Goa totally shuts down in the afternoon.''' ,'''In my childhood, I used to usually visit Christmas fairs in our area and at school with my friends and I really miss those days.''' ,'''U.P. is always in news because of its politics.''' ,'''I was never into drama and theatre in school, so I never participated in Christmas skits that were often a part of Christmas celebrations in school.''' ,'''For an actor, it's important to choose the right kind of project.''' ,'''Being a TV actor, I have done many roles. Working daily at times gets to you.''' ,'''Growing a beard is tough and not as easy as one might think.''' ,'''When I have some time, I enjoy watching movies, also trying to cultivate habit of reading.''' ,'''Being an actor I believe in doing a variety of roles so that the audience gets to see different shades of me.''' ,'''As an actor I believe in doing all sorts of genres.''' ,'''There is no money in films, till the time you make it to a certain bracket.''' ,'''The love and unwavering support I get from my admirers is the biggest compliment.''' ,'''No matter how tired I am, or whether I have injured my back or neck while shooting, I don't ever miss the gym.''' ,'''My family has always supported me and I love spending time with them during my free time.''' ,'''I had thought of joining my dad in his stock broking business in Delhi.''' ,'''I choose roles according to my sensibilities.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I loved having muffins and cupcakes and I still like them with coffee.''' ,'''Whenever I am in U.P., I feel as if I am at home.''' ,'''Christmas is a really special day since I support the initiative 'Helping Hands' and I celebrate Christmas with the kids there. I take them to a place they would enjoy, like a hotel or fun zone and spend time with them as we play together and I become Santa for them.''' ,'''People say it is tough to have true friends in glam world, but I feel it is the same everywhere.''' ,'''An actor can never plan. You never know what can work in your favor or not and then, may be the whole dynamics can change.''' ,'''Maha Kumbh' blends elements from Hindu mythology with the international espionage thriller. Nothing like it has ever been attempted on Indian television.''' ,'''There are people who envy you and don't want to see you succeed, but there are also people who pray for your success.''' ,'''I have been a vegetarian for a few years now, and I am honestly managing it quite well in sync with my workouts and maintaining my physique as well. From whey protein to cottage cheese to tofu, all my proteins, carbs and far content are well in place and balanced.''' ,'''I was a very ziddi kid. One Diwali, I was hell-bent on lighting an anaar on my palm, and it burst on my palm! It is not a great memory but I still remember that.''' ,'''I don't take pressure or keep expectations because then it becomes difficult to concentrate.''' ,'''Fans come up to me to talk, shake hands, hug and click photos; I usually oblige because I can see how much they admire me.''' ,'''To be very honest, I owe it all to TV, it has made me what I am today. I've learnt the craft from it.''' ,'''I was a runner in Delhi's Army Public School. I started running when I was in class four and became the fastest sprinter in school and zone competitions by the time I reached class eight.''' ,'''Whatever I do, no matter it's for television, web or the big screen - it should satisfy me as an actor.''' ,'''I can't do only goody-goody roles. I can't be complacent, I have to play characters in different genres.''' ,'''There is a beauty of seeing a picture and making out what the story behind it might be.''' ,'''If you do TV, sign a proper daily soap, then you won't be able to do anything.''' ,'''I have always donned different looks going with the requirement of the roles I played.''' ,'''I don't wish to be a part of 'Bigg Boss.' People only fight on that show; whenever you put on that show, you hear people fighting.''' ,'''If my parents don't like something, they tell me on my face. You get real feedback from them.''' ,'''I will always continue to act!''' ,'''After few hours of work, you feel like running back to your family.''' ,'''I am very and proud of what we've made. 'Maha Kumbh' has all the ingredients.''' ,'''I bought quite a few houses and cars.''' ,'''Maintaining dignity and staying calm in a show like 'Bigg Boss' is a very big task.''' ,'''About Lucknow, I have become a frequent visitor here now and have started knowing the city quite well. In fact, I was also planning to set up a cafe here as I loved the city so much. There is so much scope for business here.''' ,'''Once you are known, people start banking on you and see if your other projects are successful or not.''' ,'''I don't live to eat but eat to live.''' ,'''I am single, and my mother is worried. She wants me to get married. Now that I'm in my 30s, I can't wait for the work-load to slow down. I need to find someone who will accompany me in my professional journey.''' ,'''I think we forget sometimes how blessed we are to be able to help others and make a difference!''' ,'''Every year, till class ninth, I used to visit Kanpur during my vacations. I still remember during vacations, I used to have great fun with my relatives.''' ,'''Each medium has its own beauty and way of working. While television offers immense reach and long-running shows, films are shorter and they are presented differently. With theatre, it's the thrill of instant feedback.''' ,'''But the best part about being actors and married to each other is that you can discuss work and take feedback from each other.''' ,'''My message to my admirers is please take part in initiatives where you can do something for those actually in need and Christmas is a really beautiful opportunity to do so.''' ,'''There are some projects which you just can't say no to, and 'Kaal Bhairav'... is one such show.''' ,'''When doing films, ones acting skills are polished, and the actor delivers a better performance.''' ,'''If films don't work, you have to be realistic and keep taking up television projects.''' ,'''In 'Nach... ', I go all out, but 'Saraswati... ' is an introvert character. The two things are totally opposite.''' ,'''I've two great friends in showbiz - Nigaar Khan and Waseem Sabir.''' ,'''I work out for a few hours extra, but I can't give cakes and chocolates a miss on Christmas.''' ,'''We don't look at 'Maha Kumbh' as just another serial. We would like viewers to see what we see. We haven't had a game-changer on Indian television for a very long time. We hope this one will make difference to the way audiences look at the home-viewing medium.''' ,'''I have a pretty high metabolism rate. So I tend to lose muscle mass if I am not working out.''' ,'''Mahakumbh' has a very unique concept and I was certain to take it up when I heard the script for the first time.''' ,'''As a kid, I would have 6-7 muffins with milk for breakfast.''' ,'''I'm not allowed to do shows for other channels till 'Saraswati Chandra' is on air, but I'm happy because Star is providing good opportunities to host reality shows like 'Nach Baliye.'''' ,'''I think one should definitely invest, not all the money in one go but keep some and invest the rest as and when required.''' ,'''I was doing back to back shows for four years.''' ,'''Theatre is for you if you truly want to act and test yourself. There is no room for error as you are performing in front of a live audience.''' ,'''To keep my metabolism healthy, I eat seven-eight meals a day, every two hours.''' ,'''Good shows have to get made in the first place... The regular ones don't excite me as an actor but at the end of the day, I have to work to earn my bread and butter.''' ,'''Every year, I feel really sad when I see Ganesha idols lying here and there after the visarjan. So it is my request to everyone to bring home eco-friendly idols.''' ,'''My breakfast consists of skimmed milk, a scoop of whey protein, and granola with dry fruits and oats.''' ,'''The idea of a social hub/website and official Facebook page just felt right as I want to be available for those who want to connect with me and share their feedback, suggestions, love and support.''' ,'''Amitabh Bachchan and SRK are great actors, but I like the way Suniel Shetty has handled his work. He's doing so many things at one time. He's a sincere actor, he has his own production company, other businesses and he's even the brand ambassador for hockey.''' ,'''Production is not an easy game and I would want to be prepared with the right team, script, etc before getting into it.''' ,'''I like having a new challenge to tackle because that gives me an adrenaline rush.''' ,'''I would love to turn producer someday but the time has to be right.''' ,'''Just working on a character and his mannerisms, but not looking the part, is not my thing. It is your duty as an actor to be honest to the character.''' ,'''I'll never say good bye to TV. I belong there.''' ,'''It has this royal feeling - one doesn't get this feel anywhere else; the culture here is so rich and the people here are so respectful - that was one of the reasons why I decided to get married at the Tijara Fort in Alwar.''' ,'''Never say never, but I won't kiss just for the heck of it.''' ,'''I am not a dancer. In fact, I have no formal training in dance.''' ,'''I am not a foodie so the idea of sacrificing a few things doesn't bother me. I can go on without eating as long as I don't suffer from acidity.''' ,'''My cheat food is mainly all the sweet stuff I love to eat - pastries, chocolates, cakes and besan ka ladoo.''' ,'''An actor can never plan. You never know what can work in your favour or not and then maybe the whole dynamics can change.''' ,'''I once invested in a risky business. Quite a few people warned me not to do so, but I still went ahead and invested the money.''' ,'''I don't want to ever look cheap on screen and want my viewers to squirm in their seats when they see me in such a scene. I'd rather wow them with my physique.''' ,'''I had always heard that theatre is for 'serious' actors but after actually having rehearsed day in and day out, I realize how challenging it is.''' ,'''Initially, in 'Suryaputra Karn,' we tried a wig but it looked unnatural, so I grew my hair.''' ,'''I have to evolve as an actor.''' ,]
+++