+++
author = "Jaden Smith"
title = "Jaden Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Jaden Smith Quotes"
keywords = "jaden smith,jaden smith quotes,jaden smith quote,jaden smith sayings,jaden smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm going to imprint myself on everything in this world.''' ,'''I used to not be really honest with girls and then I dropped a song called 'Starry Room' and then I started turning over a new leaf.''' ,'''I would love to work with Christopher Nolan, 100 percent.''' ,'''My dad once told me, he was like, 'The only time you should lie is when someone's holding a gun to your head and says 'Okay, lie or I'm going to shoot you.' And that really stuck with me.''' ,'''The only way to change something is to shock it. If you want your muscles to grow, you have to shock them. If you want society to change, you have to shock them.''' ,'''You need virtual reality to understand high level science or high level math. It's very helpful to explain third and fourth dimensional things that people are constantly addressing in quantum physics. But, as soon as you're creating an avatar, and you can live and you can start to feel sensations on VR, that has gone too far.''' ,'''Be careful with how you make the world perceive you, because they'll perceive you like that for the rest of your life.''' ,'''It's good to be happy and tell us how cool your life is and how awesome you are on social media. That's great because it inspires other people to be happy, too. But a lot of times, people are trying to be happy in the wrong ways - with money or with different things that are not true happiness.''' ,'''I have a goal to be just the most craziest person of all time. And when I say craziest, I mean, like, I want to do like Olympic-level things.''' ,'''Having girlfriends is... I can't do it. It doesn't mean I don't hang out with girls. It just means that I don't like being in a relationship, because it makes things very complicated. The one piece of advice that I listen to adults on - because I don't listen to adults when it comes to most things - is that I'm too young to have a girlfriend.''' ,'''We want to create a society that is working for us and with us - and we're working for society, not against it.''' ,'''I'll watch movies I like to see, Steve Jobs interviews, something that's going to make me smart and then go to sleep.''' ,'''People think, for some reason, that I don't care about creativity and art, or helping people. So I would say that the biggest misconception is, when you think about me, when you think about my name, I don't want you to think about design or clothes or music. I want you to think about a person that's just trying to help people.''' ,'''I want kids that look up to me to know that I'm a vegetarian, and I want to help them find alternatives to meat. I'm not gonna tell everyone that they should be vegetarian, even though they should be. I'm more gonna say, 'You don't have to be fully vegetarian; just don't eat meat every other day.'''' ,'''Being born was the most influential thing that's ever happened to me, for myself.''' ,'''I don't think I'm as revolutionary as Galileo, but I don't think I'm not as revolutionary as Galileo.''' ,'''I thought my dad was a scientist when I was young. Seriously. Because people would come up to me, and they would be like, 'Your dad is the smartest person that I've ever met.' And I was so young, so I'd be like, 'Well he just put me on a time out, so I don't agree.'''' ,'''The world is going to keep bashing me for whatever I do, and I'm going to keep not caring.''' ,'''I just want to teach people how to be comfortable. Stop being so scared.''' ,'''My parents are definitely my biggest role models.''' ,'''I like all types of music. Even though rap music is 80 percent of what I listen to, it's not the only thing I listen to.''' ,'''I want to be the most durable person on the planet.''' ,'''Whenever I'm making songs, I am pretty much, quote unquote, freestyling them into existence.''' ,'''I feel like a serious revolution needs to take place in order for human beings to evolve in a way where we can truly exist as a society.''' ,'''I'll never read every single book or go to every single place. But I'll die in the trying of it.''' ,'''My whole goal is to heal the entire planet. People say, 'I want to change the world.' You can change the world for better or for worse. I want to heal the whole world like a superhero would do.''' ,'''My all-time favorite movie ever is definitely the 'Twilight' series.''' ,'''Sometimes, life just gets to me where I just get so frustrated to the point of tears. If my blood sugar drops too low, then I will get upset about anything. If too many things happen in a row, especially being on tour and getting ready to release all of these emotions into the world - I'm just an emotional person in general.''' ,'''I would love for there to be a female president.''' ,'''I like to make music because I've been making music since I was 7. I can get across the things that I want to say in my music so that I don't have to say anything. I don't have to speak out about the things I believe; I can say them in my music.''' ,]
+++