+++
author = "Annalynne Mccord"
title = "Annalynne Mccord Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Annalynne Mccord Quotes"
keywords = "annalynne mccord,annalynne mccord quotes,annalynne mccord quote,annalynne mccord sayings,annalynne mccord saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are a lot of recent pics of me rocking silk strings of beads. They're made by survivors of the sex trade in Cambodia who were rescued by one of the organizations I support.''' ,'''I know imitation is the highest form of flattery, but stealing one's identity is totally different.''' ,'''I love being outdoors, playing beach tennis, going for runs in the sand, or doing a three-hour hike with my best girlfriend, Mieko.''' ,''''Dial Star' is about an aspiring actress who finds the cell phone of AnnaLynne McCord and impersonates her.''' ,'''You can make or break an outfit by not knowing your body type - certain things work on certain people. Make sure you're dressing for your leg-length, hip/chest size, etc.''' ,'''It takes a lot to scare me.''' ,'''I grew up with not a lot of money and I definitely shopped at Goodwill. But even in my most unfortunate state, I was really blessed compared to a lot of the rest of the world. I had a really great chance to follow my dreams and have them actually come true.''' ,'''But if an actress asks me my opinion, I would tell her there are a million different designers who make faux fur. If you like that look, wear faux fur. If you're doing it on the red carpet, you're doing it for how it looks. Faux fur and real fur look the same on camera.''' ,'''I need a guy who's confident and is secure in himself, because we're always apart.''' ,'''Honestly, after about three years on a show, you're like, 'Thank you very much for giving me a step up. Now can I go do movies?'''' ,'''I loved killing zombies in 'Day of the Dead.' I basically welcome anything that involves being dirty or bloody or shooting guns.''' ,'''All of my friends are animal people. To me, cats are people, too. Animals are people, too. I travel a lot and when I go overseas, it's really hard on me because the animals are treated much differently, especially in developing countries.''' ,'''My last trip to New Orleans was for the fifth anniversary of Katrina, and I had the awesome opportunity to bring my family down. We all worked on a house together and met some of the families.''' ,'''A good two years after Hurricane Katrina I remember feeling so devastated and so ignorant that there was so much damage still left. I felt like here I was an American and this is an American city and the government hasn't done enough and people haven't given back enough. Everyone forgot and the city was lying in waste.''' ,'''When I first moved to L.A., I didn't have a lot of money to join a gym or take classes, so I improvised. My sister and I went to the library and looked over their DVD collection and discovered Neena and Veena, these Egyptian twins who have a whole series of belly dancing routines. We did them all.''' ,'''I loved math. I was such a nerd! I really enjoyed working through problems and finding the solution.''' ,'''I don't want my dad to say, 'My daughter is an actress on a TV show.' I want him to say, 'My daughter cares about people.' I would love to know that I'm a role model in Hollywood.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an actress. I couldn't imagine being anything else.''' ,'''Before I was going to be an actress, I was going to be a veterinarian! I thought I was one as a child. I was the kid who was like, 'Daddy! I want a kitty! It needs a mommy!' And my dad was such a sucker. Every time I would beg, with tears flying down my face, about how this animal needs love, needs a home. He would cave.''' ,'''I knew I wanted to be an actress when I was 9 years old.''' ,]
+++