+++
author = "Danielle Colby"
title = "Danielle Colby Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Danielle Colby Quotes"
keywords = "danielle colby,danielle colby quotes,danielle colby quote,danielle colby sayings,danielle colby saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think 'renaissance woman' is a really fancy way of saying that I'm scatter-brained and non-commital.''' ,'''I had a dark room in my bedroom. I was always taking apart cameras and putting them back together. I still am a tinkerer.''' ,'''In my childhood, we didn't dress up a whole lot. It was very casual.''' ,'''One never knows what will happen in the future.''' ,'''I have an incredibly supportive family... and I don't have much of a social life.''' ,'''We want to change the way that women think about each other so that they can respect each other's strengths and be more of a team rather than put each other down and be catty, jealous.''' ,'''I do a lot of things; I guess I'm a bit of a workaholic.''' ,'''If it's extravagant, colorful and detailed, it catches my eye.''' ,'''Many women don't appreciate their form because it doesn't look like what they see on the front cover of a magazine. They feel ashamed of their bodies.''' ,'''The interesting thing is I grew up a Jehovah's Witness and I had a very, very strict upbringing.''' ,'''I have a home in Puerto Rico, and I see what is happening on the islands there.''' ,'''Yeah, I did roller derby for three years.''' ,'''The back roads of America are so important.''' ,'''In the corporate world, there's, like, a 300 percent markup. In our world, we normally don't go above a 100 percent markup.''' ,'''I'm really fond of strength onstage and I'm not a small person. I'm 5'9'' and 190 lbs. - you can't really go on stage and be too shy.''' ,'''History teaches me that the dollar rules and whoever writes history writes it however they want.''' ,'''Be honest with your intentions, the rest will follow.''' ,'''It's very difficult to run a business when you're buying something for $5 and selling it for $10.''' ,'''I wake up at 4 or 5 in the morning every day.''' ,'''When everything else is looking so grim and the world is changing so fast that it's scary, one thing that remains consistent is kindness.''' ,'''I sleep three or four hours every night, but I wouldn't change anything.''' ,'''My main priority is my family, and my next priority is 'American Pickers,' because I love it and it's worth my time and energy.''' ,'''No matter what government does or does not do, people need to remember the power is in their hands to make their small part of the world better. Set a tone of kindness.''' ,'''I'm really boring when I'm on the road. I go from work to the hotel and then sit and work all night.''' ,'''I need my outdoors, my comfort.''' ,'''It is amazing what a cute little... girl from Iowa can do.''' ,'''I found out that I can have the pretty things and I don't have to spend a million dollars on them.''' ,'''Kindness will always make things feel better, more stable.''' ,'''I design clothing, and I'm a picker as well.''' ,'''There's nothing coy or frilly about me.''' ,]
+++