+++
author = "Kyp Malone"
title = "Kyp Malone Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Kyp Malone Quotes"
keywords = "kyp malone,kyp malone quotes,kyp malone quote,kyp malone sayings,kyp malone saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not really big on video games at all, I played a lot at the arcade as a kid. I didn't have a system growing up at my house.''' ,'''Being my own boss and working inside an industry that's not really an industry, I need to keep busy and keep working. The only way to make money in music - unless you're managing someone - is to tour, and even that depends on where you are at.''' ,'''I like pop music. I also like the sound of a dying refrigerator. I can listen to that for an hour and a half if I'm in the mood.''' ,'''I don't feel a real need to specify the meaning of something. When I was little and I was introduced to Led Zeppelin, I didn't know what a zeppelin was or who Zeppelin was or what the machine was. The real meaning is whatever feelings and memories you attach to the music.''' ,'''As long as I'm blessed and/or cursed to be alive, it's hard to see a time when I won't be making music.''' ,'''When I was little and I was introduced to Led Zeppelin, I didn't know what a zeppelin was or who Zeppelin was or what the machine was. The real meaning is whatever feelings and memories you attach to the music.''' ,'''When I go to galleries in New York, I feel like I'm in school. I know that there's good contemporary conceptual art, but I have a really hard time caring about it. I'd rather look at images of people and things I can relate to. Then again, I didn't go to art school.''' ,'''I'm done with cool. I've been done with cool for years.''' ,'''I think that creative work, music in particular, is a conveyor of inner emotional life. I don't feel one way all the time, so I don't want my music to feel the same way all the time.''' ,'''I don't think that three minutes of music on a commercial record is going to bring paradise, but I feel like there is power in music and power in our words and power in what we put out into the world.''' ,'''I'm not a regionalist. Both places have their pros and cons. And the cultural differences are slighter than they are made out to be. L.A. riots, N.Y. shops. Both are good for stress relief.''' ,'''Honestly, most of the stuff I made for 'TV on the Radio,' I write in the studio.''' ,'''I just don't want to watch TV, and I know that life is short. I feel like I couldn't do all the things I wanted to do if I had several lifetimes to do them in.''' ,]
+++