+++
author = "Sophie Turner"
title = "Sophie Turner Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Sophie Turner Quotes"
keywords = "sophie turner,sophie turner quotes,sophie turner quote,sophie turner sayings,sophie turner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Just before my 16th birthday, Natalie Dormer said to me, 'As soon as you turn 16, you're going to work adult hours. People will try take advantage of you, so it's important not to be a pushover.'''' ,'''A lot of fans that recognize me go, 'I kind of hate you,' and I'm all, 'Cool, well, you've just made this sufficiently awkward.'''' ,'''I learn something new everyday about myself as an actor, my capabilities, how far I can stretch myself, throw out emotions I never knew I had.''' ,'''I don't get any dates; that's the thing.''' ,'''Some days I want to look like a hipster kid, and then other days I want to be prim and proper. I really wish I had, like, seven lives so I could go from being a hipster one day to a punk the next. But that's the great thing about fashion. In a way, it's like acting, because you can try on all these different roles.''' ,'''Courtesy is a lady's armor.''' ,'''You've got to be happy when you play a sad character; otherwise, you just get depressed. Make your real life as fun as possible.''' ,'''On 'Game of Thrones,' all of my closest friends are 30 upwards, which is quite strange.''' ,'''I think I'm not really into the handsome, chivalrous knight; I like the bad boys.''' ,'''I'm a Rihanna, Beyonce kind of person.''' ,'''I don't think that the status of a show, big or small, should affect a person's performance.''' ,'''You don't want to be innocent in the world of 'Game of Thrones.'''' ,'''I feel the pressure to be toned, yeah, and everyone's going on about the thigh gap, but I like food more than exercise, so I'll just carry on that way.''' ,'''In a lot of TV shows out there, the women are the weak ones, and the men are the strong ones.''' ,'''Every audition that I walk out of where I think I nailed it, I never get that job, ever.''' ,'''Once every lunar eclipse, you should be able to see me smile!''' ,''''If you believe, you can achieve' - that's my motto!''' ,'''Obviously I've had crushes, and I've tried to make things work with people, but it doesn't when you're away so much. I like to think, 'Don't go looking for it; it'll happen when it wants to happen.'''' ,'''I really like The Vamps. I'm friends with a couple of the guys from the band, so that's fun.''' ,'''My whole adolescence has been on 'Game of Thrones;' I don't know what I'm going to do without it.''' ,'''Matthew Williamson has always been a favourite of mine, and I am definitely also rooting for up-and-coming designers like Michael van der Ham.''' ,'''I'm an unlucky charm... don't go anywhere with me.''' ,'''Ghostly things don't really scare me, but they really intrigue me.''' ,'''It's quite nice coming off doing a dark, upsetting scene. It's a relief that that's over with, and then you can get back to happy old Sophie.''' ,'''I think that you form the way that you act from others around you; it's a kind of an environmental thing.''' ,'''I find it quite easy to get in and out of character. I don't know why - I guess it's my job.''' ,'''Root for the girls who wear dresses and are intellectually very strong.''' ,'''Clearly I'm really attracted to parts where there's a dark, sinister feel about them!''' ,'''How can you not love Jack Gleeson? He's amazing. He's the nicest guy.''' ,'''I can't watch 'Titanic' without breaking down within the first 10 minutes. You know, when it got re-released in 3D, I went to see it again. My mom came to pick me up from the cinema, and I was just bawling my eyes out.''' ,'''Growing up, I always wanted a dog, but my parents never wanted one.''' ,'''I found it really difficult when teachers talked down to me.''' ,'''My character from 'Panda Eyes,' Fay, is the character I see myself in a lot.''' ,'''When I was younger, before I was born, I lost my twin, so I think I've always had a fascination for telepathy or the way that twins act and react with each other.''' ,'''I used to fancy Jonathan Rhys Meyers. I didn't tell him that when we worked together on 'Another Me.'''' ,'''The one fiction show I watch is 'Hannibal.' I love it!''' ,'''Listen - and I don't care who knows it - I'm a Belieber!''' ,'''When I was growing up, I always saw Karen Millen as a resource for women who were a bit older.''' ,'''To me, bravery is to stand up for what you believe in.''' ,'''When I was younger, my mum used to dress me in, like, lime green leggings with a matching neon jumper and hair scrunch, so I'd say I've definitely progressed since then in terms of style.''' ,'''When I was fifteen, I got a Tiffany's necklace from the producers of 'Game of Thrones' with my character's name Sansa engraved on it.''' ,'''I would love to work with Jack Nicholson, Saoirse Ronan, Michael Shannon and James Franco in the future. I think those actors are amazing, and they are my favourite actors by far.''' ,'''I don't really have a process. I'm very much an in-the-moment actress. I suppose I just kind of wing it because I feel that as long as I know my character, I should be able to be spontaneous on set.''' ,'''I will be able to look back on my teen years as spent on a television set just having the biggest bunch of fun.''' ,'''Stephen Daldry would be a director that I would love to work with as well as Peter Jackson, Tim Burton, and I'm very lucky to have worked with Isabel Coixet, who is also one of my favourite directors.''' ,'''There are no black and white, good or bad characters in 'Game Of Thrones,' but Joffrey was an exception. Just pure evil.''' ,]
+++