+++
author = "Shahid Afridi"
title = "Shahid Afridi Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Shahid Afridi Quotes"
keywords = "shahid afridi,shahid afridi quotes,shahid afridi quote,shahid afridi sayings,shahid afridi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have nothing against the Indian people, and I have always enjoyed going to India, as the people there appreciate and support good cricket and players.''' ,'''What we need to do is strike the right balance in our teams for all three formats of the sport.''' ,'''I still say Pakistan and India should have normal bilateral relations in cricket and there should be regular exchanges between the two countries.''' ,'''I just want to be given respect and dignity that every senior player deserves after serving the country for so many years.''' ,'''If the captain stands still and looks clueless, then it spreads to the whole team.''' ,'''There is an amazing craze for cricket in India.''' ,'''My relationship with Virat is not dictated by political situation. Virat is a fantastic human being and an ambassador of cricket for his country, just like I am for my country.''' ,'''My whole identity comes from Pakistan.''' ,'''Once I am out of the ground, I forget cricket or keep it away as far as possible, to lighten up.''' ,'''When rain is around, the team batting second gets a huge advantage.''' ,'''You should be allowed to tamper with the ball after the 30th or 40th over.''' ,'''I started playing from the age of 11-12. I loved the game immediately but started playing the game seriously only in 1993-94.''' ,'''The media makes a big deal of small issues.''' ,'''I don't think there is a need to treat matches with India like a matter of life and death. We need to take cricket as cricket.''' ,'''The Indian media has a very negative approach and very negative thoughts.''' ,'''Playing for Pakistan was such a huge dream.''' ,'''I don't think I appear very cool to people who observe me on the ground.''' ,'''The love and support I have got and get from my well-wishers and fans is enough reward for me.''' ,'''I don't really see any difference between Pakistani people and the Indians. We eat the same food, we speak the same language. I don't really see any difference.''' ,'''I am not one to run away from challenges, as I am a fighter, and I will come back.''' ,'''I don't think, in international cricket, there is a need for coaching. The real coaching is to recognise your players' strengths and weaknesses. You always remain positive with your players.''' ,'''Nobody is a born captain. He learns with time.''' ,'''They have permission to play all the indoor games they want, but my daughters are not going to be competing in public sporting activities.''' ,'''As it is, I have a busy schedule, and I don't think I have the time for Test matches.''' ,'''I have played 20 years of international cricket for Pakistan and not the PCB.''' ,'''When my family moved to Karachi, I just knew the date and month of my birth and not the exact year. That is why my age was erroneously recorded in the under-14 trials.''' ,'''Respect is the most essential thing about captaincy. Respect between the captain and players is important. It is give and take.''' ,'''There is no team in the world that doesn't tamper with the ball.''' ,'''Some rivalries were personal, some professional. First, the curious case of Gambhir. Oh, poor Gautam. He & his attitude problem. He who has no personality. He who is barely a character in the great scheme of cricket. He who has no great records, just a lot of attitude.''' ,'''If you're playing, or not playing, training is always good to keep you young.''' ,'''I began as a bowler and batting at No. 8 or 9 at Under-14, U-16 and U-19 levels, so to change myself was really difficult.''' ,'''The reason for my age being messed up in the records is that when I first appeared for the under-14 trials, I myself really did not know my exact age.''' ,'''I have played with seriousness and in a professional way for my country.''' ,'''I have no real desire to play Test cricket, and the reason I lost this desire was because I was not selected consistently for Test matches.''' ,'''I think, in international cricket, your management is about motivating players.''' ,'''So many mouths can get fed, so many minds can be nourished, if India and Pakistan resolve the Kashmir issue through a Kashmiri-owned, Kashmiri-led peace process.''' ,'''I think we should learn from our mistakes.''' ,'''There are cricket-loving people here, much like in Pakistan. Overall, I've enjoyed a lot playing in India in my cricketing career.''' ,'''Dhoni has changed the face of Indian cricket and took them to the pinnacle of success, and his captaincy will be missed by the Indian team. He has led them well in all formats.''' ,'''I have always done my bit to improve Indo-Pak ties, but sometimes you say something, and it is interpreted the other way.''' ,'''Whether it is Wasim Akram, Waqar Younis, or Inzamam ul-Haq, they will also say that they get a lot of respect here because cricket is literally worshiped in India.''' ,'''We think game by game.''' ,'''In very few countries I enjoyed cricket more than I did in India. I would always remember the love my team and I got from the fans here.''' ,'''My wife is from India, and I come to India a lot. I have never faced any security issue.''' ,'''I've not enjoyed playing anywhere as much as I have in India.''' ,'''I don't think any bowler can trouble me much.''' ,'''I have never run after the captaincy in my entire career. It is something for the cricket board to decide.''' ,'''I try and keep it simple and wait for the right opportunity.''' ,'''I am a mature, professional cricketer who fully fathoms the trends and experiences the game has to offer.''' ,'''We have to stick to basics. Sometimes, you expect that miracles will happen, but it does not work out that way.''' ,'''Every child is a gift of Allah, and every child in Pakistan, to me, is like my own child, so I will do my best to take the message to every doorstep in Pakistan. Reaching every child, every time with the polio vaccine is not only necessary, but it is our duty. This disease can't deter us; we will defeat it.''' ,'''I have always got a lot of love and affection from Indian fans.''' ,'''I don't want to talk about the past. I don't live in past.''' ,'''All we can do is to work hard.''' ,'''I thank Allah that I have been playing for Pakistan for a long time. This is a big honour for me; I had not even thought so.''' ,'''I have seen that Tendulkar was not at all comfortable against Shoaib in Kolkata Test in 1999. It was Shoaib's first tour of India, and he bowled out Sachin without giving him a chance to open his account.''' ,'''I am happy that I am getting a chance to play for Hampshire, because wherever I play, at the end of the day, I am recognized as a Pakistani, and if I do well, it is Pakistan cricket that gets a good name.''' ,'''The team that wins makes minimum mistakes, and the one which loses, that one makes more mistakes than the other team.''' ,'''It's simple: I like happy, positive people.''' ,'''You need the management personnel who can help you out with various things. The captain can't be asked to get into every decision.''' ,'''As a captain, I am concerned about my team and how I perform. I have hopes from my own self and very high hopes from my team members.''' ,'''As long as you are winning, everything is fine, and you lose a game, and all hell breaks loose. That is grossly unfair. We should not overlook someone's past achievements just because he is going through a bad patch.''' ,'''The people may not be like that, but I think the media had a very dirty role in spoiling relations between us and India.''' ,'''I have enjoyed my cricket in India, and I love Indian people.''' ,'''Nobody in the Indian subcontinent has suffered or struggled more than Kashmiris.''' ,'''Media houses should only hire people with a clean background to give their expert opinion.''' ,'''Treat cricket like a sport.''' ,'''My identity is that of a Pakistani player. And nothing is more important than that for me.''' ,'''I admire Indian cricket because of the way the sport is run there and how the money they earn is invested back into the game and players.''' ,'''I always try to do what I know best, and that is play well.''' ,'''Records just happen.''' ,'''I have seen a lot of top players being forced to retire in not very pleasant circumstances, and I don't want that happening to me.''' ,'''It is my hope that Babar Azam will become a bigger player like Virat Kohli.''' ,'''I have said goodbye to international cricket.''' ,'''Gambhir behaves like he's a cross between Don Bradman & James Bond.''' ,'''I have nothing personal against Gambhir. In fact, I have some good friends in the Indian team, and I get along with them well off the field. Even if I meet Gambhir somewhere, I will greet him normally, as I have nothing in my heart against him.''' ,'''Every team knows its strength.''' ,'''Sachin is one of the best batsmen, and the whole world knows this. He does not need mine or anybody else's certificate. His records speak for him.''' ,'''In one-day cricket, we should not think that we can win easily against any team. There have been examples when big teams have lost to small sides.''' ,'''Every day, I do training. Sometimes at midnight I train, sometimes 4:30 in the morning as well.''' ,'''You can really put yourself out there in front of the world, make a name for yourself in international cricket.''' ,'''I have a lot to say about my confidence, my fears, my adversaries, my ambitions, my goals and failures.''' ,'''My main strength is my bowling, but where I bat, I can also contribute for the team, and that is important.''' ,'''My daughters are very precious to me.''' ,'''I am available to play in foreign leagues only when not required on national duty.''' ,'''Obviously, I want to do well in the Champions Trophy, which is like a mini World Cup with all top teams participating.''' ,'''I am disappointed at not being able to live up to the expectations of my supporters, but every cricketer goes through such a time.''' ,'''My thinking is that once the captain sends you at a particular number, then your job is to perform and get runs at that number. Nothing else should matter.''' ,'''Ajwa and Asmara are the youngest and love to play dress-up. They have my permission to play any sport, as long as they're indoors. Cricket? No, not for my girls.''' ,'''In all my years of cricket, I've given hundreds of interviews and done dozens of TV shows, but what you will read in my memoir are the stories and thoughts I've never shared openly.''' ,'''I admire Sachin Tendulkar for being one of the best role models for young cricketers, and no one in Pakistan even doubts his greatness, as his records speak for himself.''' ,'''It is unfortunate whenever someone tries to bring politics into sport.''' ,'''Kashmir belongs to the Kashmiris. Not to Indians. Not to Pakistanis.''' ,'''I am a huge fan of Sachin. He is not only a great cricketer but a humble human being as well.''' ,'''I would say T20 cricket has introduced a more positive attitude in players and led to Tests also being played more aggressively and being more result oriented.''' ,'''Yuvraj is a better batsman than me, I have no doubt.''' ,'''I think, after Pakistan, the two countries where I have received most love and respect are India and Australia.''' ,'''Our country has backed us so much. People who love you so much can criticise you as well.''' ,'''There is a lot of warmth and fellow-feeling whenever I have spoken to Virat. It's not that we get a chance to speak a lot, but from time to time, he would drop in a message, and I would do the same.''' ,'''My game is such that I either succeed or fail. But I always hope to do something which is useful to the team at the start of the innings.''' ,]
+++