+++
author = "Mike Krzyzewski"
title = "Mike Krzyzewski Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Mike Krzyzewski Quotes"
keywords = "mike krzyzewski,mike krzyzewski quotes,mike krzyzewski quote,mike krzyzewski sayings,mike krzyzewski saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''That's what I do now: I lead and I teach. If we win basketball games from doing that, then that's great, but I lead and teach. Those are the two things I concentrate on.''' ,'''I'm still not a great reader, but my wife is and my daughters are, and I envy them. I think I got into a bad habit of trying to do something all the time, instead of trying to sit down and take my time a little bit.''' ,'''Basketball was not my main sport in grade school, or even the first year of high school.''' ,'''My ambition in high school was to be a high school coach and teacher, and that's still what I do: teach.''' ,'''Imagination has a great deal to do with winning.''' ,'''With me and basketball, it became part of me.''' ,'''The life expectancy of a team is about eight months. Then the next year, it's a whole new team.''' ,'''When I was in sixth grade, I wanted to become a priest.''' ,'''Leadership is an ever-evolving position.''' ,'''When I was growing up, there weren't any Little Leagues in the city. Parents worked all the time. They didn't have time to take their kids out to play baseball and football.''' ,'''Once you win a National Championship, how do you do that again? How do you get the passion to do that again? We won it again right away, the next year. A lot of it had to do with the fact that I didn't give myself an opportunity to enjoy the first one.''' ,'''A basketball team is like the five fingers on your hand. If you can get them all together, you have a fist. That's how I want you to play.''' ,'''I have a rule on my team: when we talk to one another, we look each other right in the eye, because I think it's tough to lie to somebody. You give respect to somebody.''' ,'''It's always an honor to be ranked high, but whatever is said about you, you take it and then take a realistic look at yourself and who you are.''' ,'''I'm fortunate now that I coach at Duke University and we've won a lot. I have some kids who haven't failed that much. But when they get to college, they're going to fail some time. That's a thing that I can help them the most with.''' ,'''If you win a National Championship, or you win two, people think you have not only seen the Holy Grail, but you've embraced it. Basically, I do what a lot of people do, but I've been able to win.''' ,'''I think some parents now look at a youngster failing as the final thing. It's a process, and failure is part of the process. I would like it if the teacher and the parents would connect more. I think that used to be, but we're losing a little bit of that right now.''' ,'''The person who has inspired me my whole life is my Mom, because she taught me commitment. She sacrificed.''' ,'''I always wanted to teach.''' ,'''I hated to lose.''' ,'''In high school, in sport, I had a coach who told me I was much better than I thought I was, and would make me do more in a positive sense. He was the first person who taught me not to be afraid of failure.''' ,'''Each group and each youngster is different. As a leader or coach, you get to know what they need.''' ,'''Throughout my life, my mom has been the person that I've always looked up to.''' ,'''Everybody wants to take responsibility when you win, but when you fail, all these fingers are pointing.''' ,'''First of all, what happens is, when you're good at something, you spend a lot of time with it. People identify you with that sport, so it becomes part of your identity.''' ,'''I always won in my imagination. I always hit the game-winning shot, or I hit the free throw. Or if I missed, there was a lane violation, and I was given another one.''' ,'''That's another thing, we made up games. We didn't have equipment. When it snowed, we would play slow motion tackle football. We would play hockey, but we wouldn't skate. We just made things up. I loved doing that.''' ,'''I've tried to handle winning well, so that maybe we'll win again, but I've also tried to handle failure well. If those serve as good examples for teachers and kids, then I hope that would be a contribution I have made to sport. Not just basketball, but to sport.''' ,'''You can see and you can listen, but you have to have moments in which you feel.''' ,'''The truth is that many people set rules to keep from making decisions.''' ,'''When you win, sometimes it overshadows a poor performance.''' ,'''I think you're not a human being unless you have doubts and fears.''' ,'''When I went to high school, an all-boys' school, a Catholic school, I tried out for football, and I didn't make it. It was the first time, athletically, that I was knocked down.''' ,'''The thing I loved the most - and still love the most about teaching - is that you can connect with an individual or a group, and see that individual or group exceed their limits.''' ,'''My parents didn't really understand too much about sport. At that time, we were in a Polish community in the inner city of Chicago, and I was the youngest of a bunch of cousins. Polish families are real big, with cousins and aunts and uncles.''' ,'''The other thing I knew I had was a high level of competitiveness.''' ,'''Even though we want huge individual egos, our collective ego is unbelievable.''' ,'''Playing sport was somewhat frivolous, but I liked it. I rebelled a little bit, and wouldn't go to music lessons and things like that, but I would go and play ball. My parents learned to love it because they saw how much I got out of it.''' ,'''To me, teamwork is the beauty of our sport, where you have five acting as one. You become selfless.''' ,'''I've been so fortunate in my life that my family has never been jealous of my success. They have shown true love and commitment to me by being supportive. They shared in it.''' ,'''It is the ultimate honor for a coach to be his country's coach.''' ,'''There are kids don't want to do something because they're afraid of looking stupid to their peers. There comes a time when they start protecting themselves, instead of extending. I want to make sure that they're always trying to extend themselves.''' ,'''Fun is to experience things you would not have been able to experience in any other setting.''' ,'''Parents can really help, but they can also really hinder the development of their youngsters.''' ,'''I had a really bad temper, when I was growing up. Sport helped me channel that temper into more positive acts.''' ,'''Actually, the Kentucky moment was better than winning the two National Championships, because it was the epitome of what I try to get from a team in a crisis situation.''' ,]
+++