+++
author = "Parvathy"
title = "Parvathy Quotes"
quotes_len = "95"
description = "the best 95 Parvathy Quotes"
keywords = "parvathy,parvathy quotes,parvathy quote,parvathy sayings,parvathy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We need storytelling from all angles. We need men, women, and trans people participating in all aspects of filmmaking; this is the only way we can depolarise the age-old standard of singular perspective.''' ,'''I don't mind playing a supporting character if it has some substance.''' ,'''There is casting couch in the Malayalam industry.''' ,'''My mother learnt Mohiniyattam as a child, and my father loved singing.''' ,'''Bollywood is there; the film industry is thriving, and it's huge, and it's everywhere. Anytime I travel abroad and I say I'm an actor from India, they're like, 'Oh, Bollywood!' And I say, 'Umm, not yet!'''' ,'''I'm not saying I'm perfect. But I'm someone who analyses and reflects on what I do, whether it's in keeping with the ethics that I talk about in public. That's how I've been all my life.''' ,'''Awards are like a pat of appreciation from the jury and viewers. It is almost like them saying, 'So, you have done well; we expect you to carry on doing good work.'''' ,'''I only do few films, so when one comes out, it is a big deal for me.''' ,'''If you want to do something, you'll find the space to do it.''' ,'''I don't believe in looking like a mannequin. I like my bulges and love handles, but fitness is important for me.''' ,'''I can never go back to a workspace where there's no dignity.''' ,'''I have been in the industry for 11 years but still feel excited about my work. That is what keeps any actor going.''' ,'''The commercial success that came with Anjali Menon's 'Bangalore Days' helped me in getting my work noticed.''' ,'''I think cyberbullying someone who states their opinion, especially a woman, is sadly a norm these days, and it happens daily to not just stars/actors. We have to consistently condemn and shun it so that it never gets the power it doesn't deserve to have over the society.''' ,'''There is such insecurity in loving that we see all the pros and cons and then decide how much we want to invest in relationships.''' ,'''I grew up watching films that presented male perspectives of women.''' ,'''I have worked with big actors, but honestly, I don't judge the viability of a project on the basis of the star value attached to it.''' ,'''Even with me, there are so many things I have bottled up.''' ,'''I have been shocked at some senior actors who made lewd comments on my body. They think it is normal, and in fact, I thought it was normal. But, much later, I failed to see how that is a normal thing.''' ,'''As an artist, my only relationship to my audience is through my work. That relationship is sacred to me.''' ,'''I reserve the right to be a participating citizen and artist.''' ,'''I am not the kind of person who shouts out.''' ,'''If I have to change for a character, I need really logical reasons to look a certain way. Otherwise, I have finally cracked the code in being comfortable in my own skin regardless of what's fed to you of how you must look.''' ,'''I was not somebody who watched a lot of films. We couldn't afford to. We came from struggling family background.''' ,'''I like it when things come to me; I choose a movie if I know I need to be a part of it.''' ,'''The writer and the director are ultimately responsible for what is portrayed and glorified in a film. Then comes the producer.''' ,'''I have always been arrogantly confident about the work I have done.''' ,'''In the 11 years I've worked in films, I've realised that no one is indispensable, and that has actually been very comforting to know.''' ,'''Unfairness is everywhere.''' ,'''I believe all of us should have the freedom to have our personal take on how art affects us.''' ,'''It is important to set an example.''' ,'''I don't know what I want, but I do know that I don't want the usual stuff, the cliched stuff is just too mind-numbing. They sell, I know, but it makes me sad to know that.''' ,'''I'm not a big fan of just cultivating an image.''' ,'''I don't feel genres have helped me as an actor. Movies can be of any genre. But if you give me slapstick, I may not do it.''' ,'''Everybody has a priority. Mine is simple and clean acting, and my work, irrespective of the industry I am in, will not cater to anything else.''' ,'''The only kind of influence I want to be on anyone is by being, constantly and consistently, someone who probes herself at every juncture, improves the way in which she functions as a citizen, and questions the status quo.''' ,'''Women need to tell their stories from their experiences, and that may not mean that it would be all stories with women as protagonists.''' ,'''If I don't get work, I'll create it.''' ,'''We only fear what we don't understand, and I hate to be scared.''' ,'''I am quite content with my work in Malayalam cinema, and so there was never any reason to look outside for opportunities.''' ,'''I have committed myself to giving quality work.''' ,'''As an actor, my body is my tool to flesh out the roles I play.''' ,'''I remember I was in my ninth grade, and I was smitten by Sushmita Sen, the way she carried herself, her interviews, and, of course, her movies.''' ,'''I want to do only those films which come from a real place.''' ,'''Sometimes, the actual feeling of loving someone takes a back seat because we are busy defining it.''' ,'''I believe we need to learn from our past.''' ,'''Until 'Bangalore Days' happened, a huge commercial success had not happened to me.''' ,'''I longed for people to forget Parvathy and remember my character. That has finally happened in Malayalam.''' ,'''I discovered that there was no difference between playing a real-life character and a fictional one.''' ,'''I did one print ad and thoroughly disliked the experience.''' ,'''No matter how big or new they are, I always look for the intention of the filmmaker first. Their intention has to be in the right place.''' ,'''I have worked in films where we just put on the make-up and go in for a shoot without any discussions and even a talk with the director.''' ,'''To be honest, I am not really excited by most of the offers I get.''' ,'''My humble request to journalists - It only takes one phone call or an email to check facts.''' ,'''I've been an actor since the age of seventeen.''' ,'''I have nothing but immense respect for my peers.''' ,'''The 'Qarib' team was energetic with an intimate way of working.''' ,'''Acting is very anthropological for me. It makes me less judgmental.''' ,'''For me, talking about the casting couch in the Malayalam film industry was like calling the sky blue. There is nothing new about calling a spade a spade. My intention was not to create an effect; I just wanted to pluck a few weeds in the system and throw them out.''' ,'''I believe that cinema is not only an artistic industry, but there is also a political activity.''' ,'''If I am going to be phased out by whatever powers, then I want people to know that it is not because I am bad at my work.''' ,'''Bollywood marketing is larger-than-life. Honestly, it amuses me.''' ,'''There is absolutely no wrong way to find love.''' ,'''Yes, I am happy that my work is recognised, and it is wonderful to be acknowledged.''' ,'''Reviews are extremely subjective, but I have respect for them.''' ,'''I believe that women have the right to wear any attire that suits their comfort. And above all, every individual has the right to wear an attire of their choice, and no one can deny that.''' ,'''Sameera, my character in 'Take Off,' was extremely intense.''' ,'''Survival is not just a physical thing. It's a constant mental affair. So, I kind of really draw a lot of power from that word.''' ,'''Cinema is very important to me. I derive a lot of strength from this art form, and I believe that it is very impactful socio-politically.''' ,'''The lack of exposure to right perspective has caused me to be in abusive relationships. When a boy stubbed cigarette on my leg, I thought it was out of love. You know why? Because our films taught us slapping in the face was a way of expressing love.''' ,'''I play Sophie in 'Koode': a very strong and soft woman who has been through many atrocities yet holds herself together through conviction in herself.''' ,'''One must keep challenging oneself to do well in any profession.''' ,'''Working with any senior actor is a learning experience, so getting to work with a thespian like Kamal Hassan was a memorable one.''' ,'''I would want the audience to simply see the character I portray in each movie in its true essence because I feel acting is all about truthfully portraying the character.''' ,'''We need women in cinema to know first that they have a safe space to open up about their struggles without being judged and marginalised.''' ,'''If you're talking about industry, I've never restricted myself to Tamil, Malayalam, Hindi, or Kannada. Whichever the language is, from Swahili to Marathi or Bhojpuri to Bengali, I would be happy to do it.''' ,'''My career strategy has never been the most important thing; my conscience is.''' ,'''I want to make the work space more dignified and safe for women.''' ,'''We should release films without revealing the director's name, as his or her gender would not be a barometer to watch those films.''' ,'''From my personal experience, I've put on and lost weight according to each character's requirement, which has taken a toll on my health.''' ,'''Yes, I started out as an anchor on television, but that was just 'me being me,' trying to make some pocket money.''' ,'''How sad is that life when a man thinks that his manliness comes with asking sexual favours from a woman. That's the saddest way of being a man.''' ,'''When I look back, there isn't a single film that I would disown becaus,e with every film, I've learnt a lot.''' ,'''The day the audience feel they are watching Parvathy instead of the character, that would be me failing as an actor.''' ,'''Diversity is strength. Our cinema and our art forms need to diversify so that it tells all stories, all perspectives.''' ,'''My mother had sent my picture for a TV contest seeking anchors, and I won.''' ,'''Both my parents are lawyers. They come from humble beginnings.''' ,'''My career has been driven with the hope of telling stories, as it helps me to judge people less.''' ,'''You can't just skim the surface of any role. You have to find the depths, because any other way would be dishonest.''' ,'''Women haven't stood together enough because women have been pitted against one another.''' ,'''I know how difficult it is to learn languages, since I am working in three regional industries in South India, and unless the director wants my voice to be dubbed, I do my own dubbing.''' ,'''As an artist, I feel you can have a debut just once.''' ,'''I will keep repeating it until people get it - misogyny and violence and everything that's bad in our life and society should be reflected in our films. It's the glorification that is wrong.''' ,'''My talent is universal, and acting is a craft that can be used anywhere, unless ethnicity comes into play, and then, looks matter.''' ,'''Some of our life experience makes us weary of love and make it difficult to forgive others.''' ,]
+++