+++
author = "Ron Livingston"
title = "Ron Livingston Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Ron Livingston Quotes"
keywords = "ron livingston,ron livingston quotes,ron livingston quote,ron livingston sayings,ron livingston saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Flight attendants all over the world saw 'Sex and the City.' Doesn't matter what country you are in. The flight attendants know Jack Berger.''' ,'''I can't pull off blond, but I got some blond tips. Which is as close as I'll ever come to being in a '90s boy band.''' ,'''I grew up in Iowa, so we had Cheap Trick come through a lot, but some of the other acts were a little harder to find.''' ,'''It's always interesting when people are sort of broken. I think it's one of the most interesting qualities that human beings have is that broken people can fix themselves sometimes.''' ,'''If you're a real scientist, you're constantly open to new data. Nothing is ever 100% validated.''' ,'''It's kinda cool seeing people having real fights with people they really know.''' ,'''The scariest thing I've ever had about a long drive is almost falling asleep a couple of times. Those moments where you maybe should have pulled over and taken a nap, like, a couple of hours ago.''' ,'''We're all trying to live up to our personal codes, so we relate to people who we see doing the same thing.''' ,'''My sister Jennifer is an Emmy winning journalist and mother of three amazing girls. She brings an exceptional dedication to her job, her family, and her community, and has been a role model of mine for many, many years. I'm extremely proud of her.''' ,'''There's jerks, and there's villains. Villains, I think, are very aware of who they are and what they're doing and their effect on the world. Jerks tend to think they're great guys.''' ,'''They're either going to fire you or they're not. They can only fire you. That's all they can do. They can't take your thumbs.''' ,'''I say the one thing about luck is you can't really count on it.''' ,'''I personally feel like an exorcism movie without God is like a western without hats. Sure, you can do it, but why would you try?''' ,'''I don't think a lot of people gave 'Beavis & Butt-Head' credit for how subtle it could be.''' ,'''I think what people like about people is when they live their life the way they want to live it, unapologetically, and if they're being true to themselves.''' ,'''Eric McCormack is directing talent waiting to happen.''' ,'''I think there is sort of a disconnect in this country between people that served in the military, understand the culture of it and what it is, and the people who only know what they see on the news and read - and they don't really get a feel for the culture.''' ,'''If I'm in something funny, I like to try and find some kind of serious line in it that people can relate to.''' ,'''The real intimidating stuff is the scene where you show up for the first day. You kind of square off, and that is where you look each other in the eye.''' ,'''My main position on karaoke is just say no. I also think there should be a cut-off level where, once you reach a certain amount of talent or ability, you shouldn't be allowed to do karaoke anymore. Go get a band and actually do that. There's no need to show everybody else up.''' ,'''Everybody thinks that actors would be really good at bluffing, but I think it's a little backward.''' ,'''Good actors, you always know what they're thinking. That's why they're good actors.''' ,'''We sort of think that science is about the known, but science is really about exploring the unknown.''' ,'''In corporate levels, it's all about tailoring your shirt and which tennis club you belong to and which watch you are wearing and what did you shoot last week?''' ,'''An actor's career doesn't feel like just one career to me. It feels like about five or six. Because every six or seven years, you look in the mirror and you have a completely different product.''' ,'''We don't plan to be good or bad. We just think, 'What do I want now? I want coffee now. I want the paper now.'''' ,'''Life is not always like chess. Just because you have the king surrounded, don't think he is not capable of hurting you.''' ,'''I'm a fan of 'Family Guy,' and I like watching the show.''' ,'''Any time you do physical stuff, violence, it is controlled. It's a little bit like you block the move.''' ,''''Rocky' I tend to watch through to the end every time.''' ,'''It all comes down to probable cause: If you think something's up, maybe you gotta take a look.''' ,'''It's got to be weird to sit in an office all day and deal with these creative types without having any idea of what they do or how they do it.''' ,'''I'd say 50 on men is like 33 on women in Hollywood. The standards - it's just the way we do our storytelling. And I hope it will change, because I think it's dumb.''' ,'''I saw 'The Shining' really young. I don't think it scarred me, but I had a paper route, and I delivered to some apartment buildings, and it made it a little scary to walk down those hallways.''' ,'''In real life, I know to filter all my jerk opinions and my jerk thoughts and my jerk desires.''' ,'''I have a short attention span, so I go through short nerd-out phases.''' ,'''People who are deceptive themselves have a really good ear for deception. They know when somebody's telling the truth or not, and so one of the ways around that is to always be telling the truth - or some version of it.''' ,'''The first film where I had a speaking role was 'The Low Life,' but I did appear for about three seconds in 'Straight Talk' with Dolly Parton and James Woods. I had a line, and it was cut. It was alright: I got my AEU card anyway.''' ,'''There is technique to it-he is just standing there flexing his arm, and I am standing there making faces as if I am being choked. You keep your head in a certain angle for the camera.''' ,'''In college, I actually did some work on a documentary project talking to Vietnam vets about the images of war and how it changed. When they grew up, it was like 'Sands of Iwo Jima' and there was this, you know - after Vietnam, there was a whole different way of looking at war.''' ,'''My favorite characters that I've gotten to do are the ones that surprised me the most.''' ,'''If you play your cards right things are going to happen in the long run. In the short run, it is anybody's guess.''' ,'''The funny thing about 'Office Space' is I almost never get my lines quoted back to me.''' ,'''I would worry if people always associated me with Larry Sokolov.''' ,'''It can be liberating to get fired because you realize the world doesn't end. There's other ways to make money, better jobs.''' ,'''Management don't really have any problem at all with firing people. It's a powerful idea that, If I'm not happy, I'll quit. I'll try something else!''' ,'''I don't always get to do a lot of bad guys.''' ,'''I'm definitely guilty of turning tail and running in places in my life. It's the lack of courage, really.''' ,'''A lot of the stuff I have done had been not only the likable guy, but like the nice likable guy.''' ,]
+++