+++
author = "Tupac Shakur"
title = "Tupac Shakur Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Tupac Shakur Quotes"
keywords = "tupac shakur,tupac shakur quotes,tupac shakur quote,tupac shakur sayings,tupac shakur saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I just don't know how to deal with so many people giving me that much affection. I never had that in my life.''' ,'''Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real.''' ,'''I would rather have been shot straight-up in cold blood-but to be set up? By people who you trusted? That's bad.''' ,'''Thug Life to me is dead.''' ,'''Dre was one of my heros in the music industry. If he's not down for his homeboys, I don't wanna be a part of him or around him.''' ,'''I don't see myself being special; I just see myself having more responsibilities than the next man. People look to me to do things for them, to have answers.''' ,'''I'll probably be punished for hard living.''' ,'''If I win and get the money, then the Oakland Police department is going to buy a boys' home, me a house, my family a house, and a Stop Police Brutality Center.''' ,'''I'm 23 years old. I might just be my mother's child, but in all reality, I'm everybody's child. Nobody raised me; I was raised in this society.''' ,'''It seems like every time you come up something happens to bring you back down.''' ,'''Is it a crime, to fight, for what is mine?''' ,'''I don't have no fear of death. My only fear is coming back reincarnated.''' ,'''I worked hard all my life as far as this music business. I dreamed of the day when I could go to New York and feel comfortable and they could come out here and be comfortable.''' ,'''The only time I have problems is when I sleep.''' ,'''In my mind I'm a blind man doin' time.''' ,'''Let the Lord judge the criminals.''' ,'''My mama always used to tell me: 'If you can't find somethin' to live for, you best find somethin' to die for.'''' ,'''When you do rap albums, you got to train yourself. You got to constantly be in character.''' ,'''If you believe in God, believe in Death Row East.''' ,'''It's the game of life. Do I win or do I lose? One day they're gonna shut the game down. I gotta have as much fun and go around the board as many times as I can before it's my turn to leave.''' ,'''There's nobody in the business strong enough to scare me.''' ,'''I just spent 11 and a half months in a maximum-security jail, got shot five times, and was wrongly convicted of a crime I didn't commit.''' ,'''With all my fans I got a family again.''' ,'''Somebody help me, tell me where to go from here cause even Thugs cry, but do the Lord care?''' ,'''I think I'm a natural-born leader. I know how to bow down to authority if it's authority that I respect.''' ,'''I'm a reflection of the community.''' ,'''We all gonna die, we bleed from similar veins.''' ,'''All I'm trying to do is survive and make good out of the dirty, nasty, unbelievable lifestyle that they gave me.''' ,'''It's a struggle for every young Black man. You know how it is, only God can judge us.''' ,'''The only thing that comes to a sleeping man is dreams.''' ,'''America wants its respect.''' ,'''Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever.''' ,'''What I learned in jail is that I can't change. I can't live a different lifestyle - this is it. This is the life that they gave and this is the life that I made.''' ,]
+++