+++
author = "Cris Cyborg"
title = "Cris Cyborg Quotes"
quotes_len = "98"
description = "the best 98 Cris Cyborg Quotes"
keywords = "cris cyborg,cris cyborg quotes,cris cyborg quote,cris cyborg sayings,cris cyborg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I always live my life for God.''' ,'''When I started training, I learned a lot, you know - respect. I think you learn a lot of things, and kids should learn mixed martial arts for discipline.''' ,'''I've already overcome a lot of things in my career, and if I don't fight in the UFC anymore, for sure I'm gonna find other ways to keep growing my legacy.''' ,'''I'm always prepared for five, six rounds. I train hard. Sometimes it's over quickly, but you have to be prepared for every round, always respecting your opponent.''' ,'''I never say bad things about my opponent.''' ,'''People say what they want in interviews, but when they get a contract, they say other things.''' ,'''If I make 140, I sacrifice a lot of things in my life: my diet, my training, my thyroid. It's insane to make 140.''' ,'''I think each fight is a challenge for me.''' ,'''Who inside MMA that's a champion goes to fight Muay Thai? Nobody. But I love competing.''' ,'''I'm always ready for a fight.''' ,'''Beauty doesn't win a fight.''' ,'''A champion must be ready at all times.''' ,'''Tito Ortiz and I, in that short time that we worked together, we created a very nice connection. We became a family. I learned many things from him as he must also have learned from me. We talked as friends, and a good friend always wants your best.''' ,'''I think it would be the biggest fight ever. Me and Ronda Rousey. Everybody wanna watch.''' ,'''If Amanda Nunes truly wants an opportunity at the 145-lb. belt, a win against any ranked contender in that division would help establish her back in a weight class she left before fighting me.''' ,'''I think everyone has something special. I respect all my opponents. I've learned something from all my fights.''' ,'''Love me or hate me, it's all in my favor. If you love me, I'll always be in your heart. If you hate me, I'll always be in your mind.''' ,'''Sometimes people fight with injuries and nobody knows, so it's important for the fans to see what we do to - for everything.''' ,'''Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose, but you learn.''' ,'''I always admired Dana White as a great businessman that always believed in MMA and helped our sport to grow around the world.''' ,'''I train year-round.''' ,'''Everyone's style is different, but I have a lot of things in my game the people don't know.''' ,'''I never turn down fights. Anybody who follows my career knows that I accept fights.''' ,'''Who's the best MMA fighter of all times? I always left that for fans to decide.''' ,'''Everybody has a game plan, but the plan changes after the first punch.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of Wanderlei Silva; he's a big international idol.''' ,'''As a World Champion, it is important that you face the #1 contender. That is what makes it sport and not entertainment; otherwise, what are the girls fighting at 145 lbs. training to work towards if they know they will never be given a title shot, even if they become the best in the world?''' ,'''Imagine Chael Sonnen walking into Chute Boxe and training with Wanderlei Silva, Anderson Silva, or any of the coaches. Do you think they would have let him train after all the things he said about Brazil? No. They would have defended Brazil's honor.''' ,'''I think when you call someone out, you have to be ready.''' ,'''I never choose my opponents.''' ,'''I'm open for big fights, and it would be my dream to make my division in the UFC.''' ,'''What wins a fight is training hard, working hard, and that's what I do: Train hard every time. Being pretty or not is not the point.''' ,'''I like to compete in everything - I like to compete in jiu-jitsu, I like to compete in wrestling and Muay Thai, and if I have a chance to compete in boxing one day, why not?''' ,'''Trash talk is not my thing. I believe I have other weapons to make a fight get booked.''' ,'''I love to fight. Keeping me at home without a fight is the same to offer candy to a kid and then take it away. That's why I'm always competing in other martial arts. That keeps me motivated to train and helps me learn even more.''' ,'''I love training - I train a lot - but for 140, it's worse. You have to run every day. I ran six miles in the morning, six miles at night and train MMA and other arts, too. It's a lot of work, a lot of work.''' ,'''I really want to fight Ronda. The problem is, I can't drop to 135.''' ,'''I'm a woman, but I want to fight the same as a man.''' ,'''A fighter has to be prepared for anyone, to train every day. That's what I learned at Chute Boxe.''' ,'''I love to fight, but it's not just about the fight. You have to be healthy.''' ,'''I had trouble making weight before in my career.''' ,'''It's good to train with someone better than you, because you evolve; you see more things.''' ,'''I'm a two-time world champion in jiu-jitsu. I can try to submit you.''' ,'''I feel great at 145. This is my division. I'm open to fight anybody.''' ,'''I never hated Ronda. She's always talked about me; she did that to promote herself because when she started, nobody knew her, and she talked about me for people to know who she is. And she opened the doors for women's MMA.''' ,'''I respect all my opponents.''' ,'''Obviously I'm going to have haters.''' ,'''I cannot make 135 pounds healthily.''' ,'''I like to fight where people respect me.''' ,'''Both fighters can't win in this sport, so you have to leave it in God's hands. Losing is not the end of the world. Losing is natural; the better-prepared athlete will win.''' ,'''Gina Carano is a great athlete, and I'd be happy if she returns to MMA - doesn't matter if it's against Ronda.''' ,'''I believe that some athletes have fear, but you have to work on that. Athletes can't have fear. Fear of what? Fear of losing? Everybody loses one day.''' ,'''I think if you are champ, you shouldn't choose your opponents.''' ,'''In God I trust, so I'm kept going and kept training to follow my dream.''' ,'''I like training hard. I like to punch the face. I like getting punched in the face.''' ,'''Holly Holm was a boxer for a long time, and Leslie Smith comes from muay thai. It's different. Holly is more defensive, while Leslie comes forward.''' ,'''I want to make super fun fights for all my fans so people will remember me.''' ,'''I think Ronda's biggest fear was losing to me, so if we were to do it in WWE, she would have to win. I don't have such a big ego, but if we were to put on a show for the fans, something like that, no problem.''' ,'''Not a lot of girls can KO fighters. I KO all the girls.''' ,'''Man, I got to say I love my haters because they challenge myself... it challenges me. It challenges me to be better. It challenges me to show who I am and that I deserve to be who I am.''' ,'''I'm proud to know that I never needed an event to promote me, and I never had to lie about anyone.''' ,'''I fight for the women. I try to do my best inside the Octagon to fight like a man; then, people will respect girls in the Octagon.''' ,'''I have a lot of things that people say about me on the Internet. I have bad things that I don't want to remember now. It's hard to delete.''' ,'''I want to make great fights, emotional fights, for all my fans and everyone watching.''' ,'''I'm known worldwide for my talent and my team, Chute Boxe.''' ,'''Nothing is impossible for God.''' ,'''I fight the same as a man. I train the same as a man. I think this is different from other girls.''' ,'''I love striking, but MMA and Muay Thai are different.''' ,'''Losing a fight, winning - it happens.''' ,'''I think when I fight, I make it exciting. I like to excite the fans.''' ,'''I believe I deserve to be respected as an athlete because I'm a pioneer in this sport.''' ,'''God has good plans for me.''' ,'''If you hold the belt, you have to fight anybody.''' ,'''My job is fighting.''' ,'''If I don't have a division in the UFC, I'm going to go to another company like Rizin or Bellator or another organization where they have my division.''' ,'''In reality, we can only talk about things that we already overcame in our minds.''' ,'''If you have the belt, you have to fight anyone.''' ,'''I have jiu-jitsu, wrestling... I like to do everything, especially knocking people out. People like fights like that.''' ,'''I don't want to talk trash about somebody: I want to prove it inside the cage.''' ,'''When you're a true fighter, you fight everyone.''' ,'''If I can make a superfight so when I finish my career I can say, 'You remember this fight with Ronda, with Holly Holm,' something nice that I can talk about with my kids or my friends - I'm open to make superfights.''' ,'''I think, as a professional, inside the cage you can fix anything.''' ,'''I have a dream fight - boxing fight - and I am for sure gonna fight a boxing fight.''' ,'''I was a very good athlete: actually professional in the sport of handball.''' ,'''I think when you lose the fight, it's not the end of the world. You can keep training and catch up and try again better, you know?''' ,'''I'm the world champ at 145. Why do I have to go down a division? Of course I want to make the fights nice for the fans, but I don't want to do something to make my life terrible.''' ,'''My first opportunity in the UFC was to cut to 140 pounds. This was too tough for me, but by me going through that, it opened the door for a 145-pound division.''' ,'''I think I did a lot for my division. My division is my story.''' ,'''I'm already used to being a target, so I'm building a castle with the stones people throw at me.''' ,'''I train everything: I train wrestling; I train jiu-jitsu. I like to suplex people. I like ground-and-pound, but in my fight, I never have the opportunity.''' ,'''I'm calm some days, sweet some days.''' ,'''I love my job. I love to fight, and I love to compete.''' ,'''If my boss and my company loves working with me, we're gonna have a lot of success together.''' ,'''It's no secret that the UFC doesn't promote Brazilians.''' ,'''I think when you train in just one sport separately, you learn more.''' ,'''You cannot make a person want to fight.''' ,'''I never choose my opponents, but I think the biggest fight that everybody wants to watch, the fans want to watch, is me and Ronda.''' ,'''I think God wants the best for me.''' ,]
+++