+++
author = "James Mcgreevey"
title = "James Mcgreevey Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 James Mcgreevey Quotes"
keywords = "james mcgreevey,james mcgreevey quotes,james mcgreevey quote,james mcgreevey sayings,james mcgreevey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I kept a steel wall around my moral and sexual instincts - protecting them, I thought, from the threats of the real world. This gave me a tremendous advantage in politics, if not in my soul. The true me, my spiritual core, slipped further and further from reach.''' ,'''I am a gay American.''' ,'''As a child, recognizing my difference from other kids, I went to the local public library to try to better understand my reality. Back then, many library card catalogues didn't even list 'homosexuality' as a topic.''' ,'''We are losing sight of civility in government and politics. Debate and dialogue is taking a back seat to the politics of destruction and anger and control. Dogma has replaced thoughtful discussion between people of differing views.''' ,'''I try to be grateful for the abundance of the blessings that I have, for the journey that I'm on and to relish each day as a gift.''' ,'''I think - I think you have a conscience growing up in a loving family with a nurturing community. And I think what happens is, and that's part of the problem of being in the closet which is a very sick place. I mean it's self loathing. It's self denial. And you keep that separate.''' ,'''I've never been much for self-revelation. In two decades of public life, I always approached the limelight with extreme caution. Not that I kept my personal life off-limits; rather, the personal life I put on display was a blend of fact and fiction.''' ,'''I am resigning because my secret leaves the governor's office vulnerable.''' ,'''No relief was forthcoming from my then-Catholic faith, which said the practice of homosexuality was a 'mortal sin' subject to damnation.''' ,'''Being gay is a fundamental part of my being - the core of who I've always been, and the thing that I had repressed and run from all my life.''' ,'''The arc of American history almost inevitably moves toward freedom. Whether it's Lincoln and the Emancipation Proclamation, the expansion of women's rights or, now, gay rights, I think there is an almost-inevitable march toward greater civil liberties.''' ,'''To be able to love and live in freedom means to be able to make godly decisions. To make godly decisions we have to surrender our egos and all the falsity and shame that goes with it.''' ,'''We need to have a purpose in this life. I'm pleading with you, I'm begging with you to do the right thing. And do it not for the sake of how it will impact your own lives, but only for the sake of doing the right thing.''' ,'''Civil union is less than marriage. Marriage is a sacred and valued institution and ought to be afforded equal protection.''' ,'''Because of an adulterous affair I shall leave office in November.''' ,'''The history of America is to expand civil liberties in a responsible and civil manner. We need to remember that our wonderful Democracy with its freedoms has been working.''' ,'''I have two extraordinary daughters, who, I can say proudly, are doing very well in school and in piano. Daughters are a father's joy.''' ,'''At different points in my life, I had grappled with the idea of going into the priesthood - in high school or law school. Where it ends, I'm not quite sure. Perhaps it ends with death, grappling with one's spirituality.''' ,'''When I came out publicly, some photo editors had a field day searching for pictures of me with a limp wrist or some other stereotypical gay signifier - as though, after decades in the public eye, they'd suddenly come across a trove of shots where I looked like a Cher impersonator.''' ,'''I do not believe that God tortures any person simply for its own sake. I believe that God enables all things to work for the greater good.''' ,'''Inauthenticity is endemic in American politics today. The political backrooms where I spent much of my career were just as benighted as my personal life, equally crowded with shadowy strangers and compromises, truths I hoped to deny. I lived not in one closet but in many.''' ,'''I was convinced I was worth less than my straight peers. I was at best inauthentic, and the longer I went without amending that dishonesty, the more ashamed I felt.''' ,'''I'm grateful for my brokenness. I'm grateful for my humility.''' ,'''When I first ran for public office, it was with the passion and idealism of a young man who believed that government could help make our lives better, that public service was a calling and that citizenship demanded responsibilities. There was a greater good.''' ,'''More than anything else I recall being, or trying very deliberately to be, a perfect child. Not a Goody Two-shoes, but a kid who did good, who worked hard and met every expectation. I strove to achieve in the excessive way that psychotherapists tend to regard with concern.''' ,'''As I climbed the electoral ladder - from state assemblyman to mayor of Woodbridge and finally to governor of New Jersey - political compromises came easy to me because I'd learned how to keep a part of myself innocent of them.''' ,'''I realized that I had screwed up my life living different parts of my life in different places. I wasn't whole. I wasn't integrated. I wasn't a complete person. And after that, came out, spent some time at a psychiatric hospital.''' ,'''I'm on the board of a national group called Faith in America. It's designed to fight religious-based bigotry.''' ,'''I engaged in an adult consensual affair with another man.''' ,'''At a point in every person's life, one has to look deeply into the mirror of one's soul and decide one's unique truth in the world, not as we may want to see it or hope to see it, but as it is.''' ,'''You know for many elected officials they all started in the same place. You know marriage is between a man and a woman, but they understand that they are moving inevitably, catching up to the American public.''' ,'''But being in the closet uniquely assisted me in politics. From my first run for the state legislature until my election as governor, all too often I was not leading but following my best guess at public opinion.''' ,'''Throughout my life, I have grappled with my own identity, who I am. As a young child, I often felt ambivalent about myself, in fact, confused.''' ,'''I'm enjoying prison ministry, particularly with the women in Hudson County Jail who have suffered tremendously in their lives.''' ,'''When you're a young kid and you're gay, you're out there on your own. And you're trying to figure this thing out. And your parents typically aren't gay.''' ,'''For me, living in the closet corroded my ability to have an honest, open relationship with my God, my loved ones, my constituency and myself.''' ,'''I realized that my truest passion was for helping people change through faith in a higher power. That meant, for me, belonging to the church. Using my abilities to bring Christian doctrine to a postmodern world.''' ,'''Of all my false identities, the strategies in my campaign to be accepted, being a sworn Republican is the hardest to explain. In my later political life, I can only be described as a Kennedy Democrat, eager to pursue equitable treatment for the least fortunate.''' ,'''We need to seek wise leaders who will seek common ground among Americans instead of dividing us further for political gain. As citizens, we must embrace those who embrace ideas, thoughtfulness, civility and kindness to others no matter what their political beliefs.''' ,'''I knew I was different when I was about six years of age but I just knew that I wasn't like everybody else. I mean I wasn't like the other kids. I didn't know what that was. But I guess it was when I was in seventh or eighth grade, I'm like, 'Hey, something's wrong here.'''' ,]
+++