+++
author = "Greg Kinnear"
title = "Greg Kinnear Quotes"
quotes_len = "56"
description = "the best 56 Greg Kinnear Quotes"
keywords = "greg kinnear,greg kinnear quotes,greg kinnear quote,greg kinnear sayings,greg kinnear saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Talking about corporations - they're so big. There's not a person at a corporation.''' ,'''There's something in human nature, the trying-to-get-on-with-it quality of people, the struggle to maintain or keep the show going can be exhausting.''' ,'''The tragic element of a character is always intriguing I think.''' ,'''You don't get to pick your partners in families; you get assigned a seat at the table.''' ,'''I went door-to-door selling cable television subscriptions when I was in college. Not to date myself, but cable was just coming on. I had terrible territories, and they would give me $25, if I got somebody to let them come and just put the little cord in their house.''' ,'''We all have to lead double lives, not just celebrities. The face we put on publicly with our jobs and certain situations. I think that's part of the human condition.''' ,'''It's not easy to tell a story about writers and make that feel like a complete story and an interesting story.''' ,'''The irony is that you can't use real rain to make movies.''' ,'''A man always looks good in a dark suit.''' ,'''I was always explaining why my term papers were never on time. I think that's where I got my acting training!''' ,'''I'm happy to report that everybody whose face I've wanted to punch on Earth has already been punched.''' ,'''Well, I don't know what image people have of me.''' ,'''I'm a terrible procrastinator. When we go to the airport, if they're not literally closing the door behind my sweaty, hyperventilating body, I feel I've been there too long.''' ,'''Cat lovers turn into cat collectors.''' ,'''I don't consider a lot of actors that I really admire movie stars.''' ,'''I can't not find humor in elements of most parts of life, but at the same time nothing ever seems perpetually funny to me.''' ,'''Let's keep the chemists over here and the food over here, that's my feeling. What do I know? But that is a big aspect of fast food is their ability to artificially taint the colors and the smells and stuff to stimulate appetite.''' ,'''I don't think there's any connection between my journalism career and my film career. They are two totally different mediums and very different skills.''' ,'''I'm very leery of show business, having been in Los Angeles for the last 10 years. Buzz is a dangerous thing that I've heard applied to a lot of people that I've since not heard of again.''' ,'''Same job, whether it's comedy or drama. Regardless of the weight of the role, I feel like the job is always kind of the same. Who is this person? What's this guy here, and how is he playing with this thing, and what's he trying to say? And what's the volley with all these other people around him?''' ,'''Part of filmmaking is always a guessing game, and part of it is always a game of trust.''' ,'''If you're working on a movie, you want it to be projected on the largest tapestry possible, and the sound to be perfect, and for that kind of communal experience of the movies to take place for it.''' ,'''I have always been interested in the concept of ruin.''' ,'''Here's the thing about movies, all movies end up on television. That's their life. Whether you like it or not, I don't care how much money you spend on it, or how big or broad the film is, or who the actors are in it, eventually it's all coming out of the box.''' ,'''There's times when I'll see a show, or something cooking on TV, and think, 'That can really be fun when it's working.' But it's a grind. I did that at NBC, it was five days a week. I was doing 'Talk Soup' and 'Later' at the same time. It's a hard job, more difficult than people realize.''' ,'''I was 12 when my parents told me we were moving to Lebanon. I remember thinking, 'Leba-who?' I had absolutely no concept of the place.''' ,'''I have a very well organized closet.''' ,'''I was just a quiet kid, really. I wasn't the class clown at all.''' ,'''Ultimately, I'm not so sure that, as a person, I'm all that interesting.''' ,'''I really don't make a concerted effort to try to find a type of role. Maybe I've just done enough of them now where people are like, 'Oh, it's the guy that's in a swirling vortex of despair, send it to Kinnear!' I don't really know, but it does seem to be a recurring theme.''' ,'''Everybody's family has problems.''' ,'''There's no harmony in most people in a way, and I'm attracted to it, and I think it makes for good storytelling.''' ,'''Of course, actors look forward to the day when they can do a big courtroom scene.''' ,'''I find fear is a great motivator to work hard.''' ,'''I was a halfback on an American football team in Athens, Greece - the Kississia Colts - where I went to high school, and we took the Cup my senior year. The downside, and somewhat unfortunate piece of information I have to pass on, is there were only two teams in the league because of the limited amount of Americans.''' ,'''I've always thought Mexico City was incredibly dynamic.''' ,'''My grandfather had two boys, my uncle had three boys, my dad had me and my two brothers, each of my brothers have had two boys. Then something happened with the chromosomal experiment and suddenly I've got three girls.''' ,'''My family moved - first to Washington, D.C., and then, in the spring of 1975, to Lebanon, where my father worked as a diplomat at the American embassy. My parents were enthusiastic about the move, so my older brother and I felt like we were off to some place kind of cool.''' ,'''Whenever Hollywood gets involved with real life events, certain liberties have to be taken.''' ,'''When I look back on my childhood, I think of that short time in Beirut. I know that seeing the city collapse around me forced me to grasp something many people miss: the fragility of peace.''' ,'''You learn more about a person from the people around that person than you do from the person themselves. We all have our own ideas of who we are that may or may not be justified, and you can really find out a heck of a lot more accurately from the people around an individual.''' ,'''I've never had a clear road map. When things come along, I benefit.''' ,'''Audiences don't ever disappoint me, in the sense that movies I feel really good about, they usually feel really good about too.''' ,'''We all have our own ideas of who we are that may or may not be justified, and you can really find out a heck of a lot more accurately from the people around an individual.''' ,'''The automotive corporations, including Ford, I think are in the business of trying to make cars that people will drive.''' ,'''I've never felt like my career has been on fire.''' ,'''I like the classics!''' ,'''Setting goals can blind you to opportunities. You might be trying to get to point C. When opportunity B comes, you don't even look at it because you're going straight to C.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I was obsessed with this idea of opening a restaurant back in Indiana on a little pond. The guests would order their dinner and then take a little boat out with a colored flag on the front of it. When the matching color of the flag on their boat went up on a flag pole, their dinner was ready!''' ,'''I really don't make a concerted effort to try to find a type of role.''' ,'''I like complicated characters.''' ,'''Sometimes I look back and think, 'Good. I'd love to go in and bang out a good episode of 'Talk Soup' today.'''' ,'''I do give a great deal of forethought and zone in on character and all sorts of things like that. Never before have I just stuffed something away in the back cupboard of my brain because it was just such a crazy concept.''' ,'''Good scripts and interesting stories are hard enough to find.''' ,'''In my sophomore year, a kid told me that the secret to getting women is to play really, really hard to get. I followed his advice, and I didn't have so much as a date that year.''' ,''''Little Miss Sunshine' snowballed. It was a tiny movie. We shot it in 30 days, and it was really fun to do, but it was one of those small movies that you don't hold out huge hope for.''' ,]
+++