+++
author = "Sergio Garcia"
title = "Sergio Garcia Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Sergio Garcia Quotes"
keywords = "sergio garcia,sergio garcia quotes,sergio garcia quote,sergio garcia sayings,sergio garcia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I'm playing my best and find myself in contention late on Sundays, it's usually when I'm not thinking about my swing, but rather trusting my setup and smoothly pulling the trigger. I won't completely rely on feel - I like to keep a few images in the back of my mind to make sure that I get the most out of my driver, irons and wedges.''' ,'''Your woods, irons and wedges are built with specific lengths and lie angles, which demand that you stand to the ball a little differently for each one. The secret is to know which elements of your address position remain constant, and which ones you have to tweak to match the club in your hand.''' ,'''Whether it's golf or writing, you have friends, and then you have 'friends' friends. Friends who are like family. I can count my close friends on two hands, which is good, I think. That's a lot. Some are at home in Spain, others are elsewhere, and some are in golf.''' ,'''Copy my favorite moves and my Tour-proven setup positions, and you'll start catching it on the sweet spot every time, with every club in your bag.''' ,'''I am competitive, and I like to be as competitive as possible in anything I do.''' ,'''To concentrate intensely for 4 and a half hours, that's too hard for me. Too tiring. I concentrate 'lo maximo' on the 'golpe,' the stroke, but between strokes I'm interacting with the crowd or laughing with my caddie, talking about the spectators, the cute girls.''' ,'''Obviously, the good thing about golf, it's difficult to really, really blow it after five holes unless it goes really, really, really... really, really, really wrong. But you still have 13 to go, and if you have a good run, where you make five or six birdies, you can get it back somehow.''' ,'''I'd like to have longer hair, but mine just doesn't grow.''' ,'''I love movies, of course. 'Terminator 3' and 'Bad Boys II' - lots of action. Sports movies, action movies, comedies - I'll go to those, but not 'las de amor.' Not romance. It's not that I don't like love, but on the screen it bores me.''' ,'''When it comes to hitting solid drives, the secret is to swing within yourself. I know that sounds like a cliche, but it's true. If you swing at 100 miles per hour and hit it on the toe, you won't hit the ball as far as you would with an 80-mph swing that catches the ball in the center of the clubface.''' ,'''I've had opportunities. But winning a major is not only about playing well. It's about having 'winner's luck.' I had winner's luck in 1999 at Medinah, but it didn't take me all the way.''' ,'''It's nice to have other hobbies, other than golf. I've played football, I play tennis. I enjoy doing things other than golf, and poker is one of them.''' ,'''I don't apologize for my clothes. There are a lot of bad dressers in golf, and I don't think I'm one of them. There are a lot of bad dressers in every business.''' ,'''I am what I am. I love golf, I love my life, I love my family and friends.''' ,'''I've always felt I should do things 100 percent or not do them. It's all or nothing. That's what makes me a good athlete - doing things with all the 'ganas' I can.''' ,'''With iTunes and Spotify and Pandora and this and that, you don't need to buy CDs any more.''' ,]
+++