+++
author = "Queen Rania Of Jordan"
title = '''I'd rather be dealt with as a person than a persona. With my children, I'm just 'Mom.' At the end of the day, the position is just a position, a title is just a title, and those things come and go. It's really your essence and your values that are important.'''
description = '''the best Queen Rania Of Jordan Quote: I'd rather be dealt with as a person than a persona. With my children, I'm just 'Mom.' At the end of the day, the position is just a position, a title is just a title, and those things come and go. It's really your essence and your values that are important.'''
slug = '''id-rather-be-dealt-with-as-a-person-than-a-persona-with-my-children-im-just-mom-at-the-end-of-the-day-the-position-is-just-a-position-a-title-is-just-a-title-and-those-things-come-and-go-its-really-your-essence-and-your-values-that-are-important'''
keywords = '''I'd rather be dealt with as a person than a persona. With my children, I'm just 'Mom.' At the end of the day, the position is just a position, a title is just a title, and those things come and go. It's really your essence and your values that are important.,queen rania of jordan,queen rania of jordan quotes,queen rania of jordan quote,queen rania of jordan sayings,queen rania of jordan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation'''
+++
I'd rather be dealt with as a person than a persona. With my children, I'm just 'Mom.' At the end of the day, the position is just a position, a title is just a title, and those things come and go. It's really your essence and your values that are important.
