+++
author = "Shiv Nadar"
title = "Shiv Nadar Quotes"
quotes_len = "93"
description = "the best 93 Shiv Nadar Quotes"
keywords = "shiv nadar,shiv nadar quotes,shiv nadar quote,shiv nadar sayings,shiv nadar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In South, getting admission in SSN is not possible just because someone is my relative. One of the ministers said SSN is the only institution where I can't get a seat for anyone. That's true of Uttar Pradesh and Delhi governments, too.''' ,'''I was with top CEOs in 2009, and they were clearly shaken. Top leaders of Wall Street and elsewhere, shaken. The ones at the top did get by because if they are seeing a decline somewhere, there is also growth elsewhere, like in emerging economies.''' ,'''To us, the definition of philanthropy is what we spend. A P&L account means expenditure, lines of revenue. There is a surplus; it goes to the balance sheet. A transparent foundation should disclose this.''' ,'''Buffett gave significant portions of his wealth to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Buffett made money for 50 years before he donated.''' ,'''After Independence, there were periods of very high taxation. So you didn't create wealth, how will you distribute it? When was the first time capital gains tax was introduced? It was 1992 March. Till then, everything was taxed one way.''' ,'''A founder can carry an institution only so far, and then others have to step in, even the alumni. That's how an institution becomes one.''' ,'''Any school which wants to create an impact on the society should work on creating leaders.''' ,'''One time, the teacher was the storehouse of knowledge. That will no longer be so. So what would a teacher do? A very good teacher will play the role of augmenter. Also, the teacher will be located anywhere and helping students.''' ,'''Globally, as work is re-distributed to various countries, infrastructure will have to be managed remotely.''' ,'''I was the seventh child in a family of eight siblings. We lost our father very young, and my mother had pretty much single-handedly brought us up.''' ,'''In large companies, the CEO is very distant from operations.''' ,'''In the future, there are going to be various components of doing business that have to be looked at.''' ,'''Even before the world had any cognizance of India as an economy, HCL had made a mark with its microprocessor in the '80s. HCL pioneered modern computing.''' ,'''I was born in Tamil Nadu. I built HCL in UP. The first computers of the world were built in UP, and the UP government has supported us all through.''' ,'''A press statement may be given with a very good intention, but it says nothing beyond it. If it comes from corporations they run, then it is corporate social responsibility (CSR). That's different from philanthropy. CSR is a lot of shareholders, including me.''' ,'''The anti-Hindi agitation changed the entire face of Tamil Nadu with a local party emerging on the top, relegating the Congress.''' ,'''Research is creation of knowledge which leads to new and efficient solutions for the society. Shiv Nadar University, therefore, believes in being at the forefront of research. To create new knowledge, one needs to solve open-ended problems, which basically make one think on one's own.''' ,'''An 18-year-old is good enough for our business, and we can teach them engineering in two years.''' ,'''I firmly believe that philanthropy is most effective and outcome-oriented when you ensure that your pledge actually gets spent.''' ,'''I admire companies that give back to communities. It is an absolute essential for organizations to watch, mitigate, and improve their impact on the environment, people, communities, their health and overall well-being. But this is a necessary condition, not a sufficient condition.''' ,'''Like education, healthcare also needs to be given importance.''' ,'''We didn't create an institution to increase land value or asset value.''' ,'''Supposing I write out a cheque for a billion dollars to the foundation, does it mean anything? There must be evidence of philanthropy. Otherwise, I'm sitting with that money, earning interest exactly the way in my holding company.''' ,'''If you get to think of sharing wealth with people who need it and the purposes that need it, it gives a very different sense of satisfaction. I think I can build an institution which is very unlike the Gates' foundation. Gates' foundation is totally project-driven, that will serve a specific purpose and then self-destruct.''' ,'''I believe good corporate governance is critical in enhancing competitiveness and creating industry - leading profitable growth and superior returns for every stakeholder of the institution.''' ,'''Since its inception, HCL's core focus area has been technology and product development, and hence, we continued to remain in the high end of technology throughout the '90s.''' ,'''My colleagues and I were engineers who worked for DCM's calculator division. These electronic calculators used digital integrated circuits, and then they started using chips. The advanced versions of those chips were used for programmable calculators, which were the forerunners of PCs.''' ,'''I am good at conceptualizing and building institutions.''' ,'''A residential school also takes cares of the problem of malnourishment and interaction with their peers, and their teachers help build the qualities of a leader.''' ,'''Our belief is that aspirations, meritocracy, and a world class institution are the three ingredients our country needs.''' ,'''The Bharat Ram family was into philanthropy a way earlier. They build institutes such as Shri Ram College of Commerce, Lady Shri Ram College, and Shri Ram Schools. They are very inspiring.''' ,'''The SSN Institute will be expanded in areas such as liberal arts, social sciences, natural sciences, communications.''' ,'''At the undergraduate level, SNU has a unique 'Opportunities for Undergraduate Research' programme. Students are encouraged to undertake research programmes at the undergraduate level and get trained in the interdisciplinary research.''' ,'''When you live away from your family, your friends and faculty become your family.''' ,'''When you take the best of universities in the world, all of them have research and education contiguous; the person who teaches you could be a Nobel laureate. Some subjects are at the tri-junction of many subjects put together.''' ,'''We invited HP executives to participate in the management and in the board. HCL had this concept of corporate officers since inception in 1999. We had a remuneration committee. Now everyone is talking about nomination and remuneration committee. We had this from 1999.''' ,'''I have talked about the 'fractal organization'. Those smaller pieces should innovate and lead the rest of the organization. There will be parts that will be thinking about technologies of the future, and you need to nourish them.''' ,'''If you look at the leading Indian IT companies, Cognizant is not active in business process outsourcing, and neither is Satyam.''' ,'''On Sundays, we would travel to the town and watch English movies. This way, we must have ended up watching some 1,000 movies during college.''' ,'''What happens to a private company that comes out with a quarterly report and an annual report? It gives transparency. It talks of basic issues of governance and transactions with related parties.''' ,'''Government, in its ultimate form, is the biggest philanthropher based in the world. And Bill Gates also said that he could do a small part of what the government can do, which is business philanthropy, equalling people and making sure there is inclusiveness.''' ,'''If you go to Wall Street, there is someone from Harvard, Stanford, etc, who relate to each other by the batch they studied in, the dorm they lived in, and so on.''' ,'''It's rare to find an Indian who speaks Chinese. It's rare to find a Chinese who can speak any of the Indian languages. Neither of them at the trading level - I want to repeat this, at the trading level - can speak English, either.''' ,'''We need schools like Doon and Mayo for the poor.''' ,'''As a product of education, I have always believed in the power of education as the most powerful, high-impact catalyst for transformation. Look at the impact that the Indian Institutes of Technology have had globally.''' ,'''When you are running a business, there is a constant need to reinvent oneself. One should have the foresight to stay ahead in times of rapid change and rid ourselves of stickiness in any form in the business.''' ,'''Each quarter, Indian IT firms publish their results, and these are broadcast on CNBC. From the comfort of their boardrooms, executives say how many new employees have been added, how many more Fortune 500 companies have been signed up as clients, how many million-dollar companies were added, and so on.''' ,'''A 5-acre school each in Noida and Gurgaon is what we have; it costs Rs. 50 crore to buy the land and another Rs. 50 crore to build the property. That's the capital cost alone.''' ,'''Union Budget 2012 has supported industry's long time demand to improve the provision and standards of education in the country.''' ,'''Major forces that have contributed to the evolution of philanthropy in India in the pre-modern era have mainly been driven by religion, family, and society. The Hindu teaching of 'daan' or 'giving' is present in different ways in almost every celebration or ritual.''' ,'''Re-skilling has to be much wider with a strong foundation.''' ,'''The future consists of cross specialisation; that is how university systems abroad have evolved.''' ,'''If you are calm about your ambitions, you become confident of achieving what you set out to do.''' ,'''Working with Roshni gives me lot of confidence. When I started SSN - in 1994, after a windfall gain from HCL-HP then - I was OK to do it alone. My brother, who was supposed to head it, passed away. We had a governing council to run it. That was a leap of faith, and we didn't know where we will get.''' ,'''I never second-judged my mother.''' ,'''If you have excellent people, then you have to give them the power.''' ,'''The younger you are, the more courage and audacity you will have to set long-term goals and be there to personally work towards your vision. You will have the confidence to take risks because you have time by your side. You can bring innovation into everything you do and constantly reinvent yourself.''' ,'''Since Graham Bell came up with telephony, it took 100 years for the way the technology has impacted our lives, the way we perceive the world.''' ,'''Any organisation has to go through at least one depression to see how it survives, and a normal economic cycle takes seven years.''' ,'''There is a disconnect in education and work. And corporates don't do a great job of skilling. In future, corporates and educational institutions will work closely.''' ,'''Adaptability and constant innovation is key to the survival of any company operating in a competitive market.''' ,'''I would like to share something that is being done extremely well by Bill Gates through the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. The foundation is only going to address areas which are seen by Bill or Melinda as ills of the world. The foundation has no perpetuity.''' ,'''At what age did Warren Buffett come into philanthropy? At 76. He gave a very good reason. He said his wife was considerably younger than him. And all Americans believe they would live till 80, and they do live till 80. He told his wife that when he is gone, she should take care of whatever they need to do.''' ,'''You have to be very skilled in this industry. I grew in this industry; we created the very beginnings of this industry. We made the first PCs (personal computers) in the world.''' ,'''Education is taken for granted. Teaching shops are different from building character.''' ,'''Most people make poor partners because their mental script has a defect. They believe focus means looking after their own interests. It's a script error.''' ,'''My daughter is very happy doing philanthropy, especially in the schools.''' ,'''We got our land at the right time, but when we go for additional land for our schools or the museum, there will be extra cost.''' ,'''My role in the business is to use my judgment. All these years of experience have given me a clear head, and I can give a nonpartisan view with a sense of distance.''' ,'''The need is schools dedicated exclusively to the rural segment. If we have a child from a village and a city studying in the same class room, the former is bound to lag behind because children from the urban areas have a better start.''' ,'''The moment I write out a cheque, it's an asset I have written off.''' ,'''Shiv Nadar University has five schools with 16 departments offering 14 undergraduate, 10 master's and 13 doctoral programmes. The demand for engineering courses - computer science, engineering, electronics, communication engineering, mechanical engineering - is slightly on the higher side compared to other engineering courses.''' ,'''The 1980s were fantastic. This was a time when we were at the peak of our creative work. The question of whether we would exist or not - something which everybody used to ask, including ourselves - stopped. Profits kept pace with growth requirements. HCL had credibility - that was the biggest barrier we had to break.''' ,'''HCL is a corporation. It is for profits. A corporation stands for its shareholders, its profits, its employees, its discoveries, and its customers.''' ,'''Education is a very large area, and we have our hands full. For example, SSN has to become a university; we have to keep adding departments like it is with universities in the U.S.''' ,'''Though easy to define, it is important to understand the significance of philanthropy. I believe it is really a state of mind: where one feels empowered and equipped to fill the huge gaps in the existing system.''' ,'''It is good to start as young as you can. What is more important is to carve out your vision and assess your readiness to start giving. Commitment and purpose are core to giving.''' ,'''The U.S. healthcare industry is undergoing radical transformation with the Affordable Care Act. Evolving thought and business models have little semblance to present mechanisms.''' ,'''We need a world class institution which will create leaders out of the children who have not had a good start in life.''' ,'''In philanthropy, you have to take the attitude of a mother... You have to be patient, and we have been very patient for a long time.''' ,'''My daughter has no interest in succeeding me in the business. She is going towards social entrepreneurship, an area she is interested in.''' ,'''Education is and will be the most powerful tool for individual and social change, and we must do all that it takes to facilitate it.''' ,'''When I got started in my own engineering course, my interest in physics and maths was very high. After all, engineering is all about applied maths and physics. If I were to learn anything further in physics or mathematics, it simply was not there.''' ,'''There is only one entity which I built, which is HCL. And the legacy which I want to leave behind that is in my name. There is only one thing which bears my name in the doorsteps - that is only the University and the foundation. And that legacy will not have a price tag.''' ,'''Any institutions' alumni are key to its growth. We are focused on giving a global experience to our students.''' ,'''The IP is a completely different side of the IT, and that is what we want Vijayawada for.''' ,'''The government of India is consistently very advanced. When the world was hesitant on UNIX, we were the first to move in; the RBI said that all banks will implement on UNIX. It worked!''' ,'''I was a very good student. But I didn't have the latitude to study more. I was never allowed to do anything cross-disciplinary. Why can't an engineering student learn physics?''' ,'''My student days in PSG saw three Prime Ministers, two wars, taught us courage, resilience, leadership and optimism.''' ,'''All businessmen - how do they communicate? God knows. Sign language, probably.''' ,'''Shiv Nadar University was established in 2011, and our first batch graduated in 2015. The first batch mostly had engineering courses and a B.Sc. programme in Mathematics.''' ,'''India's connection with philanthropy didn't begin with western influences. The connection with philanthropy is age-old and ingrained in our value systems.''' ,'''The FM proposed to set up a Credit Guarantee Fund to ensure better flow of funds to students.''' ,]
+++