+++
author = "Michael Lewis"
title = "Michael Lewis Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Michael Lewis Quotes"
keywords = "michael lewis,michael lewis quotes,michael lewis quote,michael lewis sayings,michael lewis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My judgement is not good when I am on a book tour. I am not thinking about it that much. What happens is I will go back home. I have a 4-year-old and a 1-year-old and a wife who is now taking care of them who is wondering where her husband is.''' ,'''Why pay $20 million to Harrison Ford? I don't even understand that. They think they have to do it... If someone puts a price on himself, that suggests he is irreplaceable, then he better find somewhere else to work.''' ,'''The sports world is an echo chamber. All it takes is one quote from a general manager and a thousand sports columns bloom.''' ,'''The Oakland clubhouse is a wonderful place. A lot of these guys feel like rejects. They were rejects and they feel - they can tell you how baseball screwed up.''' ,'''The Red Sox are a curious thing because so much here is media driven. You can't go fire half your scouts here because they are all friends with the local reporters. Your life is going to hell in the papers.''' ,'''The sentimentality of baseball is very deeply rooted in the American baseball fan. It is the one sport that is transmitted from fathers to sons.''' ,'''You want the book to be special, and they are not always going to be special, but at least you want that to be the ambition. So the only way that happens is if you are not pressing to write a book.''' ,'''I don't think there is a national pasttime. Watching TV is a national pasttime. Really. If there is a national pasttime, it is watching TV.''' ,'''People who think they know what they are talking about when they talk about baseball include the announcers and all of the sports press - no matter how much evidence you present them to the contrary they will continue to think that what they think is right.''' ,'''If you had to point to one thing that made it less likely that the Red Sox would win the World Series, I would say it was those people that go to Fenway Park to watch the games. And then the media around it.''' ,'''The Red Sox are the local scapegoats. It's hard enough to play baseball without being the local scapegoat too.''' ,'''There are several insights at the heart of the A's system that I think are wonderful for baseball. One, that it's a team game. That no one player is going to make that much of a difference to your team, so for god's sake don't go blow a quarter of your budget on one guy.''' ,'''There has been this - and it's reflected in the broadcasts - this moronic use of statistics. Which has suggested to everyone who is intelligent the use of statistics is moronic.''' ,'''Book tours are almost designed to beat out of an author any affection he has for his book.''' ,'''Baseball is this intense subculture that actually doesn't speak very much for the larger culture.''' ,'''In Japan, mothers insist on achievement and accomplishment as a sign of love and respect. Thus to fail places children in a highly shamed situation.''' ,'''I think that fans are always looking for someone to blame. Wouldn't it be nice if they looked in the mirror?''' ,]
+++