+++
author = "Jennifer Love Hewitt"
title = "Jennifer Love Hewitt Quotes"
quotes_len = "76"
description = "the best 76 Jennifer Love Hewitt Quotes"
keywords = "jennifer love hewitt,jennifer love hewitt quotes,jennifer love hewitt quote,jennifer love hewitt sayings,jennifer love hewitt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do love Italian food. Any kind of pasta or pizza. My new pig out food is Indian food. I eat Indian food like three times a week. It's so good.''' ,'''I love to take care of people, so I think I'd be a good vet. I always wanted to be a vet when I was little.''' ,'''You have to be very insensitive in order to have a cat, because I think they're very independent. When they're kittens, you think they're going to have a dog temperament in that they're going to run to the door when you get home, lick you on the face and cuddle with you all the time, but cats are not that way.''' ,'''You are the only person who can sell you, so you do spend a lot of time in your job by yourself everyday.''' ,'''Elizabeth Taylor taught me that if you do your hair and makeup first then take a hot bath right before you leave, it brings out your inner glow and takes away the powdery look from makeup. I do that right before every date.''' ,'''I think people are just intrigued with the supernatural. I mean, I know that I am. It's something that I find very interesting.''' ,'''In the morning, before I leave the house, I say five things I love about myself, like 'You have really pretty eyes.' That way I can go out into the world with that little bit of extra confidence.''' ,'''My greatest fear is speaking in public.''' ,'''I'm a hopeless romantic. It's disgusting. It really is. I've seen 'While You Were Sleeping', like, twenty times, and I still believe in the whole Prince Charming thing.''' ,'''Probably my biggest challenge is not eating all the food that I want to eat sometimes.''' ,'''I would just love once to be called sexy. Just because it would make me something other than cute.''' ,'''We originally developed 'The Client List' along with Lifetime as a TV movie - my manager and I became partners on the project. Then, we brought in Howard Braunstein on the project and produced it along with Lifetime.''' ,'''The fun part of being a girl is that there are little beauty things you can do to make yourself feel special.''' ,'''My greatest fear is speaking in public. You meet, like, um, people who just concentrate on me. I'd rather not have everyone focus on me.''' ,'''Sometimes I feel like the best role models and the people you should look up to most are the people who make mistakes because they show you how to overcome them and walk through that mistake with integrity and grace.''' ,'''I think we are ready to know that there are going to be people who are ready to save the world, who come out when you're in trouble and make sure that you're okay.''' ,'''I'd like to do 'My Best Friend's Wedding,' 'Pretty Woman,' Meg Ryan type stuff. Romantic comedies. I'd love to do some action stuff as well.''' ,'''When I meet young girls, I'm always like, 'Just do me one favour. Love what you look like right now - and remember I said it 10 years from now because it's the greatest gift I can give.'''' ,'''We have to be very careful about what we say out there to the masses in the entertainment industry because people are listening to every word, and they take it to heart.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be a mom. I had a great relationship with mine. I'm ready to pass on to my child all the great love that my mom had for me.''' ,'''I'm a relationship kind of girl. I like a twosome. Some people get excited about being single. I don't.''' ,'''I fall asleep feeling beautiful. Then, in the morning, before I leave the house, I say five things I love about myself, like 'You have really pretty eyes.' That way I can go out into the world with that little bit of extra confidence. It's a feel-good protein shake in my back pocket in case someone messes with me that day.''' ,'''I'm an actress, I live in L.A., I work in Hollywood. But I've learned that if you're too skinny, they'll say something about it. If you're not skinny enough, they'll say something about it. I just try to feel good in my own skin as much as I can.''' ,'''I'm very caring with animals. I think patience is a big deal, because animals are always jumping around. I love to take care of people, so I think I'd be a good vet. I always wanted to be a vet when I was little.''' ,'''I never really thought about being a role model. I started really young, so at 10 years old, I was still very much the person who needed role models. I wasn't really prepared to be one, but it's always something that I've taken very seriously.''' ,'''Television, for me, is great because I love to act, every day. I love to work that muscle. I love to learn, and I love to be able to just do what I love. It's when I'm at my best. So, I love TV for that reason because it's every day.''' ,'''I'm not into 'Let's go out with one guy on a Monday and another guy on a Wednesday' - that's just not me. I'm a relationship kind of girl. I like a twosome. Some people get excited about being single. I don't.''' ,'''The ultimate dream in life is to be able to do what you love and learn something from it.''' ,'''Most of the time I'm in khakis and a white T-shirt. I'm a total Gap girl. Super casual, hair in a pony tail and no makeup.''' ,''''The Client List' is my baby. I always tell people, 'It took nine months to put this project together because it is my baby.' And, it really did take that long!''' ,'''I watch 'The Voice' and 'American Idol,' and I sit in my Brookstone foot massager. It's so exciting at my house.''' ,'''I've actually worked out more pregnant than when I wasn't.''' ,'''Remember, your body is a temple, not a 7-Eleven.''' ,'''I'm a total junk food-er.''' ,'''And as a woman on television, I actually feel like you're more representative of women if you're - if you've got curves and if everything isn't super tight.''' ,'''Magazines and opinions of you and stuff like that, those will change, but your opinion of yourself does not have to based on what other people say. So I just learned that my inner voice has to be louder than their outside voice.''' ,'''There's a difference between wanting to be respected and being a strong female and being known for being able to do things, but still very much wanting guys to open the door, wanting them to ask us out, still bringing flowers and stuff like that.''' ,'''When I came to Los Angeles, it was the first time that I ever felt like I belong somewhere. Not because it was wacky, but because people here understood what I felt like to perform, and there were other kids my age who wanted to do it. I didn't get looked at as God, you freak.''' ,'''I love the Victoria's Secret Angels. They're sort of my gorgeous glamour heroes.''' ,'''I do find that as a curvy girl, as I guess I've sort of been deemed, I don't think you want to run your curves off, because then you're just not yourself.''' ,'''New clothes are a great way to deal after a breakup. A good mix CD also helps you get through it and... you know, 72 hours of ice cream.''' ,'''I'm a hopeless romantic. I love love. My middle name is Love. Valentine's Day is my favorite holiday. I want to have a family and children. I am a sucker for every romantic comedy that comes out.''' ,'''I'm not a person who naturally loves to wake up in the morning and go 'Yeah, I'm going to work out for five hours - wooh!' Like, that's not my thing. I'm from Texas. I like to eat carbs. I like to chill out with my friends and do anything but 150 push-ups and sit-ups.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be a mom because I want to give a kid all of the magical gifts my mom gave to me, such as love and friendship. She and I had this incredible connection that was so unbelievable.''' ,'''I would really like to do a really cool one-hour show, maybe on, like, HBO or something like that; or something that I've spent a couple of years developing so it would be exactly the character and exactly in with a huge push behind it; or I would maybe want to do a sitcom; something light and funny.''' ,'''My time on TV has been awesome; between 'Party Of Five' and 'Ghost Whisperer,' I've been severely lucky in great long runs on TV series that were attached to the heart and got into the audiences' hearts.''' ,'''If 'Party of Five' hadn't done well, it would have been a bunch of names involved in the demise. But if 'Time of Your Life' doesn't do well, it will be my name. You have to prepare for the worst. This is a very fickle business.''' ,'''Obviously, I got very lucky that even though I lost my mother, I lost her later in life, but it's still had a profound effect on me.''' ,'''Never in my life have I been captivated by by anybody onscreen the way I was when I saw Audrey Hepburn for the first time. She's everything a woman should be.''' ,'''I'm actually scared of horror movies. I'm kind of Scaredy Cat when it comes to that stuff.''' ,'''For the most part, yeah, I'm happy with my body, but there are days when I'm like, 'Ugh! Really? Why is it so hard to fit into my jeans?' That's when I say to myself, 'I look this way because I'm supposed to. If we all looked the same, we'd be boring.'''' ,'''I would definitely say that I am a very big movie musical fan in general, and I try to see every one that I possibly can - and 'Glee' every week.''' ,'''I'm not into 'Let's go out with one guy on a Monday and another guy on a Wednesday' - that's just not me.''' ,'''I think more dating stuff is scheduling. It's needing people who understand your work schedule.''' ,'''If you walk out of the house and think you feel great, or if someone tells you that you look amazing, believe it and just say thank you.''' ,'''I'm a pretty bad liar, and I'm not very good at keeping secrets.''' ,'''I'm a hopeless romantic, and very much the person in a relationship to go: If things are going well, I'll buy the flowers, remember the dates of things, plan fun nights out.''' ,'''This is embarrassing and personal, but once a month, since I was twelve years old, I go to my favorite jewelry store and try on my dream ring.''' ,'''I did see 'Les Miz' and I thought it was just incredible. Totally incredible. I love 'Chicago,' too.''' ,'''I've literally, in my entire life I've had two guys come up to me and ask me out. Other than that I have had to go and try to like spend time with them, or sort of start the conversation, basically like spell it out in a Sharpie, like, you know?''' ,'''Coldplay I really like a lot. David Grey, I'm obsessed with.''' ,'''I want to play Wonder Woman really badly. I want them to make the movie of 'Wonder Woman', and I want to play Wonder Woman so bad. That'd be really fun.''' ,'''I think I'm a really good girlfriend, and I think that I could be a really good wife. I know that I love being able to give my love out to someone. I know there is somebody great out there for me.''' ,'''Acting is a very important thing for me, and I love doing it. But when I'm acting, I spend 14 hours a day and months a time being someone else. When I'm singing, I just get to be me.''' ,'''It might sound so stupid, but guys do not hit on me. I'm not really sure why, but it's very rare that a guy will ever come up to me and be like, 'I'm going to lay down my game right now, and you're going to like it.'''' ,'''I just try to feel good in my own skin as much as I can.''' ,'''I do think that even with entertainment and telling stories, people in the entertainment industry have such a beautiful position in the world to speak about things that they're passionate about in a way that can grab people more than just sitting and telling someone about something, because you can show it visually.''' ,'''I don't want to ever, ever do something in life that isn't fun. Ever.''' ,'''Music for me has always been something that is directly connected to my heart.''' ,'''Dating has taught me what I want and don't want, who I am, and who I want to be.''' ,'''I'd never watch a horror film, but after I found out I was going to be in one, I watched, like, four of them, including The Shining, I was terrified - I couldn't sleep for days. But I wanted to get myself used to things I was going to see on the set.''' ,'''I want to be an independent woman who falls in love, finds a great partner for her lifetime, has kids and kind of does it all. I'd like to have it all.''' ,'''Instead of piling up food in my fridge that says 'Come eat me!' I keep enough for only a couple of days. And I rarely have treats around that might tempt me late at night, which is when I usually crave something really fattening. What am I going to do? Drive out at 11 at night just to satisfy a craving? No, that's crazy.''' ,'''I like cats. I used to have a lot of cats, but I don't anymore, now I just have a dog. It does take a certain temperament to have a cat, as they do have certain personalities.''' ,'''Films are amazing. To be a part of a movie is the greatest. It's so historic and exciting.''' ,'''I'd want to have Gisele Bundchen's body. Even though she's tall and skinny, she does have curves... and I think that's hot. Halle Berry also is kind of amazing.''' ,]
+++