+++
author = "Paula Malcomson"
title = "Paula Malcomson Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Paula Malcomson Quotes"
keywords = "paula malcomson,paula malcomson quotes,paula malcomson quote,paula malcomson sayings,paula malcomson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'd like to try comedy, at some point, but no one ever hires me for comedy, ever.''' ,'''Actors bond really quickly.''' ,'''I don't have keepsakes from shows, really. It's in the work. It's all there.''' ,'''I've done network shows. A director will call me and say, 'Do you want to do this with me?' and I'll say, 'Sure,' but I couldn't do it forever because there's no real expression. That's not how people talk.''' ,'''I like to work long-term on projects. It's fun to go in and out and get in there and do something and leave it behind, but to me, the real satisfaction is doing five years on a show, where you're really just up to your eyes in it. It's part of your life. That's what makes me the happiest.''' ,'''To me, movies is just scratching the surface for the work. There are people who are so, so great at that.''' ,'''Cursing is heavily used in the Irish language. It's not a stretch for me, and I have no qualms about it. It doesn't fall far from the real me.''' ,'''I always go for just really, hopefully, great writing and great acting, being in the company of great actors.''' ,'''I've been watching detective shows, like 'Wallander' and the Danish 'The Killing.' I'm like, 'That would be kind of fun to do.'''' ,'''There's no way to fake weight loss - you just kinda have to not eat.''' ,'''I try not to be too profane around children or old people. Other than that, that's how I speak.''' ,'''I have the same criteria for choosing roles as I have always had: fantastic writing and complicated characters.''' ,'''I like living with a character for a really long time and what can open up with that.''' ,'''It's definitely hard to say good-bye to a character that you've played for a long time.''' ,'''I just want to play strong characters, whatever that is in. For me, television is where it's at. You get to play a character for a long period of time, and you get to dig deep. It's a home to go to.''' ,'''Being a good actor is sort of understanding the complexity of the human psyche and also knowing that we are none of us perfect.''' ,'''I'm pretty excited about the state of TV these days. There's great opportunity for really complicated relationships, in a way that I don't really see as much in movies anymore.''' ,'''Listen, I'm from Belfast. We're not polite people. And it's language. We're direct.''' ,'''I'm not a Method actor - ask anybody.''' ,'''I had a ringside seat to cancer. As have most people.''' ,'''If you're going to play a prostitute, you can't be too squeamish about that sort of thing. It's just part of the job, since the role requires it.''' ,'''I don't work with a lot of preparation. I think very well on my feet, and I'm very good when the pressure is on.''' ,'''As actors, we're a little faster than other people with breaking down the walls.''' ,'''I love 'Happy Valley.' I love 'Transparent.' I love 'Fleabag.'''' ,'''A room full of hundreds, let alone thousands, of people is not my most fun thing in the world.''' ,'''I'm not interested in a pretty world. It's boring to me. If you're lucky enough to get to play a character for a long time, it's life-changing.''' ,]
+++