+++
author = "Stephen Amell"
title = "Stephen Amell Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Stephen Amell Quotes"
keywords = "stephen amell,stephen amell quotes,stephen amell quote,stephen amell sayings,stephen amell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The thing that I've learned is that there really is no joy, and nothing ever good is going to come from negativity. Those are thoughts that, even if you were presenting an honest version of yourself, there's just no point in sharing.''' ,'''When I shot 'Private Practice,' Amy Brenneman made a point of really befriending me before we started shooting.''' ,'''When 'Hung' got canceled, I was available for pilot season, and 'Arrow' was the first thing I auditioned for. It wasn't the first script that came to me, but it was my first audition.''' ,'''Canada does a really a phenomenal job of producing music, actors, and entertainers. If you look at the number of people we have in our country relative to the number of people that are prominent in the entertainment industry, it's pretty impressive.''' ,'''Some of the most cutthroat auditions you'll have as an actor are when you'll have three words to say.''' ,'''A lot of people don't know this, but Toronto is probably the most multicultural city in North America.''' ,'''People used to ask me questions on my blog about how to break into the acting industry. You often have to start out in parts where you have very few words, but you still have to try to make an impact.''' ,'''When I'm working, I'm working and I'm focused on that day's work.''' ,'''Love triangles very rarely stay quiet for very long.''' ,'''I loved Superman growing up. I saw a couple of those movies in the theater, and I watched 'Superman II' 8000 times.''' ,'''I had five years in the business in Canada, and then I came down to the States in February of 2010. I had a good pilot season. I started getting guest star work. I started to get bigger stuff.''' ,'''I'm still an actor who wants to work all the time.''' ,'''I like to give myself a nice run up to a shirtless scene. Physically, it really doesn't make any difference. It's about mentally feeling good about it.''' ,'''I was a big wrestling fan growing up. That was my thing. I had the action figures and the magazines and everything like that.''' ,'''I'm share a lot of details, but 98 percent of my life is still private.''' ,'''I started to book good television jobs in 2010. I started to get really close to exceptional jobs in 2011, and then I got 'Arrow' in 2012. I know how lucky I am because just getting the lead in a pilot doesn't guarantee that that pilot is going to turn into something great.''' ,'''When I get time off, my brain is just, that's it. I sit. I veg. People will think that I'm upset or not happy, but I'm just exhausted. I'm just zoned out.''' ,'''I like vocabulary and I actually read a book called 'Word Freak,' which is about a guy who basically went into competitive Scrabble for a year. But having a big vocabulary and being good at Scrabble are not the same thing.''' ,'''It's never me saying, 'When is my day over?' It's more, 'When do they legally have to get me off of the lot, based on when I have to be back the next day?' The first call is a big thing in the acting world and in the union world. There needs to be a 12 hour period, and I need it.''' ,'''I would like to, in some capacity, observe how Tom Cruise goes about his business when it comes to making a movie and how he behaves on set and how he interacts with the crew because from everything that I've heard, it is the template for professionalism and just the way to conduct yourself as an actor.''' ,'''I wasn't aware of Green Arrow as a kid. My thing growing up was wrestling.''' ,'''I remember doing a little student film where we had a guy that couldn't pull focus. We ended up spending three times the amount of time shooting this thing as opposed to if the guy could've just pulled focus.''' ,'''I would love to be nominated for an award at some point or do something that at least engenders the type of cultural conversation that a role like Giancarlo Esposito on 'Breaking Bad,' or actually any of the people on 'Breaking Bad.' I would love to have a role in a feature film that was a cultural talking point.''' ,'''You have to relax when you're shooting an arrow. You can't be tense. And that just helps, in your day-to-day life.''' ,'''I'm flattered if any movie role and my name are mentioned in the same sentence, because there haven't been a ton of them.''' ,'''When I first broke into the acting industry, I taught spinning classes to support myself.''' ,]
+++