+++
author = "Jacob Zuma"
title = "Jacob Zuma Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Jacob Zuma Quotes"
keywords = "jacob zuma,jacob zuma quotes,jacob zuma quote,jacob zuma sayings,jacob zuma saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''All my life, I have served and will continue to serve the ANC in its pursuit of the objectives of the National Democratic Revolution.''' ,'''I fear no motion of no confidence or impeachment, for they are the lawful mechanisms for the people of this beautiful country to remove their president.''' ,'''None of us, no matter how perfect, can claim that the building of a new society and the marshalling of a former liberation movement into a modern political party all happen in a straight line.''' ,'''If we avail ourselves to serve in terms of the Constitution, we should be prepared if, indeed, those we serve deem it appropriate to suffer the hardship that comes with our constitutional obligations.''' ,'''We are a constitutional democracy. We must deal with things properly within the framework of the law and then the constitution.''' ,'''We South Africans are also crazy about football, so the World Cup can be nothing but successful.''' ,'''Judgments that give an impression that we can disregard the Constitution for political expediency, or to solve what we regard as current problems, set a dangerous precedence which will make it difficult to govern in future or to make ordinary citizens to abide by the Constitution.''' ,'''I am forever indebted to the ANC, the liberation movement I have served almost all my life.''' ,'''Theft and corruption in the private sector is as bad as that in government and must be dealt with decisively by law enforcement agencies.''' ,'''I have fought corruption.''' ,'''If you grow the economy, then you become stronger, and you can resist many other things.''' ,'''Our people are frustrated when we spend more time fighting among ourselves than focusing on solving the day-to-day challenges they experience.''' ,'''In government, things do not move too quick. That is why I am trying to introduce a new culture: so that things move more quickly.''' ,'''The majority in this country have not seen anything wrong with Zuma. I go with the overwhelming feeling of this country. If the majority say, 'Zuma, do this,' I will do it.''' ,'''I'm a very honest politician.''' ,'''My love of South Africa is not gray; it's not vague. It's very specific. It's in keeping with our Constitution - 'Unity in diversity.'''' ,'''We have a history in South Africa of an entrenched white monopoly capital.''' ,'''Africa suffered under European dominance for centuries.''' ,'''The youth of the ANC, ever since 1944 when it was established, has been very vocal. It has made suggestions on things so that, at times, old people said, 'What are you doing?' That is its nature. Alliance partners, they have always raised issues. In fact, that is what brings vibrancy in the alliance. People misread that as huge fights.''' ,'''People are constantly applying double standards. Take the United States, for example. Washington wants the whole world to admire the country for its democracy. Then the government sends out its army, in the name of this democracy, and leaves behind the kind of chaos we see in Iraq.''' ,'''I do take seriously and am grateful to the ANC that, in the face of its revolutionary mission to ensure a better life for all and the creation of a non-racial, non-sexist and democratic South Africa, it deployed me at the pinnacle of its role in government.''' ,'''There is no cloud above my head - there is not even a mist.''' ,'''I just accept that, if my party and my compatriots wish that I be removed from office, they must exercise that right and do so in the manner prescribed in the Constitution.''' ,'''Radical socio-economic transformation is a policy of the ANC. As a leader of the ANC, you have to implement the policy. When I talk about radical socio-economic transformation, it's not my thing; it's an ANC policy.''' ,'''As a citizen of this country, I've got to be honest to the people of South Africa.''' ,'''When I joined the ANC, I never thought I would be anything. In no way, did I say, 'One day I could be the president. I think I am good material for the presidency.' Not at all.''' ,'''My view is instead of political discussions, persuasions, which dominate democracy, in our country we have taken our democracy to the other extreme. There is no debate, sufficient debate. There is court debate.''' ,'''You don't just end up with freedom when you have the vote. The struggle continues.''' ,'''I don't think, in a country, you can have people thinking and feeling exactly the same.''' ,'''In no country are all the people factory owners. The majority are workers.''' ,'''Criminality is always the result of poverty. Countries that experience such a fundamental change as we have - we had the apartheid regime and must now develop a multicultural democracy - must necessarily pass through a phase of high crime rates.''' ,'''The economy in South Africa was racially structured for many decades, if not centuries.''' ,]
+++