+++
author = "Daryl Davis"
title = "Daryl Davis Quotes"
quotes_len = "86"
description = "the best 86 Daryl Davis Quotes"
keywords = "daryl davis,daryl davis quotes,daryl davis quote,daryl davis sayings,daryl davis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was no stranger to racism. Having grown up a black person in the '60s and '70s, I knew that prejudice was common.''' ,'''There are many controversial topics out there - abortion, nuclear weapons, the 2nd Amendment, guns, whatever, the war in Iraq. You're going to be on one side, somebody's going to be on the other side. Invite those people to the table. Sit down and talk.''' ,'''Music is my profession but learning more about racism on all sides of the tracks was my obsession.''' ,'''I have just about every book written on the Klan and I've read them all.''' ,'''I decided to go around the country and sit down with Klan leaders and Klan members to find out: How can you hate me when you don't even know me?''' ,'''We spend too much time talking about each other, at each other, past each other, and not enough time talking with each other.''' ,'''I wanted to visit India because I have always wanted to explore the country. More than that, I have always found the caste system in India identical to the racism in the United States.''' ,'''I came into music kind of late in life - until I was 17 I wanted to be a spy, wanted to be James Bond, so I had to learn rather quickly and practice longer than most people did to play catch up.''' ,'''My parents were U.S. Foreign Service, so I spent a lot of time you know, overseas in various countries around the world, you know, I was an American Embassy brat and today, as a professional musician, I travel all over this country and around the world.''' ,'''I have been attacked and mistreated for my skin colour since I was a child.''' ,'''Music is indeed the universal language and unites people.''' ,'''Rock 'n' roll was uniting black kids and white kids, and rock 'n' roll is not being given credit... for being just as important to the civil rights movement as the activists.''' ,'''There's a difference between being ignorant and being stupid... For me, an ignorant person is someone who makes the wrong decision or a bad choice because he or she does not have the proper facts. If you give that person the facts and the proper information you have alleviated that ignorance, and they make the right decision.''' ,'''The most important thing I learned is that when you are actively learning about someone else you are passively teaching them about yourself.''' ,'''Racism is a cancer. Black people have been dealing with this ever since we landed on these shores in shackles and chains. If we've been doing it for that long, those of us who are impatient need to be a little more patient and keep on addressing those things, not ignoring it. White people need to do the same thing. Don't turn a blind eye to it.''' ,'''If you spend five minutes with your worst enemy - it doesn't have to be about race, it could be about anything... you will find that you both have something in common. As you build upon those commonalities, you're forming a relationship and as you build about that relationship, you're forming a friendship.''' ,'''At the end, ignorance is the source of biases. If we cure that, there's nothing to fear and hate.''' ,'''Invite your enemies to sit down and join you. One small thing you say might give them food for though, and you will learn.''' ,'''A stupid person is someone who has the facts, who has the proper information, and still makes the wrong decision.''' ,'''In my band, I'm the band leader. As a band leader, our job is to bring harmony to the voices we have on stage.''' ,'''They've changed the name from white supremacy to white separatists, to white nationalists, to alt-right. It's the same thing. A rose by any other name is still a rose.''' ,'''There are a lot of well meaning white liberals. And a lot of well meaning black liberals. But you know what? When all they do is sit around and preach to the choir it does absolutely no good. If you're not a racist it doesn't do any good for me to meet with you and sit around and talk about how bad racism is.''' ,'''He spoke nine languages. You know some people can just pick up an instrument and play. My father was like that with languages.''' ,'''My father was the first black Secret Service agent. He wanted to get into the FBI but J. Edgar Hoover, who was the head of the FBI, was a racist and he said we don't want any black people.''' ,'''Music absolutely played a massive role in bridging many gaps in the racial divides I would encounter.''' ,'''I don't have any brothers and sisters, so I always relied on my parents to guide me or answer questions.''' ,'''You don't change the system without changing the people behind the system.''' ,'''I don't consider myself to be a racist, but to me there's not much difference between a black racist or a white racist.''' ,'''You can legislate behavior but you cannot legislate belief. Patience is what it takes. But patience doesn't mean sitting around on your butt waiting for something to happen.''' ,'''Keep in mind, when two enemies are talking, they're not fighting, they're talking. They might be yelling and screaming, but at least they're talking. It's when the talking ceases that the ground becomes fertile for violence.''' ,'''A lot of the media says, 'oh, black musician converts X-number of Klansmen.' I never converted one. But over 200 have left that, the white supremacy movements, because I have been the impetus for that.''' ,'''I did not vote for Donald Trump and I do not support him but I believe that Trump is the best thing to happen to this country in a long time. He's bringing out the country's ugliness. There's no turning a blind eye anymore.''' ,'''When I experienced racism here in my own country, I was not prepared for it. I had never heard the word racism.''' ,'''Music teaches us how to work together, how to harmonize.''' ,'''It was incomprehensible to me that someone who had never seen me before, someone who knew absolutely nothing about me, would want to inflict pain upon me for no other reason than the color of my skin.''' ,'''I'm always thinking 'how can I blend something?' whether it's musical instruments, voices, or the people around me.''' ,'''I've heard stories of pickup bands that can't follow, but here's the thing: If you want to play with Chuck Berry, you listen to his greatest hits and learn the format of the songs, but don't try to play it note-for-note.''' ,'''There have been some incidents in which I was threatened and a couple of instances where I had to physically fight. Fortunately, I won in both instances.''' ,'''I never set out to convert anyone in the Klan. I just set out to get an answer to my question: 'How can you hate me when you don't even know me.'''' ,'''Back in the day, prior to rock and roll, music halls, concert venues were segregated if they allowed black people in at all. You know, there were ropes that went around the sitting sections with signs hanging that would say, 'Sitting for white patrons only,' or 'Colored sitting only.'''' ,'''I met a white man once, who claimed that every black man has a gene which makes him violent. To which, I said I had never been violent and that he was wrong.''' ,'''Always keep the lines of communication open with your adversaries.''' ,'''I try to bring out the humanity in people.''' ,'''Venues had segregated seating - but when Chuck Berry fused together blues, boogie-woogie and country music, it caused people not to be able to sit still. They bounced up out of their seats, knocking over ropes, dancing together.''' ,'''People learn racism through dialogue. Somebody tells them about it. So if you can learn it through dialogue, you can also unlearn it through dialogue.''' ,'''We've simply been putting Band-Aids on the wounds of racism. We haven't drilled down to the bone to get to its source.''' ,'''A Klan member is not stamped from a standard cookie cutter. They come from all walks of life and various education levels and environmental situations which have led to their decision to join the Klan. The one common denominator that all share is lack of exposure to others who may not look like them or believe as they do.''' ,'''1983 - Country music had made a resurgence in this country so I joined a country band. I was the only black guy in the band and consequently, usually the only black guy in many of the places where we played.''' ,'''There's no more denying it, or saying we live in a post-racist society. All you have to do is turn on the TV and see all these hate crimes.''' ,'''If you have an adversary, an opponent with an opposing point of view, give that person a platform, regardless of how extreme it may be.''' ,'''Knowledge, information, wit, and the way you disseminate these attributes can often prove to be a more disarming weapon against an enemy or some with whom your ideology is in conflict, than violence or lethal weapons.''' ,'''Am I going to vote for Trump? Absolutely not. I do not believe in his platform.''' ,'''There has always been a great deal of racism in the U.S. before and after Obama.''' ,'''Our society can only become one of two things, it can be become what we let it become or it can become what we make it, and I choose the latter.''' ,'''I've been playing music professionally, full time since 1980 when I graduated college at the age of 22.''' ,'''Believe it or not, the best way to put somebody at ease or bring them to a level of trust is to know as much if not more about them than they know about themselves or the organization to which they belong.''' ,'''I don't believe that Donald Trump is a racist, per se. But some of the things that he does, some of the rhetoric that he uses, attracts racists and that sets the tone. And of course, you are judged by the company you keep.''' ,'''It doesn't sound rational for a Klansman to sit down to dinner with a black man. What you're overlooking is, to be racist is to be irrational. So, they are already irrational, and irrational people do irrational things. That's why a Klansman will sit down with me.''' ,'''If you don't keep hatred in check it will breed destruction.''' ,'''Chuck Berry had a very profound impact on me. The man was a genius.''' ,'''Everybody likes music. And rock 'n' roll - that was the music that brought white youth and black youth together for the first time in American music history.''' ,'''Hate cultures are not a thing of the past. They're a continuing problem and one cannot blame presidencies for this. Racism in the U.S. began way back, before the time of Abraham Lincoln.''' ,'''I am not so naive as to think everyone will change. There are certainly those who will go to their graves as hateful, violent racists.''' ,'''When was 'again?' Was it back when I was drinking from a separate water fountain? Was it when I couldn't eat in that restaurant over there?... 'Make America Great Again' - before I had equality?''' ,'''We would not have rock and roll without Chuck Berry, and when I first heard Chuck Berry, I fell in love with that music, and when I saw him, I changed my whole career trajectory that I was on as a kid.''' ,'''I didn't vote for Trump, but I do believe his coming to power has done its own bit of good. People are coming out to protest against issues they so far didn't talk about - sexual abuse, gun control, racism - because a bunch of crazies are out propagating them.''' ,'''I respect someone's right to air their views whether they are wrong or right.''' ,'''I'd had a racist experience as a child at age 10, where people had thrown rocks at me and bottles. I didn't understand. And all it was, was because of the color of my skin, nothing I had done, nothing I had said.''' ,'''It's very important that we learn how to communicate... and learn to respect each other.''' ,'''If you have an adversary, you don't have to respect what they're saying, but respect their right to say it.''' ,'''When something bothers me, I try to learn about it.''' ,'''I have a former Baltimore City police officer's uniform and his robe and hood. He was the grand dragon, which means state leader. His day job, what paid his bills, he was a Baltimore City police officer, not an undercover officer in the Klan gathering intelligence, but a bona fide Klansmen on the Baltimore City police force.''' ,'''In most of my encounters with Klan members, we would discuss reasons for why they were members in the first place.''' ,'''I had to keep myself in check. Like, 'Whoa, whoa, whoa.' I'd never sat in a room, five feet away from a Klansman putting on his damn robe. That's what freaked me out a little bit. But I wanted to see a Klansman.''' ,'''You're not going to beat the meanness out of a mean dog. You start beating a mean dog, it's gonna become more mean. You start beating racists, they're gonna become more racist.''' ,'''There are plenty of people, including good friends of mine, who are not racist, and who voted for Trump. A lot of people wanted a change from what they were accustom to for the last decades... they wanted a change of the status quo, a changing of the guard. And they were willing to overlook his misogyny, his racist or bigoted comments.''' ,'''Every racist that I know - and I know a lot of racists - every racist that I know voted for Donald Trump.''' ,'''What we do too much of is, we talk about each other, we talk at each other, or we talk past each other. I have found that talking with each other is much more effective.''' ,'''I knew as much about the Klan, if not more than many of the Klan people that I interviewed. When they see that you know about their organization, their belief system, they respect you.''' ,'''You cannot hate the hate out of a person. You cannot beat the hate out of a person. But you can love it out of a person.''' ,'''The most powerful tools you can have are information and knowledge.''' ,'''When you make friends with me, you have a friend for life.''' ,'''Racism is a cancer. You cannot ignore it and it'll go away. If you ignore cancer, it simply metastasizes and consumes the whole body.''' ,'''Some black people who have not heard me interviewed or read my book jump to conclusions and prejudge me... I've been called Uncle Tom. I've been called an Oreo.''' ,'''When you seek to destroy somebody, all you do is empower them, because they feel like, 'you see? They don't want us to have our rights to feel the way we want to feel.' And they get more and more emboldened and more and more empowered.''' ,'''If you were to talk to somebody from Georgia you would understand what he's saying, he wouldn't sound like your next-door neighbor in Montana, but other than that it's the same language, just with a few little different nuances. That's just like country and blues, or blues and rock 'n' roll. They're the same music with different accents.''' ,]
+++