+++
author = "Eric Adams"
title = "Eric Adams Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Eric Adams Quotes"
keywords = "eric adams,eric adams quotes,eric adams quote,eric adams sayings,eric adams saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Food has to look good, it has to taste good and it has to be good for you.''' ,'''If the city is safe, the mayor shouldn't have a security detail with him, he should be walking the street by himself.''' ,'''Young people have always established themselves in an anti-establishment way - I don't care if it's wearing long hair, wearing bell bottoms, wearing miniskirts. But there was always an adult that said, 'Cut your hair, make that skirt longer.' There was always a way to correct it, and that's the role of our schools.''' ,'''I have dedicated my career to advocating for a more equitable, humane criminal justice system.''' ,'''Used it, used it often, great tool. We should never have removed stop-and-frisk.''' ,'''I decry all domestic violence behavior; to condone violence against women would violate all standards of decency, run counter to my commitment to end domestic violence, and violate my core values!''' ,'''I am thankful that Brooklyn, a community of more than 2.6 million people of which nearly half speak a language other than English at home, stands as a shining example of how immigration and diversity have made us a safer and stronger place to live, work, and experience the American dream.''' ,'''I lost sight in my left eye.''' ,'''If we want to get diabetes under control, we have to get our diets under control.''' ,'''An increased police presence is not a panacea for our subway safety issues, but it's a step in the right direction.''' ,'''We must zero in on gun violence in our city.''' ,'''We have equated a cancer diagnosis to 'death,' but we look at diabetes as 'something that you get when you get older.' But look at diabetes - it's the leading cause of limb amputation, heart disease, kidney failure. Many people don't equate diabetes with these other destructive things. I didn't equate it to those until I started reading about it.''' ,'''The question was never whether stop, question and frisk should be allowed; it was how it should be done. Those who claimed it should be outlawed entirely reduced a nuanced issue to an either-or argument, and unwisely answered it with a blanket ban.''' ,'''Let's decide that we must live in a safe city where we educate our children and make sure everyone has an opportunity to prosper in this great city.''' ,'''We didn't know we were poor because that's how everyone around us lived.''' ,'''Just as gas is to a car, the food we eat is our fuel. The quality and type of that food will determine how well our bodies run.''' ,'''As a founder of 100 Blacks in Law Enforcement Who Care, I would often police the streets in a bulletproof vest one day during the high-crime 1980s and 1990s and protest bad behavior by cops the next.''' ,'''The question should not be whether or not police are allowed to confront suspects; it should be about how we train them. The question should not be whether we have police; it should be how we use them. The question should not be whether judges should have the ability to protect New Yorkers from violent offenders; it should be how we let them.''' ,'''Computer science education is important.''' ,'''Police officers must follow the rules to be able to question if there's reasonable suspicion that someone is carrying that firearm.''' ,'''Because of my struggles and my work, I have the unique ability to be a bridge between the NYPD and our communities, restoring confidence and accountability in policing that is essential to our recovery.''' ,'''As a frequent rider of the subway myself, I cannot count the number of times I have had to personally intercede in a physical or verbal altercation, whether on the platform or in a subway car.''' ,'''School is more than ABCs and 123s. It's the beginning of developing how to interact in a social setting.''' ,'''The refusal to snitch out of a pathological hatred for police is nothing new.''' ,'''My mother cleaned houses. I washed dishes.''' ,'''When it comes to revamping our bail laws, we can't rely on judicial discretion alone.''' ,'''There were a number of reasons I decided to join the New York City Police Department back in 1984. I felt a calling to protect and serve my neighbors, and I wanted to reform negative departmental practices from within. On top of those factors, becoming a police officer gave me a pathway to the middle class.''' ,'''I was beaten by police and sat in their precinct holding cell, certain that my future was already decided. And now I will be the person in charge of that precinct, and every other precinct, because I'm going to be the mayor of the City of New York.''' ,'''I had nerve damage. It was going to lead to amputation. I had high blood pressure, high cholesterol.''' ,'''We were stopping and frisking people based on their ethnicities and based on the communities they were in. That will never happen under my administration.''' ,'''High school and college students can show shelter residents how to fill out the forms to get their Social Security cards, driver's licenses, and other documents needed for education and employment.''' ,'''Our neighbors who have fallen on hard times can use basic sanitary items, such as soap, socks and undergarments; when we go shopping for ourselves, how about adding an extra item for someone in need?''' ,'''We must leave our comfort zones and speak plainly about the challenges facing urban America with the residents of urban America.''' ,'''We need to empower parents with the skills so that they can stay up to date on how to protect their families.''' ,'''We police in America in communities of color and economically challenging community, we police based on the behavior of the numerical minority that is committing crime. That small percentage of people who commit crimes in a community becomes the methods that's used for the entire community.''' ,'''Transparency in government also includes transparency in health care and hospitals.''' ,'''I went through my entire public school career going to bed crying because I was getting Ds.''' ,'''I don't want anyone deifying me.''' ,'''As an 18-year-old, I learned a valuable lesson when I attempted to cut costs and pumped leaded gas into my first car - a car that required unleaded gas only. It did not take long before I realized the gravity of my error.''' ,'''As our city and country begin the long, rocky road of recovery from COVID, we still must avoid the pitfalls of another deadly public health crisis: gun violence.''' ,'''New York City belongs to the people that was here and made New York City what it is.''' ,'''I'm up at 5 A.M. every morning, meditating, exercising, drinking my smoothie, then giving 12 hours for my city.''' ,'''Meal prep is so important and I do it once a week.''' ,'''We can save more lives with plant-based diet if people would only realize they are enslaved to fats, oil, sugar and things that are killing their body.''' ,'''My plant-based diet is the No. 1 reason that my diabetes was put into remission.''' ,'''My goal is really to use my position as the borough president and any higher-profile position to empower people, to let us all know how we can control our health.''' ,'''My law enforcement experience has showed me first-hand the violent and psychologically scarring impact that can result from the series of dominoes that fall after an otherwise law-abiding citizen fails to pay a summons for a quality-of-life offense on time.''' ,'''Crime takes root when household budgets are unable to address the conditions that can lead to despair and violence, and government services and policies do not adequately address underemployment, poor mental health care and learning disabilities that hold young people back.''' ,'''Since we don't know with any certainty what specific aptitudes today's students will need tomorrow, we need to ensure they have the critical thinking and problem-solving abilities that extend beyond any one technology or program.''' ,'''Partnership is a necessity if we are to reach our goals.''' ,'''As a former police officer, I have long advocated that it is not only the job of the NYPD to make our communities safe. I have also stated that it is not solely the role of ACS to fight child abuse. The community at large must do their share in with these important initiatives.''' ,'''I went from a D student to the dean's list.''' ,'''Someone who decides to turn in a violent criminal isn't a snitch; they're a hero.''' ,'''We must create a digital platform that connects New Yorkers with training, basic skills and a universal job application.''' ,'''I'm not going to allow inmates and officers to be the victims of violent people.''' ,'''For our way-too-large population of homeless children, we can provide tutoring services so they can be ready for college.''' ,'''I don't want anybody holding doors for me. I don't want anyone to hold my umbrella.''' ,'''America is saying, we want to have justice and safety and end inequalities. And we don't want fancy candidates.''' ,'''I was one of six children raised by a single mom who cleaned houses, not always knowing if we would come home to an eviction notice on the front door or food on the table. So I also understand the struggles of paying the rent, finding affordable child care, and having enough in the bank to make it to the end of the week.''' ,'''If we truly are the greatest city in the greatest country on Earth, we cannot fail those facing the greatest need.''' ,'''If my son wanted to join the NYPD, I'd want him to have the same pathway to the middle class as I did.''' ,'''You may have heard me say that I am going to create a safe, fair, affordable city for all New Yorkers. But you have probably heard other candidates say that before. What I want you to know is that those will be my priorities because those issues aren't political to me; they're personal.''' ,'''During the debates for mayor, I was continually pressed on my position on the policing procedure known as 'stop and frisk' - which is actually in law enforcement known as 'stop, question and frisk' - and why I believed that, if used properly, it could reduce crime without infringing on personal liberties and human rights.''' ,'''New York City in particular is the economic engine of not just our state, but arguably the nation. If that engine stalls, this entire country could get dragged into the same downward spiral.''' ,'''I think we need to be humane to all living beings and that includes our animals.''' ,'''Well, many Blacks who are vegan are vegan for health reasons. They believe in putting the right food in their bodies. And they are reluctant to be attached to some who have been extremely aggressive in the animal rights movement.''' ,'''If you don't start targeting what's feeding crime then we are going to throw good money into a bad scenario.''' ,'''Men ignore symptoms all the time. I think we're hardwired just to suck it up. After being an athlete as a child, you play with pain, all of those little statements that coaches would say. And I internalized that.''' ,'''New Yorkers want to work and thrive.''' ,'''As we change our systems of voting, there will always be an adjustment period and any adjustments require robust educational campaigns.''' ,'''The best progressive policies are constructed by learning from past experiences while striving toward a more equitable future.''' ,'''In school, we learn that we don't yell out, we wait. You raise your hand and wait for your chance.''' ,'''If you don't educate, you will incarcerate.''' ,'''Soul food is find the most healthy food you can get and make it as toxic as possible. Collard greens are good for you. Kale is good for you. Yams are good for you. But they no longer are good for you when you start pouring the sugar, the oil, the butter, all of those items that make it unhealthy.''' ,'''If you committed a serious crime, you should not be allowed to own a gun.''' ,'''There's absolutely no reason why we should continue poisoning our children's health with processed foods.''' ,'''All across the country, the DSA socialists are mobilizing to stop Eric Adams. They realize if I'm successful, we're going to start the process of regaining control of our cities.''' ,'''I want to empower people. I want people to know that they can take their health in their own hands.''' ,'''The first classroom is in a mother's womb.''' ,'''Having a serious ailment or serious disease, it hijacks your life. You're thinking about the next result, the next test.''' ,'''I was progressive before the term progressive actually existed.''' ,'''We have to root out the weeds of hate and ensure it doesn't choke away the healthy flowers of diversity in our borough, city, and state.''' ,'''This is not a socialist country; let's be clear on that. This is a country that believes: give people the opportunities and they will be able to exceed and excel in this country. And I believe in that is because that's what I saw in my personal journey and the journey of so many people who come to this country.''' ,'''The pursuit of market-rate pay equity is about far more than respect. It's a matter of fairness, considering the increased workload that New York's Finest has assumed to not only make us the safest big city in America but to also take a more proactive role in strengthening community-police relations.''' ,'''We know the costs of failure. There is now no excuse for government - at any level - not to invest in a safer, fairer future for our cities.''' ,'''We can attract new businesses and jobs in fast-growing industries through tax incentives, incubators, zoning tools and CUNY partnerships.''' ,'''Computer science teaches and nurtures the type of thinking that 21st century citizens will need to address 21st century issues. We cannot know with any certainty what those challenges will be, but we can arm our students with the tools needed to address them.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if you are in Borough Park in the Hasidic community, if you're in Flatbush in the Korean community, if you're in Sunset Park in the Chinese community, if you're in Rockaway, if you're out in Queens, in the Dominican community, Washington Heights - all of you have the power to fuel us.''' ,'''When I served in the state Senate, I led the charge with then-Assemblyman Hakeem Jeffries to end the stop-and-frisk database, which kept the personal information of everyone stopped and frisked by the NYPD, even if they weren't arrested or issued a summons.''' ,'''If we work to find common ground rather than fighting from entrenched, simplistic, ideological corners, we can have the safety we need and the justice we deserve.''' ,'''The food we call soul food is slave food. We were forced to eat it.''' ,'''Police have two rights that even the president does not have, the right to take liberty and to take life. Those are dear to America. And we must ensure that the highest level of scrutiny and standard goes to anyone who is given that right.''' ,'''When we feed people, we should only feed them healthy food. They go to the government because they don't have any other choices. So it's almost a betrayal when you know someone has no other choice but to eat what you give them, and you're giving them food that feeds their chronic diseases.''' ,'''New York can be a national leader on LGBTQ+ rights and protections.''' ,'''One day mom sat down and says, 'I'm moving my children to Queens. There was this quiet in the room and then everyone burst out laughing. Moving to Queens for us was like moving to Mars. It was like breaking out of poverty, the ultimate in luxury.''' ,'''The real repercussions of a permanent criminal record - some lose their jobs, their housing, even their families - can go far beyond the primary policing objective.''' ,'''We're not going to attract new businesses if we don't have safe subway systems where everyday employees are able to get to their work in a safe manner.''' ,'''Left unchecked, diabetes can have a devastating impact on your body and can lead to blindness, heart disorder, kidney failure, limb amputation, as well as the possibility of lifelong dialysis.''' ,'''As an early advocate for neighborhood policing, I've been heartened to see the tangible impact of police officers spending less time in their station houses and more time on our street corners, developing collaborative relationships with residents and businesses that help us fight and deter crime.''' ,'''I served in the NYPD for 22 years, and I can vividly recall trying to extract information from people who refused to cooperate.''' ,]
+++