+++
author = "Sajid Nadiadwala"
title = "Sajid Nadiadwala Quotes"
quotes_len = "95"
description = "the best 95 Sajid Nadiadwala Quotes"
keywords = "sajid nadiadwala,sajid nadiadwala quotes,sajid nadiadwala quote,sajid nadiadwala sayings,sajid nadiadwala saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It is easy to cross 100 Crores these days but it takes a lot of efforts to creep towards the next number that is 200.''' ,'''I started with 'Baaghi,' in which I cast Tiger Shroff. And then with director Imtiaz Ali's entry in our production, I tried totally different films like 'Tamasha,' etc.''' ,''''Baaghi 2' opened in less than 5,000 screens and its ticket prices were also not high, as it's not a festival season release. Yet, it has made the kind of money that has shocked the trade.''' ,'''I was confident about the potential of 'Baaghi 2' when I greenlit it, but the final product has blown me away.''' ,'''A year back when I finished 'Kick,' people asked me about my next. I told them that the thing which fascinates me is getting the three Khans on board. Salman is a good friend and I have good equation with Shah Rukh and Aamir. If I get a go ahead, I would definitely love to do it.''' ,'''Being a producer is more than a 24 hour job.''' ,'''It is a matter of pride to get boxing gloves from Stallone himself.''' ,'''The move to turn a director was a very important decision and totally uncalled for, especially after my experience of 27 years as a producer.''' ,'''I love to give chance to new talent.''' ,'''Sometimes, I forget that I am director.''' ,'''I'd decided that the day I paid off all my debts, I would get married. Exactly two months later, I got hitched.''' ,'''When you have good relations, your commitment to your commerce is right, your payments are right and then when you're delivering good hits, a combination of all this results in people wanting to work with you.''' ,'''Definitely it is difficult to maintain the Hollywood stylized action that we had in 'Kick.'''' ,'''I go by my instinct in selecting scripts for my banner. Some times it works and some times it does not.''' ,'''After about nine blockbusters, I had forgotten how to deal with a failure when 'Jaan-Emaan' released. I was shaken.''' ,'''I am looking neither backward nor ahead. I am not thinking of what Salman has done earlier and what is the competition for my film. I am only focusing on getting it right in 'Kick.'''' ,'''All I know is that Salman has signed 80 percent of my films without reading the script, and almost all our films have done well.''' ,'''I have been making films for 25 years now and I am not mad to invest in something from where recovery becomes an issue.''' ,'''The best deal about being a producer is that unlike a director who has to go on the sets even if he doesn't get along with the actor, the producer has the liberty to remain behind the scenes.''' ,'''Ninety per cent of the times, filming is a cakewalk. You start it, shoot it and release it without any major hassles. Then comes along one film that gets stuck or faces unusual problems.''' ,'''If I had a formula, I would have launched newcomers every year or maybe, every quarter.''' ,'''I am a film person and hence I think big.''' ,'''How were we to know 'Highway' would be such a success? It is one of my proudest achievements.''' ,'''Many might feel that I am very traditional in my approach, but I feel that the most important thing is to have the blessings of your parents. That's very important. Plus, be ready for consistent hard work, despite the inevitable ups and downs in this field.''' ,'''I have always made films with actors who became superstars.''' ,'''As a director, I was apprehensive about the outcome of 'Kick.' As it scored well, it is my duty to get above that expectation.''' ,'''All three girls in 'Housefull 3,' Jacqueline Fernandez, Lisa Haydon and Nargis, got along well. Usually when there is more than one heroine there is some friction. Not this time.''' ,'''Salman is the reason because of whom I turned a director.''' ,'''Hits and flops happen in everyone's careers. Be it an actor or a filmmaker, you can't let that affect your conviction.''' ,'''When we produced 'Highway,' Imtiaz Ali and I planned it as a quick small experimental film, while we waited for Ranbir Kapoor's dates later during the year.''' ,'''We made 'Housefull 4' because 1, 2 and 3 were loved by the audience.''' ,'''I make one film in three years, if I go wrong it will take me another three years to prove myself.''' ,'''I worked with Salman even when he was not doing so well, so now that he is successful, people think I have an agenda.''' ,'''At the end of the day everyone has his own style of making a film and add the kind of ingredients which he feels would be good enough to entice audiences.''' ,'''I've been in this business long enough to recognize genuine talent.''' ,'''There's a great work culture at Nadiadwala Grandson. It's true that I'm heading the organization, but there are some brilliant minds here. All of them are working towards making our banner a good, entertaining company.''' ,'''Star power opened 'Mission Mangal.'''' ,'''After I read the story of 'Dangal' and before the film released, I called director Nitish Tiwari asking him if he had any good script. He told me to wait for some time. So we had three-four sittings, and this film, 'Chhichhore,' came to him. The film did not have superstars, but I felt that this is the script that needs to be told.''' ,''''Chhichhore' is one of my most finest products till date. In films like this, you expect less but you get more. It is an underdog film. I am sure people will like it.''' ,'''Directing a film is a lot of physical work.''' ,'''My only problem is that I'm too sensitive about my movies. I feel each of them has to work and consider every film as my last one.''' ,'''Cameos are good only if we have actors do it as per the requirement of the script otherwise no point just having someone for the heck of it.''' ,''''Kabhi Eid Kabhi Diwali' is a film with a very different approach and we are sure the audience will love to see Salman in the avatar we have planned.''' ,'''People have realized that films like Phantom have different remuneration structures.''' ,'''My office wanted me to register the title 'Devil' since they felt, it could be a good title for 'Kick' sequel.''' ,''''Chhichhore' is not just a story, it is a journey that everyone goes through. The film showcases some of the most beautiful years of one's life, where friends become family and stay with you till you age.''' ,'''We never tell our kids how to handle success, we never teach them what to do during times of failure. Someone should tell them to mellow down while they experience success so that they may have a long successful stint.''' ,'''When you are working on the launch of an actor, you have to treat him or her like your own child.''' ,'''Coming on board for '83' is a feeling of personal joy as I saw that glorious moment on live television. There are certain projects that develop an aura around them and '83' is one of them.''' ,'''All my films have been larger-than-life. And since I've sat on almost all the scripts of the films I've produced, I do not compromise on aesthetics and visuals that could add to a scene.''' ,'''I only make those films that I would love to watch.''' ,'''It was embarrassing to direct my friend Salman and tell it's not working at times.''' ,'''I don't want to lose an opportunity to tell an interesting story.''' ,'''Every product demands a certain budget and with the kind of setup that we have brought together for 'Housefull 2,' there has to be certain expenditure involved.''' ,'''Since the time I was a kid, I used to love big films.''' ,'''When I see my movies on the editing table, I do think I could have done them a certain way. The satisfaction is never there even when I'm directing a film. You need to have the feeling that you could have done this better.''' ,''''Housefull' is made with the express purpose of being an entertaining, time-pass film. No one is supposed to search for great art in this series.''' ,'''I never thought I would direct a film.''' ,'''I love to watch entertaining films with larger than life characters and hence enjoy making such kind of movies.''' ,'''When I write my autobiography after 20-25 years, I want 2014 to be the weakest year of my life.''' ,'''I have watched 'Rocky' many times.''' ,'''The song 'Jumme ki Raat' is a treat for all the fans of Salman. It is shot in the underground style on a very big scale. We have tried to give it the edgy and grungy feel.''' ,''''Housefull' means a house full of masti, mazaa, vibrancy and energy, something that London stands for as well. Audiences have traditionally loved what the city and its people have to offer on screen in the film and we are taking that forward with 'Housefull 4' too.''' ,'''Today audience wants relaxed or chilled out guys. Ayushmann Khurrana is working big time, everybody is working. Look at every actor today, there is no extra charisma off-screen.''' ,'''We were shooting at the Kodak Theatre and to see my production company's clap board in front of Sylvester Stallone was overwhelming, I had to pinch myself. It was a magical moment. It was a different high.''' ,'''I think earlier I struggled in a rickshaw and now I am struggling in a Bentley.''' ,'''Whenever I have launched a new talent, I have taken complete responsibility, like I am launching my own kid.''' ,'''The Salman I know is definitely not impulsive, or he wouldn't have completed any film in the stipulated period of time.''' ,'''They have accepted me as a big debut Bollywood director. So, I should write something brilliant.''' ,'''You have to follow your gut and believe in your film. Nothing else matters.''' ,'''I love writing and making films. What started as a hobby ultimately turned into my profession.''' ,'''While talking to Wardha, I realized that Disney is actually the surname of the man behind the studio, but one only identifies it with animation. Now I have a new dream. If I can achieve the same level of legend with the Nadiadwala name, that would be awesome.''' ,'''The youth doesn't know what they want while the older generation remains stuck in the past. But the basic concept of entertainment remains the same - demand and supply - and that won't change.''' ,'''Film-making, in itself, is such a risky, costly-yet-uncertain business that despite being wealthy, 90 percent of people don't become producers.''' ,'''I love shooting in London.''' ,'''You tell me, why would I make 'Housefull 4' if I had any doubts about the popularity of the series? In fact, the collections are better than the earlier films in the series.''' ,'''Twofour54 is fantastic, it's a great organization, and the Abu Dhabi Film Commission, too - they are great ambassadors for Abu Dhabi.''' ,'''I wanted that song 'Saat samundar' in 'Kick.' There are many memories attached to it. The song makes 'Kick' all the more special.''' ,''''Housefull' is just a 40-45 crores film. It was never an expensive film to begin with.''' ,'''I've adopted my grandfather's method of tapping talent. It's our ancestors' blessings and the vibe of the company which made actors enjoy working with us on projects.''' ,'''In essence, big stars come with a set image, and breaking it becomes a task for certain stories.''' ,'''I didn't mind spending 40 lakh on the promo of 'Jaane E Mann,' because big things need big money. A quality product has to be marketed well.''' ,'''The news of me giving a Rolls Royce to Salman is completely untrue. If anyone should be giving Rolls Royce then he should be giving to me.''' ,'''Cinema in India is growing big time and people abroad have started recognising us.''' ,'''London has always held a special place in my heart.''' ,'''Content is now the most import factor that decides a film's success at the box office, so we as filmmakers are all trying different stories.''' ,'''You become big only when you have great stories to tell.''' ,'''Production is a different thing. Being a Coach is different from actually getting on the field with a bat and playing upfront.''' ,'''The super success of '3 Idiots' has taught us that cost of making a film is not important at all; it's all about things going well at the script level.''' ,'''My baby is obviously more important than anything else.''' ,'''Festive seasons are good for releases, but we have to leave some festival dates for other producers to release their films as well. We cannot take away all the holiday releases.''' ,'''My pride is the length of time I have worked in the industry without any major controversy.''' ,'''I produced 'Highway' and 'Chhichhore' for creative satisfaction.''' ,'''Salman is an old friend and a great human being. He's more like a family, given the years we've known each other.''' ,'''Filmmaking is a passion for me. Plus, that is what I do to make a living.''' ,]
+++