+++
author = "Jennifer Brady"
title = "Jennifer Brady Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Jennifer Brady Quotes"
keywords = "jennifer brady,jennifer brady quotes,jennifer brady quote,jennifer brady sayings,jennifer brady saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I decided to go to Germany, because I found a new coach and he was based out of Germany, as well as my trainer there, Daniel.''' ,'''I think there is always room for improvement, and every day is a chance to get better.''' ,'''I would say playing doubles is great for, you know, just in general. For the singles game, as well. You're able to work on returns, serves, aggressive playing. Also able to practice pressure situations.''' ,'''When I first went to LA. Honestly, it was different for me. The whole thing, the student-athlete part, you know, where the student came before the athlete. That was totally new to me. I had down online school since fifth grade so I never really had sat in a classroom and taken a note.''' ,'''I like competing. Just going out there and battling. Having a game plan and going out there and executing it.''' ,'''During COVID, I was still training, working on my fitness and my tennis. I was able to practice and play near where I live in Orlando.''' ,'''For me, college was a big learning experience on and off the court, just growing as a person, becoming more mature.''' ,'''I was thinking about finding a coach and I was able to find a coach and he was based out of Germany, and I had no problem going over there training if I know this is worth it and is going to make me better. The worst that could happen is I don't like it. I really, really enjoyed it and was able to get a lot better.''' ,'''Growing up a lot of people said I played like a guy. They thought it was an insult, but I was like, 'That's fine, I don't care.'''' ,'''I think each college experience is different for everyone.''' ,'''Going to UCLA was probably one of the best decisions I've ever made.''' ,'''So, college was kind of the only option that I looked at, and I was fortunate to have great coaches when I was at UCLA. They helped me improve on and off the court.''' ,'''Ever since I was young I've always been told how good I am.''' ,'''Yeah, I think the suites have been definitely a game changer here at the US Open, somewhere to relax and chill just with you and your team.''' ,'''If you watch Dominic Thiem and Naomi Osaka, the way the ball comes off the racket is totally different.''' ,'''You know, I think playing doubles definitely helps your singles game in all aspects. Just being able to get that match practice, match preparation before playing singles matches. Then it also builds confidence just getting wins from doubles, yeah.''' ,'''Before coming into college, I definitely wasn't ready to go pro. I didn't have those results that all the other players had. I didn't have the confidence in my game or myself, or things like that.''' ,'''Me going to college, I think, was a great idea. I went only for two years, but I was able to mature both on and off the court.''' ,'''I have a lot of confidence in my legs, in my strength.''' ,'''I'm not very into social media. I'm not that good at it, so I don't do it much. I'm just a troller. I just like to see what's out there. But I don't participate much.''' ,'''When you reach a certain point I feel like you have to go outside and find your own resources and coach and trainer in order to make it to the top.''' ,'''I'm taking each match one at a time, not putting expectations on myself, just getting fired up to compete, and taking each match as is.''' ,'''If you were to tell me that when I left, if I were to go to college in 2013 at U.C.L.A. and seven years from then I would be in the quarterfinals of the U.S. Open, I would probably laugh.''' ,'''I was at an academy for basically my whole life when I played tennis, so I had the same schedule every single day.''' ,'''For me specifically, I think college benefited me. Just getting me out of doing, getting me out of what I was doing before. I was just doing the same thing, you know, every day, same schedule, just practicing, training, things like that.''' ,'''I have a very positive outlook on life. And not even tennis. Just even off-court, I would say everything that I'm doing daily, and I hope I continue to think like this and, you know, can enjoy each and every single day.''' ,]
+++