+++
author = "James Cromwell"
title = "James Cromwell Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 James Cromwell Quotes"
keywords = "james cromwell,james cromwell quotes,james cromwell quote,james cromwell sayings,james cromwell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I started in theatre. I was at Cleveland and I went to London for the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare's birth.''' ,'''I'm an animal rights activist because I believe we won't have a planet if we continue to behave toward other species the way we do.''' ,'''I don't study films particularly. I plan to direct, but I'm not watching film - I watch the entire film to see how the story goes, but I don't say, 'Oh, so he does a slow pan here, or he pulls here, watch the crane shot, or look at the composition,' because it's got to be my eye.''' ,'''I think the relationship of indigenous people to their environment... that those were ethical omnivores.''' ,'''I think the obligation of an artist is to make a difference in the world. That is what matters most to me. I think that artists are the leaders of the world because they do not have a connection to the industrial complex, the day-to-day short-term survival that most people are involved with.''' ,'''I drove through the stockyards of Texas on a motorcycle. It doesn't let you escape what surrounds you and what it smells like and feels like - and what hit me was the realization that something that was alive and had feelings will suffer before a piece of it is placed on our plates.''' ,'''I auditioned for 'Revenge Of The Nerds,' and I so did not want the picture. I didn't want it. I didn't want be in anything that had nerds anywhere.''' ,'''Pets are humanizing. They remind us we have an obligation and responsibility to preserve and nurture and care for all life.''' ,'''I don't know how many parts I've lost because a lot of the politics in California are very conservative, and I'm fairly outspoken. I always tried to get as much politics in as I could, because I do believe in class struggle, and I think that's what's left out.''' ,'''During the run up to the Iraq War, Mike Farrell and I did get on television kind of frequently, but then they saw that that didn't work. They really couldn't bait us into being stupid, so they stopped. You know the mainstream media, corporate media, avoids ever giving anyone who has anything to say a platform, if they can possibly help it.''' ,'''The Academy Awards were basically created by the industry to promote pictures. They weren't really to acknowledge the performances. Then it became sort of this a great popularity contest and now, it's an incredible show and it's seen all over the world.''' ,'''We don't need to eat anyone who would run, swim, or fly away if he could.''' ,'''I play an 89-year-old man whose wife has Alzheimer's in a movie called 'Still.' I play a World War II veteran, I acted with my son and it's called 'Memorial Day.'''' ,'''Often we're recreating what we think we're supposed to be as human beings. What we've been told we're supposed to be, instead of who we authentically are. The key about the creation of full self-expression is to be authentically who you are, to project that.''' ,'''You don't just one day say, 'That's it, I'm doing this, I'm going to throw all my shoes out and I'm not eating honey and I won't drive my car because there are animal bones in the tires...' because you'd drive yourself around the bend.''' ,'''There is something intrinsically, systemically wrong with white, western culture, and if we don't fix it, it won't continue.''' ,'''Until men learn to celebrate and operate on the feminine aspect of themselves and stop the oppression of women, children, the environment, other species, we don't have a world to live in. It's not a world that anyone chooses to live in.''' ,''''Barney Miller' was a lot of fun. I'm very fond of Abe Vigoda. Most - a lot of people on that cast - I really liked.''' ,'''But if you really want to learn about life, get a cat. The way I think people should relate to animals is with a cat. Because the world is his.''' ,'''The kids know me from 'Babe,' but usually it is 'L.A. Confidential' that people remember, which was the second film I did. I have worked with some really good people and the films that I've done for the most part have been good.''' ,'''When I did 'Babe' I wanted to talk about animal rights without going through some convoluted justifications about using animal products.''' ,'''The last part of life is a spiritual concern. You need to find a context to put your life into, that will allow you to go through it with as much grace and balance as possible, even if there is rebellion and adventure and exploration and resistance.''' ,'''The health of the planet is at stake, because the cruelty and the waste that accompanies the slaughter of billions of animals each year literally infects us all. We could consume healthy plant-based food produced at almost infinitely less cost. What does that say, really, about us and what we're doing... to animals and to ourselves?''' ,'''I have a film called 'A Lonely Place For Dying,' which is the most watched film on the Internet, over 3 million hits, more than any of Hollywood's films.''' ,'''What is magnificent about humans is when they decide to turn and stand. If they respond with non-violence on principle and hold their ground, they are really magnificent.''' ,'''My first films were comedy, 'Murder By Death,' and 'The Cheap Detective.' But now they won't think of me as a comedian. Now, they think of me as a bad guy, and I can't do comedy.''' ,''''Jamie' is what my mother gave me, and that takes the onus off of being big. Somebody thinks, 'Oh, Jamie - how threatening can he be?'''' ,'''I always change my words in everything I do. I make the language fit, because I know the character from the inside out. Often character actors are not in a position to do that, but I do it. I don't change any cue and I never change anybody else's lines, but I make my own words fit my mouth.''' ,'''I was going to design sports cars, but my father came to my college to visit me. At the time he was making a picture in Sweden and he took me there with him. I got to see Ingmar Bergman's company and I thought, 'Gee, filmmaking is a lot more fun than sports cars,' so I decided to follow him and go into acting.''' ,'''I say a lot of things I shouldn't say.''' ,'''The attitude we have towards our personal pets as opposed to the animals that suffer under the factory farm is hypocritical and delusional.''' ,'''Anybody can call me Jamie, and you have to watch it when you call me James. Then there's going to be a problem.''' ,'''All of them - my father, mother, step-mother, and grandmother - were all wonderful actors and performers and they are an inspiration to me, both in their craft and in their humanity.''' ,'''My definition of a character actor is - they never get the girl.''' ,'''I was told by my agent that a number of big stars won't work with anyone two inches taller than them and most of them are under six feet, so you have to be prepared to have trouble.''' ,]
+++