+++
author = "H. G. Bissinger"
title = "H. G. Bissinger Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 H. G. Bissinger Quotes"
keywords = "h. g. bissinger,h. g. bissinger quotes,h. g. bissinger quote,h. g. bissinger sayings,h. g. bissinger saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I actually like football a great deal.''' ,'''I am the father of twin sons that were born in Philadelphia at Pennsylvania Hospital in 1983. They were 13 weeks premature. Gerry weighed 1 pound 14 ounces, and Zachary 1 pound 11 ounces. They were the first male twins to ever survive at Pennsylvania Hospital.''' ,'''In more than 20 years I've spent studying the issue, I have yet to hear a convincing argument that college football has anything do with what is presumably the primary purpose of higher education: academics.''' ,'''Committing unnecessary surgeries is very, very rare. And it's very wrong.''' ,'''One of the inspirations for my becoming a writer was the baseball board game Strat-O-Matic.''' ,'''My grandmother got her law degree from Syracuse University in roughly 1911 and later co-founded with her husband an investment banking firm on Wall Street known as Lebenthal & Co.''' ,'''I am 5'6' and desperately wish I was taller.''' ,'''I always had a curiosity about Texas. I had a curiosity about small-town life, although, granted, Odessa's not a tiny town.''' ,'''I think the only safe medium are books, because people like to hold books in their hand.''' ,'''But I would much prefer students going to college to learn and be prepared for the rigors of the new economic order, rather than dumping fees on them to subsidize football programs that, far from enhancing the academic mission instead make a mockery of it.''' ,'''I think the older you are, the more you're going to cling to the printed word as being sacred.''' ,'''One of the exciting things about reporting is going to places you've never been to before.''' ,'''I worked at my high school newspaper at Andover, which came out weekly, unusual for a high school paper. Then my first day at Penn I went right to the 'Daily Pennsylvanian' and pretty much spent most of my college career working both as the sports editor and then editor of the editorial page.''' ,'''Athletics: it's a wonderful thing, it's a spell-binding thing, nothing in life has quite as much pageantry, as much emotion within a finite time frame, it's incredibly exciting.''' ,'''Why did I become a writer? Because I grew up in New York City, and there were seven newspapers in New York City, and my family was an inveterate reader of newspapers and I loved holding a paper in my hand. It was something sacred.''' ,'''If someone is going to criticize what you've written and you believe in what you've written then you should respond.''' ,'''I like to write with a lot of emotion and a lot of power. Sometimes I overdo it; sometimes my prose is a little bit too purple, and I know that.''' ,'''Actually, my dog I think is the only person who consistently loves me all the time.''' ,'''I'm really not interested in other people's opinions, because I think frankly most of those opinions are either misinformed and adding to this endless ball of hot air we have in our society where everyone thinks their opinion is valuable and sacred and what counts.''' ,'''If you leave your wife and you don't ever contact her again, that says something about how you felt about the marriage.''' ,'''There are the medical dangers of football in general caused by head trauma over repetitive hits.''' ,'''Well I just always wanted to be a newspaper reporter.''' ,'''Teams are made up of a lot of components. They're made up of hunger, they're made up of desire, they're made up of chemistry, and they're made up of emotion.''' ,'''Maybe it's a tired tale, but without an education, you're not going to go anywhere.''' ,'''I don't have many friends in Philadelphia. I sort of have one. I have the dog and someone else.''' ,]
+++