+++
author = "Zoe Wanamaker"
title = "Zoe Wanamaker Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Zoe Wanamaker Quotes"
keywords = "zoe wanamaker,zoe wanamaker quotes,zoe wanamaker quote,zoe wanamaker sayings,zoe wanamaker saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't have any regrets about not having had children. What's the point? It's just something else to beat yourself up over.''' ,'''My mother was adorable, a great giggler. My father was very strong and could be quite frightening.''' ,'''I don't have the confidence to be a personality.''' ,'''Shakespeare showed me that once I understand the rules, I can break them.''' ,''''As You Like It' was the first Shakespeare production I ever did.''' ,'''I'm constantly intimidated by Shakespeare's work. Trying to decipher what he's saying and holding on to that thought - not just as an actor, but as a human being - is a rigour.''' ,'''I don't want to be a director, or to have responsibility for hundreds of people.''' ,'''My father's death from prostate cancer in 1993 was tragic. He never complained about pain. He was a fighter. By the time he was ready to die he wasn't able to die in the way that he wanted to, which seemed an outrage to me.''' ,'''I have lots of passions - gardens, art, music and reading. I have eclectic taste and read a huge variety of books.''' ,'''Shakespeare's taught me that there are more words in the English language than I have got in my head.''' ,'''I absolutely hate clothes shopping, though I love clothes. It's my idea of heaven to be handed things to wear.''' ,]
+++