+++
author = "China Machado"
title = "China Machado Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 China Machado Quotes"
keywords = "china machado,china machado quotes,china machado quote,china machado sayings,china machado saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''A model needs to know how to project herself into the camera.''' ,'''I have always done things that made me happy. I work with people I like, and I do the job I like. I only see people who I like to be with. I have led a wonderful life.''' ,'''I have some regrets that I might have hurt men in my life. But they can take care of themselves.''' ,'''You can't worry about ageing because that's the worst thing. If you start, then you just keep finding more things you don't like, and then you're finished. There are a lot of things I could have done to my face, but it would never stop.''' ,'''I would never become a big, big model in the commercial sense because I was such a type; you couldn't use me in everything.''' ,'''If there's one thing I could attribute my strength to, I would say it's the gift of laughter, which I inherited from my mother's side.''' ,'''I take off my makeup with Ponds cold cream, and then I wash myself with gentle soap and water, and that's it.''' ,'''I never dreamt that I would do all the things that I have done. But things just happened to me all the time.''' ,'''When you look at the runway now, the girls are 15 and 16 years old with no knowledge of clothes, no idea how to project themselves. I was trained how to show off the dress, how to move to make the clothes look better.''' ,'''I'm practical. I see something, and I do it.''' ,'''I wonder if it is harder for a woman who was beautiful to get older or a woman who was never looked at.''' ,'''Age is not a taboo in the fashion industry. One should learn what to wear to look good at any age.''' ,'''I do not really shop. Most of my clothes I make. I dress simply.''' ,'''No man has ever paid a single bill in my life - I didn't want it.''' ,'''When Dick Avedon died, I was so upset that I just started painting.''' ,'''I cook the food of Macau, my roots and soul food.''' ,'''I have no nationality, no country.''' ,'''I am China, pronounced as Chee-na. And I think it's time the world lets older women age gracefully.''' ,'''Originally a stylist took terrible dresses and did everything she could to make them wonderful. Now, you create an image. It's much more specialized.''' ,'''I make myself lie down every afternoon; otherwise I'll be too exhausted by the night-time. If I can't nap, I'll watch a little bit of TV and just relax for two or three hours.''' ,'''I'm not an outdoor girl. I can barely swim. I don't ride a horse.''' ,]
+++