+++
author = "Adam Ant"
title = "Adam Ant Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 Adam Ant Quotes"
keywords = "adam ant,adam ant quotes,adam ant quote,adam ant sayings,adam ant saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Prison's a walk in the park compared with being sectioned, mate, it really is.''' ,'''Bipolar disorder, manic depression, depression, black dog, whatever you want to call it, is inherent in our society. It's a product of stress and in my case over-work.''' ,'''I loved being in a band.''' ,'''It's good to play 100 per cent live - no tricks, no samples, no messing about.''' ,'''I want to do a make-up line for men.''' ,'''I like being infamous. I think it is safe being a cult.''' ,'''To me, style is consistency.''' ,'''When I was on a major label I felt obliged to say yes to every interview, tour and whatever else. The label is always telling you, 'This ain't going to last,' so I worked myself half to death. I learnt from that and I like to pace myself now.''' ,'''I think what's going on with gorillas is pretty bad. The fact is that you can buy gorilla meat in London any day you want it.''' ,'''If you make a mistake, you should enjoy it.''' ,'''I'm blind without my glasses.''' ,'''My daughter, Lily Caitlin, means the most to me in the world.''' ,'''I've been told I sold 110m albums and singles. If that's the case, I should've come here in a space rocket.''' ,'''Bad things happen sometimes.''' ,'''The touring was crazy, it was a lot of work. But I enjoyed it.''' ,'''Mental health needs a great deal of attention. It's the final taboo and it needs to be faced and dealt with.''' ,'''The brain isn't like the heart. They learned how to transplant a heart. The brain is more complex.''' ,'''I feel very grateful to be alive and well enough to make music.''' ,'''People weren't buying as many records. My record company did not want me. I went through three record companies, went on tour at the wrong time. It destroyed me.''' ,'''I just became a vegetable for three months. I couldn't talk to people. I was very ill and that was part of the reason I left college.''' ,'''I'm a rock and roll singer.''' ,'''Antidepressants are very good, but it's a clinical cosh, really. Sometimes you have to be knocked out, just to stop; when you're in that state all you want to do is just sleep, and rest your body and your brain.''' ,'''Since the decline of record companies and music sales, I've always played live.''' ,'''I became a man. Before that I was a little boy.''' ,'''I am quite an early riser - I usually get up between 5.30 and 6am and take the dogs out.''' ,'''When you work as hard as you can and as much as you can to make your first album, and you don't make any money, then you change things.''' ,'''I'm a punk rocker. I don't do Christian.''' ,'''I really knew I wanted to be Adam, because Adam was the first man. Ant I chose because, if there's a nuclear explosion, the ants will survive.''' ,'''Men look like pandas when they try and put make-up on.''' ,'''I got a little house in East L.A. and did the gardening. I was doing some acting here and there, doing my own thing... getting back to reality.''' ,'''I have loved eight women in my life. I remember every woman's face.''' ,'''My daughter's the greatest thing that's happened to me in my life and she turned me into a more responsible man, as opposed to just someone who's a perpetual teenager, thinking you're a man when you're not.''' ,'''Achievement results from work realizing ambition.''' ,'''I always like to tell a story.''' ,'''People tend to keep their distance.''' ,'''Depression is something that doesn't just go away. It's just... there and you deal with it. It's like... malaria or something. Maybe it won't be cured, but you've got to take the medication you're prescribed, and you stay out of situations that are going to trigger it.''' ,'''I just think, certainly for live music it should look as good as it sounds.''' ,'''Creative people are more prone to depression.''' ,'''I have suffered from depression for most of my life. It is an illness.''' ,'''It may be a coincidence, but from the minute I took anti-depressants, I didn't pick up a guitar or a pen for seven years.''' ,'''I wanted to make good records. But my problem is I've got a low boredom threshold, so I wanted it to look and sound different with each album, which is really tantamount to suicide, cause people lose it, they lose it - they say: 'I like that, and that's not this.'''' ,]
+++