+++
author = "Malin Akerman"
title = "Malin Akerman Quotes"
quotes_len = "74"
description = "the best 74 Malin Akerman Quotes"
keywords = "malin akerman,malin akerman quotes,malin akerman quote,malin akerman sayings,malin akerman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I get dolled up to go out, men turn their heads and I'm used to it. But I think all women are sexy and should embrace that side of themselves.''' ,'''Anytime you get to work with an actor who is beyond you in experience and talent, I feel like they make you a better actor. You really bring up your game.''' ,'''People are all vulnerable in so many different ways. We go into survival mode a lot of times.''' ,'''When you live in L.A., it is easy to stay fit, as the weather is amazing.''' ,'''I'm such a bad shopper for myself. I love fashion and all that kind of stuff, but that's sort of the last thing I want to do when I'm done with a film is go shopping. I want to just chill.''' ,'''I'm a big pasta fan. I'm a big Italian food fan. Anything Italian - I love cheese, mozzarella. Mozzarella is my favorite, so I have to say anything Italian, I'll take it.''' ,'''Turns out, I couldn't catch them - or even get close to them. I realized that sharks are amazing, beautiful animals who have absolutely no interest in checking me out.''' ,'''I'm a tooth person... I like quirky teeth. My husband has little teeth with spaces in between them. He hates them and I love them. I like people with buckteeth, and I like it when they crinkle a bit. It's very charming.''' ,'''New York reminds me a little bit of Canada and my upbringing. Los Angeles is like living in a vacation, and you have to pinch yourself every once and a while.''' ,'''I shouldn't say this, but I always love the sidekicks. I want to do a leading-lady role in a film - absolutely. But I find that a lot of times I get attracted to the sidekick role. They stand out a little more because they're quirkier, they're funnier, they're crazier.''' ,'''I loved 'Pan's Labyrinth.' It transported me into another world. I like fantasy worlds; I love 'Lord of the Rings' as well, for that reason, because you really get to get out of reality and go somewhere else.''' ,'''I never was shy, but as far as telling jokes, I'm the worst. I like physical comedy; it's where I feel comfortable.''' ,'''A lot of big studio films, which are fun and great, tend to have a formula, and you've seen it before, and it's a new version of it.''' ,'''How can you not love a man banging on the drums? He knows how to keep a rhythm.''' ,'''I have this weird obsession with kids and old people falling. Like, funny falls. It is awful, but it's the thing that makes me laugh the most.''' ,'''I don't mind being goofy and silly. I love to make people laugh and I'm not self-conscious.''' ,'''I was a groupie for a year and followed a band. I dated the drummer of the band.''' ,'''Jennifer Aniston and Paul Rudd are really amazing, lovely people and really great comedic actors.''' ,'''I'm gluten intolerant, so that automatically cuts carbs from my diet.''' ,'''I think we can leave mullets back in the '80s. I'm really not a big fan of them.''' ,'''I am extremely lucky that I have a husband who is so supportive. He's not in the slightest bit jealous or worried about the things I do in certain scenes.''' ,'''I'd love for my son to go, 'Hey, Mom, I'd love to have a career that is stable.' I'd be so happy. But of course, whatever makes him happy is what he's going to do.''' ,'''I was really shy growing up. I had braces, headgear, and no boobs - still don't. So, the boys weren't interested in me. The only way I could get attention was by being a goof and a dork, which meant a lot of physical comedy.''' ,'''I like when you watch a film and you feel like you're a part of somebody's life for an hour and a half.''' ,'''I've always felt so different from how I look. I meet so many pretty girls who are like, 'Here I am! Don't you want me because I look good?' That concept is so weird to me. I want to know, 'What else do you have going on?'''' ,'''My only requirement for life is that I don't get stuck in a rut.''' ,'''People do think you're more intelligent if you have dark hair. But my husband definitely prefers me as a blonde.''' ,'''I get horrified when I have to do table reads with the whole cast, because there's a lot of stuttering coming from me, so I have to do a lot of prep.''' ,'''Modeling was never anything that was a career choice. I did catalog work in Toronto to make money so that I could go to school.''' ,'''I always did TV commercials and made great money to put myself through school. That became guest starring roles on TV shows.''' ,'''I don't have a problem with being a woman. Women's bodies are so beautiful.''' ,'''I love a good Slash guitar riff. It's sexy!''' ,'''Women have a way of contorting things sometimes. We all have our moods, ups and downs. Or if the guy doesn't say anything when you walk out with a new top and the guy has no idea why you're mad at him. So of course, women are complicated.''' ,'''As a girl I wanted the Cyndi Lauper hairstyle, with the shaved side of the head, or the Sharon Stone perm from 'Total Recall.'''' ,'''You've got to allow yourself the things you enjoy or you'll just be miserable.''' ,'''I think Cate Blanchett is fabulous - she just shines in everything she does - and I'm a big Susan Sarandon fan.''' ,'''In '87, I was about 9 years old, and so at that point I was wearing, like, fluorescent green T-shirts and acid-wash jeans and leg warmers, and my hair was in a ponytail with a scrunchie and I had the teased bangs that were up in a rainbow shape. It was crazy.''' ,'''I love seeing when actors go from one genre to the next because I feel like most of them can pull it off.''' ,'''I love the Coen brothers. They're so brilliant, and they always surprise you in one way or another. 'A Serious Man' was awesome. I like stuff like that, that kind of throws you for a loop. It takes you on a journey that is unexpected.''' ,'''I think recharging is important, absolutely. Every now and then, you need maybe a couple of weeks to just chill out and let your emotions balance themselves out a little bit.''' ,'''I'm such a foodie, and I actually think I would rather lose my hearing than my taste.''' ,'''I always love the quirky stuff, which is why I love 'Childrens Hospital.' That really pushes the envelope of comedy.''' ,'''I was always active as a kid. I was a professional figure skater for many years and I was a dancer, so it's just been part of my life, and I think that creates a certain body type.''' ,'''My hair is naturally blond and thin, so I like to give it some texture. Sexy, dirty bedhead is good for blonds.''' ,'''We all in real life put on these masks - we don't swear when we're around certain people... When we come home, when you're on your own I'm sure you're really different than when you're with your boss.''' ,'''It's a great beauty tip, if you ever want to look five years younger, to shave off your eyebrows. It's amazing what it does. It really shaves off the years.''' ,'''I have been a goof my whole life. I wasn't really the popular girl in school and didn't have any boyfriends in high school because I was a nerd. I was a geek.''' ,'''The funny thing is that my husband couldn't be sweeter. He looks like this bad boy. He's got tattoos and earrings and a mohawk, but when you talk to him and he's around you, he's such a gentleman. He holds doors for ladies. He pulls out chairs. He cooks. He cleans.''' ,'''I feel nowadays a lot of bands can be too overly produced. There's something about the leather pants and bare bodies and Axl Rose running back and forth on a stage and going crazy. I love all that.''' ,'''Unfortunately, I like to feel a little stubble when I kiss. Women are too soft.''' ,'''I'm the type of person who doesn't want to sit alone in a restaurant or bar.''' ,'''I believe in eating as nutritiously as I can all the time... My mother raised me on fresh - rather than processed - foods, and that's how I eat on a regular basis.''' ,'''I can't walk by chocolate without eating it.''' ,'''I think it's critical in any character you play that it really is about reacting instead of acting. You can always tell when a person is acting.''' ,'''I wouldn't have made it past the first round of American Idol auditions. It was months before our first song was recorded. The guys were like, 'Just seeng!' And I was like, 'I don't know how to seeng! Can't I just play the triangle?'''' ,'''In Europe and Sweden, we see boobs on TV, and it's not a big deal. Everyone has them; everyone has seen them.''' ,'''Nutella. I dig my spoon in and eat it straight out of the jar. I can easily go through one a week.''' ,'''I'd love to do all types of film, not just comedy, although I love comedy.''' ,'''I do love doing films; I love going out and creating different characters for each film, and not having to be stuck with one role for many, many years. It's a creative liberty that I love.''' ,'''Those are my favorite kind of parts to do, just being a goofball and seeing how far you can go with something until you're just way out of line.''' ,'''I would love to interview Dave Grohl. I just think he's an amazing musician, and I grew up listening to Nirvana, so I have so many questions about that.''' ,'''Eventually, I went to college to study psychology, but I was getting more and more TV roles, so I thought, 'You know? It's kind of like psychology, but a little more selfish.' I took a break from school, moved to L.A., and never went back.''' ,'''Don't hate me, but I've always been skinny. I got lucky.''' ,'''I love when you get to work with people you know because there's so much more trust, and you're much more willing to be vulnerable in a scene with someone you trust.''' ,'''I don't really have an issue with showing certain parts of my body. I'd rather not, but it's not a big deal. Growing up in Sweden, it's natural over there.''' ,'''I meet so many pretty girls who are like, 'Here I am! Don't you want me because I look good?' That concept is so weird to me. I want to know, 'What else do you have going on?'''' ,'''There isn't a woman alive who doesn't have problems with her body. Including me!''' ,'''Who doesn't love a funny girl who can look sexy at the same time?''' ,'''In college, I wanted to be a child psychologist. Acting was just something on the side to make money. And it was fun.''' ,'''They say that your second trimester is when you get most of your energy and it's the 'easiest' part of the pregnancy.''' ,'''I still get excited by working with big names. You have that initial moment of, 'Oh my goodness, I'm going to work with Tom Cruise!'''' ,'''I do not watch horror films. At all. I am not a horror film girl; I don't have the stomach for it. I've seen a few in my lifetime, like 'The Shining' or 'Carrie,' but I can't sleep for, like, a week after I see something like that.''' ,'''I have all these nice clothes that I've bought over the years, and I never wear anything because, when you have a toddler, everything gets spilled, and they wipe their boogers on you, whatever. You end up shifting a little bit, and your values shift a bit, too. I don't care about that as much as I used to.''' ,'''Every time I'm in Canada I feel more Swedish, and every time I'm in Sweden I feel more Canadian. I belong in both places and I love them both equally. It's funny because the Swedes claim me as their Swedish pride and the Canadians call me their Canadian girl. I'll take it all.''' ,]
+++