+++
author = "Blac Chyna"
title = "Blac Chyna Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Blac Chyna Quotes"
keywords = "blac chyna,blac chyna quotes,blac chyna quote,blac chyna sayings,blac chyna saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I would like somebody confident who takes care of his business, is strong, healthy. Somebody that loves their family and treats their friends right - and treats me right.''' ,'''I'm a bargain shopper! I get a thrill from looking like a million dollars in an outfit that costs next to nothing.''' ,'''Everybody gets talked about. Jesus Christ got talked about. It's just what happens. It's just part of it. And if people aren't talking, it's like, who are you? So I really let the people talk.''' ,'''It takes a village to raise a child; that's how I basically balance it. It's twenty four hours in a day.''' ,'''Despite my high profile on social media, I'm a private person.''' ,'''I feel like the more I share, the more relatable I am.''' ,'''I'm not asking victims to change their behavior. I'm asking perpetrators not to commit crimes.''' ,'''Once respect comes, then loves come, and when love comes, a really healthy relationship comes, you know? If you don't have that, things just crumble.''' ,'''You can't change nothing unless you want to change it, and then if you don't like whatever situation it is, just grow from it, learn from it, don't let it happen again.''' ,'''I am just as comfortable in sweats and sneakers as I am in a dress and heels. Attitude is everything!''' ,'''I always liked having my own money and buying my own stuff. I didn't want to depend on somebody to do it for me.''' ,'''I don't care how somebody looks at me or their feelings. I know how I am.''' ,'''I like to cook as much as I love to eat, and I will eat pretty much anything if it's prepared well!''' ,'''Anyone I'm with has to love my son just as much as they love me, if not more, because I don't play any games with King.''' ,'''Wigs are my best friends. They let you be whoever you want to be.''' ,'''If you can't respect me, you have to respect the law.''' ,'''I feel like every person who's in a long-term relationship, or who is committed to their person, goes through ups and downs.''' ,'''I would just like to say something to all the women out there. You're not the only one that's probably going through something, so I feel as though if one person speaks up, maybe it - hopefully - will be a domino effect.''' ,'''Most of the time when you're around the opposite sex, you kinda have to put on a show and not completely be yourself.''' ,'''I am a big advocate of female entrepreneurs. I do what I can to advise and help them along in their careers.''' ,'''I enjoy an evening stroll. It helps me to reflect and eases stress.''' ,'''I don't care if it's one dollar or a thousand dollars - I'm going to go out and get it.''' ,'''Everything isn't always going to be peaches and cream. If it is, then it's fake.''' ,'''I'm always sexy. You gotta stay sexy.''' ,'''I know how I treat my friends and family and kids, and that's all I'm worried about.''' ,'''I always wanted to have that brother-sister rivalry type of stuff. So now I'm happy that at least Dream and King won't be the only child being super spoiled.''' ,'''If I'm feeling like a Barbie girl, I'm gonna throw that blonde wig on. It's just the mood.''' ,'''Sweats and some flip-flops is what you'll get from me, or you'll get some six-inch pumps and a ruffled shirt.''' ,'''I actually have Robert Kardashian blocked from my Instagram.''' ,'''You have some people that's weak, and you have some people that's strong. I consider myself a very strong person.''' ,'''I feel like nobody really knows my story, which I see as a good thing, and I'm kind of happy about that.''' ,'''I feel like the more real we are, the more people will respect that.''' ,'''Tyga takes King to school, I take him to school - we pretty much split our time with him down the middle. So, co-parenting isn't bad at all with Tyga.''' ,'''I want to show people that I am that good friend and the person that a lot of people actually come to confide in or even, just, to be around that good energy, because that's what I'm all about.''' ,]
+++