+++
author = "Erik Spoelstra"
title = "Erik Spoelstra Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Erik Spoelstra Quotes"
keywords = "erik spoelstra,erik spoelstra quotes,erik spoelstra quote,erik spoelstra sayings,erik spoelstra saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My wife has now made a point of, after losses, to bring our son into the bed when he wakes up in the morning. So when I'm waking up and I'm still obsessing over whatever happened the night before, I see this little guy right in front of me smiling and wanting to connect with me. It's totally changed how I compartmentalize.''' ,'''We're not above a Game 7. We're not above competition.''' ,'''I'm an NBA basketball coach. I'm not an official, and I'm not trying to be an official.''' ,'''I only knew that I didn't like the AAU culture. I knew that if I had a chance someday, that I would love to be able to, even if it was a small drop in a bucket, to be able to change the culture and be a part of a positive change.''' ,'''Some people might think they need to venture out on their own to create their own image. I do not have any of those kind of feelings.''' ,'''I have to be true to myself, and that's what I know for sure. I can't try to be anybody else.''' ,'''You need guys that have been playoff-tested and have that experience.''' ,'''My first year in Miami, I didn't even know it was sunny during the winter.''' ,'''Zones are easier just to throw out there and you don't have to really teach it.''' ,'''When things that normally work aren't working, you have to go to something else.''' ,'''I think what we focus on is every game is a different challenge, and you have to find ways to put yourself in position to win, and you have to have a resourcefulness, and it's not always going to go according to play.''' ,'''I'm going to demand. I'm going to push and prod. And a lot of times, players don't know what is needed for a team to break through.''' ,'''It doesn't matter whether you're a former player or you come up through the video room, whether you come from college. You have to earn that trust from NBA players every day.''' ,'''You have to be ready for anything in the playoffs.''' ,'''This is a beautiful game.''' ,'''I want to do this for as long as I possibly can and coach as many different teams and opportunities and different kind of personalities. I want to gobble that all up. And I want to be able to give and add value to these teams.''' ,'''So much of this league is just about alignment. Who cares what you believe in, who cares what your culture is, can you get a group of people that are aligned?''' ,'''Come on, if you lose, no one's going to be happy and nor should they be.''' ,'''I mean we just simply can't stand for the systemic racism, social injustice and police brutality against the black community anymore. And it's really about standing up for what's right versus what's wrong.''' ,'''Everybody overestimates what you can do in a day and underestimates what you can do in months of work.''' ,'''I say it time and time again: You have to do things with force and speed and pace.''' ,'''It is terrific to be involved with changing people's perceptions, and the world is changing.''' ,'''I've traveled enough around the world with the NBA to see how much it's grown, globally.''' ,'''We're always trying to evolve and find more efficient ways, more fluent ways to evaluate our players, evaluate our opponent and evaluate our prospects.''' ,'''When you work for Pat Riley, you're not just putting your hands on the basket and hanging out during practice. He puts you in positions where you have to coach. You have to be enthusiastic and fierce with your preparation and work ethic.''' ,'''When I was a player I'd black out and shoot for hours.''' ,'''When I see a league with a lot of change and turnover, yes, there's a lot of big narratives out there, but I see opportunity.''' ,'''It's never easy to compete for a title.''' ,'''The reality is that luck does play a part of it. It does. Ultimately it's a make or miss league.''' ,'''This league does teach you that it's inevitable that there's constant change, and you always have to continue to embrace change, adapt with change.''' ,'''It's amazing how much things can get exaggerated.''' ,'''Competition matters.''' ,'''I think we would all prefer to have a slightly shorter regular season with less back-to-back games. This would seem to help put out a better product, and it could also possibly help with injury prevention from over-use injuries.''' ,'''It's really a shame for the coaching profession that it's so volatile.''' ,'''You have to be able to compete, put yourself out there, make yourself vulnerable, to go for something that you want.''' ,'''Each game, each series, there's so many different things that are going on and you have to find different ways to impact winning.''' ,'''You better believe Goran Dragic is going to have a big impact on the ball.''' ,'''It's not just about winning or losing, but to learn about teamwork, learn about sportsmanship, learn about discipline. The value of working together for a common goal. Have the emphasis on fundamentals, not just games.''' ,'''If you're only focusing on yourself, then you're not going to help the team.''' ,'''I just hate this term of 'essential' staff, and 'non-essential' staff.''' ,'''Really, the scheme is not going to win you a possession or even a game. You have to burn some calories and make some things happen.''' ,'''If you want something badly enough, you'll figure it out.''' ,'''I've learned pretty quickly you better be able to adjust daily.''' ,'''We've watched 'Beauty and the Beast' at least 30 to 35 times, 'Moana,' 'Despicable Me' - '1,' '2' and '3' - all of these multiple times.''' ,'''The most important thing is there is a foundation and an accountability to a system.''' ,'''Obviously, I've been very fortunate to be able to work for a Hall of Famer, to be able to coach a lot of Hall of Famers.''' ,'''When you're usually competing and contending, you're not relying on younger players to produce for you.''' ,'''We don't teach player development in that way, to be able to try to trick the officials or make sounds or jerk your head back.''' ,'''Anything can happen, and you have to be able to understand the reality of the world that we live in.''' ,'''Sometimes, you have a hunch and then you find numbers that substantiate that, it makes either the staff or the players say, 'OK, let's fix that.'''' ,'''A coach-player relationship in this league often will be confrontational at times. And other times, it's smooth sailing. But just the dynamic of the competitive nature of everybody, expectations, results - all these things combine, yeah, sometimes it will get testy. And that's good.''' ,'''When you get into the playoffs, there become a lot of different storylines. But it's all about putting together a team that competes for a title.''' ,'''The more that we've tried to think conventionally in terms of guys playing just a specific position, it restricted us a little bit.''' ,'''By the time you get to the conference finals, you can't hide. It's not like your opponent is going to be experienced on how to try to exploit you. You have to have the right kind of habits and hopefully have been tested enough in those habits... to be able to still get to your identity.''' ,'''Family keeps you very grounded.''' ,'''I have too many to count. Put it this way, I rival my wife with the amount of shoes she has in Jordans.''' ,'''It's always easier to sacrifice when you're not the one who has to do it.''' ,'''League-wide, 99 percent of the rumors are just way off base.''' ,'''I really find comfort in watching film and obtaining knowledge and I use statistics and computer generated stuff to help me get those stats. That was probably a result of my father's influence on me at a young age.''' ,'''I kept a chart each day so I had an idea of how many shots I took and how many I made. Looking back on it now, I can appreciate the work ethic I put forward.''' ,'''Bam understands the concept of a team and bringing out more out of somebody else, and he finds enjoyment and pride out of making somebody else better.''' ,'''The unified message in this fight against systemic racism and racial inequality is something that our entire Association is united to fight against.''' ,'''If you want to win in a tough place, you're going to have to make tough plays, you're going to have to get stops.''' ,'''If you're a competitor, this is what you want. You want all of the games to have meaning, context and to be the best competition.''' ,'''Yes, there's more access to film than when I first came into the league, but because of it there's a desire to see more and study more and cover more.''' ,'''When players come in and we talk to them about what it means to be a Miami Heat player, we point them at Udonis Haslem.''' ,'''It's my personality naturally to try to fly under the radar.''' ,'''Dwyane is just sensational. Look, he has all the qualities of a champion, of a winner, of a Hall of Fame player and talent, but his humanity, empathy and his ability to articulate his feelings separates him from everybody else.''' ,'''Painful experiences can be the most powerful teacher.''' ,'''I think it's important to remain true to myself, but ultimately the Miami Heat and what it stands for is part of me. It's part of my fabric.''' ,'''You don't have to be humbled to be humble.''' ,'''Success can be a horrible teacher.''' ,'''Sometimes things don't happen on your timetable.''' ,'''I'm a product of Pat Riley and his culture.''' ,'''You're all over the place usually with young players. You're trying to manage their emotions and teach them NBA situations. It usually takes months, even years, to learn and recognize NBA situations and then to develop a level of competitiveness that's necessary at this level.''' ,'''Seasons just don't go easy all the way through.''' ,'''I've always been a takeout, order-out guy.''' ,'''It's a treasure to be part of a Game 7 against a worthy opponent.''' ,'''I think it's gonna take a sincere empathy and compassion for people of all races, to really reflect and process on the true history of the black community in this country. The history has been filled with incredible oppression and we really have to acknowledge that, to start to change the lens of how we see true equality.''' ,'''Basketball is a beautiful game and it's afforded all of us in this profession so many things. To give back any time we can is gratifying.''' ,'''You can't stay who you are... Things change and you have to be able to adapt.''' ,'''I've always loved Air Jordans. My favorite one was the Air Jordan No. 1 with the black front. What's ironic about that is I don't own a pair of those. I probably have countless pairs but they're my favorite ones. I had the poster in my room. Those are my favorite Jordan shoes of all time. I've just never bought them for myself.''' ,'''I've done a lot of the NBA programs in the Philippines and other places in South Florida. But I've always wanted to be a part of BWB in Africa.''' ,'''I'm definitely not trying to go out of my way to create my own image or ensure my own imprint.''' ,'''It's such a great lesson for young players in this league that winning is the most important thing, and that's what Dwyane embodies.''' ,'''I don't condemn fans for getting excited about possibilities.''' ,'''After a couple losses, I normally wouldn't say anything to my wife in the morning, just kind of grunt and grumble and grab my coffee and get on my way out.''' ,'''In my mind, this is an 'and,' it's not 'either' 'or' or 'but.' Yeah, you can feel a certain way about honoring the flag and the country, and feel that there needs to be some significant changes in the system, regarding racial inequalities.''' ,'''I'm a stay-in-the-present momentist.''' ,'''Look, we're the Miami Heat, so we know how to work, we know how to grind.''' ,'''The officials have a tough job to do. But that's what they're hired to do and that's what they spend all their time doing.''' ,'''South Floridians, we can relate to storms where you just brace and hold your breath and even when you're holding your breath you know the worst is coming.''' ,'''Simplicity is often one of the greatest strengths.''' ,'''I hate this quality, but I can go to dark levels when we lose. It's not a panic attack, but there's anxiety. I'm inconsolable. I'm a train wreck. I'm being myself. Then I get this crazy, intense focus, where I get desperate not to be embarrassed again. That dark spot is what I tap into. Creativity comes from there.''' ,'''You obviously have to build a culture, a foundation. You must build the right talent however you do it. Then you have to build the systems and the habits.''' ,'''True success in the N.B.A., you must have consistency of culture.''' ,'''Jimmy Butler embodies those qualities just like the Heat players of our great past have done before. Alonzo Mourning, Chris Bosh, Udonis Haslem. He just embodies these qualities of professionalism, of work, of accountability, of being reliable. And he leads.''' ,'''When my grandfather was a journalist for the Detroit Tigers, he dressed the part. I mention it always to our local media: sport coat, tie, very professional and a nice cap on his head. And they also developed very close friendships with the players and staff traveling.''' ,'''I've never really been a barbecue guy.''' ,'''Nothing is absolutely 100 percent guaranteed.''' ,]
+++