+++
author = "Troy Aikman"
title = "Troy Aikman Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Troy Aikman Quotes"
keywords = "troy aikman,troy aikman quotes,troy aikman quote,troy aikman sayings,troy aikman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was 0-11 as a starter, and there were times when I walked off the field wondering if I'd ever win a game in the NFL.''' ,'''When I work a Cowboys game, my social media will blow up with, 'Hey, don't forget who you played for,' or, 'You traitor.'''' ,'''I don't know if I want to be 65 or 67, still broadcasting games. But, why not? What else are you going to do?''' ,'''Playing a rookie at quarterback tells the other players that you're giving up the season.''' ,'''I don't understand why guys want to be controversial and in the press all the time. It's just not my nature.''' ,'''My 21st birthday was probably the worst day of my life.''' ,'''It's one thing if you're a part of teams that won five championships. But it's an extremely different argument if you're a big reason for those championships.''' ,'''If you're healthy and you're told that you're capable of playing and the medical staff signs off on it, to me, you play because that's what you are paid to do.''' ,'''I sometimes get frustrated with how important Dallas Cowboys' football is to people. It's extremely important to me, too, but football is what I do.''' ,'''I've lived in Texas now longer than anywhere and then California and then Oklahoma, but yet Oklahoma is what I consider home.''' ,'''I think it's nice to win awards, but my goal is not to win the Heisman: it's to get to the Rose Bowl.''' ,'''I'm not here to propel myself into the limelight. I'm here to win a football game. If I am propelled into the limelight, I want it to be because of what I do on the football field, not because of some grand marketing strategy.''' ,'''I have a real hard time classifying anything as my biggest moment, my favorite color or whatever.''' ,'''As the equipment has gotten better - and it's gotten better in an attempt to try to protect the player more - then the equipment becomes used more as a weapon.''' ,'''I don't think Dallas has ever really had a great home field advantage.''' ,'''Most people assume you change with success.''' ,'''I'm looking forward to being a supporter of the Dallas Cowboys. I want to watch them win another Super Bowl.''' ,'''I don't want to be the poster boy for head injury. I shouldn't be the poster boy for head injury. I have really tried to distance myself from that.''' ,'''If head coaches weren't important to the success of a team, then owners wouldn't fire them all the time.''' ,'''I probably would have played baseball if I had stayed in California... But I like Oklahoma better now. Football is bigger here. It's more exciting, anyway.''' ,'''The year we went to our first Super Bowl in 1992, we were the youngest team in football. We played in the Super Bowl against a team that had a wealth of playoff experience and Super Bowl experience, and we dominated that football game.''' ,'''As a quarterback, I appreciated the passer rating whether you threw the ball a majority of the time or if you didn't throw it as much. You were judged on a level playing field, and I thought teams should be ranked similarly.''' ,'''To say, 'I don't worry about perception,' you better worry about perception because it's a big part of making it through some very difficult times.''' ,'''In college, I was making a lot of presnap reads. It was much easier.''' ,'''It doesn't matter how tough you are. It doesn't matter how smart you are or what a great leader you are. None of that stuff matters if you can't put the ball where you have to put it.''' ,'''A lot of coaches and players get so tunnel-visioned that when they do have some time off, they spend it concentrating on the game.''' ,'''I didn't know anybody who went to Rangers games. Then, when they started winning and going to World Series, everybody's wearing Rangers hats.''' ,'''No matter what happens for the rest of my career, at least I can say I took my team to a Super Bowl, and I was able to win.''' ,'''Most of the pressure, if not all, is self-imposed.''' ,'''It is relatively easy... to determine whether or not a blow to a quarterback was deemed excessive or incidental. So I'm discouraged that there have been a number of games that are influenced - not that the outcomes are in question - but a number of games influenced based on the protection of the quarterback.''' ,'''What I am is a direct result of how I was raised.''' ,'''I wish there was a switch that I could flip, where no one knows me. And then, when I'm ready to make a splash, I'd flip the switch and say, 'Hey, I'm ready now.' Unfortunately, that doesn't happen.''' ,'''I have been playing this game since I was 7 years old, and to all of a sudden recognize that you're not going to do it anymore is hard.''' ,'''I've never gotten into anything that I didn't feel I'd be successful doing.''' ,'''Working with someone who's got your best interest at heart can make all the difference.''' ,'''I'm not an open person. Something's really got to be troubling me to have heart to heart talks with anybody.''' ,'''As long as we're having contact and as long as there are collisions, there's going to be head injuries. What the long-term consequences are of that, we're beginning to learn, and that definitely will have an impact on the game as we know it.''' ,'''As a former player, I have a real appreciation for a guy like Aaron Rodgers and how much time he puts into his craft and how good he is doing it.''' ,'''I was 22 my rookie year.''' ,'''I didn't know any hockey fans in Dallas.''' ,'''I'm not a guy who needs the spotlight. It's not something I have to have. I'm content to sit at home.''' ,'''The one thing disappointing I had coming out of college was not playing in the Rose Bowl.''' ,'''The thing I've always liked about the playoffs is the finality of it and knowing there's so much importance on every play.''' ,'''I'm a drop-back passer, and those seldom win Heismans.''' ,'''As a player, you can't express ideas and opinions as easily as when you're doing a ballgame.''' ,'''Years ago, the NFL influenced what happened in college. It's the other way around now.''' ,'''When you stand and talk about player safety, and then, at the same time, you want to extend the season two more games, there's a contradiction in there.''' ,'''The quarterback I enjoy watching the most is Dan Marino.''' ,'''As a quarterback, your job is to move the football and win games, to be a leader on the field.''' ,'''I believe success is achieved by acquiring and developing talented, respected, and credible individuals, none of which applies to Skip Bayless.''' ,'''A lot of people believe that I retired from the game of football because of concussions - that is not accurate. I really retired primarily because of a degenerative back condition that I had.''' ,'''It's not important to me that everyone knows everything about me or that I reveal all that I am or have.''' ,'''I will always root for the Sooners.''' ,'''I would bet you that even though people think I absorbed an inordinate number of head injuries, I'd say relative to the number of guys who have played this game, I would say that my head injuries were relatively small.''' ,'''They portray me as a hick just because I enjoy some of the things people in Oklahoma like. I think people expect me to come out wearing my boots and spurs.''' ,'''I was brought up not to brag. I've always disliked people who do.''' ,'''It's not always statistics that determine the best player, especially the quarterback.''' ,'''I think when the cameras are on him is when Coach Switzer is at his best.''' ,'''I have often said social media is a race to the bottom.''' ,'''I consider myself to be one of the really, really fortunate ones to have gotten out of the game as healthy as I did.''' ,'''I had two concussions that were of major concern, what I would term very significant. As far as head injury goes, I would say all of the others were pretty minor and inconsequential.''' ,'''I know what a championship locker room looks like, what a championship team requires.''' ,'''At one time, watching football was an event. Monday Night Football was a big event.''' ,'''I don't think I can fully explain what happens when you take on the role of quarterback of the Dallas Cowboys. Sometimes, I can't even explain it to myself.''' ,'''The one thing about being an athlete, say you are struggling with throwing a comeback route, well, then you go out and practice it. You throw it 100 times a day, and you get better at it, and you see those improvements pretty rapidly.''' ,'''My father was not a man you wanted to mess with.''' ,'''As long as we're wearing helmets and shoulder pads - there's collisions between these big, physical, fast guys - head injuries are going to be a part of it.''' ,'''There are not many Chicagos, where people go out and support their sports teams, whether they are struggling or not.''' ,'''Not long ago, every time I did a picture shoot for a magazine, the photographer would ask me to show up wearing jeans and cowboy boots. They seemed to think I was a hillbilly. Now it's different. Now they're not quite sure what to make of me. And I show up wearing whatever I want.''' ,'''As a kid, I used to practice my signature, working on the way I wanted to sign my autograph.''' ,'''I've said for many, many years, as long as I can ever remember, when I'm asked, 'Hey, what do you look for first in a quarterback?' The first thing I look for is accuracy, because the rest of it doesn't matter.''' ,'''I don't try to please anybody. I try to win.''' ,'''I think I'm a harder critic on myself than anybody is. I think I judge myself harder than any of the coaches do.''' ,'''I do not have a son; if I had a son, I wouldn't necessarily discourage him from playing football, but I don't know that I would encourage him to play, either.''' ,'''I always play every game in my mind before it begins. A lot of times in a game, a play will happen, and it will feel like deja vu, like I've seen the play happen before in my mind.''' ,'''Hey, I'm big-boned.''' ,'''I am not too open of a person. I don't really understand why someone holding a notepad and pen thinks he can ask me anything and then is offended when I don't answer.''' ,'''I'm happy to do some endorsements if I believe in the product. You're only in this game a short time, and you want to collect the money while you can.''' ,'''I just think Cam Newton is a guy who doesn't get overwhelmed by the moment. He seems to thrive in the spotlight.''' ,'''It's who you get to share life with, not the actual experiences, that makes living so worthwhile.''' ,'''I believe - and this is my opinion - that at some point, football is not going to be the No. 1 sport. You talk about the ebbs and flows of what's popular and what's not. At some point, the TV ratings are not going to be there.''' ,'''Winning is hard. Repeating is harder.''' ,'''I'll never forget when I was 12 years old. I couldn't wait until the day I was 16 and could drive a car. I thought that'd be the end of life's problems. I mean, you can drive! What is there left? And then I turned 16 and realized there were still problems.''' ,'''If you do anything with the Cowboys, there's an interest in it. And there are people who constantly want to write books about our teams in the '90s. They want to interview me. I say, 'Look, I've done it a million times. I'm just not interested. What's left to tell?'''' ,'''I dwell in the past.''' ,'''You can't just can't simply replace head coaches and say, 'Now it's going to be better.'''' ,'''I have an idea of marriage as being a sharing type of deal.''' ,'''I've always known football.''' ,'''I handled myself as a quarterback in the manner I thought necessary.''' ,'''I always have been comfortable with my opinions and how I feel about the play on the field, and how it should be done and how teams should go about playing the game.''' ,'''Whenever anybody has talked about concussions, they immediately talk about me and Steve Young.''' ,'''Because the hash marks are narrower in the pros, the ball's always closer to the middle of the field. So if you're a defensive back, you can wait a lot longer before committing to a certain part of the field.''' ,'''You get down on yourself. You get disappointed in yourself. I expect more out of myself. As far as losing confidence as far as what I can do, that won't ever happen.''' ,'''Some coaches don't want their players to be the stars. They want their systems to be the stars.''' ,'''When you start looking at guys like Brett Favre, for instance, and other great quarterbacks that have played - Peyton Manning - you say, 'Gosh, how will these guys be replaced?'''' ,'''I think having won a Super Bowl puts you on a different level. I know, for me, it's extremely important to win this ballgame.''' ,'''The only way you're gonna eliminate helmet-to-helmet contact is to take the helmets off. Go back to leather helmets. I mean, I think a defensive player would be much less inclined to lead with his head if he had no protection.''' ,'''Broadcasting keeps you relevant.''' ,'''Look, the only way for me to enjoy the game is to be consumed by it, to compete at a level where I know, at the end of that game, that my teammates and I did our absolute best.''' ,'''Football is a tough game. It's a tough game for tough people.''' ,]
+++