+++
author = "Courtney Barnett"
title = "Courtney Barnett Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Courtney Barnett Quotes"
keywords = "courtney barnett,courtney barnett quotes,courtney barnett quote,courtney barnett sayings,courtney barnett saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm very hands on with my music - I do all the artwork and everything myself - and the songs I write aren't necessarily the most commercial.''' ,'''I played in school jazz bands and tried to start rock bands, but nobody was interested.''' ,'''Leaving the house is a big enough occasion for me, so getting on a plane and flying across the world and playing to a room full of people is just out of this world.''' ,'''I have a normal life; I don't do anything crazy.''' ,'''I keep a journal and just kind of take notes. I don't really so much sit down and write songs - I just take a lot of notes, and sometimes I sit down and put them all together.''' ,'''I'm self-deprecating - I spend a lot of time telling myself that things are OK, as opposed to having to tell myself to get over things.''' ,'''I started writing songs when I started learning guitar.''' ,'''If I write something down, it's normally just a sharp one-liner.''' ,'''I really want a Christmas in New York one year, when it's snowing. Like, it's Christmas morning, and you have a fight with someone, and you run down the street, and it's snowing, and you can't find them.''' ,'''The first song I wrote was called 'You,' and it was a love song about somebody who didn't even exist.''' ,'''When I was on the road with Billy Bragg, it was cool because I was doing the whole thing solo and travel a lot by myself, which I quite like. I mean, I love being with friends, but it's kind of nice having that alone time.''' ,'''When I started Milk! Records, it was a pretty non-profit making venture.''' ,'''We're a very success-driven culture, which is such a downer at times. Even if you don't think that way, you're forced to think that way. Everyone is trying to subconsciously out-do everyone else.''' ,'''I grew up listening to hipster jazz and classical records... we went and watched ballet and orchestras - lots of cool stuff. Which I'm really grateful for - it's pretty nice being introduced to that when you're little.''' ,'''Dad sometimes sends me texts saying, 'Just heard you on the radio, thumbs up', or whatever. So that's pretty cute.''' ,'''What's funny about the slacker thing, people project an image of what they think a musician is: young, slack, unemployed - like a really romantic idea of a poet, writer or musician - which isn't really true a lot of the time. I don't reckon you would know anything about me if I wasn't moderately hard-working.''' ,'''I grew up listening to Nirvana and then went through some bad '90s pop stuff - a lot of Australian one-hit wonders.''' ,'''I don't like to overcook songs.''' ,'''I never planned to be a professional artist - I just want to be a sustainable artist. I guess they're the same thing if you look at them from a different angle.''' ,'''I'm just not very comfortable talking about my emotions on a normal, day-to-day basis.''' ,'''You can't read when you're traveling with other people; it always feels a bit rude.''' ,'''I just get bored really quickly and want to push myself to the next level.''' ,'''People are like, 'Wow you started your own record label,' and treat me like I'm some sort of innovative genius, when I'm not at all. You've got the Internet and music - you put them together, and people hear your music.''' ,'''An album is a thing you take time out and go work on.''' ,'''I just want to be self-sustainable so that I can continue to just do what I like to do and not make a million dollars. Nobody needs a million dollars.''' ,'''I liked the idea of being a photographer, just that you take this one picture of this one thing that'll never happen again - it's a bit weird when you think about it.''' ,'''I hate going anywhere. I'm really excited to travel and play all these different places, but if I had it my way, I would stay inside, maybe go to the back garden or walk around the corner to the shops. That's it.''' ,'''Everyone writes in whatever way feels comfortable to them. People write songs because maybe they don't feel so comfortable talking about whatever matters.''' ,'''If I make a wrong decision, I worry what might have been. I stress out over very insignificant things.''' ,'''I like reading biographies because most of them are slightly similar, and it's voyeuristic, looking into someone's life.''' ,'''Artists thrive off each other, and when you see other people doing cool stuff, it inspires you to do cool stuff.''' ,'''Obviously, the more you tour, the more comfortable you get.''' ,]
+++