+++
author = "Helena Bonham Carter"
title = '''I have to struggle to change people's perceptions of me. I grew very frustrated with the perception that I'm this shy, retiring, inhibited aristocratic creature when I'm absolutely not like that at all. I think I'm much more outgoing and exuberant than my image.'''
description = '''the best Helena Bonham Carter Quote: I have to struggle to change people's perceptions of me. I grew very frustrated with the perception that I'm this shy, retiring, inhibited aristocratic creature when I'm absolutely not like that at all. I think I'm much more outgoing and exuberant than my image.'''
slug = '''i-have-to-struggle-to-change-peoples-perceptions-of-me-i-grew-very-frustrated-with-the-perception-that-im-this-shy-retiring-inhibited-aristocratic-creature-when-im-absolutely-not-like-that-at-all-i-think-im-much-more-outgoing-and-exuberant-than-my-image'''
keywords = '''I have to struggle to change people's perceptions of me. I grew very frustrated with the perception that I'm this shy, retiring, inhibited aristocratic creature when I'm absolutely not like that at all. I think I'm much more outgoing and exuberant than my image.,helena bonham carter,helena bonham carter quotes,helena bonham carter quote,helena bonham carter sayings,helena bonham carter saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation'''
+++
I have to struggle to change people's perceptions of me. I grew very frustrated with the perception that I'm this shy, retiring, inhibited aristocratic creature when I'm absolutely not like that at all. I think I'm much more outgoing and exuberant than my image.
