+++
author = "Claire Holt"
title = "Claire Holt Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Claire Holt Quotes"
keywords = "claire holt,claire holt quotes,claire holt quote,claire holt sayings,claire holt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am so glad I was able to do 'The Originals,' and I want to be a part of that family for a long time.''' ,'''My boyfriend - Matt Kaplan - is American, so any time I'm unsure of how to say something, I say, 'Hey how do you say this?' and he yells it out.''' ,'''I came to America at such a young age, and I was so naive that I didn't realise what I was getting myself into; maybe that's why it worked out for me.''' ,'''The thing about 'Aquarius' is it's incredibly original, and it's really different than anything on network television. The story is so compelling, and it's something people are fascinated by.''' ,'''I would love to continue to challenge myself by trying different things. Action, Drama, Comedy. I would be grateful to do any and all of it if someone is kind enough to hire me!''' ,'''I was always taught about the importance of giving back and helping those less fortunate. I think it's also incredibly rewarding.''' ,'''Chocolate is really a problem. I'm trying to be healthy right now, so I'll eat carob chips, which are kind of like chocolate. But sometimes I'll have a midnight snack, and I'll wake up, and I'll find chocolate in my bed.''' ,'''A lot of people ask me, when I mention I'm from Australia, that I must have been on 'Home And Away,' and I tell them was one of the few who didn't take that route. That's because I auditioned for 'Home And Away,' and I didn't get booked, so you'd call that a knock back.''' ,'''Nothing clears my head and puts things in perspective quite like a long, hard run.''' ,'''The great thing about 'Pretty Little Liars' is it shoots in Los Angeles where my home is, so I got to live at home and wake up in my own bed.''' ,'''One of the greatest gifts in life is giving time and giving love. It helps me to stay grateful and happy.''' ,'''I've become completely obsessed with Netflix original programming. 'House of Cards' and 'Orange is the New Black' are two of my new favorite shows. I also love having access to such an amazing library of film and television and have watched some truly enlightening documentaries.''' ,'''Skype is one of the world's greatest inventions. I use it almost daily to connect with the people I care about when I'm away shooting. It makes the distance so much more bearable and I actually feel like I'm in the same room as my loved ones.''' ,'''I was born in the 1980s, so learning about the late 1960s was really fascinating, not only just because of the way things looked and sounded but because of what was going on in society at that time.''' ,'''Every morning, I wake up and make the most nutrient-dense green smoothie I can.''' ,'''I am actually terrified of sharks; it is my number-one fear.''' ,'''One of the interesting things about being a female police officer in the '60s is they really didn't have opportunities to do any serious police work - they filed, and they made coffee, and they were treated like secretaries.''' ,]
+++