+++
author = "Angad Bedi"
title = "Angad Bedi Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Angad Bedi Quotes"
keywords = "angad bedi,angad bedi quotes,angad bedi quote,angad bedi sayings,angad bedi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am not a big fan of seeing kids on social media.''' ,'''Kids are an extension of you and it is important to raise them well.''' ,'''I would love to follow a career graph like Akshay Kumar's.''' ,'''When you have a child, the happiness that it will give you cannot be matched by any number of zeroes on a cheque.''' ,'''Neha and I were part of a very small, tightly-knit group of close friends. Others in the group like Yuvraj Singh and Gaurav Chopra got married. That left only two of us. So we decided to get married.''' ,'''I want to do films that will make an impact and project me in a different way.''' ,'''My childhood dream was to work with Mr Bachchan and 'Pink' fulfilled that.''' ,'''I am just indulging in watching our daughter grow, seeing her walk around the house, get up and sometimes fall on her bum, it is a beautiful sight and very heartening to see her becoming a loving and happy child.''' ,'''Firstly, what anyone does in their personal life, I am no one to comment on that. Secondly, allegations can be levelled at anyone. What if tomorrow someone makes an allegation against me? What do I do? How do I? Is there a probe? Does it get proved? Is it true... there are many questions I have regarding #MeToo in my head.''' ,'''I've picked up a lot of muscle weight. I have to be a physically strong guy.''' ,'''Janhvi is the most spontaneous artiste and a very respectful person.''' ,'''My wife and I, we are both blessed to have our daughter.''' ,'''I hope 'Tiger 3' gets made because it's a great franchise to be a part of. I hope I get repeated in 'Tiger 3' also because I feel that to work with Salman Khan Sir is the biggest thing ever.''' ,'''I like to believe that there is dignity in everything.''' ,'''Superstars have so much adulation and love which people get used to, living it up in fast lane.''' ,'''Pink is the color of strength, a color of conviction, a color of decision making.''' ,'''I was not born when my father retired in 1979, but I watched footage of his games on VHS.''' ,'''I wear my heart on my sleeve, if I want to do something, I go ahead and do it. I think I learnt that from my dad.''' ,'''I grew up watching Amitabh Bachchan's films.''' ,'''Neha is such a positive person and spreads such good vibes in all the lives she touches.''' ,'''One day you are a hero, the next day, media and people put you down if you are not giving your best.''' ,'''In fact, during the postpartum period, many mothers don't feel attached towards her new born. So during such times they are quite sensitive and require special care. Still there are people who don't think twice before making hurtful comments about how a mother looks. I fail to understand what satisfaction they get out of body shaming others.''' ,'''Diljit Dosanjh is like a brother to me.''' ,'''I am constantly hungry for growth and that's what drives me. Success or failure of a project doesn't drive me.''' ,'''I am quite close to my mother. In fact, I speak to her every day.''' ,'''We like to keep Mehr's pictures little private because everyone's pictures start coming on social media and then there is so much pressure on the kids, the paps flash in their eyes and I am not comfortable with it.''' ,'''I have been fortunate that 'Pink' has been that film which gave my career a push. I owe a lot to Shoojit Sircar for having faith in me and my co-stars Taapsee Pannu and Amitabh Bachchan sir.''' ,'''It's not that I don't like cricket. I have played first class cricket and represented Delhi in the Ranji Trophy as a spinner, but at the same time my inclination to become an actor was very strong.''' ,'''I watched a lot of Jean-Claude Van Damme films and loved his film 'Bloodsport.'''' ,'''Ideally you want every relationship to work, if it happens it's great, if it doesn't it is unfortunate.''' ,'''I would love to do a 'Vicky Donor' kind of movie.''' ,'''I want to work really hard and stay committed to my work so that I can grow as an actor.''' ,'''I had to unlearn cricket to learn hockey. It is easier for someone who is not a sportsperson to pick up hockey. They just have to learn it.''' ,'''Because of my sports background, I know how to overcome wear and tear and how to temporarily fix injuries on the spot.''' ,'''I'm really looking forward to Rohit Sir's film 'Sooryavanshi.' I'm a big Rohit Shetty fan and also Akshay Sir is in it.''' ,'''Life is not about competition.''' ,'''I would love to do a film of the heartland.''' ,'''Janhvi is extremely spontaneous and hardworking. A lot of times when she is performing, you see glimpses of Srideviji in her acting and she has the same twinkle in her eyes.''' ,'''I think the emotion between a child and a mother is the most beautiful and honest emotion you will ever get to see.''' ,'''I have had some great co-actors to work with like Richa Chadha, Taapsee Pannu and Alia Bhatt. I really value these big co-stars because if they are in sync with you, it makes you a better actor.''' ,'''I've never tried to impress anybody in my life.''' ,'''Besides working out for nearly six hours a day, I am also learning different forms of martial arts.''' ,'''My motivation in personal and professional life is my dad because the way he has played and inspired many other players to play cricket the correct way. He had a great professional life and has always been an outspoken man.''' ,'''I am very fulfilled and complete with a partner like Neha.''' ,'''Though I was born in a cricketing family and played Under 16 and Under 19 cricket for Delhi, my heart was always in cinema. Even while I was playing cricket, I was day dreaming about how it would be to stand on a film set saying lines.''' ,'''Rumors will always be there. So, good or bad you have to take them in your stride because you are a public figure.''' ,'''My mother supported me when I wanted to change my career and wanted to come to Mumbai from Delhi. She supported me when I wanted to be an actor. It is her prayers, blessings and strength because of which I am here today.''' ,'''If someone comes and tells me I've done great work, that's not what I want to hear. But if someone comes and tells me that this could have been a notch better, I'd spend an hour with the person and hear him or her out.''' ,'''If you are part of good projects and working with good filmmakers, you will automatically get good roles.''' ,'''As long as I am getting acceptance, I would rather take one step at a time and let the audience also accept me.''' ,'''Life post 'Pink' has been great. I have no complaint. I have worked very hard to be where I am.''' ,'''It's all about timing and I felt the time was right for both Neha and me to start a family... whenever I used to think of settling down, I couldn't think of anyone else but Neha.''' ,'''When you work with good actors, you feed off each others' energies.''' ,'''I feel you need a big film to be seen but then, you also need to do something where you get to perform. Only then the industry notices you and gives you more chances with different kind of roles.''' ,'''I trained in kick-boxing and Muay Thai.''' ,''''Pink,' which is set in Delhi, is not women-centric but a youth film.''' ,'''If 'Soorma' is getting me noticed, I have the director, Shaad Ali, to thank for it.''' ,'''I feel I have been playing all primary characters. And if your character forms a connect with the audience, it doesn't matter if you are playing only the main solo lead or a second lead.''' ,'''I come from a sports background and the spirit was always alive to strive for more, and better.''' ,'''I train like an athlete. I am very competitive. I like to fight. I like to prove my performance.''' ,'''To portray a real-life character is the toughest job for an actor because one never knows which direction to flow.''' ,'''I have studied and graduated out of Delhi. I moved to Mumbai after graduation.''' ,'''I am thankful for having got the opportunity to work in a film such as 'Pink' so early in my career.''' ,'''My childhood was all about discipline, hard work and training.''' ,'''Weddings are super expensive. It is difficult to make money, but it flows out in weddings. Everybody wants it so elaborate without realizing it. People take loans to impress people. We didn't want to do that.''' ,'''I would like to get a wider audience. With 'Tiger Zinda Hai' I reached out to Salman Khan's market, through 'Soorma' I can reach out to Diljit's fans. As an actor I want to have my own market too.''' ,'''At 17, I realized that it's going to be a tough decision to make, but I had the clarity of thought to walk out of cricket and try my luck in acting.''' ,'''Star power will always remain relevant but content has become the king.''' ,'''Everybody goes through hardships but hardships make you the person you are, and I feel that is important.''' ,'''Yes, I would surely like to work with Neha in a family oriented or a romantic-comedy, or in any Punjabi film.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an actor.''' ,'''When it comes to spending the rest of your life with someone, you should do it with a friend. It doesn't matter if that person is illiterate, educated or earns Rs 10 or Rs 10 crore. Eventually, these things don't matter.''' ,'''Those who fat shame, I want to tell them being happy has nothing to do with body weight but how one leads his or her life.''' ,'''I want to work with Diljit Dosanjh again.''' ,'''We should all realize where we have come from our learnings and teachings and set examples for future generations.''' ,'''I was a commitment-phobic person. I never thought that I will settle down.''' ,'''I would love to do a biopic on a bowler like Zaheer Khan or Harbhajan Singh. I would love to see their struggles on screen.''' ,'''The entire industry saw 'Pink' and it helped me get more work.''' ,'''My mother has taught me to be self-reliant, independent and ambitious. She has taught me to chase my goals even though nobody believes in you, you need to believe and you need to fly.''' ,'''My message for young parents is that although it is very natural to worry, it doesn't lead to anything. Try to live positively because your attitude is going to rub off on your children.''' ,'''I wanted to be a part of commercial cinema.''' ,'''My inspiration are actors like Rajkummar Rao, Ayushmann Khurana, Ranveer Singh.''' ,'''The main challenge is food. I need to zip my mouth and not give in to cravings.''' ,'''I have always loved cinema more than the cricket. I don't think there is any harm in taking a different field.''' ,'''I wanted to work with Shashank Shah. He is a very clear individual.''' ,'''My father and I always discuss cricket.''' ,'''Every artiste has a process.''' ,'''A child should be a child for as long as possible.''' ,'''Nobody is so busy in life where you can make no time for your child.''' ,'''No role is big or small; every character does its magic and brings its own connect with the audience.''' ,'''For me, my continuous struggle with every project is, "Is it better than 'Pink?'"''' ,'''The fighting spirit that I have comes from my father.''' ,'''I don't take success seriously. For me, failure is a constant.''' ,'''I feel Mehr has brought in a lot of changes in me. She has made me understand a lot of things and there's a lot of gratitude towards the universe and people now. It has made me a better person and a better performer. It has made me realise the value of family and of my own parents.''' ,'''Karl Khandalavala was a very handsome and a good-looking man and used to take care of himself. He was an extremely sharply dressed individual.''' ,'''A lot of actors want to do a solo release, but not many people go and watch it. The more you work with different actors and producers, the more your work reaches people.''' ,'''In Shoojit's films, there is no hero and villain. Every character has its own space and there is a social message in all of his films whether it is 'Vicky Donor' or 'Madras Cafe.'''' ,'''I feel after 'Pink' my time has come.''' ,''''Soorma' was made on a budget of 22 core and we don't expect it to do a 100 crore business, but it has definitely earned respectable numbers. It's a more performance heavy film with a great story and content.''' ,'''Switching from acting to cricket isn't difficult, because I have represented Delhi in the under-19 category. Plus cricket is in my blood.''' ,]
+++