+++
author = "John Rzeznik"
title = "John Rzeznik Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 John Rzeznik Quotes"
keywords = "john rzeznik,john rzeznik quotes,john rzeznik quote,john rzeznik sayings,john rzeznik saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's a certain vibe in my hometown; Buffalo is a city that has no illusions.''' ,'''I went to a vocational high school, which is where they basically train you to go out and dig ditches. You gotta learn a trade. Well, why do you gotta learn a trade? Because you're not smart enough to go to college. That was the underlying gist of it.''' ,'''Yeah, I really like that band Deerhunter a lot.''' ,'''I feel a whole lot of gratitude for having hits.''' ,'''The business of making music is changing so radically because of the Internet. It's become a lot more democratic in one respect, but in another respect there's no one left to guide and mentor young bands.''' ,'''I got really sick of playing just, like, 'Bop-bop-bop-bada-bop-bop-bada-rapa-pah.' Just playing that 190-beats-per-minute punk-rock songs, I didn't feel it anymore. And I always loved melody - when you looked back on those early records, there's always a hook buried in there somewhere.''' ,'''I thought 'Gutterflower' was a really good record, but the album before that got so big that everyone expected us to go through that again.''' ,'''I think we'd sold a couple hundred records with our first album, maybe 1,000 at the most.''' ,'''There's a lot of shiny, pretty objects out there that when you actually touch them, they just fall apart. And it's like, you need to be authentic, you need to be yourself.''' ,'''I don't want people messing with my sound, my stuff.''' ,'''In my family, my earliest memory of you get out of line is - BAM! It was a lot of corporal punishment. But you can't do that.''' ,'''When I write a song, I want to write something that is really catchy and says something that might actually touch somebody.''' ,'''Everybody was a democrat where we grew up. It was a blue-collar town and the democrats represented the working class and the unions. But very, very super-conservative Catholic, very proud immigrant community, very stoic.''' ,'''For me, social media is a one-way deal. It's like all the traffic goes one direction and I don't care how many people follow me, I don't care how many people like what I do, give me a thumbs up or whatever it is. I am here to share a piece of information that I've decided is relevant to our relationship as musician and audience member.''' ,'''Performing with a hologram in a three-dimensional world feels somewhat strange. But you know, the experience of playing live in a room full of people is most exciting, it's something that the social media has not been able to recreate. There's some kind of intensity about it, something that the social media doesn't capture.''' ,'''Too many rockers put on the leather pants and shirt first. But if you write good songs, the pants and shirt will follow.''' ,'''If people are spending money to hear us, they better go home happy.''' ,'''We're living pretty interesting lives, we are traveling the world, we are going everywhere... it has been pretty cool! I'm so lucky to have been able to do all of that.''' ,'''So what if America loses its empire? We never should have had one in the first place.''' ,'''I made a deadline for myself that if I wasn't earning a living being a musician by 'A Boy Named Goo,' I was going to get back to school, get a degree, and go on with my life - and enjoy the memories I had.''' ,'''Punk was key to the early part of me playing guitar. I was really into melodic punk-rock. I related to punk more than Lynyrd Skynyrd or Yes or Van Halen.''' ,'''It's really weird how the rock world is quickly becoming like the jazz world. How if you do OK, or get a tiny bit of success, that's considered a sellout, whether you did anything different or not.''' ,'''I had good parents, and even though they weren't around, they were always an influence on me.''' ,'''As soon as we finish a tour, I think, 'Oh my god, I'm unemployed.' I swear to God, every time I'm not touring, I hear my father yelling, 'You're unemployed if you're not working every day.'''' ,'''Our society's sort of turning into a two-class system, where... most of the wealth and privileges are being concentrated into the hands of fewer and fewer people. And there's the rest of us... that have to go out and work and struggle and live and die and try to find some happiness and contentment and security.''' ,'''As a society, when you have your mortality slapped in your face, it changes you.''' ,'''I have this morbid fascination with being completely alienated from everybody, and a lot of the time I really do feel that way.''' ,'''When I'm afraid of something, I'm going at it twice as hard. I don't believe any fear can be conquered by avoiding it.''' ,'''I just want my daughter to be respectful and nice to people. I want her to understand the importance of being humble.''' ,'''One of the things about live music that's so incredibly important and can't be replaced and automated is the common focus of a room full of people having that human contact and being immersed in the sensory overload of a rock concert.''' ,'''Every day somebody comes up to me and says, 'That song really helped me through a difficult time,' or 'That's me and my wife's song' or 'This song means something to me because of... ' It's humbling to hear that. You're something special in someone's life, even if it is for three minutes.''' ,'''Having a collection of regrets when you hit your 40s is part of the deal.''' ,'''There was always a guitar hanging around the house when I was a kid. It was a much lower impact instrument than me playing the drums, which is what I really wanted to do. My mother put a stop to the drumming.''' ,'''I mean my mother always wanted us to be individuals. She always instilled that into our brains which was incredibly painful for an adolescent to deal with.''' ,'''I have a very powerful form of alcoholism. I finally gave up and accepted the fact that if I even smell too much booze, I'm going to start drinking again. That's just how I am.''' ,'''I'm lucky I actually make a living making music.''' ,'''You know what the most amazing luxury problem in the world is? When you've got a bunch of hits you have to play. That means the show's going to have to be a little longer.''' ,'''We were never hip, which is fine with me. We aren't that interested in that whole situation. But all the times how we tried and failed to get across in our music, we actually succeeded on 'Superstar Car Wash.'''' ,'''Everyone goes To L.A. to be noticed. I went there to be completely invisible.''' ,'''John Shanks is probably the biggest workaholic I've ever met in my life.''' ,'''I think about my daughter when I'm doing stuff, and I want to see it through her eyes, and I want her to be proud of me, for what I do.''' ,'''I was brought up by four older sisters, so there's trouble right there. We are Catholic, very religious, and that sort of colors my world and my music.''' ,'''Sometimes it doesn't feel like I'm in control but that I'm going along for the ride. And I'm a lousy passenger; I love to drive.''' ,'''I really love Tegan and Sara.''' ,'''It's nice to see bands you could see at a bar finally get a chance.''' ,'''I love playing the songs that people love because it makes them happy.''' ,'''The only way you fail is if you quit. That has always sort of been pounded into my head.''' ,'''I refuse to listen to Rush Limbaugh. I listen to a lot of conservative radio when I drive around in my car. I refuse to listen to him because he's just ridiculous, just a clown. I love Rachel Maddow obviously.''' ,'''I love the Smithsonian. I'm a real dork for that kind of stuff.''' ,'''Whether you are happy or miserable is completely a choice.''' ,'''We had always put ballads on all of our albums.''' ,'''We're doing everything we can to help bands from Buffalo.''' ,'''I'm not trying to chase a radio hit, but at a certain time, you can't make the same album over and over.''' ,'''I was a bartender, a hot-dog vendor, a cook, sold magazine subscriptions.''' ,'''If you're really gonna live, you have to be vulnerable.''' ,'''If you go back and listen to the album 'Name' was on, there were a lot of garage songs on it.''' ,'''A little renovation and reinvention is a positive thing.''' ,'''It's a crazy world!''' ,'''The scary part of alcoholism and addiction and that is until a person is ready to stop, they're not gonna, and there's nothing anyone can do. There's nothing anyone can say or do. And the unfortunate part is sometimes people die because of that.''' ,'''I'm ashamed to say, but as a teen, there were times when I had to go to the church and get help.''' ,'''I no longer feel the pressure of trying to write hits for the radio anymore.''' ,'''Usually albums are frontloaded with singles.''' ,'''I didn't think about having kids until like I was 48, 49 years old.''' ,'''I write about everyday people, everyday lives.''' ,'''A live show is something that can never ever be duplicated on a computer.''' ,'''I enjoy watching Chris Matthews a lot. He reminds me of a throwback to the older school kind of pundits like Tim Russert.''' ,'''I hated high school.''' ,'''I wasn't present for my own life for a long time. I wasn't there; I wasn't in my relationships; I wasn't in my band; I wasn't in my soul - I was disconnected from all of it. I would let myself live in a miserable situation forever, mostly of my own making. I made my own misery and made the people around me miserable.''' ,'''I wouldn't start writing songs like 'Name' all the time just because I thought that's what people wanted to hear. I'll write a song in the same vein because it's what I want to write.''' ,'''Never in my life have I met bigger rockstars than Sugar Ray.''' ,'''I really love Death Cab.''' ,'''I just feel really lucky to have had some hits because we had a lot of time where we didn't have them. It's better to have a hit. You can ask anyone - U2, Green Day - and they'll tell you the same thing.''' ,'''I've met very lonely people who have 10,000 friends on Facebook. And it's just not real. We've set up this artificial society in cyberspace. And that's supposed to be a community, like a real community. It's supposed to be where people go to get solace or friendship or have fun.''' ,'''Just call us the band that wouldn't die.''' ,'''We were so heavily influenced by The Replacements and by a lot of hard core bands like Bad Brains, not that we sounded like them but we were trying to play as hard and fast as we could.''' ,'''I've taken a lot of crap. That's just the way life is. There are going to be writers who like you and writers who despise you.''' ,'''I get nervous around famous people.''' ,'''At its best, MTV puts a face to the names, if you know what I mean. I think if you can take the expression of a song much farther, that's great. And it's one of the only outlets there is for artistic filmmaking. But it's a double-edged sword. At it's worst, MTV is just a lot of TV commercials for songs.''' ,'''When KROQ played 'Name,' that was the turning point for us.''' ,'''We started the band when I was about 19 or 20. At that age, it would have been kind of hard to imagine a lot of the stuff that I've written. We were playing garage rock. I wanted to dash out three chords and scream. But if you do that for 20 years, what's the point?''' ,'''I got into alternative rock in the early 80s, bands like Husker Du and The Replacements. Bob Mould's playing was a huge influence. It was very heavy with a lot of open tunings, which was great because I played in trios, so I used open tunings to get a fuller sound.''' ,'''I'm one of these guys who always feel like the outsider, you know? I'm always longing to be part of something, you know?''' ,'''I don't want to raise someone who feels entitled.''' ,'''The first guitar I ever owned was a Kay SG copy. That cost like $35. Man, that was a terrible guitar.''' ,'''I've written songs everywhere, and I think the place does matter.''' ,'''There's always those few people that are like, 'Why don't you play any of the material off your first two records?' And I'm like, 'For the same reason that I don't play with G.I. Joe dolls anymore.' It's like, 'I'm a grown-up.' I wrote that music when I was a kid.''' ,'''I want to cultivate my own sound in my own atmosphere, where the clock is not running.''' ,'''Don't be afraid to play what you feel and what you think no matter what it is. If you play long enough, you start to move past your influences and find your own music.''' ,'''I never underestimate luck and working hard.''' ,'''I'm one of those guys who always has that kind of underlying anxiety kind of always creeping around in the background.''' ,'''The good part about being a pessimist is, when something bad happens, you're never really devastated by it. And when something good happens, it's such a bonus.''' ,'''The first record we made in three days. We literally stayed up for three days making the first album. It was crazy, crazy, crazy for us to do that. We couldn't believe anyone would give us a record deal. I look back on that record fondly but with just the slightest bit of a cringe.''' ,'''I like George Will, I don't agree with him particularly, but he's probably the smartest conservative out there.''' ,'''I'm a songwriter.''' ,'''I think people get a little resentful when they were there at the beginning, when they supported you when you played in front of nobody - which we still do. They get a little resentful when they have to share with new people. That's why I want to really look out for the people who've been with us from the beginning.''' ,'''I like Valentine's Day. It's fun.''' ,'''You can hate my band, I really don't care what your opinion is.''' ,'''I have this dreadful image of me driving down Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles, with the windows rolled down, and our song comes on... and I'm sitting there listening to it and some guy pulls up next to me and thinks, 'Hey, it's that guy from the Goo Goo Dolls... he's listening to his own music. What a jerk!'''' ,'''I need a long, cold winter.''' ,'''I don't write a lot of fiction.''' ,]
+++