+++
author = "Brock Osweiler"
title = "Brock Osweiler Quotes"
quotes_len = "90"
description = "the best 90 Brock Osweiler Quotes"
keywords = "brock osweiler,brock osweiler quotes,brock osweiler quote,brock osweiler sayings,brock osweiler saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm going to be who I am and believe in what I bring to the table every day.''' ,'''I think one thing as far as my learning curve and what I'm learning - there is a time to take a sack, and then there is also a time to try to find a way to maybe throw the ball at a receiver's feet.''' ,'''What I'm trying to do is maximize every day.''' ,'''I have a mentality of not worrying about what people say about me, good or bad. That's not what I'm putting my energy into.''' ,'''When you play a great team like the Patriots, you can only kick so many field goals and stay in the game.''' ,'''When Peyton went into the game and remained the starter, it was OK with me because our team was winning games. We won a championship.''' ,'''If you stay present and don't look too far ahead - or in the rearview mirror - everything will work out.''' ,'''My belief is whether I'm the starter, whether I'm the backup, I'm going to show up the same exact way. I'm going to prepare the same exact way, and I'll always be ready to go.''' ,'''Any coach, any team in the NFL, if they had Peyton Manning healthy and ready to play, I think we all know who is going to play in the game.''' ,'''I'm just concerned with winning, not individual accolades.''' ,'''I would need a book to describe Jamal Miles. He can do it all. We line him up in the slot. We bring him into the backfield. We hand the ball to him. We send him in motion and get him the ball. He throws the football. He might be the best athlete I've ever been around in my life.''' ,'''I will always do what's best for the football team.''' ,'''I was a very passionate basketball player, really enjoyed the sport. I played it my entire life.''' ,'''I have tremendous respect for coach Gary Kubiak. I love that guy.''' ,'''Any competitor would be frustrated in that moment... but it certainly made sense what Coach Kubiak did for the playoff run. I got replaced by Peyton Manning... I think we all know who is going to play in the game.''' ,'''I have tremendous respect for both John Elway and Peyton Manning as people and as quarterbacks in the NFL, but I was not concerned one bit with playing in their shadow.''' ,'''I feel like too many guys get wrapped up in this image that a quarterback is supposed to have, and I've never bought into that.''' ,'''Coach Knapp is a tremendous quarterbacks coach.''' ,'''My biggest deal is I just want to do my job.''' ,'''Training camp is a grind, and it truly is all about embracing that grind and coming out here and forgetting about the heat and working to get better every single day.''' ,'''I have great respect for Greg Knapp, who was my quarterbacks coach in Denver for three years. He taught me so much about playing quarterback in the NFL and made me a better football player.''' ,'''Through the learning experiences, I've been trying to eliminate mistakes. I don't want the same mistake to happen twice.''' ,'''Guys get... benched, replaced. They get injured; another guy comes in and becomes the starter. That happens all the time.''' ,'''If I am ever the starter of the Denver Broncos, I want it to be because I earned it.''' ,'''I have always been the tallest guy in my class, going back to first grade. Announcers have always had fun with it.''' ,'''Coach Godsey is a brilliant mind, a great teacher, and it's been fun learning from him so far.''' ,'''My job is to protect the football and score points and lead this offense on drives to score points.''' ,'''The emotions can take you out of a game.''' ,'''I get too hyped before games.''' ,'''When there's pressure, I believe people will break under it or a diamond will be created.''' ,'''I'm going to show up and do my job to the best of my abilities every day, every week.''' ,'''As someone who loves being on the field with his teammates, it's hard to hear that you're not going to be the one playing.''' ,'''We all know that the NFL is the best of the best, and there's great competition across the board, so any time you're hurt or something like that, and another guy gets his opportunity, he's going to try to make the most of it.''' ,'''I'm very thankful; I'm very appreciative for everything that the Denver Broncos organization has done for me.''' ,'''No-huddle is something that I'm very comfortable with.''' ,'''Decisions need to be made in milliseconds out on the field, and you need to almost know what the other guy is thinking and exactly what he's going to do.''' ,'''Coming to Houston was an opportunity that I couldn't pass up.''' ,'''I could probably stand up and have a press conference and thank 100 guys within that Denver organization, along with all those teammates I played with.''' ,'''It starts with me. I have to get the team in the right play and throw the ball where it's supposed to go.''' ,'''It's very exciting... what DeAndre brings to the game is truly special. To have the opportunity to play with a football player like that, that's what gets a quarterback out of bed in the morning.''' ,'''Everybody wants to be on the field and show what they're capable of and help their football team win games.''' ,'''I had a tremendous one season playing for Coach Kubiak, and I have nothing but great things to say about him as a person and a coach.''' ,'''I'm not here to be a puppet, if you will.''' ,'''If you come in this league, and you're comfortable with being a backup, something's wrong.''' ,'''I have nothing but love for my time I spent in Denver, and appreciation, and gratitude.''' ,'''I've always been a leader. If someone was getting picked on in school, I'd try to deflate that situation by inviting that kid to eat lunch with me. I've always tried to be a uniter.''' ,'''I think anytime that you can eliminate the big hit, it's obviously not only going to be good for your team, but it's going to be good for yourself.''' ,'''I had to wait my turn. I had to learn that even when you're sitting behind somebody, you still have a chance to learn something every single day.''' ,'''When we're not on the practice field, I'm watching tape, and when I'm not watching tape, I'm doing body work or something like that.''' ,'''If anybody knows that you need to be prepared regardless of the situation, that's me.''' ,'''My mentality is that no matter how good or bad the previous play was, move on to the next one.''' ,'''You can't take a single day for granted in the National Football League. Every single day, you need to earn your spot on the roster.''' ,'''It's a basketball thing, I think. I said I was just over 6'7," and they made it 6'8", and it's always kind of been that way.''' ,'''I think any time an offense struggles with developing a rhythm, struggles with scoring points, I think the first thing you have to examine is the quarterback.''' ,'''Whenever you are in a new system, and you go on summer break and come back for training camp Day 1, you don't know how much is really going to stick.''' ,'''I'm always going to try to win with a positive mindset.''' ,'''I had a tremendous four seasons there in Denver, and you know, those are four years that I'll always hold very close to my heart.''' ,'''The whole key about the no-huddle is getting first downs because if you're getting three-and-out, it kind of defeats the purpose.''' ,'''There's not a lot of time to have conversations on the field during the game. That's where the trust and the practice comes into play, through practice, through off-site throwing sessions; that's where you build that trust and build that cohesion with a wide receiver.''' ,'''I love coming to work every single day.''' ,'''For Mr. Elway to take me in the second round and show that trust that he has in me and the upside he thinks I have, I want to go out and there and prove him right. I want to be able to have him look back 10 years from now, 15 years from now, and have him be very proud about that selection and let him know that he did make the right selection.''' ,'''As long as we're winning football games, I'm happy.''' ,'''When I make a mistake once, it's usually not going to happen again.''' ,'''Bottom line, I have nothing but respect for Peyton Manning... He was always a great teammate to me; he's still a great friend to this day.''' ,'''I think anytime you put the weight of the world on yourself saying, 'I have to perform,' or, 'I have to get a completion. I have to throw a touchdown,' nine times out of 10, I think you're going to fail.''' ,'''A lot of people say, 'Oh, playing backup quarterback, that's the best position in the world.' Well, what they don't understand is when we leave the building at 5 o'clock on Wednesday or Thursday when practice wraps up, we still need to go home and study and prepare just like you're the starter.''' ,'''As coaches say, it's about finding your role. We're coming together as a team.''' ,'''I've always had visions of being a starting quarterback. That's why I come to work every day.''' ,'''You need to have laser focus on doing your job.''' ,'''You want to have your hand on the ball every single play.''' ,'''As a competitor, you want to be out there in the fire with your teammates.''' ,'''Football is a game you're supposed to have fun in.''' ,'''Every quarterback feels like he has something to prove.''' ,'''Competition brings out the best.''' ,'''It's always a good situation to have the target be on you because that means you have been playing well.''' ,'''Bottom line is I always want what's best for the team, and as long as the football team is winning games, I'm happy.''' ,'''With all due respect to Coach O'Brien and Coach Godsey, I've told them I'm going to be me.''' ,'''I play very, very emotional. That's just my style.''' ,'''Anytime you play New England, you know it's going to be a challenge.''' ,'''My wife will act as the offensive coordinator at times during the evening. I'll have her read the full play to me. I'll sit there and try to picture it, spit it back out to her, make sure I'm verbalizing it the right way so that when I step into the huddle the next day in practice, things are coming out clear.''' ,'''I've always approached the game, going back to when I got drafted in 2012 to Denver, like I was going to be the starter. That's how you have to prepare, whether you are first string, second string or third string, because you never know when something is going to happen to the guy in front of you.''' ,'''If you are going to be a starter in the NFL or a major-college program, you are going to have to beat out other great quarterbacks.''' ,'''I'm a guy that learns from making mistakes. Sometimes that's not the best way to learn, but that's how I learn.''' ,'''Any time a team doesn't score points, it's on me.''' ,'''I feel like I get better every week.''' ,'''Obviously it happens very fast on the field during the game; if anything, it's more of a feel. You feel when the pocket is collapsing around you. You feel when someone is close to you. It is a split-second decision.''' ,'''The bottom line is we need to score points, and we need to score a lot of them.''' ,'''I love working with Coach O'Brien, Coach Godsey, and they are terrific football coaches.''' ,'''What quarterback doesn't like some speed on the outside?''' ,'''There's nothing that can replace learning on the field.''' ,]
+++