+++
author = "Olivia Holt"
title = "Olivia Holt Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Olivia Holt Quotes"
keywords = "olivia holt,olivia holt quotes,olivia holt quote,olivia holt sayings,olivia holt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew up in a really small town. I had a great friend group and an amazing community of people who were supporting and loving and moving out to L.A. it was really hard to find that. Especially just starting off my teen years.''' ,'''The 'Kickin' It' set is so much fun, I find myself in a new adventure every week. I work with an amazing cast and crew.''' ,'''Music was my first love. It was originally what I wanted to do, and then just equally, I fell in love with acting. I want to do both for the rest of my life. I don't ever want to have to choose.''' ,'''I watched the Disney Channel all the time growing up. 'Lizzie McGuire' was my all-time favorite. I'm pretty sure I had every piece of merchandise that involved Lizzie. And I loved 'That's So Raven.'''' ,'''I don't feel like consistency is in my life at all, but I honestly wouldn't have it any other way because it keeps my life interesting.''' ,'''Every time I attend a We Day event, I learn something new, and I always feel way more perspective not just for the world I live in, but also the world that's happening around me.''' ,'''I keep Polaroids in my wallet of me and my friends.''' ,'''I would love to work with Reese Witherspoon.''' ,'''I am a total goof-ball.''' ,'''From the ages of 13 to 16, I loved makeup so much that I just wanted it on me all the time, and what I gravitated towards more was very heavy.''' ,'''Neutrogena's bronzer is incredible.''' ,'''I'm pretty great at eating. Mostly popcorn. I'm serious: I can finish a whole bag of popcorn in under 5 minutes, give or take.''' ,'''My favorite thing about summer is just the idea of having a little time off to do things for you, whether that be going on a vacation, spending more time with your friends, or going to places you've never been before.''' ,'''I'm all about scary movies! The 'Halloweentown' ones are my absolute favorites.''' ,'''My family loves to take me out, and we do regular things like go to the movies. My friends do that as well. At the same time, I love work and I want to be busy all the time!''' ,'''I'm a sucker for quotes and cheesy rom-coms. I have quotes all around my house, and I'm always in the mood for a rom-com. Always.''' ,'''I would love to learn how to dance. I can pick up choreography pretty well. But when you're dancing with your friends, I can't do that. I'm not a freestyler. It just doesn't come naturally to me. Clapping is my go-to dance.''' ,'''What's great about working on a sitcom is that I spend so much time with people who are in other fields as well, such as writing, directing, and/or camera operating. Being on set is like being on a playground. I go from one thing to the next, and I've learned so much and hope to continue learning.''' ,'''Doing regular things and not just working all the time, as much as I love the work I do, it's nice to take a break and really have perspective on things and go on road trips or go hiking or travel. It keeps me alive and curious.''' ,'''I love all different kinds of music, but my favorites on my iPod are Bruno Mars, Rascal Flats, Taylor Swift just to name a few.''' ,'''I will always and forever be a high-waisted jean short fanatic.''' ,'''I have an obsession with Milk Duds. Eating them tastes like heaven.''' ,'''Ever since I was really little, I loved performing and being up on stage, and being the entertainment.''' ,'''I think that it's really incredible, growing up and being able to have all these people who really look up to the work that I do. It's really cool that I have such awesome fans, and I can't thank them enough. I get on my Twitter and Facebook every day, and I see such awesome things.''' ,'''Being in a kids' show... taught me so much about who I am as an individual, and I learned a lot through the writing and different directors that came in, and I evolved as an actress and human being, and I really created a circle of friends who helped shape me who I am today.''' ,'''I'm a huge 'Call of Duty' fan, 'Minecraft' and all those kinds of video games. I'm constantly playing video games every day.''' ,'''I think people would be most surprised to know that I love scary movies.''' ,'''I am thankful for all the blessings and talents I have been given, but most of all I am thankful for my loving and supportive family.''' ,'''One year, I was a go-go girl for Halloween, and I got all this glitter eye shadow, my hair was poufy with braids, I was wearing all these different colors and fake eyelashes that went all the way up to my eyebrows. I totally enjoy the whole Halloween feel.''' ,'''I'm always out in the sun. I'm a big hiker and beach gal, so its really important for me to always have SPF on, which is something that you've got to find for your skin type.''' ,'''I grew up learning from numerous makeup artists how to put on makeup, different ways you can put on makeup, what type of makeup to use, what type of makeup not to use.''' ,'''Working with Disney is really and truly like working with a family. Everyone is so supportive and so wonderful. I've worked with Disney since I was twelve, and they've given me so many opportunities that I'll forever be grateful for.''' ,'''I've been a fan of all things Marvel since I was a kid, so now, working with the company and playing a superhero on screen is pretty cool.''' ,'''I would love to do a project with all of my female friends and create something from scratch and have some female-driven story with the women in my life who are so strong, confident, and beautiful inside and out.''' ,'''I would definitely trade clothes with Lucy Hale. Her fashion sense is right on point, and I feel like she's never afraid to take risks with her clothes.''' ,'''I think, since I was a kid, I had that independence of being driven and being motivated in whatever I did, whether school work or a sport or even a hobby.''' ,'''I want to be able to make people laugh and cry and feel happy or sad and feel all these different emotions through singing and acting. Hopefully throughout my career, I'll get to pursue them.''' ,'''There is nothing about me that I wouldn't want anyone to know, but there is a part of me that I do want to keep private and personal just because that is what's going to keep me sane in the long run - making sure people don't know my every move.''' ,'''I am ketchup conscious, so I do carry ketchup around with me. The best one is the Heinz Organic Ketchup Opens a New Window.''' ,'''I was involved in a bunch of school activities - I was a cheerleader, I was on the chess team, I was vice president of my class.''' ,'''I make sure that I exfoliate every single day. I have very dry and sensitive skin, and I break out occasionally, but my main thing is always moisturizing because my skin is so dry - whether that's twice a day or four times a day.''' ,'''My style is very simple, but I love Reese Witherspoon, Kate Hudson and Kate Middleton.''' ,'''I carry lots of oils, since I have the driest skin in all the land! I switch up my facial oils, and I make them myself with coconut oil and tea tree oil.''' ,'''I like really tiny rings, midi rings, and little bracelets that have a charm on them.''' ,'''I feel like something I've wanted to do for a really long time, in a feature film or anything, is playing a rocker. Somewhere where I can be on a stage and have a guitar or a microphone and just kind of jam out.''' ,]
+++