+++
author = "Ron Rivera"
title = "Ron Rivera Quotes"
quotes_len = "75"
description = "the best 75 Ron Rivera Quotes"
keywords = "ron rivera,ron rivera quotes,ron rivera quote,ron rivera sayings,ron rivera saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Black lives do matter. We cannot be afraid to say it, so I'll say it again: Black lives do matter.''' ,'''I know the reality of the business. But I also say, not in a braggadocious way, that I'm a good football coach.''' ,'''Somebody will say, 'Oh, if you go 19-0 you win the Super Bowl.' And I'm like, 'Yeah it does, but let's take it one game at a time. Let's first get to the next game.'''' ,'''I know I sound overly optimistic, but you know me, I've always been an optimistic guy.''' ,'''It's young men like Greg Olsen and Eric Reid, who are going to change this world and make it a better place.''' ,'''My mother's family migrated from Mexico to Colorado and then to the Salinas Valley of California. My father was based there, they met at a USO event and the rest is history.''' ,'''If you talk to people in the military, they'll tell you it takes 3-to-5 years to completely change a culture. It's about making sure, first of all, that everybody understands what the intent and what the vision is. Then you have to map out how you're gonna get there. And as you start to do that, you've got to find out who's in and who's not in.''' ,'''I always feel like I'm coaching for my job. Just like when I was a player for nine years in Chicago. I came in every day wondering if I was going to get cut. This is no different. I come to work like I did as a player and that's to do the best I can.''' ,'''My oldest brother was a police officer.''' ,'''Believe me, I've made mistakes, but I've tried to learn from those mistakes so that I can be better at things as I go forward.''' ,'''I want to build a sustainable winning culture, in every facet.''' ,'''I don't worry about things I don't control, so I just keep trying to go with the flow.''' ,'''You got to go back and look at it, what happened when Mike Singletary retired? What happened to the Bears for a while? They were trying to find that next guy. That was the hard thing was, they were they were trying to find that next guy.''' ,'''I don't want to sit there and compare to things I've gone through to what the Black player, the African-American player, goes through.''' ,'''Well, that's the question we have to answer as coaches. Is our franchise quarterback here? Is he on the roster? Is he being developed, or is he somewhere else?''' ,'''The biggest thing I learned is that you have to be prepared. You have to have an answer, and if you don't have an answer, get one and give it.''' ,'''People have wanted me to get involved in politics, you know, when I was coaching and I kept telling them, 'It's not for me to get up here and influence people.'''' ,'''It's funny. At one point you've got a 14-game winning streak and people doubt you, then you lose one game and people doubt you even more.''' ,'''To have two separate game plans, you're asking for way too much of your team. That's why it's important to have quarterbacks that know your system, understand your system and have been a part of your system.''' ,'''I am very, very, very pleased with Graham Gano.''' ,'''I love coaching and not just coaching because it's about winning football games, but coaching because you have an opportunity to impact young men and people and that's what I want to do.''' ,'''But, you know, I'm just somebody that's from a different era that when football wasn't such a big part of the political scene. You know, that's one of the tough things for me, too, is I've always wanted to try to keep that separate.''' ,'''When you read the Oath of Office, to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States, we should be supportive of people's rights, their right of free speech.''' ,'''The numbers are there just to help you - at the end of the day you've still got to make the decision. There are certain things the numbers can't quantify: They can't quantify injuries, they can't quantify the weather, they can't give you a number on whether the referee's going to make a good call or a bad call.''' ,'''One thing I've learned is you have to treat everybody fair but you're not going to be able to treat everybody the same.''' ,'''Not everybody will get a chance to play in this league. You know, there's a transition rate of about 300 guys a year, that come into the league and leave the league. So the average career expectancy is a little bit under four years, so that doesn't mean you're gonna play forever.''' ,'''This game is not designed for the defense to have it easy, so if I am gonna favor one side, I'll favor the offense because I want the defense being put under as much stress as possible.''' ,'''I want to be able to coach people, impact people, win football games and hopefully win a Super Bowl.''' ,'''There's pressure, and that's just the way life is in the NFL.''' ,'''If you make a mistake, you have to step up and you have to take responsibility.''' ,'''A dream is what you fantasize about. It's what you hope for, but a vision is what you plan for. You map out and you have a set of goals, and you go out and you execute that plan to achieve your vision.''' ,'''One thing my dad's always told me about leadership is when all hell's breaking loose, everyone's looking at you to see how you're handling it. If you're frantic and out of control, they're going to be frantic and out of control. If you're calm, cool and collected and doing the right things, they'll follow you.''' ,'''You apologize for losing in the playoffs, but you don't apologize for getting in.''' ,'''There are not a lot of true defensive ends like there used to be.''' ,'''After Mickey passed, I was talking to my mom on the phone. She was talking about how we were such good brothers and we were so close. And I said, 'Mom, think about how we were raised. We were a military family. And in a military family, because you move around so much, your best friends and your first teammates are your brothers or your sisters.'''' ,'''I know that somewhere along the line, if I get things in my favor, I think I can be successful.''' ,'''Every year you have to perform and win. There is nothing new for me as far as I am concerned. But the truth of the matter is you do have to perform, you do have to produce.''' ,'''It's a lot of fun watching Kelvin Benjamin out there grow and develop as a football player.''' ,'''You have to find the sideline-to-sideline guys who can play every down.''' ,'''When you get into playing you strive for one thing, that's to be a Super Bowl champion. When you get into coaching, you strive to be a Super Bowl-winning head coach. That's what my goal is.''' ,'''One of the things that I want to make sure everybody understands is that when you delegate the authority, you have to set the standard.''' ,'''When you have a little bit of a lead, you've got to continue to pound away.''' ,'''You wanted to be in the foxhole with Jim Harbaugh. He hates to lose.''' ,'''I don't go into any conversations not prepared.''' ,'''If we don't have quality healthcare in our country, I mean, we're the richest country in the world. We should.''' ,'''He wasn't a football player, but my idol growing up was Roberto Clemente. The man died trying to help out earthquake victims in Nicaragua and that left a huge impression on me.''' ,'''I just am going to go out, do my job, coach as hard as I can and see what happens.''' ,'''I'm fortunate I landed on my feet in Washington.''' ,'''I feel that I have to succeed to the highest level I can.''' ,'''I'm very proud of the fact that I am of Hispanic descent.''' ,'''I've always felt it's very important to try to give back to the community.''' ,'''I've lost some weight. I've been working out and doing things the right way.''' ,'''My family nickname is 'Mr. Safety.' I mean, I check everything. Is everything off, is it put away where it's supposed to be?''' ,'''When you become a first timer in a thing, there's no way you can know everything.''' ,'''Mom had a real good back hand.''' ,'''When you have the right type of people pushing you, man, I tell you what it really helps. It gets your momentum going forward.''' ,'''My mom's side of the family was farm workers.''' ,'''If you want to do something in life, be totally committed.''' ,'''Someone once told me you don't know about cancer until it touches you. That's when it touched my brother, Mickey. There's nothing like it. When it touches you, it's overwhelming.''' ,'''Don't make what's interesting important.''' ,'''I've got a lot of confidence.''' ,'''You have to put in the work, do the things you're supposed to do. But at the end of the day all you need is an opportunity.''' ,'''If you disagree, you disagree. But you've got to move on.''' ,'''When you're a player, you've got to protect your investment, and that's you. Take the best opportunity you can to be ready to play, and then go out and compete and take advantage of it.''' ,'''I'm proud that I took over a 2-14 team and won back to back to back NFC South division titles.''' ,'''I'm a Teddy Bridgewater fan.''' ,'''The NFL has done a great job of promoting the popularity of the game. There now are youth leagues in Puerto Rico and Mexico. You're starting to see more and more young men with Hispanic surnames come into the NFL and that's a wonderful thing.''' ,'''Everybody deserves the opportunity to fight and fight with everything that they're given.''' ,'''I'm not apologizing for winning.''' ,'''If you have a settled quarterback situation, you're pretty doggone good.''' ,'''We need folks to help us, as opposed to, 'Let's find who to blame, and let's try to bury those people.'''' ,'''I am one of those who believes that God does have a plan. Whatever that plan, wherever that plan takes me, that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna do it with all my heart.''' ,'''My biggest regret is not winning the Super Bowl.''' ,'''That's part of my prerogative as a head coach is that I can change my mind because if I'm wrong, I'll admit it.''' ,'''All of the best pass-rushing teams are the ones that seem to have these hybrid rush ends.''' ,]
+++