+++
author = "Leo Howard"
title = "Leo Howard Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Leo Howard Quotes"
keywords = "leo howard,leo howard quotes,leo howard quote,leo howard sayings,leo howard saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love performing, and I love being in front of people. I love the pressure you get and the pleasure performing brings.''' ,'''If you're OK with being clumsy, it's funny. But if you are super embarrassed, people are going to laugh at you.''' ,'''It was fantastic playing Conan; it was such an experience to go out of the country and be this barbaric human savage child for a month or so. It was a blast and definitely a great experience.''' ,'''I would be nowhere without martial arts. It's a passion.''' ,'''Being confident is the key to life. Don't be afraid to be you! I'm super different from a lot of kids my age with style and personality, and I'm OK with it. And if you are OK with it, everyone else will be, too. Just be yourself.''' ,'''Bruce Lee only played himself. Chuck Norris is a martial artist that does acting. I want to be an actor that does martial arts.''' ,'''I was bullied in first grade, and it's definitely not fun. But always tell somebody instead of holding it in. Communicate with people and just say, 'Hey, I'm being bullied. I need help.'''' ,'''I've done all kinds of martial arts. I have my blackbelt in Shorei Ru. I'm doing Wu Shu. I do all kinds of different martial arts.''' ,'''Don't give in to all the cliques and popularity. It means nothing. I know super popular guys, and guess what? They're just normal people, too.''' ,]
+++