+++
author = "Paz De La Huerta"
title = "Paz De La Huerta Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Paz De La Huerta Quotes"
keywords = "paz de la huerta,paz de la huerta quotes,paz de la huerta quote,paz de la huerta sayings,paz de la huerta saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I try to stay away from forced intimacy.''' ,'''It's amazing that no matter how much money you have, you can make some bad decisions, and in five months you're on the street, begging.''' ,'''I love Frida Kahlo.''' ,'''I unfortunately had a lot of medical procedures throughout my life, so I decided to paint all of my surgeries as a way to heal and as a way to grow.''' ,'''I'm working on my relationship with my mother and father, but my upbringing has been very destructive.''' ,'''I feel that when people hire me they know it's going to be a collaboration and that they hire me for what I give on all sorts of levels, from my movement to the emotion I bring to the project, the passion, all of it.''' ,'''If I collect anything, it's lingerie.''' ,'''I don't get hung up about anything really.''' ,'''I go to an acting class every Sunday.''' ,'''I love biker chicks!''' ,'''I love going to the hair salon. I'm Spanish. I think it's more of a Latina thing to go to the hair salon.''' ,'''I've learned to stay away from publicity addicts, people who want to be famous for no reason.''' ,'''I always hated school.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I'm a hostile person.''' ,'''I don't ever wear makeup. I steam my face. I put hot water to open pores and cold water to close them.''' ,'''I'm a real actress.''' ,'''Women have said the most malicious, disgusting things about me. But I know that when somebody comments about you, good or bad, it is 99 percent of the time their projection of how they feel about themselves.''' ,'''I love being in front of the camera.''' ,'''It's always freezing on planes.''' ,'''When you're an actress you've got to keep your body as your sanctuary and your muscles.''' ,'''I just feel like everyone and their mother thinks they can be an artist. You can't. Sorry. I know I was born to be one.''' ,'''I think I'm attracted to outlaws because they make me feel safe inside, like a little child.''' ,'''Cobras are magical. They can stand up on just energy alone.''' ,]
+++