+++
author = "Celia Imrie"
title = "Celia Imrie Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Celia Imrie Quotes"
keywords = "celia imrie,celia imrie quotes,celia imrie quote,celia imrie sayings,celia imrie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are actresses who've had expensive work done and look great, so I'm not holier-than-thou about it. But it wouldn't be for me, perhaps because I've already been in hospital and wouldn't want to volunteer myself for it again.''' ,'''Some people love Sundays; I don't, particularly. I used to rather dread them when I was younger. I was brought up on Sunday roasts, which I've always loathed. If I didn't finish my meat, I had to sit with it for most of the afternoon. No wonder I'm a vegetarian now.''' ,'''There's a character I played in 'Love in a Cold Climate' - very like my mother. I asked if I could wear a man's shoes and hat to feed the chickens: all things from her. In fact, every part I play has got an enormous amount of her in it.''' ,'''Anorexia is an awful thing, but you get yourself into it, and only you can get yourself out of it.''' ,'''If I ever married, I know I would dread the daily sound of the key in the door and the casual expectancy of 'Hello! I'm home!'''' ,'''Anyone who goes on the stage is a show-off, aren't they? Acting's weird.''' ,'''I was never a pretty girl, so I wasn't the one to get the boy. I used to cast myself as a good sport. Sometimes I wonder if I do that too much with roles I play, because if I'm absolutely truthful, I quite like being the best friend, or the supporting role, and actually I ought to gear-change and make myself the leading role.''' ,'''I watch people from the top of buses who don't know they're being watched. It's quite fascinating.''' ,'''Pat Phoenix kept that amazing sassy look. I always wonder, was that because she was thrilled with that look, and thought it looked marvellous, or was it because she was too scared to change it? It's a double thing. Security and insecurity.''' ,'''A 'naughty pickle' is how I'd best describe myself. I think fun and laughter is the whole point of life.''' ,'''I landed the role of Bravo 5, the only female fighter pilot in 'Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace.' I did my bit and fired my guns, but I haven't a notion of which side I was on or who I was firing the guns at.''' ,'''I would do nearly anything for a laugh, to tell the truth. And I'm a particular favourite with young men with earrings.''' ,'''I have a horror of boring someone or, worse still, of someone boring me. I said to my mother when I was seven, 'But, Mums, if it was only my husband and me in the house together, what would we talk about?' I've never wanted to answer my own question, and doubt I'll bother now.''' ,'''I've made great friends through acting. When I'm with Victoria Wood and Julie Walters, we have grand fun. We can make each other howl with laughter because we know each other so well.''' ,'''While other girls swooned over The Beatles and the Rolling Stones, I worshipped Rudolf Nureyev and Isadora Duncan.''' ,'''Mummy always wanted the five children, and she knew she couldn't look after them all because she was this absolutely glorious woman who loved going to parties and going to the races, and she just didn't have time.''' ,'''I left school the day I turned 16, the earliest day I legally could. Determined to follow a life on stage, preferably with some dance connection, I applied for and won a place at the local drama school. I was on my way.''' ,'''I love Monet - I've nicknamed him King Blob. When you go up to the painting, it's a series of blobs - amazing.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a fraud, really, as I didn't study acting at a drama school.''' ,'''My first job was in pantomime; I was a chorus girl in 'Dick Whittington' at 16. I got the part by ringing the director daily to see if anyone had dropped out, and it paid off eventually, when I was cast as a rat!''' ,'''I've had to spend an awful lot of my life trying to pretend I'm not posh. Although once I open my mouth, I rather let things out the bag.''' ,'''Anorexia taught me to love life and to realise that starving yourself to death is a bloody waste of time. It's awful, and it hurts so many people around you. It's a terribly selfish thing to do.''' ,'''I love not knowing what's going to happen next. With work, you never know. You rehearse and strive and get it right sometimes, and still you never know. Some people are like that with their marriages. They work and strive and labour and toil at them. God, what a bore! What an unromantic bore!''' ,'''My mother Diana was a true-blue aristocrat, descended from William the Conqueror and listed in 'Burke's Peerage.' My father David, from a poor Scottish family, was a doctor.''' ,'''The thing about members of your family is that if you met them for the first time at a party, you might not bother to take their phone number, and yet something binds you.''' ,'''I know if I had the chance of going aboard the Titanic in those days, I would have gone - I know I would have. I adore going on the Queen Mary - I think it's the only way to travel from New York.''' ,'''Living as an actor is rather like living life on the trapezes in a circus. Every time you jump on, you have to pray that, when the time comes for you to jump off, there is another trapeze swinging your way.''' ,]
+++