+++
author = "Amaury Nolasco"
title = "Amaury Nolasco Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Amaury Nolasco Quotes"
keywords = "amaury nolasco,amaury nolasco quotes,amaury nolasco quote,amaury nolasco sayings,amaury nolasco saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I believe, and I may be wrong, the system sometimes works and sometimes doesn't. Prison is supposed to rehabilitate, but they don't do that in a lot of cases.''' ,'''I am more of a surprise kind of guy. I love to find out as I go.''' ,'''When I left Chicago, people said, 'Careful with that Texas heat'. I'm like, 'I'm from Puerto Rico. I know heat.'''' ,'''If you have a brother or sister, tell them you love them every day - that's the most beautiful thing. I told my sister how much I loved her every day. That's the only reason I'm OK right now.''' ,'''You know how when people lose their grandma or grandpa, people they say they're sorry? They do mean it, but... there's nothing to say. There's a void that cannot be filled.''' ,'''Imagine somebody says you are going to die in a few weeks; I'd really rather not know.''' ,'''When you dare me to do something, I will say, 'Watch me'. That is what I say to critics. 'Watch me'.''' ,'''These displays of affection mean a lot to our family and are a reminder of the heart that my people have. In this time of grief we ask for a little privacy and space to digest this news; our sister was our sun and we are broken by her departure.''' ,'''I hate to go to movies or watch a TV show and know the ending within 15 minutes.''' ,]
+++