+++
author = "Davinson Sanchez"
title = "Davinson Sanchez Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Davinson Sanchez Quotes"
keywords = "davinson sanchez,davinson sanchez quotes,davinson sanchez quote,davinson sanchez sayings,davinson sanchez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I was 17 Sevilla came for me. At 18 Valencia, at 19 Villareal before Barcelona.''' ,'''I've been a professional for five or six years and my position has a lot of responsibility.''' ,'''Harry Kane shows every season his importance. You can't say anything else but the fact that he's such an important player, a captain, a leader and a player who is pushing all the time, pushing the team to get higher.''' ,'''You have to be humble when somebody is, not blaming you, but having to say something isn't right or correct.''' ,'''I'm not a guy on my phone reading about what supporters say about you. You can find many things there and you're not going to be happy!''' ,'''I asked to play for the Under-20's to have more game time but eventually the only position where I was going to get that game time was at centre-back.''' ,'''I started playing football when I was about six and it was sometimes hard to take the bus.''' ,'''Barcelona wanted me to play for their B team. But I wanted to stay and win the Copa Libertadores and after that I didn't want to go down to a B team.''' ,'''I'm someone who has come through situations where I saw hard things.''' ,'''A final is about winning. You can't wait for the opponent to be better than you, or let them start to play their football.''' ,'''When I started going to training my father used to take me. But that meant we had to buy two bus tickets and it was not easy for us, you know.''' ,'''You're part of the team and you just need to accept that in the moment you need to work to get back in the team and be back involved with everybody and keep pushing yourself.''' ,'''My quality is to defend. Of course, I will give my best for the team. If the gaffer or the team needs me there, I will be there.''' ,'''I know friends who took what I call the easy way and some of them are now dead, or in jail, because they were involved in bad things.''' ,'''I set up my own foundation in my town in Colombia mainly for children too. To put them on a path. To show that if I can make something different of my life then they can too.''' ,'''I'm human. I have bad games, I have bad moments, but that's me. I cannot stay on the floor, knocked out. I have to keep going.''' ,'''You have to tackle. Football is not composed of just taking the ball, or clearing the ball, properly, without touching the opponent? No. If you clear the ball and the opponent is in the middle of it... I feel sorry for the opponent!''' ,'''You just have to be helpful and supportive and of course knowing that when I am recalled I'll get back at my best so the team is going to be there for me too.''' ,'''No manager wants to get bad results.''' ,'''There are many things to improve. I'm not nearly a perfect player, that's why I need to keep going.''' ,'''I can't expect that the team will be losing because I wasn't playing. That's never come from me.''' ,'''I would train every day after school from 3.30pm until 5.30pm and then I had to take three buses to get home, which would take at least two hours.''' ,'''Ajax wanted me to be a part of their first team.''' ,'''You have to admit, yes you play football, but at the same time you must not forget you are a defender and have to fight. Put your face in where it hurts.''' ,]
+++