+++
author = "Jay Sean"
title = "Jay Sean Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Jay Sean Quotes"
keywords = "jay sean,jay sean quotes,jay sean quote,jay sean sayings,jay sean saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I got my deal with Cash Money, it changed my whole life.''' ,'''I've always been fascinated by the body and the mind.''' ,'''England really is at the forefront of being a melting pot of all cultures.''' ,'''It's such a weird process, songwriting, because you just have to feel it. There's no right or wrong melody or lyric.''' ,'''It used to be OK to have two or three songs out a year - and those are your singles. Now, they don't want that. They're like, 'OK, I heard that. Next!'''' ,'''I was studying to be a doctor like every good Indian boy, and doing music on the side as a hobby. Then I started to get a little serious and record companies started giving me offers!''' ,'''I buy lots of my software over the net from the States.''' ,'''Birdman is probably one of the most intelligent music moguls out there.''' ,'''I'm a fan of collaborating.''' ,'''You should be able to do you. That's what differentiates an artist from a singer.''' ,'''Ride It' did it for me. Not only did the Asian community love it, but the black community and the white community got to hear about it. The song became such a big hit for me and got me noticed by the CEOs of Cash Money in America.''' ,'''I get so frustrated when it takes longer than a couple of seconds to load a page - I couldn't live without the Internet now.''' ,'''I believe that if you work hard and you never get to enjoy it then what's the point. You can't take any of this with you, the money or nothing. The only thing you can take is experiences, memories and good times, so I like to get amongst it as much as I can.''' ,'''For people that don't know and haven't seen a Bollywood film, you need to go and see one. They give you everything in one. They give you your comedy, your fear, your horror, your thriller, your rom-com. It's everything in one.''' ,'''I am a pop and R&B singer. I'm not necessarily an Indian singer or musician. I sing in English, and the music I do blends hip hop, pop, R&B, and soul.''' ,'''I always want people to realise that whatever I do is a quality product. And that's what's really important to me.''' ,'''When a hit's a hit, you can't hold it down.''' ,'''There was a time when I had spiky hair and I was doing Indian-influenced R&B fusion songs.''' ,'''I wanted to save people's lives. I wanted to do something good in this world.''' ,'''I think, honestly, hard work is the only way that you'll get anywhere and this is not an easy job. People think it's easy to be a singer or to be an artist. It's crazy hours and you need a lot of energy and some spirit inside you to do that.''' ,'''I love watching programs about Discovery Channel and just reading New Scientist, and all that kind of stuff. Im just fascinated by it.''' ,'''What I've found is that a lot of people in the media industry tend to use Macs because they're so good for graphics and music.''' ,'''I feel blessed to travel the world and land in a place where, when I sing my songs, they sing along with every word.''' ,'''The thing about touring is you get to see the world, man.''' ,'''I've never claimed myself to be a particularly Asian R&B singer. I'm R&B, pure and simple, regardless of my skin colour. Should that matter? I think not.''' ,'''Fashion is a huge part of my life.''' ,'''I've always found that there are loads of people out there with real talent will never get discovered. Shows like 'The X Factor' can help that and give people the confidence to do what they want.''' ,'''Music is a language that should have no barriers.''' ,'''I had the most incredible experience of my life being signed to Cash Money.''' ,'''People always tell me, when I want to get in the mood of a party or when I'm at a party and they put a Jay Sean song on I feel happy.''' ,'''I love making friends, I love talking to people, I love having a great time, and I love to see people have fun.''' ,'''There are so many egos in this game - maybe we all need to come down a notch.''' ,'''I used to re-create the beats that I heard.''' ,'''My father decided early on to get me the best education money could buy. He wanted me to have the opportunities that were denied to him.''' ,'''I wanted to be a doctor originally; that was my realistic dream, because I knew how to get there. Being a pop star was my wild dream, a fantasy - there was no direct route.''' ,'''A lot of my writing is done on the road so I can take the music on my iPod, work out a melody then record it into Cubase.''' ,'''I really enjoyed studying.''' ,'''I'm one of not even a handful of British Asian popstars who are maninstream. Of course I was always tagged as British Asian singer Jay Sean as opposed to pop R'n'B singer Jay Sean.''' ,'''I remember when Kriss Kross came out! I was round about the same age, or maybe a couple of years younger.''' ,'''I was never your average artist, happy to do whatever the record company told me.''' ,'''I like to write songs that people can identify with and sing along to.''' ,'''Bollywood is just amazing.''' ,'''I'd be making a fool of myself if I thought I was a rapper.''' ,'''There used to be times when you didn't see Indians on television or if you did it was the corner shop guy in 'EastEnders,' but now they're not as stereotypical and we've managed to fit in and blend really well. England does a great job of doing that.''' ,'''I've always been interested in acting because I acted before I did singing.''' ,'''I've always done pretty well for myself here in the U.K., but I was never going to be content being a big fish in a small pond.''' ,'''I eat a lot of cereal and toast.''' ,'''I would love to work with Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, because I love their music and they are responsible for a lot of incredible stuff.''' ,'''I don't actually believe in the 2012 Mayan theory at all, but I thought it would be a really dope thing to write about.''' ,'''My granddad doesn't care if he falls down when he's singing, he's just having a laugh.''' ,'''I don't need awards to show me how successful I am or to prove to me that I'm doing a good thing and that I'm succeeding.''' ,'''I'd say I am a nice cross of R&B and Pop.''' ,'''Stereotypes are so played out.''' ,'''I started writing rhymes in fact when I was 11 or 12 years old. I was actually into hip hop before anything else.''' ,'''The love and pride that I feel from my Indian fan base make every new performance in India unique and special.''' ,'''I'm a really hardworking person.''' ,'''In school, I used to write scripts and all that good stuff.''' ,'''Deep down inside, I'm a science geek.''' ,'''So when I wrote 'Down' - when I sang the melody, I sung the word 'Down' for no reason. I don't know why. That's how I came up with the medley. I was like, 'I don't know why I said down, but we got to write a song around it.'''' ,'''Managing yourself, writing and performing your own music can teach you a lot.''' ,'''I stick to what I do best, and I think what makes an artist an artist is when they know who they are.''' ,'''In terms of the way things went for me, I'm a firm believer that experience is what makes you. But I'm not saying it was easy.''' ,'''I never did music for awards. I did music because I love it and I do music because I love singing and I love entertaining.''' ,'''My blood is Indian. I don't need tablas in my music to prove that.''' ,'''I've played in Detroit so many times; the only thing I can say is that the crowd has been very responsive to me. They've always shown a lot of love.''' ,'''Much like Jennifer Lopez or Ricky Martin who might have started with a hardcore Latin fan-base, I'll always remember what my foundation was.''' ,'''I have rather skinny legs - I blame my dad's side of the family.''' ,'''When I came into this industry, was there racism? Yes.''' ,'''I feel I have a lot to share, I have stories for years, and I've been through everything, there's nothing you can throw at me that I haven't been through.''' ,'''As a teenager, I was part of rap groups, but ultimately the sound of R&B acts like Donnell Jones, Brian McKnight, and Eric Benet won my heart.''' ,'''I'm always trying to not spread myself too thin.''' ,'''The pride I feel in representing my people, no matter where I am, is never going to diminish. I could be in Hong Kong, Singapore, Egypt or even Las Vegas, I'll always be representing my people.''' ,'''I've got my fanbase; I believe in my music; I believe in my vision... And ain't no-one gonna stop me from doing that!''' ,'''The minute you forget who your fan-base is, that's the minute everything falls out from under you.''' ,'''I've been very blessed to work with some of the biggest in the game.''' ,'''Songwriters, we're always looking for new concepts, fresh concepts, and there are only so many ways you can talk about partying, really.''' ,'''I'm so proud of my heritage, and I know who my fans are.''' ,'''When I realized that you can actually impact people's lives like that through music, thats an incredible thing.''' ,'''When you look at Beyonce, every interview she does is just perfect delivery, perfect execution, and the thing is, she has honed that skill down.''' ,'''I'm never a believer in going back in anything. You move forward, so that's my whole mentality, you make moves to go forward not back.''' ,'''I think the charity side of things for me is very important, because if you're not giving something back, there's an imbalance somewhere in your life.''' ,'''I was born and raised in Southall; we had two houses which we made into one big one because there were 12 of us living there: me and my bro, my parents, my grandparents, and my dad's brother's family.''' ,'''I don't want to just do any acting role that comes just for the sake of getting in a film.''' ,'''There's been so much fusion of genres, whether Hindi and hip or reggaeton and bhangra.''' ,'''There are a lot of people, like myself, who love R&B and will always love R&B.''' ,'''Music was more than just something I enjoyed listening to. I was fascinated by it. I'd watch some of my favourite artists and emulate everything they did.''' ,'''I can do whatever I want now. I can drop seven songs in two weeks and fans don't care about whether it's from an album or not. They just care about the music.''' ,'''I cannot live without my iPhone.''' ,'''I grew up on R&B and soul, so that backbone is always there.''' ,'''I've been fortunate to work with artists that are at the top of their respective genres. That allowed me to learn from them and their success.''' ,'''When you're sharply dressed I think you feel more confident.''' ,'''I'm not going to lie, I am a bit of a party animal.''' ,'''Longevity trumps everything.''' ,'''The most important thing is to make quality music that will last.''' ,'''I'm open to all opportunities.''' ,'''I don't like to hold grudges, I don't like to talk ill of people.''' ,'''While I write for myself, I also write for other artists too.''' ,'''I used to dance around, I used to sing a lot, I remember, and beat box.''' ,'''The fact that I can unfurl the Indian flag the world over is the biggest honour.''' ,'''The Indian heritage plays a very important role in my career, I have always wanted my Indian roots to be with me. I was also influenced by the urban culture around me back in the day.''' ,]
+++