+++
author = "Michael Baumgartner"
title = "Michael Baumgartner Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Michael Baumgartner Quotes"
keywords = "michael baumgartner,michael baumgartner quotes,michael baumgartner quote,michael baumgartner sayings,michael baumgartner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Every individual should have both the right to join a union and the right to not join a union should they so choose. It's about basic human freedom.''' ,'''Really, running an underdog, insurgent political campaign against an opponent many folks think can't be beat, and going out and meeting folks and talking about your ideas for America and Washington, is a lot of fun and a real privilege.''' ,'''A trillion dollars spent, 2,000 American lives lost - Afghanistan is the longest war in American history. But you don't hear a word about it.''' ,'''I am still a Catholic. I still believe life begins at conception. That is consistent with my Catholic beliefs. And I believe we must protect life. Whenever abortion comes up, we get questioned about the exceptions, but no one ever questions the extreme positions on the other side: late-term abortions, no on parental notification.''' ,'''My interest in foreign policy is above the average voter's interest. That doesn't mean we shouldn't talk about it.''' ,'''The threshold of the Dream Act is not high enough. One year of community college is not enough... No, I do not support the Dream Act.''' ,'''When you represent the state of Washington, we have a tradition of deciding social issues by vote. Washington State passed abortion rights before Roe v. Wade and affirmed it at the ballot box later.''' ,'''Cantwell is so extreme that she doesn't see anything wrong with 11-year-old girls getting Plan B without a prescription. She is more liberal than Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and more liberal than President Obama. That is pretty extreme - a lot farther to the Left than most Washingtonians are comfortable with.''' ,'''I would, if checking boxes in a questionnaire, say I would oppose abortion except when the life of the mother is in danger.''' ,]
+++