+++
author = "Rudy Ruettiger"
title = "Rudy Ruettiger Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Rudy Ruettiger Quotes"
keywords = "rudy ruettiger,rudy ruettiger quotes,rudy ruettiger quote,rudy ruettiger sayings,rudy ruettiger saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The story of 'Rudy' has almost transcended me. I'm the representation, but there are so many people out there that identify with it.''' ,'''When I was growing up, my father would gather all of his children, seven brothers and seven sisters, around the television set and we would religiously watch every time Notre Dame played.''' ,'''Follow your dreams. It's always too early to quit.''' ,'''Learn to work with the integrity of your vision, not for how much money you can make and the big house.''' ,'''There's a price to pay for greatness. The price to pay is doing the right thing.''' ,'''People didn't understand my passion. I dreamt big. I saw myself playing at Notre Dame. I saw myself in a classroom.''' ,'''Give kids the chance to be champions.''' ,'''I was inspired by self-help books.''' ,'''Never give up on what you can do.''' ,'''You got to learn to change your thoughts. Everybody can do it.''' ,'''When people get inspired they go out and do things to make them who they want to be.''' ,'''I think every time I see a new audience, I get re-energized.''' ,'''It's fun to be excited because all the negative people stay away.''' ,'''I just wanted to be a part of Notre Dame. The school and I have a great relationship.''' ,'''I was always the underdog. See, I'd fight guys bigger than me. In boxing, it's not how good you are; it's how tough you are.''' ,'''Motivational speaking became my career. Who would ever have thought it?''' ,'''It's not an easy thing going to Hollywood and saying, 'Hey, make my movie.'''' ,'''I wanted to bring that message to people that you can change at any time once you decide to make that change.''' ,'''Character is the key to your success. Inspiration is key.''' ,'''In life, you have to take advantage of what you've been given.''' ,'''Talent doesn't win football games. But talent, heart and desire do. A good coach will recognize what's inside.''' ,'''People always need to hear good motivational speeches.''' ,'''My main message to kids is to have confidence and believe in yourself.''' ,'''At Notre Dame, even my statistics teacher wanted me to win.''' ,'''Everyone has a dream. If you don't have one, someone took it from you. Take it back.''' ,'''We accomplish what we do in our lives in spite of the joy stealers.''' ,'''Nothing's impossible.''' ,'''Too many of us let others' wrong perceptions of us influence how we see ourselves.''' ,'''What I really wanted more than anything was to be part of something.''' ,'''The biggest thing is to keep getting up.''' ,'''Eliminate the confusion in your life.''' ,'''If you try to beat the other guy, you probably won't win. But if you try to be the best you can be and compete against yourself, you'll win every time.''' ,'''That's another question I get all the time: 'Hey, Rudy, how the hell could you even afford to go to college?' The G.I. Bill.''' ,'''A lot of people take things for granted.''' ,'''I love Tom Brady because he's a Rudy. He was drafted low, worked hard.''' ,'''I had no money, no grades, no athletic ability. Nothing but hope.''' ,'''I listened to people who encouraged me and believed in me.''' ,'''Big dreams bring all sorts of challenges. To meet them, you have to have character, courage and a commitment to contribute to your community.''' ,'''Everyone needs a consequence to be successful.''' ,'''Getting what you want is only a problem if you have nowhere to go next.''' ,'''I quit hanging around people who made me feel bad.''' ,'''You can do anything in 10 minutes.''' ,'''There's always a way to get where you want to go if you're willing to pay the price.''' ,'''When you have a big vision, if you focus on that vision, you'll get it. But most people quit because it gets too hard.''' ,'''When you believe in yourself, you'll believe in all the signs the good Lord is telling us. You expect yourself to do well, and you expect to do something great.''' ,'''My story was not a football story. My story was more about going against the odds of what life was handing me.''' ,'''You don't quit just because the odds are against you.''' ,'''To my father, Notre Dame represented the underdogs of the world, the Italians, and the Polish people. I told him that one day I would play football for Notre Dame and worked hard to make that dream come true.''' ,'''For a lot of people, I was a below-average guy who broke through a wall.''' ,'''Dont let people steal your dreams.''' ,'''You don't quit on who you are.''' ,'''My friends always told me I was short, dumb and ugly. And you know what, I believed them. But when you change your friends, you change your attitude.''' ,'''I don't look at it like I'm a legend.''' ,'''The only reason I wanted to go to college was so I could go to Notre Dame, and so after I graduate from Notre Dame I could go to heaven.''' ,'''Don't let people steal your confidence and tell you what you can't do because I'm living proof that you can overcome all the obstacles.''' ,'''Attitude plays a big part in your life and how you measure your dreams.''' ,'''I just want to let people know, 'Be what you want to be.'''' ,'''God has a funny way of giving you the answer when you get your mind away from goofy things.''' ,'''You don't have to be an All-American. You just have to have character and courage, and I take that message very seriously.''' ,'''You control your behavior by controlling your thoughts.''' ,'''I'm not a celebrity. I'm much more of a legacy. All things considered, I'd rather be a legacy.''' ,'''I think my story captured a wonderful feeling inside all of us. It's a dream that we can all do it. It's all possible.''' ,'''When you're focused, you don't hear the crowd noises, you only hear what you need to hear.''' ,'''Luck doesn't happen. You create it.''' ,'''You become what people say you are.''' ,'''When you are happy, successful people want to be around you.''' ,'''People say I'm a pain in the rear, but we surrender to people who say we are pains the rear.''' ,'''I'm 5-foot-6.''' ,'''Don't let people tell you who you are or what you're going to be!''' ,'''I never put a time limit on my dream.''' ,'''If you have the dream, the belief and the faith, you can go anywhere.''' ,'''When you focus on your dreams, great things happen.''' ,'''If you have a dream, you can achieve it. You just have to know how to get there.''' ,'''Don't be a taker, be a giver, because when you give you get back.''' ,'''There's a limit to what each guy physically can do, but there's no limit on how far you go.''' ,'''You don't die with a good message.''' ,'''People sometimes just need inspiration to keep moving along, whether it's going to Notre Dame and being rejected, or taking a long time to bring a sports movie and Hollywood together, which took a long time for 'Rudy.'''' ,'''I was a great practice player. I knew I wasn't going to play, but I wanted to do my part in helping the rest of the team prepare for the games.''' ,'''If you want to go after something, just do it.''' ,'''I always practiced like I expected to play.''' ,'''Face life's obstacles and never give up on your dreams.''' ,'''Dreaming is a lifetime occupation.''' ,'''I can't tell you how many times someone has written me and said, 'I became a doctor because of you' or 'I became a dancer because of you.'''' ,'''You want people to have a positive outlook on life. No matter what they go through, there's hope. I represent that message.''' ,'''Patience is key, as long as you have a purpose.''' ,'''You see, my movie isn't about football, or about Notre Dame. It's about hope, about the human spirit.''' ,'''There are two kinds of people. There are the ones who believe in your dreams and there are the ones who think it's their job to crush those dreams.''' ,'''I knew I couldn't be a Heisman Trophy winner, but I could be the best I can be.''' ,'''Now, I'm not positive 24 hours a day. I have my grieving moments. But when I go to a school to speak to a bunch of kids, I get pumped up.''' ,'''I want to help people be positive.''' ,'''Retail employees are the underdogs or 'Rudy' of the work force. They start off at the bottom trying to gain experience, but rarely expect a good wage, a good experience or any career mobility. We need to change that mindset.''' ,'''You're never, ever too old to catch your dream.''' ,'''You've got to eliminate the confusion in your life. And eliminate the excuses.''' ,'''My father became the man he wanted to be by allowing dreams and supporting his family's dreams.''' ,'''I have no status or stardom. I was just willing to die for my dream.''' ,'''Sometimes you've got to fail to learn.''' ,'''If you don't have anything to stand up for, you fall for everything.''' ,'''Dreams are good.''' ,'''It's cool to have courage.''' ,'''How could God give me a dream, a dream of going to Notre Dame, a dream of becoming somebody, and I'm a dummy, I'm nobody.''' ,]
+++