+++
author = "Kevin Dillon"
title = "Kevin Dillon Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Kevin Dillon Quotes"
keywords = "kevin dillon,kevin dillon quotes,kevin dillon quote,kevin dillon sayings,kevin dillon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I guess Tom Cruise - everything he does, everything he touches, is kind of a success.''' ,'''I have to do so many scenes cooking that I wanted to learn how to chop like I know what I'm doing and do certain things around the kitchen that look right.''' ,'''I don't go out that often. I'm not going to clubs or anything.''' ,'''The character of Johnny Drama was a lot of fun to play.''' ,'''My brother Paul's really kind of obsessive, and he obsesses over things.''' ,'''I do real estate.''' ,'''I've been dying to go to India, especially to the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. I've also heard Bollywood town's a lot of fun!''' ,'''I'll spend time playing 'Call of Duty' and 'Medal of Honor.'''' ,'''I'm kind of a jeans and T-shirt guy.''' ,'''I'm a good Catholic - most of the time.''' ,'''It's hard to walk down the street without 'Entourage' comments, and that's all nice.''' ,'''I like everything about acting.''' ,'''I was called Matt Dillon's brother my whole career basically until 'Entourage' broke me free of that and now people call me Johnny Drama instead.''' ,'''I've learned how to make a nice souffle, a little mac and cheese.''' ,'''I enjoy fatherhood.''' ,'''I know a lot of really good actors - tons, just tons - who I still don't know why they don't work all the time because they're that good. It's just a weird business, and I know a lot of actors who shouldn't be working, but they work all the time.''' ,'''I was hoping to attend the School of Visual Arts and had a portfolio built up.''' ,'''I love the Discovery Channel, man!''' ,'''I just always loved pinball.''' ,'''In 'War Party,' I play a quarter-breed Indian. It's a serious movie, but it's funny, too.''' ,'''I gotta lot of Black Irish in me.''' ,'''I'm kind of new to the racing game thing. I've always been, like, a shooter game kind of guy.''' ,'''I don't know, scene stealing is something I see as, people look at it, it could be a positive thing, but I really like to think of myself as a team player. It's kind of like one player can make the other teammates better, kind of like Larry Byrd dishing off.''' ,'''I might be into writing... I'd like to try it someday. I always come up with some good ideas.''' ,'''Everything that happens on 'Entourage' does happen in Hollywood.''' ,'''I think I look pretty decent in a tux.''' ,'''I don't like to get involved in any bashing at all.''' ,'''I live out here in Malibu, where I can see the stars. So I want to get a really nice telescope so I can look at the stars a little bit more.''' ,'''I really enjoy acting. I feel I'm getting better and better with each movie I make.''' ,'''The moment when you find out when you shoot the pilot - getting the pilot is a small victory. You shoot the pilot, and when you get picked up, that's a huge victory right there.''' ,'''I'm kind of a homebody.''' ,'''I've done a lot of movies before 'Entourage,' and I hope to always have my movie career going. Maybe I could take on another TV show, too.''' ,'''I've always wanted an old Vette... like, a '67 Stingray is the car I'd want.''' ,'''I've got plenty of advice from a number of other actors. Me? I don't give advice.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of comedians not having to apologize for anything. Nowadays it seems comedians are always apologizing for being funny.''' ,'''Before 'Entourage,' I couldn't get a sitcom.''' ,'''People wouldn't hire me for comedies. They would say, 'Oh, he doesn't do comedy,' and now it's really all I do.''' ,'''I thought I'd miss cursing, but I actually don't. I still feel like I can get my point across without real harsh language.''' ,'''I wouldn't mind having a nice little restaurant.''' ,'''I'm an old guy, so I started out playing 'Pong' with my brothers, and 'Mario Bros.' and whatnot. But we really got involved and got intense when 'Tecmo Super Bowl' came out. That's when we really started playing video games, and it got intense.''' ,'''I was a class clown, but I'm not a bully.''' ,'''I think oysters are overrated, and I don't love the texture.''' ,'''I have great tenants. They've all become my friends. They call me and say, 'Hey Kev, we've got a drip!'''' ,]
+++