+++
author = "Lewis F. Powell, Jr."
title = "Lewis F. Powell, Jr. Quotes"
quotes_len = "7"
description = "the best 7 Lewis F. Powell, Jr. Quotes"
keywords = "lewis f. powell, jr.,lewis f. powell, jr. quotes,lewis f. powell, jr. quote,lewis f. powell, jr. sayings,lewis f. powell, jr. saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We have seen the civil rights movement insist on re-writing many of the textbooks in our universities and schools. The labor unions likewise insist that textbooks be fair to the viewpoints of organized labor. Other interested citizens groups have not hesitated to review, analyze and criticize textbooks and teaching materials.''' ,'''The average member of the public thinks of 'business' as an impersonal corporate entity owned by the very rich and managed by overpaid executives. There is an almost total failure to appreciate that 'business' actually embraces - in one way or another - most Americans.''' ,'''Perhaps the single most effective antagonist of American business is Ralph Nader, who - thanks largely to the media - has become a legend in his own time and an idol of millions of Americans.''' ,'''I am primarily a lawyer. I would rather play in the game than be the umpire.''' ,'''Effort should be made to see that the forum-type programs (the 'Today Show,' 'Meet the Press,' etc.) afford at least as much opportunity for supporters of the American system to participate as these programs do for those who attack it.''' ,'''I do not enjoy being away from Richmond, my friends of a lifetime, and my home... I do not enjoy working 6 days a week and almost every night at a time when I had planned to be tapering off. There are compensations which appeal to any lawyer who is proud of his profession. The Supreme Court is an awesome place.''' ,'''I don't believe I've ever met a homosexual.''' ,]
+++