+++
author = "David Dobrik"
title = "David Dobrik Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 David Dobrik Quotes"
keywords = "david dobrik,david dobrik quotes,david dobrik quote,david dobrik sayings,david dobrik saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to be a late night host and the podcast is a way for me to do longer form interviews and to get better at interviewing.''' ,'''I filmed my first vlog and I think it worked because I wasn't trying to make it work. I was just doing it for my own enjoyment.''' ,'''I don't have a kitchen table 'cause I feel like I eat really quickly, so I just get it done while I'm standing or doing something else.''' ,'''The Vlog Squad... We gotta change that name.''' ,'''I actually don't drink.''' ,'''TikTok is the app that Vine should have been.''' ,'''I think celebrity is such a weird word. I see myself as, like, a personality. I hate saying the word 'YouTuber' because it draws so much negative attention but I think personality is the best way to put it.''' ,'''It's the best, it's so weird because, having your camera on constantly is known to be such a bad thing because it's like, 'Live in the moment,' but we genuinely have so much fun when we turn the camera on.''' ,'''I feel like a lot of people don't have the most positive things to say about YouTubers.''' ,'''The problem with YouTube is if I want to watch something serious, I can click on it, but in two seconds, I'm also going to be greeted with some video about some guy surprising his kid with a baby cat.''' ,'''I rarely ever do anything crazy, I really like to be careful to stay in a safe spot, I don't want to do anything, like, insane. I have a lot of people around me to make sure I don't do anything crazy.''' ,'''I would definitely date a fan that was a fan of the stuff I make, 100 percent.''' ,'''I love people's, like, reactions to things - whether it's, like, a good reaction or a bad reaction.''' ,'''I don't like opening up in front of everyone.''' ,'''I think the Internet just makes it a lot easier to consume content and I think people are giving more respect to the people that are on it, which I think is really important.''' ,'''We don't write jokes or anything, the furthest we'll go is we'll repeat certain jokes for the camera.''' ,'''I always get yelled at when things don't match, but apparently that's kind of part of fashion, having things not match.''' ,'''I always knew I wanted to work hard at something.''' ,'''I feel that I owe a lot to SpongeBob and all Bikini Bottom for helping me figure out what I thought was funny and entertaining.''' ,'''My biggest thing is I really want to be able to travel and make videos.''' ,'''I started on Vine when I first started. My parents were pretty confused about it. They definitely weren't like, 'Don't do it,' but they also were definitely parents like, 'you have to go to college.' So they didn't really understand what the whole concept was and what it could possibly turn into.''' ,'''I want to see the world.''' ,'''It's really weird, people love filming, they love being on camera.''' ,'''I'm not much of an art guy but I really do love Shelby and Sandy's work - they look like they're made on a computer but they're hand-painted.''' ,'''I think the most important part of anyone creating videos or creating anything is just being genuine and having it be true to what you want to do and who you are.''' ,'''I saw him at the club and one of his friends was like, 'You're gonna meet Justin' and I just remember - everyone knows Justin Bieber, right? Everyone grew up, at least I grew up, listening to his music. I know all about him, I was so nervous.''' ,'''If you're in it for the money, there is no way you will ever make it! Never. That's not going to get you there at all. I just made fun video with my friends. That's the key.''' ,'''We went on 'Fallon' and they had like one hundred-plus employees working on one show, and it's like, I can't afford more than two employees.''' ,'''Just be authentic and be you.''' ,'''It's weird to talk about money, but as a kid my biggest fascination was how much do these Youtubers make, how much do actors make, how much does anybody in the entertainment industry make?''' ,'''All the mistakes we make are documented.''' ,'''I really like LED signs because I feel like they're a really easy way to decorate a house and make it feel like it's a lot cooler than it actually is.''' ,'''I don't cook, I always order food or I go out.''' ,'''If people see that you're passionate about what you're creating, they're going to enjoy it.''' ,'''I have a group of like, 15, 20, 30 friends, and they help me day in and day out with all the videos.''' ,'''It's always been like this since the beginning of time. You interact with one female or somebody that people will think you'll cute with and everybody either assumes that you're dating or they want you date. It's just how it all works.''' ,'''I can't explain how lucky I am.''' ,'''Once you have money you're gonna want to give back. And it's the best, best feeling.''' ,'''I feel like my 'paycheck' being cut on YouTube was almost like a wake-up call to be like, 'Hey, don't be conformable, expand the business.'''' ,'''I'm not allowed to leave the country because I am under what you call DACA.''' ,'''I don't have a visa. The only thing I can do where I can leave the country and come back is if I get married.''' ,'''My big dream is to be a late-night host, but it's like, what does that even mean?''' ,]
+++