+++
author = "Luv Ranjan"
title = "Luv Ranjan Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Luv Ranjan Quotes"
keywords = "luv ranjan,luv ranjan quotes,luv ranjan quote,luv ranjan sayings,luv ranjan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Unfortunately, we are part of an industry where if a man and woman have worked together for such a long period of time, they have to be linked up.''' ,'''If you give the actors the characters that they are comfortable with, they've no issues with what another actor is doing.''' ,'''The truth is 'Akaash Vani' was not a young film. The second half of the film was quite mature. It's unfortunate that not many people have seen the film, so I am still associated more with 'Youth Centric Films'.''' ,'''No good can ever come out of anything if you try to put every problem in the closet rather than talking about it.''' ,'''Just like there are nice guys and not-so-nice guys, there are nice women and the not-so-nice. The problem is that, in India films have only shown one side of women.''' ,'''I will always be possessive about creative independence - why is why I can't work with stars. I don't even let actors come to the monitor and see the shot.''' ,'''I don't think I could have learnt as much about my craft working with stars. Just the sheer freedom you get while working with newcomers is exciting.''' ,'''You don't need sex and controversy when your film has merit.''' ,'''I am a firm believer that an oppressed society gives birth to crime.''' ,'''I apologise to whoever I have caused hurt, whoever I have not made feel comfortable enough. I apologise for not being able to communicate my intent. I apologise for not being able to make someone feel that I am the man that I have aspired to be and I believe I am.''' ,'''If you look at my filmography my second film 'Akash Vani' had nothing to do with the genre that I am identified with.''' ,'''I want to constantly reinvent myself and confuse audiences about which genre I am comfortable with.''' ,'''There are so many feminist groups that talk about women's rights. But, there's domestic violence against men as well. Nobody talks about it because of the social stigma.''' ,'''People say actors change once they become stars, but it's wrong. People don't change, it's always you who changes.''' ,]
+++