+++
author = "Giggs"
title = "Giggs Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Giggs Quotes"
keywords = "giggs,giggs quotes,giggs quote,giggs sayings,giggs saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I go on Twitter and MySpace and I see all the love, and that's a big help.''' ,'''I don't really expect anything to happen anyway; if I book a tour, I know it might not happen. I just think about the things that I have got. A lot of good things have happened to me too. It could always be worse.''' ,'''With me, I'm quite a shy bredda, so it's when I get to know someone - just like any shy person - you just open up more.''' ,'''I am seeing youts getting off the street. They talk about drill and its influence and how it's bad blah, blah, blah, but all I'm seeing is it's getting youts off the streets.''' ,'''My whole life in the streets, I was taught not to answer questions and just keep my mouth shut.''' ,'''I try and show my son success, success, success, so that's all he'll ever know.''' ,'''You have to have a name when you're young, I went through loads.''' ,'''Rick Ross is bigger to me than Dizzee Rascal. My music is more gangsta rap than anything English.''' ,'''It's crazy this is my life. But man's been working for years so maybe it's not that mad.''' ,'''Yeah, Peckham's a mad place. Unpredictable. You don't know what's going to happen throughout the day or the night. Today in the morning everything's cool. In the afternoon you're in mad beef. It's just normal isn't it? It's cool for us.''' ,'''I'm making music 'cause I love music, not to get in the charts. That's the way I want things to be.''' ,'''I'm happy that kids are getting off the streets and making their families proud.''' ,'''My mom's always worked a lot. Always.''' ,'''I used to be a Peckham boy, we used to have ghetto boys or maybe like Brixton. And sometimes we'd hear about the greasiest ones but we'd never have seen them before.''' ,'''Obviously it is good to think 'this year has been sick' but unfortunately we're human beings so we're always trying to strive for more.''' ,'''I understand how quickly life can change, which is why I've got to do what I want to do.''' ,'''There are other people who think they know everything and it goes back to the same formula, but I'm not with them. I'm not the same as everyone else and every single day I'm writing a new page in history.''' ,'''Anakin Skywalker... He's a top man bruv. He runs the game, even before he turns bad. It's like the whole galaxy knew about him.''' ,'''It's mad for me because I'm kind of shy. When everyone's running up to me shouting, 'Can I take pictures?'''' ,'''A lot of people get signed then don't really care what the people want anymore. They're just thinking 'How am I going to make that hit?'''' ,'''You never know when you're going to get parole. You might get knocked back, they might give you parole. That's like me trying to get into America. Are we going to let him in?''' ,'''I've always been into music. I used to DJ. I used to mix reggae and that. I used to be into reggae hard. Well first it was rap, then reggae, then rap again, then rap and reggae. But I was always DJing out my window for the whole estate. Everyone used to sit outside and all and listen. And I used to be running rhythms in that.''' ,'''I'm a thug and I rap.''' ,'''I've got enough people hoping I'll fail that I need to be smart with my business.''' ,'''I'm not really good with talking, I'm not really a talker.''' ,'''The first NWA album is the first rap album I heard with swearing.''' ,'''The U.K. rap scene was already there, before me.''' ,'''People power is way more powerful than anything. The sooner everyone understands that, the better.''' ,'''Me, I'm just such a fan of music. So if I like something, I'll just get obsessed!''' ,'''I don't really go anywhere. I'm kind of low key.''' ,'''It feels like there are more good youts out there following their dreams. It's not just music; they're doing loads of stuff - they are getting creative and doing mad out of the box stuff.''' ,'''In America, people will look past a criminal record. In England, they try and shut you up.''' ,'''I'd always watch 'Star Wars' for the Ewoks.''' ,'''People are scared of the truth.''' ,'''I just want to thank police for all this great promotion that they're giving me, all these cancellations, which are making me more powerful.''' ,'''Every single CD I made, I'm in a different place.''' ,]
+++