+++
author = "Hernan Crespo"
title = "Hernan Crespo Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Hernan Crespo Quotes"
keywords = "hernan crespo,hernan crespo quotes,hernan crespo quote,hernan crespo sayings,hernan crespo saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I played in Premier League with Chelsea and in Italy with lot of teams.''' ,'''For me to be in a Champions League final playing for Milan was already the best experience you can imagine.''' ,'''I went to Italy as a 21-year-old when I could easily have stayed in Argentina, playing for the biggest club in the land, River Plate, and having a nice, comfortable life.''' ,'''I strongly believe that if you can survive for seven years in Italian football, you can make it anywhere else.''' ,'''I'm almost happy for Gary Neville's troubles at Valencia. I remember he was too harsh as a TV pundit.''' ,'''I like to push myself to the limit of my abilities.''' ,'''Two separate times, we lost a baby. It was hard to go through that with my wife. Life has to go on but it was so hard.''' ,'''For those who want to be a manager, the Premier League is the best place to work; at the very top.''' ,'''I cried after the game when we won the league - it was hugely special to me. The first season we came second and got to the Champions League semifinal, and I knew I needed to come back and win with Chelsea.''' ,'''When I played, it was more difficult to score goals in Italy than anywhere else.''' ,'''To watch a game from the TV, it's very different from the bench.''' ,'''I grew without having a thing about the Ballon d'Or. When I was young, Ballon d'Or was also given to the European players. I didn't grow with this ambition. I think it's a personal trophy and football is a team game.''' ,'''I grew up watching the great Milan teams with the Dutch players.''' ,'''It is our desire to win the World Cup again but it is going to be difficult and we mustn't forget that in the history of football, Argentina has only won the World Cup twice. That shows how difficult it will be to win it.''' ,'''I like coaching a lot and I've always had this desire in me.''' ,'''People say that Chelsea are undergoing a revolution. Well, that suits me fine, because I am a true revolutionary.''' ,'''When I go onto the field, I will always give 100% for my team, irrespective of who we are playing against.''' ,'''I made my debut in football at the age of 18, I met my wife at 27 and I never showed up with a girlfriend at home until my wife, so I was always single until that age.''' ,'''I never played in Spain. To play for Real Madrid or Barcelona would be great.''' ,'''I spent too little time at Chelsea. I want to have another life so I could spend more time there.''' ,]
+++