+++
author = "Barry Bonds"
title = "Barry Bonds Quotes"
quotes_len = "31"
description = "the best 31 Barry Bonds Quotes"
keywords = "barry bonds,barry bonds quotes,barry bonds quote,barry bonds sayings,barry bonds saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everyone in society should be a role model, not only for their own self-respect, but for respect from others.''' ,'''I was a momma's boy. I didn't get anything from Dad, except my body and baseball knowledge. The only time I spent with him was at the ballpark.''' ,'''As an athlete, you only have so much time. The window only has so much time and then it closes. You have to take care of yourself the best you can.''' ,'''I think everyone needs to be a role model, period.''' ,'''Young players need to know how to take care of themselves for life after baseball.''' ,'''It's called talent. I just have it. I can't explain it. You either have it or you don't.''' ,'''I don't know what my future is.''' ,'''Every pitcher can beat you, it doesn't matter how good you are.''' ,'''But to be the best, you must face the best. And to overcome your fear, you must deal with the best.''' ,'''I have a chef who makes sure that I'm getting the right amounts of carbs, proteins and fats throughout the day to keep me at my max performance level.''' ,'''I'm an expert in baseball and I don't even have a job. I'm an expert, more so than a lot of people out there. It should be my career until I'm dead. I should be one of the instructors. I think I've earned it.''' ,'''I'm a very private person. My life story isn't for everybody.''' ,'''I like to be against the odds.''' ,'''When I finish playing, I think I'd like to coach college baseball.''' ,'''Making the Hall of Fame, would it be something that's gratifying because of what I've sacrificed? Sure. Baseball has been a big part of our lives. We've sacrificed our bodies. It's the way we made our living.''' ,'''Those boos really motivate me to make something happen.''' ,'''It's not the name that makes the player. It's the player.''' ,'''I'm not afraid to be lonely at the top.''' ,'''I want to be part of Major League Baseball's Hall of Fame, but I don't want to be part of the kind of Hall of Fame that's based on voters' beliefs and assumptions.''' ,'''There's not too many rich black people in this world.''' ,'''I'm going to go back to the Bay Area, this is my thing, and I'm just going to open my own school of baseball. Find a facility, find a place and just teach kids. That's what I want to do.''' ,'''I don't know what you guys say, but at home, life is way different from baseball.''' ,'''There is nothing better than walking out and hitting a home run.''' ,'''I don't want to be a Major League coach.''' ,'''Baseball is just my job.''' ,'''My career is an open book, but my life is not.''' ,'''I think some of the pressure comes from the expectations of other people. Like if your father played baseball, they expect you to be the big lifesaver or something when you play a sport.''' ,'''I could learn how to press 'Record' on a tape recorder and write for a newspaper or a magazine.''' ,'''I'd like to help educate kids about the Major Leagues - what to anticipate, what to expect, what they'll need to do to prepare themselves.''' ,'''I was born to hit a baseball. I can hit a baseball.''' ,'''I never stop looking for things to try and make myself better.''' ,]
+++