+++
author = "Rosanna Arquette"
title = "Rosanna Arquette Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Rosanna Arquette Quotes"
keywords = "rosanna arquette,rosanna arquette quotes,rosanna arquette quote,rosanna arquette sayings,rosanna arquette saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''So many people put older women out to pasture.''' ,'''There's no way I'm going to put this kid in the movies, because of the rejection. It's so hard as an adult, so why set her up to feel that bad as a child?''' ,'''Music used to change people's minds - and it still changes mine.''' ,'''It's not fair the emphasis put on beauty, or on sexuality.''' ,'''Being fierce is a compliment! It's not an insult.''' ,'''I think I live life really spontaneously. That drives people crazy.''' ,'''There will always be some kid who's the new Kurt Cobain writing great lyrics and singing from his soul. The problem is they're not marketing that anymore or putting it out there.''' ,'''I'm a person who takes baths in the dark, alone.''' ,'''Stress is a killer.''' ,'''When I was doing indie films, it wasn't cool and hip.''' ,'''I feel offended when people bring up my four marriages. I was 19 when I first got married and I thought it would be for ever. But each of my marriages has added to my life and helped form me as a human being.''' ,'''My parents were activists and my mother was hugely involved with the anti-Vietnam War protests.''' ,'''Hate is a powerful energy. If you want to do anything, resist hate. Resist it.''' ,'''I like to think of myself as fearless.''' ,'''Art is such an important part of our culture.''' ,'''I love music and musicians. And seeing great artists dropped from labels was really frustrating and sad to me.''' ,'''It's so hard to be a mother and to also want to practice your art.''' ,'''It's so hard to have relationships when there is so much scrutiny.''' ,'''It's not fair that there aren't very many juicy or varied roles for women.''' ,'''Criticism really used to hurt me. Most of these critics are usually frustrated artists, and they criticise other people's art because they can't do it themselves. It's a really disgusting job. They must feel horrible inside.''' ,'''I've never kept my mouth shut, especially as my industry is so misogynistic. I've got a reputation as a troublemaker.''' ,'''Fortunately, we have a lot of really smart women in the business.''' ,'''I think Americans have always been pretty outspoken. I always found that if you had emotions in England, it's like, 'Here's a cup of tea.'''' ,'''It's really hard not to be paranoid when you find out that you've been spied on.''' ,'''In Hollywood there are a lot of very insecure men running the business.''' ,'''Look, it's to the point where kids are getting Botox. It's insane. We're not allowed to age.''' ,'''Yes, just by the nature of the colour of my skin, I was born with privilege. And it is unfair.''' ,'''I feel like I'm getting the best parts of my career, in my 50s.''' ,'''Most men are not that evolved.''' ,'''I never really played the game, doing what it takes to be a star, to keep your mouth shut.''' ,'''Men want girls. Most men want little girls. They want them in film. They want to look at them. That's all they want. An evolved man is not going to look that way.''' ,'''I think everybody wants love, and everybody wants to feel alive.''' ,'''If things aren't going so well, I try to stay positive and not give in to negative thoughts.''' ,'''I love working with children, and I love music.''' ,'''I was in Florida with Burt Stern, the photographer who shot Marilyn Monroe on the beach with a sweater, and we smoked a joint. The bathing suit kept coming off in the water, and I just ripped it off. I was very comfortable being naked.''' ,'''I spent many years seeking self-awareness and wondering what I should be doing on this planet.''' ,'''Music is the universal language that everyone can understand.''' ,'''You have to pay the bills when you're a single mum.''' ,'''It's so hard to keep everything balanced in life.''' ,'''My childhood shaped the person I became. It was artistic, musical and left-wing.''' ,'''I know parents have a hard time letting their kids spread their wings and fly.''' ,'''It's unfortunate that music has become such big business.''' ,'''I think we've told a lot of lies about human behavior through film.''' ,'''I do resent that when you're in the most cool, powerful time of your life, which is your 40s, you're put out to pasture. I think women are so much cooler when they're older. So it's a drag that we're not allowed to age.''' ,'''I think the most important thing for an artist is to not worry about what anybody else thinks. You just have to do what comes from your heart and your being and put it out there-that's true in any of the arts.''' ,]
+++