+++
author = "Nick Cannon"
title = "Nick Cannon Quotes"
quotes_len = "55"
description = "the best 55 Nick Cannon Quotes"
keywords = "nick cannon,nick cannon quotes,nick cannon quote,nick cannon sayings,nick cannon saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was rapping at eight.''' ,'''I am not worthy to be on a Mariah Carey record. She's a true artist, so I just step back and watch the genius occur.''' ,'''People have always said I have an old soul, and all my best friends are 10 to 15 years my senior.''' ,'''Most aspiring child actors or child stars have a passion for it. But as easy as it is for me to say that I wouldn't put my kids in it, if I saw that they really, really wanted to do and they had the drive, then I would fully support it. As long as there's balance at home, then they could do whatever they wanted to do.''' ,'''I think I'm actually built for fatherhood. I love to have a good time and play, but at the same time I've got a really serious side to me, and I think that's the balance you have to have. Get on your kids' level, but at any point in time, let them know who the parent is.''' ,'''I was 16 years old, driving to LA, and sleeping in my car, just trying to make it happen.''' ,'''There's so many people that follow the trend, and then it gets to a point where it gets a little stale. So, in music; I mean, whoever's the new trendsetter, that's who people follow.''' ,'''Mariah is a beautiful and talented person, and I've had a crush on her for as long as I can remember. Every day, my respect for Mariah continues to grow higher. She's a caring, warm and funny person. People have no idea how funny she is! I feel like I've always known she was my forever love.''' ,'''Even though I am fortunate to have certain luxuries, sometimes, I am even amazed by what people with money have and do. I want to remind people that just because you might be rich and famous, it doesn't mean you have to take yourself too seriously.''' ,'''I'm a musician. I play instruments. I dabble in the hip-hop field. That doesn't take vocal ability necessarily.''' ,'''A lot of the girls my age were impressed by silly stuff like money and fame. I wanted to be able to have intellectual and spiritual conversations with someone who was on the same page as me.''' ,'''I always say that candy is the perfect studio food - it keeps your energy going.''' ,'''This is my chance to get out there and appease the fans of my music as well as show people that I do do standup comedy because a lot of people don't know that's where I started.''' ,'''Family is always first.''' ,'''My Vocation is my Vacation. I love what I do.''' ,'''I'm not geeky but I have my geeky, corky moments, and then I've got some aspects of cool in me, I guess.''' ,'''I think it takes a strong man to be in a relationship with a strong woman. A lot of people hear the word 'diva' and think of it as a negative. I see it as a positive. I want somebody who knows what they want out of life and isn't afraid to show it.''' ,'''Just speak yourself into existence. Whatever you want, speak it. You can see it.''' ,'''I've never been able to sky-dive, and I've always wanted to. I've probably done everything else, but for some reason the insurance company won't let me do it.''' ,'''I always try to be optimistic, but not to the point where I'm getting on people's nerves.''' ,'''I love 'Wild 'N Out' so much - one, because it's my baby, but also I get to see others succeed and go on to lead their own careers.''' ,'''I think my kids give mommy more attention than they give me.''' ,'''I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad.''' ,'''We are already expected to be the goodie two shoes. I went through that during my junior high schools where I wasn't allowed to watch television. I wasn't allowed to listen to the radio.''' ,'''I want to affect culture. I want to have my mark on everything. I give examples of people like Bill Cosby, Quincy Jones - those are the people who I look up to. The game wouldn't be the same without them. What happens in the course of 5 years isn't really important to me. I care about what they'll say about me in 50 years.''' ,'''The thing I adore about Mariah the most is she's probably the most nurturing person I've ever met, like one of those spirits that walks into the room and wants to make sure that everybody's okay and taken care of. For someone to be at her status but be so concerned about others is really cool.''' ,'''The beautiful thing about acting is that you can just dive into the character, strip yourself of everything, and just get in there and perfect your craft.''' ,'''I just work - however people feel about it, I mean, at the end of the day, if I'm waiting for accolades, I could be waiting all my life, but I don't need that stuff to validate me. I just do what makes me happy.''' ,'''I am a hopeless romantic, and so is my wife.''' ,'''I was actually raised around a lot of children. So, I'm very comfortable around children.''' ,'''Me personally, I wouldn't put my kids on television. But to each his own.''' ,'''I am always the first to say that fame and entertainment is one of the best and easiest occupations to ever have, but one must know how to navigate through the matrix or you may find yourself in a very dark hole.''' ,'''One thing about being a stand-up is it's a one-man show. You gotta do everything. You're the producer, writer, director, and the actor. You just gotta be out there and perform and give your all. It's such an honest form of art that it just taught me so much, and it kind of prepared me for manhood at an early age.''' ,'''Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese.''' ,'''Saturday morning, you knew what was cool by what was on 'Soul Train.'''' ,'''People think that as a celebrity, you have to have this sort of mystique about you, but I'm probably the realest person you'll ever meet.''' ,'''In the hip-hop community, it's about how real are you, or how strong can you be, and really my music just reflects me. If you can accept me, then you can accept my music.''' ,'''It's fun having songs about parties and gigolos, but I really wanted to use my music as a form of art. Art is supposed to spark conversation and make people think, and I wanted to do that with this song.''' ,'''Real men change diapers!''' ,'''If I have a talent, it's already been exploited! I've shown everything I can do to the public.''' ,'''I'm so into playing different characters, even when I was on Nickelodeon. I just observe.''' ,'''The only person I've worked with on my album was Kanye. And between the stuff that I've done and the stuff that he's assisted on and produced for me for this album, I don't even need anything else.''' ,'''Mariah's fashion game is definitely on a different level than mine. She actually knows Roberto Cavalli and Dolce & Gabbana. I didn't know those people actually existed; I thought they were just names.''' ,'''You have to be vigorous. That's the only way you are going to get it because everybody has dreams and everybody has goals, but the only people who achieve them are the ones that go after it and don't take no for an answer.''' ,'''The people who truly love me and loved me before all of this stuff. You can't ever leave them behind.''' ,'''I like underground rappers - Cory Gunz is a young kid that's been really doing his thing. I'm a Gym Class Heroes type of fan even though they're not new, but they're definitely trendsetters.''' ,'''I tell people 'America's Got Talent' is the best summer job you could have - you get to watch people strive for their dreams all summer long. So when you see me rooting for these people or dancing on the side of the stage, that's what I'd be doing if I was watching this show at home!''' ,'''A lot of people don't know the first time I was ever on national television I was a 'Soul Train' dancer.''' ,'''I want to be there for my children. You want to make sure you're alive more than anything.''' ,'''To me, a forever love is a bond that can't be broken.''' ,'''To be compared to Will Smith is probably one of the coolest things because that's who I came up admiring.''' ,'''If you want to be in the automotive business, you go to Detroit, and you figure it out. If you want to be in entertainment, go to where it's at. Go to Hollywood, go to New York.''' ,'''So my father was a person who never lied to me. If I had a question, he answered it. I knew a lot of things at a young age because I was intrigued.''' ,'''Nobody can predict the future. You just have to give your all to the relationship you're in and do your best to take care of your partner, communicate and give them every last drop of love you have. I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad.''' ,'''Hunger is a deep concern of mine, and I feel that no one should go without food in this world as long as there are caring people to lend a hand. I've had to struggle in my past and I know what it's like to go without, so I try to do as much as I can to help bring awareness to an issue that hits very close to home for me.''' ,]
+++