+++
author = "Redman"
title = "Redman Quotes"
quotes_len = "70"
description = "the best 70 Redman Quotes"
keywords = "redman,redman quotes,redman quote,redman sayings,redman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's no difference between rocking in front of a crowd or rocking in front of a camera.''' ,'''Now when I first heard EPMD's first joint 'You Gots to Chill' and later 'So Whatcha Sayin'?' I said, 'I can do this!'''' ,'''I've always wanted to work with Jamiroquai.''' ,'''When you work for a company you always, well I know, I try to give advice to young kids and other peers that when you work for a company you just don't want to be an employee, you want to be an asset.''' ,'''I'm not trying to top the 'Muddy Waters' album. What I'm doing by naming it 'Muddy Waters 2' is to let you relive that '90s kind of sound and experience.''' ,'''You can't turn back the hands of technology.''' ,'''I will not be doing any more sitcoms, unless it's my own or a movie or I'm directing.''' ,'''I love video editing.''' ,'''I want to be behind the scenes, and learn more. What cameras to use, what lenses to use, what shots I want to get. And it takes time, so being on movies and sets, I just learn.''' ,'''We can't just depend on this rap game.''' ,'''I definitely want to help the youth, people who can't afford medicine.''' ,'''If major radio will have me, cool.''' ,'''Being from the same umbrella as Jay-Z, I'm not political, but I'm sure whatever he's going to do with the NFL, he's going to branch out and open more doors for other players and for us to get a better understanding of the NFL.''' ,'''I swear, I have not played 'Dare Iz A Darkside' damn near since I did it. Seriously!''' ,'''Success happened real quick, so I was just all over the place and damn near lost my mind on the second album.''' ,'''I am the 11th member of Wu.''' ,'''Music is the outlet to bigger and better business; that's what I'm excited about.''' ,'''I don't want to help brand someone else and not have equity or ownership in that company.''' ,'''Our career wasn't built on putting out hot singles.''' ,'''I was always creative with the artwork. Always creative with the visuals. That's what made me standout.''' ,'''I'm just tryin' to do get-on-the-road music so I can go on tour.''' ,'''Not every entertainer's living lavish.''' ,'''Well if you from New Jersey, you always knew that going to Jersey Shore was way different from where you lived at. I live in Newark, and that is 150 percent opposite of Jersey Shore.''' ,'''I always try and think about what the 'hood would say when I do things.''' ,'''The whole 'Muddy Waters' title is not about things look or how deep it can get or it can be. It's just the slouchiness of the album.''' ,'''If a hip-hop artist can get on stage and entertain an arena full of 30,000 people and keep their attention for 45 minutes, imagine that on a big screen.''' ,'''I just use every experience I go through as a learning experience so I can better myself and get in position on what I want to do.''' ,'''You know, if an actor or, say, a basketball player writes a rhyme, it doesn't mean he's a rapper. You got to put in time. I don't say I'm an actor.''' ,'''I want to help AIDS patients.''' ,'''The rock-band crowd is so different from any other crowd. Because when they are there to see they band, they there to see they band.''' ,'''I wouldn't know what to do with a big house.''' ,'''I'm my own label.''' ,'''Every album I just try to step it up. I don't try to overdo myself, overpower myself.''' ,'''Every artist can actually say that, that the overseas community appreciates the culture of hip-hop more, really, rather than over here. So it's fun to perform there.''' ,'''Those who preach in rap, don't make no money.''' ,'''I can promise my fans what you see from me is what you get! No additives, no preservatives.''' ,'''I love video games. Me and Meth are video game addicts.''' ,'''I liked the 'Other Guys' movie.''' ,'''I am a Wu-Tang member and Method Man, he been a Def Squad member way before I was a Wu member. I was like a Wu member but I wasn't official.''' ,'''I'm going to stick to college radio, like I been started off, like I started off with in the day.''' ,'''I don't need a lot and I don't expect a lot.''' ,'''I'm not really trying to get in the acting field that hard. I'm trying to really be behind the scenes and direct and produce.''' ,'''The 'Red and Meth' show was good, but it wasn't good to me. I just looked at it as an experience and a check.''' ,'''My superheroes are Meth, Keith Murray, Busta Rhymes, ODB, Xzibit. The superheroes before us were EPMD, Slick Rick, Rakim.''' ,'''I'm a simple man with very simple tastes and low standards.''' ,'''When you leave New York and go to other places, you appreciate it more when you get back.''' ,'''The difference between Reggie Noble and Redman is that this 'Reggie Noble' album is more conceptual. It got concepts on it, it got auto-tune on it, it got a pop record on it. I had fun on it.''' ,'''I'm always ready to venture into new music.''' ,'''Negativity lives in rap. That's what it's built on. That's where the money circulates and generates from - negativity.''' ,'''My father took me to buy fireworks, and now I'm doing it for my kids.''' ,'''The first 'Blackout!' just started out with us doing the first song, 'How High' - I guess it was 'How High' - and then it just took off from there.''' ,'''We need to support the people who are making real hip-hop.''' ,'''Maybe the level of people you attract is what you supposed to attract. Maybe the few people I attract are the ones who know what the real is... There's that connection. That's what I put into my music.''' ,'''I never looked out for MTV... I just looked for the approval of the streets... The streets will always let you know.''' ,'''I highly respect Eminem. I rank him up there with Jay Z, Biggie and Nas.''' ,'''Our career was based on energy and putting out a hot album.''' ,'''I'm an artist, not a rapper... so my musical genres and library is way beyond the normal rapper.''' ,'''People should just recognize entertainment for entertainment.''' ,'''We know Uncle George directly, so he gives us music to sample, all we gotta do is tell him directly and we can use it.''' ,'''Don't be somebody you're not; don't do things that's not you.''' ,'''I was always self-sufficient even when I was with Def Jam.''' ,'''I like staying in the hood.''' ,'''I like Kendrick as an artist. He's witty and he's smart when he's spitting in his lyrics. And he's crafty.''' ,'''J. Cole is hot. He's different.''' ,'''When I appeared in EPMD's 'Hardcore' song and video that was just crazy. Def Jam had these little virals back then on VHS tape. Q-Tip was another very important person to my career. He had me in A Tribe Called Quest's 'Scenario' video when I was first coming out.''' ,'''I want to help people with pain and stomach disorders.''' ,'''I was always doing an independent kind of move while I was still with a label. They just stamped it.''' ,'''I'm not lookin' to go platinum or triple platinum.''' ,'''My whole thing is I want to be able to help people.''' ,'''I tried moving to the more white area, but I found that every night I was getting harassed by police.''' ,]
+++