+++
author = "Nick Kyrgios"
title = "Nick Kyrgios Quotes"
quotes_len = "49"
description = "the best 49 Nick Kyrgios Quotes"
keywords = "nick kyrgios,nick kyrgios quotes,nick kyrgios quote,nick kyrgios sayings,nick kyrgios saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think more of my tennis is more to do with the mental side of things rather than technique or, you know, tactics or anything like that.''' ,'''It's good when you're out there on a tennis court. There's nowhere to hide. It's all you, tactically, physically, mentally.''' ,'''I think when things get tough, I'm just a little bit soft.''' ,'''I've got a great team around me that's doing a lot, just keeping me level-headed and clear.''' ,'''I don't have a doubt that if I wanted to win Grand Slams, I would commit. I'd train two times a day. I'd go to the gym every day. I'd stretch. I'd do rehab. I'd eat right.''' ,'''Most guys aren't getting a racquet or putting balls back in off my serve most of the time.''' ,'''I feel like the off-season, for me, is not about getting on court and trying to improve or get better. I want to completely step away from the game and, like, really just enjoy my time at home.''' ,'''There is a constant tug-of-war between the competitor within me wanting to win, win, win and the human in me wanting to live a normal life with my family away from the public glare.''' ,'''I was all for basketball, and I made the decision to play tennis.''' ,'''It's obviously a good feeling when you hit a good shot and the crowd likes it.''' ,'''I like shoes that, no matter where I am, if I see a basketball or tennis court, I can tie them up and play.''' ,'''I love to go out and have fun, but I'm not all about partying, so that's a perfect place for me to get away from tennis with my friends. I think Canberra is the best place in the world.''' ,'''I get so angry. I just go through so many different patches in a game. It's so hard for me to find that balance. It's a tug-of-war all the time.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I'm satisfied with my career.''' ,'''Just being away from home was the toughest bit. Battling injuries, going to tournaments, and not even playing was tough, but they're not really big problems.''' ,'''It's important to find a balance between Pokemon and training.''' ,'''I'm not dedicated to the game at all.''' ,'''I am very family-orientated.''' ,'''I've got bad and good things, but I'm never going to change.''' ,'''I feel like I'm one of the best players in the world tactically.''' ,'''It's just the story of my career, really. I will have good weeks; I'll have bad weeks. It's just a roller-coaster.''' ,'''For me, it's an easy way to make money. I'm just hitting a ball over a net. Of course, I've grown up with it. It's a part of me. It's all I really know how to do.''' ,'''I like the uniqueness and creativity you can have on a basketball court; there's always a different way to score. Obviously, you have teammates, so it's easier to draw up plays, and tennis, you have your patterns and where you should hit based on percentage.''' ,'''I'm on League Pass watching the NBA, I love seeing what the players are wearing to the games; it gives you a hint as to what they're about off the court and their personality.''' ,'''Jordan 1s are my favourite sneaker, and I also love the Jordan Eclipse.''' ,'''The person I am on the court is not who I am off the court.''' ,'''I was away from home for five and a half months. I don't ever want to do that again.''' ,'''I play enough tennis during the year; I'm sick of it by the time I get home. So the last thing I want to do is go out there and hit more balls.''' ,'''I love just being in Canberra and being with my family, being with my friends.''' ,'''Tennis is a small window. You're not going to have unlimited chances, unlimited opportunities. You can't waste time.''' ,'''I was playing basketball at Lifetime Fitness every day for two hours. Like, I played an hour of basketball before I played David Ferrer in the semi-final.''' ,'''I just serve big and play big. That's my game style.''' ,'''Hiring a trainer has been a massive help for me.''' ,'''Getting booed off, definitely not the best feeling.''' ,'''I think Canadians support their athletes a little better than the Australians do.''' ,'''I've always wanted to play Davis Cup. I love Davis Cup.''' ,'''Some players out there don't really interact with the crowd - they're really serious - but I think it's part of my personality as well. I go out there, and I like to entertain. I like to put on a bit of a show.''' ,'''I don't really like the sport of tennis that much.''' ,'''I just have to go out there and play the right style of game and believe I can win.''' ,'''Obviously, I'm going to go out there and want to win. Don't get me wrong. But I'm not going to not have fun or not enjoy myself at the same time.''' ,'''It's better to be the underdog than have all the pressure, for sure.''' ,'''I have 'Focus' on my phone, and I watch it every time I have a flight. Best movie ever... it's because of Margot Robbie, by the way.''' ,'''The thing about tennis life is that it's the same thing every day. You train. You come back to the hotel. You get treatment. You eat. You sleep. You get up.''' ,'''If I was to win the U.S. Open or something, I won't play again for the rest of the year.''' ,'''I don't have a coach. I haven't had a coach for, like, years.''' ,'''I think if I have a lot of positive energy out there, I'll be fine.''' ,'''I like going out on the practice court and training with my mates. But I don't know about fully engaging and giving everything to it. It's just a game. It's just a sport. It's such a small part of my life.''' ,'''I've been entertaining since I was kid.''' ,'''I think at times I get treated a bit unfairly, but then so do other athletes in Australia, and I feel like things can change.''' ,]
+++