+++
author = "Dave Myers"
title = "Dave Myers Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Dave Myers Quotes"
keywords = "dave myers,dave myers quotes,dave myers quote,dave myers sayings,dave myers saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a terrible worrier. I've worried since I was a little boy.''' ,'''We had already decided to film in the U.K. before Covid was an issue and stopped foreign travel, so we filmed here through choice not circumstance.''' ,'''I'm quite happy with something foodie or cookbooks - I love cookbooks.''' ,'''I was something of a surprise to my parents. My mum, Margaret, was 42 when she had me and had been told she couldn't have children. So when she went to the doctors, they thought she had an ovarian cyst. And it was me!''' ,'''People can say some extraordinary things when they're hiding behind a keyboard.''' ,'''I'm partial to American pancakes - they're thick and as big as a dinner plate.''' ,'''In Scotland there's just some of the best produce. I mean Argyll and Bute has a longer coastline than France.''' ,'''I think people have at least two careers in them, so we decided to turn our hobbies of motorbikes, cooking and chatting into a living.''' ,'''I live in France a lot of the time, in the Loire Valley.''' ,'''My dad, Jim, was 55 when I was born.''' ,'''Strictly' is helping me keep the weight off.''' ,'''Strictly' is a journey. I haven't danced before but I'm putting the practice hours in, whether it shows or not.''' ,'''It's great to be able to buy normal-sized jeans and watching the pounds fall off, but I do miss drink and I do miss cheese!''' ,'''I used to love scrambled eggs when I was a little boy.''' ,'''It's funny how much of the 'old times' are still rooted in modern America.''' ,'''My work is my passion so it's impossible to imagine doing all the things I love if I couldn't see - riding my bike, reading an autocue or preparing dishes.''' ,'''Christmas food is a big part of our life.''' ,'''On Route 66, a lot of it, it's very transient. There's an awful lot of really, really bad food, you can't ignore that.''' ,'''We're always asked the same three questions. If we're on our own we get, 'Where's your mate, then?' If we're in a car it's, 'Where's your bike, then?' And if you're having a meal, we get, 'You're not cooking, then?'''' ,'''I used to go fishing on Roa Island as a boy and it seemed a good idea to move there.''' ,'''I have had with conversations with Mark Benton and Ben Cohen - three fellas sitting with a pint discussing the cha-cha-cha and the correct leg position for a foxtrot.''' ,'''I was convinced I had a giant brain tumour. I thought, 'I don't believe this. It's like a bad episode of Brookside.' That's when I knew I didn't want to die. When the chips were down I thought, 'It's not my time yet.' I really wanted to live and be happy.''' ,'''We wanted to do our own programme. It's cooking, chatting to people and writing books. Like brothers, we never run out of anything to say.''' ,'''People only ever cook nine meals in rotation, so we put a survey out to see what people wanted to eat. People said they loved a Bakewell tart and a trifle, so we've put them together, and now a recipe for Bakewell trifle exists.''' ,'''I still want a curry on a Friday night and maybe a steak and kidney pudding at the weekend but not all the time.''' ,'''I always lose weight by cutting all the carbs out.''' ,'''Lionel Blair came bouncing up once and said, 'I love you two.'''' ,'''I started work as a makeup artist at the BBC, which was a vibrant, exciting and caring place.''' ,'''In Rome you've got to try spaghetti cacio e pepe. It's just with pecorino and black pepper - it's sort of like homeopathic macaroni cheese.''' ,'''I live in Container City at Trinity Buoy Wharf when I'm in London.''' ,'''We're not parochial people.''' ,'''Of the pair of us, I'm the one who'll go out and have dinner, and Si's the one who'll go out dancing.''' ,'''We were filming in America and I noticed we were casting shadows like Walnut Whips! The sensible thing to do was go on a diet, so we started rewriting recipes and we're better cooks because of it.''' ,'''I find that quite amusing - I used to get Deborah Kerr her sausage rolls.''' ,'''A haggis maker in Dumfries called Stuart Houston was one of my favourite ports of call - we made some lovely haggis tempura.''' ,'''Route 66 is a bucket-list trip for us and it truly is an American dream to take in the sights and scenery of this part of the world - all whilst enjoying some delicious local delicacies along the way.''' ,'''At this market in Tel Aviv, we put together a mezze platter and we had Syrian, Iraqi, Bulgarian, Venezuelan, Iranian, all doing something very different with chicken. All these different cultures had taken the same product and made this fantastic cuisine, it was very exciting.''' ,'''With a lot of the old school veggie recipes, and in the Seventies and Eighties, you'd go to a veggie restaurant and you got this sense of worthiness. You were presented with a plate of brown, and three forkfuls in, you might feel self-righteous, but you were bored with it.''' ,'''I said to my wife, did you ever dream that one day you'd be married to a man who's got his face on a bag of crisps?''' ,'''Something like going onto 'Strictly Come Dancing' took me about two nanoseconds to decide to do whereas Si emphatically wouldn't do it. He hates group activities. He's quite a complicated person.''' ,'''I just calorie count and knock the booze on the head and then watch the scales to see the weight come off. Now I've been very healthy.''' ,'''As a chef my sense of taste and smell are extremely important. But of all the senses, sight is the one I'd fear losing most.''' ,'''We were starting to get old before our time. I'm 10 years older than Kingy, but we'd both begun to shuffle, the knees were sore.''' ,'''Elevate the humble sausage casserole to a new level by adding some Worcestershire sauce, some Muscovado sugar, mixed herbs and some red wine.''' ,'''Si's a red wine fanatic; I'm a white wine fanatic. Which is good, because it means you get a bottle to yourself!''' ,'''At one point I'm doing belly-dancing, big mirror-ball in me belly button with couple of tassels and me head on fire and I thought, 'I could lose two stone.'''' ,'''Making a big pan of soup and keeping it in the fridge is a good idea... and it's a whole lot tastier than packet and tinned soups.''' ,'''We had wonderful wood-fired chicken in Dallas. We asked if they had a vegetarian option and the guy just said, 'We have chicken.'''' ,'''I had a bright yellow jumper that my mother knitted me and I used to call it my scrambled egg jumper.''' ,'''When I first saw my wife in Romania I said to Kingy, 'I fancy her' and he said, 'Nah, mate, she's really scary.'''' ,'''With an old broom handle, flour, water and egg you can make the most amazing pasta.''' ,'''Barrow, where I live, is a traditional town that still has some heavy industry, but the jobs are more sedentary than in our fathers' day.''' ,'''Si and I are so similar but we're so different.''' ,'''We didn't want to become professional Northerners.''' ,'''When we're away filming, Si's the one who's more likely to find a club and go dancing.''' ,'''People have asked Si if he would ever do 'Strictly,' I don't think he would, it's just not his thing really.''' ,'''When I find myself worrying, I have to give myself a severe talking to.''' ,'''I like turkey with all the trimmings, bread sauce, cranberry sauce.''' ,'''When you're on the road a lot like we are, it's hard to eat sensibly and all too easy to stoke up on fatty foods.''' ,'''The nicest thing people can say about us, is, 'I turn the telly on for half an hour and go off with me mates, having a laugh.'''' ,'''I'd love to motorcycle right across Russia.''' ,'''I love Keith Floyd - I think he inspired people to cook.''' ,'''I think lots of men have an ostrich-like mentality regarding their health and general appearance. There is always tomorrow.''' ,'''I'm very excited about Gloria Hunniford because she's somebody who's had 70 years in showbusiness. So having her coming in, and being able to cook for someone we have great respect for, I am looking forward to very much.''' ,'''I was quite successful as a make-up artist for 23 years, doing a lot of prosthetics.''' ,'''Keto diet, you are putting your body into ketosis which is never a good thing. It's a massive stress on your kidneys and liver which is why on that diet you have to drink a lot of water.''' ,'''I've just turned 60 and, looking back, I realise all the time I spent worrying I achieved nothing.''' ,'''I like Paul Smith suits and he told me he didn't do suits for fat blokes, so it was my aim to get into one of those.''' ,'''It was quite weird when we met, because we were both the ones who cooked in our own groups. When I was married, I did the cooking at home, same as Si did. It was like a parallel universe. We were both born hungry, weren't we?''' ,'''I don't know what superfoods are, really.''' ,'''My dad used to eat raw tripe soaked in malt vinegar when I was a kid.''' ,'''We like to play a game. You go into a diner and see if you can order breakfast without having to reply to a question. It's impossible. There's a huge amount of choice in how you'd like your eggs, your coffee, even how toasted you'd like your toast to be!''' ,'''It makes sense to eat more veggies ecologically, and health-wise.''' ,'''We invented the Black Forest trifle. It's got all the flavours of the Black Forest Gateau but in a trifle, using chocolate custard. You've got your kirsch, your cherries, the chocolate custard, the sponge and the cream.''' ,'''I was in a motorway services and I broke and had a cheese sandwich. It felt fabulous.''' ,'''My main home is in Morecambe Bay on a little island called Roa, where there are 13 houses, a lifeboat station, a boat club and a cafe.''' ,'''It was mid-life crisis time and you can't have more of a mid-life crisis than going off on a motorbike.''' ,'''I always knew I could be a bit on the greedy side; I love cooking and eating and there in front of me was the evidence which I would have been daft to ignore. I could see visually where the fat was lying, basically all around my internal organs.''' ,'''Wherever you've got a migrant culture, the food evolves and in New Orleans it's that French and Spanish influence. So you get gumbo, which came out of French bouillabaisse, jambalaya - a version of paella - and the boudin sausage, which is like the French boudin.''' ,'''We have an older following with 'Hairy Bikers,' but 'Strictly' crosses all generations.''' ,'''The Mojave Desert was plus 50. Now, I've cooked duck eggs at 50 degrees celsius. You can imagine what it's like on a bike.''' ,'''I can remember tasting cheese and onion crisps when they first came on the market - they were the most amazing thing ever.''' ,'''The food and the people in Thailand never let you down and Bangkok is an astonishing place - the culture's lovely and gentle.''' ,'''We've done some stand-alone cookbooks that have been very successful, like 'Great Curries,' 'Perfect Pies,' 'Meat Feasts,' so why not 'Chicken & Egg?'''' ,'''I love sushi!''' ,'''Romanians love country dancing. At Christmas, you go house to house, and they play guitar and drum and a violin and everybody's on their feet - well, it's better than watching telly.''' ,'''Stockholm's a wonderful city if you love food - it's spectacular.''' ,'''We do things like a curry in a pressure cooker in 12 minutes. When you're on a diet you're hungry so you have a tendency to pick. So hopefully, if you can cook a meal quickly, you won't reach for the crisps.''' ,'''A man's judgment of whether he is putting on weight is his belt.''' ,'''If you've got a daft idea, it's probably good to have a go.''' ,'''Instead of a sandwich, you're much better off enjoying a delicious and filling supper of around 400 calories - and that will see you right through until bedtime.''' ,'''I was at art school for five years.''' ,'''I've spent 35 years sitting on a motorbike in the rain. It's not had too good an effect on my bones.''' ,'''It's about having a balanced diet; I think if we swayed the balance towards veggie, we'd all be better off.''' ,'''We looked back on what we used to eat and thought, 'That's not cool.' We had to move with the times and that meant we had to shed weight and not get sick.''' ,'''It's the maddest thing, watching old shows, like getting your family album out and flicking through.''' ,'''I think sometimes producers forget that people like interesting things. It doesn't always have to be 'Big Brother' or toil and torment.''' ,'''Going through the redwood forests was the most spectacular motorcycling.''' ,'''By the time I graduated, I'd lost both parents and 23 was a young age to deal with a double loss like that. I felt rootless.''' ,'''I had some prejudices and preconceptions about American culture and trash culture, but the artisan food there is not all hot dog stands.''' ,]
+++