+++
author = "Sacha Dhawan"
title = "Sacha Dhawan Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Sacha Dhawan Quotes"
keywords = "sacha dhawan,sacha dhawan quotes,sacha dhawan quote,sacha dhawan sayings,sacha dhawan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Being of Indian heritage is a challenge - and it's a blessing as well sometimes - because being good isn't good enough. You have to be exceptional to play different characters.''' ,'''I loved 'Shantaram' by Gregory David Roberts, which is going to be made into a film. It's an amazing story about an Australian guy who escapes from prison and his first port of call is Mumbai.''' ,'''In my job, the not working is real and the actual work is just fantasy.''' ,'''I'm interested in the dark horse. It's too scary being the face of something, unless it's really right. A lot of young actors want to get a lead role, get into Hollywood. I do everything slow and steady.''' ,'''I'm used to playing characters that are so different to me and I love that; it's my safety blanket and I hide behind the character.''' ,'''I enjoy working away from home as it gives me the space to really commit to the character.''' ,'''Oh my God, I'd love to meet the other Masters in 'Doctor Who'. They're such fantastic actors I'd be slightly in awe of them.''' ,'''The only way you can make change is by moving someone, making them laugh, making them cry. But art has to be at the forefront of change.''' ,'''People are catching on to diversity and colour-blind casting. For me, it meant turning down certain work and making a stand.''' ,'''That's one of the things I really respect and admire about 'Doctor Who', is that they're always thinking out of the box with the characters they write and the actor they employ to portray them. They're always challenging the stereotypes and peoples' way of thinking.''' ,'''It's shocking when you start to grow up and realise that your parents had a life before you! But why would you? Sometimes you don't really have a need to.''' ,'''I took for granted that we have free healthcare. But I have realised what the NHS does, and the people within it who keep it moving, the number of hours they are doing.''' ,'''I love doing projects that flip my last project on its head. And I love the challenge of taking on different characters.''' ,'''I think I have become wise enough, because I started at a young age and know there are ups and downs in this business - I've realised it's not real.''' ,'''I'd worked with Sam Barnett before in 'The History Boys' and he's a dear friend of mine.''' ,'''The generation who will watch 'Not Safe For Work', my generation, don't care who plays a part.''' ,'''I don't speak Punjabi. My dad runs a beauty salon and is an Elvis fan.''' ,'''There are certain roles - say, terrorist roles - that if I don't feel like it's something truthful, I'm not going to do it.''' ,'''Doctor Who' has always been a landmark show, but I feel it's becoming an even more landmark show due the stories that are being written, and the actors being cast to represent them.''' ,'''I'm really into reading books right now about India. You reach a certain age where you start missing your home history.''' ,'''Like with me, I just see my mum and dad as parents - I don't see my dad individually as a man, my mum individually as a woman.''' ,'''I'd worked with Matt Strevens on 'Adventure in Space and Time' and he's a great friend of mine.''' ,'''Because 'The Boy With The Topknot' is a true story there are so many specific details that are true, current, accurate and haven't been made up.''' ,'''I love Channel 4 and Clerkenwell Films, they aren't afraid to take risks.''' ,]
+++