+++
author = "Shannon Miller"
title = "Shannon Miller Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Shannon Miller Quotes"
keywords = "shannon miller,shannon miller quotes,shannon miller quote,shannon miller sayings,shannon miller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's amazing to me that they're cutting physical education programs in the school systems.''' ,'''I'm used to short distances and short bursts of energy; it was just fastest.''' ,'''I got into law school to supplement my business background. I'm not planning to practice law.''' ,'''I think it's really important to look at the big picture instead of just one competition.''' ,'''Charles Barkley, I used to watch him growing up. Then I met him. He was a big teddy bear.''' ,'''I love performing in front of an audience and seeing smiles on the kids' faces.''' ,'''There's not a whole lot of events out there on television, especially in the years between Olympic Games.''' ,'''At the Olympics, you there to do a job. I feel you should take it seriously. You should be respectful. You are putting on the red-white-and-blue and going out there to perform for your country.''' ,'''I want to bring more gymnastics on television.''' ,'''In gymnastics, you have to be perfect every step along the way.''' ,'''My undergraduate degree is in business, so I'm trying to get a bit of a background before I go in.''' ,'''Gymnastics uses every single part of your body, every little tiny muscle that you never even knew.''' ,'''I'm an athlete rep, so I'll be available if they need me for anything.''' ,'''I'm coming up on 30. There are other things that I want to pursue outside of just performing.''' ,'''I will be talking with gymnasts from some of the other countries. I will be getting a feel for what they're thinking and what they're doing. It should be a really great meet.''' ,'''I thought about running a marathon a long time ago, but I'm just not a runner.''' ,'''At an Olympics Game, you want to enjoy it, especially if you know it's going to be your last one.''' ,'''Floor exercise, the longest you run is two or three steps. In the vault, it's not a whole lot more than that.''' ,'''When you grow up on camera and in the public eye, you feel you have to put forth this image. I just took that to the extreme and there was a lot of pressure on me.''' ,'''When I go in to compete, whether it's gymnastics or anything else, I do my own thing. I compete with myself.''' ,'''In gymnastics, the longest routine you do is a minute and a half, and that's pretty tough to get through.''' ,'''I'm a competitor. I really enjoyed the race more than just going out and running to run.''' ,'''The rate of childhood obesity is just ridiculous. Anytime I can get involved with teaching them how to get physical exercise, I want to help in any way possible.''' ,'''Everyone has obstacles, and you're not going to have the right answer or do the right thing every single time.''' ,'''I was always athletic and I could do a lot of things.''' ,'''I'm not fascinated by one particular case, but by knowledge that I had no idea was out there.''' ,'''Gymnastics is the type of sport where you can't take something that gives you more energy. Something may be great for the vault, but then you have the bars after it and you have to be more sedate for that.''' ,'''There's never going to be a system that is fair to everyone.''' ,'''I can now successfully drive a stick. That's a huge accomplishment.''' ,'''We typically don't choose our athletes until about a month prior to the Games because anything can happen.''' ,'''For the most part I'll probably do floor exercise and balance beam. Those are the two things that I do.''' ,'''It's been really good to have a goal and go after it. That feels good.''' ,'''Other people may not have had high expectations for me... but I had high expectations for myself.''' ,'''I don't think I have the mileage on me to really complain of any injuries yet.''' ,]
+++