+++
author = "Gordon Lightfoot"
title = "Gordon Lightfoot Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Gordon Lightfoot Quotes"
keywords = "gordon lightfoot,gordon lightfoot quotes,gordon lightfoot quote,gordon lightfoot sayings,gordon lightfoot saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Nobody had any idea that 'If You Could Read My Mind' would become a hit single.''' ,'''A lot of people influenced me as I was learning, but probably Bing Crosby was the most influential because I would hear his Christmas albums, which my parents played a lot.''' ,'''I have to play everything just perfectly. I can't take less of myself. I'm strong. I'm prepared.''' ,'''I've just been a very lucky person. I'm 76 years of age, you know. I've been very lucky.''' ,'''You hear about people who write 15 to 20 novels. How do they do it? You just gotta do it.''' ,'''Everybody's got so much of their own to deal with. They have no one to turn to.''' ,'''Every time you wanted to do something, you'd hope it would score. You'd keep trying and trying, and all of the sudden, something would come right out of left field, like 'The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald.' No one had any idea about that one.''' ,'''I did a lot of canoe tripping earlier on. I was on 10 trips, and I would get the feel of the forest and the wilderness, you know, that I always knew was in my soul to begin with.''' ,'''You just get the vibes of your surroundings and it rubs off on you.''' ,'''All that remains is the faces and the names of the wives and the sons and the daughters.''' ,'''I was happy to be in England because my mother had always loved the royals, and so do I. My mother had every memento you could find on the Queen.''' ,'''I know that we're being inexorably taken over by the Americans. Without a doubt. I don't mean invaded or anything like that, just taken over. By degrees.''' ,'''Both the Beatles and The Rolling Stones broke on the music scene the summer I was in England. I can vividly remember hearing 'She Loves You' in August 1963.''' ,'''I wrote one called 'The No Hotel.' I got inspired in 1989 while I was on a trip down to Brazil, and I didn't finish it until eight years later.''' ,'''I never believed - or knew for sure - if I would be able to make a professional life in music. But it turned out that way.''' ,'''I started writing songs in high school, so you had to write this stuff out and register it with the Library of Congress. You had to learn how to do that stuff.''' ,'''I started writing songs in high school. And eventually, I got some songs recorded by some major artists, mostly because I was out there performing, and I was working in coffee houses and lounges, and people came to see me and hear my material.''' ,''''If You Could Read My Mind' is a different experience every time I sing it. It's just that kind of a song.''' ,'''I don't think they should regulate the music field. I don't see how they can regulate the arts.''' ,'''I'm not really a bird person or an Audubon guy who studies them, but as I was around them, they interested me.''' ,'''I was a drummer in the bugle band in cadets. I marched. It's probably quite funny to look back on it.''' ,'''I have just a really strong love for people when I perform. I really do.''' ,'''Turning back the pages of my sweet shattered dream, I wonder if she'll ever do the same; And the thing that I call living is just being satisfied With knowing I've got no one left to blame.''' ,'''I just do the cream-of-the-crop songs in my show. We just bowl them over; they love us. It just keeps getting better.''' ,'''I try to keep it light and positive most of the time, whereas earlier on I didn't always do that.''' ,]
+++