+++
author = "Jeff Bewkes"
title = "Jeff Bewkes Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Jeff Bewkes Quotes"
keywords = "jeff bewkes,jeff bewkes quotes,jeff bewkes quote,jeff bewkes sayings,jeff bewkes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The TV Everywhere structure is good for all cable, satellite, and telephone distributors. It's good for all networks. It's good for studios that sell to networks, so it's basically good for everybody on the business side.''' ,'''I'm very committed to and interested in CNN's journalism and our magazines and our movie studio, not just HBO, where I grew up. But I do have a fondness for subscription television.''' ,'''Television is taking over the Internet.''' ,'''When I came out of Stanford, I looked at my brilliant classmates, who were going into Wall Street high finance, Silicon Valley, advanced engineering, and I said to myself, 'Jeff, go into an industry where nobody can add.'''' ,'''AOL invented social networking.''' ,'''I think Apple is a great device company.''' ,'''One of the ways I think you make more money is by creating more efficiency.''' ,'''Tablets generally have made it pretty obvious that magazines have a new lease on life.''' ,'''A program can be considered a success even if it is low-rated.''' ,'''The usual reason companies are funded or valued on the stock market for not having a current profit is because the investors believe there will be a future profit.''' ,'''Cultivating diversity in all its forms - of our content, products, and people - is one of our most important business imperatives.''' ,'''The obligation of every ethical management is to make sure we optimize the long-term value of the company.''' ,'''We don't think U.S. consumers want less choice.''' ,'''The reason people talk about cable cutting is they imagine the price burden will get so high that people won't be able to pay it. They're missing something: that the actual price of the electronic package is going down. They've got their Internet, phone, TV, all of it. Now people are using more and more stuff for less.''' ,'''People try to read a lot into what 'digital' means. It's just another platform. There are very attractive things that happen if you invest in content - movies, TV production, acquired series, specialty genres, digital distribution of our magazines, sports rights.''' ,'''HBO is the original subscription video-on-demand company. We were repurposing first-run movies, and then we added original programming.''' ,'''You buy a movie, you should get it anywhere you want it. You pay for a network, you should have that anywhere you want. Same thing with a magazine.''' ,'''The investor world that looks at studios as part of media companies will say that the studio business is supposed to be erratic. Not at our company. Not at Time Warner.''' ,'''I can say our strategy has always been and will continue to be getting our content in front of as many consumers around the globe as we can... AT&T has been an advocate of the tenets of no blocking, no discrimination, no paid prioritization.''' ,'''We have the First Amendment to rely on whenever an elected official tries to impinge on our rights to speak.''' ,]
+++