+++
author = "Tony Gonzalez"
title = "Tony Gonzalez Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Tony Gonzalez Quotes"
keywords = "tony gonzalez,tony gonzalez quotes,tony gonzalez quote,tony gonzalez sayings,tony gonzalez saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you can actually go out and touch somebody's life and have an impact on them and help them for their future, there's nothing else like it.''' ,'''Chiefs fans know how I feel about them and so do the Atlanta Falcons fans.''' ,'''The game is exploding for Latinos... They've embraced the game.''' ,'''I accept the cards that were dealt to me.''' ,'''My mom and stepdad had such open hearts, they taught me to like bringing people into my home. I'm not guarded about it.''' ,'''My grandfather spoke fluent Spanish and I have family members who speak fluent Spanish.''' ,'''Coach Vermeil was the greatest.''' ,'''I have a recurring role on 'NCIS' and that's been a lot of fun.''' ,'''There aren't many football players other than kickers who are Latin.''' ,'''It's great because growing up, especially being a Raiders fan and then playing with Marcus, I was like, 'Holy smokes, that's Marcus Allen' when I first walked in and saw him.''' ,'''You should really cast a big net when it comes to life and learning. In the end, you're so much better for it.''' ,'''Of course I want to win a Super Bowl, but at the same time I'm very happy with what I've accomplished and the relationships I've made over the years.''' ,'''We were a single-parent household for a while. It was just my mom, me, and my brother. We were on welfare for about a year and a half. But I remember my mom never complained, and we never wanted for anything. She always made ends meet and she's been the rock for the family. She instilled in me work ethic and toughness.''' ,'''You learn a lot more about yourself and the opportunity for growth is so much greater when you lose.''' ,'''I love Kansas City.''' ,'''I've day-dreamed about raising that Lombardi Trophy. I can see it in my mind.''' ,'''You don't want to see me dance. That's not a pretty thing. Trust me.''' ,'''Being considered a dirtbag is not illegal.''' ,'''There were guys from different parts of the country, and absolutely I heard, 'Why are you playing football?' You just didn't see a Gonzalez out there or any kind of Latin name.''' ,'''I've been very blessed. I don't want anyone to feel sorry for me.''' ,'''I don't want to be one of those players towards the end - nothing against those guys who've done it like that in the past - but I want to make sure that I'm at the top of my game when I do go out.''' ,'''It's about getting hot, playing good football come playoff time.''' ,'''The Super Bowl obviously wasn't in my cards, and I'm OK with that.''' ,'''You take it one game at a time because it's the most important game of the season.''' ,'''If I can't win a Super Bowl, so what? What would it do for me?''' ,'''When you find yourself in those situations where you have to take action in a crucial situation, you just do it.''' ,'''I love Oprah, she's my hero in terms of a lot of things - what's not to love about Oprah? When I look at Oprah, I see all heart. She's wide open.''' ,'''The Pro Bowl is an honor, and I don't know why so many people skip it. I skipped it one time because I played the week before, but I always wanted to be out there.''' ,'''I've been able to play for some of the best fans in the NFL.''' ,'''I love Atlanta, even the city.''' ,'''The first thing I do after I wake up is a morning meditation. It's just as I awake and before I open my eyes. It's where I'm feeding my gratitude and the love in my heart and opening my heart. A good morning meditation is key. It lasts about 10 to 15 minutes. Then I get out of bed.''' ,'''The hardest things in my life have made me who I am.''' ,'''It's all about how you treat your body. It's proper rest and proper nutrition.''' ,'''I don't eat a lot of fast food and I stay stay away from fried foods. I don't eat much meat either.''' ,'''When I came into the league trying to party and having too much of a good time, I found out the hard way how it affected my performance.''' ,'''I try to be me. I don't have anything to hide.''' ,'''I've seen guys retire and then say they don't feel their career was complete without a Super Bowl. They play that woulda-coulda game in their heads. Not me.''' ,'''Whether it's in the weight room or extra stretching, you never know when you're going to need that little extra oomph.''' ,'''I remember in my second year in the league, I dropped 17 balls and led the NFL in dropped passes. That made me the player I am. If I didn't go through that transformative power of crisis, none of this would've probably happened for me.''' ,'''When I was younger, let's face it, Latinos in the league were almost always kickers. But Anthony Munoz was definitely a guy I looked up to.''' ,'''Here's what I always tell people: It's a mentality that you have to have in the NFL. It isn't about if you have the athleticism. When they bring you in, you've already shown what you can do athletically.''' ,'''I've been on some really good teams, but we weren't able to get over the hump. It's offense, defense and special teams, and then the ball has to go your way.''' ,'''I'm so proud to have been a part of the Chiefs for 12 seasons and will always feel like a part of their family.''' ,'''I don't get hurt because I'm so slow.''' ,'''I'm a big podcast guy, I have my own podcast called 'Wide Open.'''' ,'''What's more important than your nutrition? What's more important than workin' out? It begins with gettin' a good night's sleep.''' ,'''What made me so different is they would use me all over the place instead of the traditional tight end where you're taking off right next to the left tackle or right tackle. They would split me out wide and put everybody on the other side and throw me jump balls, they'd throw slants.''' ,'''I can't dwell on the past. It's over, there's nothing I can do about it.''' ,'''I read all these books about excellence, and then I went into spirituality, and all these books were really about leveling up. Being the best version of yourself.''' ,'''It's a little weird thinking I'm going to be an Atlanta Falcon - just saying that.''' ,'''I'm always very honest.''' ,'''When I first started playing in a youth football league, I was the worst kid on the team. I quit the first year. And then the next year, I was still the worst kid - I didn't even play.''' ,'''I think consistency, that's one thing that I look back over my career. You could count on me catching around 80 balls a year or whatever, almost eight, nine touchdowns. And I only missed two games out of 17 years, I'm pretty proud of that, too.''' ,'''I love a sleep mask, havin' total darkness is essential for good sleep, you know, cuttin' that light out of your eyes.''' ,'''As far as the regrets go, that's just not part of my makeup.''' ,'''I don't care what you read, as long as you're reading something 'cause when you read somethin', you're learning somethin'.''' ,'''I usually wake up around 7:30 A.M. without an alarm clock. I wake up naturally because I'm huge on sleep. I believe it's the No. 1 thing you can do if you're trying to create a better life.''' ,'''Everything happens for a reason, and hopefully it makes me a better person in the process.''' ,'''Would I have been a great basketball player? No. But I think I would've been a good basketball player, one of those grinders getting eight to 10 rebounds. I would've been like Kobe and been in the gym five to seven hours a day and never missed a 10-foot jump shot. I would've been a great role player for a team.''' ,'''I miss the fears. I miss that. I miss going over the middle and not knowing if I'm going to make that play. I think that's the part of the game you miss the most, that excitement of it. Then you think of the physical part as a retired player and I'm like, 'hell no.'''' ,'''While I was playing, I started a company that didn't work out. I got a taste of the business world and realized I'm not going to be a 9-to-5 guy in the office after football is over. When the opportunity came for television. I thought, 'Let's go for it,' even though it was nerve-racking. I enjoyed it.''' ,'''I didn't start my whole rookie year.''' ,'''When I go down to Mexico now, it's not quite like I'm in Kansas City, but maybe it's like when I'm in Atlanta the way I get recognized. That gives me a lot of pride.''' ,'''Salaries should be set based on production and contributions, not positions.''' ,'''It ain't how you start out, it's how you finish.''' ,'''I want to go to the Super Bowl and win the Super Bowl.''' ,'''I'm so interested in people's journeys and what makes them tick, the movers and shakers.''' ,'''I like seeing people achieve great things.''' ,'''I love philosophy and spirituality and leveling-up books and science books.''' ,'''Don't tell me that the rules prohibit you from hitting a guy up top. You have a whole target area above his knee up to his neck that you can hit.''' ,'''For me, I'm really tired of living and dying with the game. Every game. I've tried to turn it off. I'm still trying. I can't. It sucks. Believe me, it sucks.''' ,'''Game after game, year after year, you never stop thinking about the balls you get your hands on and don't catch.''' ,'''I believe in a higher power. Some people out there don't.''' ,'''We want to help schools that don't have money.''' ,'''Dealing with bullies when I was in sixth and seventh grade has made me a better football player, believe it or not. You have to come to a point when you're like, 'I've had enough, and I'm not going to be kicked around and pushed around anymore.'''' ,'''I've always wanted a ring. That's been my main goal as a player over the last 15 years of my career. You're really trying to get that ultimate goal.''' ,'''The only regrets I have are things I didn't do.''' ,'''When you go through those hard times, that's when you ask those questions that normally you wouldn't. If you win, you don't ask questions. You don't worry about it.''' ,'''Our goal isn't to go undefeated. Like, 'Hey, we're going to have an undefeated season.' Our goal is to win every game we're playing. And there's a difference.''' ,'''There are injuries nobody's even around the guy, and the guy's getting hurt.''' ,'''You can't expect to be better than everybody else if you're doing the same thing as everybody else.''' ,'''When I got to the NFL, they asked me what number I wanted, and I said No. 44, but they told me tight ends are not allowed to have that number. So I said, 'Just double it up for me if you can' and took No. 88. I figured I'd be twice as good as I was.''' ,'''Records are made to be broken. I got to break them, and now it's up to somebody else.''' ,'''I like to just talk and whatever comes out, comes out.''' ,'''Like a race car you can't put in regular gas. That's what food is: your fuel.''' ,'''There's a lot of growing you can have when you're in adversity, when you're in a losing situation.''' ,'''My mother was an administrator at a nursing home, and my first job was working at a nursing home as an activities assistant. She wanted me to do it because it forces you out of your shell, and it's about giving back. That's something that I learned from my mother at a very young age.''' ,'''It didn't seem fair that no matter how many passes I caught or how many touchdowns I scored, I was considered a 'lowly tight end' and would never be paid anywhere close to a salary as high as the elite wide receivers.''' ,'''There's nothing else like playing at Arrowhead Stadium.''' ,'''I could have played in the NBA. I would have put up 1,000 jump shots a day. I've got that type of work ethic.''' ,'''I think when you give, that's probably the highest form of living. It's better than almost any feeling you could think of. It's way better than scoring touchdowns to me.''' ,'''I have soaked this league up for everything it's worth. I've had fun. Made some great relationships. I don't regret anything. Don't regret being in Kansas City. It's all been very good to me. So why would I take that approach? There will be no pity party thrown here.''' ,'''When I first came into the league, we went 13-3 with a first-round bye, and I said, 'OK, this is how the NFL goes. This is cake. I'll have a Super Bowl trip every couple of years.' That's what I thought.''' ,'''Kansas City is dear to me and I am honored to be inducted into their Hall of Fame.''' ,'''We're not all like Tom Brady, who just keeps winning Super Bowls.''' ,'''There are so many other way more popular athletes than me.''' ,'''I always wanted to play in the Super Bowl. That never happened. It hurts. I'm not going to lie about it. It's reality. You deal with it.''' ,'''I grew up in Kansas City. I got here when I just turned 21.''' ,'''You have to learn from your mistakes.''' ,'''My career, it's turned out to be something more than I ever thought and more than I ever dreamed. It's been an unbelievable ride. It's amazing.''' ,]
+++