+++
author = "Ozuna"
title = "Ozuna Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Ozuna Quotes"
keywords = "ozuna,ozuna quotes,ozuna quote,ozuna sayings,ozuna saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Things aren't gifted to you. Things don't just come from an idea, from nothing. You have to work for them. You have to pursue them. You have to take time. You have to sacrifice.''' ,'''You should never lose the formula that worked for you from the beginning, no matter how big you get.''' ,'''I have a daughter, I have a wife, and I would never sing something offensive to others - or, specifically, to offend any women.''' ,'''I feel bad singing music that my children won't like. But I like listening to that music myself! It's a problem.''' ,'''I take a part of my monthly earnings, and I donate it to my foundation. And this is to distribute hot meals, distribute gifts to children. We help by giving clothing and shoes to people that don't have the resources.''' ,'''It's easy to work with someone who shares your same work ethic, who likes to create like you do.''' ,'''I'm a guy that roots for the home team. Daddy Yankee and Luis Fonsi, those are my guys. As far as I'm concerned, they won. They broke into every market with 'Despacito.'''' ,'''Today, you have platforms that teach you everything from opening your own YouTube channel to using Shazam.''' ,'''I've done a lot of collabs, but most of the time, it's me on someone else's track.''' ,'''Maria did teach us a lot. It taught us to value what we have: our friends, our neighbors, and those who helped us. I know my people in PR are active. It took us by surprise, but we are warriors, and we are ready for any adversity.''' ,'''I started rapping at the age of 12. That's when I wrote my first song, but I was more intrigued on learning how the recording process works: how do you create music and what materials I needed. So I educated myself musically so that I could focus on creating my own.''' ,'''Whether my lyrics are about love or something else, I always make sure I'm connecting with my fans, and to see their support is definitely a motivation.''' ,'''I don't believe in politics. I only believe in my people. And my people - the ones that follow me - are Latinos. I would go with them till the end of the world.''' ,'''I sing what society lives in general.''' ,'''My manager told me that Cardi B wanted to meet me, and I said, 'You can't be believing everyone who calls you.' But at the end, I met her, and she actually told me that she wanted to collaborate with me eventually.''' ,'''Since my body isn't big, I don't need much sleep. I'm fine with four hours.''' ,'''You either make history or you don't.''' ,'''I never imagined my career would take off this fast.''' ,'''You can't sign just any contract.''' ,'''I don't drink.''' ,'''Tory Lanez and I have a great relationship.''' ,'''That, to me, is the real crossover: a mainstream artist singing in Spanish.''' ,'''I'm a proud Cuban-Mexican immigrant.''' ,'''Cardi B really is like having a sister in the industry. She's a real person, extremely humble. She's amazing.''' ,'''I always knew that I'd be big.''' ,''''Aura' is a song where you're looking at yourself in the mirror, and I was personally impacted when I recorded it. I identified with it.''' ,'''If God has given me this many large blessings in such little time, why not help the people that need it?''' ,'''It's in my blood to work in music.''' ,'''New York, for me, is university.''' ,'''I put on YouTube one single and, in 20 hours, have five million, six million people.''' ,'''I think my music has connected with the audience because I always have a clear vision about my songs.''' ,'''There's a lot of people that are in need. We're going little by little... I'm only one person, but we are contributing.''' ,''''Aura' is what one reflects in the heart, what you bring into the world, and what people want to learn from you.''' ,'''I want everyone to identify with my tracks and for all of us to be part of it in some way or another.''' ,'''I listen to Migos. I listen to Drake a lot. Also 21 Savage, Kodak Black, XXXTentacion.''' ,]
+++