+++
author = "Aroldis Chapman"
title = "Aroldis Chapman Quotes"
quotes_len = "47"
description = "the best 47 Aroldis Chapman Quotes"
keywords = "aroldis chapman,aroldis chapman quotes,aroldis chapman quote,aroldis chapman sayings,aroldis chapman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I didn't do anything. People are thinking that it's something serious; I have not put my hands on anyone, didn't put anyone in danger. Since I didn't do anything like that, I'm not thinking about it. If I didn't do anything, why should I think about it?''' ,'''People talked a lot about this upcoming talent on the Yankees and it was something that you kind of saw coming. These kids were so hungry and I believe that's why they became so successful. They worked very hard and they were so hungry, and I think that leads to wins.''' ,'''I'm working to be a better person.''' ,'''Sometimes people talk too much. We have to be careful about that.''' ,'''I don't know who I can trust and who is using me for who I am.''' ,'''The way I feel as baseball players we are warriors. Our job is to be ready to do what we need to do on the field.''' ,'''I wanted to be in the big leagues, not stuck in the minor leagues.''' ,'''My children are everything to me. And the three of them are driving me crazy.''' ,'''My job is to be ready, to be ready to pitch, however that is, however many innings that is, I need to be ready for that. I need to go in and do my job.''' ,'''I don't want it to be so complicated - promoters, a business plan, none of that.''' ,'''We are not from this country, and people want to harm us. It's easier to hurt someone who is not from here than someone who is. People think we don't know what the laws are, and they try to hurt you. Many people want money. We have to take care of ourselves.''' ,'''If I'm healthy, I'm going to go out there and pitch. If I'm tired, I'm going to put that aside and just get through it.''' ,'''Out of all the contracts that were out there, the better one for me was from the Reds. Not talking about money - putting that aside. It was a lot of development opportunities.''' ,'''I've done therapy over the years and it has helped me to be a better person and it pushes me to be a better person every day.''' ,'''I knew that if they didn't allow me to play anymore, I would leave Cuba immediately. I mean, what was I supposed to do? Baseball is the only thing I know.''' ,'''Many of us Latin players arrive here in this country and we don't know much about how the legal system works here, and we can be easy targets for people to deceive us, defraud us, those kind of things. I feel we can be easy targets of being taken advantage of.''' ,'''The Cubs have never expressed any interest in re-signing me, as far as I know.''' ,'''My arm is strong I'm working hard every day physically to be in shape come training.''' ,'''You just want to make sure that you're healthy and your arm is good and that you feel ready for the job.''' ,'''My mom, my dad, my children, my sisters, they are everything to me.''' ,'''There is my life in Cuba and my life in America, the old life and the new life, and almost nothing about them is the same.''' ,'''I don't go to the gym on a daily basis because it makes my muscles tight when I get in the game.''' ,'''I believe that if you deserve something, you don't ask for it.''' ,'''There are rumors out there that I requested $100 million, and that's not true at all.''' ,'''Nobody's perfect. We make mistakes, but the important thing is we learn from them and move forward.''' ,'''My best pitch is my fastball. It's probably the most difficult pitch to hit. In my case, batters have very little reaction time.''' ,'''I want to be the best pitcher in the world.''' ,'''I am preparing myself as every offseason, getting myself ready to close. Starting hasn't even crossed my mind and I'm not going to do it either.''' ,'''Atticus is my little, crazy boy. I do not get to see him much because he lives in Cincinnati. But when I have any chance, I spend time with him. It must be true that blood is thicker than water because he even sleeps with a ball.''' ,'''I don't think that you have to put any pressure on yourself.''' ,'''My priority was coming back to the Yankees.''' ,'''What I have in mind is closing games and that's it.''' ,'''Now, I'm thinking about more important things: my family, kids, my career.''' ,'''Chicago started doing the same thing, bringing on young players in the beginning combined with veterans, and it worked for them. The Yankees are similar in that way.''' ,'''I prepare myself to be strong, so that my arm is healthy.''' ,'''Unfortunately, that is the way it is. We make a lot of money, everyone wants a piece of it, and we end up looking bad.''' ,'''I can maybe depend on my fastball a little more than some other pitchers.''' ,'''When you are not in agreement with someone, we Latin people are loud when we argue.''' ,'''The Marlins were close to signing me, but in the end my wish was to come back to the Yankees.''' ,'''I get bored of watching baseball on TV. It's repetitive to me.''' ,'''I've never hurt anybody, never in my life. That's not my character or who I am.''' ,'''If a team wants me to go to the minors to get ready and prepare, that's what I'm going to do and I will show that I should be pitching in the major leagues.''' ,'''I don't like the cold. But as along as you warm up properly and you build up a nice sweat and keep your body warm, your arm warm and loose, you should be fine.''' ,'''You take the experience, and now it's a matter of preparing yourself mentally and physically so that in the future if you find yourself in situations like that, you're able to succeed.''' ,'''I've even argued with my mother.''' ,'''I definitely wanted to take advantage of that, actually wanted to cut some pounds during quarantine and being at home and training at home.''' ,'''I want to concentrate on baseball, which is the best thing I know how to do.''' ,]
+++