+++
author = "Lana Condor"
title = "Lana Condor Quotes"
quotes_len = "78"
description = "the best 78 Lana Condor Quotes"
keywords = "lana condor,lana condor quotes,lana condor quote,lana condor sayings,lana condor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Zac Efron! What a man.''' ,'''I like to do yoga because it centers me and makes me realize truly what's important.''' ,'''When you do action stuff and sci-fi stuff, you have a lot to hide behind - the hair and the makeup and the special effects. But when you play a normal girl, it's challenging because you have to trust yourself.''' ,'''I have this big, old, oversize Levi's denim jacket, and I honestly think it might be for a dude. And on the back, it says, 'Catch feelings, not waves,' which I love because I'm very emotional.''' ,'''Dancing is so brutally taxing on your body.''' ,'''I love food shows.''' ,'''Education is the most powerful tool for everything but certainly to create opportunities for yourself, and I know that not everyone has the privilege of an education like here in America.''' ,'''I wash my face with Boscia's charcoal cleanser because I think it cleanses really well. And then I spray my face with witch hazel.''' ,'''I'm a vegetarian, so I have a huge fear of blood.''' ,'''I do a lot of journaling.''' ,'''Being an actor is hard. It's so true... auditioning is literally our full-time job, and then, if we are so lucky to book the project were auditioning for, then that project is our play.''' ,'''No one writes each other letters anymore, but I think there's something so special about receiving a really heartfelt letter, still.''' ,'''Hollywood screwed up in the past. They made Asians the other - a separate group that could only hang out with each other.''' ,'''When I have a lot of emotion going on, I'll write. I write letters to my family, my boyfriend, anyone I'm trying to get my point across to. It's easier for me to express myself.''' ,'''My background is in dance, but as soon as I found acting and realized that I could entertain people, not just with my body but with what comes out of my mouth, I was into that.''' ,'''People in Hollywood defer to what they know, which is a white lead, particularly in romantic comedies.''' ,'''Oh, in high school, I wore a uniform!''' ,'''This is going to sound so cliche, but I believe this through and through: Don't be afraid to be yourself.''' ,'''Iron Man is my most favorite human, character, person in the world.''' ,'''What if the Internet breaks tomorrow? Then you'd realize that you're a human being, and you're not validated by what other people think of you - it's how you think of yourself.''' ,'''People should be able to love who they want to love.''' ,'''I never considered myself as part of a biracial family - we're just a family - but my parents are white, and my brother is Asian.''' ,'''Oh, my God, I love pasta.''' ,'''My parents always wanted me to learn about my culture and tried to make me eat Vietnamese food.''' ,'''One time, I went bodysurfing in St. Bart's with a friend. The waves were so intense, and my body was just getting torn up by them. But it was so freeing... but also I'm never doing that again.''' ,'''I've never been more aware of my Asianness and femaleness than working in Hollywood.''' ,'''I've been very fortunate to have good people in my life, and when you find good people, you gotta hold onto them real tight.''' ,'''The way 'TATB' depicts race, and how it normalizes our differences, is actually one of the things I am most proud of.''' ,'''I like to make people feel more comfortable, and it's great to have this platform and be able to shed light on adoption and how it's a beautiful thing, instead of being tiptoed around.''' ,'''People want to laugh. People want to feel good.''' ,'''I was so in love with this boy in eighth grade. I really thought he was the one for me, and then he broke up with me because he said that I liked him more than he liked me, and I was living in N.Y. at the time, and I was on the subway just, like, truly heartbroken because when you're that age, you don't think you are ever going to recover.''' ,'''I love adult thrillers and murder mysteries and everything like that.''' ,'''I can only do the best I can from what I read from the book, and hopefully it translates on camera.''' ,'''It's so refreshing when I walk in and see a bunch of Asian actresses all competing for the same role because it makes me feel like I have a genuine shot.''' ,'''I always have moments on set where I think, 'Oh my God, this is my life right now.' And it could've been so different.''' ,'''I honestly dress like a man. Like, I wear sweatpants and T-shirts all the time.''' ,'''In my experience, I've loved all races. It's not like I can only be with my people.''' ,'''I think screenwriters, I think editors in the cutting room - they have a lot of responsibility that we don't think about, but they could cut the coverage of an Asian person to focus on a white person because, unknowingly, they think that white person has more to say or is more interesting.''' ,'''It's hard to tell people how you really, truly feel about them, especially if the feeling is love.''' ,'''I have written a lot of love letters to the people that I love in my life. It's sweet to be able to keep that, like a tangible letter, and I want to give that to people.''' ,'''Birkenstocks are highly underrated. They are so comfortable.''' ,'''Love - keep on doing it.''' ,'''I love 'The Devil Wears Prada.'''' ,'''I have a hard time expressing myself when I'm emotional, so my family has done this forever. We write each other letters if we're fighting or whatever. And my dad's a writer, but we write each other letters because we feel that it's easier to get out what you're truly saying if you write it down.''' ,'''MySpace was kind of coming to an end when I got onto social media. So my first experience was with Facebook, and there was, like, a penguin game where you feed your penguins, and you have penguin friends.''' ,'''A lot challenges me! Not psyching myself out, not doubting myself, not comparing myself to others... all of that challenges me. But inevitably, challenges are put into our lives so that we may grow and become the best version of who we are meant to be.''' ,'''Yoga, working out, go to class, group settings where you can't be on your phone, that's a great way to unplug!''' ,'''When I first started auditioning, I was so, dare I say, desperate and hungry for a job that I pretty much went out for anything my agents sent me with a few exceptions.''' ,'''I've had people ask, 'Oh, do you feel like you're spearheading a movement?' And I don't. I feel that it's not just my responsibility to spearhead a whole movement, I feel like it's everyone's responsibility. If we want to see a change, we can't just put it on a couple people.''' ,'''I hoped that I would be a lead in my career; of course that was a hope of mine. But I never thought I would be so lucky to be the lead of a romcom. Simply because I don't get those opportunities, for probably many reasons, but one of would likely be because I'm Asian.''' ,'''With 'To All the Boys,' it's not an Asian rom-com. We tried to tell the coming-of-age story of a 16-year-old girl who just happens to be Asian.''' ,'''I don't think we should be stuck to only loving people based on what they look like.''' ,'''In middle school, I did the whole, like, 'Do you like me? Check this box yes, check this box no,' I did that to so many crushes; I always got in trouble for passing notes in school.''' ,'''I could've gone to prom... or I could've done 'X-Men.'''' ,'''When you're the only woman of color, and you walk into a room of people who don't look like you, most of them with blond hair and blue eyes, it's disheartening. The weirdest part is that I walk in and assume they think I'm auditioning to play a different role than them, but I'm going out for their same role.''' ,'''I love educating myself on different cultures' dishes and foods that are important and celebrated within that culture. I also think food brings people together. It's unifying!''' ,'''I loved working with Janel Parrish and Anna Cathcart.''' ,'''There's a misconception that I can't relate to the quote-unquote 'Asian-American experience' because I didn't grow up with an Asian mom and dad. And that's just not true. I am Asian American, and so playing a girl who is half Korean, half white, but her white dad tried really hard to connect with her mom's heritage - that's very familiar to me.''' ,'''I grew up on 'Spongebob.' If I had known there was an even better cartoon out there like 'X-Men,' you best believe I would have grown up on that.''' ,'''I don't think people think I'm funny, but in my head, I'm like, 'I am!'''' ,'''I think there's a misconception that all Asian-American experiences are the same. My experiences with my family and the way they wanted me to know my culture are not the same as others.''' ,'''If I wasn't acting, I would want to be in the food and restaurant business. I really love to cook and am fascinated by the art of cooking in general.''' ,'''YA, I feel, is so accurate to what it is like be a teenager and the realities of being a teenager and being in love.''' ,'''I have read the 'Divergent' series. I obviously read 'Harry Potter.'''' ,'''I grew up very American but also fully Asian.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I honestly never thought about race. I didn't see differences.''' ,'''Whenever I meet someone new, I always extend a hand and say, 'Hi I'm Lana Condor... Condor like the ugly endangered bird.' I like to see how people react to that and if they laugh and, indeed, know what a condor is... chances are we're going to get along just fine!''' ,'''Life's too short. Don't be afraid to love and then keep loving and keep loving and doing more loving.''' ,'''I think that's very important, that a friend makes you laugh, and you're just giddy around them all the time.''' ,'''High school's weird, man.''' ,'''My parents would dress us up in traditional Vietnamese clothing to go to school for heritage day. We have a Vietnamese nanny that my parents wanted us to have so we could stay in touch and know where we came from.''' ,'''When I am driving to an audition, I listen to the 'Hamilton: The Musical' soundtrack. It's super inspiring, but also, if I kind of sing-slash-rap along to it, it helps me with my pronunciation and dialect.''' ,'''I was born in Vietnam, and I was adopted by an Irish lady and a Hungarian man, and then I moved to America.''' ,'''I truly believe the reason why there is a demand for rom-coms is because humans, whether its conscious or subconscious, have a need to feel happy and to see love.''' ,'''Of course I had hundreds of crushes on boys!''' ,'''I quite enjoyed doing 'To All the Boys I've Loved Before' because I felt like I got the actual co-ed experience. Because I went to an all-girls school, and that was fun - I love just putting on a uniform and living my life - but I also like to flirt with guys. I didn't get to do that in high school.''' ,'''Casting directors will often say that they are open to any ethnicity, but they're not.''' ,'''I wanted to go to college to be a journalist and follow in my dad's work. And then I became an actor.''' ,]
+++