+++
author = "Teri Hatcher"
title = "Teri Hatcher Quotes"
quotes_len = "42"
description = "the best 42 Teri Hatcher Quotes"
keywords = "teri hatcher,teri hatcher quotes,teri hatcher quote,teri hatcher sayings,teri hatcher saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''With this book, I truly hope to reach everyone that I don't bump into on the street and share my story.''' ,'''What's good about talking about being victimized is that it is the beginning of being able to stop it.''' ,'''This was meaningful that at almost 41 years old, I could be getting my first beauty campaign.''' ,'''Let me just say that every cover of every magazine I've done has been airbrushed to death. No woman should walk around thinking that's what they should be. You shouldn't be beating yourself up.''' ,'''I don't want to be alone my whole life. It is much more fun to share what you have than to have it to yourself. And it isn't like I don't have love in my life. I have a lot of friends who love me and who I love.''' ,'''I'm 40 and I just got my first beauty campaign with Clairol Nice and Easy.''' ,'''I do believe that men can be emasculated by successful women. I don't think I'm emasculating. But I have seen the dynamic with men who either don't make money or make less money. It's just not good for them.''' ,'''Parents do the best they can. But my parents are better grandparents than they were parents.''' ,'''I think I'm a kind of a person who works hard at whatever I do, literally from being a waitress to being on television. I always try to give 110 percent to whatever it is I'm doing.''' ,'''My parents are really well intended, and I think their way of dealing with things is denial and guilt. Nobody wanted to talk about it. But all I did was blame myself.''' ,'''I am all about health... and to me, size is not what defines your health.''' ,'''I have been really fortunate to have some great experiences in my life, and I look forward to more, and I would really like to have someone special to share those with.''' ,'''I'd like to change my butt. It hangs a little too long. God forbid what it will look like when I'm older. It will probably be dragging along on the ground behind me.''' ,'''In all my career, in my ups and downs, I've never had a beauty campaign. This was meaningful that at almost 41 years old, I could be getting my first beauty campaign. It made me feel really great.''' ,'''It is truly a privilege to be able to support all women's causes on a global level. It is remarkable that something as simple as television can empower us to create change and awareness in the world.''' ,'''My advice, Be healthy, reach your own goals and don't be afraid to impersonate a SNL star.''' ,'''Beauty is a combination of qualities. I don't think one can deny that certain people or things feel aesthetically pleasing. But without an equally pleasing being behind that form, there is no beauty there.''' ,'''As a child, I spent a lot of time alone. I used to sit in my closet with one cracker. I'd pretend that I was on the North Pole freezing to death, and I had to somehow survive on this one tiny cracker.''' ,'''I didn't care at all about losing, but I just didn't want Emerson to feel bad, You know, I didn't win, but Felicity won, and when you come to the set next time, you can give her a big congratulations.''' ,'''I'm the breadwinner. I kill the spiders. Actually I don't kill them. I put them in a plastic bag and take them outside. I take out the trash cans. I change the light bulbs. I lug the 50 lbs. suitcases down the stairs.''' ,'''I'm a firm believer in putting your money where your mouth is.''' ,'''I have always really liked creating family entertainment, and Disney does that really well.''' ,'''I'm a woman who carries around all these layers of fear and vulnerability.''' ,'''I love clothes that, when you put them on, you feel like you. I don't care whether anyone else likes them.''' ,'''Just because 'Planes' is an animated movie doesn't mean I don't take my work seriously. You can always push yourself to be better.''' ,'''I feel like I'm a stay-at-home mom, which I was for the five years before this. She's absolutely been my focus. That's the choice I made. Desperate Housewives is perfect for me. I get to go back to work and still be able to take my daughter to school and pick her up.''' ,'''I put a limited time on the blues. I say, 'I allowed myself to be blue for four hours, and now I'm going to stop.'''' ,'''I have said a lot that it's very important to me to make time for my child and make her the priority. I made sacrifices so that I'm around and not traveling for that.''' ,'''When it was availed to me that I had free time, I chose to go to cooking school every day, six hours a day, like a diploma program. I wanted to learn something new.''' ,'''I actually thought 'Desperate Housewives' finished very well. I just think there's still stories to be told. I feel like I get that from fans that they weren't done watching those people's lives.''' ,'''My father would not pay for me to study anything but engineering or math in college.''' ,'''I know what it's like to have a young child at the weekend and feel like there is nothing to see in the movie theatre. Family is so important.''' ,'''I think we women need to be kinder to ourselves. That we are just the way we are is enough.''' ,'''I am blessed to be able to work at a job I love and also give back in the most vital way - to people in need.''' ,'''I went to a restaurant and sat at the bar and ate by myself. I have my iPad, which is my favorite instrument of all time. I talked to a few people next to me. I'm just trying to be out. It's a little bit scary.''' ,'''Since my parents both worked, they hired me when I was 11 to make dinner every night. I got a quarter a day. But I was always making things like duck a l'orange and baked Alaska. I was a little bit nutty.''' ,'''At my lowest I was making nothing, of course.''' ,'''When you look in the mirror, your 'appearance,' that outer you, is what you see first.''' ,'''I feel like I'm too old to just have sex. I mean, I want to have sex, but with somebody who really loves me.''' ,'''My daughter has probably gotten some benefit of being inspired by a woman who is willing to take on things. We travel. We travel to exotic places. I'm the first person to jump in the ocean with a whale. Even if I'm scared, I'll do it anyway, because I never wanted her to see fear, especially when she was younger.''' ,'''Acceptance is different than apathy. It is important to strive to be your best self, your healthiest, most productive, joyful self. But that is going to be a different answer to everyone.''' ,'''Changing what you don't like about yourself can be empowering, and that's not a bad thing. Feeling secure enough to own what is weak and missing from either your body, mind or spirit and to commit to action to change it is a good thing.''' ,]
+++