+++
author = "Rula Ghani"
title = "Rula Ghani Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Rula Ghani Quotes"
keywords = "rula ghani,rula ghani quotes,rula ghani quote,rula ghani sayings,rula ghani saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If you have a harmonious society where people within the family are living in harmony... knowing what their responsibilities and duties are, and knowing how to resolve their issues and their conflicts without violence, then violence against women will be reduced, and women will feel they have a voice.''' ,'''My husband stands on his own two feet; my religion is not a factor. God created and decided for me to be born in a Christian family. It's not every day that a Lebanese marries an Afghan. I think God's hand is also in there.''' ,'''It is my conviction that becoming economically and socially vulnerable puts you at the mercy of people surrounding you. It is as if you no longer exist as a human being and are no longer worthy of respect.''' ,'''The women I see are very brave women, very strong women, women that are facing a lot of challenges and yet are up to the challenges and are making a very big effort. So I don't see why one of them cannot become a president - one day.''' ,'''I feel Afghanistan has a very strong social fabric and sense of family... what I would like to do is encourage everybody in the country to appreciate more the role of women at home and outside.''' ,'''When values disappear, the first people to suffer are women because people start losing their respect for women.''' ,'''People are saying I am against the chador. I am not. On the contrary. I am for traditional family values.''' ,'''You take what's thrown at you, and you make a life out of it.''' ,'''They say Afghanistan is the worst country for a girl to be born. Hogwash!''' ,'''I may not raise my voice a lot, I may not be very flashy, but I like to interact with people.''' ,'''I don't necessarily see myself as an activist, running down the street and knocking at every door.''' ,'''Chadaris, as far as I'm concerned, I think should be a personal choice of the women and the members of her family. I personally would not wear a chadari.''' ,'''The Western media has depicted the Afghan woman as a helpless, weak individual. I have said it before, and I shall repeat it: The Afghan woman is strong. The Afghan woman is resourceful. The Afghan woman is resilient.''' ,'''I don't think my husband's work depends on what I say and what I do. My husband stands on his own two feet.''' ,'''You don't make peace with your friends. You make peace with your enemies.''' ,'''In Afghanistan, we have had a history of very strong women, and we need to reclaim that history and talk about it.''' ,'''All I want is to let women know that I will be there to support and encourage them when they set out to do something.''' ,'''What I've said from the beginning is that I am going to try to help all the vulnerable populations in Afghanistan - and to a certain extent, that's the majority of Afghanistan.''' ,'''If I've achieved a higher respect for women and for their role in society, then I would be very happy. That would really be my greatest wish.''' ,'''There is a saying in Arabic meaning that every situation must be considered based on the realities on the ground. I can talk in some places freely, but not in others.''' ,]
+++