+++
author = "Chrissy Teigen"
title = "Chrissy Teigen Quotes"
quotes_len = "130"
description = "the best 130 Chrissy Teigen Quotes"
keywords = "chrissy teigen,chrissy teigen quotes,chrissy teigen quote,chrissy teigen sayings,chrissy teigen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm much nicer in person than on Twitter.''' ,'''I can cook really complicated recipes, but it takes a real talent to do the perfect egg.''' ,'''I love dress shopping, and I love talking about the wedding food. That's what makes me happy. If you tell me to do a guest list, I cry. I hate it.''' ,'''So many models have cool boyfriends.''' ,'''I tweet from bed. I love it because it's so quick. And it's funny. But it also leaves a lot of room for error because new people don't sense the sarcasm - there's no sarcasm font.''' ,'''For me, being involved in fashion is fun. But I like to be relatable and to wear things that other people can wear, too.''' ,'''Oh, I sat by Grumpy Cat once. You know that cat everyone is obsessed with? That's pretty random. She's not allowed to be touched. Are you kidding? You can't put a cat next to me and expect me not to touch it.''' ,'''It's kind of crazy what I can do and what I can't do. It's simple things like rice and quinoa or salads, honestly, that I'm not great at. But I can make an osso buco that takes six hours.''' ,'''Anything I get to wear to the Met Ball is huge. I'm not a fashion girl, so it's cool to be dolled up and have those diamonds where they send armed guards with you.''' ,'''Men are very tough, very critical of me. I think they expect you to basically just be a picture. They don't want to hear you speak.''' ,'''I don't like karaoke. But maybe that's why I'm so perfect for 'Lip Sync Battle,' because I get to still hear the song I love and watch the performances that I love without having to hear someone sing.''' ,'''I am a nutritionist's nightmare.''' ,'''I lick the cheese off Doritos and put them back in the bag. I will eat pretty much anything as long as it's salty. Or sweet. Or spicy.''' ,'''I always thought the name of my first book would be 'The Insecure Chef,' because when I started cooking, I was so nervous.''' ,'''Food is really important to me.''' ,'''I know when I was little, having my Thai mom, even I was weird about fish sauce and fish heads and clams. I kind of sided with my dad because he was a big American guy. So, we were very meat and potatoes, but I really wish I had grown up appreciating my mom's taste a bit more.''' ,'''A supermodel is kind of that first-name recognition, but I'm not quite ready for that super part yet, and I'm afraid that by the time I am, I'm going to be too old anyway.''' ,'''I really like getting the person who is terrified of cooking into the kitchen and showing them that cooking can be both indulgent and fun.''' ,'''I feel like part of me will die when John Goodman dies.''' ,'''One year, we tried to deep-fry a turkey. It must have been really humid outside, because the temperature of the oil got thrown off. It ended up being slow-cooked in oil - black on the outside and raw on the inside.''' ,'''I get nervous cooking for our little house party barbecues. I'm very insecure with my cooking. I tend to throw things away that I'm scared of serving, even though they might be great.''' ,'''I would love four children because I have a very small family, so I want those big Thanksgiving dinners.''' ,'''The kitchen is a place I know well. It's my favorite room wherever I am living, and it has to be completely open and social.''' ,'''I am huge on bold, strong flavors, and I think every aspect of a dish should be thoughtful, whether it's the chicken on top of a Cobb salad or the topping on a savory casserole.''' ,'''I love being at home and creating in the kitchen.''' ,'''My spray-tan woman is amazing. She comes to my house at 10 o'clock the night before a shoot. The results are so brown, flawless, and natural. It's just weird because my natural skin color is very white, almost whitish yellow.''' ,'''I want more girls' nights, more dinner parties, more date nights, more nights on the couch with zucchini fries watching bad reality television.''' ,'''When we do 'Sports Illustrated,' it starts the night before. You do a St. Tropez tan that night, then baby oil gel, then body color.''' ,'''I'm weird about fruity desserts like lemony, acidic, zesty... I don't like lemon things and orange things, really.''' ,'''I always get to eat what I want because if I don't, I go insane.''' ,'''My beauty tricks revolve around eyes. For the early morning shoots, I pop eye pads in the freezer the night before, and when I take them out in the morning they are already cold and active and are great under my eyes. I keep my eye pads right next to my red velvet Ben & Jerry's in the freezer.''' ,'''My mom is Asian and loves all of the throwaway parts of the animal, so she actually thanks me for saving her the neck and other parts.''' ,'''Some people, I think, think that because I don't take it as seriously as a lot of the girls do, that I frown upon modeling or think it's stupid. I don't at all. This is my life. I would be nothing without this. But I really don't take it seriously.''' ,'''I can't swim, and I actually hate sand.''' ,'''Even on television, I am full of fake hair and covered in body makeup head-to-toe.''' ,'''If I have a big shoot coming up, I do low-carb, no red meat, and earlier dinners. And I just tell myself that sure, maybe I cannot eat all the things I'd love to today. But there are many more days in the week, and that perfect bite will come when I'm done with whatever shoot.''' ,'''That's one thing I get neurotic about: I need my soup to be crazy hot.''' ,'''There was once this viral photo of the Pope doing his Pope-mobile parade, and everyone had their phones up. But there was this one old woman looking over the fence so beautifully at him. She was totally in the moment. For me, then, I think there shouldn't be any phones at a Pope-mobile situation - or at a Beyonce concert.''' ,'''We eat the same breakfast every day. We are like robots. I always do two eggs over easy with turkey bacon - we enjoy the taste of it more than pork - and avocado. I carve it all up into a bowl so it's like a slop, and I load it with salt and pepper and Cholula.''' ,'''I think, like, Twitter is somewhat difficult sometimes, and it can be kind of negative.''' ,'''I've noticed that maybe my skin isn't as soft as it used to be when I was a younger. It's just not there anymore. I travel so much, and my skin gets so dry.''' ,'''No election is ever just about one issue, but I care a lot about women's rights and making sure parents have what they need to raise healthy kids. I always have cared, but having just had a child, I know how serious it is to be a mother. It's an incredibly huge challenge. You need support. You need resources.''' ,'''I drink a ton of water. And I never go to bed too full.''' ,'''I love green juices - the ones that include lots of actual greens and don't include too much apple. Because those are just meant to be yummy, and we all know things that are too yummy aren't the best for us, unfortunately.''' ,'''I'll come in from a long flight and go straight to the grocery store. I love cooking for my man.''' ,'''There is something very beautiful about being pregnant. I think I enjoy being pregnant more than not being pregnant. I know it could go either way, and the next pregnancy could be the complete opposite.''' ,'''I am paid a good amount of money to not blink for 12 hours. It's fun, but I don't take it very seriously.''' ,'''I don't like trainers, because we distract each other. We talk too much, and I get too friendly. I prefer classes instead. I love Physique 57.''' ,'''I love portobello mushrooms. I often say that if I were vegetarian, I would live off of these. Now, it would never happen, but it's still nice to know that they exist. So meaty, so flavorful.''' ,'''I love meat and vegetables. If I did a diet, I would do Paleo, except they have no cheese, which is very upsetting. I'm going to start my own Chrissy diet that's like Paleo plus cheese. Plus late Saturday night drive-through.''' ,'''My shoots are very much about skin, so I'm an exfoliating and moisturizing nut. I fly so much, so I take my makeup off as soon as I get on the airplane. I look at my watch every half hour and moisturize.''' ,'''Every White House Correspondents' Dinner for the past three years, I have broken my dress and can't even zip it, so we have to leave - that's why I've missed every carpet appearance. One time, we had to go into Virginia to find me a new dress.''' ,'''I love eating sushi and eating raw and clean - no pasta and bread. Low carbs is what works for me.''' ,'''Not only am I having a girl, but I picked the girl from her little embryo.''' ,'''Women, I love. It's amazing to me, because I am a swimsuit model; I'm half-naked. I just love the fact that women love me, and it makes me love them so much back.''' ,'''It's so funny because my mom is Thai and my dad is this big American guy - and our food tastes were so similar growing up. He was meat and potatoes, I was meat and potatoes.''' ,'''Dieting is becoming easier and easier for me because I'm finding out things that I love.''' ,'''I like serving family-style or setting up a buffet. Everyone just goes to town, scoops their own food, and mixes their own drinks. You know how people love to come and watch you in the kitchen now and talk your ear off? If you give them something to do and something to drink, they don't do that as much.''' ,'''I work out every day. I still feel fit and energetic. In a way, I'm healthier now that I'm pregnant.''' ,'''I'm the farthest thing from a foodie or a food snob. Those people terrify me.''' ,'''My big pet peeve with people posting food - and I love it when people post food - but my number one thing is when you're posting at a restaurant, and it's dark, like a date night, food never looks good. Flash looks horrible, no flash looks horrible. It's important to only do food photos during daylight - and it's all about color with Instagram.''' ,'''I'm only four weeks out from birth, so I still have a couple more weeks before I can work out - which is fine with me. I love the feeling of working out, but I've never been a gym rat, ever, so now, it's all about taking in what I can if it's good for the baby, because it all translates to her in a way.''' ,'''Basically I was really modeling for fun, but it wasn't ever something that I wanted to do to begin with.''' ,'''I have to have breakfast, and breakfast has to be eggs!''' ,'''My favorite fall meal has to be a simple roasted chicken. Ina Garten does a fabulous one. There is just something about roasting your own chicken and vegetables that screams 'fall' and 'home' to me.''' ,'''Blogs are evil. Actually, the blogs aren't as evil as blog comments.''' ,'''My mom really let us do our own thing and play with different trends, and my sister was a little older, so she had all the beauty tricks. I would stuff things like rolled-up toilet paper into my hair to get volume, or do the reverse, and I'd lie on my back, and she'd use an actual iron to straighten it.''' ,'''If you're going to choose to do something like the Paleo Diet, then you choose not to enjoy your nights out.''' ,'''I really do love social media. I've always been crazy about - even like, remember AOL chat rooms? I always loved message boards, and I was always interacting on the computer.''' ,'''My day job may be exhausting, but cooking is my peace. My dream is to have a big family with lots of grandkids. And we'll get together every Sunday for a hearty dinner at our house, and we'll all live in flavorful bliss, happily ever after.''' ,'''Kanye is so much fun. He's a wonderful person. What I love about Kim and Kanye is that I think they save their happy moments and their smiles for themselves rather than sharing everything with the public. And listen, when a camera is shoved in your face trying to take a selfie, you do not want to smile.''' ,'''Bachelor parties are for the married guys.''' ,'''Being a swimsuit model that talks so much on Twitter... everyone thinks that I could definitely pull back. You kind of open yourself up to all the criticism. That's definitely a big downside to this whole world. How can you complain about people critiquing your body when you're literally like, 'Look at my body!'''' ,'''If I'm going to eat fast food, I'm going to McDonald's. I don't need to pretend.''' ,'''I tend to treat everyone like equals. That is my downfall, though, because Oprah is Oprah, and Barack is Barack, and you've gotta come in with a certain level of respect and admiration and love while still having that respect. Look at them - these people are, at this point, royalty. I think I get a little too chummy.''' ,'''I've always been kind of uncomfortable just on the beach in a swimsuit. I'm never my most confident in a bikini on the beach, especially when you know people are looking at you, and they expect one thing because of what they see in the magazines, and you might not look that way. It's always been a scary thing for me.''' ,'''If you put pesto in a squeeze bottle or just at the end of a spoon and drizzle it, it looks so much better. It's the little things. Plating is actually easy once you learn the little tips.''' ,'''I always get so excited when I get to go to my friends at corporate offices. I am always, like, looking around. I think that's really exciting to be a part of an actual corporate office.''' ,'''St. Tropez has a face glow that is amazing - you can put it on without makeup, and your skin just glows.''' ,'''Just being a model, you're not supposed to speak ever, really.''' ,'''I go out of my way to try not to be too annoying... my biggest goal in life is to not be annoying about being a bride.''' ,'''I have a little half-Asian butt, and the more I work out, the more I try to get it bigger, it's just going to get flatter and harder.''' ,'''It's funny because I want my teeth to be, like, neon 'Real Housewives' white, but mine have stopped taking to teeth whitening. When I talk to my dentist, I'm like, 'They can be that white,' and he's like, 'Veneers can be that white.'''' ,'''People think I'm consuming all the time, based on my Instagram feed, but I know how to eat and how to pair. I might post the heaviest osso bucco of all time, but I'm not showing the carrots I'm having on the side rather than having a whole other big dish of something.''' ,'''Everyone thinks that I have an Instagram account for my dog, but I did not make that. It's a fan!''' ,'''I did not grow up with a spatula in my hand. I didn't even cook that much in high school. I was busy being a teenager and doing everything that goes along with that.''' ,'''I dyed my own hair this Chocolate Cherry color, and I forget what brand it was, but I remember getting into so much trouble because it stained our bathtub. It was this red-black color, and it was a big mistake.''' ,'''My mother's from Thailand, and they're very strict about girls in bikinis, but I would love to do a shoot in the floating market in Thailand.''' ,'''There's a green room at the Oscars. It's really small, very warm, and it's really fun because you get to see everyone just lounging on couches. It's right before you go out to present, so it's everyone in there. And then they have this crudite section, and cheeses and crackers.''' ,'''I act much younger than I am.''' ,'''I can't sleep without the TV on, so we leave it on during the night, and that's what wakes me up - Joe Scarborough and 'Morning Joe' at 7:30 or 8.''' ,'''I would not like to try any high stress job. Honestly, I wouldn't like something like a PR job. I can't diffuse situations.''' ,'''I know how I like my food. I like it spicy, salty, sticky, crunchy, juicy, oozy - basically any dish you know and love, jacked up to a bordering-on-socially-unacceptable amount of flavor.''' ,'''I'm not an athlete dater, really. I would get too jealous. They're really gone all the time. Different hotel rooms.''' ,'''I feel badly for those girls who have to be so waif thin, doing those catwalks all the time because, luckily, we're going into a different time - that's what they're saying, at least - in we're appreciating a curvier figure. But to be honest, I couldn't be like an hourglass if I tried.''' ,'''I think I'll probably be pregnant all through my 30s. I've always pictured everyone around the table for the holidays and together once a week. It'll be heartbreaking if it doesn't end up happening, but hopefully it will. We've got some embryos on hold.''' ,'''Seaweed sheets are my go-to for my salty chip cravings, especially wasabi flavored ones.''' ,'''If I want mashed potatoes, I make cauliflower mashed potatoes, which taste exactly the same. I basically just take all of my cravings and make them low carb.''' ,'''I love sashimi, mainly tuna sashimi. I will buy six pieces or so a day and just snack on them. Sometimes I wrap them up in my mini seaweed sheets.''' ,'''I am not one to adhere to silly clothing rules. I love mixing metals, wearing a brown bag with black shoes, whatever.''' ,'''When I wake up, I'm like, 'I gotta go to Whole Foods.' I'm constantly reading cookbooks; I bring hardcover cookbooks with me on the plane and tag pages. I just have this crazy food obsession.''' ,'''Models eat. They're crazy about moderation, but they eat.''' ,'''I love taking the salads I get from those crazy organic delivery places and putting them on a plate and then roasting my own lamb to put on top. I balance it well. And listen, if I'm not eating Waffle House and Taco Bell and Jack in the Box, anything will make me lose weight.''' ,'''I have to have breakfast, and breakfast has to be eggs, whether in omelet form, hard-boiled, or over-easy.''' ,'''I regret things all the time. I've never regretted not saying something. I've only regretted saying something.''' ,'''Marriage was never my goal, because I've never been very traditional.''' ,'''Men and Pilates - it's like the hardest thing on the planet to them! They're not used to getting those muscles. Core and butt and stuff - they're so confused.''' ,'''I've always enjoyed things a little more chaotic than most people would prefer. I feel that I run well in chaos.''' ,'''I do hate Trump. I find him to be a vile human being - one that lies so often, so casually, and with such confidence, that fact-checkers actually cannot keep up. It is one thing after another, daily.''' ,'''Garlic oil is one of my favorite things on the planet. You can roast 20 cloves of garlic in oil and use it in everything - you can even slide those soft whole cloves into a dish of hot mashed potatoes.''' ,'''I love my husband's fried chicken, but I took it to the next level by swiping it with Cholula honey butter - I'm a total hot-sauce freak.''' ,'''My tolerance for tears is very little when you're beautiful and crying over nothing.''' ,'''I'm not good at taking pictures. I can't give a good face. I crack up.''' ,'''I've tweeted incessantly about Nintendo and my love for Nintendo for a long time.''' ,'''People are still under the misguided impression that models don't eat. Not sure about the other girls, but I do!''' ,'''Some parents struggle to put food on the table. And plenty of women aren't getting the pay they deserve. While I don't expect the government to solve all these problems, I do want leaders who care about these things and do what they can to help.''' ,'''I remember making my own dog food and feeling very fulfilled by it, then by day four I was over it.''' ,'''I love dress shopping, and I love talking about the wedding food. That's what makes me happy.''' ,'''I'm not an inspirational quote kind of person.''' ,'''I hate the word 'moist.'''' ,'''I always wanted to be a teacher or wanted to do something with food. But modeling, I just never thought I could do it myself, really, ever. I still have trouble calling myself a model. I just never thought I was tall enough or skinny enough.''' ,'''I love that Hillary actually cares enough about the issues to study them and listen to people who are affected by them. She's gotta be one of the most knowledgeable and qualified people to ever run for president. She's been a woman in the public eye for decades now.''' ,'''I think of Kate Moss whenever I think of someone who did the bridesmaid thing right. They were all in different dresses, and I love neutrals. But it's so hard to pull that together. You almost need a stylist for it.''' ,'''I love Thai boat noodles: They are kind of like pho, but with a very hearty broth. I will make the broth and just do no noodles and more bean sprouts. I need to be able to eat what I want to eat, so I just get rid of as many carbs as possible that go into it.''' ,''''Sports Illustrated' does extremely minimal retouching. Other publications, however... phew. They do a lot; I've watched myself be Photoshopped before. It. Is. The. Worst.''' ,'''My biggest goal in life is to not be annoying about being a bride.''' ,'''I remember debating the finer points of flaky pastry with my chicken-pot-pie-obsessed American dad. I remember the divine mix of Thai food, TV dinners, and hearty, homemade goodness that have shaped this palate of mine to this day. I remember all this, but I still Google my husband's birthday. Thank God he's famous.''' ,'''Making food is a wonderful way to spend a Friday night.''' ,'''I'm very neurotic about shaving. I shave first thing in the morning before a shoot, and if I have dinner that night, I have to shave again.''' ,'''I was more active pregnant than I ever was not pregnant. I was doing Body By Simone five days a week. That definitely helped me shed the weight after giving birth. But it's all smoke and mirrors, too. People on Instagram forget that you're showing them what you want them to see. We have filters.''' ,]
+++