+++
author = "Arlene Phillips"
title = "Arlene Phillips Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Arlene Phillips Quotes"
keywords = "arlene phillips,arlene phillips quotes,arlene phillips quote,arlene phillips sayings,arlene phillips saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have always seen myself as a choreographer first and foremost.''' ,'''I wanted to dance for as long as I can remember.''' ,'''I'm short, stocky and have a big bum.''' ,'''I've travelled pretty widely and have never taken a violent dislike to anywhere.''' ,'''When I was 23, I moved to London. It was not an easy thing to do.''' ,'''I was probably around 14 or 15 when I became really conscious of those girls who were going on to the Royal Ballet school, and that I was not Royal Ballet school material, not by a long stretch.''' ,'''You need to push yourself - and others - to be the very best. If not, how will anyone get better?''' ,'''Women should have parity with men. End of story.''' ,'''Dad was a barber and Mum looked after the three of us and helped in school doing lunches. I was the middle child with an older brother, Ian, and younger sister, Karen.''' ,'''Working is my passion and it keeps me alive.''' ,'''Britannia High' is not for three-year-old kids. There are emotional stories in it that are not for little children.''' ,'''I'd been in and out of relationships, never very successfully. Then, when I met Angus, I found someone who also became my best friend in the world. And once you have somebody who you want to be with and share things with, it's fantastic. He's the total opposite of me, but somehow together we are like one whole person.''' ,'''I'm tough. I do what I want to do.''' ,'''I don't know what it would be like to stop work; I can't imagine what I would do.''' ,'''There is absolutely nothing you can't do, see, eat or buy in Las Vegas. It is a magical wonderland where everything is possible - especially in the world of showbiz where everything feels so big, bright and spectacular.''' ,'''I'm a mother - that's who I am totally. But I am also a creator. I manage to fit it all in because I'm very organised. Oh my gosh, I'm so organised, it's unbelievable.''' ,'''My parents were passionate about the ballet. They always played ballet music at home.''' ,'''I've always been a late-developer.''' ,'''I hate holidays because one expects them to be perfect and so often they are not. There's the build-up, the looking forward to it and wanting everything to be right, but so many things can go wrong and then it can be such a disappointment. I find the expectation is usually bigger than the result.''' ,'''Everything I do seems to get so much attention since 'Strictly Come Dancing.'''' ,'''Sometimes I'll feel content dieting - if I could only bottle that feeling!''' ,'''My career has just been fantastic - but most importantly, I have an amazing family.''' ,'''The only place I do avoid is Trafalgar Square on New Year's Eve. I saw in the New Year there once - it was the most terrifying experience of my life.''' ,'''I like dancers who demand of themselves to achieve, not just technically but also as performers.''' ,'''I don't know how my parents ever paid for my dance classes when I was little. We even had to line our shoes with newspaper when there were holes in them because we couldn't afford to get them soled.''' ,'''I don't drink at all. If I'm out I'll have the occasional sip of wine just to be sociable.''' ,'''In the 1960s everybody knew about Christine Keeler and Mandy Rice-Davies. No matter what class people belonged to, they were talking about these two young girls who had become mixed up in the Profumo affair. Extraordinary times.''' ,'''If tacky souvenirs like fridge magnets and slogan T-shirts are your thing, you'll be in your element in Las Vegas.''' ,'''TV is a cruel mistress; you can't afford to fail in any way.''' ,'''I always wanted children, and it was a dream come true when I discovered I was pregnant with Alana when I was 36.''' ,'''The scary thing is how quickly everyone's star fades. Therefore, to be a voice, you need to do television. You need to stay in the public eye for the public to care about you, to be a big enough voice to help where it is needed.''' ,'''I am always competing with my body. I am always thinking my body is going to do things it won't do.''' ,'''We'd grown up without any money. I mean, everything was a struggle; our lives were a struggle, and dancing changed all of that. Nothing mattered; it was the most important thing in my life.''' ,'''I love fashion magazines and style magazines and when I'm travelling on an aeroplane I always have a big bag slung over my shoulder, which is full of magazines.''' ,'''I have always had a full-time job. I have always worked full time.''' ,'''I couldn't have wished for a better life companion. I got extremely lucky when I met Angus.''' ,'''Funny enough, apart from when I was at school, I've always gone out with younger men - I was even married briefly to one prior to Angus.''' ,'''I grew up without any money, but the one thing that we did was sit up in the gods to watch the ballet.''' ,'''I was about three when my dad came home with a beautiful tin filled with chocolates. I hadn't had chocolate before, and I'll always remember it.''' ,'''All I can say is that I am the biggest coward in the world, I'm not courageous!''' ,'''I don't want to wear frumpy clothes just because I'm 70. I want to look good.''' ,'''I have always loved theatre and I will always do it.''' ,'''When I'm offered jobs that I love to do, I think 'well, why not!?'''' ,'''Hot Gossip were revolutionary in some of the dance they did in the 1970s.''' ,'''I feel like a damehood doesn't happen to people from my background.''' ,'''I think I'm a bit like Tigger, always bounding around. Where it comes from I don't really know; probably too much espresso.''' ,'''I Iove a dancer who is willing to take risks with their body and go that extra mile to move the audience.''' ,'''I love swimming, and when I'm choreographing something I'm in the studio dancing all day, every day.''' ,'''When I was teaching I'd go to some schools where no one wanted to dance - when they came into the room it was as though they were being punished. But I'd put on the loudest, the heaviest metal you could imagine and they loved it.''' ,'''I travel light obsessively. I take hardly any clothes or shoes because I think that all I need is a couple of work outfits, rehearsal outfits, a pair of trainers and one glamorous outfit you can re-wear and re-wear.''' ,'''If I have a financial problem, it is caution. I like to have money in the bank. I don't like taking chances.''' ,'''I was passionate about 'Strictly.' I was passionate about it in every way, but the one thing that I always felt I did was give good advice as to how the contestants could improve.''' ,'''I think dancing always took me to a different place. It was hard and it was a struggle, but it took me to the kind of place I wanted to live in. It wasn't real life.''' ,'''My father was very proud of everything I did and he watched my career and my growing fame with great interest, but despite my mother dying so early on in my life, my relationship with my father - who was always a very remote figure - was never easy.''' ,'''I know many people who have open relationships.''' ,'''I would love to see dance available to all those who want to do it. I absolutely feel that the benefits are physical and psychological.''' ,'''My day job has always been in the theatre.''' ,'''If you're in the arts, or anything that requires great discipline, the only way to achieve it is to put in the hours.''' ,'''Britannia High' is not set in a high school where people burst into song and dance for no reason. It's a performing arts school, so there is a legitimate reason for them to sing and dance.''' ,'''It took me a long time to understand that there is no amount of wanting and no amount of desire and no amount of hard work which allows you to become a classical ballerina if you're not physically given the gifts.''' ,'''I think when you're doing a musical, you have to be attuned to the director's vision. You're working with a variety of people, singers and dancers, so you have to create movement and dance that is for all abilities. You have to further the story through the dance.''' ,'''I constantly diet. People laugh when I arrive at rehearsal with my box of sliced beetroot and bag of chicory, but if I indulge in a cupcake binge or a large bowl of pasta, it shows.''' ,'''It doesn't matter how old you are, with determination you can make your life what you want it to be.''' ,'''I was definitely a tyrant - ask any dancer I've worked with. They were surprised if I was ever nice to them. I had a terrible temper.''' ,'''I haven't let people take me down a negative path, because apart from dance I don't have an addictive personality.''' ,'''When day-to-day living became too difficult for him, my father moved to a residential home near me and although he'd never had any sort of dementia test, he gradually became unable either to eat or go to the toilet on his own. Eventually the staff found him too difficult to manage.''' ,'''Mirrors are part of my life and an ever-changing source of delight, displeasure or even disaster, depending on which one I am looking in. I look in a magnifying mirror when I pluck my eyebrows in the morning, full-length mirrors every day in rehearsal, and I often nervously bring out a compact to check my make-up.''' ,'''The best way of building up a habit for dance is to introduce it early.''' ,'''Certainly after 'Strictly' I was in a very vulnerable situation.''' ,'''When you think about how many wars are created through the word religion it's hard to identify with it, or even accept it.''' ,'''That's why I love Las Vegas - it is the ultimate place for excitement.''' ,'''I carry cash around with me all the time as I like buying dancers I'm working with snacks and drinks, but I also use my Amex card and a Coutts Visa card, which I always pay off in full every month. I hate the idea of being in debt.''' ,'''I don't believe in destiny. But what I do think is that if you listen with your ears, and look with your eyes, something that doesn't appear to be an opportunity can lead to one.''' ,'''Life was a struggle financially when I was growing up in Manchester and my father continued the strict upbringing he himself had had, even after our very warm and demonstrative mother died.''' ,'''When people enter any form of competition they need to be able to connect with the audience at home; that's what makes them different.''' ,'''It's hard for anyone to say that they chose to put their parent in a home rather than give up a large part of their own life to care for them, and thinking about the years leading up to my father's death still punishes me.''' ,'''I would never go anywhere without a notebook and pen. I don't even sleep without a notebook and pen by my side.''' ,'''I used to dance all day, every day.''' ,'''I am five foot two and a half, and vary between a size 10 and size 12.''' ,'''I'm passionate about dance - about getting people to move and enjoy themselves. But I know dance has incredible physical benefits too.''' ,'''I've never been money savvy.''' ,'''Dancing should be as much a part of our daily routine as brushing our teeth.''' ,'''I knew from the first time I put my hand on the barre at the age of eight that dancing was all I wanted to do and that it was what I was going to do, and nothing was going to stop me. That has always been the driving force in my life. It is who I am.''' ,'''Not only was I not a good dancer, I was one of the worst. I didn't have the long thin legs, and I didn't have natural turnout. The only thing I had was determination.''' ,'''Saturdays have become like, you know, the Boomtown Rats - 'I Don't Like Mondays.' I don't like Saturdays.''' ,'''I love getting up in the morning and having to be here and there. It drives me - it's where I get my energy.''' ,'''In a musical, I believe that choreographers are under a great deal of pressure. There's not always the freedom to do what you want to do, because if it ends up being too long the dance breaks are the first thing that will go, because you can't make the story shorter.''' ,'''I do look at both of them and think: 'No matter what I have achieved in my career, my daughters are the best thing I have ever created.' No competition at all, really.''' ,'''I always knew I wanted to dance and when I was eight, I started ballet lessons at a church hall. They all wore pink ballet shoes but I wore green, as they were cheap, and I remember everyone staring at me.''' ,'''The Paddy Stone dancers were all upwards of 5ft 6in and stunningly beautiful. I was stocky, tough-looking and 5ft 3in. So I became determined to create my own troupe.''' ,'''When my mother died when I was 15, it felt like the end of my dreams of becoming a dancer - I had a sister and a brother and we had to pull together to look after the house and my father.''' ,'''My family always laugh at me because they all camp and I'm definitely not a camper!''' ,'''For me just having a baby was incredible.''' ,'''I have gone through my life loving dance. No matter what, it's never gone away and I love watching it, taking part in it, creating it. I've never lost the love for it.''' ,'''If you don't have an academic brain, if you are not interested in maths or science, you are treated as a second-class citizen.''' ,'''I'm a very generous tipper for my hairdresser and nail technician, and for staff in restaurants who have given a good service. I will always leave a tip, even for bad service.''' ,'''Women follow me around. On a British Airways flight, at Liverpool station - everywhere.''' ,'''People always used to ask me 'What makes a celebrity?' and I used to say: 'Being asked to comment mostly on things you know nothing about.'''' ,'''I don't have time to watch TV. The only things I watch are 'Miss Marple' and 'Midsommer Murders.' They are the only things that make me stop.''' ,'''When I am in rehearsal, my tracksuits are carefully placed to disguise parts of my body. I'll think, 'My bum looks big today, so a cardigan will hide it.'''' ,]
+++