+++
author = "Brie Bella"
title = "Brie Bella Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Brie Bella Quotes"
keywords = "brie bella,brie bella quotes,brie bella quote,brie bella sayings,brie bella saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We look up to Jessica Alba. I loved that something bothered her, and she created products around it and built an empire around it.''' ,'''As WWE Superstars, we want to have confidence and stand strong in the ring.''' ,'''We love Ronda Rousey - talk about someone who empowers women!''' ,'''We might make money and be in the careers we're in, but we don't need a bunch of stuff. We like showcasing that and letting people know that it's OK to not want things and keep wanting bigger and better.''' ,'''Every day, I make sure I do something active, whether I only have time to do a 20-minute walk or pull up a 15-minute barre video to going in the gym for two hours. But I am one of those people, I truly believe to always change up your workouts, because I can get bored very easy, which will then turn me off from working out.''' ,'''Obviously, my husband's very determined because he got himself back into that ring after being out of it for many years. And I'm the same: I've always been his backbone, and there's nothing that you can stop Bryan and I at. We're unstoppable.''' ,'''I usually have lots of energy, so I couldn't believe how pregnancy put me on my butt.''' ,'''People can't stand the fact that, yes, we were models, but now we can kick anyone's butt in the ring.''' ,'''For any girl who has a dream, they just need to go for it. I think sometimes our fears hold us back, and it's about having no fears and living with no regrets. Whether you fail or you succeed, just make sure you have no regrets.''' ,'''At around 20 years old, I started to educate myself on nutrition. I'm so grateful that I taught myself the importance of health and fitness in my early twenties. I created a lifestyle that I love, and because of that, I've never had to diet.''' ,'''When one twin is in need or hurt, the other twin definitely knows it. It really helps us being a successful tag team.''' ,'''My sister is an amazing champion; she's the Fearless Champion, and I couldn't be more proud to be by her side.''' ,'''We love to be athletic, but at the same time, we love to entertain. So my sister was actually looking to play pro soccer in Italy, and I convinced her. I said, 'Please, there's this thing called WWE Diva Search. I really want to go. I think we can do this.' And sure enough, they gave my sister and me a shot.''' ,'''It's crazy to think about getting recognized for something you just love to do.''' ,'''We love wine, and as with both Birdiebee and the beauty line, we consider these passion projects. When the right partners came to us for each of them, we knew the time was right.''' ,'''If it wasn't for technology and the Internet, I wouldn't have been able to plan a wedding because I'm never home.''' ,'''It's easy to hide your body from the chest down if you really want to. But it's not as easy, especially in the summer and spring, to hide your arms. So I think that's something you always have to make sure you work on.''' ,'''I love dominating in what's been considered man's world and showing them that women are equal talent.''' ,'''As far as past men go, I loved Jeff Hardy. He reminds me of my husband in a way. He's quieter but has a presence in the ring that's, like, wow.''' ,'''We have our own clothing line called Birdiebee that we just love.''' ,'''The good thing about being pregnant is I get to be home more.''' ,'''I think the thing with 'Total Divas' is that everyone truly got to see how different we were, which helped showcase singles careers in WWE, which is something we always wanted.''' ,'''Reality TV started becoming big when I was in college, around 2002. I remember everyone kept saying, 'Man, you guys should do reality.' And I was always like, 'I don't know.'''' ,'''College wasn't for us. We just didn't have the attention span.''' ,'''I hope that the little sacrifices that I make in my life - being away from my daughter, my husband and I not seeing each other as much - I hope it does inspire young girls to realize they can be whatever they want in this life.''' ,'''I make sure to consume plenty of vegetables every day. Vegetables keep you very full, and I'm also a vegetarian, but yeah, they keep you extremely full, so you're not hungry, and you always feel satisfied.''' ,'''I definitely don't see what people do for a living. I feel that doesn't define you as a human being; who you are defines you. I couldn't care less about what you do.''' ,'''People's passion and dedication can conquer anything.''' ,'''It is actually crazy because with our wrestling career, our coaches were always blown away by our timing, and they always remarked how our chemistry and timing is always perfect. Just being twins, we have that. We don't have to talk; we don't have to communicate. It just happens.''' ,'''Because I travel so much, my biggest pet peeve is dealing with travelers - the travelers who can't figure things out. My pet peeve is people who just have no idea how to travel.''' ,'''I really fought hard to bring that story to life on 'Total Divas,' the factory farming and free-range chicken. I'm shocked to see the positive response because you never know. People could be sensitive to certain things.''' ,'''Growing up, we were always the feisty Latin girls.''' ,'''All the weird, crazy things people say, like twins can read each other minds, they can feel each other's feelings, it's all true. We can have complete conversations with our eyes.''' ,'''I stay away from sweets. I'll treat myself here and there, but I'll stay away from fried foods, but I love French fries. I'll treat myself once a week to some French fries.''' ,'''For me, the best part of being Latina in the WWE is the feistiness I can bring to the ring.''' ,'''I think working out with a loved one makes everything feel better!''' ,'''I don't mind if I fail or if I succeed. No matter what, I want to look back with no regrets.''' ,'''I think the success of 'Total Divas' has opened people's eyes to women in wrestling and to WWE divas.''' ,'''I think because of 'Total Divas,' people have gotten to know who we are and kind of see more of the personality of the divas.''' ,'''We really wanted our characters to be very Latin-based because we've always been so proud of our roots.''' ,'''When we came into this business, everyone was against us.''' ,'''The retirement at WrestleMania 32 was a bittersweet moment for me. I was excited to see the next chapter of my life, which is becoming a mother, but at the same time, it was a very historical moment. It was a big part of what the Women's Division has been striving and fighting for.''' ,'''When I stand in that ring after a match, I feel like the strongest me! It's truly the greatest feeling.''' ,'''We love going to museums. We are so into history and into art. We find it a great way to decompress.''' ,'''I love watching Japanese wrestling, and then Bryan will be like, 'Watch this' or 'See this.'''' ,'''The first time I ever saw women wrestling, I immediately felt connected. I thought, 'This is what I'm supposed to do.'''' ,'''Out in the WWE ring, we have to play so much bad guy, good guy, don't talk to your competitors, but backstage, you'll see that we're all really close, and it affects us.''' ,'''We're not perfect; no one's perfect. You know how many people have been injured in the ring? But for some reason, I was, like, showcased in such a way of, like, this evil person and 'Look what she's done,' and I got bullied really bad.''' ,'''We'd love to create feminine hygiene products.''' ,'''Nicole and I got into wrestling through diva search. It used to be this competition WWE would put on. I found them when I saw the Divas wrestling in the ring, and I kind of just knew it was our calling. I felt like this was exactly what we are meant to do in life. Not only are the girls so glamorous, but they are also very tough.''' ,'''We want to be more than just being the Bella Twins and the stars of these reality TV shows. I want to have a bigger purpose in life. So that's why, with Birdiebee, we really want to give back.''' ,'''We grew up in a farming family, so I always ate non-processed food and fresh produce.''' ,'''Loving entertainment but having our athletic talent, WWE seemed like the perfect fit for us.''' ,'''I came from the soccer world, so all I knew was get the ball in that net. And when you're working with WWE, you're pretty much doing stunt work. You have to train and make sure you're safe and you're safe for your opponent, but at the same time, you have to tell a story.''' ,'''We were on a competitive traveling soccer team for nine years. Nikki then went on and played two more years in college. We both started getting into modeling and commercial work.''' ,'''I feel like people always thought my sister and I were models. I think it was just because if you went through Diva Search, that's just what you were. We were never models; we were athletes. We were athletes who fell in love with wrestling.''' ,'''In the United States, I feel like polio doesn't exist, but it very much does. I've been to many countries and saw how lucky we are that we can go straight to the doctor or the ER in the U.S. I would love for moms in other countries to not experience my fears.''' ,'''It's not even about looking good; it's about feeling good inside. Celebrity Sweat makes everyone aware of that but in a fun way with their favorite athletes.''' ,'''I think sometimes wrestling fans will feel different, but the thing is, 'Total Divas' introduced women's wrestling to the world.''' ,'''People come up to us at live events or at signings and thank us, saying, 'My wife or girlfriend watches wrestling now,' or that they weren't into wrestling, but because of 'Total Divas,' they are now.''' ,'''I'm such a Cathy Chatters.''' ,'''The girls are working so hard to put female wrestling on the map and to make it as big as the men. To see it actually happening... I'm so grateful.''' ,'''Now, being a fan, I love the difference between 'Raw' and 'Smackdown' - I know that each show will be completely different, and that makes it so fun to watch!''' ,'''Just because our work environment is crazy doesn't mean we need to bring the craziness home.''' ,'''I'm very close to every girl in the locker room.''' ,'''There are a lot of bad Divas on SmackDown that like to cheat a little bit.''' ,'''I've never experienced the love I have for my daughter.''' ,'''Nicole and I have always wanted to be winemakers, but we didn't think we would be able to do that until our 50s. But when our friends in Napa came to us and said, 'We really want to do a wine line with you,' how do you say no to that?''' ,'''I'm going to be an ambassador for WWE.''' ,'''As a competitive athlete, you always want to come out on top and give your best work. So whether it's my sister or any other opponent, I'm competitive.''' ,'''An ideal night for myself and my boyfriend would be going to the farmers market, making ourselves a nice meal, and then anything outdoorsy.''' ,'''The one thing Nikki and I always live by is 'No regrets.'''' ,'''We're like quirky Brits!''' ,'''At the end of the day, you're going to go through obstacles, but with passion, you will be successful, and you will accomplish whatever your dreams are.''' ,'''If Bryan is like, 'I'm going to be at the gym here for two hours,' it forces me to keep myself busy for those two hours. It pushes you more! And Bryan is actually the first relationship I've been in where my partner enjoys a healthy lifestyle like me. Even past lifting weights at the gym.''' ,'''I look at my grandmother, and she has this grace and class about her. When she walks into a room and sits down and talks to someone. Everything she does in life. I feel that women of her generation were really taught that.''' ,'''I felt this during the first few months of my motherhood. You lose who you are - you lose your identity - because when your baby comes, you give, give, give, and no one gives back, and you just wonder, 'Who am I?' 'What am I?' 'How do I live life now?' It's all for this baby.''' ,'''My mom had no idea she was having twins.''' ,'''I have such an amazing relationship with my mom, and I think, 'Wow, I'm going to have that with my daughter.'''' ,'''Blood is thicker than water, so the fact that I have my sister always with me, it's like you always have someone who's your best friend and always have someone who has your back. You can always trust your family, and I'm lucky to have that.''' ,'''We are tomboys.''' ,'''There was no way I could get pregnant and continue to work in the ring and go on the road.''' ,'''I think it's been fun to show that Bryan and I share a Honda Fit, and we're huge environmentalists, and we're big activists for animal rights.''' ,'''In 'Total Divas,' our men are our garnish. In 'Total Bellas,' you finally get them in the interview chair, and you get to hear their perspective on the events going on. Fans will get to hear their point of view.''' ,'''We always called ourselves Divas. I came in through Diva Search. I was a Divas Champion. I always felt like it had this negative feeling to it because a Diva is so much more high maintenance, and that's the last thing we women wrestlers are.''' ,'''When I graduated from Chaparral High School in Scottsdale, I made my way back to San Diego, which is where I was born. And I saw WWE Divas on television, and I thought to myself, 'Oh my goodness, that is our calling.'''' ,'''2014 was a really big year for me because I was able to go into a storyline with Stephanie McMahon, and the WWE Divas championship wasn't part of that, but for me, it was the biggest story I've ever been a part of in my whole entire career.''' ,'''Bryan and I plan to use reusable diapers. There are a lot more options than before. We know it won't be as convenient, but we want to do it to help the planet.''' ,'''You're gonna lose looks when it comes with age, but if you have that sense of humor, it will always keep things great in a relationship.''' ,'''Just because you are a mom doesn't mean whoever you were before is gone. You can bring it back.''' ,'''We never want to go out there and hurt each other, so when it happens, it's emotional.''' ,'''For myself, I went into an industry I wasn't educated on, and I thought, 'Hey, yeah, let's do this. Awesome.' And I've really had to educate myself in the fashion world: undergarments, fabrics, and learning their language, but it's been really great.''' ,'''If you're going to do reality, you need to do the good and the bad. I think that's why so many people love Nicole and me. We're real and honest.''' ,'''I think the one thing about 'Total Divas' is that we all had to open up our lives. We all had to open up that book and show you every chapter we've been through. Then when you start comparing, you see we all have something in common. That's what made us all close.''' ,'''As a mom, the minute your baby is born, you all of a sudden have these fears. People always say, 'Don't let your fears get you.' But for me, my fears educated me.''' ,'''There were so many times that, as waitresses, you look at your bank account and you literally have 100 bucks, and you're thinking, 'How am I going to pay my utility bill, my rent?' but at the same time thinking, 'How am I going to accomplish my dreams?'''' ,'''I'm obviously very hippie-like, and I'm always in a different city and town and country, and I thought, 'Why is it that the big food chains are always so promoted? I want the whole ingredients. I don't want preservatives. I want what this town and these farmers produce and see how their chefs create.'''' ,'''Gravity doesn't lie.''' ,'''Ever since we were little - and this goes from when we were babies through high school - everyone always said, 'The twins are so entertaining. Just sit down with them for five minutes, and you will see so much happen. They will fight, they will laugh, they will love each other, and then they will tell each other off.'''' ,'''With any career you're in, there's always a life outside of your career, and that's one thing when you're on the road 300 days of the year, you start missing your family, you miss your friends, you miss all the things you enjoy in life like going to the movies, museums.''' ,]
+++