+++
author = "Hornswoggle"
title = "Hornswoggle Quotes"
quotes_len = "53"
description = "the best 53 Hornswoggle Quotes"
keywords = "hornswoggle,hornswoggle quotes,hornswoggle quote,hornswoggle sayings,hornswoggle saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''That's the cool thing about how my career has been - you never know where I'm showing up next.''' ,'''Kofi - I can't say enough positive things about that guy.''' ,'''You've gotta realize this - you could be working at Burger King or working for the biggest wrestling company in the world.''' ,'''I was six years old and I had major back surgery and that paralyzed me for three months. When my back got fixed the first thing the doctor said was no contact sports and no trampolines.''' ,'''I never said, 'no, I'm not going to do that.' Two things stand out that I really didn't care for, there was the one where they dressed me as a cow. Obviously, I didn't care for it, but I knew it was for 'hahas' for fun stuff. And then, when they put me in a diaper as the New Year's baby, I was like, 'ugh, here we go.'''' ,'''There was no better entrance in history than The Ultimate Warrior. It was the greatest entrance between the music that had that guitar riff, and that face paint, and the tassels, and the gear. It was the greatest!''' ,'''I lived my dream and it was awesome.''' ,'''Twitter brings out the best in the keyboard bullies.''' ,'''John Cena, he called me at 3:30 in the morning when Landon was born. It was the craziest thing ever. He called me just to touch base and see that everything was healthy.''' ,'''I've been a death match fan since I can remember.''' ,'''The night of the WeeLC match was the biggest match of my career. That gave me a ton of amazing memories that will never be able to be taken from me.''' ,'''If you put little person wrestler on a poster, people are going to say oh is that kids? Is that weird, odd people? You put midget wrestling they know what it is.''' ,'''I'm a normal kid from Oshkosh, Wisconsin.''' ,'''I would love to do the whole 'Anonymous General Manager' storyline again. The way it was supposed to turn out was that I was supposed to be this almost mob-boss style character with this Napoleon complex, throwing his power around while running Raw. Obviously things didn't work out that way.''' ,'''I am technically not a midget. I'm a dwarf, or a little person, but I consider myself a midget. I just don't care enough to, I'm not going to waste anger on the word midget.''' ,'''I was the biggest Ultimate Warrior fan.''' ,'''When it comes to wrestling, I use that word instead of sports entertainment, I use wrestling all the time, because I am a wrestling fan.''' ,'''My real mom had two kids, my half-sister Tara and my half-brother Clint. When I was growing up Clint was a big wrestling fan and he instilled that into me. I was immediately encapsulated with everything pro wrestling.''' ,'''I hated Hogan growing up because he was just too white meat for me. He was just a guy in a ripped shirt, and a bandana, and a silly moustache in my mind.''' ,'''My first riding partners were Mark Henry, The Great Khali and Daivari. It was the traveling circus.''' ,'''I don't watch my stuff.''' ,'''New Jersey fans are the most ruthless fans in the country for booing and hating on whatever's in the ring if they don't like it.''' ,'''Not playing off of an audience is very challenging.''' ,'''I can stop and retire when I get to Japan. I don't care if it's one show, that's all that's left for me. I just need to wrestle in Japan once and that would be the cherry on top.''' ,'''The Hardcore Championship is still probably my favorite title of all time.''' ,'''I wrestled a bull on national TV for months. A midget dressed as a bull against another midget. You can't take it that seriously. So, every opportunity I'm given I think, 'How can I make this fun?'''' ,'''Performing outside of a WWE ring was a very different experience for me. In the ring if you hit someone in the face, you get an immediate reaction. You don't have that when you shoot a movie so you don't know whether or not it's good or bad until it's cut.''' ,'''Hell, I would love to work with El Torito somewhere and somehow on the indies or down in Mexico. Something like that.''' ,'''In my opinion, NXT has a niche audience.''' ,'''I literally view wrestling as the time when I was playing with action figures. You can make anything out of it. You can make it be fun.''' ,'''I did a year and a half of independent wrestling before I got into the WWE. It was nothing really. I didn't make the towns. I don't even say I was an indy wrestler.''' ,'''Tina Fey is just amazing. And she is just so funny and so good hearted.''' ,'''The thought of real-life scares me to death.''' ,'''I get to travel the world in front of thousands of people and get paid for it. It's pretty awesome.''' ,'''In a general way, I think traveling with Kofi Kingston and Curt Hawkins would have to be some of the best times I had. Those two are my two best friends that I'll ever have in wrestling.''' ,'''I look like if AJ Styles and Conrad Thompson had a child. But the child didn't grow full arms or legs; he just grew out from the belly.''' ,'''I am fully on board with the Wellness Policy. Even after being suspended by it, I'm fully on board with it. I think it's really keeping people healthy in general.''' ,'''I feel at times I get stagnant, and I don't want to.''' ,'''When it comes to being under the ring, I'd either go under before the doors opened or would get snuck under in the dark while a video package played on the screen. There were times when I was underneath for six-plus hours because it wouldn't work out to sneak me under later in the show.''' ,'''I learned everything from WWE. Ken Anderson trained me in Green Bay. The were looking for a midget for Fit Finlay, and Ken said that I have the guy. He can take bumps. He can work. He will do great, it was literally off to the races from then on.''' ,'''I'm with WWE Superstars so much... more than my own family and we get on each other's nerves.''' ,'''The minute you start getting down about how your life is panned out - I'm not a religious person, but how God made ya - the minute you get down about that, it's gonna eat at you and eat at you.''' ,'''I just think I got lucky. Every step of the way, I've gotten lucky with everything I've gotten to do and be a part of.''' ,'''I don't get offended and am outspoken and I'm a people person.''' ,'''I truly love professional wrestling. I don't want to do anything else.''' ,'''The word midget makes me money.''' ,'''Everyone has bad matches or bad segments into their careers, if you get through it, you know there is going to be another segment another day.''' ,'''The 'King of Small Style' moniker was actually an idea that a real good friend of mine back home in Oshkosh, Wisconsin came up with the day I was released by WWE. Nakamura was the 'King of Strong Style' and that nickname was hot at the time so I jumped on the bandwagon and made a name of my own. It's stuck with me ever since.''' ,'''When they moved me to Raw away from Finlay I was so scared because that was all I had. They said I was going to manage Sheamus, but that never happened, and it's like, ok, now what. Thank God the Chavo feud started, and then the DX stuff, then it was off to the races again. It was great, but scared me to death.''' ,'''I enjoy talking to people and sometimes razzing them and that's just me.''' ,'''I am Mr. McMahon's son. I always had a feeling that it was me. Now that it's been confirmed I could not be happier!''' ,'''I never would have thought that in a million years that this would have happened, being in WWE and being in a Muppet film. But for some stroke of luck I guess they both did and I'm loving both of them.''' ,'''I had people come up from NXT and say to me, 'one thing we know is that we hear you're a bully,' I say that I am because I know that I am going to be bullied back at some point so I might as well start it.''' ,]
+++