+++
author = "Mark Noble"
title = "Mark Noble Quotes"
quotes_len = "54"
description = "the best 54 Mark Noble Quotes"
keywords = "mark noble,mark noble quotes,mark noble quote,mark noble sayings,mark noble saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've just always got on with people older than me for some reason.''' ,'''I was walking along somewhere in the Maldives and there were West Ham fans there. It's crazy.''' ,'''I'm English, I've always wanted to play for England but it's out of my hands.''' ,'''I always wanted to be one of the best players in the world like Zinedine Zidane, so it was great that I ended up playing at West Ham against some of the best players in the world.''' ,'''Modibo Maiga, Guy Demel and Momo Diame can't understand how you go fishing and chuck them back. They say, 'Bring it in, I'll eat it.'''' ,'''When results go against you, that's when you really test how good you are as a team.''' ,'''When you're 2-0 up and you lose possession, you sprint back. So much of it is down to confidence - it's really down to really wanting to make that run.''' ,'''If you want to pay money for an English talent you pay way over the odds. You get players from abroad really cheap.''' ,'''I've been here for 19 years, so West Ham fans are bored with seeing me. It's like my wife, who changes the wallpaper every three years because she gets tired of it.''' ,'''You have to take the good with the bad and if you have to play over Christmas you have to. We have a good life and playing football over Christmas is not the worst thing in the world.''' ,'''My biggest problem, when I was younger and when things weren't going so well, I was so enthusiastic, so anxious to make things better that I used to get myself in trouble.''' ,'''I watch a lot of football and you hardly ever see Premier League players go down with cramp. The fitness, the intensity of Premier League football is phenomenal.''' ,'''I know Billy Bonds quite well and he is a fantastic person and was a fantastic player.''' ,'''You can't play man to man against Liverpool and out-pass them. You have to keep your shape and stop them.''' ,'''I don't think I will fully appreciate it until I have retired. My dad will ring me after a game and if we've lost it's the end of the world for me but he will say: 'I don't think you realise - you are captain of West Ham, you grew up supporting the club.'''' ,'''I feel a lot older than I am.''' ,'''You want to play in the Premier League, full stop. You don't want to play in the Championship. I've played there and I don't want to play there again for West Ham.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong, I love training and I love playing but everyday life? People see the money and the material things that footballers have but you get to a Premier League level because you have something inside you and you can play. Ninety per cent of that is self-pride.''' ,'''I never blame the refs as I know how tough it is, how fast the play goes, how difficult it is to keep up with the play.''' ,'''When I was a youngster, my dream was to play in the first team. I was constantly thinking, 'Will I make a career in football? Am I going to have to go out and get a job?'''' ,'''Chicharito is a goal machine - he gets one chance and scores.''' ,'''I love playing football. I always look at it as there's a lot worse things you can be doing than coming into a training ground in the morning and playing footy and having a laugh with the boys.''' ,'''People have to realise we are footballers, we are targets but we have got to protect ourselves.''' ,'''I always give 100% in every game I play, even if it's not enough.''' ,'''It's a fear of failure which drives me on.''' ,'''The way football is, sometimes, everything that could go wrong goes wrong. You have to dig yourselves out of that by simply working hard and sticking together.''' ,'''If I'm on my way to play a round of golf there is an anxiety in me, a feeling of 'I can't lose today.'''' ,'''I'm as passionate as the fans, I want West Ham to do well whether I'm in the team or not.''' ,'''Obviously when you grow up in the area you love playing on the street, and to go from playing on the street with my mates to playing at Upton Park is a bit surreal, and 15 years on to still be in the heart of the West Ham midfield is quite good going!''' ,'''We're not robots, we're not factory built. We have feelings, we have families and we go through tough times that people don't know about. Sometimes your form isn't good and there's a reason for that. Sometimes the team isn't playing well and you can't quite work out why.''' ,'''Football is a game of moments now and if someone does four step-overs, they've had an incredible game. That's not something I do.''' ,'''I want to score but when you think of the soldiers in Iraq with bullets flying around their heads you realise a penalty isn't something to get too worried about.''' ,'''I ended up buying a van to chuck all my fishing gear in because I couldn't keep using my car.''' ,'''I'm really not convinced I want to be a manager at all. Managers are just wide open to abuse.''' ,'''I don't think I'm a bad egg.''' ,'''In football winning games is all that matters, but a team like West Ham and every team apart from Man City are going to lose games.''' ,'''To wear this shirt, especially with the West Ham badge on it - it takes an honest player, hard-working, a player that leaves everything on the pitch and plays for the crest on the shirt.''' ,'''Players such as Scholes and Gerrard, Ryan Giggs and Jamie Carragher have consistently performed at the top level and played hundreds of games. It's fantastic, I'd love that. But you never know what's round the corner.''' ,'''I was at Arsenal as an 11-year-old. I really enjoyed it but I was at school and my dad used to drive me there after work. Sometimes we were in traffic for two hours. They wanted to keep me but I wasn't getting home until nearly 11 P. M. I loved it there but it wasn't right, so I came to West Ham and haven't looked back.''' ,'''I've played under Alan Pardew, Gianfranco Zola, Avram Grant, Sam Allardyce, Alan Curbishley and Slaven's made me captain.''' ,'''I used to do a lot of fishing with my dad, usually in Beckton Boating Lake.''' ,'''To accumulate almost 500 games in a decade and a half means I'm averaging more than 30 per season and I'm proud of that.''' ,'''You have to hit the ground running at West Ham. If you don't, suddenly from the fans it's, 'You're not good enough to play for our football club.'''' ,'''I hate for people to think that I have only played for West Ham because I am the local lad and people make allowances for me.''' ,'''The way the Premier League is now we have a lot of foreign players. A lot of very good foreign players.''' ,'''The Premier League is a results business.''' ,'''My pet hate is being beaten by a team who works harder than you do.''' ,'''At the end of the day, West Ham are a Premier League football club and that's all that matters.''' ,'''I think playing for England is the pinnacle of every young English player's career.''' ,'''I played at White Hart Lane against Michael Carrick and Edgar Davids when I was 18.''' ,'''I've been lucky enough to experience some big tournaments at Under-21 level and would love to be part of a World Cup in England.''' ,'''Refs won't get everything right but those decisions really hurt teams.''' ,'''When I speak to my dad and my wife, and friends, they say it's 10 years at West Ham, you're leading the team out every week, when you sit back and really think about it, it's very rare.''' ,'''It is hard if you have got family and kids and you have to leave them on Christmas Day to go and train but listen, we are a small minority of lucky players. We have obviously worked hard for this, but we are lucky enough to have the ability to play in the Premier League.''' ,]
+++