+++
author = "Juju Smith-Schuster"
title = "Juju Smith-Schuster Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Juju Smith-Schuster Quotes"
keywords = "juju smith-schuster,juju smith-schuster quotes,juju smith-schuster quote,juju smith-schuster sayings,juju smith-schuster saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you play football, you want to see something like a trick play or something that is very exciting. You want to give the crowd something to be happy about.''' ,'''Because of my personality, I'm able to connect with kids on a personal level.''' ,'''Mike Tomlin, man, is one of the realest coaches out there. He keeps everything real; he keeps it 100. He doesn't lie to you. He doesn't sugarcoat anything. And that's what I like about him.''' ,'''You can be in this league for 10-15 years and not win a championship. My boy, Nelson Agholor, been in the league for three years and got a ring with Philly. That's what we live for and dream for. That's why I think a lot of guys stay in Pittsburgh: because we always compete for championships.''' ,'''I'm big into video games, and when I joined FAZE clan, they're big into streaming. And they're streaming every day, like, six, seven hours a day.''' ,'''You take care of business on the field; everything will take care of itself off the field.''' ,'''I like playing inside. I just love the physicalness of being in the box with the bigger guys. That's just something that's part of my game.''' ,'''I just want to let people know that JuJu is all about football. He's focused on football. But at the same time, I've gotta live my life, too.''' ,'''It all starts off on the field. In any sport, that's how you catch people's attention. From there, you kinda show your fans, your following, what kind of person you are and your personality. I let the field work do its work.''' ,'''The reason I created a YouTube channel was because I can connect on a more personal level and be more detailed, within 10 minutes, of my life and what I do on a daily basis.''' ,]
+++