+++
author = "Sarah Chalke"
title = "Sarah Chalke Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Sarah Chalke Quotes"
keywords = "sarah chalke,sarah chalke quotes,sarah chalke quote,sarah chalke sayings,sarah chalke saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think that we had a really loyal, great audience on Tuesdays and we were hoping that with the move, they would come with us. It looks like they have, so things are good and we are going to keep building.''' ,'''Walking into a show when I was 16, at that time when it was the No. 1 hit show, and replacing a character comes with so many expectations. I felt a lot of pressure with that.''' ,'''I would be sad if it ended now. It's been the best job I've had by a long shot, especially creatively because the writing is so good. Every week I get the script and I laugh out loud and get excited for the different stuff we get to do.''' ,'''It was really cool going to Sea World. We had an amazing time. They were amazing to us. We got to swim with the dolphins, and it was really special.''' ,'''Human beings are not meant to lose their anonymity and privacy.''' ,'''I've slowly gone back, later on in life, to fish and then chicken and then, last year, red meat.''' ,'''What doctor does not need platform heels and dark black eyeliner to treat their patients?''' ,'''But to be part of helping create a character and be a part of something from the beginning - the excitement of it - it doesn't get any better.''' ,'''I think it's because it's so different and it takes risks. Plus, it's really smart humor. It gives the audience credit in terms of not needing to tell them when to laugh. I love that about the show. There's no laugh track.''' ,'''I think that as is true in this industry, everything gets blown out of proportion because it's more fun for people to read about. It's even more fun to read about if the stories get wilder and wilder.''' ,'''Roseanne was incredible to work with. She was extremely bright.''' ,'''I love acting, and it was really important to me to give it a real shot.''' ,'''We have such a good time working together. It makes such a difference going to work every day for 14 hours and being able to hang out and have a good time.''' ,'''I'm having the time of my life. I've never looked forward to going to work so much every day. I'm loving it; it's great. It's what I love to do and I wouldn't want to be doing anything else.''' ,'''I don't think when people sign up for a life of doing something they love to do they should have to sign up for a complete loss of privacy. I understand a little loss of privacy coming with the job.''' ,'''Your home should be your home. People shouldn't be allowed to use whatever crazy lenses they use to catch you waking up in the morning.''' ,'''I would like to think that I'm more different from my character than I am.''' ,'''So the first season about halfway through he just sort of put us together and then broke us up all within one episode. One of the ideas is to have us do that once a year - to have everything blow up in our faces and not work out.''' ,'''I was 17 and the whole thing was very confusing at the time. It was a great job and I loved it, and to lose the role was definitely tough for me. I was devastated when I lost the role.''' ,'''I lived in Vancouver, where they film so many things. So it gave me a good shot at it.''' ,'''In fact, if they didn't let me commute, I would not have taken the role because I wanted to graduate high school with my classmates. I remember my agent's jaw dropping when I told him if I couldn't commute I didn't want the role.''' ,'''The first time I lived in L.A. I was too young. I really wanted to be back home in Vancouver.''' ,'''I don't smoke, I try to eat right, and I love doing yoga and going for hikes with my dog.''' ,]
+++