+++
author = "Edward Albert"
title = "Edward Albert Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Edward Albert Quotes"
keywords = "edward albert,edward albert quotes,edward albert quote,edward albert sayings,edward albert saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In 1969, at the age of 19, I was lucky enough to work with George C. Scott in the definitive portrayal of his career over a period of many months and several countries on the definitive film version of Patton's WWII career.''' ,'''One of the things that amazes me is the amount of functional illiteracy in this country... people can't read to get around, or people who can't read the newspaper but can barely read street signs.''' ,'''I had an extraordinary childhood.''' ,'''Our scholastic system isn't structured to make sure that kids in the fifth or sixth grades absolutely know how to read.''' ,'''It was a very magical upbringing, the quality of feeling special, and people treated us special. You tried real hard to remember all the normal things so you didn't get twisted.''' ,'''I had the two best teachers in the world. That was my family.''' ,'''What I want to be is an actor, not a star.''' ,'''I was getting bored and, I think, being a real pest. I remember Brando coming and sitting on the bed and cutting out the most exquisite paper fish, with detailed scales and fins. Then he took a hotel pen and a piece of string and made a fishing pole.''' ,'''If I wasn't Eddie Albert's son, I'd be someone else's. It gave me a chance to do a lot of traveling, but mostly I'm glad I'm his son because he's such a good man.''' ,'''The simple act of caring is heroic.''' ,'''I don't think there's any show that really escapes it: It's very rare that a creative producer stays with the show. As soon as the producer leaves, they cut the budget.''' ,'''We weren't a Hollywood family. We were simply a show business family.''' ,'''Courage is just fear, plus prayers, plus understanding.''' ,'''I always knew I would act. It was just a matter of time.''' ,'''In times of life crisis, whether wild fires or smoldering stress, the first thing I do is go back to basics... am I eating right, am I getting enough sleep, am I getting some physical and mental exercise everyday.''' ,'''Recently, our cable went out. Without the TV, children are forced to draw and read; grown-ups are forced to talk to their wives. I call it a psychic pacifier: It washes over you. It helps you avoid reality.''' ,'''Fear is the only true enemy, born of ignorance and the parent of anger and hate.''' ,'''Let us begin by doing our best to do our best, every single time, no matter what, forever.''' ,'''You don't find anyone like Texans anywhere else in the world.''' ,'''Some days it is a heroic act just to refuse the paralysis of fear and straighten up and step into another day.''' ,'''On a level of simple personal survival, understanding and forgiveness are crucial... whether in an intimate personal relationship or on a global level.''' ,'''Sometimes you have to be selfish to be selfless.''' ,'''Over the years, I have worked professionally as a musician, photographer, and writer. I've been able to earn my living in other ways, but I always knew I'd come back to acting.''' ,'''Usually in features, I'm the lead. I consider the director the captain, but I consider myself the first mate, and it's up to me to keep in contact with the heart of the crew.''' ,]
+++