+++
author = "David Ortiz"
title = "David Ortiz Quotes"
quotes_len = "41"
description = "the best 41 David Ortiz Quotes"
keywords = "david ortiz,david ortiz quotes,david ortiz quote,david ortiz sayings,david ortiz saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My whole career, my swing has always been the most important thing to me. Even when I'm taking a shower, I work on my swing.''' ,'''Trust me, I play the game for the fans, my family and myself.''' ,'''You can't say that being a fan is more serious, because players are trying to do better in order to get paid better.''' ,'''All I like to do is work every day and have an idea what I want to do.''' ,'''If I can't hit at a high level, I won't play, and I know there comes a point where my body won't be able to do that.''' ,'''I'm going to be done when I've decided that I'm done.''' ,'''I just come do what I've got to do, play my game. And I don't worry if anybody likes it.''' ,'''I'm the kind of a player who, if you give me something good to hit, I'm going to swing at it. Otherwise, there's nothing else you can do.''' ,'''What I don't want to do is just play for the sake of playing.''' ,'''I stress a lot, sometimes.''' ,'''I'm a winner, I play to win, I want to make good things go on around me.''' ,'''I'm a guy that people look at me not only as a guy that hit the ball.''' ,'''Sometimes when you're fighting, fighting, fighting, the mind needs some time off and you regroup and get back to normal.''' ,'''I come to play everyday.''' ,'''Everybody goes through some tough times in their life, no matter what you do. Man, I've had my tough times.''' ,'''I showed people that it's not about guessing what people can do. It's about saying, 'Here, show me what you can do.'''' ,'''Everybody has something to prove each year. Everybody has a responsibility in this game. Even the batboy.''' ,'''You just have to go as far as you can go. Everyone works his way up.''' ,'''I try to do things the right way.''' ,'''I just love the feeling from the fans and when I'm walking on deck I can hear people screaming and wishing you the best. That puts you into the game more than anything.''' ,'''I'm the same guy I've always been. I'm the same guy now as when I was hitting 50 home runs. I don't change.''' ,'''I try to be as quiet as I can at the plate, but still aggressive.''' ,'''You can never fall in love with a team.''' ,'''A lot of people write books not at the end of their career. Why you gotta wait until then? When you're momentum's going, that's when people really want to get to know about you.''' ,'''People, man, they love hurting people. It's not even fair.''' ,'''I swing hard all the time. That's what I've done my whole life - hit.''' ,'''My mom, she's still always there for me. Always.''' ,'''I've always been my own hitting coach.''' ,'''I just want to play baseball.''' ,'''Through the years I've been getting better and better and better, and it's what you learn though the seasons.''' ,'''You don't get better as you get older in your career. It's not natural to have your best years late in your career. So I'm trying to do whatever I can to keep my body feeling good for as long as I can.''' ,'''Negativity doesn't help me.''' ,'''My mom, she wasn't like a baseball mother who knew everything about the game. She just wanted me to be happy with what I was doing.''' ,'''My teammates are the best.''' ,'''Sometimes you just don't feel the same everyday, it doesn't matter what you do, but when you have people looking forward to seeing you perform for them, that puts you in the mood, and that's natural in Boston. That's why it's such a special place to play.''' ,'''The fans know that I don't give at-bats away.''' ,'''Whatever country you go to, you need to definitely follow the rules. So I believe it's very important for people, wherever they go, any immigrant should know or should try to learn something about the culture.''' ,'''I never thought that buying supplements and vitamins, it was going to hurt anybody's feelings.''' ,'''I start thinking about life after death. I've got to quit thinking about it because it's very deep. Very deep. Sometimes you start thinking about it, and you don't feel like you want to be alive, so I don't like to get all quiet.''' ,'''I know in my situation, my mind works more than everything else. I've been like that my whole career.''' ,'''I'm the kind of guy that I never forget my teammates.''' ,]
+++