+++
author = "James Earl Jones"
title = "James Earl Jones Quotes"
quotes_len = "58"
description = "the best 58 James Earl Jones Quotes"
keywords = "james earl jones,james earl jones quotes,james earl jones quote,james earl jones sayings,james earl jones saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''No one asked me to be an actor, so no one owed me. There was no entitlement.''' ,'''Reading was a big thing, yes. Books were a big thing. But the things that stick out were the newspapers.''' ,'''When you are mute, you become a good listener - it's all one-way. You appreciate the written word. You appreciate the sound.''' ,'''I don't ever want to be a sentimentalist. I prefer to be a realist. I'm not a romantic really.''' ,'''And I think, on the other end, there were actors who were not as good as I was, perhaps who could have hung in too, but began to blame everything on race.''' ,'''One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter.''' ,'''The arts have always been an important ingredient to the health of a nation, but we haven't gotten there yet.''' ,'''I knew real show business from my father, who had been an actor since he left the world of boxing.''' ,'''You weren't going to the theater to change the world, but you had a chance to affect the world, the thinking and the feelings of the world.''' ,'''I think the extent to which I have any balance at all, any mental balance, is because of being a farm kid and being raised in those isolated rural areas.''' ,'''My grandmother had the most dramatic effect on my life because she set me in one direction, and I had to go back the other direction for my sanity, and for my ability to be a social human being.''' ,'''We children learned responsibility automatically.''' ,'''You don't build a bond without being present.''' ,'''Stuttering is painful. In Sunday school, I'd try to read my lessons, and the children behind me were falling on the floor with laughter.''' ,'''My grandmother though, began to prepare in her own neurotic - and I think psychotic - way to face racism. So she taught us to be racist, which is something I had to undo later when I got to Michigan, you know.''' ,'''The world is filled with violence. Because criminals carry guns, we decent law-abiding citizens should also have guns. Otherwise they will win and the decent people will loose.''' ,'''I think self-criticism is sort of a given when you're an actor. It's also about being curious and not being flippant. Anyone who accepts being in this noble profession is automatically self-critical.''' ,'''I got out of the Army - in my world - I came to New York, for instance, when the civil rights movement was just beginning, and that created a certain energy, a certain rumble, a certain impetus for black actors.''' ,'''There's nothing I would retire for, so I won't retire.''' ,'''You sang in church, you know, and you didn't act at all. You tried not to act, you tried to tell the truth. The idea of being a troubadour on the road singing for your supper was very disturbing to him.''' ,'''Your own need to be shines out of any dream or creation you imagine.''' ,'''The goal wasn't to be a millionaire or to be a Hollywood star. That was not the goal. The goal was something about - the goal was to find the goal, but I knew where it was.''' ,'''It has to be real, and I think a lot of the problems we have as a society is because we don't acknowledge that family is important, and it has to be people who are present, you know, and mothers and fathers, both are not present enough with children.''' ,'''And it was the idea that you can do a play - like a Shakespeare play, or any well-written play, Arthur Miller, whatever - and say things you could never imagine saying, never imagine thinking in your own life.''' ,'''I'd like to film a British commercial; they're better than American ones.''' ,'''I mean, my people were very, very simple. They were peasant people, you know?''' ,'''One day, my youngest uncle - the other one who was first to go to college, Randy - and I were sitting out on the front porch. And he was brilliant. He ended up - he just retired from Boeing Aircraft in Wichita, Kansas.''' ,'''Actors never discuss future plans.''' ,'''So in my junior year, I switched to the drama department.''' ,'''I was as content Off-Broadway as I was in a big Hollywood movie, and, I just try to be content wherever I am, you know.''' ,'''You cannot be an actor like I am and not have been in some of the worst movies like I have. But I stand before you deeply honored, mighty grateful and just plain gobsmacked.''' ,'''Denzel Washington, Sidney Poitier, Robert Redford, Tom Cruise: those guys have well-planned careers. I'm just on a journey. Wherever I run across a job, I say, 'Okay, I'll do that.'''' ,'''I think stutterers are funny. And I know it's rude and politically incorrect to laugh at stutterers. But I think it is okay because I know why they're funny. They make people nervous. People think, when on earth are they going to get the word out, so they start laughing out of their own nervousness.''' ,'''So I was determined to use my last two years in college doing something I thought I would enjoy, which was acting. And it was probably because there was girls over in the drama school too, you know?''' ,'''So in my sophomore year, I took a senior anatomy class. I thought anatomy - being the thing that I should be most interested in - and if I could hack, as we called it, a senior class, I would continue. I didn't hack the senior class.''' ,'''There haven't been enough profound things written about what being black means and what a black character is. Nobody knows.''' ,'''I consider myself a novice film actor.''' ,'''I love doing commercials! Usually, they have enough money that they can take time and photograph it well.''' ,'''In the wintertime, in the snow country, citrus fruit was so rare, and if you got one, it was better than ambrosia.''' ,'''And nothing embittered me, which is important, because I think ethnic people and women in this society can end up being embittered because of the lack of affirmative action, you know.''' ,'''I happened to happened to land in a time, in the middle '60s, that without knowing it, and without being told by the history of theater - which we now see from a historical point of view was an explosive time.''' ,'''I was preparing myself for the theater, and... I got a little job here and a job there, but it wasn't going well, and I considered some time before the mid-60s that maybe I should consider something else.''' ,'''My youngest uncle Randy and I were the first members of our entire family to ever go to college.''' ,'''When I was in New York after I left the Army, I studied for two years at the American Theater Wing, studied acting, which involved dance and fencing and speech classes and history of theater, all that.''' ,'''More and more, when I single out the person out who inspired me most, I go back to my grandfather.''' ,'''People who lusted after Marilyn Monroe had no idea she stuttered. It is the secret of her sexiness, actually.''' ,'''There is not enough magic in a bloodline to forge an instant, irrevocable bond.''' ,'''Writing can give full meaning to characters and avoid pure stereotype.''' ,'''Before my grandpa built his own church, we went to the neighboring town, and it was a white community. You know, up north, mostly middle European people and Indians, Chippewa Indians. We were welcome to that church, but once we got in, they didn't know what to do with us.''' ,'''Speech is a very important aspect of being human. A whisper doesn't cut it.''' ,'''So by the time I got to Michigan I was a stutterer. I couldn't talk. So my first year of school was my first mute year and then those mute years continued until I got to high school.''' ,'''I love to see actors' work. I love to surf channels late at night and accidentally run into movies I hadn't seen before. It makes me very proud of the profession.''' ,'''Acting is not about anything romantic, not even fantasy, although you do create fantasy.''' ,'''Once you begin to explain or excuse all events on racial grounds, you begin to indulge in the perilous mythology of race.''' ,'''I really think I ambled through a lot of my life, or ambled from one thing to the other.''' ,'''When I read great literature, great drama, speeches, or sermons, I feel that the human mind has not achieved anything greater than the ability to share feelings and thoughts through language.''' ,'''Even during the rationing period, during World War II, we didn't have the anxiety that we'd starve, because we grew our own potatoes, you know? And our own hogs, and our own cows and stuff, you know.''' ,'''I was an adopted child of my grandparents, and I don't know how I can ever express my gratitude for that, because my parents would have been a mess, you know.''' ,]
+++