+++
author = "John C. Mather"
title = "John C. Mather Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 John C. Mather Quotes"
keywords = "john c. mather,john c. mather quotes,john c. mather quote,john c. mather sayings,john c. mather saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There is no limit to what astrophysicists can do. We can be very curious.''' ,'''One of the most powerful scientific tools ever invented is the telephone.''' ,'''We are now able to put our minds in other places in the universe with the use of telescopes. That is very exciting.''' ,'''My interest in science started quite early. My earliest school recollection, from age 6, is actually of mathematics, realizing that one could fill an entire page with digits and never come to the largest possible number, so I saw what was meant by infinity.''' ,'''I was thrilled and amazed when I found out we won the Nobel Prize. The dedicated and talented women and men of the COBE team collaborated to produce the science results being recognized. This is truly such a rare and special honor.''' ,'''I've always been excited to know how we got here.''' ,'''There is strength in numbers, but organizing those numbers is one of the great challenges.''' ,'''I think a well-rounded education keeps us from being bored and boring!''' ,'''Big Bang gave us hydrogen and helium. We couldn't make people out of hydrogen and helium. So we're made out of exploding stars.''' ,'''My work at NASA has always been about team efforts, and so it's intrinsically about mentoring. I have been blessed with some brilliant colleagues who were able to take on huge challenges without a lot of guidance.''' ,'''Easytrak is no guarantee against mismanagement. But you cannot manage a large program without software like it today. It is a project information management system that helps people develop a solution to a problem with many parts to track.''' ,'''My mother's father, Hobart Cromwell, was a bacteriologist with Abbott Laboratories in suburban Chicago. I never got to know him well, as he died very young, but he was always a heroic figure in our family, wise and gentle and intelligent by reputation, with the courage to fight against the McCarthyites.''' ,'''Many of the problems facing the nation and the world today may only be solved if their technical elements are understood - climate change, energy supply, health care, and infrastructure, to name just a few.''' ,'''Stars are extremely far apart. We cannot imagine any way currently available to get to the nearest one, besides the sun.''' ,'''When we see what the universe has to show us, we can go no further.''' ,'''The predominant theory of the origin of the universe is the Big Bang.''' ,'''With COBE, we can see things before the lights came on. While we probably will not rewrite the book of cosmology with this mission, we will write another chapter.''' ,'''I tried without much success to learn a little of the humanities and the arts, but even passing the courses in art history and music history was a challenge.''' ,'''A mentor enables a person to achieve. A hero shows what achievement looks like.''' ,'''Talk to people... everything good I've done has come from conversations with people. Science is a very social phenomenon.''' ,'''It seemed to me that NASA, especially Goddard, was the place where I could carry out the dreams that I had, which were to push forward an experiment that would measure the big bang radiation better than anyone had ever tried before. Therefore, it seemed like the perfect place to go.''' ,'''Every time we get a story that says there was a Big Bang, then people want to know what was before that. And if we find out, what was before that?''' ,'''If there is an impact on climate change due to natural causes, we need to understand that, and cannot escape responsibility to deal with what we are doing now.''' ,'''I had to learn to be more open with people and to know how to show that I was interested in them.''' ,'''I think my proper response is complete amazement and awe at the universe that we are in, and how it works is just far more complicated than humans will ever properly understand.''' ,'''Astronomers can look back in time. We can look at things as they used to be. We have an idea there was a Big Bang explosion 13.7 billion years ago. We have a story of how galaxies and stars were made. It's an amazing story.''' ,'''Do not make grand plans. Be flexible.''' ,'''Even your chin is made up of exploded stars.''' ,'''When you have a deadline, or when you know that your equipment is about to go up in a rocket and you won't have another chance to fix it, your mind works in a way that it otherwise never would.''' ,'''There's no such thing as saying that we'll ever find the ultimate cause of stuff. We can only work to push our understanding one step further.''' ,'''We are discovering what the universe is really like, and it is totally magnificent, and one can only be inspired and awestruck by what we find.''' ,'''My experience from working with people is that you can have a conversation with someone or have a meeting with a group of people, and from that meeting will derive an answer to a question that no individual could have ever thought of by him or herself.''' ,'''Hubble knows there is interesting stuff out there, but Hubble isn't quite big enough.''' ,'''As an eight-year-old, I would listen to stories and biographies of Charles Darwin and Galileo. I also went to wonderful schools and had great teachers who inspired me.''' ,'''We have our religious traditions coming from many thousands of years, and I think to myself, well, you know, if Moses had come down with tablets from the mountain that said, 'And guess what? There are protons and neutrons, and they are made out of quarks,' people wouldn't have understood what he said. So he didn't.''' ,'''In 100 billion years, the universe will be a very strange place.''' ,]
+++