+++
author = "Edwin Van Der Sar"
title = "Edwin Van Der Sar Quotes"
quotes_len = "97"
description = "the best 97 Edwin Van Der Sar Quotes"
keywords = "edwin van der sar,edwin van der sar quotes,edwin van der sar quote,edwin van der sar sayings,edwin van der sar saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think every player gives a bit extra when he sees that his manager is fighting, too.''' ,'''At Ajax, we have a certain philosophy that is sometimes more important than winning - the development of players.''' ,'''When I was younger, I thought I would finish in my mid-30s because that is normal for most players.''' ,'''When you see Sir Alex arguing with referees and linesmen, he is showing passion that has taken him to the very highest level of the game.''' ,'''I signed for Ajax in 1989 when I was still at school.''' ,'''Matthijs is very mature for his age: he has the physique of a 24-year-old. He is also strong with both feet, has an extremely good range of passing, can head the ball, scores goals, and is a real leader at the back already at the age of 18.''' ,'''United is a special place.''' ,'''If you are in the Premier League or at Barcelona, Real Madrid, or Bayern Munich, you are at an end station.''' ,'''United is a much bigger challenge than Ajax. They're not just a big and famous club but also a worldwide brand, yet when you're inside, it's still a family place.''' ,'''I get great respect from the United fans and the directors and the people who are there still when you go there. It is a very warm club, very comparable to Ajax, only they have grown internationally amazingly.''' ,'''It's always difficult if you're coming into a new club and new league, especially the English one. It's a very demanding one, can be a very tough one.''' ,'''It doesn't matter whether it is your first game or your last game: you want to win.''' ,'''You want to build your own team for the highest level, and that happens more with teams that stay together.''' ,'''If I see something right, I say so.''' ,'''The FA Cup is the oldest cup competition in the world. Players are keen and willing to play in these games.''' ,'''If you go to Juventus, you want to go for longer than two years, and you want to win titles.''' ,'''It's always hard the moment you decide to stop playing. It doesn't matter if you're at a small club or a big club: it's the end of your playing career, so that's always going to be a big moment for any player.''' ,'''Being at Manchester United is a great way to play at the highest level and win trophies with a team that is very closely knitted together.''' ,'''Craven Cottage is a great stadium, really traditional, going through the rows of houses until a stadium suddenly appears.''' ,'''I am 40 years old, but I still feel fit.''' ,'''When I left Ajax in 1999, I travelled to Liverpool and spoke to Houllier. I was shown around Anfield and also met with the chairman and a couple of the players. I thought about it, but when Juventus came to the table, I came to the conclusion that it would be a bigger challenge to play in Italy.''' ,'''I remember, when I was 24, I said 34 was going to be the limit I will play to. But as everyone says, the older you get, the longer you want to go on because it gives you so much satisfaction.''' ,'''A lot of the guys who played in the 1995 final for Ajax had been there since the age of 12 or 13. Patrick Kluivert and Edgar Davids had been there from age seven or eight, so I had a lot of catching up to do.''' ,'''Coming to Old Trafford gave me a new lease of life.''' ,'''I share a special bond with Ajax. I think we are a special club. And we're known for our philosophy around the world.''' ,'''I will miss football.''' ,'''Celtic and Ajax are great names in history. They both have great followings all over the world, not just in Holland and Scotland.''' ,'''I'm always quite rational.''' ,'''I want to finish at the top, playing well.''' ,'''For us at Ajax, it is all about football.''' ,'''I know I'm a good goalkeeper.''' ,'''Playing is the biggest thing there is.''' ,'''My career record was 5-2 in penalty shootouts.''' ,'''Of course that's Ajax development, giving young players a chance.''' ,'''I think there are always a lot of rumours about players from Ajax. We develop great players, not only in Amsterdam but hopefully also in Cape Town, and there is interest in a lot of our players, but we like to keep them for as long as possible.''' ,'''I went to Fulham for the project they explained to me - but it didn't really work out. I might have been playing at a high level for the national team, but I was starting to miss those European nights and challenging for titles.''' ,'''Everybody doubts themselves. Every writer doubts themselves, every artist doubts himself, and every football player does.''' ,'''Sometimes I miss European football.''' ,'''You don't need only your strikers. You need your defenders to be on top of their game. You need a midfield to work hard and track back, and I suppose you need a goalkeeper who makes saves once in a while.''' ,'''At Ajax, Juventus, and with Holland, I have played with top teams, and now I want to use my experience to reach the same goal with Fulham.''' ,'''Off the field, Ronaldo was also focusing on everything extensively, such as resting up properly and strengthening his body. After training sessions, he would often work on his free-kicks and then come to me and say, 'Edwin, can you go in goal?'''' ,'''You try and learn from clubs where you have been or actions clubs are taking to grow in certain markets, and that, for myself, is also important.''' ,'''We accept that, in one way now, if you are 27, 28 and still playing for Ajax, you are probably not good enough for the top of Europe because players want to go to the top in Europe.''' ,'''As a striker, all you want to do is score.''' ,'''Diehards know what Ajax is about, but you always need a new following, and if you are not successful, it is difficult.''' ,'''Ajax always bring through young players from their academy - we can't pay €20m for a player, so we make sure we develop those players and give them the opportunity to play.''' ,'''You get confidence when you get on a roll. When you are not struggling, and you get your players back, it is bound to make everyone feel better about themselves.''' ,'''I think, on one end, we need to understand that goalkeeping is an art and is also a very important position to have in your club.''' ,'''I am not worried about being a legend, like Solskjaer; you do your bit, and that's what counts.''' ,'''All things evolve, and European football needs to evolve as well.''' ,'''Every flaw you have or lapse of concentration can cost you a goal, so you have to be on your toes every minute of the game.''' ,'''The Dutch league is not one of the strongest five leagues in the world, or even Europe, and that's why it is difficult to maintain.''' ,'''I don't hate the idea of retirement. I am looking forward to it.''' ,'''We want to bring our own players through. That is what people like about Ajax.''' ,'''For everyone, the World Cup is important. It doesn't matter if you are 21, going for your first one, or 35 and going for your third one. It's the biggest stage you can play on, and every opportunity to experience it is something special.''' ,'''Ajax has always been about homegrown players developed in a small country.''' ,'''You see the strength of the Spanish league, the Premier League, Germany, France, and Italy. The TV revenues are so much higher in those countries.''' ,'''As a goalkeeper, I needed good players around me. I needed Nemanja Vidic, Cristiano Ronaldo, and Wayne Rooney. It's the same as a CEO.''' ,'''When I see the kind of passion Sir Alex shows, it is hard to believe he is about to celebrate his 71st birthday.''' ,'''You hope to bring your 'A Game' to any game, and of course you do in a final. You hope to bring experience, fitness, communication skills, motivational skills.''' ,'''It's hard to put your faith in youngsters, but Ajax have always done that.''' ,'''It's great to have people talking about the club again, to reinvent and get to know Ajax again.''' ,'''I was in two successive European finals early in my career, so initially, you think that sort of thing is going to happen regularly. Then suddenly, it dries up, and before you know it, 13 years have passed before you get your next chance.''' ,'''You have to get your motivation from within, and it doesn't matter if you lose in the quarters, the semis, or the final. You must want to have another chance of winning the trophy.''' ,'''It's hard for the older boys to play twice a week, so it's important for everyone in the squad to play their part.''' ,'''I would like Ajax to be people's favourite second team. Like in Spain, if you are a Real Madrid fan, then you can't be a Barcelona supporter. It's the same in Italy. But you can be an Ajax fan.''' ,'''When I was 18, I never expected to be what I was - you hope to make your debut, to play for the national team, and I want to achieve something similar off the pitch to what I did on the pitch.''' ,'''I'm not going back to Amsterdam, though it would be very comfortable there with Frank de Boer, Danny Blind, and Dennis Bergkamp. When I left 12 years ago, I said I would return, but I did not know then what great years I would have with Manchester United. I might occasionally visit training with them, but I will not be going regularly.''' ,'''I am delighted to have signed for Manchester United, one of the most famous clubs in the world.''' ,'''Running a marathon is unlike anything I have done. You can recall all those bad weights sessions or the work you had to do in pre-season, but marathon running is worse than any of it, probably the hardest thing I have had to do in my entire life.''' ,'''Jean Tigana wants to go to the top with Fulham, and I like that ambition.''' ,'''As a goalkeeper, you always expect every team to give you nightmares.''' ,'''I always said I wanted to finish my career back at Ajax, but I didn't think I was going to play for so long at such a high level, so that's not going to happen now.''' ,'''I think England's always good at making something special.''' ,'''You know you're in for a tough time if you're trailing and the other teams are doing well.''' ,'''I can't sleep at night when I think about the FA Cup!''' ,'''At certain times, you start to - maybe not lose the faith - but just wonder how long it will take until someone picks me up. I was thinking, 'Is it just me? Do I think I'm better than any manager does?'''' ,'''It is almost impossible to orchestrate the farewell you desire. That is something only a few people manage to do.''' ,'''It's always best if you can leave with a good memory.''' ,'''Nothing can replicate the thrill of making a great save at an away ground, or hearing your own fans cheering you, or the atmosphere when you score a goal or win a big game.''' ,'''I have won things in my career, and people ask why that's not enough. But there can always be more.''' ,'''Personally, I don't think about the things I have won but the things I have lost.''' ,'''If you have a love for sport, everybody knows the success of Madrid in the '60s, Ajax in the '70s, Bayern Munich, and so on.''' ,'''I remember that, often, Mike Phelan would just nip down to the touchline for a message to one or two players. It was usually just a tactical thing. But when Sir Alex comes to the touchline, all the players know that it's serious stuff.''' ,'''The leagues in the countries around us are probably more interesting and played at a higher level, but in general, we are happy with the way we have moved things forward with Ajax, together with Marc Overmars as technical director, to establish a squad that can compete at the highest level.''' ,'''Personally, I would never criticise a player in public.''' ,'''I'm just not very rock n' roll.''' ,'''If you win, everyone asks what's your secret, when most of the time you did exactly the same in the ones you lost.''' ,'''I've never had the experience of 10 years at Unilever and five years at Coca Cola. But I'm not the marketing director who only wants 25 per cent a year on the revenues. In the old days, you sold something, and you would be happy. At Ajax, we thought we needed more from that than selling a seat and making five grand.''' ,'''I accept that I didn't play very well in Italy for the two years. It was lower than my Ajax standard. I don't know why.''' ,'''A lot of clubs have lost the perspective of what is a football club.''' ,'''Every time I hear that Champions League song, it reminds me of hearing it for the first time in the old Olympic Stadium in Amsterdam.''' ,'''I didn't find it hard to settle at United because there was a great bunch of players, great staff, and a good atmosphere at the club.''' ,'''The most time players get off is during the international breaks.''' ,'''We need a solution for European football. You need to help smaller clubs in European competitions get the right distribution of money so they can invest in coaches and attract talent for the level they can play at.''' ,'''I've been the captain at Ajax and once for the national team - it's nice and makes you an important player.''' ,'''I don't think there was a single United player from 2009 who could say he gave it everything and played well.''' ,]
+++