+++
author = "Vincent Kompany"
title = "Vincent Kompany Quotes"
quotes_len = "94"
description = "the best 94 Vincent Kompany Quotes"
keywords = "vincent kompany,vincent kompany quotes,vincent kompany quote,vincent kompany sayings,vincent kompany saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I kind of almost get enjoyment out of adversity in life.''' ,'''There is one thing that is stronger than everything, and it is the colour of the shirt that you wear, and that is who you'll back.''' ,'''Brussels is sort of a mini London in the sense that if you think about putting a football pitch in London, people laugh at you. There is just no space.''' ,'''I'd rather give up most of my wealth to have the guarantee that I can carry on working for the rest of my life.''' ,'''I never thought I could enjoy all this wealth without putting it to good use.''' ,'''It's a mistake to think that there's a difference between someone on the street and someone not on the street.''' ,'''It's great to know that you can rely on anyone.''' ,'''I'm an adopted Mancunian. This city has grown on me. I have a wife from Manchester and have three kids who think they are more Mancuniuan than anything else, which is a problem I need to address!''' ,'''It's funny: one of the strongest parts of my game today is heading, and that only really developed when I started playing at the professional level. In the youth teams, all we did was passing.''' ,'''I would say Pep Guardiola's No. 1 quality is that he sees the technical and tactical aspect of a game really fast.''' ,'''As long as I feel that inner strength, I'll be all right.''' ,'''Only the very best clubs are able to pass the baton of continuity down through the generations.''' ,'''My motivation has always been high. I've never doubted myself.''' ,'''When there's pressure on the ball, you can go man-to-man on your striker; you've got the advantage because the ball pressure means it'll be a difficult pass to play.''' ,'''Knife crime isn't an issue that's going to go away just because of repression and police action. Of course we need to support the forces, but it's linked to prevention, and prevention often comes through education.''' ,'''Being a successful team is maybe not enough. It's about setting a standard, not just for ourselves but also for the youth that is coming through at Manchester City.''' ,'''If you talk to a top accountant about his field of expertise, it's mind-boggling.''' ,'''I find football much more powerful than what grown-ups want it to be. It's a community to me; it's something very meaningful in the life of many, many people and especially the youth. And, therefore, I think it can bring social cohesion.''' ,'''You can't compare Barcelona and Bayern Munich to Manchester City.''' ,'''We've had a humble upbringing. You know, my father came through as a political refugee; my mother comes from a hard-working-farmers family. We've had humble upbringing.''' ,'''I don't want to change how I am, how I play, so if it means taking more risks, it's always going to be the case, and that's fine for me.''' ,'''Racism is felt the most definitely in grassroots football.''' ,'''I just enjoy training. I enjoy being there, enjoy coming into games and training sessions where I can feel that I'm as good or better than the players I have to play against or with.''' ,'''I've been living in England for a while, and I am still trying to figure out why we have Great Britain playing the Olympics together and England in football.''' ,'''You win the mental war when you have success. You lose it when you don't have success.''' ,'''I don't think that people understand enough about each other's cultures any more.''' ,'''Football is so intense you don't have time to sit back and look at what you have achieved.''' ,'''Every club you sign for, they give you the same pitch - 'We've got a big project, big ambitions. We want to achieve this and that. We want to kick on' - and I just happen to be lucky that City was the one club that didn't lie about it.''' ,'''I don't think you can underestimate the impact of the gaffer.''' ,'''I remember having a discussion at some stage and saying a coffee machine would do well in the training ground. Everyone was like, 'No, in England, we drink tea.' I was like, 'OK, I was just saying that I think coffee works as well.' Next thing you know, after the international break, we had this massive coffee machine come in from Nespresso.''' ,'''Chelsea are one of the most exciting teams in the Premier League.''' ,'''Someone might come close to dying, and they'll enjoy life much more than everyone else. I came close to the death of my sports career, and I enjoy everything coming my way.''' ,'''Pep's tactical and technical assessments are like nothing I've ever seen before, and I think that's why people enjoy to see him fail.''' ,'''Within my first year of moving abroad living on my own, my sister got ill - she got cancer - and at the same time, my mum got cancer, and she passed away. I think at that time it was a hard challenge for me to deal with it, but in a way, I have always taken strength out of anything that has come at me.''' ,'''Youth is always the future of any country.''' ,'''Everybody is different. Some players need a lot of rest and just be at home.''' ,'''I remember always going to the train station where I grew up, and on the wall was written, 'The real wealth of a nation is diversity of cultures.' Where I grew up, that's what I saw, and that's what I believe in as well - and I still believe it.''' ,'''I've worked extremely hard. There's always that part that people don't see, the things you do behind the scenes.''' ,'''When City came calling, I researched the club, but when I first came through the door, it was weird: it was a big club but at the same time a small club.''' ,'''I kind of press pause when it's a derby, and the season doesn't matter to me anymore; it's all about the derby.''' ,'''I've been very lucky - I don't come from a privileged upbringing.''' ,'''On any longball, people try to outjump each other. I don't mind a big jump, but to be honest, the only thing you have to do is fight for the spot where the ball is going to land.''' ,'''Once you achieve a goal and you are on that high, you have to consciously pull yourself in to say, 'I need to have the same hunger and desire as when I had nothing.' That's the hardest thing to do in life. That is getting challenged every single day once you win titles.''' ,'''I was extremely competitive, so for me becoming a footballer was not necessarily because it was about being the best - it was about winning.''' ,'''I have been part of very successful City teams, but it was never at the end of a dominant season that we were able to win a title.''' ,'''When I read or study, I don't do it for the degree - if I fail, it doesn't matter, but it just takes me out of this world where you're the centre of attention all the time. You just become a normal bloke when you're setting yourself those kinds of targets.''' ,'''I'm kind of the wrong guy to bet against.''' ,'''When I was coming through, I had very little support from the older players. I always said to myself that if I make it, I never want to be that kind of person. I have a passion for seeing young players develop, so every young player who comes into the first team, I am willing to listen. I will give him everything I have.''' ,'''The main thing for me is to consider sport at an equal level as you would consider mathematics or poetry at school. It's another place where you can send your kids; they can have fun, but you can expect them to have good teachers, and you can expect them to progress.''' ,'''What we experience in the Premier League is so intense.''' ,'''I think people generally have a good heart and the intention to help.''' ,'''Once I finish playing, I'm still a Manchester City player for the rest of my life. That won't change.''' ,'''Belgium's 1986 team is like the Christmas movie that they bring out every single year. That World Cup is something we get to see and hear about all the time. It is part of our general education in Belgium.''' ,'''I want my kids to go and see the world and understand they are privileged, but it doesn't mean they don't have the right to speak up and see what is happening.''' ,'''Funnily enough, I think Gary Neville is very interesting... and talks a lot of sense.''' ,'''If a team prepares well, a good team becomes even better.''' ,'''What annoys me most is it is so easy to focus on negatives all the time. All you hear is a lot of people - whether it is industry leaders or politicians - complaining about everything. I don't deny things are not always perfect, but the stage it gets is huge compared with the simple things that make people happy, like winning a football match.''' ,'''When I was a kid, it was very common to go places and get racially abused, starting from age six all the way up until you got into the first team.''' ,'''One thing I am sure about Manchester is that people are proud of their history. They are proud of their football, music, the industrial revolution, and all the amazing things that were invented here.''' ,'''It doesn't take a lot to imagine what City means to me: it's been my life for the last almost ten years now. I'm grateful for what the club has given me, and I've given everything to the club.''' ,'''I have dreamed of Brazil all my life. As a child, I had videos of Brazil, of their World Cup wins, of Pele, and of all the big players.''' ,'''Many players win the league for the first time, and they come back, and it's something you have to feel, to see in their eyes if things have changed or not.''' ,'''I was desperate to leave Hamburg. The club was awesome, don't get me wrong, but I had a personal issue with one of the board members. He was desperate to get me out. The first club came calling, and it was Man City.''' ,'''When I was a kid in my neighborhood, there was nobody that supported Belgium. It was impossible and unthinkable because there was nothing they could relate to.''' ,'''As wealthy as you are, nothing, nothing, nothing guarantees you that through a breakdown of relationship, your kids won't end up on the streets. It's nothing to do with wealth: sometimes it can be down to other things, like the breakdown of relationships.''' ,'''I think, mainly, you always look to keep your strong points in the team.''' ,'''A win is a win, whether you do it the difficult way or the easy way.''' ,'''I am 100% Congolese and 100% Belgian. I am very proud of it.''' ,'''Guardiola has come to City with a very unique style. And he wants to continue that philosophy. We had to work to adapt to his style.''' ,'''I'll be connected with City for the rest of my life - as a fan, as an employee, as an ambassador. Whatever City decide or I decide, it's not something we can undo. We're tied to each other for life.''' ,'''I think that's the reason why I'm proud to play for Belgium - because I can take ownership. I'm not saying that I'm not proud of being Congolese as well - but I'm saying this is also my country, and anything that happens in my country, I want to have a say.''' ,'''My mum was always more pushing me towards the academic side; she wasn't really interested in me having a professional football career.''' ,'''Our generation has been described as a golden generation. I hate that term.''' ,'''I'm someone who takes on information quite well, so there's maybe a path into management. But I see what successful managers have to go through to get to that level - it's a completely different ball game - so I think I'll cross that bridge when I get there.''' ,'''I love the derby because of the banter and rivalry. If you live outside of Manchester, you can take it out of context sometimes, where you can think it's all hate, and I don't think it is.''' ,'''I will say it loud and clear: at Manchester City, it is all about what you choose to look at. If you look at the money spent on players, you will only ever see that side of City. If you look at the bigger plan, which is investment in the community, facilities, and youth teams, you realise there is heart and soul in this club.''' ,'''The biggest pass for a defender is a pass forward.''' ,'''Maybe from the outside, Belgium looks complicated to understand, but from the inside, actually, every country is complicated.''' ,'''Sometimes it goes your way, and sometimes it doesn't. It's part of what football is about.''' ,'''The goal, being bold about it, is to stop homelessness in Manchester. I've been in this community for 11 years now - my wife Carla is from Manchester, the kids are Mancs, born and bred - so homelessness is not an issue we can shy away from.''' ,'''When you come so many times to the end of your career, you understand that you have to appreciate every moment. It's the story of life.''' ,'''Ultimately if you can win playing a certain way, then why not do it?''' ,'''Whichever work you do, people go through life having several priorities. I know my football is what got me here. The work I do for SOS or my charity work in general has always been a priority for me, and then my family is a priority as well, so you set yourself different things, and they just balance each other out.''' ,'''There is a lot of talent and a lot of good things happening and coming from Molenbeek, but unfortunately, it has had to deal with a very, very long time of being ignored, really, and it was very easy, even in the neighbourhood where I grew up, to just fall off the grid, and nobody would notice it.''' ,'''Everyone in Manchester in general has a positive mindset.''' ,'''Over the past decade, I've been lucky to have witnessed and played a part in Manchester City's rise as a club and a brand.''' ,'''I want to be involved as a fan, as a player, as a manager, as a technical director, as a groundsman. It doesn't matter. Whichever way the club sees me helping them out, I'll always be around.''' ,'''I'm not worried about getting extra game time, extra minutes, and all this kind of stuff that so many other players will worry about.''' ,'''I've been able to come back at a high level which is something I'm happy about, not just stand on the pitch but able to perform as well.''' ,'''You can't win every game playing fantasy football.''' ,'''I've received much from Manchester - a great career at the highest level, unconditional support from the fans through thick and thin, a lovely family, and so much more to be grateful for.''' ,'''We can't always wait on the government to sort out all issues. I think they set policies, they set the rules, but we all have a duty to help as much as we can.''' ,'''You are not guaranteed to be part of that story if you don't perform.''' ,'''I always believe that luck and faith will be on my side more than the other side.''' ,]
+++