+++
author = "Heather Morris"
title = "Heather Morris Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Heather Morris Quotes"
keywords = "heather morris,heather morris quotes,heather morris quote,heather morris sayings,heather morris saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Like most dancers, I love lip stains! We hate gloss because hair gets stuck in it.''' ,'''Implants were something I thought I wanted when I was younger, and now I don't. It was hard being active with them, because my chest was always sore. It hurt a lot, and I didn't like always being in pain, so they had to go!''' ,'''You don't want to be too cool. But you don't want to be too dorky. Still, I find it so much better to see a guy at a club being a dork, and having fun, than trying to be sexy.''' ,'''Dancing was my sport when I was younger. So I chose that over everything. And then, I just had to keep going because it became a competitive thing. But I'm not trying to impress anyone anymore. Dancing is more like my art, now.''' ,'''There were ten dancers - four guys and six girls - including me, on the Beyonce tour. Sometimes we would go out with her, to events. She was really normal - just like everybody else!''' ,'''I go through different phases and change my mind about my style all the time. In the winter, I wanted to wear jeans and pumps and black and leather all the time. Right now, I want to wear long skirts and belts, with my hair in a ponytail. It changes all the time!''' ,'''You know what's really hot? Pop-and-locking, ticking. The moonwalk. Tricks like that.''' ,'''I am thrilled FLIRT! tapped into me to be their new Style Ambassador. I love FLIRT! products because they help me express my own personal style - especially when I want to stand out on set or in the crowd. What could be more fun than getting to play with makeup and fragrance and tell people all about it!''' ,'''I'm pretty gutsy. Dancers don't think about things; they just do them.''' ,'''The simplest way to do something cool is the cross-turn. Like in the '80s - Michael Jackson did it. You jump and cross your legs together at the same time, and then spin out of it. That's it.''' ,'''My dad passed away before my freshman year, and it altered how I thought. I was depressed - I didn't hang out with my friends. I worked through it by dancing.''' ,'''I love looking in the mirror and feeling good about what I see.''' ,'''I had a serious boyfriend in high school, but we would take breaks in between. You shouldn't always have a boyfriend!''' ,'''Beyonce was just always full-out. She's like a beast. So you learn that no matter how you feel, just do it. Just like Nike: 'Just Do It.'''' ,'''I love to wear red lipstick a lot, even in the daytime.''' ,'''I guess because I'm so young, I m not sure of what lies ahead for me. I'm more into going the route of producing and directing. I just made a little short film. I'm more excited about going the route of doing a Drew Barrymore or... what's the one from 'Star Wars?'''' ,'''I carry one black mascara and one brown.''' ,'''Me and my roommate wrote and directed a little short comedy called 'The Elevator.'''' ,'''I try to eat how your mother wanted you to eat when you were young.''' ,'''I can't live without my dark plum eyeliner. I use liquid because it's easier on my eyes.''' ,'''I put on lip balm first thing in the morning and always use it before I swipe on my red lipstick.''' ,'''I've wanted to perform my entire life. I found a paper I wrote in kindergarten class about what I wanted to be when I grew up - and I wrote 'a famous singer!'''' ,'''I want to make everybody laugh.''' ,'''Flirt!'s mascara is insane - I don't need false lashes when I wear it.''' ,]
+++