+++
author = "Luke Shaw"
title = "Luke Shaw Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Luke Shaw Quotes"
keywords = "luke shaw,luke shaw quotes,luke shaw quote,luke shaw sayings,luke shaw saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I want to play football. I'm not just here to pick up my salary and do nothing. I'm young, I'm still 23 and still have a very long career, and I want to play games.''' ,'''I can't keep sitting on the bench and letting my life go on, smoking a cigar and not doing anything. It's not me. I want to be playing football.''' ,'''I live with my best friends from school, four of us. Some people might think we're always partying but it isn't a party house.''' ,'''You don't want to think too much of the past, you just want to focus on what's coming up and the games coming thick and fast.''' ,'''I'd heard other players talking about dark times when they were trying to get back from bad injuries.''' ,'''I want to earn a contract. I don't want a contract because in the next year I'm a free agent, so they might look to tie me down.''' ,'''People can say I'm fat but I know my own body. I always look big because I'm bigger built - I've got that Wayne Rooney type of body.''' ,'''The psychologist was a real positive and I benefited strongly from using him.''' ,'''In periods when everything was going really well I may have taken my foot off the pedal and got comfortable where I was at, not carrying on to the next level.''' ,'''I've been unlucky because I've had a few ups and downs with different managers but I would say I've never been out of shape.''' ,'''I could hardly walk for six months, never mind play football. I was limping for so long. I was walking with crutches - as in, properly walking - after about the first month because I thought it was much better to put my body weight on and build up the strength.''' ,'''When I'm fit, I'm so confident because you know you can do all the runs and be aggressive like the manager wants.''' ,'''After the leg break it was a very tough time. I'd be lying if I said I hadn't sometimes thought about stopping playing football.''' ,'''I'm always learning, especially with the different formations. It will help me in the long run to maybe become a forward player - on the wing or something.''' ,'''I guess you've just got to take it because there is always going to be negative criticism and positive. But I think both of them can make you stronger.''' ,'''But if I'd flown back, I would probably have lost my leg because of the blood clots. I've got two scars down the side of my leg where they had to cut me open and pull them out.''' ,'''I'm a player coming into Manchester United, I've got to adapt like every other, no matter how old I am.''' ,'''My family brought me up very well. I'm not one to boast, I'm more relaxed and focused on what I need to do.''' ,]
+++