+++
author = "Tyler Posey"
title = "Tyler Posey Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Tyler Posey Quotes"
keywords = "tyler posey,tyler posey quotes,tyler posey quote,tyler posey sayings,tyler posey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I mean, people don't know what race I am. They never know if I'm Hawaiian or Italian or Mexican or Spanish or white. I could play Jewish, I could play anything.''' ,'''I can't believe I have an ex-fiancee.''' ,'''On my mom's side I'm Mexican, and my dad is a white dude.''' ,'''Acting is all I know; being on a set is all I know.''' ,'''As open as you can be about it and as willing as you want to kind of experiment with therapy, you still have to find the right person that speaks to you and feels like a good fit for you.''' ,'''I tell a lot of fart and poop jokes. I can't help it. I have no filter, and it just comes out.''' ,'''I love doing stunts.''' ,'''I get tattooed a lot.''' ,'''I used to get typecast when I was younger.''' ,'''I want to put everything in my career.''' ,'''When you play a character for so long, it's easy to get disengaged, and it becomes mundane and routine.''' ,'''I've thought about it, but I don't think I'd ever get a 'Teen Wolf' tattoo, and I don't know why.''' ,'''I grew up playing music, ever since I was 10 years old.''' ,'''I grew up with lacrosse in my life because my dad played lacrosse all throughout college, so I grew up with the gear in my house - like the sticks, the helmet.''' ,'''You know I don't care about what I eat. I love food so much, I can't affect the way I eat.''' ,'''I want to relate to my fans as much as possible.''' ,'''The best thing about it is getting it all out there. Whatever you have on your chest, it just feels really good to talk to somebody who you have no ties to... so I think therapy is great. I think everyone should try it out.''' ,'''I love the cast of 'Teen Wolf,' and I try to keep in touch with them as much as possible.''' ,'''The music I write is very melodic, very catchy, and fast.''' ,'''Whenever I have too much downtime, I start to get sad.''' ,'''You've gotta have a healthy balance of keeping your eye on how much money is in your account and making sure that it can sustain a healthy, happy life.''' ,'''When my mom passed, it hit us hard. She was the glue that held our family together.''' ,'''I was never really unpopular in high school.''' ,'''A fantasy of mine is being pulled up onstage by one of my favorite bands and singing or playing an instrument with them.''' ,'''After everything I've been through, I've realized I can do anything I put my mind to. And I want to do it all.''' ,'''Keeping busy keeps me sane.''' ,'''I've struggled a lot with therapy because it's got a stigma to it, and also, it's really gotta work for you, I've found.''' ,'''Taking even one therapy session is just one step in the right direction to getting help and getting better, so I think it's great. I love it. I've convinced a lot of my friends to get into therapy, and they've given it a shot. Sometimes it's not for everybody at that time.''' ,'''My whole life is punk.''' ,'''Whenever something good comes up that sounds like I could be part of the project, my manager and my agents send me in on it.''' ,'''Every season of 'Teen Wolf' was really cool and exciting and unique, but there was just something about the first season story-wise that was, I think, the coolest.''' ,'''I'm a big fan of zombies, and I have a zombie tattoo on my leg.''' ,'''Life is weird and complex but very simple at the same time. It's all about perception.''' ,'''I'd love to be a rockstar.''' ,'''I'm not some weirdo who wants to take off his shirt.''' ,'''Whenever I Instagram or Vine something of myself, I like to go extreme and be crazy and silly.''' ,'''I took Spanish in high school and I didn't do too well in it. My Spanish teacher told me not to go on with Spanish anymore, so I was discouraged a little bit.''' ,]
+++