+++
author = "Emma Hayes"
title = "Emma Hayes Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Emma Hayes Quotes"
keywords = "emma hayes,emma hayes quotes,emma hayes quote,emma hayes sayings,emma hayes saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The best players aren't going to America, they're staying in Europe and in fact they're coming to England.''' ,'''It had always been about America, but now, sorry, they lag behind us. English football's time is coming.''' ,'''People are getting used to women's football on their screens, so as long as the quality of the product is high, we'll draw fans to the sport.''' ,'''I just hope we do start to see more females coaching teams like you see across American sports.''' ,'''I was always the minibus driver. I was always the one carrying the balls and the cones.''' ,'''It was so bizarre. I've never accepted a job as quickly as I accepted the Chelsea one. I said yes, I'll do it, I didn't even ask about the money. I just thought: this is my calling.''' ,'''We've heard so much about introducing the Rooney Rule but I don't hear enough conversations about putting in place things so that females can get interviews.''' ,'''Players that don't play aren't ever happy.''' ,'''As coaches we want everything.''' ,'''I'm a merit-based person.''' ,'''You can't always be on top and dominant throughout.''' ,'''I'm not afraid of Wolfsburg and I know my dressing room is not.''' ,'''The football world needs to live by its promises and live by the diversity codes. They need to be promoting opportunities for the less privileged. That's what I want to see.''' ,'''Changing leaders is something that's pretty normal in our environment, and as we always know with geese, they're extremely loyal to their cause.''' ,'''I am an advocate of playing in big stadiums.''' ,'''I just don't know why anyone would ever think that women's football is a step down and that coaching World Cup champions, winners, players that have represented their countries in the Olympics or European championships is a step down from anything.''' ,'''That's a big part of who I am - developing mentality, mindsets.''' ,'''I want success for so many people. I couldn't give a crap about myself.''' ,'''There's no better platform than to be with Sky. Sky will bring the elevation that the women's game needs. It's a partner that is taking women's sport very seriously and football tops that agenda.''' ,'''Would I love to go and get out of here and have a couple of months preparing, I don't know, anywhere in sunshine? Yes. But I think while I'm under employment with Chelsea, I think to talk about another job, even if it was short-term, and I haven't been asked, I think it is so disrespectful.''' ,'''I snuck an hour to watch Bielsa on YouTube, I love that guy. I watched a video of him talking about tactics and formations against Brazil and I absolutely loved it.''' ,'''I might have some performance psychology support for individuals but... the best psychologist is the coach.''' ,'''Scores of little girls are going to run into school the following day and say, 'Did you see Fran Kirby last night?' That for me is as important as winning the game.''' ,'''Everybody knows Man City and Chelsea is always a fiercely competitive game.''' ,'''But I'm grateful for everything I've got and I think that's part of my working-class background.''' ,'''Every team goes into every season aspiring for every trophy.''' ,'''It's important for everyone's mental health they go home at Christmas. I don't want to tell any player they can't.''' ,'''When I was 17 I did a B License and had no opportunities in the U.K. so I opted to go abroad and work in America for 10 years where the understanding of female coaches was very different to England.''' ,'''I am manager at Chelsea. I manage and represent elite and world class players and this for me is an amazing job I've spent nine years cultivating all my energy into. I'm not looking for another job.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of Brian Clough. I might be his female equivalent but I'm quite happy with that.''' ,'''There's nothing more joyful than when a player, who you don't know if they are going to be able to cut it at the top level, gets their head down and puts everything into their career.''' ,'''I'll never forget, Jill Ellis, the U.S. national team coach, texted me and said: 'Welcome to the coaching fraternity, you haven't coached unless you've been fired.' It was the most powerful thing anyone could have told me. Of course it hurt like hell, but it was an important learning curve.''' ,'''I empathize with players. In our culture it is all about strategies and interventions to help the individual based on their individual needs. It is not just about supplements or putting painkillers in your mouth. You have to educate yourself about that.''' ,'''Football is for everyone. It's not for the privileged, it's not for the few, it's not for the elite.''' ,'''Football as a profession has a responsibility to modernize. The hope is - if you look at the top organizations in any top professions - you will see that having balance in the workplace is tantamount to successful environments.''' ,'''I share the concerns around the world about everything from a lack of opportunity to groups of people being oppressed.''' ,'''Understanding the menstrual cycle is just one part of the holistic understanding you need to have of your footballers in order to help them prepare.''' ,'''Sometimes it can be that a player is available and you can get them next month - wow, that's a bolt of lightning - but it doesn't happen that often, it really does vary.''' ,'''I am certain Chelsea are world leaders at a team level at what we do. For us it is part of our fabric. It is one of the many tenants that we factor into what helps towards our players becoming successful athletes and a successful team.''' ,'''Fran Kirby, Pernille Harder, Beth England, Magda Eriksson, Millie Bright, Maren Mjelde - do you want me to keep going? These are world class players. Women's football is not a step down from anything.''' ,'''I just want to win. I love winning. It does not bore me.''' ,'''I've been trusted with the responsibility of developing my players. I take that very seriously. Do I care about them? Yes, immensely. If they are troubled, I'm like a parent.''' ,'''You want to win more when you win. That's the thing about winning, it becomes addictive.''' ,'''It came as a great surprise to receive an MBE and it is a true honor for me and my family.''' ,'''The fear of losing is sometimes greater than the will to win.''' ,'''One of the biggest challenges you face as a female manager is getting a foot in the door to be interviewed fairly.''' ,'''Being a parent changes you in life. I am responsible now.''' ,'''Beating Reading's not a shoo-in. They're a good team.''' ,'''When you haven't seen your families for six months, it's really, really tough.''' ,'''Knowledge is always a benefit and to have a better understanding of our player's individual needs will help us.''' ,'''I think the football world needs to wake up and recognize that women, while the game is played by a different gender, it is exactly the same sport and the qualities involved with having to manage that is exactly the same then it would be for a men's team.''' ,'''We need clubs to take risks to hire the right candidates. At the end of the day, there aren't a lot of female coaches that have the top-level license and the coaching experience but that will change.''' ,'''My routine is not being at home with a child all day, mine is with a football team.''' ,'''I love Brian Clough. I grew up in a household that loved him. To go to his home as a manager will be a really special moment for me.''' ,'''I never felt bright enough. I never felt confident. I felt that kid coming out of the council estate, like I was never good enough.''' ,'''Who's to say both English teams can't qualify and meet each other in the final?''' ,'''I'm like everyone, I would hope for a fair and equal society and making great strides to create opportunities for women in the men's game.''' ,'''You don't take anything for granted when you play in the European game because it's so different, sizing each other up takes a game.''' ,'''I'm so proud of myself. I got to this level through my hard work, my determination and I'm fortunate enough to be working for a football club that I adore, that have given me license to do this and I work with a set of players that were always in control, even when I didn't feel like I was!''' ,'''I have a baby in the house, for any parent it is challenging knowing that you have to find different solutions daily, different routines daily.''' ,'''Geese always support each other. When a goose gets injured two birds always accompany it down to the ground. Just as geese do, we must support each other.''' ,'''You can't have that many days off in this business.''' ,'''I don't have a complacent dressing room, thank goodness.''' ,'''Get rid of the Continental Cup. Get rid of it, make more league fixtures.''' ,'''There should be creches for people that work in football clubs. We put long hours in and we don't get to see our children a lot and that's something that I think could be considered within the game.''' ,'''I'm like any other football manager in that respect, we all live in fear of losing our job.''' ,'''We've always had to play second fiddle to the men in European football.''' ,'''We talk about women in football like we are not entitled to the same opportunity and the same access.''' ,'''I had a dream to become Glen Hoddle but never a female equivalent.''' ,'''Football is represented by a diverse society and within that diverse society men's football does not reflect the diverse society that we live in.''' ,'''When the football world is ready to adhere to the diversity codes so that BAME (black, Asian and minority ethnic) communities, plus women, get the opportunities in football then I'll see that as a step forward.''' ,'''I sincerely hope AFC Wimbledon find the right candidate for their football club. The whole point about them not being able to afford me is nothing to do with money, but everything to do with the fact that I'm in the best job in the world. No amount of money is going to tempt me away from that.''' ,'''Ultimately I think clubs, boards, associations have to do more to provide an equal platform for women to get interviews for jobs.''' ,'''Women's football in its right is something to celebrate and the quality and the achievement of all the females I represent, it is an insult to them that we talk about women's football being a step down.''' ,'''I hope and expect there are female coaches out there who are saying they want to do what I do, and if I can play a part in that and when I step away from the game can say 'I was the first,' then I'm proud of that too.''' ,'''As much as trophies matter, leaving something that's built to last is the most important thing to me.''' ,'''Meditation is important - yoga, walking.''' ,'''When you say 'the menopause', people understand; when you say 'periods' to someone, even if they don't understand the mechanisms of it, they will understand. But if you say to someone 'I have endometriosis,' they haven't got a clue what it is. There is such a lack of tying it together with what is normal versus what is not normal with a period.''' ,'''I am happy to play Barcelona in a one-off game, in a neutral venue. Why? Because Spanish teams are tricky.''' ,'''How do you describe the pride you have for the club you represent, for the people you represent?''' ,'''The qualities involved with having to manage are exactly the same as it would be for a men's team. We are talking about human beings.''' ,'''Failure is a really strong word.''' ,'''I think the rest of Europe fear our country and our clubs and they're quite right to do so.''' ,'''I had no ambition to be a football coach. I wanted to be a spy for MI5 or MI6.''' ,'''When I see all the boys in the top jobs across our leagues, I'm like: 'Oh my God, the only woman sitting on top of the pile and I'm only there twice a week!' It's brilliant!''' ,'''Every time I smacked my right foot to the ground I couldn't absorb shock. So no matter what, I've thought about this a lot, it doesn't matter what my life in football would have looked like, it was so traumatic for me that I just couldn't play the game I loved. And I didn't know how to handle that as a teenager.''' ,'''I remember Borehamwood, I remember the home crowd, I remember that special moment looking at all of our friends and family in the crowd because I don't think we could believe we were European champions.''' ,'''I knew I had an unhealthy child, mainly after about the 20th week, so I knew I was battling against it. I did that privately because I think it's important that the team don't deal with that burden - that's my responsibility.''' ,'''I hope I'm a role model for female coaches who are coming through.''' ,'''I am excited for Chelsea's future. Our owner is a big fan of women's football and he's always asking me what he can do to help.''' ,'''When people say: 'What's your biggest achievement?' Giving birth. Forget the rest of it.''' ,'''I have made clear I don't have national-team ambitions.''' ,'''The interest is growing. It's a snowball-effect and I can't see anybody getting in the way of England becoming the best place in the world to play.''' ,'''The Women's Super League is the envy of the world in the women's game because the clubs, the Football Association and the media are so well aligned.''' ,'''I don't know how long I will be coaching for but I don't expect I will go on from Chelsea, Chelsea is my absolute home.''' ,'''I don't like small things, I like big missions.''' ,'''I've shown the players geese videos. I've shown them why geese fly in V formation, what everybody's role is, how geese support each other and, most importantly, why you fly further together. That's the bottom line. Geese wouldn't be able to migrate to the sun without all traveling together. It's the same for us.''' ,'''Winning breeds more winning, that's what I've learnt. Getting on a roll is important.''' ,'''We have to be even more conscious of the things we do on a day-to-day basis and take into consideration the feelings and sensibilities of others.''' ,'''Fortunately I have a good support network around me but am I sitting here and saying to myself: 'Should every football club have a creche?' Yes. I think that's the starting point.''' ,]
+++