+++
author = "Tiffani Thiessen"
title = "Tiffani Thiessen Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Tiffani Thiessen Quotes"
keywords = "tiffani thiessen,tiffani thiessen quotes,tiffani thiessen quote,tiffani thiessen sayings,tiffani thiessen saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Spending time in the kitchen together with my children, it's huge.''' ,'''I'm a pretty big clothes horse. I shop for clothes constantly. I do so much shopping. I should go to Shoppers Anonymous.''' ,'''My love of entertaining and cooking truly came from traveling.''' ,'''My whole thing is I try to balance it as much as possible. I love to enjoy food. I've always said that if I eat healthy during the week, then I give myself more leeway to have some fun on the weekends. And I stick to the gym. I try to go five to six days a week.''' ,'''The people who I enjoy cooking for the most are my family.''' ,'''I have to say, I definitely picked a great guy. I picked a guy who's sweet, kind, and is a hardworking person. He's a great dad; he's a great husband.''' ,'''Being from California, avocado toast is very popular in our house. We have it almost every morning.''' ,'''If you feel like you can't throw a party, just put a timeline together. There are always little things you can do ahead of time - like washing and pressing linens and bringing out your tableware. Check them off as you complete them.''' ,'''I've always loved to cook, and then my love of it just grew as I got older and started traveling and started entertaining.''' ,'''My husband is one of those guys who just loves sandwiches - breakfast, lunch, or dinner!''' ,'''I love being in the kitchen with my daughter right next to me on her step stool. It's sweet; we're connecting.''' ,'''People expect me to be thin and perfect... I'm not.''' ,'''I never went to a high school prom. I went to a junior high prom, but I never had the high school prom. It was all fake and on TV.''' ,'''Seeing our kids' beautiful, colorful art hung on the wall brightens my heart and our home.''' ,'''I'm not a person who does the same thing every day. It's kind of how I feel about food - I can't eat the same thing every day.''' ,'''If you have young kids, around 3 o'clock is a good time for a party because naps are over, and little ones can eat an early dinner.''' ,'''I can't whistle. My husband makes fun of me for that.''' ,'''I have more zits now than I did as a teenager. Stress zits.''' ,'''I really try to plan out my dinners in advance.''' ,'''My dog and two cats are such a vital part of my life. To say that I am their owner doesn't reflect at all the profound bond and responsibility that I have towards them.''' ,'''My husband and I have very similar desires when we're entertaining. We want everybody to feel comfortable and welcome, to know they can kick off their shoes and be able to come right in.''' ,'''Food can change your mood. It's almost like music a little bit, you know? It can break a fight. It could calm a child down. It could do so many things, and that's what I love.''' ,'''Our family is very art driven. We all love to create.''' ,'''I don't think you understand what a job really is when you're a teenager.''' ,'''I give advice to anybody who asks.''' ,'''I'm sorry, but neon just doesn't look good on anybody!''' ,'''I try to plan our meals for the week on Sunday.''' ,'''I've loved food since I was little.''' ,'''I try to use a balance of the 80/20 percent, where 80 percent of the time I'm eating very well, and 20 percent of the time, I'm a little more adventurous.''' ,'''My mom always taught me to be sweet and polite and cross my legs because it's what the guys like. Actually, they like a raunchy girl once in a while.''' ,'''I was tutored all through high school.''' ,'''It's funny - in elementary school, I went by Amber. I never liked Tiffani.''' ,'''Being a mom, it's up and down; it's a little bit of a rollercoaster.''' ,'''I really don't have a career plan. I like being challenged and thrown around. But it's only acting.''' ,'''I've let a lot of my type A personality go. When you have a kid, the messiness doesn't matter anymore.''' ,]
+++