+++
author = "Christine Elise"
title = "Christine Elise Quotes"
quotes_len = "6"
description = "the best 6 Christine Elise Quotes"
keywords = "christine elise,christine elise quotes,christine elise quote,christine elise sayings,christine elise saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are moments in 'Body Snatchers' that touch the sort of thing that I find scary... like isolation and the inability to trust even familiar things. But - is that a horror movie - or a thriller? I don't really know the difference.''' ,'''There are a few images in 'Exorcist 3' that scared me - people crawling on ceilings, etc. - but nothing beats the original. Even the book scared me to death.''' ,'''If I could wave a magic wand and be anything, I'd be a really respected, really successful author. That's a hard combination to get, though. I really enjoy acting, and it's easier, frankly.''' ,'''People with film careers get a whole onslaught of people they spend 12 hours a day with every three months. It's like speed dating. You've got a fast-track to social intimacy with a whole bunch of people.''' ,'''My parents are creative on many fronts, and they pushed me to be that way, too. They wanted me to write, actually.''' ,'''Being a photographer is like listening to music. If you have a camera, by just living your life you're bound to find some things that are worth taking a picture of. You don't have to be an audiophile to have taste in music. It happens through osmosis.''' ,]
+++