+++
author = "Tamron Hall"
title = "Tamron Hall Quotes"
quotes_len = "67"
description = "the best 67 Tamron Hall Quotes"
keywords = "tamron hall,tamron hall quotes,tamron hall quote,tamron hall sayings,tamron hall saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew a reputation for always asking questions and being nosy.''' ,'''The best advice I received came late, and it's this: Don't read the comments section of any story that mentions you!''' ,'''Al Roker is one of the most sensible people you'll ever meet. He's raised two daughters and a son. And I love him, in that as jovial as he is, he's a straight shooter. He's a New Yorker, as they say.''' ,'''I am followed in department stores. I have walked in dressed professionally or dressed in jeans, and I have walked into stores, and instantly, security is on my back.''' ,'''I will never answer that question of what are the challenges I face. You speak it into existence, and I choose to use that air for other things.''' ,'''When I first started out as a young journalist, I know that on at least two occasions, when I walked into a newsroom, I knew I was replacing the black person in that job.''' ,'''I didn't want to be the aunt where you come over and can't sit on the sofa.''' ,'''Every time a young girl comes in and asks me for advice, if you start your conversation with, 'How hard is it as a black woman,' or, 'How hard is it as a woman,' I turn you around. Because I cannot - we cannot look at the roadblocks and see the road at the same time.''' ,'''You understand, in my life, the only other person I spoke with or speak with more than Prince is my mother.''' ,'''I've not given up having a child. But I hope whatever route of parenthood I choose, whether it's adoption or I'm able to conceive, I just hope that I'm able to give someone as beautiful a life as my parents gave me.''' ,'''I think when I first straightened my hair, I was a teenager. I don't believe that I was consciously doing it to look white or to be on television. It never crossed my mind. All of the girls in my neighborhood got perms and their hair straightened. But I know that historically it was to assimilate and there are some people who do it for that reason.''' ,'''It's a tough town, it's a loving town, it's a supportive town, and that's why so many great news people, journalists have come through Chicago or are from Chicago.''' ,'''I quite enjoy cooking. I love cooking for my friends. It's communal, it reminds me of being with family, and it's also a form of therapy; it heals you from the inside out.''' ,'''When I was a general assignment reporter early in my career, I was the one knocking on their door after a tragedy.''' ,'''Everything I ask is a question from Tamron, like it or not. My team does not write my questions. We put together a segment. We talk about the elements that I want, but we have a conversation for that hour with our guests.''' ,'''We are presented with a unique situation in the black community in that we have embraced the beauty of hip hop, the real rawness of it, the real fun of it, but we also have to address the damage it has done. We have to look at what it's done to our black girls, especially when it comes to domestic violence.''' ,'''The troops aren't red and blue. They're not black and white. They're not male and female. They are Americans! When they put their uniforms on, they are Americans. And that's a fact.''' ,'''Victims and survivors deserve more than a person seeking a headline.''' ,'''It's not my job to judge or assess. I think single, black, white, married - people are doing the best they can.''' ,'''I love Chicago. I wouldn't be where I am now, and I certainly wouldn't have the confidence that I hope that I project, if I'd not lived in Chicago.''' ,'''The thread that has always connected my family was the news.''' ,'''Looking back, I've always enjoyed hearing about the lives of other people, their experience through their jobs, their lives, and their children. It's always been a treat to hear about others.''' ,'''Trust me: I do hit the snooze button about 4 times.''' ,'''We all have roadblocks; we all have challenges.''' ,'''I love edgy comedy. 'Coming to America' still gets me and 'Friday.' I watch old Richard Pryor stand-up on VHS, too.''' ,'''When I was a kid growing up, I always thought I would be a journalist, and I thought, you know, I'd cover stories about other people, and we're always taught never to make the story about yourself.''' ,'''I remember reading the cruelest, most awful thing about my hair online. A person speculated about who I was as a person and even read into my personal life based solely off my hairstyle. He or she said I must be lazy because I have short hair. It was just devastating.''' ,'''I laugh about it all the time, but, for whatever reason, a lot of people think that I wear a wig. I get emails and tweets about people commenting on my hair being a wig. It's one of the strangest but most entertaining things I've read about myself online.''' ,'''The two things that I require for anyone who's around me: you need to love food, and you need to be able to laugh.''' ,'''I mask every single day. I mask every morning - since I was 27 years old. I don't care the brand: it can be from the drugstore or high end. I can be walking my dog in the mask scaring children and people off, but it's my routine that I commit to every single day.''' ,'''I'm proud of my hard work. Working hard won't always lead to the exact things we desire. There are many things I've wanted that I haven't always gotten. But, I have a great satisfaction in the blessings from my mother and father, who instilled a great work ethic in me both personally and professionally.''' ,'''I'm definitely a foodie.''' ,'''I love Jidenna and Leon Bridges.''' ,'''It used to upset me - now it makes me sad - to see people use patriotism and our troops as a pawn in their political argument. Because I know personally, growing up in a military family, the sacrifice that is made on a daily basis.''' ,'''So I have people who tweet and ask me, 'You can't be this happy all the time. You can't be this cheerful.' Well, yes I am. From where I've come from and my family and what I see as real struggles in day to day life, through my reporting. I'm never going to look at challenges.''' ,'''We all have these challenges and stereotypes that exist, but you can't let that hold you down... If that's the first thing you think about as a black woman - the challenge that lies ahead - you are thinking in the wrong direction, in my opinion.''' ,'''On career day as a young journalist, I scraped up my money and went to this big conference for young journalists, and the great feedback I got was that I would not or should not become an anchor because my eyelashes were too long and too distracting.''' ,'''When I came to MSNBC, its identity as the place for politics was growing.''' ,'''I love my job and my relationship with the viewers who watch my shows.''' ,'''I am a gummy bear fanatic.''' ,'''My dad was in the Army, so what was happening internationally and nationally was always important to my family.''' ,'''Women, teenagers, we have to really empower each other.''' ,'''I've been given an opportunity to make a difference.''' ,'''I take it seriously that it's a privilege and honor to be a role model to young girls, both black and white. It's not something I take lightly.''' ,'''I have three incredible nieces and a nephew who's going off to college. To hear them say they're proud of me left me in tears.''' ,'''The biggest compliment I get is when someone tells me, 'You're so real.' Even if my journey isn't exactly like theirs.''' ,'''I love Rihanna. She represents that strong, independent woman that you cannot keep down.''' ,'''Someone - a man - advised me not to become a news anchor because my eyelashes were too long, and they would distract the viewers.''' ,'''I have an incredible phobia of divorce.''' ,'''If someone says, 'I love that lipstick,' I will always try to answer, honestly, if I know what color it is. It's a connective tissue.''' ,'''I love morning television because it's the most vulnerable time of day, when you are at your rawest, and if I have the ability to make viewers smile, that's a gift from God.''' ,'''I feel it's tougher for the guys, because if I break up with them, then they can go on and be forced to watch me on TV every day. I don't see them.''' ,'''I date, don't get me wrong. I'm not up here filing my fingernails on a Friday night. I want to find someone to share my life with.''' ,'''My ability to not be afraid to ask tough questions or to confront, that matters.''' ,'''I had braces for six years! Kids would call me 'big teeth' or 'rabbit teeth.'''' ,'''I was on morning TV for 10 years in Chicago.''' ,'''I am grateful that as a reporter and as an anchor, people have allowed me to share their stories.''' ,'''I met Bon Jovi on the way to Washington, D.C. I think I called him Jon Jovi. Ugghhhh. I just smiled and pretended it didn't happen. I love him and his wife; they're so sweet. I was very nervous.''' ,'''When I came to Philadelphia in the late '80s, it was going through a very difficult time.''' ,'''I've been engaged a couple times.''' ,'''I'm about being honest and knowing that people are watching, and they want to know that I'm asking questions that they want the answers to.''' ,'''What I've learned is that people have a desire to talk after the first line of reporters go away, and they are no longer speaking out of shock.''' ,'''One of my favorite memories was one time Prince picked me up and said we were going to Michael Jordan's birthday party.''' ,'''As a kid from Texas, it always amazes me when city kids don't know how to ride a bike.''' ,'''I root for anyone who's got kids and if they want to make it work.''' ,'''I was 7 years old, and I challenged everything. I never accepted answers on face value.''' ,'''We're not monolithic. What is blackness? To me, how do you define that?''' ,]
+++