+++
author = "Nate Robinson"
title = "Nate Robinson Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Nate Robinson Quotes"
keywords = "nate robinson,nate robinson quotes,nate robinson quote,nate robinson sayings,nate robinson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My dad said, 'Stay humble, and you gotta work harder than everybody else.' My mom said, 'Always be yourself.' She always told me only God can judge me.''' ,'''Fans are awesome.''' ,'''When I was younger, I was a bit of a feisty fighter type of guy. That's something my father told me as I was becoming a man: 'You don't go picking fights, but you don't run from any of them.' And I was more afraid of my father than anybody else I had to fight.''' ,'''Guys back in the day, we didn't have wallets. I never kept my money in my pocket; my money always went in my sock. My key my mom gave me, I put it in my sock - whatever it was.''' ,'''I've seen my mother struggling, everything that she did to raise me and my brothers and my sisters, and I know the anger that she went through.''' ,'''I am a diehard Seahawks fan because I'm born and raised in Seattle.''' ,'''You don't have to be the biggest, tallest, strongest guy to do whatever you want to do. You can do anything. There's tall doctors, short doctors. It doesn't matter. You don't have to be the tallest guy to play the sport of basketball, football or whatever you want to play.''' ,'''I love basketball, but I miss football every time I watch it.''' ,'''I'm going to be me, regardless of anything.''' ,'''I don't like one-foot jumpers like LeBron James. It looks better jumping off two feet. Every time Michael Jordan jumped off two feet, it looked so much better.''' ,'''Nobody really doubted me playing football, making it to the NFL. I was like, 'I know I can do that.'''' ,'''I've got the best shoe guy in the business.''' ,'''I love for the crowd to feed off me, and I try to make my teammates feed off me.''' ,'''The NBA is all politics. It's about who you know.''' ,'''There's so many kids in the world who are told, 'You can't do this, you can't do that.' Those are all put-downs. I'm all about pick-ups. You have to pick people up and pay it forward.''' ,'''Mike D'Antoni was a cool coach, but he was just a bad person. He can coach. He was just mean for no reason.''' ,'''I always wanted to play with Kobe Bryant. I used to tease him all the time. Every time I was a free agent, I was like, 'What's up, bro? You got a chance to get the pit that you need. You feel me? This is your chance.'''' ,'''My least favorite subject? Uh... I didn't have a least favorite subject because, I mean, high school is so much fun.''' ,'''We're a competitive family - we compete in everything we do: playing cards; if we're walking down the street, we want to be the first one down the block.''' ,'''My mom is probably the only person shorter than me that I'm scared of. Still to this day. She's, like, five-two, maybe.''' ,'''I ran track for my school. I played football, but I didn't play for my high school; I played for a little league team.''' ,'''Actually, I'm 5-8 and change without shoes. With shoes, 5-9.''' ,'''As a kid growing up, I wanted the Allen Iverson shoes that came out, the Questions. My dad got them for me, so I was excited about that.''' ,]
+++