+++
author = "B. J. Penn"
title = "B. J. Penn Quotes"
quotes_len = "99"
description = "the best 99 B. J. Penn Quotes"
keywords = "b. j. penn,b. j. penn quotes,b. j. penn quote,b. j. penn sayings,b. j. penn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Some guys are athletes and some guys are fighters. But, whether I look down on that or not, they're just out there trying to do the best job they can to put food on the table, so I can't be too hard on them.''' ,'''You just go out there, you've got to keep training, keeping training as hard as you can and keep winning fights. The only thing that's real is the fight. Everything else is fake.''' ,'''I just love the fighting.''' ,'''I don't want any freebie fights.''' ,'''Fighting is still a fight for me. It always has been.''' ,'''We see fighters fight their whole career and never get a title shot. It doesn't matter if they rack up 10 wins if people think they're boring. We all know how it works.''' ,'''Martial arts was founded on the spirit that it's not only a sport, but a way of life.''' ,'''I'm a purist, and I'm more a fighter than an athlete.''' ,'''It ain't the technique, it ain't the speed, it ain't the power. It's who wants it the most.''' ,'''The last thing I'm trying to do is trying to look to go out into a fight. Ask anybody who knows me, I'm not the first guy to go around and just start pushing people.''' ,'''I'm not just a guy that will walk in the ring and somebody's going to walk across and crush me.''' ,'''Training in Brazil at Nova Uniao was nothing short of amazing. I can't thank Leo Santos and coach Andre Pederneiras enough for their efforts.''' ,'''My best moment in the UFC, I guess now that I look back, I guess my biggest accomplishment is the two belts in two weight classes. I really wanted to see if I could make it three, but you know, you're talking about the best guys in the world.''' ,'''I want to get one more world title. Three titles at three weight classes, and without a doubt 145 is my best option.''' ,'''I know there are a lot of others who are willing to take shortcuts for the sake of money, but when I see that... I get real irritated. I hate it.''' ,'''I'm definitely excited to be a part of the UFC spreading out globally around the world.''' ,'''I guess growing up, it was pretty much a normal life, as I got older I used to get into some fights but nothing unusual.''' ,'''I'd like to fight welterweight and lightweight at the same time if I could.''' ,'''I'm not a great athlete that can play any sport. But one thing I could always do is... fight back.''' ,'''The training camps are tough, going through that.''' ,'''Being the champ is fake, all of that is all fake.''' ,'''I have my own morals I live by.''' ,'''I don't miss a three-month training camp. I don't miss fight week. But I do miss being the baddest man on the planet.''' ,'''I definitely like the rubber guard. I always try to use it, especially when I'm just grappling or at the gym.''' ,'''Jiu jitsu is a great art for self-defense. But jiu jitsu alone won't get you to a world championship in the UFC or even a winning record sometimes.''' ,'''I separate my family life from fighting.''' ,'''Keith Kizer doesn't want to look anyone in the eye.''' ,'''This is my wife. MMA is my wife. For life.''' ,'''Jiu-jitsu is created where the small man can beat the big man.''' ,'''I'm sure there are people in all sports that bend the rules but I'm not going to sit here and point the finger.''' ,'''My lasting legacy now is just going to be in highlight reels.''' ,'''Back then, 22, I just loved the sport so much. It was such an exciting time, it was fun. It was an amazing ride.''' ,'''Maybe the word they should use instead of Motivated Penn is Prepared Penn.''' ,'''I don't want to be the guy who said 'I could have did this, and I could have did that.' I want to be the guy to know if I could have or I couldn't do it.''' ,'''I thought I would go win 100 in a row with 100 knockouts.''' ,'''I look for ways to try to build the sport, ways to put more fans in the seats and more money in our pockets.''' ,'''I live my life my way. I try to do the right thing, but I know there are going to be people who aren't happy with what I do or say no matter what, so I'm not going to worry about it.''' ,'''When I first started fighting, I thought I was God's gift to fighting.''' ,'''I have a good team around me and I don't feel anything is anywhere near out of my league.''' ,'''Fighting is my whole life, the UFC is my whole life.''' ,'''Honestly, I don't have any special techniques for Sean Sherk.''' ,'''It is not constantly in my head that I am a champion or a UFC fighter. I forget about that. It is very important to other people, and I am glad to have the support, but fighting is my passion. It is what I like to do.''' ,'''There's more opportunity for me to get three UFC belts at 145 than going to 185.''' ,'''My dad took us to a couple of karate classes when we were young but we didn't really get into it.''' ,'''I got a wonderful life back in Hawaii.''' ,'''The sport has definitely moved beyond that founding idea of MMA, but without a doubt we wouldn't be sitting here right now if the Gracies didn't come here and teach their style and create the UFC.''' ,'''Of course I can't retire on a win - but then, I can't retire on a loss either.''' ,'''My greatest moment in my whole career is when I became the first non-Brazilian to win the Brazilian jiu-jitsu world championship. That was my greatest moment.''' ,'''I think I should stay retired.''' ,'''I guess looking back you're only as good as you think you are. You can lie to yourself and that's what you have to do.''' ,'''I want everyone to know that I always gave it the best shot I had, whether it went that way my night.''' ,'''Some days you think nothing surprises you anymore and other times I'm thinking I can't believe this journey and how it went down.''' ,'''I don't want to be a shell of my former self.''' ,'''I'd feel OK facing anyone for the welterweight title.''' ,'''I don't know where that thought came from and I don't know why I had that thought, but I thought I was the best fighter on the whole planet.''' ,'''I love my life. But I love fighting more.''' ,'''I always have fighting inside my head and heart.''' ,'''2017 is going to be the biggest year for martial arts in the history of the Earth.''' ,'''There's just something about BJ Penn that gets people amped up. You don't know what's going to happen but something is going to happen. He might disappoint you, make you happy, make you cry or make you jump out of your chair, but he'll do something to you.''' ,'''The UFC is martial arts and it's all about technique.''' ,'''Hawaiians are mellow people, but we all live on an island so we see each other all the time. So like you either got to be real nice, because once you have a problem with somebody, you're gonna see them over and over and over, and you're gonna end up fighting. That's why we fight. We're all stuck in one area. You can't get away.''' ,'''The second Hughes fight was a huge reality check. But it didn't hit me right away.''' ,'''It isn't always the funnest feeling, sparring three days a week, getting punched in the face at 38 years old, it might not always be the funnest feeling but it's better than a lot of other things. I love it.''' ,'''Jon Fitch is a great opponent, a tough opponent, but St. Pierre brings the whole backing of Canada with him to a fight.''' ,'''Fighting, to me, has always been something different than what everybody's else opinion is. I've never believed what everybody else has.''' ,'''Maybe if I had made the move in my early 20s it would have been different. But I did not feel good at 145.''' ,'''I guess being a competitor, you always have that itch. But what it is is... it's tough.''' ,'''I should have never fought at 145.''' ,'''Tsunamis are always big news around Hilo, grew up always getting ready to escape a tsunami.''' ,'''It doesn't do me any good to train for three months, and I don't get to fight.''' ,'''I'm a fan of everybody, I respect everyone.''' ,'''When I was 22 years old, I wanted to become the lightweight champion of the world.''' ,'''For me Keith Kizer can't be trusted, the head of the Athletic Commission can't be trusted. I never want to fight under the Nevada State Athletic Commission again.''' ,'''Dennis Siver, he's a tough guy.''' ,'''You can't make everyone happy no matter what. All I can do is live my life and try to be successful and please myself.''' ,'''I never even thought I would be in the UFC.''' ,'''When the whole fighting thing started, I never knew at the end it was going to be all about your record. I never had that mentality. I wanted to fight everybody.''' ,'''Mixed martial arts, UFC, or what have you, I don't think it has anything to do with rankings. It doesn't have to do with 'this guy beat this guy so he deserves a title shot.' It might be like that every once in a while, but this is entertainment and the two biggest names - the best story.''' ,'''If you decide you're going to be a fighter, you shouldn't have a problem fighting anyone.''' ,'''I wish I owned the UFC, you know?''' ,'''As far as Mike Dolce goes, I would never hire him again for anything.''' ,'''As life goes on, life just gets harder.''' ,'''Fighting is still not a sport for me.''' ,'''I would never take a fight with someone to one-up someone else. You know, you do things because you want to do them.''' ,'''This is a fight. This isn't putting a ball in a hole. This has always been a fight for me, and I just love it when it's that way.''' ,'''Out of Brazil, they're always gonna have another Wanderlei Silva, another Minotauro, another Anderson Silva.''' ,'''Anybody they ever offer me in fighting, I'll probably never be surprised, unless it's the guy's first fight in the UFC.''' ,'''I don't want to just be, 'Oh, he was good back in the day.' I want to be known as one of the best.''' ,'''I want to leave a mark in this sport.''' ,'''Back when we won the 170-pound title, I knew we were going to go back and get the 155-pound title but the 145-pound title wasn't even a thought in the mind. We would have had that title already if it was around.''' ,'''It does blow me away, though, when I see Werdum just got the belt at 37 and then you see Mark Hunt still fighting at 40. All these different things. It is amazing. I don't know. They're out there, they're doing it.''' ,'''I think I could do good against some of the top welterweights. Yeah, pretty big guys, but you gotta live some times, you gotta step up sometime, huh?''' ,'''That's the mark of a man, just keeping your head up, right? Not taking the easy way out.''' ,'''I've always thought that being in the UFC is what the name suggests: Ultimate Fighting Championship. As time went on, people started learning to use the rules that suit them.''' ,'''Do people talk about Kenny Florian coming from a wealthy family and all this? I don't think they do. People say these things about me when they don't even know me.''' ,'''You look at somebody like Frankie Edgar and you think, 'oh, that little guy,' this and that. But these guys, they want it. And even if you're sitting there and you think you've figured something out, or got something you're going to surprise somebody with, the first thing you've got to do is have more heart than these guys.''' ,'''I want to go get that 145-pound belt. That's definitely a huge motivation for me. I believe with Greg Jackson's help, I can get that done.''' ,'''The lion doesn't care that the sheep laugh at him. Remember that. The lion just stays there. The animals make noise and tease. The guy with the belt is the lion.''' ,'''I do get pumped up about it when I go different places and people are like 'come on! You gotta fight again! You gotta fight again!' But it's a lot of work.''' ,]
+++