+++
author = "Dmitry Medvedev"
title = "Dmitry Medvedev Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Dmitry Medvedev Quotes"
keywords = "dmitry medvedev,dmitry medvedev quotes,dmitry medvedev quote,dmitry medvedev sayings,dmitry medvedev saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What's the point of elections if everything is already decided?''' ,'''The Cold War was a boring thing. Nobody gets better for it. Tremendous money is wasted. Our lives get more difficult. We look at each other as enemies. What's good in that? In any case, I will do anything in my power in order to stop another Cold War, with the U.S. or any other country in the world.''' ,'''When I get into a bad mood, I do sports and then everything's OK. And then I go and make decisions, however painful they may be.''' ,'''I don't want to live in a militarised country behind an iron curtain. It's boring. Been there and seen the movie. I've done that.''' ,'''Legal reform in Russia is a must. And I keep track of it daily.''' ,'''Any politician is to a certain degree a mentor. They preach something.''' ,'''Let the people decide whom to vote for, who has more authority. And only people, only our citizens, are able to place the final emphasis, voting for this or that person or political force, or rejecting it. That's democracy.''' ,'''I believe religion is important for every person.''' ,'''Russia made a decisive contribution to the victory over Nazism. That's clear to every honest observer. So, therefore, in a certain manner, it is indeed part of the country's national psyche.''' ,'''My main ambition is to be of use to my country and my people.''' ,'''When you borrow money, you should always think how you're going to pay it back.''' ,'''I believe in Father Frost. But not too deeply. But anyway, you know, I'm not one of those people who are able to tell the kids that Father Frost does not exist.''' ,'''Business is always looking to avoid the toughest norms. But some do it in a civilized way, while others push it using uncivilized, brazen methods.''' ,'''I am president and do not have the right to give in to emotions. I have bad moods, very bad moods, but I never feel despair.''' ,'''I've never tried to measure myself on any scale. A person is more multifaceted than the label they often get stuck with. On the other hand someone's whole behaviour allows you to characterise them in a certain way. This person has liberal convictions, that person has conservative ones, this person is a radical socialist, and so on.''' ,'''Work that mobilizes you 24 hours per day and makes you responsible to all of the people in the country is worth propelling yourself through jetlag and uncomfortable news for.''' ,'''I do like classical music, and soft rock, and jazz, which I never listened to when I was 15. Now I like it. The older you get, the more tolerant you get, right?''' ,'''When I was a young student, I only listened to foreign music, mainly rock music and hard rock. Then I surprised myself by discovering ethnic music. Now I like to listen to music from different places, and in many situations. Even when you work, some ethnic music calms the nerves.''' ,'''Considering I'm a young president, I wouldn't like to make an evaluation of myself. It's not my job to do that.''' ,'''Freedom is a unique concept that everyone interprets differently.''' ,'''Terrorism tramples upon any rights and freedoms and generates fear and hatred; it is an obstacle to efforts at improving our world.''' ,'''Those who play badminton well take decisions quickly.''' ,'''Stability and a prosperous life cannot be set off against a set of political rights and freedoms.''' ,'''Being a prime minister is a very demanding job. And as long as I have the strength, I will continue to do this and be of benefit to my country.''' ,'''I always say that modernization is not an abstract thing; it's a very specific task.''' ,]
+++