+++
author = "Ha Ha Clinton-Dix"
title = "Ha Ha Clinton-Dix Quotes"
quotes_len = "64"
description = "the best 64 Ha Ha Clinton-Dix Quotes"
keywords = "ha ha clinton-dix,ha ha clinton-dix quotes,ha ha clinton-dix quote,ha ha clinton-dix sayings,ha ha clinton-dix saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Give me an opportunity, I'm going to take advantage of those opportunities.''' ,'''Bad thing about playing at Alabama? I really didn't have any bad moments.''' ,'''You've just got to play complementary football; you've just got to wait your time.''' ,'''Me, coming from a low-income background, I really didn't take my studies serious as a young kid.''' ,'''Judges have a hard job. It's not just putting someone in jail or slapping someone on the wrist and giving them a punishment, but it's protecting society as a whole.''' ,'''Anytime you get a win in this league, it's a blessing.''' ,'''I was a bass fisherman. I liked bass. That was my thing.''' ,'''I just hope we can find peace and justice and get back to getting better in this world.''' ,'''Growing up where I'm from, some people are afraid of cops. They don't really like cops. And what a lot of people don't realize is, they're really not the bad guys. They're really on our side, they're really trying to help us out. And sometimes, we don't understand that.''' ,'''I know what I do. I know what I put on film. I know what I try to do. I don't want to talk about what I've done.''' ,'''It is one thing to be successful on the field, but to be recognized for something off-field is a completely different and inspiring feeling.''' ,'''My family, my family, my family... That's always been the No. 1 thing for me. They were always at every game, every event supporting me, even if my sister had to work an extra night to take a day off to be at my game... They were just always there 100 percent, motivating me, picking me up from practice, taking me to practice.''' ,'''You have to put yourself in people's shoes in certain situations because you don't know what people really think or what they're really going through.''' ,'''People see police officers and think they're such bad people. We have some who can be some bad people. But we have some great ones out there, that are here to protect us.''' ,'''I just want to continue getting better and build as a player.''' ,'''I was once that kid that needed a donation - that needed help to go to camp because my mom wasn't able to pay for it.''' ,'''I just have to make sure I keep improving my game in every aspect there is.''' ,'''Everyone wants to dream about playing on Sundays, but does everyone want to work to get there? And once you get there, are you thankful, or are you just happy to be there? What's your next step? What's your next plan? Me? I want to be great.''' ,'''I want to be a Hall of Famer, go to Pro Bowls every year - just make sure my name is remembered after I leave.''' ,'''It keeps me humble just to know exactly where I came from and all the hard work I had to put in to be here. It feels good to reminisce about the past.''' ,'''I could have made a lot of bad decisions, and some I did, but fortunately, I learned from those mistakes, and once they happened, I never really made those mistakes again.''' ,'''I just want to give back and kind of be a resource for younger generations.''' ,'''If I've got to come out for a few plays in order to get back right and make sure I catch my wind so I can be ready for the next play, I'll do that.''' ,'''I think I can play both deep field and inside the box.''' ,'''I never met him. But just growing up where Deacon Jones did, he motivated me to be great, showing the NFL was possible.''' ,'''I just preach the importance of reading, the importance of learning and challenging yourself to be the best you can be in life, whatever it is you do.''' ,'''Deacon Jones grew up a street over from my grandfather, where I was raised.''' ,'''I went into criminal justice because I want to learn more about the law, about what's going on in this world, and be a mentor to kids from where I'm from.''' ,'''Do the right things, respect your elders, respect your teachers, continue to work hard, and if you are religious and you have some type of faith... pray.''' ,'''I'm a baller. Put me in the position to make plays, I'm going to make plays.''' ,'''Even if I just change one kid's life in my time on Earth, my life is complete. I'll be happy with that. I'll be satisfied with that.''' ,'''It's actually a blessing to be able to walk off that field win, lose or draw. If you walk off that field healthy, that's the important thing.''' ,'''You've got to be able to play in the box and play deep.''' ,'''Anything is possible as long as we believe in each other, always stick together.''' ,'''I'm a funny guy. I love to laugh. I love to have a good time. You'll never see me down or, before the game, looking mad. I'm just not that type of person.''' ,'''My guy growing up was Deacon Jones from Eatonville, Florida, where I'm from.''' ,'''That's what you don't see about coach Saban. He's a very funny guy.''' ,'''I'm just grasping everything, getting as much knowledge as I can, and continuing to learn and not being afraid to take challenges and actually take action.''' ,'''I understand what's going on in this world. But cops have to go home at the end of the day. They have a family. They have to go home, too.''' ,'''School is something that I drive to finish.''' ,'''I'm a great player. I play fast; I'm a great tackler.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I remember I used to hide under the bed sometimes because I didn't want to go to practice. Even when I didn't want to go to practice, it could be pouring rain outside, and I'd be like, 'Yes, no practice today,' and my mom would be there, and we were still going, and we'd have practice under the pavilion.''' ,'''I'm just happy and blessed to have the opportunity to go to the NFL.''' ,'''Growing up as a little kid, you're always told, 'If you see the police, tell us.' So you're like, 'Whoa, are they the bad people or not?' It makes you think.''' ,'''I think my body language and how I carry myself speaks for me as a person.''' ,'''I want to be the best safety in the league.''' ,'''Having a head coach pushing you is definitely a plus.''' ,'''I owe a lot to Darren Perry. I don't think I'd be this far this early if it wasn't for him pushing me to run an extra second or showing me a play on film and telling me when I see it, that's the green light to go do it and don't be afraid to take that next step and take chances. That's what the game is about.''' ,'''The league is crazy. It's hard to win in this league, and you have teams coming at you every week with players just as good as you.''' ,'''I don't want to be a 'me' guy.''' ,'''I feel for the cops; I feel for us as a society as a whole, period.''' ,'''I really don't care about stats. I don't care about any of that stuff. I just care about performing each and every weekend and helping my team win ball games.''' ,'''My mom was always there. Even if she got off work late sometimes, I still went to practice, whether I was 30 minutes late, 45 minutes late... I was still going to practice.''' ,'''I take the path I want to take in life and do the things I'd like to succeed in.''' ,'''Trust the process. If I can't trust you to go to class, how can I trust you on the field? If you want rings, want to go to the league, want to be great, trust the process.''' ,'''People have called me Ha Ha since I was in elementary school, so that's just what it's been.''' ,'''My last name is all I have. I try to carry that to a high standard by setting high expectations.''' ,'''Really, those 60 minutes when I am on the field is my time to enjoy myself, and I don't have to worry about anything, play the game that I love.''' ,'''To be honest, football is my main goal. I never really had a backup plan.''' ,'''Being named NFLPA Community MVP is an amazing honor.''' ,'''Leaving a legacy beyond just playing football has become extremely important to me.''' ,'''I'm a free safety. The one responsibility I have is making the play, really. So I take those chances.''' ,'''Coach Saban did his best job to make me a better player and a better person. I thank him for that.''' ,'''Ever since I stepped into this league and realized I can play here and be one of the best players in the league, getting paid has never been on my mind. Because I know it's going to happen.''' ,]
+++