+++
author = "Kris Wu"
title = "Kris Wu Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Kris Wu Quotes"
keywords = "kris wu,kris wu quotes,kris wu quote,kris wu sayings,kris wu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think it's so important that you want to be in the room with these people making music together, because that's what it's all about. Especially hip-hop music, because you have to be vibing.''' ,'''I want to thank the fans for supporting me.''' ,'''I really appreciate the opportunity to play on the All-Star court.''' ,'''I don't want to follow in anyone's footsteps. I want to follow my own path and do something unique.''' ,'''I don't like social media at all, to be honest.''' ,'''I love hip hop music and would do anything to help the culture blow up in China because it's been so underground. I just want people know how good this culture is, how good the music is, and how it can change your life.''' ,'''When they ask who is your biggest influence, I always say Pharrell: whether it is music or fashion, I'm a big fan.''' ,'''You have to sacrifice sometimes. There are so many things in life you might want to do, but you have to know when to let go.''' ,'''All the sounds that I make, I want to make sure there are new stuff. I don't want to follow anyone's path or anything, I want to create my own sound.''' ,'''After I got into the industry, I got into fashion because before that, I wasn't really into fashion because I couldn't really afford anything. After, I got into this industry, and then I could start to afford them. I started to get into more of the high-fashion stuff.''' ,'''Toronto is obviously Drake city.''' ,'''You never know what's going to happen in the future.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a youth influencer.''' ,'''I'm super into their trench coats. I've been wearing them for a while. Even my mom, she loves them. Definitely working with Burberry is a dope collaboration, just a good opportunity.''' ,'''I want people to look at me in the future and feel that there's this Asian hip-hop artist who's fresh and hot.''' ,'''I'm always up for challenges.''' ,]
+++