+++
author = "Philippe Coutinho"
title = "Philippe Coutinho Quotes"
quotes_len = "76"
description = "the best 76 Philippe Coutinho Quotes"
keywords = "philippe coutinho,philippe coutinho quotes,philippe coutinho quote,philippe coutinho sayings,philippe coutinho saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You define the success of a player by his loyalty or his titles. Or both.''' ,'''Liverpool is a great club worldwide. I'm here, and I will give my best as always. I'm working hard; my thoughts are on the team's goals, making a good season.''' ,'''The No 10 shirt? Yes, I understand what it means in Brazil. The icon number. Yes, it's important. It is the number given to a creative player, and I am happy to have that responsibility, but it is not your shirt number that defines you: it is what you do with a football.''' ,'''Most of the youngsters I grew up playing with do not have a career in the game now. Sometimes people think it is easy to be a footballer, but it is hard work that never stops.''' ,'''I was so anxious for it to be my turn, for the manager to read the letter from my mum. I waited and waited for it. The manager had spoken to the mothers of every player in the team; he'd been reading a message before every game for months, and finally my turn had come.''' ,'''I learnt to do bicycle kicks watching Robinho on the television.''' ,'''I want to show that I have the same attitude to the game and personality that my hero had. I only ever met Ronaldinho once, at a charity event in Rio.''' ,'''Aine had to change her entire routine; my dad had to quit his job, which was painful because he loves to be busy. My parents eventually moved back to Brazil, so since then, it has been me and my wife, although they are always involved.''' ,'''Aine plays a huge part in everything I do. We didn't study together; we didn't really have mutual friends, except for one, who had a party, and we both went to it. We met there and sat together for a long time just talking. We liked each other, and we were both trying to show that to one another, but nothing was happening.''' ,'''I know the importance of the number 10. In Brazil, the one who wears 10 constructs the attacks.''' ,'''In Brazil, we play quite open, but I'm doing my best to adapt as quickly as I can.''' ,'''Iniesta is a true football genius, and we should all give thanks not only for what he has done but what he's continuing to do.''' ,'''The English season will be over; I'm a Brazilian who loves my country, so of course I will be following and supporting the side as much as any fan.''' ,'''I wouldn't say we were middle class. There was not lots of money for nice things. But we never wanted for the things we needed.''' ,'''It's wonderful being out on that pitch, being able to play there, with the fans supporting us. It's hard to describe, to be honest, when the team is playing well, when the supporters are chanting and singing their songs, when they are really behind the team.''' ,'''You have to think and act quickly. You have to quickly come up with a solution to beat a player, because most of the time, you are in a one-v-one.''' ,'''At Liverpool, I studied Steven Gerrard all the time and improved my game that way. Here, I absorb all I can from Iniesta and Messi.''' ,'''The FA Cup has been good for me, and I have scored some goals, but I want to get better because I need to get better. Scoring goals is one of the things that I need to do better because a player in my position must do that. I want to achieve many other things, but that is the main one.''' ,'''My focus in the training sessions is always about movement to create openings and opportunities. When you don't have the ball, you still need the discipline to know where you should be, who you should be marking, but when we have the ball, it is important to be able to move around.''' ,'''I know I have to be ready for every single ball, every pass, every challenge. Everything has to be at 100%.''' ,'''My parents eventually moved back to Brazil, so since then, it has been me and my wife, although they are always involved.''' ,'''It's an incredible feeling when you look across the dressing room and see Andres, Leo, Luis and Sergio Busquets, and everyone else. They are players I used to watch on TV or play with on PlayStation, and now I am sharing the same dressing room. It's incredible for me.''' ,'''I need to spend some time at a club, but I also need to enjoy my football to play my best. I didn't lose my enjoyment at Inter. Sometimes I was disappointed, because every player wants to play, but I always did my best for Inter.''' ,'''I love to play football, and when I come on the pitch, I want to do my best to help the team. It's up to the coach the position I play.''' ,'''When a big player leaves, a big player leaves. You're at a big club like Liverpool, another big player will come in the future.''' ,'''I like a lot to watch Real Madrid and Barcelona, which are my favourite teams in La Liga.''' ,'''I believe in finding somewhere you can express yourself, play without fear, play with everything you have. When you find that place, stay.''' ,'''What I need to do is to work hard and to always do my best to help the team.''' ,'''I was really shy when I was back in Brazil, so coming to Europe was very tough. I was arriving as a kid fresh from Brazil into a big team like Inter with a lot of star names.''' ,'''I need to improve my muscles because they are still quite small at the moment.''' ,'''In Brazil, the one who wears 10 constructs the attacks. That is what I will try to do here. The number I have at Liverpool does not give me any added pressure. The pressure I have is to play well and do my best for the team. I know that I am representing a huge club, and I want to enjoy my football.''' ,'''Responsibility has to be shared between all the players. It's more about doing your job and working hard. I try not to focus on me. My focus is on the team. I just work hard to try and improve.''' ,'''Wijnaldum always tries to do some jokes inside the dressing room. He's always winding people up. He always tries to speak in Portuguese or Spanish with us and dancing.''' ,'''I know the expectations are higher on me now because I've played more matches and done well. But I need to keep improving to make the supporters happy. I know I can improve.''' ,'''When I was young, I would watch Ronaldinho play; I would watch him give magic.''' ,'''If there is something that needs to be done on my behalf back home, for example, my brothers take care of it for me. I share everything with my family; all my happiness and success is theirs.''' ,'''I gave 100 per cent, 100 per cent of the time I played for Liverpool. Five years, I did everything I could possibly do. I love this club, but it is time for a new adventure.''' ,'''I have always said I want to work harder so I can develop, learn, grow, and improve. I love to play football, and when I come on the pitch, I want to do my best to help the team. It's up to the coach the position I play.''' ,'''I really like Ronaldinho. He is the player I have watched the most and tried to copy the most, but I am still learning.''' ,'''I am coming here to learn and contribute with my style of football. The most important thing for me in my time here is to win titles. My dream in this shirt is to make the fans happy, win trophies for them, and enjoy playing in the Barca colours.''' ,'''Andres is a genius, and it's an honour to share the same dressing room. I hope to learn a lot from him. Of course, there is only one Iniesta. I have come here to try to create history of my own and learn from these great players.''' ,'''Liverpool is a great club, and we have to put Liverpool back in the Champions League.''' ,'''Like everyone else, I thought Messi was the best player in the world, and to be here with him now is a fantastic honour. It's a great experience watching him in training and in matches... the way he can transform a match is unbelievable.''' ,'''Football is more disputed in England than it is in Italy. Every match is a very hard match because the referee doesn't blow his whistle as much as in Italy, and every team plays against each other like it is a final. I enjoy it more in England because you have to think quicker. The pace of the game is faster, so you don't have much time to think.''' ,'''I have conquered my space in four, five years and never had any problems with anyone - the fans, the board, my team-mates, the coaching staff. That has not changed.''' ,'''I don't like to talk about myself. I don't want to talk about what I do, what I think I do. The position I play on the pitch, I am expected - and I expect - to create chances for my team-mates and score goals.''' ,'''First, you have to play good football so that you get to play for a good team. Then, hopefully, you achieve such a level that you are invited to play for your national side, in time for a World Cup if possible. Then, obviously, play a good World Cup. That's my dream.''' ,'''I share everything with my family; all my happiness and success is theirs.''' ,'''I work hard on the precision of my long shots, but you can't plan it in games. Sometimes it all just opens up for you to give it a try.''' ,'''Barcelona is one of the best teams in the world.''' ,'''I have no idea if anyone is watching me from the Brazil national team, but the best way to have a chance is to do well for Liverpool.''' ,'''Stevie G is the best midfielder I've played with. He was an idol for me and for everyone who watched him play, but when you were together with him, and you see him training, it was different: he was even better.''' ,'''I try to enjoy the moment, I like to play football, and every time I go on the pitch, I try my best.''' ,'''I have so many memories and have so many people to thank at Liverpool. I have to improve as a player. In my head, I always think this.''' ,'''I started playing futsal in the favela because it was the closest pitch to where we lived. I think it was good for me, playing in a small space like that. You have to think and act quickly.''' ,'''Real Madrid. It is the best team in the world.''' ,'''Sometimes the game does not go for you, no matter how much you try, but I do what I can and leave other people to their opinions on how I played.''' ,'''When I come onto the pitch, that's when I'm able to get into that zone and forget about everything else other than just doing my job. But even then, it's not a job. It's playing football, and that's something I love.''' ,'''Where we lived was a nice residential area, but if you know Rio, you understand you can be 100 metres from a favela. It could be a little dangerous on the streets, especially at night.''' ,'''Football is more disputed in England than it is in Italy. Every match is a very hard match because the referee doesn't blow his whistle as much as in Italy, and every team plays against each other like it is a final.''' ,'''I also had a chance to play in Brazil for Vasco against Flamengo, the local rivals in Rio. So it is the sort of game the players like to play in, and I like the atmosphere, the build-up, and all the preparations throughout the week. You want to be involved in these kind of games.''' ,'''I like to smile when I am playing because I try to show people that I am enjoying myself, and I think Ronaldinho did the same.''' ,'''It's just such an honour to be spoken about by Steven Gerrard in such a way, that I might also become such a great player for Liverpool. He is an icon, one of my personal football heroes.''' ,'''My confidence has been really building since my time at Espanyol.''' ,'''My confidence has been really building since my time at Espanyol. The two coaches are actually very similar on the pressing side of the game. They spend a lot of time on that side of it, and it's a lot of hard work.''' ,'''I see football as a bit like a stairway, and you have to climb it bit by bit. First, you have to play good football so that you get to play for a good team. Then, hopefully you achieve such a level that you are invited to play for your national side, in time for a World Cup, if possible.''' ,'''I will go to Rio to support Brazil even if I'm not in the squad.''' ,'''I have always tried and always believed in myself, so I went after it, to do my best, to achieve my dream, and I always thought I'd achieve my dream. And I always, always wanted to be a football player.''' ,'''I'm going to play with one goalkeeper, obviously, one defender, one midfielder and two attackers, very offensive because we need to score goals.''' ,'''I'd be happy if I was part of a Liverpool side that kept winning titles, cups, and made history. I just want to win and carrying on winning for Liverpool.''' ,'''Liverpool have always shown a great warmth to me, so when they came to me with a proposal, I did not need to think twice to renew the contract. I have always been looked after very well by this football club, and I am very happy at this football club, so I didn't even have to think about it.''' ,'''Barcelona is one of the best teams in the world... so far, nothing has come to me, because if anything comes, it comes to my manager.''' ,'''I only ever met Ronaldinho once, at a charity event in Rio. Once every year, he stages a game and invites different players and personalities to play and raise money for his charity.''' ,'''I'd rather not talk about myself in terms of stepping up a level or things like that because I prefer to do my work during the week and then show my best in the game.''' ,'''Hopefully I will have a long career at Liverpool.''' ,'''I am the type of person who relishes the chance to stand up and perform under pressure. I have had to do that my whole career.''' ,]
+++