+++
author = "Norman Braman"
title = "Norman Braman Quotes"
quotes_len = "37"
description = "the best 37 Norman Braman Quotes"
keywords = "norman braman,norman braman quotes,norman braman quote,norman braman sayings,norman braman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What's success all about? What's philanthropy all about? Let's think of our legacy, following in the footsteps of some great Americans like the Carnegies and the Mellons who used their wealth for quality purposes.''' ,'''I have been blessed being married to the same woman for 61 years. I honestly believe that if I retired, we may not make it to 62.''' ,'''It's just not our style to put our names on the philanthropy we've done. It's not in the Jewish tradition of tzedakah.''' ,'''Most collectors I know don't think of art as a business or as an investment.''' ,'''Complex digestive conditions harm the physical and emotional well-being of many children, but GI research is severely undervalued and underfunded.''' ,'''When my wife's sister passed away, Bernie Madoff came to the funeral. That was the type of individual that we all thought he was - a very caring individual.''' ,'''There is a type of respect that we have for each other and a warm feeling that exists between dealers and collectors who have known each other for many years.''' ,'''I am one who shows great respect and commends the Cuban people for having the guts to go over to Cuba to get Cubans out when they had the opportunity to do it. I think it's a... shame that the Jews here in the United States in the 1930s didn't do the same for other Jews who were also in trouble.''' ,'''Everybody runs for political office knocking somebody, and very few run on 'This is what I stand for. This is what I believe will solve these problems.'''' ,'''If an institution has not made it after 10 years, it shouldn't be around anymore.''' ,'''Cities like Chicago and Philadelphia make the NFL what it is. They give the league its soul.''' ,'''I don't believe in dynasties; I don't believe in coronations. That is not how it works in this country.''' ,'''I have nothing against Jeb Bush personally.''' ,'''A weak America poses a threat to the future of Israel.''' ,'''I've learned that if you see something that's incredible, move on it quickly.''' ,'''I went through a significant illness in 1991 and had some major surgery, and I made up my mind that I have to get my life in order, and the first thing that I would try to accomplish was to get out of the sports business.''' ,'''Owning the Eagles is the ultimate fulfillment of every fantasy I ever had growing up in Philadelphia.''' ,'''The Democrats would be better off giving the public a chance to vote for someone young - they have young leaders in the party - as I think Republicans should do. I think that is where the future is.''' ,'''If you have the opportunity to have the best of the artist, then if you overpay, it doesn't matter. Eventually, the market will reward you. If it raises the value of our collection, we go for it.''' ,'''I am offended by people who feel that they're entitled to something just because of their last name.''' ,'''I don't consider myself a fat cat. Don't make me out to be a fat cat.''' ,'''If you're going to do something, you do it all the way.''' ,'''My father emigrated from Poland and my mother from Romania. There was no affluence in my family.''' ,'''We've been married for 60 years. We don't buy anything anymore without being on the same page.''' ,'''There's more to life than the National Football League.''' ,'''The country has had enough of the Clintons and the Bushes.''' ,'''I wanted to show the community you can build something here without having to raid taxpayers' dollars. What better way to show the community what we're all about, as a welcome to come to the Institute of Contemporary Art and be a part of what we're doing here?''' ,'''I'm against corporate welfare.''' ,'''If you don't uphold a contract, which is an agreement, then you've got nothing.''' ,'''You have to invest. You can't sit back.''' ,'''We, in the business world, invest our money to make a profit. Sports teams make a good profit. That's the way the system should work, not taxpayers forking over these dollars to for-profit enterprises.''' ,'''At Sterling, we're not looking to become a dominating factor in the market. We're looking for an area to carve out for ourselves. We want to become another BMW.''' ,'''I think you can win in the NFL without being a 'bad boy.'''' ,'''Who the hell is against breast cancer research?''' ,'''I don't want to get into a Buddy Ryan-bashing contest. I respect Buddy Ryan.''' ,'''We live in a democracy. We don't have to tell the people how to vote.''' ,'''Senator Rubio has always, always understood Israel as an important ally of the United States.''' ,]
+++