+++
author = "Natalia Tena"
title = "Natalia Tena Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Natalia Tena Quotes"
keywords = "natalia tena,natalia tena quotes,natalia tena quote,natalia tena sayings,natalia tena saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love doing short films because they're much more intimate and there's far less waiting around than on the bigger films.''' ,'''Like a lot of people, I love a bit of blood and gore.''' ,'''I've had watermelon hair where I had pink with green tips. From the age of 13 to about 19 or 20, I never had my real hair color.''' ,'''I need both music and acting to even think about surviving life. I don't have a choice.''' ,'''My love of music comes from as long as I remember. I begged my mum to learn piano for a year when I was 4; she wanted to make sure I was serious, and I wanted to be Chuck Berry when I grew up! We were a very musical family; my mum would play guitar, and her, my dad and aunt would sing and harmonize!''' ,'''If I just did music, I might go insane. I need words; I need stories. And it's the same the other way around.''' ,'''I have three things I really, really want to do. I want to do aerial trapeze, I want to do martial arts, and I want to learn Russian. And, because of my life, I'm not able to do any of these.''' ,'''I recently went to New York for the first time, and honey, I'm in love with that place. I'm obsessed with its sausages.''' ,'''I love the fact that little kids think I'm a witch. A mum might come over and say 'I'm sorry to disturb you, but my daughter thinks you're in 'Harry Potter.' I'll say 'That's cool' and take the kid aside and say, 'I'm a witch. If you don't listen to your mum, I'm going to haunt you!' It's brilliant. I can scare kids into doing their homework.''' ,'''For ages, I had this mullet until someone on the street stopped me and said, 'Darling, can I cut your hair for free? Because you look a bit weird.'''' ,'''Whenever I start a 'Potter' film, I get these dreams. The last dream I had, I was in a war and the sky was blotted with broomsticks and I couldn't find my wand. It was so intense. I always have mental, intense, war wizard dreams when I'm doing the films.''' ,'''I'm a very impatient person. I love dancing, I love music, and I love eating life.''' ,'''I've always loved projects where I can combine acting and music.''' ,]
+++