+++
author = "Hilary Duff"
title = "Hilary Duff Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 Hilary Duff Quotes"
keywords = "hilary duff,hilary duff quotes,hilary duff quote,hilary duff sayings,hilary duff saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love that Euro-pop dance music, but with girl power. I also listen to Janis Joplin and Bob Dylan. I have a Beatles song tattooed on my foot. I'm all over the place.''' ,'''I know I can handle dramatic roles, but I don't think I should have to play a young mother on crack to prove it.''' ,'''My life is very crazy and busy, but I love it that way.''' ,'''Girls bat their eyelashes and act like they don't know anything in front of guys they like, or give a little bit of eye contact, but not too much, or a bit of touching. Or being coy. Sure, I do a bit of that.''' ,'''I ate a bug once. It was flying around me. I was trying to get it away. It went right in my mouth. It was so gross!''' ,'''At first, when I got bad press and people would talk bad about my family or something like that, I would get really upset, but now it's just not worth my energy.''' ,'''My relationship with my mom is so amazing. We never got to have that stage that people go through, like when you're 13 and you think you're too cool for your parents. When you're embarrassed by them and stuff. We never went through that because I was constantly working and she constantly had to be there.''' ,'''Guys make me feel secure and comfortable when I'm scared or need attention. They bring stability. And affection. And fun. And drama. You learn so much from a boyfriend. It's hard to put into words, I guess.''' ,'''I pop gum. My parents get so annoyed with me. I know my dad wishes he never taught me how to do that.''' ,'''I love clothes. I can't control myself. I have a huge fetish for shoes and clothes and make-up. I'm the kind of person who doesn't like to wear things over and over again.''' ,'''Sometimes I got scared of being too honest, because being in the public eye, I have always tried to hide my personal life. But I realized that isn't healthy.''' ,'''My mom always says, 'If you don't believe in something, you'll lose yourself completely.'''' ,'''I started taking singing classes just two years ago. It was great. I never knew I could sing but I kind of found my voice.''' ,'''Sometimes I just wish I had a day off. I really need to clean my room.''' ,'''I try not to look at my schedule for the week because I'll get so overwhelmed. Every day, there are multiple things to be done and 10 things I don't end up accomplishing.''' ,'''When I first got my record deal, I was like, 'I just want to sing,' and I never put much thought into what really goes into a record. But as I got older, I developed a passion for writing.''' ,'''I don't believe in having one partner for your whole life, but I hope I get married. I want to have a husband and two kids and a nice little life baking pies. I'm quite romantic. It's definitely important to have someone make you feel special.''' ,'''So many schools are getting rid of music programs and it's really sad because I know that when I started singing and stuff it was something that I always wanted to do and I never believed in myself to be able to do it.''' ,'''It's not attractive when girls get superskinny. Guys don't like it. Girls don't like you as much. You lose some happiness when that's all you think about.''' ,'''You don't need to push your beliefs onto other people!''' ,'''I also love Dido and Nelly Furtado and people who are really into their music like that. And I love Renee Zellweger.''' ,'''I'm outgoing when I have to be, but usually, I'm kinda shy. I always think people don't want to talk to me. Some people might take that as being stuck-up, but I'm just shy.''' ,'''Now my music is kind of pop-rock, right? If I'm 25 and singing still, I don't want to be singing music like that.''' ,'''As a mom, it's so important to feel confident in what you're doing.''' ,'''People are going to say what they want to say and think what they want to think, and I can't change their minds.''' ,'''I love my mom. I totally look up to her, and she just doesn't let anybody take advantage of me. People might call that a stage mom.''' ,'''I'm pretty good at thinking about everything - all of my consequences - before I make a decision, and I think about everything that's going to happen because of that decision. I'm a Libra, and I'm very strategic.''' ,'''When I'm on tour, I'm in a new city every single night, and the energy and the crowds and the kids and the screaming and them knowing every single word of my music and being onstage is such an energetic feeling with a big payoff.''' ,'''There definitely was a time when I was pretty obsessed with my weight, but I'm better off not stressing about my body all the time.''' ,'''When I turned about 18 or 19, I was really ready to, like, stop being - stop being seen in this, like, perfect light.''' ,'''People talk worse about people than they talk good about people, because a lot of people like drama.''' ,'''My first crush was on John Travolta in 'Grease.'''' ,'''I stopped going to school in the middle of fourth grade. Everyone grows up with the peer pressure, and kids being mean to each other in school. I think that's such a horrible thing, but I never really dealt with it in a high school way.''' ,'''I think people assume I'm perfect. I'm not. I make mistakes. I do things I regret. I'm stubborn.''' ,'''My mom taught me not to talk about money.''' ,'''Every week I read about myself in a magazine, about something that I haven't done or some place that I've never been or don't even know. It's just gossip, rumors, egos, and politics.''' ,'''I'm drawing the gossip surrounding the celebrity, or the image the celebrity tries to push on us.''' ,'''I think ambition can be having something that you're good at and love to do.''' ,'''It's hard to stay true to yourself and what you want in life when there are so many distractions and so much craziness going on around you.''' ,'''I think every actor is looking for a challenge, and to play something different, and to be a part of a project with other great actors.''' ,'''I love men who have a lot going on in their lives, like I do.''' ,'''Humans are very complex; I definitely have a new respect for authors that are able to write books nonstop. It's an incredible talent.''' ,'''No, I'm not! I'm not a tomboy! I love my makeup! That's not true! I'm not a tomboy!''' ,'''I have been writing songs and poems since I was a little girl. I started writing short scripts, which evolved into the idea for a book.''' ,'''I think I'm happy with who I am. I don't know if I learned that from other girls or just people in general.''' ,'''I have an older sister named Haley and she wanted to be an actress. So I wanted to be an actress. It's really funny the way that some people don't give kids enough credit for like really being driven, and really wanting to do things so badly.''' ,'''I love Natalie Portman. She worked when she was younger, and she's so talented and private. She doesn't do things that are too crazy, but she pushes the envelope enough.''' ,'''I knew I wanted to act, and I was really driven, so I kept going for it. We moved to L.A. full-time when I was 8 or 9.''' ,'''A part of me isn't like those women who love being pregnant. I love my baby, and I miss that feeling of being attached to him when he's kicking, but I was so ready to not be pregnant.''' ,'''I have always been interested in the paranormal and afterlife, everything from ghosts to angels. I think that everyone has that curiosity of the great unknown.''' ,'''The love you have for your child is so much greater than any challenge you'll face as a parent, and that's what helps you through.''' ,'''Before I wasn't sure what I wanted to say, but now, I have had so many different experiences that they have given me what I want to get across in my music.''' ,'''I just think that there's so much judgment in the world, whether it's coming from women in general or from men onto women - it's a lot. And when it comes to being a mom, I wish everyone could band together and realize that everyone has different beliefs, different styles, and different things that work for them and their family.''' ,'''Mom always tells me to celebrate everyone's uniqueness. I like the way that sounds.''' ,'''Everybody always talks about it, about how you don't know love until you meet your baby, and you really feel that. There are no words. It was a really wonderful surprise. And there is no way to prepare yourself for the sleep deprivation and what comes with it.''' ,'''Like going to my favorite restaurant, it can sometimes get hard. I just can't go to the mall.''' ,'''I've had a very unique path that's different from everybody else's. I was never a dater. I never went out that much. I've always had long-distance relationships. And, everything has come very fast in my life. I haven't waited for much.''' ,'''I don't keep a journal anymore. I did when I was younger, and I think its good for young girls to try and express what they are feeling on paper; it's cathartic.''' ,'''Weird, but sometimes I feel more like my cartoon character than I do Lizzie because she's a little more edgy and snappy.''' ,'''I love doing emotional scenes. As I've had a perfect life, I don't really have much to pull from. But it's really fun and not that challenging. It's almost pretty easy. The hardest thing is to try and make people laugh. That's a really hard thing.''' ,]
+++