+++
author = "Emmitt Smith"
title = "Emmitt Smith Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Emmitt Smith Quotes"
keywords = "emmitt smith,emmitt smith quotes,emmitt smith quote,emmitt smith sayings,emmitt smith saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I know how important it is to have your quarterback standing upright. Matter of fact, I know how important it is not to allow someone hit on him period because I want him to think that this pocket is completely safe, no one is going to get to me and I got all the time in the world to make whatever decisions I need to make.''' ,'''Charles Haley changed the way the Cowboys played football in the 90s. And the reason why I say that is because he was such a dominant force coming off the edge, where it took two and three to block him.''' ,'''I used to send Tony Romo texts throughout the season just to encourage him, just to wish him luck and just to tell him to get on his offensive line. I hated watching this young man get sacked as much as he did, especially when it came down to big games.''' ,'''I was actually looking for answers where I kept asking myself - what am I doing?''' ,'''Demand excellence.''' ,'''Vision gets the dreams started. Dreaming employs your God-given imagination to reinforce the vision. Both are part of something I believe is absolutely necessary to building the life of a champion, a winner, a person of high character who is consistently at the top of whatever game he or she is in.''' ,'''Do not compare yourself. Find out what God has placed in your ability.''' ,'''I've learned that football sometimes was an outlet. It was a way for me to release anger, release frustration.''' ,'''I was going through a little bit of turbulence in my career. And so, it's funny how turbulence itself will make you hold onto something for security. And so the only thing I knew is trust in the Lord and lean not unto your own heart, in all thy ways acknowledge him and he shall direct thy path.''' ,'''My father is Emmit and my grandfather is Emmit, but I wanted something extra so I could separate my Emmitt from the rest of them. Even though on my birth certificate it has one T, I just added the extra T for me.''' ,'''As a former football player who has carried a football more than 4,000 times, trust me, I did not go into ballroom dancing with my body being 100 percent, with no aches or pains or ailments coming with me. When you're dancing, you're doing stuff that your body's not used to, and so you start to aggravate those old injuries.''' ,'''Dreaming means 'rehearsing' what you see, playing it over and over in your mind until it becomes as real to you as your life right now.''' ,'''I enjoyed being a teammate of Deion Sanders. He brings different elements to the game that many people would not even realize, and to watch and witness a superior talent like him and watch him prepare and train, and study the game is truly amazing.''' ,'''I have been a Cowboys fan since I was a little bitty boy. And my dream has finally become a reality, of not only just playing a professional, becoming a professional athlete, but playing for the team that I always wanted to play for.''' ,'''Consistency is one of the hallmarks of my career. You knew what you were going to get out of E-Smith every game, every year, no matter if I was 22, 21 or 35 years old.''' ,'''My mom said, 'Don't get married. You're too young. Go out there and experience what life has to offer.' And I did.''' ,'''We are all born naked into this world, but each of us is fully clothed in potential.''' ,'''There's a lot of dancing in football. You can see Victor Cruz doing a little bit of a cha-cha or samba move in the end zone. You can see Terrell Owens getting his popcorn ready. You can see Ochocinco doing the riverdance. But not so much when it comes to ballroom.''' ,'''I've given everything I can possible to the game, on and off the field.''' ,'''If you know anything about me, I've never been a trash-talker. That's not even part of my DNA.''' ,'''I don't have to get up in the morning and go beat up my body like I used to. I don't have to be out there in August in 108 degree weather down in Texas.''' ,'''Sixteen games, to me, is a long enough schedule for anybody. We're already concerning ourselves with head injuries and bodily harm to all of the professional athletes. Add to extra games to it, (and) you are just increasing those risks.''' ,'''For me, winning isn't something that happens suddenly on the field when the whistle blows and the crowds roar. Winning is something that builds physically and mentally every day that you train and every night that you dream.''' ,'''I'm an enigma, an unknown. You can't really figure out what I'm going to do next. I like it like that.''' ,'''Always, through my whole life, I've had a thirst for knowledge.''' ,'''I have achieved everything that I ever wanted to accomplish in this game and more so, for me, I have been fulfilled.''' ,'''If you're not settled spiritually, things can be a little bit more chaotic than normal.''' ,'''I used to imagine what it would be like to do what Jim Brown was doing. I used to imagine what it would be like to be like a Tony Dorsett. I used to imagine what it would be like to be like a Walter Payton. I was imagining Emmitt Smith doing exactly what they were doing.''' ,'''It's been a tremendous ride. My 15 years, my 15 minutes of fame, is up.''' ,'''If I didn't have a scholarship to go to the University of Florida or any school, I probably would have considered the military because my family could not afford to send me to college.''' ,'''One thing I can say about the Dallas Cowboys: They have always had talent around them. They have been one of the most talented football teams in all of football.''' ,'''I don't have to put on shoulder pads and run out there and let somebody hit on me a little bit.''' ,]
+++