+++
author = "Henry Sy"
title = "Henry Sy Quotes"
quotes_len = "25"
description = "the best 25 Henry Sy Quotes"
keywords = "henry sy,henry sy quotes,henry sy quote,henry sy sayings,henry sy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We strongly believe that the Philippines has huge potential in the tourism industry, given our beautiful islands, moderate weather conditions, good cuisine, and the flair of Filipinos for hospitality and entertainment.''' ,'''Every time the country is in a crisis, I think and decide where is the best way to go. We have to always think of ways to overcome these limitations.''' ,'''I took a risk and invested in SM Mall of Asia because I wanted to create something that could contribute to Philippine tourism growth.''' ,'''Doing a mall is not only construction of the physical place: what is important is the merchandising mix. We strive to serve the convenience of the public. We want shopping at our malls to be a unique and an enjoyable experience.''' ,'''Outwardly, I may look quiet, but deep inside, I'm full of this sense of challenge. I'm always striving to work harder, to improve by learning, to do better and keep dreaming.''' ,'''My businesses are all related - retail, shopping centers, banking, real estate, and tourism development. Together they create synergy.''' ,'''Pride or ego is not important to me. What is more important is common sense, the welfare of the company, and the objective reality that we need to be cautious during difficult times. One should not make decisions based on emotions or ego.''' ,'''Regional developers have a clear head start in their home communities. They have been there longer and understand their market. As a result, these markets are, in fact, more competitive than those in Manila.''' ,'''I encourage you to have your own dream and work to make it a reality.''' ,'''I used to roller skate a lot in my youth on Taft Avenue, Manila. That is the reason there is always a skating area in all my SM malls. I want more people to share my love for skating.''' ,'''There is no substitute for hard work. There is no such thing as an overnight success or easy money.''' ,'''In five years, I completed grade school. Even when I was a young boy, I had a plan for my life.''' ,'''The constant expansion of our malls and stores are proof of the fact that our holistic approach to development benefits not just us but also all the communities in which we operate.''' ,'''I started with shoes, and with hard work and discipline, the business prospered.''' ,'''Our store was so small, it had no back or second floor. We just slept on the counter late at night after the store was closed.''' ,'''Ever since I was a kid, I've always believed in doing my best, that one should aspire to be No. 1.''' ,'''I've always wanted to be a businessman. No other ambitions - I just wanted to be in business, even when I was a child in Fujian province, south China.''' ,'''Our businesses also help promote socio-economic progress.''' ,'''I will not settle to become No. 2. Ever since I was a child, even before coming here to the Philippines, I've always believed in doing my best.''' ,'''I came to the Philippines to follow my father who came here earlier, looking for a better life. I helped my father in our sari-sari store. I also asked him if I could go back to school so I could learn English and improve myself.''' ,'''If you fail, do not be discouraged.''' ,'''I am pleased that through SM Foundation, we are able to do many socio-civic projects and support college scholars in need who come from public schools.''' ,'''My basic strategy is to stick to my core business and to my area of expertise.''' ,'''I instilled in my children the importance of good values in business: hard work, determination, integrity, and optimism.''' ,'''You have to have a dream, whether big or small. Then plan well, focus, work hard, and be very determined to achieve your goals.''' ,]
+++