+++
author = "Sheldon Lee Glashow"
title = "Sheldon Lee Glashow Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Sheldon Lee Glashow Quotes"
keywords = "sheldon lee glashow,sheldon lee glashow quotes,sheldon lee glashow quote,sheldon lee glashow sayings,sheldon lee glashow saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think that I got committed to physics at the age of - oh, it must have been 1942 - ten, when most countries were at war and children were interested in airplanes and bombs and such things.''' ,'''There are physicists, and there are string theorists. Of course the string theorists are physicists, but the string theorists in general will not attend lectures on experimental physics. They will not be terribly concerned about the results of experiments. They will talk to one another.''' ,'''I had more or less abandoned the idea of an electroweak gauge theory during the period 1961-1970. Of the several reasons for this, one was the failure of my naive foray into renormalizability.''' ,'''Chemistry is good for fun - it's like baseball. It has its role for small children, but I can't see an adult being concerned with it.''' ,'''There's something called From 'Alchemy to Quarks,' which will teach you everything you have to know, you want to know, about physics.''' ,'''I suppose I'm worried that someday there will be some exciting experiments to do, and there won't be anyone around who knows what experiments are.''' ,'''I came to graduate school at Harvard University in 1954. My thesis supervisor, Julian Schwinger, had about a dozen doctoral students at a time. Getting his ear was as difficult as it was rewarding. I called my thesis 'The Vector Meson in Elementary Particle Decays', and it showed an early commitment to an electroweak synthesis.''' ,'''Individual scientists cannot do much on their own. Heads of nations, corporates, and economic giants should recognise the criticality of it.''' ,'''I wish to thank the Nobel Foundation for granting me the greatest honor to which a scientist may aspire.''' ,'''Plane geometry is sort of the key course where you learn about proving things and abstraction.''' ,'''My parents, once I made it clear to them that I wanted to do science, they were totally sympathetic.''' ,'''In 1969, John Iliopoulos and Luciano Maiani came to Harvard as research fellows. Together, we found the arguments that predicted the existence of charmed hadrons.''' ,'''The question of energy is an important one. The big issue is how to get it, how not to destroy the environment, and how to survive as a species. It's a big deal.''' ,'''From 1958 to 1966, I was in exile. I just wandered around teaching, waiting for an offer from Harvard.''' ,'''In 1956, when I began doing theoretical physics, the study of elementary particles was like a patchwork quilt. Electrodynamics, weak interactions, and strong interactions were clearly separate disciplines, separately taught and separately studied. There was no coherent theory that described them all.''' ,'''In the 1950s, the average person saw science as something that solved problems. With the advent of nuclear weapons and pollution, the idealistic aura around scientific research has been replaced by cynicism.''' ,'''People want to know about what's going on with what's in the universe, what are particles like, what are the basic rules of nature. It's a lot of curiosity out there.''' ,'''String theory has had a long and wonderful history. It originated as a technique to try to understand the strong force. It was a calculational mechanism, a way of approaching a mathematical problem that was too difficult, and it was a promising way, but it was only a technique. It was a mathematical technique rather than a theory in itself.''' ,'''String theory's biggest prediction is that gravity exists. That's good. That's a lot more than preceding theories could do.''' ,'''It's a wonderful honor to win an Ignobel Prize.''' ,'''What the string theorists do is arguably physics. It deals with the physical world. They're attempting to make a consistent theory that explains the interactions we see among particles and gravity as well. That's certainly physics, but it's a kind of physics that is not yet testable.''' ,'''The standard theory may survive as a part of the ultimate theory, or it may turn out to be fundamentally wrong. In either case, it will have been an important way-station, and the next theory will have to be better.''' ,'''I think that we scientists are seeking an understanding of the natural world. We come in various types - chemists and physicists and biologists and such - and we all have the same goal. We are making progress.''' ,'''One of the principal achievements of physics in the 20th century has been the revelation that the atom is not indivisible or elementary at all but has a complex structure.''' ,'''Would physics at Geneva be as good as physics at Harvard? I think not. Rome? I think not. In Britain, I don't think there is one place, neither Cambridge nor Oxford, which can compare with Harvard.''' ,'''While my parents never had the time or money to secure university education themselves, they were adamant that their children should. In comfort and in love, we were taught the joys of knowledge and of work well done. I only regret that neither my mother nor my father could live to see the day I would accept the Nobel Prize.''' ,'''From an early age, I knew I would become a scientist. It may have been my brother Sam's doing. He interested me in the laws of falling bodies when I was ten and helped my father equip a basement chemistry lab for me when I was fifteen. I became skilled in the synthesis of selenium halides.''' ,'''My father said I should become a doctor and do science in my spare time, which in retrospect might not have been a bad idea, but I wasn't interested in taking care of people's ills.''' ,]
+++