+++
author = "Jessica Capshaw"
title = "Jessica Capshaw Quotes"
quotes_len = "34"
description = "the best 34 Jessica Capshaw Quotes"
keywords = "jessica capshaw,jessica capshaw quotes,jessica capshaw quote,jessica capshaw sayings,jessica capshaw saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''As an actor, you wouldn't be able to play a character if you were worried about the reaction to what you're doing.''' ,'''It's never bad to be liked, and who doesn't feel good being liked, but that can't be your end game goal.''' ,'''To be honest, makeup is a big part of what I do for a living.''' ,'''There are all kinds of sexualities. There are all kinds of ways that people express their sexuality.''' ,'''I was always the girl who had that baby face.''' ,'''I do think that with any kind of infidelity, on some level - unless you're dealing with a sociopath - there's always a reason.''' ,'''Being a mom has been my most important job to date, and I take my job very seriously, and I have a lot of fun doing it.''' ,'''I've braved the red carpet when I didn't feel comfortable, and when I look at the pictures, it always shows!''' ,'''I don't have slim children. I have hearty ones.''' ,'''My musical taste is like a 16-year-old girl's when it comes to working out - Rihanna, Black Eyed Peas, Miley Cyrus. I love it all!''' ,'''A lunch date is more fun than a dinner date; you're not tired. It's a secret that not a lot of other parents told me about.''' ,'''Infidelity is horrible - there's nothing worse than that; it's devastating.''' ,'''I think you can do something bad, and it doesn't make you a bad person. We are not defined by any one choice. We are the sum of our experiences, and we can make a bad choice and turn around and do better.''' ,'''I'm a Midwesterner! Not being able to have a cheeseburger once in a while would be torture!''' ,'''I'm very active when I'm not pregnant, but I think fitness should be a natural part of your life, not something you have to force yourself to do.''' ,'''The end of anything is not fun because there's a nostalgia to it and everything else. Even the end of a bad relationship can feel so, so, so sad.''' ,'''I've always had to work hard for what I've got and to stay where I was.''' ,'''I'll never give up my Dior mascara.''' ,'''Ingredients should not read like a chemistry experiment!''' ,'''As cute as baby clothes are... I try to buy less.''' ,'''I don't know if it's ever OK for someone to be selfish. Perhaps there's a time and place to be self-centered, but I think selfish never wins the race.''' ,'''My husband always smells good to me.''' ,'''I love the surprise element of being a mom.''' ,'''I am a very hopeful person.''' ,'''Maternal health remains a staggering challenge, particularly in the developing world. Globally, a woman dies from complications in childbirth every minute.''' ,'''Kissing scenes with a boy or a girl, they're awkward. There's nothing sexy about it. There's a lot of people standing around.''' ,'''My heart gets very tender when it comes to playing someone who has wronged someone else. I almost feel like it's easier for me to play having been wronged than it is to actually feel like you had an active part in hurting someone.''' ,'''Listen, the obvious thing to remember is without dark, there is no light, and without light, there is no dark.''' ,'''I love what I do and I think it shows. As my kids get older, they can see me as a mom who loves working.''' ,'''I love to wear dresses when I'm pregnant.''' ,'''I don't remember, at 19, someone giving me a golden key and saying, 'Welcome to Hollywood; which job would you like?'''' ,'''I use only essential oils for perfumes.''' ,'''The only thing I never have unless I'm pregnant is heartburn.''' ,'''I was never a rail-thin person.''' ,]
+++