+++
author = "Debbie Macomber"
title = "Debbie Macomber Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Debbie Macomber Quotes"
keywords = "debbie macomber,debbie macomber quotes,debbie macomber quote,debbie macomber sayings,debbie macomber saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My office walls are covered with autographs of famous writers - it's what my children call my 'dead author wall.' I have signatures from Mark Twain, Earnest Hemingway, Jack London, Harriett Beecher Stowe, Pearl Buck, Charles Dickens, Rudyard Kipling, Alfred, Lord Tennyson, to name a few.''' ,'''I'm a yarnaholic. That means I have more yarn stashed away than any one person could possibly use in three or four lifetimes. There's something inspiring about yarn that makes me feel I could never have enough.''' ,'''First and foremost, I consider myself a storyteller. And I'm endlessly fascinated with people, with what they do and why... and how they feel about it. Which means I'm interested in romance fiction. I was drawn to it, as both a reader and a writer, at the very beginning of my career. It's my kind of storytelling.''' ,'''Readers have actually changed the way I've done things, changed the course of my career even, about four or five times. Just from reader feedback.''' ,'''In my books and in romance as a genre, there is a positive, uplifting feeling that leaves the reader with a sense of encouragement and hope for a brighter future - or a brighter present.''' ,'''Romance focuses on emotions and on relationships, both of which are fundamentally important to women.''' ,'''We all face difficulties of our own, and how comforting it is to immerse yourself in a book - my book, any book, any romance. It's entertainment, it's escape, and it can even be an inspiration!''' ,'''I'm dyslexic, although they didn't have a word for it when I was in grade school. The teachers said I had 'word blindness.'''' ,'''I've always been a creative speller and never achieved good grades in school. I graduated from high school but didn't have the opportunity to attend college, so I did what young women my age did at the time - I married.''' ,'''I am a big popcorn fanatic. I love popcorn. In fact one year for my birthday, my husband bought me one of those big popcorn machines like they have in movie theaters.''' ,]
+++