+++
author = "Guy Ryder"
title = "Guy Ryder Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Guy Ryder Quotes"
keywords = "guy ryder,guy ryder quotes,guy ryder quote,guy ryder sayings,guy ryder saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Workers' disillusionment is deepened by the knowledge that, as their average wages grow slowly or stagnate, the very wealthy are growing significantly wealthier.''' ,'''It's not going to be technology. It's not going to be globalization. It's going to be policy decisions and policy settings that will form the future of work.''' ,'''Family-supportive policies, which enable women to remain and progress in paid employment and encourage men to take their fair share of care work, are crucial to achieving gender equality at work.''' ,'''Placing decent work and social justice at the core of policymaking is simply a recognition of the obvious: none of us can build a better future for ourselves unless we include others.''' ,'''Child labour is a global problem that needs a response from all sides. This means measures to help reduce poverty, improve education, enforce laws, improve employment prospects for adults, and ensure there are no benefits in employing children under working age.''' ,'''In the past, action to combat climate change was viewed largely as running counter to economic growth, with 'going green' implying a sacrifice of prosperity for the sake of the environment. Today, we know better.''' ,'''If you get better educated, you might yourself higher up the ladder, but the ladder will still be there.''' ,'''When labor migration is properly managed, it is a conduit for skills and wages to flow where they are most needed. It can, and must, be a triple-win, benefiting migrants and their families, their home country, and their destination.''' ,'''Social justice is the surest guarantor of peace in the world.''' ,'''Look at the experience of 2008. Who are the countries who negotiated the storms of 2008 best? They were the countries which were able to sit business with labor at the table, with government, and work out a way of getting through the storm. And I don't think that is a controversial statement.''' ,'''We need economic growth that is sustainable and job-rich rather than just statistically impressive.''' ,'''Expanding access to decent work opportunities is the most effective way to increase labor-market participation, lift people out of poverty, reduce inequality, and drive economic growth. It should be at the center of policymaking. The alternative is a dog-eat-dog world in which too many will feel left out.''' ,]
+++