+++
author = "Deep Roy"
title = "Deep Roy Quotes"
quotes_len = "26"
description = "the best 26 Deep Roy Quotes"
keywords = "deep roy,deep roy quotes,deep roy quote,deep roy sayings,deep roy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I picked 'It's Not Unusual,' and then I did the little hop that Tom Jones does and moved my hips. Tim loved it. He came up to me and said, 'Did you know that I used Tom Jones in 'Edward Scissorhands'?'''' ,'''In the end, I was producing movements for over 40 Oompa-Loompas.''' ,'''I am proportional, and I'm very lucky for that.''' ,'''Whether you're a dwarf, whether you're a midget, it's all branding.''' ,'''Word leaked out that there's only one man playing all Loompas.''' ,'''Inspiration comes from within yourself. One has to be positive. When you're positive, good things happen.''' ,'''Keenser is a smart alien. I try to bring a little bit of comedy into it, but he's a great thinker.''' ,'''I want portray a Bond villain. I think I'd give Bond a great run as the villain.''' ,'''If a scene called for numerous Oompas to join in a narrative song and dance, I would perform the steps for all of them with subtle distinctions of expression and movement. When the images were joined with the help of a computer, I became an entire troupe.''' ,'''I enjoy wine collecting and great food.''' ,'''My favorite is Augustus Gloop's song because it's very Bollywood. I kept telling Tim, 'We've got to do a Bollywood number!' and finally, he said okay.''' ,'''I was a big fan of 'Star Trek.' But then again, you know, 'Star Trek', 'Star Wars', 'Doctor Who', I wasn't a big fan, but you know, when they ask you and they cast you and it drops in your lap, how can you say no to these franchises.''' ,'''I don't play any instruments, but I do read a lot.''' ,'''Since becoming a global star, if I may say so, I feel six feet tall.''' ,'''People were asking me who were going to be the other Oompas, and I said to them, 'I don't know.'''' ,'''I see them turn around to get a second look. You hear a lot of people laugh at you. So what? I used to get upset about it, but not anymore. You know, laugh all you can.''' ,'''I'm not a professional dancer, but I can move!''' ,'''The most important thing is never to forget to always have love in your heart.''' ,'''Though I'm Punjabi, I'm often mistaken to be a Mexican or Spaniard.''' ,'''My height is immaterial; it's my heart and mind which count.''' ,'''May the Force be with J.J. I think he'll reinvent 'Star Wars,' like he did with 'Star Trek.'''' ,'''I'd love to be in the Bollywood movies. The producers here can call me - collect! I'm a Punjab da munda.''' ,'''Life is what you make of it. You can make it easy on yourself or you can make it hard.''' ,'''When Tim and I first discussed the part in 2003, he told me, 'I'd love for you to play five Oompas.' But five Oompas quickly turned into 165 - and they're not computerized; I did each one individually myself.''' ,'''When it comes time to dance, they're like a regiment; they do the same steps - except for the Mike Teavee dance, where the Oompas play in a rock band. I learned to play the guitar for that one.''' ,'''The thing about this business is you have to take the work while you can.''' ,]
+++