+++
author = "Chris Paul"
title = "Chris Paul Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Chris Paul Quotes"
keywords = "chris paul,chris paul quotes,chris paul quote,chris paul sayings,chris paul saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I grew up on games like Madden and NBA Jam, then moved on to NFL 2K on Dreamcast. The game I really loved was Virtua Tennis.''' ,'''I love New Orleans.''' ,'''I'm a little brother. I've always been small. People have said I have a Napoleon complex. But I've always had to fight for everything that I have.''' ,'''Being from North Carolina, it's kind of slow-paced. There's not too much going on there, whereas in New Orleans, there's always something going on. I just love all the people, going out to dinner and enjoying anything I want.''' ,'''Family was real important in putting me on my path. I'm so blessed to come from a home with a mother and a father.''' ,'''Most of the time, if you ask a kid who's their best friend, it's usually a classmate or their neighbor or something, but for me, it was my granddad. Everybody knew him - they called him Mr. Jones.''' ,'''I don't care what anybody says, there's nothing like the cultural influence of hip-hop. For me, hip-hop culture is involved in everything - it's in me, in who I am, in how I dress, how I talk. It's in my son and my wife.''' ,'''I play basketball to win a championship. That championship is everything to me. And that's what gets people to buy in to your brand - being a winner.''' ,'''One of the things you learn when you go overseas is how much a lot of the countries overseas really just like to enjoy life.''' ,'''I try to penetrate the lane like Steve Nash, pass like Jason Kidd, and handle the ball like Allen Iverson. Remember, I said 'try to'.''' ,'''I realize that I'm not going to be doing interviews for the cover of 'GQ' for the rest of my life, know what I mean? I'm on TV because I play basketball really well.''' ,'''I've been fortunate to be short my entire life. There's only one position I've ever had to play, and that's point guard. So I've always had to be that leader. And that was my job: you know, to talk.''' ,'''No matter where you put me, I don't care if it is North Carolina, Florida, California, New York City; I'm going to be who I am.''' ,'''From day one, since I was traded to the Clippers, the team has been amazing to not only me, but to my family.''' ,'''I always have said that the most valuable thing I have isn't money; it's my time.''' ,'''I trust my wife more than I trust myself.''' ,'''I have a Dominique Wilkins Hawks jersey that I still wear. That's probably my favorite one. What's funny is that I spend all this time collecting jerseys, and now people are out there collecting mine.''' ,'''I love people. I hate to be by myself.''' ,'''If my son is happy, then I am happy.''' ,'''You don't always have to be a leader and be as vocal as I am. I'm sure some people would love it if I didn't talk as much as I did.''' ,'''In everything I've done, I always just hated to lose more than I like to win.''' ,'''I can dunk! I can dunk, and not just in NBA Live.''' ,'''I love Polo. I have a lot of Ralph Lauren suits. I got Dolce, I got a little bit of everything. And my favorite thing about Ralph Lauren is that he puts the number three on a lot of his clothes, so I feel like it's meant for me.''' ,]
+++