+++
author = "Jim Jordan"
title = "Jim Jordan Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Jim Jordan Quotes"
keywords = "jim jordan,jim jordan quotes,jim jordan quote,jim jordan sayings,jim jordan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Someone is going to have to explain to me at some time how raising taxes on job-creators is going to create more jobs.''' ,'''Here's the thing Washington always misses. Washington always wants a deal. America wants a solution. Americans sent us here to solve problems.''' ,'''If you're not willing to work, you're never going to be able to experience the American Dream.''' ,'''Obamacare is bureaucrats getting between you and your doctor, and that's what Americans most dislike about this legislation.''' ,'''I was looking for a new challenge and got an interest in trying to make a difference for families. You become more aware of how important families are. They are the key institution in our culture. The reason I got into politics was to try to make a difference for that key institution, whether it was tax policy, education policy, or whatever.''' ,'''What I don't want to do is restrict law-abiding citizens from their Second Amendment rights, which are focused on freedom. I point out all the time. Remember, bad guys aren't stupid, they're just bad.''' ,'''I think it's appropriate in America for anyone to speak out and say what their reaction is to the president's State of the Union speech.''' ,'''For me, I think being a conservative means you are focused on all four key principles: strong defense, lower taxes, less spending, and defending traditional American values.''' ,'''I am very concerned about anything that says 'revenue' because let's just be honest; revenue for Democrats has become code for tax increases.''' ,'''The American people are tired of the out-of-control spending, and they want Washington to get their act in order and stop spending money we don't have.''' ,'''This administration, this agency, the very agency charged with enforcing Obamacare, systematically targeted groups that came into existence because they opposed Obamacare - and they started the targeting the very month, March 2010, that Obamacare came into law - expects us to believe it is the work of two rogue agents in Cincinnati.''' ,'''You get married and have kids, and you get sick of having the government take your money and tell you what to do. I'm just a conservative guy.''' ,'''The truth is, our corporate income taxes are some of the highest in the world, and frankly, in my judgment it's unpatriotic if you're not for reducing the corporate income tax. We want to make it so American companies are on a more level playing field competing with companies around the world.''' ,]
+++