+++
author = "Salt Bae"
title = "Salt Bae Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Salt Bae Quotes"
keywords = "salt bae,salt bae quotes,salt bae quote,salt bae sayings,salt bae saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm the happiest man in the world.''' ,'''Meat has become a passion for me.''' ,'''Every day for me is the same.''' ,'''I get all of my motivation from my customers.''' ,'''Being tired isn't anything. What's important is the mind. The body being tired isn't important. You can get over the body being tired by resting for a half-hour or an hour. What's important is whether the mind is tired.''' ,'''Without much money, I traveled to Argentina to see the meat industry, and after that, I wanted to travel to the United States, but I was refused a visa 5 or 6 times, but I never gave up.''' ,'''I eat oatmeal a lot, before I work out or after.''' ,'''I've become a brand.''' ,'''The shape of the meat and the taste of it starting from the top down is a part of me. All of my feelings are coming from inside of the meat down to when I put the salt onto the meat.''' ,'''I love myself.''' ,'''My father and mother do not know literacy. I cannot go to school due to financial difficulties. I started to working at a butcher as an apprentice when I was 14.''' ,'''In the morning after my workout, I eat egg whites, very little toasted bread, cheese, tomatoes.''' ,'''It shows that I'm an international brand if I open up in New York.''' ,'''I'm not a movie star, but I still get my photograph taken when I walk down the street, hundreds of times. I never say no.''' ,'''I'm a leader at the restaurant. If I do this, the people at the restaurant will try to do better. I believe in that, and that's the way it is.''' ,'''Since I was 14, I worked more than 13 hours a day as a kitchen runner for a butcher.''' ,'''Sunday morning, I wake up at, like, 6 or 6:30 to go to the gym. I drink a glass of water, and then, before I start my workout, I drink a cup of coffee.''' ,'''I eat a protein-heavy diet.''' ,'''My new hometown is America. But I live with my work.''' ,'''In New York, there are many steakhouses. We would like to show that Nusr-et is different than the others in service, meat quality, and connection with the customers.''' ,'''I am the son of a mine worker.''' ,'''New York City is the center of the world. There is an energy here. People from all over the world feel at home here.''' ,'''In Turkey, butchering was a low-class, degrading job. Now, thanks to me, all the kids want to become butchers.''' ,]
+++