+++
author = "Mireille Mathieu"
title = "Mireille Mathieu Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Mireille Mathieu Quotes"
keywords = "mireille mathieu,mireille mathieu quotes,mireille mathieu quote,mireille mathieu sayings,mireille mathieu saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I arrive at the theatre four hours before the beginning of the performance. I must get accustomed to the hall even if I know it well.''' ,'''I was 4 years old when I sang in public for the very first time.''' ,'''Who is happy with his appearance? I find many drawbacks of myself. But, each time when I visit Lourdes, I receive a lesson of reconciliation. When you see ill people or invalids around, you realize that it is a sin to complain!''' ,'''It is impossible to live without love. You must have the feeling of being loved.''' ,'''In the life of a singer, it's not all triumphs and happy memories; there are days you have to go out there when it's the last thing you feel like doing.''' ,'''I find many drawbacks of myself. But, each time when I visit Lourdes, I receive a lesson of reconciliation. When you see ill people or invalids around, you realize that it is a sin to complain!''' ,'''The most remarkable moment is when you go out on the stage and you hear the applause of the audience!''' ,'''Music is the best way for me to say I love you.''' ,'''My songs always speak of love, that's the way I like them.''' ,'''Love in capital letters is important. It is impossible to live without love. You must have the feeling of being loved. All artists need love - from the audience, friends and relatives. But true and faithful friends are exceptionally rare.''' ,'''It doesn't matter if you have a desperate heart when you have to sing about joy; it doesn't matter if you're scared to death when the lights go on.''' ,'''There's the fatigue that you have to forget about, because the red curtain still has to rise.''' ,]
+++