+++
author = "Ana Navarro"
title = "Ana Navarro Quotes"
quotes_len = "83"
description = "the best 83 Ana Navarro Quotes"
keywords = "ana navarro,ana navarro quotes,ana navarro quote,ana navarro sayings,ana navarro saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I became a Republican, before I knew what a Republican even was, because of Ronald Reagan.''' ,'''I think you can applaud President Trump's efforts on health care if that's where you lie. I think you can applaud his naming of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, but I think when he does something like make a veiled threat against the former FBI Director... I think people expect for leaders to step up and condemn that.''' ,'''Charlie Crist has gone through his entire political life with one stump speech - his grandfather polishing shoes.''' ,'''Unless I move to a desert island with poor reception, I'll never stop speaking out!''' ,'''As exhausted as they may be, Republicans need to appeal to their sense of consciousness. To their principles. To what is right and wrong. To American values.''' ,'''I'm really - there's more of a chance that I stay on the Titanic than - than I go on, you know, on a Donald Trump boat.''' ,'''Nobody does more identity politics than Donald Trump.''' ,'''Trump enabled, allowed, peddled to, and promoted the worst in America - racism, division, discrimination, misogyny - during his campaign. I will never forget or forgive him for that.''' ,'''Some Americans question Donald Trump's legitimacy as president. Others are angry any questioning occurs. Let's not forget that one of Donald Trump's claims to fame was precisely such questioning. He openly doubted the legitimacy - more than that, the citizenship - of President Barack Obama.''' ,'''Attacking another American's qualifications solely based on his ethnic background is bigotry. Plain and simple.''' ,'''I think if there aren't Republicans standing up to Trump and showing America that he does not represent the Republican Party, then he has the potential to ruin the brand and turn it into toxic waste for generations.''' ,'''I think there's such disgust and frustration because of Trump that people see me as the vessel for that frustration. They see me as the person who can give voice to what they're feeling.''' ,'''I hate picking a bone with Paul Ryan; he's a friend of mine, but I think he needs to walk and chew gum at the same time.''' ,'''I'm a Latina from Miami. I pity you if you think you're going out-shout me.''' ,'''I am uncomfortable with Sarah Palin. I have nothing against her. I'll say she's a very talented woman. Yet I think she owes John McCain her gratitude and loyalty.''' ,'''I love Marco Rubio, and I love Jeb Bush. But I've loved Jeb longer.''' ,'''Here is the most important thing for us all to remember, for the sake of our common sanity and safety: In America, the right to vote and democratically elect a president is just as precious and valued as the right to protest and express yourself against that president.''' ,'''The liberals love you until you say something critical about Hillary Clinton.''' ,'''It's quite unbelievable that Charlie Crist is getting away with this reinvention of himself - this rewriting of history for blatantly political purposes. Other than his gender, the guy has flip-flopped on everything, and I don't put that past him either.''' ,'''I have been a Republican since I came to this country, fleeing communism when I was eight years old and Ronald Reagan was president.''' ,'''Peddling to racism is just as bad as being a racist.''' ,'''We must have zero tolerance for sexual harassment, even if the perpetrator is somebody we like and admire.''' ,'''I'm very happy that Paul Ryan has decided to treat Donald Trump like a Zika mosquito: avoid contact, or you will be infected.''' ,'''I've spent many hours on national TV talking about politics and current affairs, including sexual harassment and the #MeToo Movement.''' ,'''The one thing I've always tried to do in my life, in my work, on TV, is I just keep it real. I find it hard and time-consuming to try to be fake.''' ,'''If you're going to worry about what you said on TV, then don't get on TV.''' ,'''I'm not saying all Trump supporters are deplorable, but I am saying that the president of the United States has got to measure his words and be more careful about what he says.''' ,'''Hypocrisy needs to be called out in American politics, and the absurd has reached the point where it is just insufferable.''' ,'''I fled communism as a child. That's an experience that can shape you forever.''' ,'''I was a Republican before Donald Trump was a Republican. I was a Republican when Donald Trump was a Democrat. I was a Republican when Donald Trump was an independent. And I'm going to be a Republican when Donald Trump gets tired of being a Republican.''' ,'''I think Steve Bannon is much to-do about nothing. I think this is a guy who wants to create his own myth.''' ,'''I cast my vote against Donald Trump. I did it without joy or enthusiasm. I did it out of civic duty and love for our country.''' ,'''I can very much look into the camera and say, 'I believe Donald Trump is a racist.' You don't get to make textbook racist remarks for a year and not be a racist. You don't get to make textbook sexist remarks for a year and not be a misogynist.''' ,'''Donald Trump has shown us his dark heart, has shown us his racism.''' ,'''For too long, I think the African-American community has been taken for granted by one party and completely ignored by the other. It is not acceptable. It's not good for the parties, for the country, or for the community.''' ,'''At some point, you got to stop caring about people's expectations and care only about your expectations of yourself.''' ,'''There's something in the Latino community called 'la promesa de Obama' - Obama's promise. He made very specific promises to the Latino community. He committed to enacting comprehensive immigration reform within his first year.''' ,'''I - look, I, you know, I find Donald Trump completely un-presidential, unacceptable. I don't like his methods. I don't think he's got any policies.''' ,'''I get paid to talk politics, which I've done my entire life and I would do for free anyway.''' ,'''The only thing I can stand about the Trump campaign are Ivanka's shoes.''' ,'''I really do not have a favorite amongst Trump surrogates. They all look the same to me. They really all sound eerily alike.''' ,'''I believe in the redemptive need to admit mistakes, express regret, and ask for forgiveness.''' ,'''The diversity in the CNN makeup room - it's like Ellis Island! No, it's like Noah's Ark: there are two of everything.''' ,'''I'm not sure gay marriage was an issue that made or didn't make any single election that I can think of.''' ,'''I wasn't born in Mexico - I was born in Nicaragua - but I know that, when somebody like Donald Trump says 'Mexicans,' he means all of us. He means anybody who comes from south of the border.''' ,'''When someone shows you who they are, the first time, believe them.''' ,'''Why am I a liberal? Because I don't forget that I'm an immigrant and that I'm a Hispanic and that I have a Latin accent when I speak English, and I want to defend those who get racially profiled by people who would discriminate against us?''' ,'''If you are an American, you have got to defend the standards of the presidency of the United States.''' ,'''I work in politics and media, two industries that have been particularly affected by the issue of misconduct. We have seen famous and powerful men finally pay a price for behavior they got away with for decades. Many have lost their positions and status - rightly so.''' ,'''Denying that the issue of marriage equality has changed is being on the wrong side of history and on the wrong side of love and commitment.''' ,'''I voted against Donald Trump for every American who looks and sounds like me. Because we love this country. We are proud of this country. We stand as equals in the United States of America.''' ,'''The Republican Party I grew up in was a Republican Party of family unity.''' ,'''People ask me if I have comedy writers, and I'm like, 'Are you kidding me?'''' ,'''It must be so nice to be a white male.''' ,'''Miami is one of these places where diversity is in our blood, where, you know, if you want to go have a Nicaraguan breakfast, a Cuban lunch, and an American diner dinner, you do.''' ,'''People say to me all the time, 'When did you know that you had fully become an American?' And I say, 'The day I realized I loved peanut butter.'''' ,'''If you can't control your tweeting habits, then stop tweeting. Go seek therapy.''' ,'''I know Marco Rubio very well. He's a friend of mine. He's a man of deep faith. He is a man who follows Catholic dogma and - you know, for whom religion is very important.''' ,'''I really use social media to keep up with what's happening.''' ,'''It is to the advantage of Hispanics not to be taken for granted by one party and ignored by the other. Hispanics will realize their political power only if courted and engaged by both sides.''' ,'''There is a minimum requirement of morality, of moral compass, of decency, of moral empathy. And if you are incapable of meeting that minimum requirement, you can't even talk to me about policy.''' ,'''Candidates are up one day, down the other. Candidates' fortunes turn on a dime. They can be determined by a good or bad debate performance.''' ,'''I think the White House is a better place for not having a Steve Bannon in it.''' ,'''I'm more optimistic than most.''' ,'''Politics is a pendulum.''' ,'''Look, does gender play a part in how people perceive Hillary Clinton? Yes. But it's also not the reason people criticize her about the emails or Benghazi.''' ,'''I support same-sex marriage.''' ,'''It's crucial to democracy and good government to scrutinize our public officials.''' ,'''Romney is not funny. When he tries to be, it often comes across as awkward.''' ,'''The problem is Donald Trump was an outsider to politics. He really didn't have a team of seasoned political veterans around him who had worked together and knew how to work together and get something done.''' ,'''Donald Trump, unlikely Mitt Romney, is not awkward about his money. He has absolutely no qualms about saying, 'I'm rich.'''' ,'''I'm not the kind of person that sits around kind of envisioning things.''' ,'''The fake news and the lying doesn't surprise me anymore. The one thing we know he is consistent about, Trump, is lying.''' ,'''We're no longer saying that people who are pro traditional marriage are bigots, and we're also not saying that people who are, like me, a Republican that is for gay marriage, is less of a Republican.''' ,'''There is nothing more American than acknowledging that even if we don't agree politically, even if we don't agree with the president, even if we don't like each other, all of us have the same rights.''' ,'''Republicans need to speak up, and people need to know that not all Republicans are represented by the hostile, vile voice of Donald Trump.''' ,'''If you can't be president - if you cannot stand up and represent Americans, you should not be president.''' ,'''I'm as desperate as anyone for there to be a DACA deal, for there to a deal on DREAMers.''' ,'''It's become easy for Americans to live in a cocoon of monolithic ideology and thought. It's time to embrace diversity of thought and diversity of experience.''' ,'''I try to be very aware of opportunities as they arise. But I don't sit around staring at my navel and thinking about my brand development.''' ,'''I think what Donald Trump needs to do is quit. I think he needs to stop being the Republican nominee.''' ,'''Donald Trump is either a racist or peddling to it, and both are frankly unacceptable and make him unfit to be president of the United States.''' ,'''Had my parents not had visas, had my parents not had the resources to hire lawyers, I would be a DREAM Act kid, too.''' ,]
+++