+++
author = "Libba Bray"
title = "Libba Bray Quotes"
quotes_len = "20"
description = "the best 20 Libba Bray Quotes"
keywords = "libba bray,libba bray quotes,libba bray quote,libba bray sayings,libba bray saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''So much of the literature we had to read for high school English class was filled with victimized, tragic, symbolic women who spurred the plot forward with their inevitable shunning/death/shunning-followed-by-pregnancy-followed-by-death timelines.''' ,'''I'm related to Davy Crockett on my mom's side. Honest.''' ,'''Naming my favorite books feels like naming a favorite child - impossible.''' ,'''When you live in Brooklyn, if you throw a rock, you'll hit a writer - Jonathan Safran Foer, Jonathan Lethem, Paul Auster.''' ,'''I got married in Florence, Italy. My husband and I were in love but totally broke, so we eloped and got married in Italy, where he was going on a business trip. We had to pull a guy off the street to be our witness. It was incredibly romantic. Florence is still one of my favorite cities in the world.''' ,''''Pastoralia' by George Saunders. Possibly my favorite book. It's one of the weirdest books I've ever read. If Monty Python and Thomas Pynchon had a love child, and it was raised by Frank Zappa on a weird commune, that would be this book.''' ,'''My dad was a Presbyterian minister. Yes, I am one of those dreaded P.K.s - Preacher's Kids. Be afraid.''' ,'''I'm one of those people who has to write. If I don't write, I feel itchy and depressed and cranky. So everybody's glad when I write and stop complaining already.''' ,'''Any book that can help you survive the slings and arrows of adolescence is a book to love for life; 'The Catcher in the Rye' did just that, and I still do love it.''' ,''''The Catcher in the Rye.' When I was a teenager, that was my book; yes, somebody gets it, somebody gets adolescence.''' ,'''I love to be scared. Not, 'Hey, I think I smell smoke...' scared, but creepy, paranoid, what's-that-out-there-in-the-dark, ghost story scared. It's no surprise that I was the girl who got invited to the slumber parties because I could be counted on to tell a tale to scare the bejesus out of you.''' ,'''It's so daunting to walk into a classroom or a school auditorium. It's like the world's weirdest blind date. I know all the students are thinking, 'Who is this tool standing up in front of us?'''' ,'''My joke is that my father was a minister and my mother was an English teacher, so I'm trained to see the world in terms of symbols, which is hard when you just want to make toast.''' ,'''I'm a techno moron. I need help just to plug in my video camera.''' ,'''We're still expected to color within the lines of accepted femininity, and women who step out of those lines are usually attacked, whether verbally or physically.''' ,'''You know that moment in 'The Matrix' when Neo takes the red pill and is plunged into the real world? That's what it felt like when I first read 'Watchmen' - like someone was taking a can opener to my head to make room for Moore's audacious brilliance.''' ,'''I was a big reader as a kid, but it was 'Charlotte's Web' that showed me you could feel as if you were actually living inside a book.''' ,'''Sitting in my favorite coffeehouse with a new notebook and a hot cup of java is my idea of Heaven.''' ,'''I grew up doing theatre and spent a long time as a playwright. I still think very visually when I write.''' ,'''We're comfortable with women in certain roles but not comfortable with women expressing anger or fully accepting their power. The most daring question a woman can ask is, 'What do I want?'''' ,]
+++