+++
author = "Charles Kuralt"
title = "Charles Kuralt Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Charles Kuralt Quotes"
keywords = "charles kuralt,charles kuralt quotes,charles kuralt quote,charles kuralt sayings,charles kuralt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''TV critics, who traditionally hate television and make their living writing about it, often didn't like what I did on the air.''' ,'''In television, everything is gone with the speed of light, literally. It is no field for anybody with intimations of immortality.''' ,'''I don't have any well-developed philosophy about journalism. Ultimately it is important in a society like this, so people can know about everything that goes wrong.''' ,'''I believe that writing is derivative. I think good writing comes from good reading.''' ,'''We always take credit for the good and attribute the bad to fortune.''' ,'''You can find your way across this country using burger joints the way a navigator uses stars.''' ,'''I can't say that I've changed anybody's life, ever, and that's the real work of the world, if you want a better society.''' ,'''I used to think that driving, sleepless, ambitious labor was what you needed to succeed.''' ,'''I saw how many people were poor and how many kids my age went to school hungry in the morning, which I don't think most of my contemporaries in racially segregated schools in the South thought very much about at the time.''' ,'''It does no harm just once in a while to acknowledge that the whole country isn't in flames, that there are people in the country besides politicians, entertainers, and criminals.''' ,'''I would love to write something that people would still read 50 or 100 years from now. That comes with growing older, I think.''' ,'''Since my retirement, I've spent a lot of time trying to help the School of Social Work at the University of North Carolina. A society like this just can't afford an uneducated underclass of citizens.''' ,'''Just by luck, I picked good heroes to worship.''' ,'''I didn't like the competitiveness of big-time journalism.''' ,'''It's best to leap into something you know you love. You might change your mind later, but that is the privilege of youth.''' ,'''I could tell you which writer's rhythms I am imitating. It's not exactly plagiarism, it's falling in love with good language and trying to imitate it.''' ,'''I think I'd have done better if I had been a little more relaxed-if I had not pressed quite so hard, if I'd not lost quite so much sleep.''' ,'''I remember being in the public library and my jaw just aching as I looked around at all those books I wanted to read. There just wasn't time enough to read everything I wanted to read.''' ,'''For a while there, I was a stringer. The expression comes from the old habit of stringing together the column inches that you had written. They'd measure it and pay you 10 cents an inch for your printed copy.''' ,'''I recognize that I had a good deal of good luck in my life. I came along at a time when it was pretty easy to get a job in journalism. I went to work at CBS News when I was about 22, and within a year or so was reporting on the air.''' ,'''I don't think I had a reputation as a hard worker, but inside I was always being eaten up by the pressures.''' ,'''Now that I look back on it, having retired from being a reporter, it was kind of romantic. It was a wonderful way to live one's life, just as I imagined it would be when I was 6 or 7.''' ,'''I can't remember a time when I didn't want to be a reporter. I don't know where I got the idea that it was a romantic calling.''' ,'''When I was a little boy I used to borrow my father's hat, and make a press card to stick in the hat band. That was the way reporters were always portrayed in the movies.''' ,'''I suppose I was a little bit of what would be called today a nerd. I didn't have girlfriends, and really I wasn't a very social boy.''' ,'''There are a lot of people who are doing wonderful things, quietly, with no motive of greed, or hostility toward other people, or delusions of superiority.''' ,'''Kids are always asked, What are you going to be when you grow up? I needed an answer. So instead of saying, a fireman, or a policeman, I said, a reporter.''' ,'''There is such a thing as a national conscience, and it can be touched.''' ,'''It was so much fun to have the freedom to wander America, with no assignments. For 25 or 30 years I never had an assignment. These were all stories I wanted to do myself.''' ,'''The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege.''' ,'''I'm not any kind of social reformer.''' ,'''I don't think one should ever come to my stage of life and have to look back and say, Gosh. I wish I hadn't spent all those years doing that job I was never really interested in.''' ,'''A country so rich that it can send people to the moon still has hundreds of thousands of its citizens who can't read. That's terribly troubling to me.''' ,'''When we become a really mature, grown-up, wise society, we will put teachers at the center of the community, where they belong. We don't honor them enough, we don't pay them enough.''' ,'''I think all those people I did stories about measured their own success by the joy their work was giving them.''' ,'''Thanks to the Interstate Highway System, it is now possible to travel across the country from coast to coast without seeing anything.''' ,'''When I worked in Los Angeles covering hard news, very often when something important would happen I'd be off in the woods covering something unimportant, which was more interesting to me.''' ,'''I had a little insight into life that most kids probably didn't have. My mother was a schoolteacher, and my father was a social worker. Through his eyes I saw the underside of society.''' ,'''My mother, at least twice, cancelled our family's subscription to the newspaper I was working on, because she was so mad about its treatment of my father.''' ,'''The first books I was interested in were all about baseball. But I can't think of one single book that changed my life in any way.''' ,'''Look for joy in your life; it's not always easy to find.''' ,'''The everyday kindness of the back roads more than makes up for the acts of greed in the headlines.''' ,'''My parents encouraged me in everything I ever wanted to do.''' ,'''Good teachers know how to bring out the best in students.''' ,'''I wasn't a very discriminating reader. I read just about everything that came along.''' ,]
+++