+++
author = "Mother Angelica"
title = "Mother Angelica Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Mother Angelica Quotes"
keywords = "mother angelica,mother angelica quotes,mother angelica quote,mother angelica sayings,mother angelica saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There should be in the life of every married couple a continual building of the sacrament.''' ,'''The Christian experiences and lives a paradox. He possesses joy in sorrow, fulfillment in exile, light in darkness, peace in turmoil, consolation in dryness, contentment in pain and hope in desolation.''' ,'''Some people spend their time reasoning and thinking out everything, and so anything that cannot be fully understood, they will not accept. We call these people 'intellectuals.'''' ,'''No man can see God in this life and live because His glory would annihilate our poor, weak human nature.''' ,'''There are many who are not guilty of doing anything wrong but very guilty of sins of omission - the things they neglect to do - the good things - the kind, thoughtful words, compassionate thoughts and hopeful attitudes they might have had towards their neighbor.''' ,'''We must look at the personality of Jesus and see him under various circumstances - circumstances not unlike our own - and then praise him by imitating him to the best of our ability.''' ,'''Jesus showed me what it means to be holy - he did his father's will no matter how difficult it was to accomplish.''' ,'''The heart of Jesus is compassionate and understanding. It has felt the sting of ingratitude, and when my heart suffers from that same offense, I can turn to him, and he understands my feelings.''' ,'''Every moment of life is like a sacrament in which we can receive God. It is a channel through which God speaks to us, forms us, and directs us.''' ,'''Today's man of the world proclaims that sin, and his enterprising in sin, are a part of modern living, but it is not modern. It goes back to Adam and Eve - to desire and the temptation to know - to experience evil.''' ,'''It is good to have an intellectual awareness of our dependence upon God - to understand how great He is and how very small we are in His sight.''' ,'''A sacrament is a visible sign of an invisible reality.''' ,'''The proud intellectual seeks knowledge about God, but he never knows God, because he cannot accept the mysteries that he is unable to fully comprehend.''' ,'''Each angel that God created was in himself a masterpiece. Each one possessed his own degree of intelligence and his own beauty.''' ,'''Saints are ordinary people who do what they do for the love of Jesus, say what they must say without fear, love their neighbor even when they are cursed by him, and live without regret over yesterday or fear of tomorrow.''' ,'''Jesus feels my sorrow greater than I, for his love is infinite, and he suffers in an infinite way.''' ,'''God's grace is at its best in weakness, so we need never fear our weakness. In fact, these weaknesses will determine in what way we shall glorify God for all eternity.''' ,'''Any form of over-indulgence creates within the body warning signs of destruction.''' ,'''When our neighbor's personality possesses harsh qualities, we show our love by not voluntarily provoking those qualities in any way. Past experience shows us what upsets a person, so in their presence we are careful not to do or say those things that cause anger. We are self-effacing.''' ,'''Every retarded, deformed, crippled, handicapped, or senile person, who has been baptized, is a powerhouse for good in a wicked world by reason of the grace of God that dwells in his soul.''' ,'''Love is an emotional feeling on a human level and a faith experience on a supernatural level.''' ,'''Married life has become to many a necessary burden, but a burden that is shed very easily.''' ,'''Love fills and empties simultaneously. It makes us reach out to God, ready to be pruned, recklessly desiring whatever the cost. It soothes the aching heart and then makes it thirst for more.''' ,'''Jesus told us to learn from him how to be meek and humble of heart. We must look at his life if we are to have any concept of what humility is all about.''' ,'''To see a friend who has suffered the loss of all things begin again with trust and love, gives us strength to continue on.''' ,'''Obedience is a strong virtue, capable of making me master of my emotions by giving me more strength to conquer my pride as I submit to those above me out of respect for their God-given authority and those below me out of love.''' ,'''Our memories are our own, and we cannot blame anything or anyone in the past for any pain dwelling there. If we open the door to them or keep hashing over past incidents in our minds, we have only ourselves to blame.''' ,'''Our lack of forgiveness makes us hate, and our lack of compassion makes us hard-hearted. Pride in our hearts makes us resentful and keeps our memory in a constant whirlwind of passion and self-pity.''' ,'''Every Christian who strives for holiness of life experiences dryness of soul. It is to most people a heart-rending experience. It is a paradox, for the soul becomes confused when it realizes the harder it strives the further away Jesus seems to be.''' ,'''The wisdom of God is so great that He also knows exactly what I would think and do under every possible circumstance and situation, and he placed me in that state of life and situation best suited for my salvation.''' ,'''From the time of Adam and Eve, man has tried to escape suffering in any form.''' ,'''Like Jesus, every human being has enough memories in his past to occupy his time and thoughts continually. It is not the remembrance of these incidents but the reliving of them that creates havoc in our souls.''' ,'''Men are not born saints with special gifts and privileges. They fight against the world, the flesh and the devil, and as they conquer, the spirit of Jesus begins to shine through with more clarity.''' ,'''Saints are ordinary people who love Jesus, try to be like him, are faithful to the duties of their state in life, sacrifice themselves for their neighbor, and keep their hearts and minds free of this world.''' ,'''Jesus was loyal to his apostles, with full knowledge of their cowardice. He was loyal to the poor, accepting the criticism of the Pharisees, so the destitute would never feel deserted. He was loyal to his father, accomplishing his will even unto death.''' ,'''When man invents or produces anything of any value, volumes are written on the subject.''' ,'''When anyone arouses my anger, I will immediately pray for them and regain my peace of soul.''' ,'''I cannot bring Christ to my neighbor and to the world if I have not first given him to my family.''' ,'''When we begin to build walls of prejudice, hatred, pride, and self-indulgence around ourselves, we are more surely imprisoned than any prisoner behind concrete walls and iron bars.''' ,'''To a pagan, there is no purpose to suffering. As a result, he lives a life of loneliness and frustration.''' ,'''I have a tendency to judge everything in its relationship to me instead of the value it has in God's eyes. I cannot judge everything solely on its good or bad effect on me.''' ,'''I must listen as God speaks to my soul through good thoughts, inspirations, and intuitions.''' ,'''When our weaknesses affect health and friendship, we are very much aware of their existence.''' ,'''Love has been defined, analyzed, explained and excused. It has been the cause of wars, feuds, heroism, martyrdom, inordinate passion, and beautiful friendships. It pulls two people of opposite temperaments together into a married state and permits them to live happily. It makes friends understand each other without the necessity of words.''' ,'''Jesus asks me to go to him when I am overburdened. He did not promise to take away those burdens, for I must carry mine as he carried his.''' ,'''I am a mirror to my neighbor, and in that mirror, he must see a reflection of Jesus. If that mirror is cloudy or distorted, Jesus' reflection will be so vague it will hardly be seen.''' ,'''Every Christian is important - important to God, to the world, and to the kingdom.''' ,'''People live, work, walk, play, shop, study, and eat with other people. There are few desert dwellers who live alone without depending in some way on people.''' ,'''Death at times seems like a dark tunnel to be traveled, and the future seems bleak.''' ,'''Humility is preserved when I give credit where credit is due - to God.''' ,'''Men climb mountains, scale heights, venture into the unexplored to prove to other men it can be done.''' ,'''Healing and miracles have been a mystery to men of all times. To some, the phenomenon is frightening, while others find it exhilarating.''' ,'''Holiness of life is not the privilege of a chosen few - it is the obligation, the call, and the will of God for every Christian.''' ,'''We often forget that everything we see, animate or inanimate, is a visual manifestation of the work of our invisible God. We have become so accustomed to trees, mountains, sky, air, water, flowers, animals, vegetables and people that we no longer see them for what they are - God's work.''' ,'''Many of us use God's love like the manna in the desert. We take what we need for particular situations and then go our own way - thinking we can handle other situations ourselves.''' ,'''We are so accustomed to love on a human level that we find loving God for Himself either impossible or beyond our capabilities. We tend to love those who appeal to us, render us a service, or are good to us. In the degree they perform these various services, we love them.''' ,'''Every individual we meet is different than we are. Members of the same family differ one from the other. Friend differs from friend, husband from wife, sister from brother, nation from nation. All these differences make 'feeling' love difficult and isolated to specific individuals according to our tastes and their personalities.''' ,'''My life is such a contradiction. My soul yearns for holiness and then runs from the mortification necessary to attain it.''' ,'''Family life is the backbone of mankind, and that life is dependent upon mutual giving, sharing, and receiving from each other. It entails the proper use of each other's successes and failures for mutual up-building.''' ,'''God has always worked wonders through his prophets to increase the faith of His chosen people or to correct their disobedience.''' ,'''The woman is a gentle, loving bond who encourages, consoles, builds, reconciles, and makes all things new and vibrant. The woman is strength in time of suffering, courageous in failure, intuitive in time of danger. A woman is ingenuous when all fails, resourceful in times of want, and a true helpmate for man.''' ,'''Religious life is an encounter with the living God. Sometimes that encounter is preceded by a kind of soul-searching agony that tries desperately not to hear, runs in the opposite direction, and frantically tries to reason itself out of answering the invitation.''' ,'''I do not ask for the riches that perish or the fame that fades away like a morning mist.''' ,'''We resemble computers intellectually and animals emotionally.''' ,'''Is detachment the answer to freedom? No, because detachment is negative - it is to be without. The answer must be positive - I must replace what I have with something better.''' ,'''God knows Himself and every created thing perfectly. Not a blade of grass or the tiniest insect escapes His eye.''' ,'''Mary's life was a perfect imitation of Jesus. She was humble, hidden, sorrowful and afflicted, but she also knew joys that never entered the heart of man. She is all things to all men that she might understand their failings, though she failed not.''' ,'''God cannot forgive a sinner who does not acknowledge his sin.''' ,'''My failures may be my greatest successes. It is in failure that I have often drawn closer to God, learn to depend more on Him than myself, gained self-knowledge, and seen things in their right perspective.''' ,'''Neighbors are competitors instead of partners, suspicious instead of trustful, indifferent instead of helpful, cold instead of loving, greedy instead of generous. We no longer consider ourselves living in neighborhoods, but only as living next to 'hoods.'''' ,'''The sinner who suddenly realizes God's love for him and then looks at his rejection of that love feels a loss similar to the death of a loved one. A deep void is created in the soul and a loneliness akin to the agony of death.''' ,'''Each one of us has a particular virtue and faults that make the process of becoming like Jesus different.''' ,'''Jesus was happy when people acknowledged his dignity and saddened when they did not, but he never sought their esteem or regard.''' ,'''When I try to be patient on my own, my patience is forced and short-lived. It is obvious to everyone that I am desperately trying to be patient.''' ,'''Jesus did not always like the Apostles' way of acting, but by adapting himself to their temperament, praying for them to his father, giving them a holy example of conduct, he loved them, and that love changed them.''' ,'''We live in an age of technology and science that demands proof, and yet we desire mystery. But when God gives us mystery, we seek to destroy it by gross indifference or childish reasoning.''' ,'''No matter what Jesus did, someone found fault with it.''' ,'''Jesus wants us to trust him to take care of all our yesterdays and tomorrows.''' ,'''To God, all things are present; there is no past or future - it is all now.''' ,'''Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship.''' ,'''God's word is always effective and produces whatever it expresses. My words, on the contrary, cannot create anything; I can only change what already is into something else.''' ,'''Jesus made Himself available to everyone. Unlike former prophets and the religious men of His day, who often kept themselves aloof, Jesus was easy to approach and always ready to give his help.''' ,'''Salvation brings the soul a deep awareness of God's love. Life takes on more meaning, for it now has a purpose.''' ,'''For thirty years, Jesus never allowed his divinity to manifest itself. He was infinitely superior to everyone but never showed it.''' ,'''We live in an age that stresses personal goals, careers, happiness, work and religion. The emphasis is on the individual and how best that individual can satisfy himself.''' ,'''St. Paul did not want the sufferings encountered by being a Christian to discourage or dishearten anyone. He realized that when the Christian saw the blessings and grace that poured upon him after his trials, he would gain courage to suffer in his turn.''' ,'''A family spirit is not always synonymous with family life. Bone of our bone and flesh of our flesh makes for brothers, sisters and relatives, who may be as distant as strangers in a foreign land.''' ,'''No Christian needs to feel lonely or useless.''' ,'''At Baptism, I received grace - that quality that makes me share in the very nature of God.''' ,'''I am not like a pebble on the beach - a grain of sand on the seashore or just one of millions of human beings past, present and future. No, I am a unique human being loved by God as if I were an only child - the only fruit of his creative powers.''' ,'''Each one of us sees Jesus in a different way. To some, He was prophet, for they needed to know the kingdom was at hand. But most of all, He was the son of God, and He came to experience the consequences of the curse the Father had put upon mankind when Adam and Eve disobeyed.''' ,'''God has given each one of us a gift greater than a thousand I.B.M. machines. It is called a memory, and everything that passes through our five senses is stored in this faculty.''' ,'''God is a spirit and converses with us in a quiet atmosphere because our minds are not capable of listening to his voice when they are filled with noise and confusion.''' ,'''I must not permit the evil capabilities of human nature to sour my faith in the tremendous good that is possible despite the frailty of that nature.''' ,'''No creature, not even the most exalted angel, can understand God or have perfect knowledge of Him.''' ,'''Even if my fellow man has proven faithless time after time, I can at least retain a hope that he will improve, pray for him, and think kindly without frustration and disappointment.''' ,'''Man can and does rationalize his sins. He finds reasons for all his weakness, invents excuses that first calm and then deaden his conscience. He blames God, society, education, and environment for his wrong doing.''' ,'''Some people spend their time and thoughts in feeling, hearing, seeing, and listening. Whatever cannot be felt or experienced they will not accept. We call these people 'emotional.'''' ,'''For me, a thing must exist before I know it, but with God, it is different - he must know it before it has existence.''' ,'''Every time I say 'no' to a small temptation, I strengthen my will to say 'no' to a greater one.''' ,]
+++