+++
author = "Chad Michaels"
title = "Chad Michaels Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 Chad Michaels Quotes"
keywords = "chad michaels,chad michaels quotes,chad michaels quote,chad michaels sayings,chad michaels saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Drag Race' has changed my career and life profoundly.''' ,'''Yeah I love 'The Witches of Eastwick,' it's a classic, it's hilarious, I did a parody play in San Francisco and New York with Peaches Christ and Coco Peru.''' ,'''As long as there is a demand for me to visit other cities - and hopefully, other countries - that's what I want to do.''' ,'''It must be strange for any celebrity to come face to face with an impersonator. When you're that much of a personal icon and reference point that people impersonate you, it's gotta be a little weird.''' ,'''We're lucky as Drag Racers to have an opportunity to touch people's lives and in a lot of cases, change people's lives.''' ,'''It's not brain surgery. I focus on getting the costumes right, getting the body language. I do what I can with the makeup.''' ,'''I've built my career around my life instead of being consumed by the fame monster.''' ,'''She's not pretentious at all. I love that about her. I mean, she's this giant icon, but then she's just this little bohemian chick in Ugg boots and sweats. Sadly, Cher is only human.''' ,'''I'm definitely going to be setting up a trust fund for my little nephew, because I really want him to have a little bit of an advantage when it comes time for him to make his way in the world.''' ,'''I've worked with 'Dream Girls' here in Los Angeles and have done 'La Cage Aux Folles' in Vegas, traveled to London in 1999 and South America in 2001.''' ,'''It took me a while to get used to watching myself on TV.''' ,'''I don't always want to do Cher. I've been doing Cher for 25 years.''' ,'''This is my experience on 'RuPaul's Drag Race:' three square meals a day, a challenge and put to bed by 9:30 P. M. Honey it doesn't get any better than that.''' ,'''I never, ever anticipated I would be a 46-year-old man impersonating Cher.''' ,'''You're completely putting yourself on the line when you're in drag. They're either going to love you or they're going to hate you, but the most important part is having fun.''' ,'''It just feels good to be recognized, especially by RuPaul.''' ,'''It takes me to places I never would have gone, and I've met people all because what I do for a living.''' ,'''I love to get out and meet people.''' ,'''I was always a pretty theatrical kid, a draggy kid... a little sissy. I dressed up in my grandma's heels and clothes... It's always been in me.''' ,'''I don't like a lot of feathers and frills. I like a clean aesthetic, a Calvin Klein aesthetic.''' ,'''I have really tried to create a balance between my home life and my career.''' ,]
+++