+++
author = "Miquita Oliver"
title = "Miquita Oliver Quotes"
quotes_len = "82"
description = "the best 82 Miquita Oliver Quotes"
keywords = "miquita oliver,miquita oliver quotes,miquita oliver quote,miquita oliver sayings,miquita oliver saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was once given a huge LG TV, which was the size of a house... all because I went to a party!''' ,'''I was on holiday in Morocco and in the middle of nowhere some random strangers suddenly shouted out 'T4!' It was so out of the blue; l was terrified for a minute!''' ,'''Growing up, I saw Mum as being so celebratory of our culture. So I was surprised to hear - during discussions sparked by the Black Lives Matter protests - about the racism she experienced growing up, and the shame she once felt about being black.''' ,'''It was rough having my body develop, fluctuate and become fleshier in front of the 'Popworld' cameras.''' ,'''We didn't really like each other, Simon and I, because we didn't understand each other. We're very, very, very different people from very different lives.''' ,'''I dropped my prompt cards in front of Josh Hartnett once and I've never recovered.''' ,'''I remember one episode trying to be really gassed about The Darkness and thinking, 'This just feels really forced.'''' ,'''I did Justin Timberlake when I was 18 and I was so nervous I couldn't breathe properly. It was the first time I'd done an interview where I realized the scariest bit is the part before.''' ,'''I'm used to presenting programs about pop music, interviewing pop stars, and hosting awards.''' ,'''I'm quite bingey; I'll be really healthy for two weeks, but then I'll be really crap for a week. I don't get ill, though.''' ,'''Looking back, I had a great lockdown - the vibe of my family got me through it. Every night we'd cook, play tunes and dance.''' ,'''Any nature documentary or TV show will always make you start thinking differently about what surrounds us and how to take care of it.''' ,'''The interview with Busted changed everything - it was just so funny, and we were all on set and they couldn't stop laughing. And I remember thinking, 'We're onto something.'''' ,'''It isn't something I expected to be good at, but I am an amazing skier.''' ,''''The Victorians' show is like no TV I've done.''' ,'''I actually have a real soft spot for Kerry Katona.''' ,'''When you skip to a beat, it is a much more pleasurable way to stay active. It becomes a mixture of dance and skip.''' ,'''We grew up in west London, everyone was poor, and we bought our clothes from charity shops or from Portobello.''' ,'''I've received some very creepy letters, from some very creepy men.''' ,'''I've always been very honest about the fact my weight goes up and down, but I think that's the same for a lot of people.''' ,'''Shopping second hand has always just made me feel good.''' ,'''Do you know what, the reason I haven't worked loads and loads is because I got so lucky working on 'Popworld' and T4. They were such unique pieces of telly, so I got really spoiled.''' ,'''When I was declared bankrupt it felt like I was in a financial mess I would never get out of.''' ,'''Fashion shows scare me, and I've always been a bit more of a scruffbag. I'm not really put together like that.''' ,'''I like to be reminded that life is going on.''' ,'''Simon has always said we're a chat show pretending to be a music show.''' ,'''With 'Popworld' I've had the most brilliant time and I'm so proud of everything Simon and I have done with the show.''' ,'''When London first went into lockdown, Mum and I were in the car listening to the radio. We drove to our local Turkish supermarket and saw queues around the building. Everyone looked terrified. I burst into tears when I got home.''' ,'''That the word 'sustainable' can be a bit intimidating, but it's just about keeping an eye on your daily decisions.''' ,'''Black boys always fancy a mixed-race girl. That's my theory anyway.''' ,'''I do have a personal trainer who I'll go to every day - I lose loads of weight, then I get lazy and put it all back on again.''' ,'''I had a mini-breakdown and had to move back in with my parents. But then I got a great therapist and it saved my life.''' ,'''At 17 I was earning money I didn't know how to handle and before I knew it I owed thousands to the taxman.''' ,'''If you weren't nervous, you wouldn't have such a good time knowing that you did a good job.''' ,'''It's weird being mixed race, people never talk about the white side, they always talk about the black side.''' ,'''At the interview, they asked me what music I liked and what I thought of Britney Spears. I said she was an idiot. Then they said I'd got the job. I was absolutely terrified.''' ,'''I find real strength in Drake and I think it's because he's so gentle and confident in his delivery. It's like, he's not panicking and overselling himself or trying to lie.''' ,'''Quite a lot of the American rappers will be a bit confused by the humor and a bit lost. But I think you have to give people the benefit of the doubt.''' ,'''It sucks if you're having a fat day and you still have to go on TV.''' ,'''I've been going around London obsessing about people's gardens; I take pictures on my BlackBerry.''' ,'''I think I'm just realizing what a huge luxury it is to be able to do whatever we want on television.''' ,'''I went bankrupt and then I didn't tell anyone.''' ,'''I cannot express how much music got me through lockdown. I re-discovered Roberta Flack, Smokey Robinson, and Aretha Franklin.''' ,'''I'm not a huge fan of Britney Spears' music but I very much understand her relevance.''' ,'''I cut off my curls and got hair extensions because I felt they made me look more acceptable - more white. I just wasn't very comfortable being a mixed-race woman.''' ,'''I was in a tsunami with Simon Amstell.''' ,'''I just love second-hand clothes.''' ,'''The thing about 'Popworld' is it became such a luxury to be doing this great show every week, and to have people stop you in the street and say it's good.''' ,'''It's quite interesting to hear the different ways boys and girls talk about sex, because they're not so different at all.''' ,'''I like listening to reggae, hip hop, ragga and R&B when I am skipping.''' ,'''Paloma wool and all of the British Heart Foundation shops - I love checking out the latest donations to find quality, preloved pieces that no one else will have.''' ,'''I get angry when people go, 'Oh, you're just rude to people.'''' ,'''I'm proud of how long we did it for, I'm proud that we left when we did, I'm proud of everything about 'Popworld.'''' ,'''I was definitely getting too cosy. I would probably have done 'Popworld' until I was 60.''' ,'''I started listening to old music that represented Mum and us living in west London when I was younger, and delved deep: SWV, Soul II Soul, Mos Def, A Tribe Called Quest, Young Disciples, D'Angelo and lots of Wu Tang Clan.''' ,'''When I turned 30, six years ago, I decided to run the London Marathon and I did not even really train. I thought that it was not even that difficult. I completed it in 5hr 15min, I could have got closer to 4hr 30min if I had trained properly.''' ,'''When I turned 21, I really wanted to go to uni, and then I thought about it and realized all I wanted was the experience. All the stuff you do in uni, I did in London, which is hang out and party with friends - but instead of getting up and going to lessons, I got up and went to work.''' ,'''It's really bad to show kids the only way to be successful is to be famous, anyway.''' ,'''I started 'Popworld' at the age of 16 so for me it's a bit like leaving school.''' ,'''My dad is white, he's an art history teacher, he's very traditional.''' ,'''Me and most of my girlfriends have said that we would never have a boob job, but we all said that we might have a boob lift. That doesn't sound so surgical, does it?''' ,'''It is so important to be active when you are young, and I think it would have helped me tenfold if, alongside 'Popworld,' school, T4, Radio One and all those other things I was doing, that I had played a bit of sport at the weekends with my friends.''' ,'''Tupperware! I use every size I can get.''' ,'''You can be very honest about being nervous.''' ,'''JLS got the biggest reception at T4 On The Beach - it was like whoa, OK!''' ,'''I like girls who look like they never brush their hair. That's the key to real style.''' ,'''My parents had a six floor warehouse on Curtain Road called Cordy House between 2004 and 2007 where we had some of the most banging and memorable London parties.''' ,'''I was declared bankrupt a few years ago, which really made me grow up and look in the mirror, face myself, and find strength.''' ,'''I love looking back on it because it wasn't just 'Popworld' - it was my life.''' ,'''When I'm interviewing people, the way I bond with them is by encouraging them to complain about how hard their day is.''' ,'''I started presenting when I was 16, and because TV is such a small world, you often end up working with the same people. I would say I've worked with pretty much the same circle of people ever since, so in a way I have always felt cradled by them, protected; they've looked out for me because they've known me since I was a child.''' ,'''I was only 15 when 'Popworld' started. We had no money, no budget, no one knew who we were - they just wanted a nice pop show.''' ,'''I've always wanted to live really high up, and this is the only flat in the building with a balcony, so I feel quite smug up here.''' ,'''When I was 15 I went to live with my aunt and uncle instead of my mum, for money reasons. It was a huge shock to my system, suddenly living with six people rather than one. Hopefully it changed me for the better.''' ,'''In my group of friends it's not really a big deal that I'm on telly. They're all much more famous than me.''' ,'''I'd like to become a female Louis Theroux.''' ,'''I don't think I'll ever shop on the high street in the same way again. It just doesn't have the same excitement for me.''' ,'''Me and my nan dress exactly the same.''' ,'''I cry at the drop of a hat.''' ,'''Just the sound of the paper ripping relaxes me.''' ,'''I interviewed Michael Caine the other day for a film about him being a magician and we did it in - and by the way, this place does exist - the Ministry of Magic in Marylebone. I know, it's ludicrous!''' ,'''I couldn't think of anything worse than getting naked in front of the entire world, it must take a lot of confidence to do it.''' ,]
+++