+++
author = "Kourtney Kardashian"
title = "Kourtney Kardashian Quotes"
quotes_len = "122"
description = "the best 122 Kourtney Kardashian Quotes"
keywords = "kourtney kardashian,kourtney kardashian quotes,kourtney kardashian quote,kourtney kardashian sayings,kourtney kardashian saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm obsessed with being a mom.''' ,'''I don't think fame is that important to me.''' ,'''Mom always told us to wear pretty, matching underwear.''' ,'''When every moment is constantly being filmed, it's hard to relax.''' ,'''Sometimes I just wish nobody knew who I was.''' ,'''My stepdad is Bruce Jenner, the Olympian. The first time he came over was like a blind date, and we had show and tell. He took out the gold medal for me and my sisters, and we were like, 'So? Who the hell are you?'''' ,'''When I do my own makeup, I always start with Laura Mercier Tinted Moisturizer.''' ,'''I love to read books that focus on parenting topics because there are so many different ways to do things. I find these books offer a lot of great opinions on many different subjects.''' ,'''I feel tired, but in general, I do love being pregnant and always feel pretty good. I'm lucky. I always hear, like, horror stories.''' ,'''Fashion is so subjective, and I think it should be playful.''' ,'''People always have something to say about how long is too long or not long enough to breastfeed. I think this is such a personal decision that it can only be made between each baby and his or her mommy.''' ,'''My daily style is easy and effortless - I don't like to take too much time getting ready.''' ,'''I'm proof that, even after having a baby, you can look better and sexier than ever!''' ,'''Being alone & actually sitting with our own thoughts can lead to such growth and realizations that are rare in our everyday busy lives.''' ,'''My parents got me a sewing machine for Christmas during my senior year of high school. I made three pieces of clothing and had a fashion show at the end of the year, where we had to wear the clothes that we made. I took it to a whole new level; I made all my friends clothes.''' ,'''There's no one else I would rather have as my manager than my mom because I know that she has our best interests at heart. Sometimes, it's hard to separate manager mode from mom mode. I think as our manager, my mom will get more emotional about situations than she would if she was just our manager.''' ,'''I wouldn't say I'm strict. I love to communicate with my kids, and I constantly check in and try to talk things through instead.''' ,'''I love dressing Mason more than dressing myself. It's so much fun picking out his clothes and making outfits and giving him style.''' ,'''My sisters and I are very hands-on with our collections. I am really passionate about kids' clothes.''' ,'''Motherhood has most definitely changed me and my life. It's so crazy how drastic even the small details change - in such an amazing way. Even silly things, like the fact that all of my pictures on my cell phone used to be of me at photo shoots - conceited, I know! - but now every single picture on my phone is of Mason.''' ,'''I find a pregnant body to be beautiful and an incredible reminder of what a woman's body is made to do.''' ,'''I think I forget every time - you give birth, and you want your stomach to be flat again. It does take a lot of work, but I usually start slowly by going on walks with the baby.''' ,'''I wish that when we weren't filming, we could have full privacy. I wish I could live in a bubble and just be with my family.''' ,'''Kids definitely grow out of their clothes really quickly, so I'm all about mixing and matching.''' ,'''I'll even cut things. Or, I'll guesstimate it, and I'll have my assistant get it hemmed for me because I don't have time.''' ,'''I have oatmeal every morning with whole milk, bananas, and cinnamon, and it's just the best thing ever.''' ,'''The first place I gain weight is in my rear end. I love my butt, but I have a tendency to get saddlebags there, so I need to watch it.''' ,'''I've always loved children's clothes - my grandmother actually owned a children's boutique in La Jolla, CA, for 30 years. I grew up visiting her and working in her store, and then my mom and I had a children's boutique together for five or six years.''' ,'''We always say we are a brand for our fans because through social media we're so lucky to see what people are asking us for, what they're looking for, and so we really design what we like but also take our fans in mind.''' ,'''I love being pregnant in general.''' ,'''I've been wearing lipstick since I was in 7th grade. That was our form of daring self-expression, because we had to wear uniforms in school. It made our teachers so angry.''' ,'''Before Christmas, I host a party for our kids and all their friends. We love to make a mess while decorating gingerbread houses.''' ,'''My mom bought me this amazing baby-food maker, the Beaba. I steam and puree fruits and vegetables, and they last for, like, four days.''' ,'''For my eyes, my day-to-day just involves curling my lashes to open up my eyes and applying our mascara, The Quickie. If I'm getting my makeup done, I like to get individual lash extensions or a strip of false lashes, depending on how glam I want to get.''' ,'''When my younger sisters were born, I was in high school and college. I was at my mom's all the time but never changed them or fed them.''' ,'''I remember, when I went away to college at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, my aunt sent me a book with the rules of being a Southern Belle. One of the rules was to never wear white after Labor Day. Fashion has a lot to do with confidence and making up your own rules.''' ,'''I love floral prints for little girls, and I love mixing prints.''' ,'''We do have a two against one rule. If two sisters feel very strongly about a design or trend we want to try, we go for it.''' ,'''I've been applying makeup long enough to feel good doing it on my own, but I cannot do my hair to save my life. When left to my own devices, if I have to go to an event, I do a slicked bun. Otherwise, I just try to wear a hat, put it in a ponytail, or do a side braid - something easy.''' ,'''I just got out of a nine-year relationship. I think the last thing I probably need is anybody in my life.''' ,'''I love and appreciate the bonding time with Mason. Nursing is surprisingly one of my favorite things.''' ,'''Everyday... well, if I'm doing it myself, I have my five-minute makeup routine, which is I do tinted moisturizer, and then I do a quick concealer, and I use our bronzer every day. And then I have to curl my lashes, and then I do our Quickie mascara, and that's it.''' ,'''I definitely don't want to get married just for the sake of getting married.''' ,'''We only take on projects that we're really passionate about.''' ,'''I remember when I first found out I was having a boy, I became obsessed with buying boys' clothes. Then came my daughter, and I was obsessed with buying girls' clothes. Everything looks 10 million times cuter when it's teeny-tiny.''' ,'''I'm five feet tall - I'm very petite - so for me, if I'm wearing a skirt or dress, it needs to be short, or else it makes me look frumpy. I need to wear either something really short or a maxi dress; anything in between just looks weird.''' ,'''We're definitely honest with each other... if your sisters can't tell you that you look ridiculous, who can?''' ,'''We've always wanted to do a clothing line, and I personally love doing stuff with my sisters; I think it makes the whole process that much better.''' ,'''I pick apart everyone's pantries. They think I'm super-annoying.''' ,'''I've learned to set boundaries and know when to say, 'I just need to rest.' I'm good at listening to what my body's telling me.''' ,'''It is still crazy to me that I have two boys born on the same exact day. I really tried to not have it happen, so they could each have their day, but there was no way around it.''' ,'''I nursed Mason for 14 months and Penelope for 16, and I loved it. It was built-in time that the two of us could share alone every day. I didn't have any goals or expectations.''' ,'''I am the worst at doing my hair. I have no clue how to do it; I just feel like I need to go to hair beauty school or something because it's really becoming a problem.''' ,'''I used to play Donna Karan. I used my dad's home office, and Kim was my assistant. Then one of our friends would play a buyer, and I would take her to my mom's closet and show her the new collection.''' ,'''My kids' doctor will quickly answer any email, even if it's 11:00 at night. That's important to me.''' ,'''Sometimes I think, 'Why should I work out when I can spend time with my kids?' I feel guilty doing something for me.''' ,'''I feel such a sense of empowerment being a mom. But I do wonder: How do they/we do it all?''' ,'''When I was pregnant, a few of my friends told me that their babies slept in bed with them. I remember thinking how crazy that was. Then I started reading up on it and decided it was something I actually wanted to try.''' ,'''My mom and both of my grandmothers have always been into fashion, so it's been around us our whole lives.''' ,'''The Kollection is a complete mix of Kim, Khloe and I - each of our individual styles are reflected, and that has been the way we have always designed. We are constantly emailing each other with ideas - three minds are better than one sometimes.''' ,'''I actually hate when people open my gifts, and I hate opening gifts in front of people.''' ,'''I'm short, and I always need to alter everything, and I alter a lot of what I wear.''' ,'''My entire life changed when I became a mother - my priorities, my understanding, appreciation of life, and my relationship with God.''' ,'''Designing was always something I was interested in. I studied fashion design in high school as well as how to sew.''' ,'''I'm not a dating person.''' ,'''It was my first time taking a taxi with Mason. I had to tell the driver to wait because I had to get the stroller out of the car.''' ,'''Kardashian Kollection for Lipsy will have some amazing standout pieces like a full-lace jumper and metallic sequin jackets.''' ,'''I witnessed a home birth with my sister Khloe and, after seeing it, I felt it wasn't for me. There was too much risk involved, and it wasn't as sanitary as a hospital.''' ,'''I was surprised that everyone calls it 'morning sickness,' because it lasted all day. For me, it was even worse at night. During my first two pregnancies, I felt so nauseous all day that I could only eat plain toast and bland foods - no proteins.''' ,'''I think motherhood is just about instinct.''' ,'''I'm learning to trust other people to do things. My time is limited, and I'd rather be spending it with my kids.''' ,'''The first thing I do when I'm shopping is touch everything to see if it's itchy. I remember my mom used to put me in the itchiest clothes ever, and I was traumatized by it, so I won't wear anything itchy now.''' ,'''I couldn't wait until after my third baby to get my body back and start being able to dress a little bit sexier again.''' ,'''I would love to design a maternity clothing line. It is so hard to find stylish clothes for pregnant people... I would say 99 percent of the clothes I wore were not maternity because I couldn't find anything I liked.''' ,'''I always had a love for kids' clothes, but having your own kids is a better education for what is practical. I used to buy such crazy things for the store that were so much fun but not the most practical.''' ,'''I remember playing in my mom's closet with Kim as little girls - we had this game we played, I was Donna Karan, and she was my assistant, and I was really bossy.''' ,'''I love being a mum. Sometimes I just wish nobody knew who I was.''' ,'''For me, juggling mommyhood and work is a challenge, but each day I learn little tricks to make it all come together.''' ,'''I am always trying to evolve, so I like to read parenting books and things like that.''' ,'''I really love working with my sisters, doing photo shoots with my sisters and appearances all together.''' ,'''I'm probably the least harsh on myself, and I try not to scrutinize everything about my body. As a new mom, it is what it is, and we just have to do our best.''' ,'''When I do my hair down, it just does not look good. It's just stringy, and it's like a hot mess.''' ,'''The Kardashian Kollection fits me perfect. I didn't need to change one thing.''' ,'''I love Audrey Hepburn.''' ,'''My best friend and I went to sleep-away camp every summer. We'd share stories of making out with boys, but we never did, so we made it all up. My real first kiss was at a friend's house when I was in junior high. He was such a good kisser, and we're still close friends!''' ,'''I have had breast implants, but it's so funny 'cause it's not a secret; I could care less.''' ,'''After my daughter was born, I made a promise to myself to live in the moment.''' ,'''I remember in seventh grade we used to wear lipstick to school, and the teachers would get so angry, and they'd steal our lipstick if we had them.''' ,'''In our house, we do everything whole: whole milk and full-fat cheeses. And I use ghee and coconut oil for cooking.''' ,'''After Mason was born, I'd feel guilty doing anything that wasn't related to work.''' ,'''One of my favorite things to do is go running early in the morning when everyone in my house is still sleeping. I throw on my iPod, and it's, like, my time.''' ,'''I called a bunch of the restaurants in my neighborhood that I had assumed served all-organic food, and so many didn't!''' ,'''Sometimes, it's hard to separate manager mode from mom mode. I think, as our manager, my mom will get more emotional about situations than she would if she was just our manager.''' ,'''I have so many pieces that once belonged to my mom and both of my grandmothers. All of these pieces are very sentimental, and I love to wear them. I also have many pieces from my father that I probably cherish the most. I love wearing his dress shirts.''' ,'''I would say a lack of sleep is a cause for feeling not so beautiful. On those days, I try to drink lots of water and put on the biggest sunglasses I can find.''' ,'''Growing up, I never heard my parents curse, never. The first time I ever said a curse word was with my sister Kim.''' ,'''I think with boys... it's all about shoes. I've seen so many little boys, and their outfits are so cute, and then their moms put kind of dorky shoes on them.''' ,'''Since we started putting together our makeup collection, Kardashian Beauty, I've been extra invested in our list of no-no ingredients. It's an ingredients black list that we don't allow into the products - no parabens, no sulfates.''' ,'''I love things that are easy to throw on, that I don't have to think about. Like skinny jeans and a T-shirt is easy for me.''' ,'''My grandma had a kids' clothing store for over 30 years called Shannon and Company, and my sisters and I used to go and work there in the summers.''' ,'''Women always ask me how to get back in shape after having a baby. I always say, 'Know when's the right time for your workout and commit to doing it.'''' ,'''My mom fed us a lot of processed food when we were kids, like chicken fingers, grilled cheese sandwiches and quesadillas. I make those treats for my family, too, but I use organic cheeses and whole wheat bread and tortillas.''' ,'''Interior decor is my guilty pleasure. If I'm going to splurge on something, it's more for my home than for clothes.''' ,'''Being a mom is what life is about. I hope people realize what the priorities in life should be and know not everything has to be perfect.''' ,'''This is my life. I don't need a piece of paper to make it a family unit.''' ,'''Unless someone has walked in your shoes, you really can't judge. Everyone needs to make the best choice for their life.''' ,'''I am obsessed with my sisters. Being the oldest, I probably just have that in me. But I also think I am the youngest sometimes. We all have moments when we are the maternal one of the group.''' ,'''My mom and I had a kids' clothing store called Smooch for six years, and I did all the buying before I even had kids.''' ,'''I do become a recluse once in a while. It's so nice to just be at home and to not have to deal with the outside world.''' ,'''I don't want to judge, but I've also met women who think it's cool to be out or away from their baby, and I don't get that.''' ,'''I feel that if I'm going through something, I'm sure someone else is, too. I try to be as honest with myself and others as I can be.''' ,'''I know my mom always likes to give the over-the-top 'wow' pieces at baby showers.''' ,'''Now that I have a daughter, I've been thinking about how I'll define beauty to her. I watched a video of Kendall when she was three, and she was putting on makeup. I don't know how I feel about that. But my daughter already watches me do it. When do you let them start wearing it? I don't know yet.''' ,'''Nothing comes before my children. I find that putting everything else in order of importance also helps to get everything done.''' ,'''I think it's important to talk to my sisters when I have a big decision to make.''' ,'''I loved dressing for my pregnant body. A pregnant woman's body is so beautiful. Towards the end, it does get harder, and then it became all about flats and comfortable maxi dresses.''' ,'''I know that, for me, I need to try to cover myself while breastfeeding so that no one snaps a picture. If this wasn't the case, I probably wouldn't mind as much because my son is my biggest concern. My attitude is, if someone sees a little somethin' somethin', don't look if you don't like it.''' ,'''I don't think anyone can fall in love for ratings.''' ,'''First dates are so awkward and annoying. I think a casual and fun first date with friends is much more fun than a one-on-one typical first date.''' ,'''We spent a lot of time trend forecasting and collaborating on ways to design a fresh line of fashion-forward, affordable luxury.''' ,'''I feel that if I'm going through something, I'm sure someone else is, too.''' ,'''I love Oreos.''' ,]
+++