+++
author = "George Galloway"
title = "George Galloway Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 George Galloway Quotes"
keywords = "george galloway,george galloway quotes,george galloway quote,george galloway sayings,george galloway saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We say here that if you fall down in the United States, the ambulance man must feel for your wallet before he feels for your pulse.''' ,'''I have met Saddam Hussein exactly the same number of times as Donald Rumsfeld met him. The difference is that Donald Rumsfeld met him to sell him guns and to give him maps the better to target those guns.''' ,'''I'm 51; I'm younger than Tony Blair. I don't have a dicky heart; I'm up like a broom handle in the morning. I don't drink or gamble - I'm still a catch.''' ,'''MRSA, which is a kind of super bug mutant, is killing 10,000 people a year in Britain.''' ,'''I think that both men, Bush and Blair, will be damned in history. Both men have made their respective countries the two most hated countries in the world.''' ,'''I have never solicited nor received money from Iraq for our campaign against war and sanctions. I have never seen a barrel of oil, never owned one, never bought one, never sold one.''' ,'''Anyone will say anything under torture.''' ,'''I think that Hassan Nasrallah is the best leader in the Muslim world.''' ,'''The big tyrants never face justice.''' ,''''9/11' came out of a swamp of hatred created by us.''' ,'''I'm demanding to be prosecuted. I'm begging to be prosecuted for perjury.''' ,'''Even if you only counted the votes that actually made it through the hoops in order to be cast, the president was really Al Gore.''' ,'''I care about public perception, yes. I don't care about my enemies' perception.''' ,'''Tony Blair will be remembered for nothing other than that he followed George W. Bush over a cliff; took the rest of us with them, and we haven't yet reached the bottom, I'm afraid.''' ,'''I've had more than 12,000 emails from the United States. It's not easy in the United States to find out the email address of a British parliamentarian.''' ,'''I came to declare that I am a friend to Arabs, at a time when it is not easy to be friend to Arabs, because nowadays those who have ambitions and interests would not befriend Arab.''' ,'''Bush, and Blair, and the prime minister of Japan, and Berlusconi, these people are criminals, and they are responsible for mass murder in the world, for the war, and for the occupation, through their support for Israel, and through their support for a globalized capitalist economic system, which is the biggest killer the world has ever known.''' ,'''I've never had a penny through oil deals and no one has produced a shred of evidence that I have.''' ,'''If you are asking did I support the Soviet Union, yes I did. Yes, I did support the Soviet Union, and I think the disappearance of the Soviet Union is the biggest catastrophe of my life.''' ,'''It's clear enough that there was substantial fraud in Ohio, thus delivering the Electoral College vote for President Bush.''' ,'''The only moral question with suicide bombing is who the target is. And in that sense, the suicide bomber is no different from the stealth bomber or the cruise missile. If it is targeted at civilian people, then it is morally wrong, whether done by Bush, Blair, or a suicide bomber.''' ,'''There are those who wrap themselves in flags and blow the tinny trumpet of patriotism as a means of fooling the people.''' ,'''I am an opponent of Saddam Hussein, but an opponent also, of the sanctions that have killed a million Iraqi children and an opponent of the United States' apparent desire to plunge the Middle East into a new and devastating war.''' ,'''Spare me this sanctimony about politeness, please. There are millions of people in this country who hate the very word 'Thatcher' and 'Thatcherism,' which continues until this day.''' ,'''I was an opponent of Saddam Hussein when the British and American governments and businessmen were selling him guns and gas.''' ,'''George Bush doesn't represent any civilization!''' ,'''I'm an advocate of the great Dr. Johnson, the English man of letters who said that patriotism was the last refuge of the scoundrel.''' ,'''I can assure you Mr. Zureikat never gave me a penny from an oil deal, a cake deal, a bread deal or from any other deal.''' ,'''Henry Kissinger is the greatest living war criminal in the world today, with the blood of millions of people in Vietnam and Cambodia and Laos and Chile and East Timor on his hands. He will never appear in a court or be behind bars.''' ,'''In the Palestinian camps in the Seventies, I fell in love with a woman fighter - now married with six kids, not mine! - and I seriously considered staying there with her.''' ,'''Some things are too important to be left to the private sector.''' ,'''It is only losers that are prosecuted.''' ,]
+++