+++
author = "Tatiana De Rosnay"
title = "Tatiana De Rosnay Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Tatiana De Rosnay Quotes"
keywords = "tatiana de rosnay,tatiana de rosnay quotes,tatiana de rosnay quote,tatiana de rosnay sayings,tatiana de rosnay saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think books and movies are going to go a long way together in the future. I think we writers are very important material for directors.''' ,'''I'm a writer. I'm not an actress.''' ,'''I've always been a geek, so I've always used the Internet, perhaps at first for autopromotion, as many authors do.''' ,'''There are two of my favorite books, 'The Great Gatsby' and 'Gone With The Wind', that were made into movies. And I love those movies as much as I love the books. That's really rare.''' ,'''I'm used to promoting books, but a movie is a very different thing. You have to go to film festivals and wear fancy clothes and try and look glamorous and intelligent when you're just terrified and you want to go home!''' ,'''It's a complicated process being so bilingual. Sometimes it's a mere word or sentence that comes to me, if I'm writing the book in English, in French. It's not always easy to deal with. Sometimes even during an interview somebody can ask me a question in English that I want to answer in French and vice versa - that's the story of my life!''' ,'''Sometimes I get to see a movie that's adapted from a book that I haven't heard about or that I love the movie so much that I will, of course, read the book.''' ,'''When you grew up in France in the 1970s and 80s, the Vel' d'Hiv wasn't part of the history program.''' ,'''The opening lines of a book are so important. You really need to somehow charm your reader. If you can't get her attention in the first pages, you may have lost her. There has to be an ambience.''' ,]
+++