+++
author = "Jim Kelly"
title = "Jim Kelly Quotes"
quotes_len = "32"
description = "the best 32 Jim Kelly Quotes"
keywords = "jim kelly,jim kelly quotes,jim kelly quote,jim kelly sayings,jim kelly saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The more I speak and travel, I realize I don't have it that bad. There are so many people that have it so much worse than I do.''' ,'''When I decided to become a Christian and decided to change my life and just totally quit screwing up, it was like, 'Wow, why didn't I do this before?' No hiding anything. I just felt so much better, not only about myself, but my future, my family. It was awesome, and it didn't take me long to realize that.''' ,'''Ultimately, one of the best decisions I ever made was when I became a Buffalo Bill.''' ,'''Turkey hunting is my passion because I love the thrill of calling them in.''' ,'''What I love about elk hunting is its similarities to turkey hunting. When you call to a bull elk, and it comes in ripping things apart and sounding like a herd of buffalo coming at you, it's exciting!''' ,'''If tomorrow the good Lord decides that's my last day, then I'm not going to go down with a frown. I'm going down with a smile on my face, knowing that I've gotten everything out of life.''' ,'''Number one is my faith, number two my family, number three is my friends, and number four, my fans.''' ,'''I miss being in the locker room with all my buddies. That, to me, was so much fun.''' ,'''Make a difference today for someone who's fighting for their tomorrow.''' ,'''When I got out of college and signed a contract to play pro football in the USFL, the first thing I bought was a Remington 1100 shotgun and a Remington .30-06.''' ,'''Where my cancer was, if it moves just a tiny bit... towards the area where there's no return, it stays, then there's no turning back.''' ,'''There are things that you think about in your life that you're proud of, some things that you're not proud of.''' ,'''My daughter wrote a book called 'Kelly Tough' when she was 19 years old. It's a must-read.''' ,'''Never walk into a hospital crying. Have an attitude that you will make someone else's life better.''' ,'''I didn't play JV because I went straight to varsity and started as a 10th grader - that was back in the day when you could not play varsity as a ninth grader. I went right from playing junior high football to varsity.''' ,'''I cried when I was drafted by Buffalo... You can't be a great quarterback in snow and 30 mile-an-hour wind.''' ,'''I've been through so much. I just live each day, and whatever happens, happens. I've lived a very good life. My life has definitely changed, but the attitude is still the same.''' ,'''I've always been good at refocusing my attention away from something that was bringing me down.''' ,'''My idol was Terry Bradshaw, but my role model was my father because I saw how much he worked and how much he focused on his trade. I was brought up the right way.''' ,'''I just take it day by day, and I hope one day I can say I feel good - not just be cancer free, but just feel good. I'm just living every day to the fullest: I enjoy myself, I have fun, and I pray every day that it doesn't come back.''' ,'''Our president needs to focus on other countries - North Korea, Russia, and everything else that's going on everywhere else. I promote it; I like Donald Trump. I get sometimes what he says, and sometimes he needs to quit on Twitter. He needs to get off of it and focus on what's going on everywhere else instead of what's going on in the NFL.''' ,'''I did not start hunting until later in life. When I was a kid growing up in Pennsylvania, my dad worked at a steel mill, and we didn't have the means to buy guns or take off and go hunting. But I loved being outdoors. I built tree stands and ground blinds in the woods and pretended that I was hunting.''' ,'''When I retired from the NFL, my son was born on my birthday two weeks later, which is Valentine's Day. Imagine having a son born on your birthday.''' ,'''Those four Super Bowl losses? Yeah, it sucks that we didn't win, but what are you going to do about it? You can feel sorry for yourself, but that's not how I was brought up.''' ,'''I don't worry anymore because there's only one person that knows when your day is, and that's the good Lord above.''' ,'''I played football ever since I was a little boy. Coming from a family of six boys, I guess we learned the game of football from a very young age.''' ,'''We grew up probably having as hard a life as anybody. A lot of times, we didn't have any food on the table. At Christmas, everybody else would always get something nice, but we'd get one T-shirt or one shirt... So I want to take care of Mom and Dad... and I'm having a damn good time doing it.''' ,'''I threw up before every single football game I played, and I did so up through my NFL career. It was good pressure. It was pressure to be good. It was pressure to be the best. It was pressure to want to win.''' ,'''I started out real young as a tight end, but I was never getting the football. I knew when I played basketball, I loved to have control of the ball. When I played baseball, I was a pitcher. I always wanted to be the guy throwing the passes and making a difference, I guess.''' ,'''Pain has been part of my life. I don't complain about much. When you grow up with six boys, you can't show your pain, and if you do, they'll give you another piece of pain.''' ,'''Anybody who has cancer, they take it one day at a time.''' ,'''You need to be able to sit down and talk to your children.''' ,]
+++