+++
author = "Emmanuelle Chriqui"
title = "Emmanuelle Chriqui Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Emmanuelle Chriqui Quotes"
keywords = "emmanuelle chriqui,emmanuelle chriqui quotes,emmanuelle chriqui quote,emmanuelle chriqui sayings,emmanuelle chriqui saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I look up and see a star, I know my mom is there. She's with me all the time. It's a powerful connection.''' ,'''My mom was an aesthetician and she went to beauty school back in the '60s. I just remember watching her do her makeup all the time. She always had her nails done, makeup on - her face was ready to go when she went out. I loved it.''' ,'''I'm actually very sensitive to energies, and when people are not aligned, I can feel that.''' ,'''Never reveal your insecurities to a man, because nine times out of 10 they have no idea they even exist.''' ,'''I had to deal with death at a really young age.''' ,'''One tip I like is don't forget your reusable bags when you go to the drug store or to the mall. I think most people think of the bags for the grocery store, but I try to take mine wherever I go.''' ,'''Generally for red carpet, I love to relax first. I love to work out. I love to eat well, drink tons of water beforehand, so on the night of the red carpet I feel good and ready to go. I also love to get a good body scrub.''' ,'''Most actors want to sink their teeth into amazing material.''' ,'''I generally circuit train and do Pilates.''' ,'''I appreciate humor so much, but I'm actually not a funny girl.''' ,'''Someone once told me that the most dynamic actors are people who have stories. People who have lived life. People with experiences.''' ,'''A great day in New York would be to wake up, get a cup of coffee and head up to Central Park for a nice walk. Then I'd go down to the East Village and stroll around. After that, maybe I'd go check out a museum or catch an indie film at the Angelika.''' ,'''I feel like I want to be known first and foremost for my work.''' ,'''I look at my father. He is one of my heroes. He is such an incredible, classy man. He was such a great father and such a great husband in so many ways, and we lived through some pretty tough times losing my mom. When I see all that he did, I think, 'Wow, that's a really wonderful man.'''' ,'''Acting is not glamorous. It's not. Anybody who wants to get into acting for the glamour is in for a hard time.''' ,'''I tell the most horrible jokes.''' ,'''My elbows are double-jointed, so I can flip them inside out.''' ,'''I don't know why, but in my career and in my life, I often find myself in situations where I am the only girl among boys.''' ,'''I love what I do, but I never want to OD on celebrity.''' ,'''When you're starting out, every line in a show or a commercial is like a huge success.''' ,'''When you have confidence, that's what becomes attractive to other people and makes them want to work with you and spend time with you.''' ,'''I love doing voice-over. It's so fun.''' ,'''I love European films in general. If I were to go to the movie store or something, that's what I like to see.''' ,'''My career has been successful, but it's been a grind of hard work.''' ,'''I have to be honest, I am a true jeans and t-shirt girl.''' ,'''The beauty of voice-over work is that maybe you come in and record once every two weeks for a couple of hours and do a couple episodes a session. It's awesome! You spend an afternoon playing in the booth, and there you have it. It doesn't interfere with much.''' ,'''As a child I was given the freedom to explore my passion for acting, but I also grew up in a home where there were a lot of rules. I didn't have 'yes' parents.''' ,'''Is it easy to avoid paparazzi? It is, it really is.''' ,'''Reese Witherspoon is my everywoman. She's managed to have a family and this amazing career. That's the goal.''' ,'''For the record: I wear makeup. All. The. Time. But I do it in a way that looks natural.''' ,'''I'm this little Canadian Jewish girl, and I'm living my dream.''' ,'''I have a theory that most people in Hollywood are from Texas.''' ,'''I can celebrate food anytime. I love cheese. When I crave a certain food, I just eat it.''' ,'''The girl next door isn't necessarily blonde and blue-eyed anymore. So I don't feel like I need to morph into that all-American thing.''' ,'''I always describe my career as something where nothing ever popped overnight.''' ,'''We have this idea of perfection that is so unrealistic. We are our own worst enemy. No one is noticing that little scar.''' ,]
+++