+++
author = "Payal Rohatgi"
title = "Payal Rohatgi Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Payal Rohatgi Quotes"
keywords = "payal rohatgi,payal rohatgi quotes,payal rohatgi quote,payal rohatgi sayings,payal rohatgi saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Ever since I met Sangram Singh, I am at peace with myself.''' ,'''I stopped getting films. So I had to move to television. I kept myself alive with stage shows.''' ,'''I do a lot of kick-boxing to keep in shape.''' ,'''In a film where I am acting, do you seriously think I would have the time to keep track of the number of times I kiss my co-star?''' ,'''People told me that I was the best-looking girl in my college. But it was only after I won a beauty pageant in 2002 that I became confident.''' ,'''I don't go out of the way to create controversies, I know some actresses pay their publicist money to create a controversy, but I don't know why this happens to me.''' ,'''Men get intimidated by me. They feel I am very high-handed and snobbish.''' ,'''Being a health freak, Sangram has made me a lot healthier and fitter, as he has turned me into a vegan and even makes me gym every day.''' ,'''In future I will surely look forward to doing Hollywood projects.''' ,'''Well, I always wanted to work with Anubhav Sinha.''' ,'''I realized that good looks is not enough to be an actress for a long time.''' ,'''When I joined Bollywood, I too wanted decent and challenging roles but there were no offers. Directors and producers look at me as a woman who is willing to expose and that is the only reason they want to sign me.''' ,'''In 'Bigg Boss,' there were so many things that I didn't say and as a result, people thought I was a fake. I have not let it happen in 'Survivor.'''' ,'''Kumbh Mela is the best way to get an insight of our culture.''' ,'''I won't play any blame games for my films that didn't work. But I've been working towards getting good roles. Even Abhishek Bachchan became a superstar after delivering 17 flops.''' ,'''I'm going through this phase where I don't make an effort to make friends with anyone. This is primarily because I know that people try to make friends only till the time the camera is on. I'm not comfortable with such friendships and I didn't resort to it in 'Bigg Boss' either.''' ,'''If the audience gets to see anything in abundance, they lose interest.''' ,'''I will never want to be linked with a man who can't stand for his woman.''' ,'''Actresses in this industry do not talk to one another.''' ,'''I'm associated with bold scenes and I look glamourous.''' ,'''If today I have been able to sell myself, it's because I agreed to shed my clothes and my inhibitions. And the more clothes I take off, the greater the number of people who come to see my films.''' ,'''I love wearing saris, and everyone around me tells me I look good in them.''' ,'''It was very cold in jail. But inmates were good. They shared their stories with me.''' ,'''I'm keeping my fingers crossed for good roles to come my way.''' ,'''I do not come from the industry. But I have realized that it's very important to work with senior directors and good production houses. It makes a lot of difference.''' ,'''No matter what their profession, there's a certain category of men who let passion overcome reason as soon as a girl offers them her company. More often than not, they turn out to be losers.''' ,'''Dibakar Banerjee comes across as an intellectual filmmaker. That is a deception.''' ,'''I guess God has His own plans for all of us. And I trust His decision. He always does what's best for me.''' ,'''I've unfailing ambition.''' ,'''Salman Khan's association with 'Bigg Boss' has taken the show to another level. Because of his presence, the show has gained immense popularity and the reach of the show is tremendous. It has become a household name.''' ,'''I have always loved coming to Indore, especially because of the hospitality of the people of M.P. They are so warm and welcoming that they instantly make you feel at home.''' ,'''I have the right to speech and expression and I won't leave that.''' ,'''I blindly trust Sangram.''' ,'''My competition is with my growth to where I want to see myself.''' ,'''Honestly, surviving in 'Bigg Boss' was a cakewalk as compared to staying in 'Survivor,' where we had to live in primitive-age conditions, even generating fire on our own.''' ,'''I want filmmakers to notice me, not just as a glam doll but as a human being with all facets of emotions.''' ,'''I am always experimenting with roles.''' ,'''The role of Kaya, which I played in 'Dil Kabaddi,' is very close to my heart as I am also a fitness freak.''' ,'''It is very easy to play a sweet girl-next-door but difficult to portray a grey character.''' ,'''Slumdog Millionaire has been a great achievement. It has opened the doors of Hollywood for Indian cinema.''' ,''''Dhol' has me in the second lead. But I wish to upgrade to playing lead roles and want to be in the league of respected actresses of the industry.''' ,'''I'm thinking of running off to L.A.''' ,'''I am happy that I got an international offer by a French director but I won't be able to take part in his film as he wanted me exclusively for two years. As I am getting many offers from Bollywood and the television industry, I won't be able to do it.''' ,'''I have not been taken seriously as an actor.''' ,'''When you surrender to God, He makes things happen.''' ,'''My role in 'Humsafars' is very interesting and unlike any role I have done in the past. Anam is a strong character with a few shades of grey.''' ,'''I never make plans, because whenever I do I find out God has other plans.''' ,'''How long can you bank on your body and your face to help you get roles in films? At the end of the day, anyone who wants to be known as an actor wants to be appreciated for his/her work.''' ,'''I fail to understand why the #MeToo campaign in India didn't gain momentum when Malayalam actor Dileep was arrested after an actress was abducted and assaulted or when Telugu actress Sri Reddy was banned for talking about sexual harassment. These instances were more deserving of the #MeToo movement than anything else.''' ,'''I think for an upcoming actress the biggest challenge is that sometimes there are situations when she has no luxury for rehearsals.''' ,'''The concept of marriage does not matter to me.''' ,''''Laila' is very interesting and like Ram Gopal Varma's 'Darna Mana Hai,' it is episodic in nature.''' ,'''I think if somebody doesn't have the time to work on a relationship, then they shouldn't get into it.''' ,'''In normal life, we are all sweet and not vamp. So, to play a villain a lot of focus is required.''' ,'''If my career isn't moving ahead I may consider TV.''' ,'''I want to do something that is meaningful. After working for all these years, I want to do better as an actor now and choose roles that are challenging and satisfying.''' ,'''Sangram is my best friend. He loves me more than himself and his absence in my life has brought a vacuum in my life.''' ,'''My oomph factor helped me enter B-town. I have a naturally gifted body.''' ,'''My first reality show, 'Bigg Boss 2,' was a good experience, as I learned a lot of things inside the house.''' ,''''Bigg Boss' was not a house, it was a house-like situation and being an actor, I had to take care of the way I looked on screen.''' ,'''I have always had a career, be it modeling, reality TV, or even my not-so-great films.''' ,'''In films, maybe I was lost or typecast.''' ,'''Just because of the #MeToo movement in Hollywood, after Oscar-winning actresses including Angelina Jolie came out and spoke against Harvey Weinstein, we also want to talk about something that has been happening in Bollywood for long; like several years ago, Mamta Kulkarni had spoken against filmmaker Rajkumar Santoshi.''' ,'''Feminism in India is very fake.''' ,'''At one point of time, I would like to shoulder a film on myself.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you need someone who listens to you with no judgement.''' ,'''I would love to work with Shah Rukh Khan, Amitabh Bachchan, Aamir Khan, Salman Khan, Abishek Bachchan and a lot more... even Imran Khan, Hrithik Roshan and Ranbir Kapoor are damn good with their acting.''' ,'''I might be an actor professionally, but as a person I should know what our rituals, religion or our history is. Kumbh Mela really helps you in this.''' ,'''Yes, I'm mama's girl and she's my world.''' ,'''I have a lot of Muslim friends in the entertainment industry.''' ,'''I was doing well for myself and wanted to play different roles and not just be happy portraying glamorous characters.''' ,'''I won't say that I dream of playing etched characters like Meena Kumari's in 'Pakeezah.' Though I have seen the film 20 times but you can't compete with something as classic as that.''' ,'''I am a learner and always learning. I want to push myself to the farthest limits.''' ,'''I am a girl, not a piece of meat.''' ,'''I didn't want to get typecast doing an item number in 'Corporate,' so I didn't do it then.''' ,'''My intention has never to commit something wrong and I have always believed in abiding the law.''' ,'''Being a Scorpio, I believe in loyalty.''' ,'''I faced a lot of backlash when I spoke about being sexually harassed by Dibakar Banerjee. Not directly, but indirectly, I was boycotted by the entire fraternity that supported the director, because it is a male-dominated set-up.''' ,'''I have always been known for my glamour but I wanted to do something strong and substantial on TV, which is a woman dominated medium.''' ,'''I will obviously exercise my freedom of speech because I live in India, not in Saudi Arabia and Iran; freedom of speech is an integral part of the Constitution of India and I believe in respecting in whatever is lawful in India.''' ,'''I know the audience wants to see me without clothes in my coming films. At the risk of disappointing them, let me say that it's simply not going to happen. I will not do any such film.''' ,'''I am a proud Hindu, but that doesn't I mean I disrespect others' religion.''' ,'''Just because I'm quiet that doesn't mean I'm fake and artificial.''' ,'''When I started off, nobody held my hand and told me what I should do and how I should portray myself as an actor.''' ,'''I will try exercise my freedom of speech by avoiding legalities.''' ,'''I'm a private person and hate making friends.''' ,'''Television is a huge medium and the best way to popularize yourself.''' ,'''Frieda Pinto has definitely opened Hollywood doors for Indian actresses.''' ,'''An award recognizing your talent is an honor. That matters a lot to me.''' ,'''I was whisked away by the Rajasthan police from Ahmedabad as soon as they realised I had applied for bail. They first put me in a filthy cell in the police station, then took me to jail where I was locked up with five hardcore criminals. It was a nightmare. We had to sleep on the cold floor. That's where one sleeps in jail.''' ,'''I won't stop making videos and exercising my freedom of speech.''' ,'''It's wrong to say in India that a certain community is targeted while Hindus are allowed to flourish. This is wrong. Every community is allowed to flourish.''' ,'''I don't live in the past.''' ,'''I had been contemplating working on fiction show for some time and 'Humsafars' seemed like the perfect choice.''' ,'''I've always tried to make the impossible turn possible for me.''' ,'''Look, let's be honest. No one is interested in seeing me act. My bare arms, legs, front and back grab more attention than how I perform on screen.''' ,'''My fans will see me in a lot of different roles.''' ,'''I have been politically victimized.''' ,'''It's been eight years now that I have been working in Bollywood and have done everything - from item songs to character roles to reality shows.''' ,'''In fact, I had never imagined that seven years after my ordeal, the #MeToo movement will start and that I will be talking about it all over again. This is nothing but karma. Dibakar has directed six films, even though I didn't get any films after I went public with my allegations.''' ,]
+++