+++
author = "Dede Gardner"
title = "Dede Gardner Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Dede Gardner Quotes"
keywords = "dede gardner,dede gardner quotes,dede gardner quote,dede gardner sayings,dede gardner saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I got into the movie business because of 'Days of Heaven.'''' ,'''We have privilege in our hands as storytellers. We need to tell stories that reflect our world.''' ,'''A lot of movies come out and you think, 'Couldn't you have just tried a little harder?'''' ,'''Why tell a story that people have seen 900 times? That's not interesting artistically.''' ,'''I always loved movies as a child, and I love story. I got my degree in English. Film and story seemed, to me, the vector of the movie business. I really didn't know what 'the film business' meant, but I decided I wanted to be in it.''' ,'''There are not grades of racism. There's racism.''' ,'''If you believe that movies are alive and talking back to you, there's a point at which it's very obvious they're not finished.''' ,'''Everyone has a salary. Everyone has hopes and dreams for where they can invest their money. Everyone wants to do the best they can with it, and they don't want to be subjected to any sort of predatory lending.''' ,'''Not to age myself, but I remember vividly 'Schoolhouse Rock!' and entrust my grammar to it.''' ,'''I think what I do for a living is a privilege, so at the very least, I'd like to think it can be a good time.''' ,'''We are a very youth-driven culture, and I don't really know why because wisdom tends to come with more years, not fewer.''' ,'''We are being held hostage by the people we elect.''' ,'''I treasure the dark hours in a theatre. But I don't think that, if a film does not reach the theatre, it is, therefore, not a film.''' ,'''I am pretty much a nerd, and I love to read.''' ,]
+++