+++
author = "Sid Gillman"
title = "Sid Gillman Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Sid Gillman Quotes"
keywords = "sid gillman,sid gillman quotes,sid gillman quote,sid gillman sayings,sid gillman saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I go back to Francis Schmidt. Francis Schmidt was the Ohio State coach who hired me.''' ,'''That was part of coaching: to teach your receivers how to get free.''' ,'''I always felt before Paul Brown, coaches just rolled the ball out onto the field.''' ,'''I worked under Francis Schmidt, and he was the biggest influence on my coaching career.''' ,'''I have a message for the youth of America. The next time somebody promises you a lifetime contract, say, 'Thank you. But would you mind putting that in writing?'''' ,'''There was no better end than Lance Alworth and no better lineman than Ron Mix. Those are Hall of Fame guys. There was no better guard than Walt Sweeney and no better pair of running backs than Keith Lincoln and Paul Lowe.''' ,'''All I know is that when you look over at the coaches on the other sideline, and all you see are guys who either coached with you or played for you, then you know it's time to get out.''' ,'''I tape every game I can get my hands on. Every game that's on TV, I tape it. My daughter, Terry Hill, lives in Eureka, and she has a satellite dish, so she tapes what I can't get. I try to keep up with what everybody is doing, so if the phone rings, I'll be ready.''' ,'''Football has been my life.''' ,'''I've lost count of all my assistant coaches who have been made head coaches.''' ,'''It disturbs me to see a football coach fired.''' ,'''You put a real tough tight end with good hands in the hash area, and there won't be anyone who can cover him. Then you really control the passing game.''' ,'''I enjoyed coaching so much that I just have to stay with it. Don Coryell - I love him, and I think he was a great coach - but I hear he's going to build a house on some island. He's going to divorce himself from football, and that's a mystery to me.''' ,'''I learned from everybody whose staff I was on. You always learn something.''' ,]
+++