+++
author = "Pinarayi Vijayan"
title = "Pinarayi Vijayan Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Pinarayi Vijayan Quotes"
keywords = "pinarayi vijayan,pinarayi vijayan quotes,pinarayi vijayan quote,pinarayi vijayan sayings,pinarayi vijayan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''India belongs to Indians of all kinds. Efforts to undermine this fact will only take our country backwards and destroy our hard-fought freedom. We must not let that happen.''' ,'''Rebuilding Kerala has to do with creating climate-resilient infrastructure and realising sustainable livelihoods.''' ,'''People should not feel that they are not Indians because they don't understand Hindi.''' ,'''It's clear that the RSS is directly taking key decisions on behalf of the BJP. RSS policies are not compliant with our country's interests. The RSS doesn't accept secularism.''' ,'''Kerala has always evoked the curiosity of the world at large. We have contributed immensely in enriching such ideals which an egalitarian world would cherish to uphold.''' ,'''Do not try to play politics using the health of the public during a disaster.''' ,'''When a temple catches fire, irrespective of their faith, everyone works to douse the flames. Similarly, all parties worked against the forces that imposed Emergency.''' ,'''Over the last few decades, apart from other factors, direct or tacit prodding by the Centre has influenced Indian corporate groups' decisions on project sites... Politics cannot be separated from it.''' ,'''It is inappropriate to portray the central contribution to the Disaster Relief Fund as help for COVID-19 prevention.''' ,'''We have no prejudiced stand, nor are we aggressive on the Sabarimala issue. The government is duty-bound to implement the Supreme Court order.''' ,'''Sangh Parivar criminals get protection in certain BJP-run states such as U.P. and Gujarat. Such protection is unavailable in Kerala. There is no special law for Sangha Parivar. All criminals are brought to book here.''' ,'''Look what happened in Assam where the NRC was rolled out. Poor people with no way to find their documents were affected the most. And among them, the majority were Hindus.''' ,'''Don't turn a blind eye to corruption. Effective and strong intervention is needed to make administration corruption free down to the level of village office.''' ,'''The Congress has never taken a firm stand against communalism.''' ,'''It's the people's right to eat healthy food.''' ,'''Kerala has set an example in providing facilities for Haj pilgrimage. People are working as volunteers in Haj camps without honorarium.''' ,'''It is not for me but for the people to rate the central government.''' ,'''Leaders in the LDF are united and there are no differences.''' ,'''Drugs should be available for cheap prices for patients.''' ,'''From my experience, I can tell you, a party general secretary naturally cannot take care of the responsibilities of a parliamentarian.''' ,'''The orders and directives issued on the basis of government decisions should be exhaustive and factual. Deep and thorough examination is required before taking a decision on important policy matters.''' ,'''Kerala is called 'God's own country.' We need to make sure it is really so, for which we should ensure the entire state, including rivers and backwaters, are clean.''' ,'''Kerala's strength is not the size of its state exchequer, but it is the support of Malayalis from all over the world and others who love Kerala.''' ,'''If we don't learn from our lessons, are we humans?''' ,'''It was the anti-people stance of the Congress that had led to the emergence of BJP into power.''' ,'''Anti-people policies of the BJP government have made strong opposition a necessity.''' ,'''The government's policy is to ensure a smooth environment where all political parties can function freely. The government will take appropriate action if anyone adopts a stand different from it.''' ,'''Why is Kerala distinct from many other states? It is simply because of the glorious movements of reforms that brought renaissance to the state.''' ,'''India has a national structure that accepts various languages. Nobody can dilute it.''' ,'''Modern Kerala is a product of the selfless social service of great visionaries.''' ,'''People of Kerala will never allow divisive elements to succeed.''' ,'''RSS is an organization that is trained in spreading lies and creating communal clashes.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong in our dam management and such allegations are baseless.''' ,'''Calamities have taught us a great lesson - we have to stand together when we are in danger.''' ,'''You shall have to be able to oppose communalism, only then can you say you are secular. Many political parties which claim to be secular show their weakness when it comes to the fight against communalism.''' ,'''RSS and BJP are not only tarnishing the government but also insulting people of Kerala.''' ,'''I should say unity and commitment are pivotal to the Kerala model.''' ,'''The U.A.E. cannot be considered as any other nation as their rulers have underlined. Indians, especially Keralites, have contributed immensely in their nation building.''' ,'''The propaganda that Kerala is a trouble-torn state is a matter of concern. Such a false propaganda will adversely impact its investment and development prospects.''' ,'''Different Left governments holding office before the High Court verdict of 1991 never tried to prevent the entry of menstruating women into Sabarimala. In the same way, Left governments never acted in opposition against the High Court verdict of 1991, which restricted the women entry.''' ,'''Issuing orders and circulars without errors and in the proper way is crucial for efficient administration. This is why the Secretariat Office Manual mandates scrutiny at different levels.''' ,'''Minorities, Dalits, farmers, students, writers - all have faced the brunt of the Narendra Modi government and risen in protest.''' ,'''Controversies will disappear once you have a task and a mission.''' ,'''Land acquisition is a problem in Kerala because the available land is limited.''' ,'''If you go through the history of communal violence in our country, you will find that just before the violence there will be a phase of rumor-mongering by RSS. They will unleash a campaign of lies.''' ,'''The Left Front, being an egalitarian political force, has always supported removing untouchability and discrimination in society.''' ,'''With the advancements made in the medical field, we dealt with the Nipah virus and later established the Virology institute. This gave us the confidence to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic.''' ,'''As far as the Congress and the BJP go, we should not forget that they have not even apologized for the genocides in 1984 and 2002, which the Indian society as a whole holds them responsible for.''' ,'''Kerala is not a resource-rich State. This is a big challenge. Only if you have resources, you will have sound industries.''' ,'''Our party is not like the Congress, where leaders are more important than the party and ethics. In our party, people and workers are more important than leaders.''' ,'''The slogan we have put forward is not just 'rehabilitation and reconstruction,' but 'build a new Kerala.' We will build a better Kerala.''' ,'''Kerala has been one of the most vocal voices of federalism, and it will remain so.''' ,'''I have worked as a party secretary in Kerala. I had been assigned the responsibility of party secretary while I was a minister in the state government.''' ,'''We are fighting the BJP and the Congress at both the state and national levels. People know them to be two sides of the same coin. However, our primary goal is to defeat the BJP as it is led by the RSS, and they exhibit fascist tendencies.''' ,'''Kerala is not the place to roll out the RSS agenda.''' ,'''India is a secular nation and believers of all religions and atheists have a place in this country.''' ,'''States with their limited resources will have to shoulder the greater burden of economic crisis that will follow the COVID-19 pandemic. The financial package announced by the Centre is inadequate.''' ,'''Government officials should recognize that the files in front of them represent very important issues in the lives of people.''' ,'''Central aid never comes in one disbursal; it comes in phases.''' ,'''Weakening the federal structure essentially hampers our unity in diversity, India's biggest strength.''' ,'''Those who are talking about withdrawing funds and grants to the states should understand that the Centre gets revenue from the states. They should realize that states like Kerala, get only a fraction in return, for every rupee that it pays to the Centre.''' ,'''It is the RSS and the BJP that have always initiated political violence in our midst; not just in Kerala, but in the entire country.''' ,'''Usually it is good to spread some light. The problem is that lakhs of people, like our workers, small-scale businesses, the tourism sector, restaurants, holiday resorts, lakhs of them, are in trouble and we should be able to spread light to them. For that, good financial support is needed.''' ,'''Positioning one leader against another is not necessarily how our democracy functions. We do not directly elect the president or the prime minister. We choose parties based on their policies, and their efficacy depends on how well they implement their policies.''' ,'''There are no dams in Achankovil, Manimala, and Chaliyar rivers. Water in Achankovil flooded Pandalam, Manimala flooded Thiruvalla, and Chaliyar flooded Nilambur. So, based on what logic is someone saying that the reason for the floods is the opening of reservoirs?''' ,'''Encroachment upon the powers and rights of States also goes against the grain of the Constitution and federal principles.''' ,'''Kerala has a history of being resilient... in a short span we had several crises - floods, Nipah, Ockhi, etc.''' ,'''Environment conservation without stagnating development is the objective of our government.''' ,'''Everyone eats all kinds of food in Kerala. Kerala is one of the states where life span is the highest; and lifespan is closely linked to food habits. In Kerala, people are generally non-vegetarians. If it was bad for health, life expectancy would not have been so good.''' ,'''Before we complete our term in office we will provide home for every family in Kerala. No one will remain homeless.''' ,'''Historically, Kerala has been performing well on the social sector. Public health, education, and awareness have always been our core areas on which we built up our social infrastructure.''' ,'''Sabarimala is a unique place of worship where members of all faiths are free to go. It may be true that RSS and its B team, Congress, may be trying to whip up caste sentiments.''' ,'''I must say the geographically small State of Kerala has been traditionally influencing the discourse of the country with progressive ideas and innovative programs. Its voice really transcends the physical boundaries of the State.''' ,'''Non-Resident Keralites are a major strength to our State. They have immensely contributed to the development of the State and our economy heavily depends on them.''' ,'''We have to continue to resist all attempts to change our constitution.''' ,'''This very concept of police assault is a colonialist notion and it holds no significance in a modern, democratic society.''' ,'''Congress started mixing politics with religion. BJP perfected it.''' ,'''A move to decide citizenship on the basis of religion amounts to rejecting the Constitution.''' ,'''Our country is secular and Kerala is one state where it plays out at its best.''' ,'''The aim of RSS is to build an axis of countries like U.S., India and Israel against China.''' ,'''Water Metro is the first water transport system of its kind in India. The project will be implemented in a timely manner and the first phase will become a reality in March 2020.''' ,'''It is unfortunate that a party like the Congress, which had a role in social reforms as part of the national movement, has aligned with RSS and BJP.''' ,'''In a federal structure such as ours, state governments are imperative for the smooth functioning of our overall polity. They can't just be wished away.''' ,'''The Left forces have a strong and growing presence in universities, youth organizations, and among trade unions and farmer organizations... This strength is bound to reflect in the parliamentary arena.''' ,'''The Congress needs to consolidate its secular credentials. Its soft Hindutva approach would only help the BJP.''' ,'''Kerala has little tolerance for corruption. We have also made our governance as transparent as much as possible.''' ,'''The renaissance movement and social reformers have taught us that superstitious beliefs and customs should be challenged and opposed.''' ,'''We know that police alone can't prevent violence. Support of political parties is imperative to maintain peace.''' ,'''In our manifesto we have said that we will focus on reducing the demand for liquor through awareness campaigns. We will also make it an offense to serve liquor to anyone below the age of 23.''' ,'''Kerala's inalienable strength is our excellent social infrastructure, built over a period of time.''' ,'''The Left is not a major electoral force in many states; in some, we are practically not there.''' ,'''When disaster strikes, our prime objective is to save the maximum number of people. As the person heading the government, my duty is to provide all support to the flood-affected.''' ,'''Keralites don't think on communal lines.''' ,'''Every time they came to power, the Congress engaged in large scale corruption. Even when they were in power, they did nothing to stop the hoarding of black money in offshore havens.''' ,'''As the Chief Minister, I make it a point that review meetings are conducted every day - sometimes more than thrice a day - involving heads of all departments concerned.''' ,'''Our freedom fighters have struggled to oust imperial forces and establish a secular nation. It cannot be broken by the Sangh Parivar and Modi easily.''' ,'''We are for abstinence, not prohibition. Prohibition leads to many socio-legal problems. Wherever liquor has been prohibited, there is a tendency to consume through illegal means.''' ,'''The Left government has been consistent in its approach to a development process that takes environment into consideration.''' ,'''Some vested interests have an inclination to tarnish the image of those in politics and there have been occasions when some people have fallen for such tendencies. A democratic society can go forward only after rectifying such outlooks.''' ,'''The Kerala Police is the best law and order force and investigation agency in the country.''' ,]
+++