+++
author = "Dinesh D'Souza"
title = "Dinesh D'Souza Quotes"
quotes_len = "59"
description = "the best 59 Dinesh D'Souza Quotes"
keywords = "dinesh d'souza,dinesh d'souza quotes,dinesh d'souza quote,dinesh d'souza sayings,dinesh d'souza saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I believe the most compelling explanation of Obama's actions is that he is, just like his father, an anti-colonialist.''' ,'''Barack Obama is the most antibusiness president in a generation, perhaps in American history.''' ,'''I want to create the largest archive of great God debates in existence: a Web site that becomes a great resource for both Christians and atheists.''' ,'''Anti-Americanism from abroad would not be such a problem if Americans were united in standing up for their own country.''' ,'''If Obama came by his liberalism in the faculty lounge, then sure, he can see it hasn't worked, and he can modify it. But if Obama got his formative ideas when he was very young, and if they are the result of his traumatic relationship with his father, then they are built into his psyche.''' ,'''I am not a creationist as the term is usually understood. I believe that the earth is billions of years old and the universe even older. I do believe that God is the creator, but that's a completely different thing. I've written in defense of evolution and made arguments that are based on evolution.''' ,'''I'm a Catholic by background. I was raised in Goa, a part of India that was visited by Portuguese missionaries a few hundred years ago, which explains my last name.''' ,'''There is a real hunger for information about Obama and a sense that information is not being covered or, in some cases, even being withheld. There is a sense that there are elements of the media that are protective of Obama, that they would rather block a story that is embarassing about Obama than let the American public decide.''' ,'''An interesting parallel: MLK was targeted by J. Edgar Hoover, an unsavory character. I was targeted by the equally unsavory B. Hussein Obama.''' ,'''Part of what you learn about life is that a wrecking ball can come out of nowhere, and it isn't just going to take out your left toe. It can hit you right in the middle and take you down.''' ,'''Christianity is the very root and foundation of Western civilization.''' ,'''Iraq is part of a legitimate American effort not to have democracy everywhere but to have democracy somewhere.''' ,'''I am attracted to arguments that have a certain plausible originality to them.''' ,'''Obama has little or nothing to do with the civil-rights movement. His roots are in Kenya, and he is shaped far more by anti-colonialism than by anything that Martin Luther King said or did.''' ,'''The scary thing is a dramatic erosion of American position in the world - its economic, military position, as well as America's influence. Obama is not the man at the wheel desperately trying to conserve American power, influence and wealth. For ideological reasons, he wants the slipping to continue. He's actually the architect of it.''' ,'''For many people, the reluctance to embrace Christianity is as practical as it is intellectual. They want to know what the benefits of Christianity are, or what's in it for them.''' ,'''If you want to understand what is going on in the White House today, you have to begin with Barack Obama.''' ,'''I love America, but I chose America.''' ,'''My wife, Dixie, is evangelical Christian. We met in the Reagan White House, when she was a student intern. We're members of the Horizon Christian Fellowship Church.''' ,'''Well, the taxes that everyone else is paying are supporting lots of programs that were in place prior to Obama's new spending. So new spending has too be paid for by new taxes, or by eliminating existing tax breaks. And Obama wants that burden to be borne exclusively by the rich.''' ,'''For me, victory isn't measured by winning in the traditional sense.''' ,'''What I've realized is that a film operates both on the intellectual and emotional levels, and if you can find a way to tell a riveting story and draw ideas out of that, it's very powerful.''' ,'''What does the doctrine of American exceptionalism empower the United States to do? Nothing more than to act better than traditional empires - committed to looting and conquest - have done. So that's American exceptionalism: an exceptionalism based on noble ideas, ideas that it holds itself to even when it falls short of them.''' ,'''O.K., if the desire to knock America off its pedestal, to redistribute American income to other countries, to shrink America's footprint in the world, makes you anti-American, then Obama is in fact anti-American.''' ,'''I came to America because this is a country defined by ladders of opportunity.''' ,'''We can stay in Afghanistan and stabilize the situation, or we can get out and win, or we can get out and lose.''' ,'''Republicans passed the Fourteenth Amendment, securing for blacks equal rights under the law, and the Fifteenth Amendment, giving blacks the right to vote, over the Democrats' opposition.''' ,'''In the end, of course, Republicans ended slavery and permanently outlawed it through the Thirteenth Amendment.''' ,'''Obama gets his identity and his ideology from his father.''' ,'''Other countries have been founded by 'accidents of force.' America is a creation of thought.''' ,'''A bigot is simply a sociologist without credentials.''' ,'''Blacks' problems lie not in the heads of white people but rather in the wasted and incompletely fulfilled lives of too many black people.''' ,'''Young men are obsessed with their dads, and they remain obsessed if the dad is not around. Remember that there was a lot of discussion about how George W. Bush might have invaded Iraq to atone for the failures of his dad.''' ,'''Christianity has always embraced both reason and faith.''' ,'''Obama remains frozen in his father's time machine. His anti-colonialism is the anti-colonialism of Africa in the 1950s: state confiscation of land, confiscatory taxation, and so on. My anti-colonialism is the anti-colonialism of India in the 21st century.''' ,'''This point seems counter-intuitive, given the amount of conspicuous vulgarity, vice, and immorality in America. Indeed some Islamic fundamentalists argue that their regimes are morally superior to the United States because they seek to foster virtue among the citizens.''' ,'''Christianity is the fastest-growing religion in the world; Islam is the second. It's spreading in Asia, Africa, and South America. So the world is in a kind of religious revival, and the atheists are totally flummoxed. They thought they were winning, and now they see that they aren't.''' ,'''American history is the story of Democratic malefactors and Republican heroes.''' ,'''America is simultaneously the most attractive and most repulsive place on the planet. It is most loved and most hated.''' ,''''War on terror' is a misnomer. It would be like calling America's involvement in World War II a 'war on kamikazism.' Terrorism, like kamikazism, is a tactic.''' ,'''Contrary to what we learn from progressives in education and the media, the history of the Democratic Party well into the twentieth century is a virtually uninterrupted history of thievery, corruption, and bigotry.''' ,'''I'm not above the law. No one is. But we don't want to live in a society where Lady Justice has one eye open and winks at her friends and casts the evil eye at her adversaries. When will it stop?''' ,'''Christianity teaches that this life is not the only life, and there is a final judgment in which all earthly accounts are settled.''' ,'''Never assume, no matter how strong the temptation, that other people are low-life lying manipulators without a shred of human decency.''' ,'''I was a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute (AEI) in Washington, and my neighbor was Michael Novak, a theologian and philosopher who has written about issues like the morality of capitalism and the Christian roots of free markets. It's possible to be fascinated intellectually with the Christian heritage without being devout.''' ,'''I think, with Obama and the progressives, you've seen a massive expansion of big government, and it's all based on a moral premise. The moral premise is that wealth is theft. And I don't just mean the wealth of America, I mean, your wealth, my wealth.''' ,'''Christianity makes of life a moral drama in which we play a starring role and in which the most ordinary events take on a grand significance.''' ,'''I want to give Michael Moore a run for his money.''' ,'''Obama doesn't know how to invent the iPhone; he can't start a successful business. He's never really worked in a business except for the briefest of times.''' ,'''Whenever a Gujarati or Sikh businessman comes to a Republican event, it begins with an appeal to Jesus Christ. While the Democrats are really good at making the outsider feel at home, the Republicans make little or no effort.''' ,'''I would argue that the issue of God and the issue of science have the same roots.''' ,'''Most of the debates I've participated in have been on Christian college campuses or on secular campuses; so, largely before a student audience.''' ,'''Under normal circumstances, if the centerpiece of a president's campaign is helping the disadvantaged and we are our brother's keeper, the idea that this same guy has an actual brother living in third-world poverty without any help from Obama, this would have been on the cover of 'The New York Times.' But none of them are touching it.''' ,'''There are some who invoke separation of church and state - to try to get the government out of the business of morality - but this is antithetical to what the founders wanted. The founders wanted to keep theology out of government so that government could focus on the proper business of morality.''' ,'''I don't want reporters to talk to me because I'm a revolutionary and if it got out that I'm basically friendly with Obama it would hurt Obama.''' ,'''Ramesh Ponnuru and others say Obama is a conventional liberal. But conventional liberals don't come out for the release of the Lockerbie bomber. Conventional liberals don't return the bust of Winston Churchill from the Oval Office. Conventional liberals don't block oil drilling in America while subsidizing oil drilling in Brazil.''' ,'''I'm completely Americanized - I have an American accent, an American wife - but a residue of me is foreign.''' ,''''2016' is based on an experiment: what if you let Obama do it himself? That experiment is necessarily limited because I'm not factoring in a Republican House, a Supreme Court or the tug of public opinion.''' ,'''I came to America at the age of 17 as an exchange student, and a year later, I was a student at Dartmouth. I would say that the rather weak foundation of my Christianity was effectively battered at Dartmouth. I've had mostly a secular career. But I became intellectually interested in Christianity again in my mid-30s.''' ,]
+++