+++
author = "Phoebe Robinson"
title = "Phoebe Robinson Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Phoebe Robinson Quotes"
keywords = "phoebe robinson,phoebe robinson quotes,phoebe robinson quote,phoebe robinson sayings,phoebe robinson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''One of the great things about 'The Voice' is that all the judges sing their own hits, as well as covers, and do duets with each other.''' ,'''It's better to keep your past and present loves separate.''' ,'''Normally, I'd believe that the saying 'There's no small parts, only small actors' is a load of crock because, more often than not, actors relegated to the small-part category stay in 'Who was that guy from that thing' purgatory - however, '90s sitcom 'Friends' proved that the saying is true.''' ,'''I'm easily frightened and am somewhat of a squeamish person.''' ,'''Just like anyone else, I watch a lot of reality TV yet will turn my nose up at some of it, e.g., ABC's 'Splash,' because I think I'm above it.''' ,'''I have watched every single season of 'American Idol' since the beginning, when Ryan Seacrest co-hosted with Brian Dunkleman. Brian who? Exactly.''' ,'''There's so many careers that didn't happen because women are like, 'I can't deal with this harassment. I'm going to leave this industry.'''' ,'''I never really thought of comedy as a career. My goal was, when I moved to New York, I was going to write serious films.''' ,'''One cannot control the life they are born into.''' ,'''The Roots know how to give their audience some medicine without them even realizing it.''' ,'''I'm not a caffeine person.''' ,'''People like to pretend that all women have the same experience or that all gay people have the same experience. But everyone's life is different, and everyone's point of view is valid.''' ,'''Any joke can be funny, but not any joke is funny. Any joke has the potential to be hilarious to you, but more importantly, the joke has the potential to not be funny to you but to someone else.''' ,'''I think anytime you work on something, even if you feel really good about it, you're never really sure. Once it's in the public space, it's out of my hands.''' ,'''I'm obsessed with the Fenty beauty line. It's like, finally, women of color get good makeup.''' ,'''It is utterly asinine that people continually go to comedy shows without bothering to see if their sensibilities line up with the comedians.''' ,'''Sometimes in stand-up, you want that late-night set where you get that five minutes, then you want a half-hour special, and then the crown, if you will, is an HBO special.''' ,'''I never really watched much stand-up growing up. I just was not really that into it. But I can say I honestly fell in love with it the second I touched the microphone. It was like this weird thing where it's like, 'Oh, yeah, this is what I'm supposed to do.'''' ,'''The reason I was drawn to the Band Perry was because they have a knack for doing rollicking country music that can sound a little rock and a little pop.''' ,'''I think that comfort is underrated in a lot of ways.''' ,'''At its best, alt comedy can be challenging, surprising, and innovative. And at its worst, alt comics think that being awkward.com/FAQS is a substitution for punchlines.''' ,'''Typically, in New York, there are so many comics on a single lineup that you can only do eight minutes.''' ,'''I'm a sucker for two things: Adam Lambert and songs that start out as emo as a sad episode of 'Felicity' and then drop. That. Beat.''' ,''''SNL' has always been known for its ability to skewer politics, and the circus that was Palin's bid to be Vice President was ripe for parody.''' ,'''The great thing about being a standard-issue, straight white person is you have so much time. Gay people, people of color, we have less time! We have to be a living Learning Annex to everybody. We don't have time to master hobbies like skipping rocks along lakes.''' ,'''Flashback episodes are a tried-and-true sitcom device, but they always work!''' ,'''Being in a male-dominated industry, you can feel like a little excluded. That was making me feel like maybe I'm not funny. I was really seriously considering, like, quitting standup.''' ,'''I am a workaholic - my family will agree with that.''' ,''''2 Dope Queens,' it was just a way for us to showcase female comedians, showcase comedians of color, showcase LGBT comedians, and shake up the landscape and be like, 'Hey, there is more than just what is out there.'''' ,'''Spending $40,000 on shoes is downright ignorant.''' ,'''Even the best comedians aren't always sure what is going to be funny, what is going to work. So that means they're constantly and trying and failing in order to get there.''' ,'''Not going to lie: when I heard that Toni Braxton's sister, Tamar, wanted to have a music career, I was skeptical. I know she sang backup for Toni and is a great reality-TV star, but being a musician is a whole 'nother league. Well, Tamar proved me wrong.''' ,'''There are just so many brilliant voices out there. I'm not the funniest person out there, I'm not the best interviewer. I'm not the best at anything, but I really just am a big fan of everyone. I'm really driven by trying to make sure that representation is out there.''' ,'''I don't really read Stephen King - I just can't read scary things because it stays with me too long - but I truly liked his memoir of the craft of writing.''' ,'''A lot of times in comedy, and also in podcasting and television, there are different kinds of voices that can be celebrated. So you can have 'Insecure' exist, you can have a '2 Dope Queens' exist, you can have 'The Mindy Project' exist - very distinct, funny voices from women and from people of color.''' ,'''Technology has been the great equalizer: you can find your audience, you can build your brand, and the people that are into you, great. They're going to follow you to whatever platform you go to.''' ,'''Who can forget the awesome scene in 'Independence Day' when the White House gets blown up by aliens? Sure, it looks cheesy now, but back in 1994, it was incredible.''' ,'''Let's be real: more often than not, Hollywood does not have three-dimensional characters for women to play.''' ,'''I love doing standup, but I love watching it more. Watching people like Michelle Buteau or Baron Vaughn get up and do their thing - that is what comedy can be like.''' ,'''I'm from Cleveland, Ohio. I was the only black girl in my grade. And I was just, like, really dorky. Like, I wasn't cool.''' ,'''I love any TV show that has to do with singing.''' ,'''While complex acting roles are lacking for actresses, what's even more rare are female directors.''' ,'''I'll be the first to admit it: I love fluff. Whether it's watching 'America's Next Top Model' or listening to dance pop like Rihanna's 'Where Have You Been,' I like to keep it light and fun, especially during the spring and summer months.''' ,'''I started watching 'Daria' when I was in college because I didn't have cable growing up. It's such a smart show with a different type of female character.''' ,'''Like lots of people, I really love Roxane Gay.''' ,'''I've experienced harassment. I've had male comedians be very inappropriate.''' ,'''I'm going to keep doing the comedy and the art that I do. I'm going to keep uplifting marginalized voices, and I think that's my place to do that.''' ,'''Let's be real: dads get a bad rap in the media. We're talking Vanilla Ice's 'Ninja Rap' bad. More often than not, they're either pop lockin' Soul Train-style after learning they aren't the father, or they're selfish man-children who have more toys than brain cells.''' ,'''For me personally, I was just worried that transitioning from a podcast, which is a very intimate sort of experience - people tell me they listen to my podcast while they're at the gym or on road trips, so you're in someone's ear - to being on television - that's a lot of space to fill.''' ,'''I like the gym the best when it's mostly empty.''' ,'''Seriously, show me a person who's not into Tom Hanks, and I'll show you a person who is anti-happiness.''' ,'''Making tough decisions that may make someone unhappy is something to get good at doing.''' ,'''I love how Shakespeare can really rip your heart out one second and then make you laugh the next. He's a master writer.''' ,'''Arcade Fire always churns out music that makes me want to move.''' ,'''I thought I was going to be a serious screenwriter and produce serious films. It was going to be 'American Beauty' and very important work.''' ,'''I like hot people being hot. How else do you explain my high school infatuation with Ricky Martin in all his shirtless glory?''' ,'''It's just a wild experience to have thousands of people stand up and cheer for you.''' ,'''I just wanna go on the record to say I talk about U2 so much, I should be their publicist. I should be added to the PR team. U2 is my favorite band of all time. I love them so much.''' ,'''Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore are two of the most charming A-listers in Hollywood.''' ,'''Sometimes it's good to say no. Sometimes it's good to not act impulsively.''' ,'''Sometimes when people start dating a hot piece, they take on some of their boo's characteristics unintentionally.''' ,'''I have to admit that I was never into the boy band craze of the late '90s and the early aughts. I was into more adult things like Ricky Martin. For reals.''' ,'''What's important is to have more women creators behind the scenes, being producers and being in charge. That will ultimately help push this boys'-club, locker-room mentality out the door.''' ,'''As scary as it is, we have to admit that there are folks in the world who only know the Roots as 'the band on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.''''' ,'''I love sending flowers! It's the best.''' ,'''I don't think people realize what it's like for people of color to audition for film and TV.''' ,'''I'm a very business-minded person.''' ,'''I really like a red lip as my go-to when I go out.''' ,'''I think what's good is that men are now realizing that life is not a buffet where you just get to pick and choose whatever you want.''' ,'''Say what you want about Maroon 5 not making music like the kind found on 'Songs About Jane,' the fact remains that they know how to write a really good pop song that highlights lead singer Adam Levine's falsetto.''' ,'''Feminism is being broken open, to welcome more people than just white women of a certain class.''' ,'''Anyone who does stand-up comedy can agree that doing a late-night spot is a dream of theirs.''' ,'''I'm fabulous on a budget.''' ,'''I'm a nail biter and have been my whole life.''' ,'''I am a grizzly New Yorker.''' ,''''Ain't It Fun,' which is about entering the real world, is bouncy and shows off Paramore's lighter side, to the dismay of some of the band's fans, who are used to the punk-rock sound.''' ,'''I was a funny kid growing up, and I did improv in college and went to Pratt Institute, but I did it very informally. It was just me and some of my friends goofing around on campus.''' ,'''I think people just don't respect women's bodies in general, the bodies of women of color in general.''' ,'''As a kid I used to always write these stories... some of them were really cute; some of them were kind of crazy.''' ,'''If I'm going to be completely honest, I did not get the appeal of IFC's 'Portlandia' initially.''' ,'''The 'X-Men' franchise has not been a perfect one.''' ,'''From the leg lamp to Ralphie's tongue getting stuck on a frozen pole to that BB-gun incident, 'A Christmas Story' has left its mark on all our brains, so much so that it sometimes feels like this story is our own.''' ,'''I want to have an empire. I like being in front of the camera, performing - but I would like to get to a place where I'm also executive producing and bringing other people along. People of all different walks of life, highlighting their voices.''' ,'''I will allow myself to sleep in until 9 A.M. on the weekends.''' ,'''I know the world is pretty intense, but in my opinion, there's nothing more perilous than being a teenager and watching a raunchy comedy with your parents.''' ,'''One of the things I love about 'Idol' besides the drama, the backstories, and the crazy arrangements on popular songs is the auditions, when everyone is full of hope and nerves.''' ,'''I try to read 20 books a year.''' ,'''I think, at the end of the day, you have to decide what you want. Do you want to be famous? Do you want to be rich? Do you want to have a career? Those are three very different things.''' ,'''If I have a daughter and she grows up to be an astronaut, she's gonna end up on a Black History Month stamp.''' ,'''I don't have a stylist.''' ,'''Sometimes it's good to act responsibly.''' ,'''I love how most people in 'Sixteen Candles' don't actually look their age. It adds to the movie's funky and low-budget vibe.''' ,'''Guys say 'like' all the time, and no one notices it.''' ,'''I'm really into short-story collections and essays; they're my jam.''' ,'''Comedy is subjective, and any joke can be funny.''' ,'''With '2 Dope Queens,' with stand-up, and also with 'Sooo Many White Guys,' the interview stuff that I do, I really am a fan first.''' ,'''Just because you're not like other people doesn't mean that you're bad. It means that you're different, and that's great.''' ,'''If the guy does not treat you with love and respect, does not cease-and-desist with all the game playing, is not willing to share his world with you, then he is bad for you.''' ,'''You got a snaggletooth? Show it off. You have an overbite? Bite some more.''' ,'''Let's stop acting like a man who is clear about his intentions, is open to love, and has a good head on his shoulders is 'boring,' 'lame,' and 'not passionate like the edgy guy.'''' ,]
+++