+++
author = "Ashraf Barhom"
title = "Ashraf Barhom Quotes"
quotes_len = "9"
description = "the best 9 Ashraf Barhom Quotes"
keywords = "ashraf barhom,ashraf barhom quotes,ashraf barhom quote,ashraf barhom sayings,ashraf barhom saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a hybrid, from a cultural perspective, but I don't think in these terms. I'm more simple than that. I'm a mammal who will live 70 years, more or less, who believes in God and likes his life.''' ,'''There are many movies which come with an attitude of black and white. I am good and you are bad. And there are many movies that are also trying to see the reality as it is or to discover what really is behind the character or events.''' ,'''I'm a mammal at the end. I breathe out and breathe in and eat. At the end, when we go to sleep, nobody lives this political definition. It's something we connect by and we try to understand each other by, but at the end, we know that this is not who we are.''' ,'''I want that every piece of art be honest, never mind what it is about.''' ,'''I expressed myself through hyperactivity and disruption. I wanted to play rather than study.''' ,'''We talk different languages, eat different foods, but all humanity has one ancestor, which started from one person, which started from one god.''' ,'''I believe change should come from the real leader, who can make a real peace, and his name is God.''' ,'''The two cultures of East and West are very different, and the priorities are very different. So when you understand that - if you are from this side or this side - when you understand that the other is different than you, and you respect these differences, you can build communication.''' ,'''When we attach ourselves to national identities, then we enter into a cycle of conflict. I didn't choose where I was born or who to be or what people would call me.''' ,]
+++