+++
author = "Joanna Kulig"
title = "Joanna Kulig Quotes"
quotes_len = "27"
description = "the best 27 Joanna Kulig Quotes"
keywords = "joanna kulig,joanna kulig quotes,joanna kulig quote,joanna kulig sayings,joanna kulig saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''On television, I love 'The Crown,' and 'The Affair' is so psychological.''' ,'''When I was small - I grew up in a village outside of Krakow - my brothers and sisters and I would play folk instruments and make music in our home.''' ,'''I grew up in a small village outside of Krakow, and when I was small we had only a small television, and we had only one and two programs. I remember it was black and white. And I loved to watch Charlie Chaplin. I was so small, but I remember his movement.''' ,'''When you play a person who exists in real life, it is different than when you play fiction.''' ,'''I like the French kind of style because it's simple and minimal. I have blonde hair and big lips, and when I do too much I think sometimes I don't look very well, you know?''' ,'''An actor must take care of her health.''' ,'''Sometimes I like to be more simple - simple colours, to be completely empty.''' ,'''I think that the two worlds of fashion and acting world have a lot of common things, because we all build a character.''' ,'''My university organised a casting call for a film and I won the role. I played a character who was dying of cancer. I remember in the middle of shooting going, 'Oh my God! Why did I decide to do this?' But people noticed me in it and I started getting invited to castings.''' ,'''Yes, I started piano and classical singing, I wanted to study jazz, but I tried to go to the Polish University of Jazz, but they didn't want me. In Krakow, I wanted to conduct, they didn't want me. And I start to think, 'I have to do something.' In Krakow there was drama and music. I started to study.''' ,'''I like being in groups rather than alone - I'm very open to people.''' ,'''Music was my first love; acting was something that wasn't important to me early on.''' ,'''I was 6 when communism was finished.''' ,'''You can't really plan with acting!''' ,'''When we are older we are very smart, but when we are younger we don't think we are happy, we have all of life ahead of us.''' ,'''I am a very neurotic person all the time.''' ,'''Being from the countryside gave me a spine, and it's why I'm so accepting - I don't judge people for how they look or how they talk... I just accept everyone.''' ,'''When I was between 18 and 25 it was like I had problem finding the middle of my personality.''' ,'''Anyone can fall in love.''' ,'''I'm not a professional dancer.''' ,'''My experience with the National Theatre in Kracow often involved many changes of storyline and character. This was particularly useful when working with a director such as Pawel Pawlikowski who is quite intuitive and demands flexibility in an actor.''' ,'''My grandmother would hide bread for when maybe another war would come. You had to be ready.''' ,'''I played a bee! It was a Polish fairy tale we performed at school when I was seven or eight. I had wings fixed to me.''' ,'''Poland is a country of strong women.''' ,'''I'm open. I like new experiences in life and new cultures.''' ,'''I never thought of being an actress, I was always singing or playing on the piano.''' ,'''I love 'The Godfather.'''' ,]
+++