+++
author = "Himesh Reshammiya"
title = "Himesh Reshammiya Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Himesh Reshammiya Quotes"
keywords = "himesh reshammiya,himesh reshammiya quotes,himesh reshammiya quote,himesh reshammiya sayings,himesh reshammiya saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I am shy. People misconstrue it as arrogance.''' ,'''As a singer, I always try to keep my music videos clean.''' ,'''The cap that I wear on a particular day depends purely on my dress code.''' ,'''I love all kinds of caps and hats, but my favourite is the baseball cap.''' ,'''I took a break from doing music to concentrate on acting.''' ,'''I don't use conventional voices for my compositions.''' ,'''The appreciation that we received after the release of the audio of 'Every Night and Day' is all because of Iulia Vantur. According to me as a composer of this song, she made this song sound very fresh.''' ,'''Before I got the desired effect in my voice, I trained in classical music under my father for several years.''' ,'''I have a collection of caps, but I never count them.''' ,'''There was a time when I composed for 30 films in a year. In such a short-spanned career, I have done 100 films and 500 songs. I am used to working hard.''' ,''''Damadamm!' is a sweet comedy, and there is always room for watching a feel-good entertainer on Diwali.''' ,'''After giving countless hit songs, I felt saturated. I decided to do music only for my own films and music albums. And so, I decided to start my own music label.''' ,'''I eat four times a day. The evening snacks are a must.''' ,'''I always believe that it is destiny and divine intervention that are with me.''' ,'''I had a lot of songs which, I felt, if they come in an album, they can become bigger hits than in films.''' ,'''Just being around Salman Khan, who is so energetic and humorous at the same time, is always entertaining.''' ,'''This whole game of hit and flops will always be there and I have survived because I am hit. I think industry works on hit and flop.''' ,'''Satish Kaushik has a knack of coming up with very good remakes.''' ,'''Quite often, when I am recording a song or getting ready for a concert, I pray.''' ,'''Comedy is one genre that I really want to come my way because I was loved for my funny character in 'Khiladi 786.' So, if approached with a good script and good songs, I will certainly take it up.''' ,'''You must never get carried away by your success; many people tend to do so after they achieve success in the initial stages of their life. Your feet must be on the ground all the time.''' ,'''I am a huge fan of Aamir Khan.''' ,'''I am very conscious of first sampling the music and then getting it out for fans.''' ,'''To be good in playback, you need to modulate your voice and sing with an accent that can provide some freshness.''' ,'''I love challenges, as it breaks the monotony and takes me out of my comfort zone.''' ,'''See, talent is important, and so is hard work. But if you don't have destiny and good karma on your side, talent cannot do the magic by itself.''' ,'''It was a little difficult for me to get six pack abs because I wanted to get them naturally without taking any supplements, and thus it took about three times the usual time.''' ,'''I acted in 'Aap Kaa Surroor,' which did well. But after that, films didn't work for me.''' ,''''Radio' was made at a budget of Rs 6 crore. Thankfully, the money invested in making the film was recovered through music.''' ,'''My hobby is my profession, and therefore, I keep on composing creatively.''' ,'''I was really sickened with people passing on comments that I have nasal touch while singing. Naturally, when anyone sings with high-pitched octaves, some notes may slight get in touch modalities with nasal, and that doesn't actually mean 'nasal singing.'''' ,'''I feel Salman Khan is not only a superstar, but also the greatest human being because of the kind of charity he does, the kind of noble thoughts he has and the love and care he shows towards his close ones.''' ,'''I agree that my films have flopped, and I have been slammed for my nasal voice, my look, and my dialogue delivery. But every time I got a negative feedback, I went out of my way to work on it.''' ,'''Nowadays, everyone is sporting a tattoo, so the uniqueness of having one is gone unless you have an original tattoo.''' ,'''Music is my first love, as it's in my blood.''' ,'''I love to simplify the ragas and use them in my music as much as possible.''' ,'''My nasal voice has given me recognition.''' ,'''When my films didn't work, I wondered what was wrong in my acting graph, and then I realised the dedication I had for music, I didn't have the same for acting.''' ,'''I had never dreamt of acting.''' ,'''I am only 30, and music is like a subject for me. I work like a student in every film.''' ,'''I am a Gujarati by birth, but having spent most of the growing up years in Mumbai, I can eat all kinds of food, from pizza to Thai, but given a choice, I want to stick to Indian.''' ,'''Salman Khan gave me a break, and that proved to be a boon. By the grace of God, my first song was a blockbuster.''' ,'''I love Bollywood, I love films, and I like to push myself, which motivates me to work harder.''' ,'''Critics said I am nasal, but my fans made me hit. So I will not stop singing if critics don't like me.''' ,'''The music of 'Damadamm!' will be released by my company, HR Musik, and you will find a completely different Himesh in every song.''' ,'''I relish tea, but I am not an addict. Twice a day is fine.''' ,'''In one word, if I have to describe 'Damadamm!' then I will say that the performances, the music, and the script reflect sincerity.''' ,'''Singing and composing come naturally to me, but acting does not. I have worked at it and attended several workshops to learn the craft.''' ,'''If everything in my career has to be made into an autobiography, then there will be people who might think that I am trying to make a statement. But I don't want to do that.''' ,'''Audiences are not interested in watching singers who stand stiffly and sing for three hours.''' ,'''Whatever my singing aspirations are, you'll hear them in 'Aap Ka Suroor.' It's no run-of-the-mill album.''' ,'''I will stop nasal singing. I will change if the time comes. I am 100% sure about it. The day I feel people are loving some different kind of music, I will opt for it and change myself.''' ,'''I have always believed in reinventing myself and taking risks.''' ,'''Your mind and soul must be completely involved in your work all the time. This is how you will achieve success.''' ,'''When I sang in 'Aashiq Banaya Aapne,' I never imagined the song would be such a rage.''' ,'''In 'Radio,' I play Vimesh, a 34-year-old guy who solves others' problems on the radio, while he himself undergoes turmoil in his life with his wife deciding to divorce him. I think the audience will relate to the character.''' ,'''When my father is happy with my music, I know I have done something good, and there is no question of generation gap.''' ,'''Big producers trust the music directors. Small directors are insecure but like to experiment.''' ,'''Never take your critics lightly. You must always try to win them over by your hard work. Don't brush them off.''' ,'''I am happy to be a composer.''' ,'''I know there are many great talents, much more talented than I am, but they haven't been able to achieve what I have.''' ,'''I do everything from my heart.''' ,'''I don't pick up fights casually. I fight for what is right.''' ,'''I like to create a sound and then leave it behind.''' ,'''With 'The Xpose,' the main challenge was to create timeless melodies. The thriller is set in the '60s, and we didn't want the songs to sound dated.''' ,'''I don't have the temperament of being a director.''' ,'''Everything that I have earned in my life is just because of my guruji and his omnipotent blessing.''' ,''''Karzzz' was a mistake.''' ,'''I'm unapologetic about multi-tasking. From being a television producer to a musician, an actor, and a film producer, I would like to believe there has been growth in my career.''' ,'''I have experimented with various genres of music, whether its rock, pop, slow songs, etc.''' ,'''Just praise is not enough; you've got to get work to survive.''' ,'''Many people do not know how hard I work. There are many days I work more than 18 hours.''' ,'''Talent alone is never enough.''' ,'''I make singers sing every note fully and wait till they hit the right note.''' ,'''I work out a lot, and I had to control my diet to be fit.''' ,'''I am a huge fan of Yash Chopra, Karan Johar, Farah Khan, Sooraj Barjatiya or Sanjay Leela Bhansali or Aditya Chopra. They are great legends.''' ,'''I am a human, and I fear flops.''' ,'''I have too much work as a composer to concentrate on singing.''' ,'''Live audiences are quite demanding. They shower you with love and admiration, but only if you have done a very good job.''' ,'''I took advice from Salman Khan, getting health tips because he is my mentor, and I take his advice for everything I do from Salman bhai. He has given me a lot of tips on body building because he was the first person to start the trend of fitness in the country.''' ,'''It is important for children to learn, whether they want to pursue music or any other field.''' ,'''A lot of planning goes into ensuring that every project becomes a super hit.''' ,'''There can never be another Kishore Kumar.''' ,'''When I started singing, people said I couldn't sing because I was a music director. I proved them wrong.''' ,'''I know kids who participated in reality shows and became a superstar over time without singing for films, because the opportunities are wider besides films.''' ,'''You should not think of business while performing your art. This advice holds true for every artiste, irrespective of what he is doing.''' ,'''I am keen to prove myself as an actor.''' ,'''Everything about me is so odd: I look weird. I have a nasal voice. I'm arrogant. my singing raises the dead from the grave. I am inspired by Altaf Raja, as one report mentioned, and so much more. I have stopped fighting all these rumours and remarks.''' ,'''Salman Khan has the fittest body for the last 25 years. He looks younger each passing year. He inspires me a lot.''' ,'''I worked for a year to get into the right shape for 'Teraa Surroor.'''' ,'''If you are being criticised, and you are unsuccessful, then that can be a low for you. But if you are doing good and still being slammed, then it is good.''' ,'''I'll sing for my films only when I want to.''' ,'''The concept of 'The Voice' has received acclamation worldwide. There will be blind auditions where the coaches will pick contestants without seeing them. It will be a unique concept for the Indian audience.''' ,'''I knew that I couldn't afford to go wrong with the music of 'Karzzz.'''' ,'''I do heavy workout for one-and-a-half hours every day.''' ,'''Sometimes in life, mutual respect becomes most important, and giving due respect to our relationship, Komal and I have amicably decided to part ways legally as husband and wife.''' ,'''Pooja Bhatt is a very good director.''' ,'''I am neither hurt nor disturbed by the occasional backbiting and criticism from my colleagues. By and large, the music industry has been very supportive.''' ,'''A singer doesn't sing at home: he or she wants his songs to reach out the audience. Audience always gives you your due.''' ,''''Dasavatharam' is science fiction, a multi-crore budgeted film worth Rs 50 to 60 crore and ahead of its time.''' ,]
+++