+++
author = "Kerry King"
title = "Kerry King Quotes"
quotes_len = "33"
description = "the best 33 Kerry King Quotes"
keywords = "kerry king,kerry king quotes,kerry king quote,kerry king sayings,kerry king saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I write when I have to; I write when the song is done and I deal with the idea and I just go with it and I'll become what that song is all about until I have finished it. And when you do that, it makes the song more visual, it makes it more personal.''' ,'''It's fun when you are on tour to go a place you are familiar with in any given city. It's like being home away from home.''' ,'''When we play 'Angel of Death', it's actually a 2 and half minutes sing 'til our party starts. That song is pretty much been played traditionally in the end.''' ,'''I have tons of friends in the heavy-metal music world, and just going to see them inspires me.''' ,'''My strangest media moment a photo session they all had dressed up like 50 gangsters. That was pretty cool. We have to get some more of those kind of photos sometimes.''' ,'''The worst thing about touring is the travel.''' ,'''Traditionally the show must go on which is a stupid thing to say, but that in a nutshell is what's going on. We have a new record out; if we won't tour, the new record dies. It's reality - it's what business is nowadays. You just need to tour to sell your albums.''' ,'''I used the dictionary very minimally and I just wrote how I speak. And I speak very hateful manner usually. I constantly did that because I think the fans would get more out of it if they understood exactly what I'm saying - exactly where I'm coming from.''' ,'''It's a new perspective where I got a role in and they are just spewed out of my mouth.''' ,'''I play loud onstage for my own benefit as I like. But I'm not too fond of the P.A. either.''' ,'''Of course we are doing this primarily for ourselves, but I know our fans dig most of it, too.''' ,'''I think the church and the religion right now have a lot more to be worried about than SLAYER.''' ,'''We haven't played that many of them because all our gear was over here waiting for us when we could get here. So we didn't get to rehearse any of the new stuff, so we have planned to play 3 or 4 new ones.''' ,'''So, there's like one luxury you take and since we do that, y'know, you're involved with people in suits; business people all the time. But hey, if I sit down on a bar and they leave, good for me.''' ,'''I'm always using a towel around my head. Airports don't worry about me.''' ,'''I think no matter what kind of music you play, there will be moments when you feel like it's all been done before.''' ,'''My first figure was a SLAYER eagle. And the dragons and the tribals are all I have got.''' ,'''You kind of have to become a song so to speak and we wanted to make sure that Tom did them with the best abilities he had and captured all that what the song is all about.''' ,'''I just saw Jensen the other day. They are gonna be in the States at the same time when we are doing the tour, Se we'll see if we are going to see somewhere.''' ,'''Chart numbers can be deceiving. An album doesn't have to sell that much these days to show up really high on the charts.''' ,'''I don't reflect much, unless I'm talking to the media. I have more of a 'Forward, march!' kind of attitude.''' ,'''This new one was held for a couple months, so I guess it was better, but when we go into thinking our next record tragedy, it traditionally will probably change the distribution again and it will get held up again.''' ,'''If you don't tour, you cannot expect to sell a huge numbers of your albums either. It was both a business - and an economical decision and we wanted to play anyway. We just wanted to get out for the tour when it was safe enough for us.''' ,'''If I'm ever feeling uninspired, all I have to do is go see Exodus or Arch Enemy, and think 'Oh yeah, that's what we're doing this for.'''' ,'''It's good to be playing one and a half hour again. In the States we played like an hour and when you got onstage it felt like all of a sudden you are already done your set. But now, it feels like we are touring again.''' ,'''When we finally got to play that and we had a great show there, well I can tell it was pretty awesome. Y'know, we probably did bigger festivals since then; we probably headlined bigger festivals since then, but I will always remember that.''' ,'''It's hard 'coz you have got different time zones; you can't sleep and y'know, it's boring way for the show to happen, but you do off the stage. Y'know, onstage it's all better.''' ,'''Check bags are fun. I just make sure there won't be anything illegal in my check bag which is forbidden at a cabin of a plane. Just leaving things like scissors and such out of my carry-on things in order to avoid troubles with some certain airline, y'know.''' ,'''Well, to be honest with you, yes there is and there is not. But as I am a fan of this kind of music as well as the rest of the guys naturally are - and being a fan, we kind of get pleased by our music as fans and as being in SLAYER.''' ,'''It was only supposed to be on WCW compilation; on that wrestling compilation. And for that I thought it was good. And then we threw it on our record as well.''' ,'''In the crazy world of touring, if something gets stuck at customs, I can do a show with just my amp!''' ,'''When something irritates me, I don't go home and write; I just don't do that.''' ,'''I remember when Circuit City was around, I never understood why people would shop there. I always thought Best Buy had a better selection and cheaper prices.''' ,]
+++