+++
author = "Mark Feuerstein"
title = "Mark Feuerstein Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Mark Feuerstein Quotes"
keywords = "mark feuerstein,mark feuerstein quotes,mark feuerstein quote,mark feuerstein sayings,mark feuerstein saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are many interactions that an actor like me has in public when he gets recognized. The best are 'You're a great actor, good work,' and move on. A very good interaction could be when they say 'You were awesome on 'The West Wing,' 'Loved 'In Her Shoes,' great movie,' 'What Women Want,' good job dude.'''' ,'''Okay, so, sometimes in life, I can be a score-keeper - someone who keeps track of what he gives and what he gets in return. An annoying quality, to say the least, and I'm sure my wife has your sympathy, but it's made me highly attuned to when and where credit is due.''' ,'''The closest thing I use to beauty products is the grease on the pizza from John's Pizzeria.''' ,'''I always believe that my greatest audience will come from 70-year-old Jewish men and Jewish women, but that's me from my experience of going to High Holiday services and being adored by the women with free candy in the back.''' ,'''In high school, I was a total jock/extracurricular nerd/just plain nerd.''' ,'''Once you become an actor, it's important to take care of yourself. I live in Santa Monica, where I can mountain bike, hike and go running on the beach. I like a nice sunset jog.''' ,'''I just give off this kind of feminine vibe which has... served me so well with women in my life.''' ,'''I love to listen to Howard Stern with the guy who drives me.''' ,'''Well, first of all, I grew up in New York City, going to first a public school, then a private school, and when I got to the private school in Manhattan, I learned of what we called 'The Promised Land,' which are the Hamptons. I've always had an affinity for the Hamptons.''' ,'''To use a word I never thought I'd apply to myself, I've sort of become a Luddite with regard to information. Where everyone else is getting their Twitter feeds from 'The New York Times' and their 'Huffington Post' emails, I live in a little bit of a bubble.''' ,'''I just recently joined Twitter. It's very positive - I love all the accolades. If my ego is hurting, I can just open my Twitter account and see 'Oh, I love you! I love the show!' and it's great. I'm trying to find the balance between trying to be funny, being honest and just being a promoter as the guy on 'Royal Pains.'''' ,'''If you're on a network show, it's either some wacky sitcom or a drama where you're servicing a procedure.''' ,'''I'm always wondering: Have all these time-saving devices actually saved us any time, or have they just created a million fetishes and obsessions that keep us from the quiet half hour we should be taking to sit and do nothing every day?''' ,]
+++