+++
author = "Peter Saul"
title = "Peter Saul Quotes"
quotes_len = "17"
description = "the best 17 Peter Saul Quotes"
keywords = "peter saul,peter saul quotes,peter saul quote,peter saul sayings,peter saul saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm into using acrylic, in a complicated kind of way: Making it just as good as oil paint - better, maybe. It's odd - when I started out, acrylic was for children, pretty much. It was a cheaper paint. It wasn't supposed to look very good or last very long.''' ,'''I know it's a bit of an awful thing to say, but I really just make things up. My main goal is to make a picture that people find interesting to look at and that has my name on it.''' ,'''You never know about the art world because it's a matter of opinion. If you look at old art like Rembrandt and Vermeer, it's not completely a matter of opinion. The pictures confront you, and you see exactly what it is. In modern art, a lot of it is suggestive, and it becomes a matter of opinion.''' ,'''The Pop art I wound up doing came to me purely from 'Mad' comics. I loved the idea of doing fun stuff. I met an art dealer who wanted to show the work - that was in January 1962 - and that was the beginning for me.''' ,'''I'm aware of other artists, but what I'm really most interested in is viewing individual pictures. I like dramatic pictures.''' ,'''A lot of the things I do are obvious things that for some reason are not done. I could never figure this out. Why don't people do the obvious?''' ,'''I like it best when two ideas collide, like when you have a crazed attitude towards women combined with a crazed attitude towards the Vietnamese. I like that. Even if it's not true, I don't care whether it's true or false. I just do it.''' ,'''A mistake I've made is I have not worried sufficiently about the art world, really. I have not concerned myself with the other people in the art world. I've been a little too singular, and that's a mistake I've made. But everybody makes a mistake of some kind, and if that's my only mistake, I'm happy.''' ,'''I try to find a subject that is interesting to me and to the viewer both. If I can't, then I stop right there.''' ,'''I celebrated success in the art world, which was quite sudden, and I suddenly had $1,000 a month, when formerly I had nothing, basically. So what we did with this money: we had a baby, we bought a car, and we celebrated by going to Rome, because it would be warmer and better looking.''' ,'''When I was growing up, nothing unpleasant was shown in the home. And when I was in art school, the only art that was presented to me was Abstract Expressionism. But I was interested in the grim stuff. It seemed more exciting.''' ,'''Unfortunately, I haven't thought sufficiently about art. What I never realized - and it's really stupid - is the art world is the art world because all these thousands of famous and not-famous artists do things, over centuries. This hadn't occurred to me.''' ,'''While in college, I used to get my ideas from photographs in 'National Geographic.' I started painting palm trees and motorboats.''' ,'''There's a small group of people always watching me to make sure I'm still offending.''' ,'''I like to see things. I see a lot more art than I'd like to see. We have to be polite and see the art shows of people we know. We see a lot of art.''' ,'''I try to vote as left as I can. I hope that my paintings will coincide and be far left, but frequently... the painting rebels and goes fascist on me.''' ,'''I enjoy finding a low subject and bringing it up high. I think with strong technique, you can glamorize certain things. You can make the imagery sharper, rounder, and basically better looking.''' ,]
+++