+++
author = "Sayani Gupta"
title = "Sayani Gupta Quotes"
quotes_len = "61"
description = "the best 61 Sayani Gupta Quotes"
keywords = "sayani gupta,sayani gupta quotes,sayani gupta quote,sayani gupta sayings,sayani gupta saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I do many commercials. All of them are interesting in their own ways.''' ,'''Probably I look different in different get-ups, so I can pass off as an urban and rural character, hopefully with the same kind of conviction.''' ,'''We are all driven by our personal realities. Otherwise you are a saint or someone who has dedicated their lives to activism.''' ,'''My uncle has a VHS collection of over 20,000 films.''' ,'''My priority as an actor is just to be doing different kinds of roles. I say no to anything I have done before.''' ,'''We take so much for granted; we can't imagine life without our five senses. I sometimes would wonder what it would be like if I suddenly couldn't see one day.''' ,'''Axone', of course, was on racism, but it was also a kind of representation that hadn't happened ever before of the Northeast and the people from there. It was a nicely-written script; it was funny.''' ,'''I'm neither excited nor worried when my film releases. As an artiste, I would definitely want people to like my work... that's why we are here. But I don't really sit up and look at reviews. I have never sat down to ponder over what others have to say.''' ,'''I am no star. Nobody recognises me on the street.''' ,'''There are very very few narratives in mainstream that are actually about the woman.''' ,'''I started my own chat show on Instagram, that also takes time. Then, I have also been singing and painting. I actually enjoy the down time that I get.''' ,'''I only would say yes to a film, do a film or any project, if I think I would watch it. Whether the audience will like it, not like it, how will they take to the film, these are not things in your control and you shouldn't bother about them.''' ,'''Four More Shots' Please wanted to show a bunch of women who have agency, are fierce but not apologetic about their life.''' ,'''I skip breakfast. I haven't yet figured out what's the best breakfast that doesn't give me acidity. I drink warm water in the mornings with amla juice and triphala juice.''' ,'''I've always been interested in why do people behave in certain ways which are crazy from a normal point of view.''' ,'''I think I'm a humanist. I believe all humans should have equal rights to live, express, flourish, love and dissent, irrespective of their gender, caste, class, socio-economic strata, disabilities, political stance, religion or faith.''' ,'''I have a personal trainer who comes home. I work out three times a week for an hour each and focus on concentrated body weight training and cardio. Honestly, I don't always work out if I am too busy with shoots.''' ,'''I can never do something that I am not 100 per cent convinced about.''' ,'''I believe in eating everything and love my rice and sweets. And eating it without guilt and worry... I feel that's the best way to digest food. I don't ever do a rigorous dieting normally.''' ,'''I never had any apprehensions while shooting for intimate scenes, we are all actors. The only apprehension would be about who are the people who are working on that particular project.''' ,'''One of the most difficult things I find as an actor is to laugh on cue. It is way harder than crying or other emotions. It's sometimes harder than yawning on cue.''' ,'''As an artist, there are times when you need to take a leap of faith... For me, it's important that the gaze is correct.''' ,'''I'm dying to do a masala Bollywood film with typical song and dance. But having said that, my character in the film should have her own point of view. I won't play a role who has no brains.''' ,'''I'm not one of those who gets star struck at all, I don't feel I should give someone so much importance just because they are famous.''' ,'''I think what 'Four More Shots' wanted to do from the word go is to create a narrative where women have the agency. None of the characters are perfect. They have their flaws.''' ,'''I would love to act in Bengali movies, but the work culture here is pathetic.''' ,'''I stayed back in Delhi for a year-and-a-half while I was working in the corporate sector. My office was in Qutab Institutional Area, and I used to live in CR Park at that point.''' ,'''My work or art form should represent the kind of world view I believe in.''' ,'''I'd like to see a day when we're less obsessed with stars and give due credit to everyone who is involved in the process of filmmaking and a change in the obsession with fair skin.''' ,'''Human beings needed to slow down. We had been living a life full of hustle.''' ,'''I'm very good at solving mysteries.''' ,'''Four More Shots' is high on the glamour quotient and has perfect looking women. But to constantly look perfect is quite exhausting.''' ,'''The only thing redeeming about my being born a Bengali is being brought up reading Rabindranath and Saratchandra. Other than that, the stagnancy of this city put me off all along.''' ,'''When I came to Mumbai eight years ago, I had a realistic approach. I was sure that nobody will give me work... And I was also very choosy about wheat kind of work I did.''' ,'''I started doing theatre more seriously in college.''' ,'''I heard Hindi film songs only on Chitrahaar, when my next door neighbour would increase the volume of her TV.''' ,'''Women are more meticulous and methodical. But on the other hand, I feel if you go on a male-dominated set, which is mostly any other set, you don't ask how it was to be on a male-dominated set.''' ,'''In my opinion, empowerment is when women have the chance to do what they want to do and the courage to do what they want.''' ,'''A country can develop only when you ensure these basic rights, let them voice their opinion and give them basic education, hygiene, medication, portable water and when you empower that is true development.''' ,'''I'm never happy with my work. I always go back home thinking I could have done so so much better.''' ,'''I've seen and always been extremely aware of racism... casual racism, serious racism... all of that.''' ,'''Although I don't know if I've ever felt like a 'fan' of anybody ever in my life, I've always loved Shah Rukh Khan. He was the one I loved most, you can say.''' ,'''If it is a good film, the audience will like it. They will take to it if it is made with a certain amount of integrity.''' ,'''I'm a greedy actor, craving for exciting parts to play.''' ,'''My eating mantra is, you should eat what your ancestors ate. It's true that the quality of vegetables, fruits and meat is of no comparison from then to now, but in principle the staple is easily digestible if it was part of your evolution lineage.''' ,'''My father, a musician who worked with All India Radio, is no more. My mother had a government job at BSNL and was always opposed to my career in acting. She had seen the life my father had lived and did not like it.''' ,'''I am terribly lazy . So, if I don't have to get out of the house, I will sleep away the entire day.''' ,'''Growing up, I would go to Darjeeling and Kurseong a lot and most of the locals would only talk to me in Nepali!''' ,'''I know how a Manipuri is different from a Mizo or someone from Shillong. It's culturally very different... the food is also very different, and so is the language and dialect.''' ,'''Even 'Posham Pa' is written by a woman so it's a perspective which I empathise with more.''' ,'''While in college, we used to go for art exhibitions, theatre shows and music concerts. I have spent a lot of time around Mandi House. At that time, Bharangam Theatre Fest used to be a big thing, and it was a total delight watching plays and performing at the fest.''' ,'''Thanks to my Bengali genes I look very young.''' ,'''I did not work for a year after 'Margarita With a Straw'.''' ,'''North-east films are still not on a national level. But 'Axone' is a mainstream film. I found the script very authentic and also very funny.''' ,'''Women should be portrayed as they are, authentically and truthfully.''' ,'''I have always stayed away from works that objectify women or is misogynistic or politically incorrect.''' ,'''I abhor badly-written characters and any character, be it man, woman, any character in the film. If it is a well-written character, it will come across as strong.''' ,'''But I don't want to be stamped a serious actress. I am a very goofy person, too. I want to do mainstream films.''' ,'''My mum knew if I got out of Kolkata, I wouldn't return. So she made me sit for the entrance of St Xavier's. But once I set foot in Delhi, there was no returning.''' ,'''I, for one, believe TV is something you can do without - it colours the way you look at things and people. It's not the best exposure for children, growing up.''' ,'''I have been brought up around art. Even now, when I travel, I love going to museums and spend hours in front of paintings. Art is like oxygen for me. That's what I miss in Bombay.''' ,]
+++