+++
author = "Freddie Stroma"
title = "Freddie Stroma Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Freddie Stroma Quotes"
keywords = "freddie stroma,freddie stroma quotes,freddie stroma quote,freddie stroma sayings,freddie stroma saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It was fun playing a horrible, snotty kid in 'Harry Potter', and then playing Prince Charming where I was also singing and playing guitar, and then playing a completely different character.''' ,'''What attracted me to acting, from the start, was playing different characters. I'm not a massive fan of just playing myself on screen.''' ,'''If you can play lots of different characters, that's fun. As long as the material is good, that's what the attraction is for me.''' ,'''Acting. It's the number one thing I love to do. That's why when people ask me what else I'd love to do, I have no answer - this is all I ever wanted to do.''' ,'''Education has always been very important to me.''' ,'''In England, I suppose I have been known to once or twice tune into 'Big Brother', which is a pretty terrible guilty pleasure.''' ,'''I've got a pretty close bond with everyone in my family. I've got a brother and a sister whom I'm very close to, and my parents have always been the world's best parents.''' ,'''I would most like to do film or TV. Possibly theatre in the future, but I'm in L.A. a lot of the time at the moment and if I was going to do theatre it would be in London.''' ,'''There are plenty of actors who've caught the singing bug and vice versa, but with musical performers, you're constantly a persona - which is something I love about acting: you play a character, you leave and you get to be yourself again.''' ,'''I never remember my dreams.''' ,'''Americans always ask how much I love my accent, and I don't get that - I think I sound like a school teacher.''' ,'''I think it's really important for your mental health to think about the big questions, to discuss them and open your mind, in order to prepare you for both life and death.''' ,'''If my dramatic career doesn't work out, I will go on to research and find cures for Alzheimer's or Parkinson's and other motor neuron diseases. It's a very exciting field of research. But I'd like to continue in drama, so it wouldn't be very smart of me if I blew this amazing opportunity with an inappropriate lifestyle.''' ,'''I really enjoyed my degree, for me it was the best course you can do. To be able to study the brain and nervous system and the mind with a scientific approach is just incredible! Its philosophical, psychological and biological, three very interesting areas to me.''' ,'''I left Facebook after Facebook groups began appearing about me and suddenly your personal photographs start becoming public property.''' ,]
+++