+++
author = "Maria Brink"
title = "Maria Brink Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Maria Brink Quotes"
keywords = "maria brink,maria brink quotes,maria brink quote,maria brink sayings,maria brink saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think it's always beautiful to take hate in some form and turn it into something beautiful.''' ,'''I knew I wanted to be a singer at 5 years old! It just took me a few more years to truly manifest my dream into reality.''' ,'''Some people go to the gym and some people have different ways that they express themselves, and I do all mine through my music.''' ,'''You know, we're a hard working band but we don't ever take it for granted.''' ,'''I don't believe people who think dreams aren't reality nor will they ever be. We follow that theory of making it a reality.''' ,'''My mom was a rock 'n' roll mom.''' ,'''I love change.''' ,'''I know I am more on the sexual side in terms of my appearance, which is something that the metal world is not used to. But I am comfortable with it. It's how I express my art, and myself.''' ,'''I love everything from Deftones, to Pantera to M83.''' ,'''My favorite moment in our In This Moment set is when I go out by myself to play a song on the piano.''' ,'''In This Moment has gone through some big changes.''' ,'''I do tend to fall to the dark side of things visually sometimes.''' ,'''We always wanted to have this big show. So we just kind of started doing little things, like building our own little props, and starting to put on a show. And we just started seeing the response, and it felt amazing to us, and then I fell in love with it.''' ,'''I want us to have just one of the biggest shows in rock and roll.''' ,'''I love conceptual art and artistic expression.''' ,'''Everyone has their own right to their own point of view and everyone has their own perception of everything and everyone doesn't have to love me, obviously, but I just think that it's too much when people say that they want you to die and it can be so dark and mean.''' ,'''Embrace who you are, and if people don't understand you, that's their own problem, that's their own insecurities. They're really the one with the problem - the people who are judging you and saying negative things to you, they are really the people with the problem, not you at all.''' ,'''I struggled with kind of fighting with the inner illnesses within myself where my psychological madness and I have always kind of struggled with different disorders and mental things and so the biggest thing that I was kind of always ashamed of or being embarrassed of was kind of that.''' ,'''Well, I have definitely had a very intense life and upbringing to say the least. I did have a beautiful young mom who loved me as much as she could but I still had to deal with all forms of abuse and hardships.''' ,'''The Maria, what I look like in real life and how I am, I'm a super flower child. I wear all flower child '60s dresses.''' ,'''All of us in the band are huge Queensryche fans, and Geoff Tate is one of the best lead singers in the business.''' ,'''I guess the men who are meant to be a part of my life won't be intimidated by me and will be stronger. There's a specific breed that won't be afraid.''' ,'''My mom always supports me in whatever it is that I do, and she loves me.''' ,'''Well, I don't have a father, so there's no daddy being protective of the daughter.''' ,'''I am a lucky woman to have my loved ones and my experiences to open me up the way it has and inspire my art.''' ,'''I will buy sun dresses that I rip, burn and distress and then sew them back together.''' ,'''We had a demo recorded that we made available on our MySpace site, and that was quite successful for us too, but not on the same level as 'Beautiful Tragedy.'''' ,'''We got to play Madison Square Garden before. I mean, that was like a dream. There is something about the lights and the huge arenas that is really special, but nothing can quite compare to those intimate shows where it's sold out, and it's a thousand people.''' ,'''It can't just be about being sexy. It has to have all the emotions involved, I think, on the album and in the live show. Because if you do all sex, you lose all of the other beautiful things that should be a part of it... And just being sexy will get you nowhere.''' ,'''People think they know who I am, but they don't.''' ,'''I love all the pain I have endured because it has also taught me about love.''' ,'''My Maria on stage definitely is a real natural part of who I am, but obviously I can't walk around as that girl. You know what I mean? It's definitely an alter ego, but it is part of who I am, it is who I am, it is my life.''' ,'''I love all horror movies.''' ,'''Who cares about how many albums you've sold when you have sold out arenas and you're making money?''' ,'''World In Flames' is pretty powerful to me, it's about waking up in the middle of the night, the whole world has ignited into flames, and I'm there alone. And it's kind of like a fear of dying alone and the whole world is burning.''' ,'''I've got a lot of darkness in me.''' ,'''I express myself as an artist in different ways.''' ,'''You could be the sexiest woman in the world, and if you can't sing, if you're not an artist and you can't create a show, you can't have power in front of a crowd, you're gonna crash and burn.''' ,'''Lisa Gerrard from Dead Can Dance is my favorite singer as a singer - so I'm really widely spread open with music choices.''' ,'''What kids out there who are getting bullied need to know is that it's not OK. There's a lot of reach-out programs, people that you can talk to, people that can help you figure out how to get an answer to the problem.''' ,'''I think it really comes down to, it doesn't matter if it's a girl or man, it's about if you have something to say, it's about the music, you know?''' ,'''I will not bow down to others' perceptions of me; I will only rise in the name of art, love and music.''' ,'''I felt like we used to hold ourselves in a box based on fear. Will the metal community accept us. Is this heavy enough? Is this not heavy enough?''' ,'''I don't know what genre you would put us into, and I'm always telling people that. When I'm trying to explain In This Moment's sound to them, all I can say is that its diverse-sounding, with influences such as metalcore's breakdowns, metal in general and some melodic rock.''' ,'''The band likes to be different which each album, so that the listener is taken on a fascinating, but different journey each time.''' ,'''I think we push theatrical boundaries.''' ,'''We are resilient beings and need to realize our incredible strengths.''' ,'''I love doing covers.''' ,'''I think I'd have to say that 'The Shining' is my scariest movie ever.''' ,'''People think that once a band is 'big' that they make a ton of money, but that's not true. It's hard to make money. It's financially a hard business until you hit gold. However, that only makes you strive toward your goal more and work harder because of it.''' ,'''I've said it before: just being a pretty face ain't going to get you that far. It has to be about whatever the art behind it is and what the message is and what the music is, the purpose.''' ,'''The core of everything always has to be the music. If someone's in the dark and can't see what we look like, you still want that music to make them feel like something and make them have that connection.''' ,'''I'm such a hippie.''' ,'''I had a really young mom. We lived in, basically... the projects.''' ,'''I wear like lip gloss and my hair is always really natural, and I'm a really kind of natural free spirit in my everyday life who has crystals and I burn sage, and I think I find a lot of calming beauty in that stuff.''' ,'''Seriously, my grandma's like the oldest lady on ShipRocked every year. My grandma's crazy.''' ,'''Black Widow' is a metaphor for this innocent young girl who gets infected with life, traumas, experiences, and the balance of light and darkness. She becomes this poised and powerful creature. That's the album.''' ,'''I don't embrace the yucky stuff.''' ,'''If people buy into the band, you'll always have tour that sells and you'll always have that diehard base.''' ,'''I don't think we're metalcore. To me, metalcore is more like hardcore-influenced metal, with lots of breakdowns. I think we're a lot more diverse sounding than that.''' ,'''Instead of yelling and screaming or losing myself all the time, I release everything in my music, and that's kind of how I expel my demons, as you would say.''' ,'''I love being theatrical, we love electronics in our music, and we're not afraid to put electronics on my voice and do all these fun things.''' ,'''I get it from everything - anything that's theatrical, watching the other bands, looking up Vegas shows online... anything that can just inspire me. I'm always searching for inspiration.''' ,'''We are normally involved in Ozzfest and heavier tours. We love all the tours we've done, but I always thought it'd be cool to do Warped, since a lot of these kids are young girls.''' ,'''We have done so many tours and played for so many crowds. We know who we are.''' ,'''It is so scary to break in new shoes on stage. It makes me wonder, how does Beyonce do it, dance in high heels on stage? I am like 'Whoa!'''' ,'''I'm actually a really private person, really withdrawn.''' ,'''You know, there's so many great bands out there, visual bands, that we have to do something that makes us individual, and makes us stick out from everybody else, and something that is even bigger than just the music.''' ,'''I love my mom. I think my mom is responsible for me loving music and being in music because she subjected it to me at such a young age.''' ,'''I completely, 100 percent got bullied, and I'd still stick up for myself and try to be strong, but it was always so deeply painful.''' ,'''We all have these dreams of everything we want to do and accomplish. It's happening for us. We're living it - doing these concerts, magazines, traveling the world.''' ,'''I like that weathered, torn look.''' ,'''In the metal world, if you're using a wireless mic... I was so scared to do that. I'm, like, 'They're gonna boo me in the beginning.'''' ,'''We're professionals, and we know we want to write.''' ,'''With rock 'n' roll, Janis Joplin, Tina Turner, the Runaways, there was always that feminine spirit.''' ,'''Some people, they do just go out there and rock, and it's perfect in that way, 'cause that's what's, I guess, natural to them.''' ,'''When I play piano by myself and sing, something really special happens. I connect to something that I love.''' ,'''Like, even in our stage performance, it's vulnerable at certain times, it's sad, it's raging... It's not just about being a sex symbol, or being sexy to appease everyone. I'm not about that.''' ,'''I actually rarely ever get hit on. Isn't that funny? People think I do, but I actually don't.''' ,'''There is something magical about being able to feel somebody. And that is something that has always moved me with music.''' ,'''There's only rules if you place rules on yourself.''' ,'''I got to see Black Sabbath, Pantera and Deftones together, I remember that blew my mind completely.''' ,'''I think that all of the deep, intense things, a lot of different abuse, and all kinds of crazy stuff - I think it made me really strong and it made me learn how to appreciate every day, appreciate people in my life, so it's just another good example of sometimes bad things make us appreciate the beautiful every day.''' ,'''My mom is a total free-spirited hippie flower child. Always has been.''' ,'''We have integrity.''' ,'''My first tattoo was for my son, just a little infinity symbol. Because every time we go apart, we stay together in infinity, so it's a tiny infinity symbol.''' ,'''The numbers in women in rock 'n' roll and metal are pretty much growing a lot, which is a great thing.''' ,'''Mystery is great, that's what art is and I think when you can leave your imagination to grow, it's good. I just don't like it if it's super bad because I'm a loving person, I love everybody and human beings. I do have a darkness to me, but I would never do bad things or wish bad things on people, or hurt anything or anyone.''' ,'''I did the underground scene growing up. I lived in Albany, New York so I'd go see Stigmata, Hatebreed, Murphy's Law so I was in that whole scene.''' ,'''We're not partying out on the road, but we still have fun.''' ,'''If you see somebody getting bullied, step in, be the difference. Make the difference.''' ,'''You have to hustle and work hard, but we have been fortunate with big crowds and having a good time.''' ,'''Black Widow' is definitely the darker part of me. This album is about finding the weakness inside and turning it into strength. It's about being reborn, setting yourself free and realizing the balance in everything - the dark and the light.''' ,'''I am such a fiery woman and I am a real passionate woman and I get so much stuff built up inside of me that I can release all that on stage, and I kind of counterbalance it with the normal Maria that I am because with the real calming, natural kind of earthy spirit stuff and it kind of balances me out so I don't go too crazy.''' ,'''We didn't want it to end up in discussions where we would talk about whether this song needed to be more metal, whether I needed to scream more in that song or whether I shouldn't sing quite as much in those songs because metalheads wouldn't like that.''' ,'''When I think of myself, I don't think I'm one of the 'hottest chicks in the world.' I have all kinds of insecurities.''' ,'''When you write music that you are very passionate about, being able to bring the visual aspect of it alive with the music is what ties everything together.''' ,'''I'm a Sagittarius and I love adventure and new beginnings, new experiences, because it makes me feel like I'm living.''' ,'''We really like to express ourselves artistically with all of the visuals and the theatrical side. It all plays a really important part to us.''' ,'''I really try to find inspiration in all band's I've toured with because everyone's up there doing their own thing and captivating in different forms.''' ,]
+++