+++
author = "Billy Wilder"
title = "Billy Wilder Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Billy Wilder Quotes"
keywords = "billy wilder,billy wilder quotes,billy wilder quote,billy wilder sayings,billy wilder saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''An audience is never wrong. An individual member of it may be an imbecile, but a thousand imbeciles together in the dark - that is critical genius.''' ,'''Now, what is it which makes a scene interesting? If you see a man coming through a doorway, it means nothing. If you see him coming through a window - that is at once interesting.''' ,'''He has Van Gogh's ear for music.''' ,'''The Austrians are brilliant people. They made the world believe that Hitler was a German and Beethoven an Austrian.''' ,'''If you're going to tell people the truth, be funny or they'll kill you.''' ,'''Hollywood didn't kill Marilyn Monroe, it's the Marilyn Monroes who are killing Hollywood.''' ,'''I would rather sleep in a bathroom than in another hotel.''' ,'''They've tried to manufacture other Marilyn Monroes and they will undoubtedly keep trying. But it won't work. She was an original.''' ,'''One's too many, and a hundred's not enough.''' ,'''We are on the track of something absolutely mediocre.''' ,'''What critics call dirty in our pictures, they call lusty in foreign films.''' ,'''Hindsight is always twenty-twenty.''' ,'''You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning.''' ,'''The best director is the one you don't see.''' ,'''Happiness is working with Jack Lemmon.''' ,'''I've met a lot of hardboiled eggs in my time, but you're twenty minutes.''' ,'''I have ten commandments. The first nine are, thou shalt not bore. The tenth is, thou shalt have right of final cut.''' ,'''It was hell at the time, but after it was over, it was wonderful.''' ,'''If there's anything I hate more than not being taken seriously, it's being taken too seriously.''' ,'''A director must be a policeman, a midwife, a psychoanalyst, a sycophant and a bastard.''' ,'''Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.''' ,'''I'd worship the ground you walked on if only you walked in a better neighborhood.''' ,'''Don't be too clever for an audience. Make it obvious. Make the subtleties obvious also.''' ,'''My Aunt Minnie would always be punctual and never hold up production, but who would pay to see my Aunt Minnie?''' ,'''France is a place where the money falls apart in your hands but you can't tear the toilet paper.''' ,'''Shoot a few scenes out of focus. I want to win the foreign film award.''' ,'''France is the country where the money falls apart and you can't tear the toilet paper.''' ,'''An actor entering through the door, you've got nothing. But if he enters through the window, you've got a situation.''' ,]
+++