+++
author = "Barun Sobti"
title = "Barun Sobti Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Barun Sobti Quotes"
keywords = "barun sobti,barun sobti quotes,barun sobti quote,barun sobti sayings,barun sobti saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You can't change what time has in store for you, as the only constant that I've known is change.''' ,'''I was very, very naughty in school.''' ,'''The working hours are easy in films, while there is always an anxiety on television. So the energies are very different.''' ,'''If a writer is good at what he does, it's not easy to do a good job every day... To invent something new is almost an impossible task.''' ,'''If everybody had 100% record of hits and flops, there would have been no surprises. There's not one director with 100% success rate.''' ,'''I personally think that people should spend more time and money on their marriages instead of weddings.''' ,'''I don't read online... I need a physical book in my hand.''' ,'''The cute thing about being in a relationship is that you always miss being around your partner. After marriage, the good part is that you've got them forever. You have everything you wanted, and there's nothing more to achieve.''' ,'''If I am offered a biopic on a person people know almost everything about, what is the point doing it? A film on someone about whom very less is known is something that would interest me.''' ,'''I always feel to do mythological and horror shows you need to be terrific actors. I am not that good.''' ,'''I am not on social media, as I don't feel the need to communicate with the outside world. People who matter to me are just a call away.''' ,'''The working standards on television in our country are really bad. The sad part is that many actors take this deal because it gets them money and recognition.''' ,'''I am a freelance artiste.''' ,'''One cannot forget that show business also deals with humans. Everything is not so superficial that this is rigged or planned. Sometimes people do fall in love with each other because they spend a lot of time on the sets so much so the set becomes your first home, and your actual home becomes your second home.''' ,'''I think there is a larger responsibility towards actors to make television what it should be in India. I would love to take on the challenge. Had it been for me, I would focus on good content.''' ,'''Everyone wants to relive their life once again, but if I had the chance, I would do it in the exact same fashion.''' ,'''As I had always said, it takes two people to work hard to create the chemistry.''' ,'''People make a star out of actors after one or two films and keep capitalising on the same thing without having the courage of exploring the world of cinema, which has so much to offer.''' ,'''I never went to college. I started working when I was 17.''' ,'''What I have noticed is that no two places in Calcutta are alike. I like the bylanes and the old places. This city has a lot of character.''' ,'''Directing is a very, very difficult job.''' ,'''I am very far away from being angry. I really don't get angry most of the time. I am a patient person.''' ,'''I believe that being honest to oneself and one's work is all that matters.''' ,'''I love playing intense characters.''' ,'''I am not easy to break through to. There is a protective shield that I have built psychologically. I am not open to everyone as I have been to ones those who have broken through me. But once you break through, I will love anything that you do.''' ,'''My conscience won't allow me to do films I thought were bad but were going to make money.''' ,'''I have been blessed with good genes, and that's why, irrespective of how much I eat, I still retain my lean look.''' ,'''No one actually knows how popular you are or how people think of you until and unless a few of the people who like your work walk up to you and let you know that you are really good. You can see the honesty in their eyes.''' ,'''When you have rubbish stuff coming your way, you have to let go.''' ,'''I am pretty happy with myself. I am not saying I am flawless, but I am content with the way I am.''' ,'''I believe that everyone has a right to have an opinion about things or people, and fortunately, I have been lucky to have heard usually good things about myself. However, I must admit that people can be quite critical about your role also.''' ,'''I have never hidden my marital status.''' ,'''I think it is important not to scream from the rooftops to make yourself heard, I want my work to do the talking for me.''' ,'''I am such a shy guy.''' ,'''I am a chilled-out person. But if people call me by my name, I hope they pronounce it right. I get called Baron, sometimes Varun, and my surname is often changed to Sobit.''' ,'''Everyone has a different life story. Things happen rapidly for someone, and things move slowly for others.''' ,'''I am very bad at taking compliments. Even in school, when people told me that I look good, I could just manage an awkward thank you and a smile.''' ,'''What I like about Calcutta is the food. I like simple Bengali food like dal, shukto, fish, and mutton.''' ,'''Limited series ensure that we maintain the quality of the writing on the sets.''' ,'''I believe social media gives away a lot to people. I got this impression long time back when my friend was on Twitter, and he got trolled because he posted his opinion about something. He was very upset about it, as he didn't expect that people will reply in such a nasty way.''' ,'''I have always believed in the fact that it's your work that is going to figure out things for you. As long as you are true to your work, I think you are gonna be fine.''' ,'''People are usually scared of me because of the arrogant character I play. They stare at me with fear that I might just scold them and often run away from me.''' ,'''I am definitely a beach person. In fact, I am so much a beach person that my wife is allergic to beaches now.''' ,'''I have been lucky to get so much love from everyone around me.''' ,'''I was watching 'Heroine,' and I really liked Kareena Kapoor a lot!''' ,'''Not once in my life have I done theatre. Being on stage is not my thing.''' ,'''My wife and I love to travel, so if we don't have work on either her or my birthday, we definitely travel.''' ,'''My fans love me because I'm one of them.''' ,'''I don't believe in materialistic gifts and grand gestures.''' ,'''I like to keep my birthday very relaxed.''' ,'''Since the day I got married, I never got to plan my birthday.''' ,'''For me, it is important to pick up characters which I can relate to. Or I recall an incident in my life or tap into my innermost emotions and try to bring that reality on to the screen.''' ,'''I am an emotional person.''' ,'''I am not a judgemental kind of person.''' ,'''I always wanted to learn how to play the guitar.''' ,'''I love my house and stay back home when I get time off shoots. I hardly party. I am not 19 anymore.''' ,'''I didn't leave TV for films; I left it due to health issues. I wasn't keeping well, and I was losing weight due to the long working hours.''' ,'''In life, I have been a very lucky person; I have had a good married life, good friends, though I am not as educated as I would have liked to be.''' ,'''I think everyone is making a lot of money, whether it is the actors, the producers, or the TV channels.''' ,'''I find it so weird when the media calls me 'small screen super star.' I don't think I'm one!''' ,'''I signed 'Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon' only for a year. But the producer requested me to stay on, as the show had just started to make money. I carried on, and in the process, the character became very popular. When I finally gave up, changing the actor for that character was difficult, so the show ended.''' ,'''The content has to be good; medium doesn't matter to me.''' ,'''My career choices aren't based on the popularity of my character; I have never intended to capitalise on my fan base.''' ,'''A lot of respect to people who do theatre, but I wouldn't make a good theatre actor is what I feel.''' ,'''People approach you for the work they have seen you do. I don't think people see me as a lover boy dancing around, so I haven't received a role of that kind. I'm going to do roles that appeal to me.''' ,'''My take is that every character requires a different character to be cast.''' ,'''Being an actor in TV or movies is different. A film or TV actor, if put in theatre, won't know certain dimensions, while a theatre actor won't know certain things when he comes before the camera. So I think a film actor can learn emoting from this theatre counterpart, while the theatre actor can learn about camera techniques from the film actor.''' ,'''I am not a party kind of a person. I like to sit down with friends with a drink and talk.''' ,'''As an actor, I think the experience and the portrayal of the character is exactly the same. It doesn't make any difference what camera is capturing it. You have to do it with the same passion.''' ,'''I wouldn't call myself a recluse, but I am quiet and reserved.''' ,'''My work should speak, not being spotted on Page 3.''' ,'''With respect to keeping your sanity, the more you are dedicated to your job, the more you think about it. And there is so much to think about for the director.''' ,'''I really liked Priyanka Chopra in 'Barfi!'''' ,'''Birthdays, for me, are not really important. It is just like any other day.''' ,'''As for adjustments, I think every relationship changes every day.''' ,'''I loved the Yashraj shows 'Powder' and 'Shaadi.com.'''' ,'''My mom was practically in the vice principal's office all the time! Now I really feel sorry that my mom had to go through such embarrassment, but I was never a harmful person.''' ,'''The transition from TV to films wasn't overwhelming, since an actor's ultimate job is to act.''' ,'''I am worst when it comes to social media.''' ,'''There was a time when one couldn't dream of being an actor if they weren't well-connected or they weren't a star kid.''' ,'''I'm an actor, and it is not for me but for the writer to offer the best role to me. For me, essaying that role to the best of my ability is more important.''' ,'''For me, as an actor, the challenge is mostly before the film starts when you have to get into the psychology of the character.''' ,'''I spent my childhood in Delhi. I have met my wife here. I spent my life here with my parents and sister. It's been beautiful. But I have very fond memories.''' ,'''I want to see better quality of comedy on TV.''' ,'''I have passed on on a lot of roles. I purely and simply do what I like.''' ,'''I like to have my share of parties, but I am not the late night person. Not that we don't do parties at all, but that does not happen very frequently.''' ,'''I have played both serious as well as lighter characters, also, and have been satisfied with both types.''' ,'''While you can be trained and groomed to be a better actor, seasoning happens only to TV actors. TV actors shoot every day, and that makes a difference to the project. They are hard-working, but that's not taking anything away from the film actors.''' ,'''My wife knows that I love her too much, so she is fine with the intimate scenes I do. She also knows that only if my role justifies such a scene will I do it. She understands my work as an actor.''' ,'''An actor has to act irrespective of the camera or location.''' ,'''A lot of amazing films are happening, a lot amazing TV shows are happening, and people are not afraid to pick actors instead of stars.''' ,'''Whenever I don't have anything to do, I play Candy Crush or Scrabble. We actors have time between shots, which we need to kill. And we cannot call friends or family, as you are called at a moment's notice. So you need to do something which you can dispose of immediately when called for a shot.''' ,'''I am a very simple guy. Of course, popularity matters a lot, but for me, my health and family come first.''' ,'''Fans love the image that they see on-screen. They simply admire you for whatever they see on TV shows without even knowing you as a person. That's such a pure thing. I'm thankful for the love they have showered on me.''' ,'''Hiding my age won't make me younger. It would be stupid to not accept the fact.''' ,'''Not comfortable doing song and dance stuff as no normal person does in his/her real life.''' ,'''I don't want to miss out on the good stuff. As long as the character is good and the show is good, the medium does not matter to me. There are a few makers that I have an enormous trust in and that I know will do an amazing job.''' ,'''I am not the kind of person who makes his bread and butter on how hyped I am. I am an actor, and I do my job.''' ,'''When I quit 'Iss Pyaar Ko Kyaa Naam Doon 1,' I left the show because I wanted to travel with my wife and spend time with her.''' ,'''Plays are definitely the most difficult of them all. They are entirely a different category altogether. I don't have the courage to try out plays.''' ,]
+++