+++
author = "Luol Deng"
title = "Luol Deng Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Luol Deng Quotes"
keywords = "luol deng,luol deng quotes,luol deng quote,luol deng sayings,luol deng saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''For me, I had a close family. There were others like me who were going through a lot of rough times, so we always came together. It was understood that we would overcome hate, as long as you surround yourself with love and what's real.''' ,'''There are so many kids in Africa who adore these athletes in the NBA and see themselves in them, even though we're so far removed.''' ,'''My whole life, I've been getting used to adapting. There are small differences, but culturally, the States and the U.K. are very close.''' ,'''I get up early and go to bed early.''' ,'''A lot of basketball players have tendinitis. It's known as jumper's knee, and it just comes from all the pounding our knees take.''' ,'''A lot of freshmen will come in and say they can do what Carmelo did, but not everybody is Carmelo Anthony. He was a special player. Syracuse was a great fit for him.''' ,'''When I look back at 19, coming here to Chicago, some of the things that were said, some of the stuff that you deal with - at 19 years old, it's a lot of pressure.''' ,'''Whatever the issue is, whether it's Ebola or something else, I just want to get involved. Sometimes, even if it's just my time or my words, if my involvement changes people from donating $1 to $2, then I'll do it.''' ,'''Throughout my career, I've never really been a guy who created drama or wanted to deal with drama.''' ,'''I really didn't want to play basketball for the longest time, but I just wouldn't stop growing. But I always wanted to be a professional soccer player.''' ,'''It is just a great honour to be representing Great Britain.''' ,'''I really feel great when I help somebody.''' ,'''Life is about going through things and learning along the way.''' ,'''A lot of people expect a lot of things out of me.''' ,'''I have friends growing up in Egypt. I have friends in England. And they just can't believe that what I used to say, it used to be almost like a joke. I used to say I'll be in the NBA one day.''' ,'''What I try to do is to look ahead of me and not look back. Whether that's a good thing or bad thing, I'm just focused on trying to get better.''' ,'''There are a lot of people you never hear about that helped me a lot with my career and helped me become who I am that I've known for a long time and I still stay in touch with.''' ,'''My whole life, every time I've been down, I've found a way to turn it around.''' ,'''I don't think it changes who you are inside. But when you have a lot of money, it makes a lot of things easier. That's why everyone wants to be successful.''' ,'''Playing defense hard gets me going offensively.''' ,'''I always said if I didn't focus on basketball, then it would have been football. I was pretty good and was asked to go to England trials.''' ,'''I'm not the same person on the court. I'm different when I'm off the court. Off the court, I don't need to be aggressive or anything.''' ,'''I am extremely proud to be a part of the NBA's first game in Africa. Coming from South Sudan and having participated in the Basketball without Borders Africa camps in Johannesburg previously, I am truly honored to be part of this historic event.''' ,'''I know how to put the ball in the hoop.''' ,'''I was very skilled at football at a young age in Egypt. I never played with a real ball. We used rolled-up socks or a balloon with a towel ducktaped to it, and we played on concrete in bare feet.''' ,'''London is where I grew up, and I know it better than any other place.''' ,'''The best thing I learned from Manute was to be selfless. He was always about his people. He was about helping others.''' ,'''I love a fry-up. They don't do them in the States.''' ,'''I've never been in a place where I've walked in the street and actually feel home, where I don't feel like a refugee.''' ,'''Egypt was tough without our parents. My brothers and sisters had to work day by day, and every time they collected a pay cheque, they brought it into the house and put it on the table. That's how we lived.''' ,'''I play the same, contract or no contract, because trade-talk is part of basketball.''' ,'''I believe leaving school early was the right decision to make, but at first, I wasn't sure. But my coaches told me to follow my heart and there wouldn't be any regrets, and that's exactly what I did.''' ,'''A lot of people experience racism at different times on different terms.''' ,'''I've always wanted to have some sort of academy or program that links education and basketball.''' ,'''To me, somebody can say what they want about me all day, whether it's my game or my personality or who I am as a human being.''' ,'''I try to let my highs not be too high and my lows not be too low. And I do that just because I try to control my emotions.''' ,'''When I started playing basketball, I hated it because football had always been my sport.''' ,'''In England, I'm just another tall guy!''' ,'''Being from the Sudan, there is a lot of stuff going on in Sudan, so I try to do a lot there with my foundation. That's my way of giving back.''' ,'''I think injuries happen. You can prevent a lot of them, but some of them you can't.''' ,'''If someone shows me love, I always want to double that love.''' ,'''When people ask me where I'm from, I say I'm from the Sudan. But when they ask what my hometown is, I say London. It's where I lived, and it's where my whole family lived.''' ,'''At 13, I concentrated on my school work and playing sports, which, to this day, is something I still believe is very, very important.''' ,'''You always - as a basketball player, as a competitor - that's where you speak most: on the court.''' ,'''I remember when we were in Egypt as refugees. It was tough, but there was always hope - hope that there's light at the end of the tunnel.''' ,'''Nobody ever remembers the worst film they ever saw.''' ,'''There are a lot of people in Chicago that I miss. I was there one year out of high school. So I basically grew up there.''' ,'''Earlier in my career, a lot of guys wanted individual numbers and to do well individually.''' ,'''Because I was the youngest boy, I was always my mom's favorite - and my brothers were always tough on me.''' ,'''I think it's always going to be strange for me facing the Bulls.''' ,'''I think everyone in this league should aim to become good enough to shoot for the MVP. Not everyone can do it, but you've gotta try your hardest.''' ,'''When we were in Egypt, we were refugees. My family and I were homeless. For five years, out of all of the countries in the world that my father was contacting, the only one that took us in was England.''' ,'''In the States, I get recognised all the time. I met a fan once who had a tattoo of my face on his arm. I can see how some people get carried away with it, but I don't have trouble staying grounded.''' ,'''I've been in situations in my career where I've had slumps and struggles. I always stick with it and just keep working.''' ,'''From where I came from, the way I was raised, when somebody does something for you, you always want to give something back to them.''' ,'''I've seen a lot and experienced so many different cultures, and that's helped me a lot in my career and helped me mature as a person.''' ,'''I was always tall, but I had a real growth spurt between 12 and 14.''' ,'''In Africa, kids don't look at black athletes and say, 'They're different from us.' They look at them and say, 'That can be me.'''' ,'''Chicago is where I have always wanted to be.''' ,'''The way I play, I'm always moving. I like to move the ball.''' ,'''I never knew a regular childhood, but I was always surrounded by love.''' ,'''Man, I hate vegetables.''' ,'''We talk about players going broke, but we don't talk about why that is happening.''' ,'''I always believe every team that wins has to go through some things.''' ,'''I don't mind someone saying I'm not good enough. It hurts more when someone says you're faking an injury.''' ,'''Manute Bol taught my family the game of basketball.''' ,'''I had this one teacher, and as I got older and translated things he used to say, it was racist and hatred stuff he was saying toward me and my brother.''' ,'''South Sudan is my home, and I am humbled to be in a position to help those suffering from lack of access to basic needs, especially the children facing severe acute malnutrition.''' ,'''Men from my tribe in Sudan - the Dinka tribe - are very tall, so you could say I was born to play basketball.''' ,'''I wouldn't like to be invisible for a day. But if I was... I'd probably be up to no good.''' ,'''I grew up in Brixton as a young teenager playing basketball for the Brixton Topcats, which marked the beginning of my career.''' ,'''I work hard. I never want to live with that feeling that I've disappointed somebody.''' ,'''It's not easy not to play.''' ,'''At some point, when I was in Chicago for maybe eight years, I never thought I would leave Chicago. I wish it would have happened that way, but everything happens for a reason.''' ,'''I don't play for recognition.''' ,'''I am big fan of Arsenal.''' ,'''I've played with a lot of injuries.''' ,'''I've seen players in the past who wanted to stay with their team, and it didn't work out.''' ,'''My older brother played professionally in Europe. My other older brother went to UConn on scholarship, finished his education in political science, then he went on and played in Europe for years. My other brother played in Europe.''' ,'''I'm a big believer in that I'm here for a reason, and I don't want to forget where I'm from.''' ,'''I have friends who ended up playing professionally in the Middle East and Europe.''' ,'''I remember when I was a kid, as a refugee in Egypt, every day, there was always a hope that we'd get to leave tomorrow and we'd get to go somewhere.''' ,'''Even in high school, when I had injuries, I tried to play with them. When I shouldn't have worked out, I worked out.''' ,'''Every single team that I've played for, every single person would tell you that I've given it everything every single day.''' ,'''The older you get, the more you appreciate where you are and the more confidence you have in what you can do.''' ,'''I know that, me being from Sudan and London, it's a big honour to have even made it to the NBA.''' ,'''We had a court, and my brothers would play outdoors, with rims barely hanging in there.''' ,'''When you have a new coach, a couple new guys, and a young team, the frustrating part throughout the year is the up and down.''' ,'''In basketball, the legs are the most important part of your body. A lot of people think it's the upper body because you shoot with your arms, but your legs are always carrying you, so if you don't lift leg weights, your muscles will be easily fatigued.''' ,'''No matter what I do for the rest of my career, I think I'll always be a Bulls guy.''' ,'''Here in the U.K., I want basketball to get better. I want the kids to have more playgrounds. I want the kids to have more attention. I want basketball to be on TV more often. But I really don't care if I walk down the street and somebody recognises me or not.''' ,'''When I go out there, I try to do everything I can to win. That doesn't mean I have to score more than the other team; it may mean stopping the other team.''' ,'''I don't like sneaking up on people.''' ,'''I've always been low key, do my thing, do what I got to do, and get on with it.''' ,'''I only lived in Sudan until I was four years, so I cannot really relate to that. It is just a different lifestyle.''' ,'''I know I make a lot of money, but for me - I came from nothing, so it's always been about the love of the game.''' ,'''It's no good playing through pain if you're damaging yourself.''' ,'''I was just a lanky kid, just tall.''' ,'''Sometimes people take struggling on the court to an extreme level.''' ,'''I think that my offense comes from what I do with my defense.''' ,]
+++