+++
author = "Rudy Boesch"
title = "Rudy Boesch Quotes"
quotes_len = "35"
description = "the best 35 Rudy Boesch Quotes"
keywords = "rudy boesch,rudy boesch quotes,rudy boesch quote,rudy boesch sayings,rudy boesch saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Everybody recognizes me, so I can't walk down the street without being stopped.''' ,'''I hang around military guys and like it.''' ,'''The best life in the world. 'Survivor' was nothing compared to what I did, and it's just that way.''' ,'''Joining the service is a great thing. I think everybody should join the service. It is a great life and we do exciting things.''' ,'''Keep yourself healthy. If you got your health, you can do anything. You don't need no money, you don't need nothing.''' ,'''If I start something I am going to finish it.''' ,'''One of the biggest things that hurt me during 'Survivor' was I found out girls can run faster than I can. That really burned me up.''' ,'''I'm not getting an Emmy.''' ,'''I was born military. I made up my mind right away, 'Im gong to do this for the rest of my life.'''' ,'''My word is my word, and my word is good.''' ,'''I just hate getting old - it's slowing me down.''' ,'''I got an action figure. You know, like G.I. Joe. What I seen of it, they got to put a little gray in the hair.''' ,'''I blew a chance at a million dollars.''' ,'''It is a good life. I would do it all over in a minute if I could.''' ,'''Ain't nobody more famous than me. I am my own hero and everything else. If you are a SEAL you can say that.''' ,'''I was with much nicer people in the Navy. On Tiga, you had a lesbian, a hippie, a homosexual and this neurologist who shaved his whole body every third day.''' ,'''I was at the Emmys, and someone told me that I'd gotten more applause than Brad Pitt. I said, 'Who's he?'''' ,'''Every place I go, Im recognied, and its pretty hard to just sit by yourself.''' ,'''The only reason I'd bring a Bible out here is if I needed toilet paper.''' ,'''All I do is get up in the morning and go where I'm told to go.''' ,'''Join the military, there is nothing better. You get to travel a lot.''' ,'''I took charge of the rice when I got on 'Survivor.' I said, 'I'll take charge of this and it'll last till the end.' And it did.''' ,'''I was never destined to be a movie star, and I'm happy not being one.''' ,'''Whatever my agent says to do, I usually do.''' ,'''I have done a lot greater things than 'Survivor.' Going through SEAL training was much harder than 'Survivor.'''' ,'''I'm not much at saying patriotic things.''' ,'''I got out of the Navy in 1990.''' ,'''Well, I think one of the big things wrong with kids these days, a lot of them don't have a family. A lot of them got one parent and there's quite a few that don't have any parents and that's where the whole problem is. There's no family life, no father to slap 'em around when they need it.''' ,'''Actually, I can take a roller coaster or leave it.''' ,'''I don't jog anymore 'cuz my knees hurt and stuff like that. I walk a lot and I am really slowing down walking.''' ,'''For a homosexual, he's one of the nicest guys I ever met. And he's good at what he does. You know, he's got leadership ability, and if these people here would listen to him, he would take 'em a long way. But anyway, me and Richard got to be pretty good friends - not in a homosexual way, that's for sure.''' ,''''Survivor' was not fixed. There's no way to fix 'Survivor.'''' ,'''When they picked the people for 'Survivor,' they wanted 15 fouled-up people and one normal person. I was the normal person, in my opinion. I'd have bet a million bucks I was gonna win.''' ,'''I'm glad to see a lot of patriotism in this country - I haven't seen that since World War II.''' ,'''I was hoping I could die of old age in the military, but they wouldnt let me.''' ,]
+++