+++
author = "Barry Barish"
title = "Barry Barish Quotes"
quotes_len = "36"
description = "the best 36 Barry Barish Quotes"
keywords = "barry barish,barry barish quotes,barry barish quote,barry barish sayings,barry barish saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I actually spent a lot of time reading about how professional managers work. And how people build bridges.''' ,'''I always wanted to be an experimental physicist and was attracted to the idea of using continuing advances in technology to carry out fundamental science experiments that could not be done otherwise.''' ,'''The ILC will go forward, but the U.S. will fall behind.''' ,'''The fact that people can predict gravity wave sources that are within shouting distance makes me feel incredibly confident. Compared to monopoles, these sources are not just optimistic thinking.''' ,'''The most exciting science requires the most complex instruments.''' ,'''If we are going to build an ambitious machine, then it's got to be a global machine.''' ,'''After my mother died, I learned that she'd had a scholarship to the University of Nebraska, but - in kind of a tradition that females don't do things like that - her father prevented her from going. She always said that she wasn't allowed to go to college, but until she died, I never knew that she'd had this scholarship.''' ,'''The 4th Concept is welcomed and encouraged. In the end, it's my hope and belief that the best ideas are what will be used in these detectors.''' ,'''The first instrument is not the final instrument.''' ,'''We said that with initial LIGO, detections would be possible, and with Advanced LIGO, detections would be probable.''' ,'''It isn't obvious and it took us a while to demonstrate that we could actually design a machine that bends.''' ,'''Einstein had two new predictions from general relativity. One was that light would bend. That was tested in 1919, and basically, he was proven right. The second prediction was gravitational waves, which took us 100 years to prove. The theory itself, which is thought by most to be rather obscure, you use every day, probably.''' ,'''The technical challenges were technical challenges that were not unbeatable; it was just that we had to learn how to do things and how to build a sensitive enough device. That took us 20 years after we built the first version of the LIGO detector.''' ,'''Everything we know about the universe is studied by using telescopes or other instruments that look at visible light, infrared, ultraviolet or X-ray - different wavelengths of electromagnetic interactions. Only 4 percent of what's in the universe gives off electromagnetic radiation, so we don't have any handle on the rest.''' ,'''It's hard to do large, expensive projects without some sort of hierarchical structure where somebody can tell you - maybe softly, but at least tell you - what to do, or you have some supervision over you. Physicists like to be completely independent of each other. So that's a constant struggle. And it's a place that sometimes we get in trouble.''' ,'''Anything that makes us take more seriously scientists - or economists or chemists or physicists or biologists - I think is helpful in times when things get distorted because of people not paying attention to all the facts.''' ,'''The waves are subtle, altering spacetime and the distance between objects as far apart as the Earth and the Moon by much less than the width of an atom. As such, gravitational radiation has not been directly detected yet. We hope to change that soon.''' ,'''It seems kind of nutty to send up something new when there's something already there that can do the job.''' ,'''In a small lab, if you make a mistake, you can go in the next day and fix it. But here, when you are committed to spending a hundred thousand or a million dollars, you can't fix it later. You need to have a system of checks and balances internally. In particle physics, that's just part of the structure.''' ,'''It's crazy that we happen to have a country where it depends on what political party you are in whether you believe in climate change or not.''' ,'''I think there's a bit of truth that LIGO wouldn't be here if I didn't do it, so I don't think I'm undeserving.''' ,'''The size of the effect that we measured from the first event, the merging of two black holes, the actual size of the signal was about one thousandth the size of a proton, what it did to our apparatus.''' ,'''The detection of gravitational waves is truly a triumph of modern large-scale experimental physics.''' ,'''I can't imagine that, now that we have another way to look at the universe, that there isn't going to be some enormous surprises. Things that have nothing to do with what we already know.''' ,'''It's very difficult to tell when you're successful, because it's so hard to make measurements.''' ,'''I have somewhat ambivalent feelings about the recognition of individuals when so much of this was a team effort.''' ,'''When I was really young, my ambition wasn't to do science. I didn't really know that I could. It was to write a great novel.''' ,'''A lot of missions for NASA or experiments on accelerators happen through a whole process of scientific retreats, long-range planning, forming collaborations to do studies - all this kind of stuff. It's very democratic.''' ,'''When the signal reached LIGO from a collision of two stellar black holes that occurred 1.3 billion years ago, the 1,000-scientist-strong LIGO Scientific Collaboration was able to both identify the candidate event within minutes and perform the detailed analysis that convincingly demonstrated that gravitational waves exist.''' ,'''If we get to the design sensitivity and make no detections, then there are a lot of things that will have to go back to the drawing board theoretically. If we fail, we're not expecting that the NSF will help bail it out somehow.''' ,'''There's some aura about a Nobel Prize, there's a prestige, that gives me a responsibility that I didn't have before, that goes beyond my own work, as a spokesman for science.''' ,'''I think the scientific goals and the technical challenges were the two things that equally motivated me.''' ,'''In a sense, the searches for both magnetic monopoles and gravity waves are very similar. But, theoretically, gravity waves are more solid.''' ,'''The problem for large scientific projects is to do something that is being done for the first time, balanced against cost, schedule. and promises to the government. That is a hard balancing act.''' ,'''I live on the Santa Monica Beach and bike up and down almost every day. I like exercise, and I like literature a lot and plays and things like that.''' ,'''Scientists, especially physicists, we're presumptuous and think we can do everything better than everybody else. And one thing that I realized early is, I had some talent managing and organizing things - you know, some people are better organizers than others - but why should I reinvent the wheel?''' ,]
+++