+++
author = "Allu Arjun"
title = "Allu Arjun Quotes"
quotes_len = "66"
description = "the best 66 Allu Arjun Quotes"
keywords = "allu arjun,allu arjun quotes,allu arjun quote,allu arjun sayings,allu arjun saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I feel I haven't been used to the fullest of my potential. There are so many genres to explore and diverse subjects to work on.''' ,'''I feel Bollywood is slowly recognising the South as a major market.''' ,'''I want to be remembered as a star.''' ,'''I always consult my father before I take on a project. Not just me - even my brother goes to Dad and speaks to him of his business ideas. Dad has an amazing business acumen, and it would be foolish not to take his advice. Plus, he's our dad at the end of the day, and he would want to see us succeed. He always gives us the best advice.''' ,'''If a movie crosses budget and becomes a hit, no one cares. They care only when it doesn't do well.''' ,'''Life changed a lot after marriage. I am not the same person as before.''' ,'''Actually I did not hold the baby immediately because I was not confident of myself. I was initially nervous to hold him, so I had to wait for a few days before I could a feel of him.''' ,'''I can handle rumors about me. But I don't like things being written about my wife and my family. They don't need to pay a price for me being a star.''' ,'''I want my films to offer wholesome entertainment and not be my personal showreels.''' ,'''Acting is just a part of my life, and I like to lead life on my terms.''' ,'''If the film is a hit, people talk about the hard work, but if it fails, they may not notice, but I give my best for all films.''' ,'''Everyone seems to be surprised that I've changed post-marriage. But what's so surprising about it? You must change; it's such a big turning point in your life.''' ,'''If my film doesn't make money, it means people didn't go watch it. So it doesn't matter then that the critics loved it.''' ,'''I am grateful that the people of Telangana supported me when I spoke in the Andhra accent, just as much as the people of Andhra embraced my Telangana dialect.''' ,'''I'm only competing with myself.''' ,'''I am really excited at being the face of Hotstar in AP and Telangana because it is a streaming service that I use very often, and the brand is very young and edgy.''' ,'''Chiranjeevi is a good man, and he will do only good things, and our family will support him.''' ,'''Reach for the stars not drugs.''' ,'''Much before I entered films, my dad walked into my room and saw me busy drawing something at 3 A.M. He stood there for some time and said, 'Whatever career choice you make, you are going to be successful.' I'll never forget those words. It gave me the confidence to be who I am today.''' ,'''I am a variety machine; I look for variety in my characters, and an extra edge in the characterisation helps in bringing out a better performance.''' ,'''I always say this, but I'm saying this again. Do not encourage piracy.''' ,'''My family believes in a good script and ultimately everything that is attached to it. I am more interested in a hit film than a good film.''' ,'''I am not against acting in a Hindi film, but I will take it up only if the story is right.''' ,'''With each film, I try to outdo my previous films.''' ,'''Everything changes with time. I am not so experienced enough to analyze what the people love in me.''' ,'''I no longer need a large television set in my vanity van and just go to Hotstar on my phone - it is much easier to watch everything there.''' ,'''Rao Ramesh always gives his best shot in all his movies.''' ,'''You can't expect critics to appreciate all kinds of cinema.''' ,'''The Kerala market may be small, but the reach is very wide. I am told Malayalis in Russia and Paris, too, watch my films, and that's something!''' ,'''I want to thank the audience of both the Telugu speaking states for standing by me throughout my journey.''' ,'''I would love to explore my options in Tamil as well as Malayalam.''' ,'''I like new challenges.''' ,'''DSP is not only a music director for many of my films, but he is also a very dear friend.''' ,'''I have the best-ever body in 'Badrinath.' I have a six-pack body in this movie. I spent eight hours a day working out for the movie.''' ,'''I am very diplomatic when I'm in front of the media or when I am going out for promotions and stuff. But, usually, I'm a very straight forward person.''' ,'''I want to do more films because if you do a lot of films, you become a better actor.''' ,'''It's difficult to maintain the six-pack abs. They demand a specific workout and diet plan. Even professional bodybuilders sport six-pack abs on and off.''' ,'''Away from shooting, well, I always want to spend time with my family and being at home.''' ,'''Since most of our films cater to crossover audiences, I think it's time we make films for multilingual viewers.''' ,'''If we give something positive to others, it will return to us. If we give negative, that negativity will be returned.''' ,'''I have grown up using Colgate; my long-standing association with the brand has been very warm.''' ,'''Depending on the time I get, I do my share of social networking, listen to music, or play a video game. I love watching movies in theatres.''' ,'''I don't believe in awards, and I think only film fare awards are faring.''' ,'''The character in 'Arya' was so close to my real life persona. The director saw me once and felt I was the right guy for the role because my body language was so flamboyant. In real life, too, I am very peppy and full of life.''' ,'''After the release of my first film 'Gangothri,' my father was so happy that he surprised me by buying me a swanky high-end car.''' ,'''My life is an open book.''' ,'''I don't need to be on any micro-blogging site, because people don't think about what they say there. At times, people abuse, and it is too harsh for me to handle.''' ,'''I keep myself away from people who talk badly about others.''' ,'''There are two types of directors: the directors who take and directors who give.''' ,'''I used to party a lot before marriage.''' ,'''When we do something good, people immediately follow it.''' ,'''I don't make films for critics.''' ,'''I may be a gadget freak, but let me tell you clearly, I'm not on Twitter.''' ,'''There are lots of things to do. Lots of movies to catch. Lots of places to visit... I try to bring in every real life experience into my acting.''' ,''''Rudhramadevi' is a film which falls into a very new genre. It is a historic and biographic genre movie. It should be called a bio epic. I am curious to see how the audiences accept the film.''' ,'''I am happy my films have done well in Kerala.''' ,'''I don't believe in legacy. I feel that the 'mega' tag definitely acts as a platform, but after that, it's all on the individual. Legacy does not mean a crown that is passed on; we have to create our own paths.''' ,'''People will watch your film only if it's good. Another star's flop won't make your film a hit. So my race is with myself.''' ,'''In 'Bunny,' I have got my dialogues - almost 80 per cent of my shots were okayed in a single take. I did put in effort and did a lot of homework.''' ,'''Becoming a father is the natural progression and the next stage after marriage. So the thought of becoming a father is itself an incredible feeling!''' ,'''He has given me several blockbuster albums in all these years, and DSP is the man behind many of the best songs in my career.''' ,'''Dad never interferes in our personal matters. He is a very candid person and knows where to draw the line. He is always there for all of us in the family.''' ,'''I don't like to filter myself, but I do it for PR's sake.''' ,'''I am not an actor who enjoys negative comments on other heroes.''' ,'''Malayalam industry is pretty awesome, and I will definitely do a movie in Malayalam. There are some great directors over there.''' ,'''I guess Malayali women like bubbly, happy-go-lucky guys, and I am all of that. I'm yet to discover how I'm such a hit there. The fans there are difficult to win over.''' ,]
+++