+++
author = "Paul Zane Pilzer"
title = "Paul Zane Pilzer Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Paul Zane Pilzer Quotes"
keywords = "paul zane pilzer,paul zane pilzer quotes,paul zane pilzer quote,paul zane pilzer sayings,paul zane pilzer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I realized that, when you're 18, your world is wide open. But as each year passes, one more nail goes into the coffin, killing you dreams and aspirations. And by the time you reach 25, you've been beaten down and become a realist. And my advice is you can't let these things get you down.''' ,'''God wants us to show compassion and understanding toward the unemployed or the poor not because they are poor, but because poor people, with help from those who are already successful, can become rich. And when the poor become rich, all will benefit, because in our modern economy new unemployment is the first sign of economic growth.''' ,'''I like the honesty about direct selling because it openly tells people the way to get rich is residual income: Get paid tomorrow for something you did yesterday - and let it accumulate.''' ,'''Tens of millions of Americans are modern-day slaves - unable to retire early, or working in jobs they don't really want, just for the health insurance they need to take care of themselves, a spouse, or a child with a 'preexisting condition.'''' ,'''The erroneous economic belief in scarcity leads directly to the mistaken theological belief that God does not want us to be rich. After all, in a world of scarce physical resources, a person could achieve personal wealth only by taking wealth from another - something that a truly benevolent, loving God would never allow.''' ,'''You have to be passionate about your business. If you don't love your business, you are doing a terrible disservice to your customers and clients, your team members and business partners, your family and yourself.''' ,'''Companies become rich because they find a way to serve others better. And if someone at your company is not serving your customers, it hurts more than your company; it hurts America.''' ,'''The early pioneers of both wellness and network marketing were motivated by the sense that it was possible to create a better life than the conventional routes offered - better personal health and better economic health, respectively. Now the 'alternatives' of yesterday have become the economic powerhouses of today and tomorrow.''' ,'''Since 1975, when I entered the Wharton Graduate School, I have belonged to a small group of economists who believe that the world does not contain a limited amount of physical resources. Quite the contrary, I believe that the world is a virtual cornucopia of physical resources.''' ,'''Unlike every other retirement vehicle, such as IRAs and 401(k)s, you receive a tax deduction for making contributions to your HSA but don't have to pay income taxes on withdrawals.''' ,'''Hold on to your dream. Don't let past failures or dire economic forecasts make you a pessimist. Keep your youthful dreams alive and create your own opportunities.''' ,'''I feel I'm doing God's work switching people from group plans to individual insurance.''' ,'''When most people are unhappy customers, they get mad; I try to get rich. All of my businesses started the same way: I got rich by improving the world and making a lot of people happier in the process.''' ,'''If you look back through history, you'll see that God, in any form - Jesus, Buddha, Mohammed - has always wanted prosperity for everyone. There was a recognition of the need to integrate our material and spiritual lives. But that message was distorted by various leaders with their own agendas.''' ,'''Many people are looking to Washington for answers, but I'm here to tell you, if we wait for the politicians to solve the problems of our day, we will be waiting a long time.''' ,'''Entrepreneurs, by their nature, see not only problems but solutions and opportunities.''' ,'''Your employer is the last person you should want to provide for your healthcare, from a privacy, financial, and value standpoint. Employees with families should get the family, meaning spouses and children, off the company plan. In most cases, that will save them money.''' ,'''The incorrect supposition that we live in a world of scarce resources has done more than preclude most individuals from achieving economic success. Over the centuries, this zero-sum-game view of the world has been responsible for wars, revolutions, political strategies, and human suffering of unfathomable proportions.''' ,]
+++