+++
author = "Jared Padalecki"
title = "Jared Padalecki Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Jared Padalecki Quotes"
keywords = "jared padalecki,jared padalecki quotes,jared padalecki quote,jared padalecki sayings,jared padalecki saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are no words that can describe the euphoria you feel when your baby recognizes you for the first time and smiles.''' ,'''I'd love to do a comedy. I'm terrified of comedy. I don't think I'm funny, but I guess that's why it's so thrilling.''' ,'''I'm a little self-conscious about my body. I love to wear hoodies because you can get cozy and eat some food and your belly doesn't show!''' ,'''I love cookies baking. During the winter, they have these candles that smell like cookies, and I always buy like a hundred of them.''' ,'''I'm a big 'Star Wars' fan and grew up watching the movies. I read all the books and have read 'Star Wars' fiction that went between the newest trilogy and the original trilogy and it was part of my childhood.''' ,'''We're gonna try to have the baby a little while before we name it. We don't want to put it out there, like try and turn him into something before we meet the kid. We want to get a feel for who this kid is before we name him.''' ,'''There are a lot of actors that I really love to watch, actors who I have fun watching - I think Johnny Depp is phenomenal. But I wouldn't want that career as much as I'd like a career like Tom Hanks - he kind of represents the everyman.''' ,'''When 'Supernatural' came out, there were a lot of procedurals and you were either a doctor or a cop or lawyer, otherwise the show didn't stay on TV. And then we came around, and I don't want to say we were trailblazers, but we found our niche.''' ,'''I'm a Texas guy, and the good and bad of that is that I'm always, first and foremost, loyal. If it weren't for 'Supernatural,' I wouldn't have a lot of the blessings that I have today, so I'm going to play it out. I'm going to give it my all.''' ,'''I had a nightmare about being on a cruise ship and the ship going down. It was an arduous process of the ship going down and we knew it was going down. There was everyone I know and love on the ship.''' ,'''I have a house, with two big plasma-screen TVs, two dogs, a grill, chessboard. I like to keep it low-key: invite friends over, order some Papa John's pizzas and Coors Light, play poker and ping-pong and chill. I'm pretty private.''' ,'''There's a book that I read, really a great book - it's called 'Lone Survivor' and I think they're trying to make it into a movie. I would love to play Marcus Luttrell, who was the author and the 'lone survivor.' He's a national hero; he's very courageous and heroic in insurmountable danger, so it's something I'd love to explore.''' ,'''I'm a sucker for gag reels and teaser trailers for new seasons. One of the great parts of panels, especially on a show like 'Supernatural,' which can be so dark, it's fun to get up there and laugh and remember we're only telling a story. Seeing Eric Kripke and Ben Edlund up there being so funny always makes me laugh.''' ,'''I'm so happy with my family, my career and my friends, and I'd like for them to be here forever, so I guess loss is what scares me the most.''' ,'''Whenever I drive under a yellow light, I always kiss my finger and tap it on the roof of the car.''' ,]
+++