+++
author = "Benigno Aquino Iii"
title = "Benigno Aquino Iii Quotes"
quotes_len = "64"
description = "the best 64 Benigno Aquino Iii Quotes"
keywords = "benigno aquino iii,benigno aquino iii quotes,benigno aquino iii quote,benigno aquino iii sayings,benigno aquino iii saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''If we say yes to something we believe is wrong now, what guarantee is there that the wrong will not be further exacerbated down the line?''' ,'''As you may know, the Millennium Challenge Corporation, or MCC, awards grants only to countries which rule justly, promote economic freedom, and invest in their people.''' ,'''I didn't have any ambition to be president. It was fate. The people found me.''' ,'''The most powerful person can wind up in jail.''' ,'''The Philippines is strategically located and blessed with the greatest resource: its people, who are hard-working, very loyal, and very adaptive.''' ,'''I remove a lot of the pressure from myself by saying I'm not competing with my parents. They are the persons who taught me my ideology. They actively practiced what they preached. They're the exemplars and the role models. So how does one compete with a mentor?''' ,'''Part of my mandate is to curb corruption and streamline a cumbersome, graft-ridden bureaucracy, to put resources where they will provide the clearest results, and to untangle a complicated regulatory environment.''' ,'''President Obama and I recognize the importance of strong economic engagement for the continued growth of both the Philippines and the United States.''' ,'''Strategic partnership is based on a shared set of values.''' ,'''I have never stolen. I am not a thief.''' ,'''We in the Philippines know we have to perform our own role in terms of promoting peace in the world. We are actually members of the U.N. peacekeeping forces in many areas.''' ,'''My father offered his life so our democracy could live. My mother devoted her life to nurturing that democracy. I will dedicate my life to making our democracy reach its fullest potential: that of ensuring equality for all. My family has sacrificed much, and I am willing to do this again if necessary.''' ,'''We don't get typhoons in December. They normally end by September. A typhoon happening in October is considered a late event.''' ,'''I'm not a coffee person.''' ,'''The Philippines-U.S. Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement takes our security cooperation to a higher level of engagement, reaffirms our country's commitment to mutual defense and security, and promotes regional peace and stability.''' ,'''I will not only not steal, but I will run after thieves.''' ,'''My administration's compact with the Filipino people will demand no less than the attainment of lasting peace and equitable prosperity. We will employ all the tools at our disposal to achieve this.''' ,'''I think President Obama, like myself, is a multitasker.''' ,'''You may have the might, but that does not necessarily make you right.''' ,'''There is a theory that China will tend to push, and if you bend, they will push some more.''' ,'''The Philippines is for the Philippines. We can defend ourselves.''' ,'''I can try to convince somebody else of my beliefs, but I should not be imposing.''' ,'''The United States is a key ally, a strategic partner, and a reliable friend of the Philippines.''' ,'''Typhoon Haiyan showed the entire world how vulnerable the Philippines as well as other developing countries are to natural disasters.''' ,'''While I accept that there are certain things about my private life that will always be of interest to the public, it would be better if you give the same amount of attention to issues that matter as well.''' ,'''I started out in public service in 1998 after the Asian financial crisis of '97.''' ,'''Mom's paintings are a very small part of the legacy she left behind.''' ,'''I had a simple goal in life: to be true to my parents and our country as an honorable son, a caring brother, and a good citizen.''' ,'''I was put into office by the people who believed in my idea that corruption is the root of poverty; that an end to corruption would mean an end to poverty.''' ,'''My obsession is to provide food and jobs to people in Tarlac. The province is primarily an agricultural province; food security tops the priority.''' ,'''If my father Ninoy Aquino were alive today, he would say that he is not superman or superboy. In effect, heroes are really just ordinary people caught up in extraordinary times and respond properly.''' ,'''As far as same-sex marriage, I really would want to think about that a lot more given the fact that my focus would be always on the child. The innocent should not be given more even burdens than what is absolutely necessary.''' ,'''When I was a congressman, I had occasion to talk to this group of students who were taking their seat. There were about 80 of them and I asked them, 'How many of you will be serving in the country once you graduate?' And, out of the 80, there were two that raised their hands. The rest were thinking of leaving.''' ,'''Anytime emotions are involved, you cannot come up with an impartial and objective assessment of any given problem.''' ,'''I try to put myself in others' shoes: How does any country give up any sovereignty and expect to survive as a government? I don't think that any Philippine president, or any leader for that matter, can afford to give up any portion of territorial sovereignty. That would be political suicide.''' ,'''My mother's style has always been consensus-generating.''' ,'''I've been called 'hardheaded,' 'obstinate,' 'unreasonable,' etc.''' ,'''The people want to go back to the time when democracy was in full bloom.''' ,'''China itself has said repeatedly that they will and have been conforming to international law.''' ,'''The message has to be sent that if you commit a crime there has to be punishment.''' ,'''We will revive the emergency employment program established by former President Corazon Aquino. This will provide jobs for local communities and will help in the development of their and our economy.''' ,'''The Philippines has vast minerals that are still untapped. It has one of the world's largest deposits of gold, nickel, copper and chromite. Through responsible mining, we intend to generate more revenues from the extraction of these resources.''' ,'''The mandate given to me was one of change.''' ,'''I want to make democracy work not only for the rich and the well connected but for everyone.''' ,'''When my father returned home on the twenty-first of August 1983, he had a speech prepared. Filipinos never got to hear it, because he was murdered right on the tarmac.''' ,'''I'm not concentrated or concerned with any other factors rather than just being able to do the best job that I can.''' ,'''I am from the class that has, in a sense, benefited from the status quo, but everyone still gets victimized.''' ,'''The focus of my administration is, if somebody decides to work abroad, then it has to be from choice as opposed to necessity.''' ,'''Peace in the Middle East is of prime importance to the Philippines, due to the presence of around 2 million of our countrymen working in that region.''' ,'''I believe nobody should be discriminated against.''' ,'''In politics, you must learn to say 'no' without offending people. That is an art that one must master: to satisfy a person even when you have to say 'no' to him.''' ,'''Although I was born to famous parents, I know and feel the problems of ordinary citizens.''' ,'''I am not concerned about getting reelected. I can make the unpopular but necessary decision. Your focus from day one is on your legacy rather than political considerations.''' ,'''When my father was assassinated, I decided that I would not compete with his memory, but the priority would be to achieve his dream.''' ,'''Tourism is a crucial industry that could employ millions of Filipinos, skilled and unskilled alike, cross those 7,107 islands of the Philippines. From the current projection of 3.3 million tourist arrivals in 2010, our aim is to eventually attract 6 million tourists. In the process, we expect to create 3 million jobs in the next six years.''' ,'''One of the things my father taught me was you should not exclude those who are opposed to your ideas.''' ,'''Let me make it clear: The Disbursement Allocation Program is not pork barrel. Of the DAP releases in 2011 and 2012, only nine percent was disbursed for projects suggested by legislators. The DAP is not theft. Theft is illegal.''' ,'''I have to study, study, and study because I have to learn everything. Everyone expects me to be an expert on everything.''' ,'''Perhaps the strongest signal of reengagement with Southeast Asia was the U.S.'s accession to the Southeast Asian Treaty of Amity and Cooperation.''' ,'''When the Walkman was the craze in my generation, I was one of the first to have it.''' ,'''Pictorial is something that I am not used to. You have to pose, smile, bend your arm, straighten up, look to the left.''' ,'''With proper governance, life will improve for all.''' ,'''Both President Obama and I shared the conviction that territorial and maritime disputes in the Asia Pacific region should be settled peacefully based on international law. We affirm that arbitration is an open, friendly and peaceful approach to seeking a just and durable solution.''' ,'''I've talked to so many people, so many institutions, about how China works.''' ,]
+++