+++
author = "Mikey Day"
title = "Mikey Day Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Mikey Day Quotes"
keywords = "mikey day,mikey day quotes,mikey day quote,mikey day sayings,mikey day saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''That's when I was like, 'I love my job.' I grew up watching 'Growing Pains,' and now I'm doing a skit with Alan Thicke.''' ,'''A couple times I've been out with my mom and a few people wanted pictures. My mom loves it.''' ,'''There's nothing funnier to me than reading people analyze 'David Pumpkins.'''' ,'''Usually, homecoming themes are like, 'A Night Under the Stars' or 'An Evening to Remember.' Ours was simply, 'Batman.'''' ,'''I grew up in Orange County near Disneyland.''' ,'''I remember as a sixth grader, my best friend and I had a big crush on our teacher. She was super cute. So we made little plays, and one of us would play our teacher, and one of us would play everyone else.''' ,'''David S. Pumpkins could be Halloween's Santa!''' ,'''8H has such an epic, storied history. You can feel that when you're in there.''' ,'''Every accomplishment I've had is from the Groundlings.''' ,'''And while there are exceptions, a lot of plays done at the high school level are boring. At least, that's what I remember when I was in high school.''' ,'''After 'David Pumpkins,' a lot of people were sending me pictures dressed up like David Pumpkins and the skeletons, and videos of kids reenacting the sketch, doing the skeleton choreography. It was really cool to see yourself out there in the pop culture of the world.''' ,'''A lot of it came from seeing how kids responded to the character. They would dress up and some would reenact the sketch in its entirety and it got us thinking about those Halloween specials we'd see on TV as a kid, and we just thought 'David Pumpkins' would work perfect for sort of a throwback nostalgic Halloween special.''' ,'''I'm going to be writing and directing my own videos, and performing in them too, and I'm super-excited about it.''' ,'''All of the Groundlings you meet, you're like, 'You're like me!' You were that kid in high school, too!'''' ,'''In the original version, David Pumpkins talks a lot more.''' ,'''I wrote 'Pumpkins' with Bobby Moynihan and Streeter Seidell.''' ,'''I'm used to doing stuff where we just pull it together.''' ,''''The Karate Teen' was great, where John Cena kicked me through four walls, or five walls. It was amazing how the film unit put that together. They literally strapped me to a chair and dragged me through five different set walls.''' ,'''I studied theater at UCLA and wrote plays during my time there.''' ,'''All ages can enjoy a loud crazy man and dancing skeletons.''' ,'''David Pumpkins is a lot. If he's at your party, he's a lot to take in.''' ,'''It's beneficial to have that younger sensibility available to you during the writing process.''' ,'''I think names and suits are funny. Normal names in insane situations and dumb suits are funny.''' ,'''I recommend anyone who wants to pursue comedy to go to The Groundlings.''' ,]
+++