+++
author = "Conchita Wurst"
title = "Conchita Wurst Quotes"
quotes_len = "97"
description = "the best 97 Conchita Wurst Quotes"
keywords = "conchita wurst,conchita wurst quotes,conchita wurst quote,conchita wurst sayings,conchita wurst saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not a politician, only a singer.''' ,'''I have many fans in Russia.''' ,'''I don't see myself as a political figure.''' ,'''I love huge dramatic songs with ridiculously big orchestral parts.''' ,'''I started out as being a diva in a golden dress and now to a more bearded drag artist guy in boots.''' ,'''I love myself and the bearded lady is fun and expresses everything I feel.''' ,'''If people really want to know whether I am a woman or transsexual, I take it as a compliment. It means I'm doing my job well.''' ,'''Winning the Eurovision contest is just a door opener, this is not that you're set for life. Definitely not, don't mistake that, because you really have to work your behind off to sustain in this business.''' ,'''As Conchita, I've got everything that I need to be glamourous and in the spotlight, giving interviews, doing photo shoots. And on the other side, there's Tom, this shy, boring boy. And I love to be shy and boring when I'm in private.''' ,'''I find it hard to believe when people tell me I inspired them in any kind of way because I think to myself, 'well, why?' It's just me - not Madonna.''' ,'''I prefer to do my own make-up.''' ,'''I'm a drag artist, and we put so much effort into creating characters, so the easiest way to show us respect is to call us by the name we gave ourselves and refer to the gender we have chosen to be on stage.''' ,'''I would prefer a society where we don't have to explain ourselves. But I get that many people just need those labels to understand it. And if I make my situation or beliefs more understandable by putting labels on it, I'm happy to do it.''' ,'''One year, my parents hired someone in the village to dress up as Krampus for a surprise visit to our home - and they regretted it for ever. I went to the door and this huge creature was standing there. I think I passed out.''' ,'''I have so many incredible fans in Russia, I really badly want to go there.''' ,'''We Europeans really have the picture of this very open-minded Australia.''' ,'''My goal is a Grammy so my songs will have to be good.''' ,'''It's easy to say, 'This is just a joke.' You know, the bearded lady? And I feel the need to smash it with every performance just because I want to be clear this is not a joke.''' ,'''I'm just a singer in a fabulous dress, with great hair and a beard.''' ,'''I decided to be this bearded lady in 2011.''' ,'''If you've got the chance to really speak your mind and do what you feel and express yourself how you want, then this is freedom. Drag is freedom.''' ,'''It is an honour and it's flattering that people refer to me as someone they trust or get inspired from.''' ,'''It was a huge honour to play at the Palladium with the BBC Concert Orchestra.''' ,'''I dream of a world where we don't have to talk about unnecessary things like sexuality, who you love.''' ,'''I want to show the world that if you want to be a bearded lady you are allowed to do it without being discriminated against.''' ,'''But I would not refuse a meeting with Putin. I would like to spend a week with Putin, so that I could better understand him.''' ,'''Seriously I just don't get why straight people are so afraid of the fact that gay people can get married.''' ,'''I am happy being a man in a dress. Some people get confused and think I'm a trans woman, but I'm strict about the difference. What I do is performance, it's staged, it's glamour - it's not real life. But for trans people, being born in the wrong body - there's nothing glamorous or easy about that.''' ,'''I don't focus on negativity, I focus on the good things.''' ,'''Dressing as a woman meant I began to accept my body, and I enjoyed seeing women get jealous. They ask me how I get my waist this size; how I manage to walk in heels as if I've done it all my life.''' ,'''I always say that tolerance doesn't depend on a country, because there is hate everywhere.''' ,'''It's my music. If it's not good enough, then that's how it will be.''' ,'''Kids go crazy for the Krampus tradition and dress up as little monsters - they have beautiful masks, handmade from wood. Our village in Austria puts on a special play in which the creature tells an old beggar to repent his sins; when he refuses, he's beaten up by lots of Krampuses at once.''' ,'''Be the best version of yourself rather than a bad copy of someone else!''' ,'''I don't think I have the power to change anybody.''' ,'''Maybe I'll never get the Grammy. But maybe I will get things that are worth much, much more than any Grammy which could stand on my shelf.''' ,'''There's a big difference between when I'm Tom and when I'm Conchita. Conchita uses very proper German; Tom talks in an Austrian dialect. Conchita gets mad if she is kept waiting; Tom is lazy.''' ,'''The most important thing will be when we actually stop talking about sexual orientation. The moment we reach that point when that is not important any more, we've reached a big goal which is a long way in front of us.''' ,'''It is truly unbelievable to actually really know that I have fans all around the world.''' ,'''The beard is a statement to say that you can achieve anything, no matter who you are or how you look.''' ,'''Being a teenager, a gay teenager, in such a small village is not that much fun. I am part of the gay community and most gays have a similar story to mine.''' ,'''I have a very busy life, and I love meeting people, but I also like to be alone.''' ,'''It was shortly before my 18th birthday when I came out and admitted that I was gay.''' ,'''If you want to be a bearded lady then you are allowed to do that because you're not hurting anybody.''' ,'''I've figured out over the years, you can only hurt me if I love you; if I don't know you, I really don't care.''' ,'''Eurovision is this bubble of inclusivity and respect, and it's so beautiful, if only the whole world would be in this bubble. It is a family that will never forget about you.''' ,'''I'd done drag since I was 14, for special occasions, and in 2010 a friend of mine with her own burlesque group was looking for a host. During a party I was just fooling around, taking the microphone, saying stupid, funny things, and she asked me afterward if I wanted to host her burlesque show every Saturday.''' ,'''Conchita is a symbol of the fact that you just can live a wonderful life when you do what makes you happy.''' ,'''I do love to have pictures taken and to pose and wear fabulous gowns, so red carpets are a comfort zone.''' ,'''I didn't invent the bearded lady. It's been around for ages, and there are so many bearded drag queens out there - but they're not in the mainstream as I am.''' ,'''But yes, I really feel great in Austria, I love my home and Vienna is just the best place to be.''' ,'''I think that anyone who is in any way creative or is creating something, whether an architect or fashion designer, I think if you have the opportunity to create something that is fully you, it frees your mind and your spirit and gives you the opportunity to really find yourself.''' ,'''It's just unbelievable that nearly every gay human being knows who I am now - that's overwhelming.''' ,'''I'm not that powerful to take out the masculinity of a beard.''' ,'''I love women. I grab every inspiration I can from women and for me it's a bit of fun.''' ,'''I'm not the biggest fan of my first album.''' ,'''The main topic I'm always talking about is equality, and I get that it's politics, but it shouldn't be. It should be the most normal thing ever. There's bullying and discrimination about the colour of your skin, your religion. And it must end.''' ,'''It's strange that a little facial hair causes that much excitement.''' ,'''I am sorry to disappoint you, I'll never compete ever again at the Eurovision.''' ,'''Being a teenager in a small Austrian village was not fabulous. I tried to fit in and changed myself to be part of the game. I now realise I can create the game.''' ,'''I'm aware of this bearded lady being something that is not really common.''' ,'''I am not a team player. I will not share the stage with anyone.''' ,'''It's obvious for example that when I am Conchita, I use the female toilet, and when I am Tom, the male toilet. I can assure you it's never a problem for women, they love it.''' ,'''Over the years I've realised that there's nothing wrong with me. But there was a long way for me to go to get back to this loud and outgoing kid, and to get to the point where I could say, 'Yeah, I'm gay, so what?'''' ,'''You know, I have a very thick skin.''' ,'''You have to be respectful. Don't ask for respect if you are not respectful. It's not depending on your sexuality, your gender or the colour of your skin. It should be in the focus to live a respectful life.''' ,'''I mean, I would love to see the German chancellor, Angela Merkel, dressing up in a more cosy way, if she feels like doing it.''' ,'''I grew up in a small Austrian village, a quite conservative one, and I was the weird little boy always dressing as a girl.''' ,'''From Vienna with Love' will build a bridge across the globe from Vienna to Sydney, full of music, love and fun. I am really looking forward to performing with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra and fabulous guest artists who all have ties to Vienna and telling a story with music that inspired me and songs from my debut album.''' ,'''Once I decided to be a different person on stage, I got the chance to be larger than life and over the top, which I love.''' ,'''I always say that my biggest goal is a Grammy, and on the way there I will grab everything that is given.''' ,'''The whole process of telling my story to my ghostwriter was so intense, after all, because he would ask me questions that no journalist would ask me. Things like, 'How did it smell at your grandmother's house?'''' ,'''I see myself as quite boring and simple.''' ,'''People only look at my beard for a moment. Then it melts away and it's just another part of me. It's like the most natural thing, that this is what a bearded lady looks like. It's beautiful to see.''' ,'''I don't understand why people spend so much time thinking about me if they don't like what I do. I couldn't care less about things I don't like.''' ,'''I was actually a very confident little kid. I would go to kindergarten in a skirt.''' ,'''When not dressed as Conchita I am a man, and a lazy one at that.''' ,'''I can always spot an Australian queen by her high, high end wig. Australian drag queens have the best hair in the world - the best.''' ,'''I got an invitation to speak in the European parliament and I met Ban Ki-moon, the secretary-general of the U.N. I took those opportunities to talk about what I thought was right. That those people, who are more important and powerful than I am, think I'm relevant enough to give a speech is mind-blowing.''' ,'''I took to the Eurovision stage as an opportunity to talk to Europe about tolerance and acceptance.''' ,'''Expectations are dangerous. I recommend not having any, if only to avoid disappointment.''' ,'''You can't reduce a country to its tolerance or intolerance.''' ,'''I would love to have the whole world involved and still call it Eurovision.''' ,'''My biggest inspiration in 'fashion is definitely Miss Victoria Beckham.''' ,'''I like to party at Christmas. We always have a duck, which my brother prepares.''' ,'''I don't see myself as someone you should look up to.''' ,'''As I always say, you don't have to love me, but you have to respect that I'm here.''' ,'''Being LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender) in Russia is anything but fun.''' ,'''I'm jealous, I'm moody, I'm really not good to be around as a boyfriend.''' ,'''I'm not perfect, I just do what I think is right. So if I can't fulfil people's expectations, I'm sorry, but it's not my fault.''' ,'''Because of the discrimination during my time as a teenager I decided to live my life as I want it.''' ,'''It is wonderful but kind of surreal when people turn to me and say they see some kind of an inspiration.''' ,'''If you are prepared to admit to others and to yourself who you really are, then you can have a fantastic life. Of course, you need to have a thick skin to get through it all.''' ,'''The private person Tom Neuwirth and the art figure Conchita Wurst respect each other from the bottom of their hearts. They are two individual characters with their own individual stories, but with one essential message for tolerance and against discrimination.''' ,'''I just want everybody to be respected. It shouldn't be politics because for me it's not, one of the most natural things in our society should be to be respectful.''' ,'''When I'm standing in front of all those lawmakers in the European Parliament, then I'm a speaker, when I'm singing, I'm a singer. If I'm on the catwalk, then I'm being a model. That can all happen in one week or even on the same day.''' ,'''The first song I remember listening to in a language other than German was 'Goldfinger,' by Shirley Bassey. I was seven years old at the time and I had no idea which language it was or who the lady was singing it, but it touched me and I realised that it was the sort of music I liked.''' ,]
+++