+++
author = "John Gay"
title = "John Gay Quotes"
quotes_len = "21"
description = "the best 21 John Gay Quotes"
keywords = "john gay,john gay quotes,john gay quote,john gay sayings,john gay saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There is no dependence that can be sure but a dependence upon one's self.''' ,'''A rich rogue nowadays is fit company for any gentleman; and the world, my dear, hath not such a contempt for roguery as you imagine.''' ,'''Cowards are cruel, but the brave love mercy and delight to save.''' ,'''The brave love mercy, and delight to save.''' ,'''She who has never loved has never lived.''' ,'''Fools may our scorn, not envy, raise. For envy is a kind of praise.''' ,'''Shadow owes its birth to light.''' ,'''On the choice of friends, Our good or evil name depends.''' ,'''The comfortable estate of widowhood is the only hope that keeps up a wife's spirits.''' ,'''No retreat. No retreat. They must conquer or die who've no retreat.''' ,'''What then in love can woman do? If we grow fond they shun us. And when we fly them, they pursue: But leave us when they've won us.''' ,'''But his kiss was so sweet, and so closely he pressed, that I languished and pined till I granted the rest.''' ,'''Tell me and I forget. Show me and I remember. Involve me and I understand.''' ,'''Lions, wolves, and vultures don't live together in herds, droves or flocks. Of all animals of prey, man is the only sociable one. Every one of us preys upon his neighbor, and yet we herd together.''' ,'''But money, wife, is the true Fuller's Earth for reputations, there is not a spot or a stain but what it can take out.''' ,'''I must have women - there is nothing unbends the mind like them.''' ,'''O Polly, you might have toyed and kissed, by keeping men off, you keep them on.''' ,'''An open foe may prove a curse, but a pretended friend is worse.''' ,'''Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.''' ,'''We only part to meet again.''' ,'''Follow love and it will flee, flee love and it will follow thee.''' ,]
+++