+++
author = "Ranbir Kapoor"
title = "Ranbir Kapoor Quotes"
quotes_len = "63"
description = "the best 63 Ranbir Kapoor Quotes"
keywords = "ranbir kapoor,ranbir kapoor quotes,ranbir kapoor quote,ranbir kapoor sayings,ranbir kapoor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like conflict - someone who challenges me, someone who I can look up to, someone who can keep me in check. Love has to be extraordinary; otherwise, there's no point in it. I just haven't met anyone who's made me feel that way.''' ,'''Movies are a director's medium, and they end up getting less credit than actors. They get the flak if the movie doesn't do well, and the actor walks away with most of the credit if the film does well.''' ,'''Money has never been my drive. I have never seen the shortage of money in my life, so for me, I don't want to buy a silk pillow or a private jet... My drive is to achieve more than what my grandfather achieved; my drive is to make a name for myself, get rid of this 'star son' tag that has been attached to me.''' ,'''Movies are a commercial medium. We don't make movies to impress our friends and critics. It's an expensive medium. We have to gain money from it.''' ,'''I am arrogant enough to know that I am a good actor and people will like me for my work.''' ,'''What really matters is your movies and how good a person you are. Otherwise, tabloids and news channels writing about you only builds your curiosity and stardom and propels you to reach wider places.''' ,'''Promotions are the worst part of making a movie. We are actors and not salesmen. Still, you have to go to so many places to try and sell the movie.''' ,'''I think, for a love story, the most important element is the music, since you don't have action sequences or item numbers. It really draws in the audience and adds to at least 70 percent of the opening of the movie.''' ,'''We, after a certain age, after college, are so consumed about what we want to achieve in life, and we fiercely are ambitious and we go after that, but sometimes we tend to take all our loved and dear ones for granted.''' ,'''The first time I thought I should be an actor was in school. I thought, 'At least this is something for which I won't have to study.' But I've realised that an actor needs to be constantly unsure about what he's doing and about what's going on around him. The moment you think you've nailed it, you're dead.''' ,'''There is always that one person in our lives who we deeply love, and that person can also destroy us.''' ,'''Today, the paparazzi are not just photographers: everyone has a cell phone with a camera. If they see an actor, they click pictures to show it to their friends or have it on their phones and, as an actor, I don't see anything wrong with it. Having said that, there is a limit that has been crossed, but there is nothing right or wrong.''' ,'''Relationships are hard. If as an actor you marry an engineer or a doctor, it's really hard for them because they don't understand what your life is like. We live two lives. We have a 'reel' life and a real life.''' ,'''I decide intuitively what I want to do. When directors like Imtiaz Ali, Ayan Mukerji, Anurag Basu and Anurag Kashyap, who have stories to tell, come to me, why would I not be a part of it?''' ,'''I don't think you can force a moral opinion or you can force something through a Bollywood film.''' ,'''I think I've found a purpose in acting; it's something I truly love and truly enjoy. It makes me happy. It makes me understand more about life, in front of the camera, than what I'm living beyond the camera.''' ,'''I'm quite detached from failure and success. Once a shooting is done, I kind of close that chapter in my life.''' ,'''People feel that I became an actor because I am from a film family and that my parents were actors. But actually, the only reason I wanted to become an actor was to get away from studies.''' ,'''I come from a background where money has never been an issue.''' ,'''Personally, love is very important for me. There are lots of ordinary things in life, so love should be extraordinary. I hope I achieve that.''' ,'''I'm very heterosexual, so dating women is something I'm not ashamed of. But my love life is not as exciting as it is reported to be.''' ,''''Saawariya' was my debut film. It will always be the most special film.''' ,'''It's not that I am not emotional, but I am extremely secure and curb it, as I am afraid to let go and be broken. So, I have cultivated myself to be detached in life, specially where movies are concerned.''' ,'''I am too insecure to crash early. I feel life will pass me by while I'm sleeping.''' ,'''I believe that working with good people matters because then the work environment is good. If there is a sense of respect and belief among the people you work with, that is when good work is done.''' ,'''I'm really close to my mother. She sacrificed a lot for me and my sister. She gave up her career. Whatever I am today is due to the values my mother instilled in me.''' ,'''My life has become a reality show. When I am home, people are climbing trees with cameras. I feel that my personal space is being encroached upon. I will try and protect it as much as I can.''' ,'''I do endorse brands: brands that I believe in individually, brands that I use, brands that I am proud to sell. But I wouldn't do that for my films because that's something I do separately. What I do with my films is something I am extremely passionate about.''' ,'''To be honest, I was born in luxury. I never saw the dearth of money, so money is not something which motivates me.''' ,'''I feel old films should not be remade.''' ,'''I will never have a problem working with anybody. I will even work with a man if he dresses up like a woman, because it's my job. I am here to act.''' ,'''The chemistry of a pair on screen is known only when the audience reacts to it.''' ,'''I'm not a birthday person. Maybe because I don't like to build expectations around that one day. You never know how it'll turn out to be.''' ,'''I don't think I will go for an arranged marriage, but I am not against arranged marriages.''' ,'''I'm not being really intelligent in my film choices; I'm just landing the opportunity when it comes.''' ,'''I am young enough to try my hands at all kinds of cinema.''' ,'''I want to protect my life. I don't want my life to become a reality show.''' ,'''I would like to believe every man is a one-woman man.''' ,'''I want to reach the heights of stardom beyond my imagination.''' ,'''Happiness exists only if you have a lot of people to share it with.''' ,'''I was never a bright student, potentially never good at dramatics; I was sometimes given one-line roles that I was happy to do so that I could bunk classes. My mother used to cry three times a year, and that is when my report card used to come.''' ,'''My first film 'Saawariya' was a flop; I don't regret it.''' ,'''There is too much negativity on Twitter, and I want to stay from it. I don't have anything intelligent to say. Whatever I want to say, I will say it through my movies and interviews.''' ,'''Half the time, people will be abusing me on Twitter, and half the time, somebody will be praising me. So either it will go to my head, or I will take it to my heart. So better I stay away from it.''' ,'''I'm actually pretty shy in real life. But I guess in front of the camera, I focus.''' ,'''I myself am a great James Dean fan. He had this aura and enigma about him.''' ,'''I truly believe that God has given us few brain cells, and you have to direct them to the right things that make you happy.''' ,'''I don't think I can speak of the achievements of Indian cinema because it's so large next to me. It's not stopping. It's ever-growing. We are going towards the right direction. We are evolving as a filmmaking industry as actors, directors, producers, singers, musicians. Everybody just pushing the boundaries.''' ,'''It's all because of my parents that I am gifted with such good looks and people get attracted to me. I have built an image in the industry, and because of that, I have so many female fans. I want to build my male fan following, too.''' ,'''As an actor, we always want people to write about us and talk about us. And when they are actually writing, then we say, 'Don't write about this.' I am an actor; I am a public property. I don't own myself; public owns me.''' ,''''Bombay Velvet' is my most romantic film, it's my 'Titanic' or 'Gone With The Wind.'''' ,'''I don't have any formula. I just work with my heart, putting in a lot of hard work.''' ,'''Love is such that God grants us one person who we can spend the rest of our life with. It rarely happens that we don't.''' ,'''To be honest, the core reason why I became an actor was that I didn't want to go to school. That's where it started. I hated opening my history books and my English books, but then, of course, you grow older. I went to film school in New York, and that's when you really realize that you have to grow up now. It's not child's play anymore.''' ,'''I read autobiographies because there is too much fiction in my life.''' ,'''I have never been vain. I don't take myself seriously. I don't consider myself sexy or good-looking.''' ,'''I watch 'Entourage.' I aspire the good life that they live and lead. Honestly, I am just trying to be me by trying to do good films, have fun at it and trying to work with good directors, and, of course, I am a bit of a silent party boy, also. I have my share of fun sometime, too.''' ,'''At the end, it's your movie and your performance that stands out. So if I am a good actor, and if am being part of good entertaining engaging films, audiences will like me.''' ,'''I am not trying to make an image; I am an actor trying to sell movies.''' ,'''I believe in the institution of marriage, but one can't fix a time for it. Please don't predict it for me.''' ,'''I am not here to beat anyone. I am here to make a name for myself, and I am glad to work with great directors. I don't believe in the term 'next superstar.'''' ,'''To be a great actor, you really don't need to go to acting school or learn dance classes or work on your body. You have to be intelligent. You have to draw on a lot of emotions that you go through in life that you can tap into once you work on a set.''' ,'''I hate celebrating birthdays.''' ,]
+++