+++
author = "Colin O'Donoghue"
title = "Colin O'Donoghue Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Colin O'Donoghue Quotes"
keywords = "colin o'donoghue,colin o'donoghue quotes,colin o'donoghue quote,colin o'donoghue sayings,colin o'donoghue saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't sit and listen to music all day, although music is a big influence on me.''' ,'''I would definitely say the last episode is as epic as probably any episode that 'Once Upon a Time' has ever done. I mean, it's massive; it's huge. It's like taking the best of all seasons and jamming it into one - literally.''' ,'''I was a 'Star Wars' fanatic growing up. I guess I still am. Pretty much for everybody who grew up in the 1980s as well, it's a symbol of their childhood.''' ,''''The Conversation' is one that, if you watch 'The Conversation' for the opening sequence, where you hear a conversation taking place as the master - this zoom from way up is zooming in over a park. And I was just absolutely blown away by it because you can hear exactly what's happening, but you don't see. You've got no idea who's talking.''' ,'''For me, if I'm completely honest, I've always loved playing Captain Hook, also because I've gotten a chance to play so many different variations of him, so I haven't just been playing the same guy day in, day out.''' ,'''It's always interesting to see somebody struggling with two different sides of their personality.''' ,'''Sometimes people like the bad boy.''' ,'''A lot of the times, I don't have anything interesting to say, so on Twitter, people are constantly sending me sketches they've done of Hook, so if somebody's taken the time to do that, that's what I retweet and stuff.''' ,'''I had seen 'Hook' growing up - it was one of my favorite films - and I had seen the version of 'Peter Pan' that Jason Issacs was in, and I had seen the older versions, obviously the Disney version.''' ,'''Not to belittle what we do as actors, but my wife Helen is a teacher, and she makes a real difference to kids. So it's unusual to see people thinking of us as something special.''' ,'''I grew up watching movies and being amazed at the animatronics you'd see in stuff like 'The Dark Crystal,' and all those kinds of movies. So, I'm always enthralled with how they can make it all work, behind the scenes, with the visual effects.''' ,'''I was always kind of serious. It's nice to be able to play a complete bad boy who's the polar opposite to who I am.''' ,'''How do you try to play 'Captain Hook' better than, or as well as, Dustin Hoffman? You can't. It's perfection.''' ,'''When I was younger, I was hopefully going to do animation and special effects.''' ,'''I love that sort of 1930s and 1940s; I love that period - the thought of it. And I like war movies and all that kind of stuff as well.''' ,'''Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman are just incredible.''' ,'''Part of what I like about the best villains in TV and film is when you feel sorry for them, and that makes you feel even worse for feeling guilty about wanting them to succeed, in some way.''' ,'''As an actor, it's hard to get work. Sometimes you have to make do with the jobs that you get.''' ,]
+++