+++
author = "Pratyusha Banerjee"
title = "Pratyusha Banerjee Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Pratyusha Banerjee Quotes"
keywords = "pratyusha banerjee,pratyusha banerjee quotes,pratyusha banerjee quote,pratyusha banerjee sayings,pratyusha banerjee saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There are too many shows about Rajasthani families.''' ,'''Everybody thinks you're wrong and that you're a kid, and hence, you should shut up. Such reactions hurt me. I can think for myself.''' ,'''I connect with very few close friends in real life.''' ,'''I think reality shows have changed me for the better. They bring out the best in you when you are under tremendous pressure. That apart, I have made some very good friends from these shows.''' ,'''I will get married to a guy of my parents' choice.''' ,'''People are bound to comment, and that means they are following me.''' ,'''The corruption doesn't cease, the crime rates don't come down, no matter which party comes to power.''' ,'''Just because people are older, they don't have the right to tell you what's right and wrong.''' ,'''I love TV and am happy doing TV shows.''' ,'''No man is worth sulking over.''' ,'''I'd rather not think about the unpleasant side of the experience. 'Bigg Boss' is the biggest reality-show in India and perhaps in the world. I went into it on a clean slate.''' ,'''Whatever work I have done in a very short span of time, like 'Balika Vadhu,' 'Kitchen Champion 4,' 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa,' and 'Bigg Boss 7,' has been great for me.''' ,'''I became very patient. There are a lot of times when people who do not like you are talking about you and telling bad things on your face. In our personal life, we do get affected by such things.''' ,'''I have done good roles. I feel good about myself.''' ,'''My family supports me, since they trust me not to do anything wrong.''' ,'''The TV industry is a corporate world. People come, people go. They leave for growth, money, and many other reasons.''' ,'''I quit 'Jhalak' for 'Balika Vadhu.' I suffered from dengue; I was in ICU for three days, and then I quit 'Balika Vadhu.' I needed a change and wanted to experience new things.''' ,'''I wanted to show the world the real Pratyusha.''' ,'''I ended my journey with 'Balika'... on a good note, but I've been hearing that I threw tantrums on the set and had an attitude problem.''' ,'''Getting married is a childhood dream for me.''' ,'''I like 'Pyaar Ka Dard Hai' on Star Plus. It not only has a good story but good actors as well.''' ,'''Whether I work or not depends on the family I get married to.''' ,'''I want to work in films but without compromising on my dignity.''' ,'''I liked models since I was 3 years old. As I grew older, I started developing a penchant towards makeup, pedicures, etc. I used to carry out the procedures at my home itself.''' ,]
+++