+++
author = "Irvine Welsh"
title = "Irvine Welsh Quotes"
quotes_len = "123"
description = "the best 123 Irvine Welsh Quotes"
keywords = "irvine welsh,irvine welsh quotes,irvine welsh quote,irvine welsh sayings,irvine welsh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''There's all this stuff that is happening in Edinburgh now, it's a sad attempt to create an Edinburgh society, similar to a London society, a highbrow literature celebrity society.''' ,'''I feel like I've exhausted guys and male friendships.''' ,'''People either think I'm this totally savage, idiot-savant genius guy who's lucked out or they think I'm a super-manipulative crafty businessman, this kind of MBA guy who's spotted a gap in the market and knows how to create a product for it. It's flattering, but I've not got that much of a gameplan.''' ,'''I'm a failed musician rather than a successful writer.''' ,'''Dean Owens is Scotland's most engaging and haunting singer-songwriter.''' ,'''The idea is not enough. And the most annoying thing for me as a writer is that people will come up to me and say, 'Hey, I've got a great idea for a book. I'm not a writer, but I've got a great story.'''' ,'''It's been a good thing for me to try and understand America.''' ,'''There is nothing, really, that I wouldn't write about, and I do write about a lot of grim things.''' ,'''You know what it's like: you don't want to read your old books again. All you can see are the flaws, what you would do differently.''' ,'''We've become used to processing images that are part of the non-linear narrative theory. I think there's a thinner line between fantasy and normality. People spend much more time in their own heads now. There's so much to conform to, so many influences coming at you.''' ,'''I just want to get on and tell stories.''' ,'''I spend so much time on the screen when I am writing, the last thing you want to do is spend more time on the Internet looking at a screen. That's what I hate about all this technology.''' ,'''As soon as you've written it, you're thinking about how it can move into different mediums.''' ,'''I have a lot of successful musician pals, and as I get older, I find that I'm lucky to be a writer. I have great anonymity compared to musicians who sell the same number of records as I do books.''' ,'''I left Edinburgh to follow the London punk scene in 1978, singing and playing guitar in various bands. My income was sporadic, so I did anything to eke out some kind of subsistence - laying down slabs, working as a kitchen porter.''' ,'''What happens when you get any kind of entrenched power is that it just becomes kind of corrupt and self-serving.''' ,'''I think what you call 'metropolitan America' - as in San Francisco, New York and Los Angeles - I think there's more awareness of the atypical, while in more traditional Britain, there's the kitchen-sink dramas and thrillers. It's more formulaic.''' ,''''Ulysses' is like a big box of tricks that you can dive into. Each time you read it, you find something new.''' ,'''I think that every project offers an opportunity to reinvent process as well as content.''' ,'''I used to sit on the Circle Line and go 'round and 'round and write.''' ,'''Filmmaking is a much more collaborative thing than literature, so you know you're going to be working with a group of people at the start. You know it's going to be a compromise.''' ,'''Politicians are so... detested; they don't actually walk amongst people now.''' ,'''I'm trying to make really flawed characters that have got redeeming features so people can say, 'I don't really like that character, but I can understand a bit where they've come from.'''' ,'''I've eaten ice cream from all over the world, but until you've tasted Graham's from Geneva, Illinois, you haven't had ice cream at all.''' ,'''I'm probably a natural uncle. I can take the kids out and have fun with them and look after them, and I can be Mr. Popular. But actually having to do the grind? That stuff just doesn't appeal at all.''' ,'''I come up with a blurb at the beginning, but the book will always be completely different by the time it's finished. They say, 'Where's the book you were going to write?' And I say, 'Forget about it. It doesn't exist.'''' ,'''It's very difficult to be objective about yourself and your own circumstances, but one thing I do know about is that I grew up surrounded by storytellers.''' ,'''If you're going to do something that's going to cause offence to people, you're always going to get a reaction.''' ,'''Historically, men have a hard time getting onboard with feminism, but I think that's changing.''' ,'''I didn't have any concept of Trainspotting being published. It was a selfish act. I did it for myself.''' ,'''When I left school at 16, I became an apprentice television and radio technician, and was paid £17 a week, which was decent money in 1976. But the job turned sour when I gave myself an electric shock while repairing a television set.''' ,'''We have to give feminism a shot. Out of sheer self preservation, we have to stand aside and let women run the show.''' ,'''When I first started to get into writing, it was via music. I'd generate ideas for songs that would turn into stories, then they'd turn into novels. I was biased toward music.''' ,'''I'm always watching people over a short time frame, putting them in an extreme position. Sometimes you don't see the humanity in a person because the time frame is so short and the circumstance so extreme.''' ,'''I'm the worst employer I could wish for because I push myself hard.''' ,'''The cultural war of words has actually been won by the most dispossessed people in the Western world, the urban American blacks.''' ,'''I'm the worst employee in the world. I'll cheat and steal time and resources from my employer, although I'll con everybody into believing I'm essential to the operation.''' ,'''We want to feel hyper-alive, and it's like, the more cartoonish and grotesque the level we can operate at, the better. It's like the world we live in has become quite safe in a lot of ways, and it has become harder to genuinely transgress. But the desire to transgress is a real feeling.''' ,'''A lot of people pulled me up after 'Trainspotting' for its absence of politics, but the argument I make is that the absence of politics is political as well.''' ,'''Boxing gives you such a good workout, although I've stopped sparring. When your hand speed goes, you're going to get caught, and you can't afford to take cumulative smacks on the chops when you're a writer.''' ,'''Before I started writing, I'd never read much fiction. I was more interested in non-fiction. I'm taking the same approach to theatre: I can operate from a position of ignorance and make up my own rules instead of being bound by customs and practice.''' ,'''Writers in Britain aren't really celebrities. You become kind of a darling of a small set.''' ,'''It's very hard to transgress; we have the furniture of transgression without the imagery and iconography to actually do it.''' ,'''What worries me is the professionalism of everything.''' ,'''I don't want everything to be flowery perfection. I like it there to be a charge behind it, you know?''' ,'''I tend to read more nonfiction, really, because when I'm writing I don't like to read other fiction.''' ,'''I think a lot of people want me to be like the characters in the books: they want that kind of congruence.''' ,'''I would never have written 'Trainspotting' if it hadn't been for this album, 'Raw Power,' and 'Metallic K.O.'''' ,'''In America, Miramax are using a 'New York Times' review that said 'Trainspotting' makes 'Kids' look like a 1960s episode of 'Sesame Street.'''' ,'''Rebellion is always going to fascinate, as it's always packaged in a very safe way.''' ,'''Writing is such a good thing to do because you can't really get bored with it. If you're bored with writing, you're bored with life.''' ,'''I make out a play list for every character and buy the records they would listen to; it helps me find their personas. What they play, where they stay, who they lay, is my matrix for character development.''' ,'''It's that kind of thing that readers have. I have it as a reader myself: that expectation that the writer will be that person. Then I meet other writers and realize that they're not.''' ,'''You can't satirise darts, because it's hyper-real as it is; there's already enough over-the-top madness to it.''' ,'''When I'm not writing, I read loads of fiction, but I've been writing quite constantly lately so I've been reading a lot of nonfiction - philosophy, religion, science, history, social or cultural studies.''' ,'''The first job of a writer is to be honest.''' ,'''The '90s was a decade of mundane market-consumer nothingness where there was nothing coming up from the streets; you just had someone in an office deciding what was cool.''' ,'''That's the kind of consumer society we live in. We're always looking for the next product that's going to change your life instead of just going out and changing your life.''' ,'''In my flat in Chicago, I've got this big room with an office in the corner and a balcony so I can watch people go by.''' ,'''When people start writing there is this idea that you have to get everything right first time, every sentence has to be perfect, every paragraph has to be perfect, every chapter has to be perfect, but what you're doing is not any kind of public show, until you're ready for it.''' ,'''I'm not really a mainstream novelist!''' ,'''When you grow up in a place, you always think it's mundane. Then you travel around and live in different places, and you realise that you've got it the wrong way 'round.''' ,'''Sometimes a book influences me because it winds me up. There'll be something that gets under my skin and makes me think that I can do better.''' ,'''It's really odd that I've got this kind of sullen reputation - I never saw myself that way.''' ,'''You're on your own with the book. And while you are writing fiction, you're spending all this time with people who don't actually exist, which is just madness.''' ,'''A lot of my characters are anti-heroes that became heroes.''' ,'''It's different in Scotland. People who come to readings are more interested in literature as such, but the readership in general is really quite diverse. It's a cliche, but it's said that people who read my books don't read any other books, and you do get that element.''' ,'''I wanted to capture the excitement of house music, almost like a four-four beat, and the best way to do that was to use a language that was rhythmic and performative.''' ,'''Middle-class people worry a lot about money. They worry a lot about job security, and they do a lot of nine-to-five stuff.''' ,'''People in Scotland want the parliament but don't give a toss about the elections.''' ,'''Basically, particularly in Britain, it's a hegemonic thing that people who write tend to come from the leisure classes. They can afford the time and the books.''' ,'''One of the things you want as a successful writer is the anonymity.''' ,'''The idea of just sitting at home on Facebook worries me. I think we should all get out more.''' ,'''I enjoy the freedom of the blank page.''' ,'''It was around the summer of 1982 when the drug problem really impacted. It became a lifestyle rather than a recreation. When you start lying and stealing, you cannot con yourself you're in control any more.''' ,'''I've been doing a bit of screenwriting and producing, and even a bit of directing.''' ,'''Underground people pay a desperate toll finding out things nobody else has discovered yet. We run around like headless chickens looking for the next cultural fix to spiral around in before it gets appropriated somewhere else and becomes something it never was. There's this sort of one-upmanship in the underground.''' ,'''People should be able to express their culture without getting into all that chauvinistic thing.''' ,'''I created something that became a phenomenon without becoming a prisoner to it.''' ,'''The older you get, the less physically and mentally robust you become.''' ,'''I just write the stuff I want to at the time, what feels right for me.''' ,'''There's something about the modern era where it's very hard to transgress - we're all so online, easier to track by mobile phone - so you have people who do it on your behalf.''' ,'''Every kind of book I've written has been written in a different way. There has not been any set time for writing, any set way, I haven't re-invented the process every time but I almost have.''' ,'''Sometimes there's a snobbery among literary types that these people don't really get it, but in a lot of ways they get it more than the literati. There's a culture in the background that they understand and know. They get that deeper level.''' ,'''When people write a novel, they want to have that reach and that impact. To get it with a first novel, you can either see it as an albatross or a calling card.''' ,'''Standard English is very imperialistic, controlled, and precise; it's not got a lot of funk or soul to it.''' ,'''It's where you come from that's the strange, exotic, quirky, mad place.''' ,'''Sometimes I work purely 8-12 shifts, banging stuff into the computer. Other times, my office is like a scene from a detective movie, with Post-it Notes, plans, photographs all stuck on the walls and arrows going everywhere, and it's 4 A.M.''' ,'''Writing has been handed to me on a plate.''' ,'''I go to the gym and work through a routine. But if you see someone with a personal trainer, you know they do 10 times more than you do. You give up your sense of identity. If you watch 'The Biggest Loser,' you see people give up their identity to become something else.''' ,'''From 'Trainspotting' to 'Acid House,' I moved from urban realism into fantasy.''' ,'''The establishment, the newspapers, they try to create something called Scottish literature, but when people are actually going to write, they are not going to necessarily prescribe to that, they'll write what they feel.''' ,'''When you go away, you see where you come from in a different light. I see Scotland, and the rest of Britain, as much more exotic than I used to.''' ,'''I'm working on a screenplay right now for the BBC, but I hope to have the decks cleared soon so I can get into the studio with my pals and put down some more tracks, try to get a strong dance single together.''' ,'''So many people have become divorced from the system, criminalised by their lifestyle.''' ,'''How can you be inspired by Cameron and Miliband? These guys are just drabness personified.''' ,'''I just love the weather. I live on Miami Beach, which is all boutique hotels and cocktails. I do sometimes go along to smart parties in my white suit, but I wouldn't really recognise any famous people if they were there because I'm not very good at star-spotting.''' ,'''I think the silences we have on some issues are inductive of the fact that we need to write about them more, but I think there are some issues you have to write in a sensitive way and in a way that respects the reality of the situation. If you can't do that, you should leave them alone.''' ,'''Holy Joy were a cult '80s band led by the wonderful songwriting genius that is Johny Brown.''' ,'''People think if you're working class, there has to be some fascist element underneath.''' ,'''Music helps me immeasurably in the writing process.''' ,'''Everybody in my family were great storytellers. My dad and his brothers would just go on and on; they could tell amazing stories. I think it was something to do with the Celtic, oral storytelling tradition. People very much had that propensity towards telling tales.''' ,'''Hugo Boss is my kind of label.''' ,'''I know when I go and see a writer, the first thing I think to myself is, 'Are they the character in the book?' You just can't help it; it's the way people are.''' ,'''There is a kind of mysticism to writing.''' ,'''Everyone needs some kind of compelling drama in their life, basically.''' ,''''True Detective' was the last show I got crazy about, with its 'Silence of the Lambs'-style landscape and those strip mall badlands of America.''' ,'''Writing is about culture and should be about everything. That's what makes it what it is.''' ,'''Words should have the power to inform and to move, not the power to send people scurrying away. But if you attach that much emotional energy to a word, it gives people the power to hurt each other.''' ,'''I think the novel is at one end of the art-entertainment continuum - the play in the middle - while TV and cinema veer a bit more towards entertainment.''' ,'''When I started off with Trainspotting, it was the way the characters came to me. That's how they sounded to me. It seemed pretentious to sound any other way. I wasn't making any kind of political statement.''' ,'''I don't perceive an audience at all when I write a book. It's pure self-indulgence.''' ,'''I'd always liked to read, but when I picked up books I wasn't getting the same kind of excitement from them that I was from going out clubbing. I wanted to get the same kind of feel.''' ,'''For 'Filth,' we had about 12 producers on the thing. The opening credits go on for months. Most of them are actually financers rather than producers. And the only way that we could raise the budget without interference from a studio was to have a lot of different financers on board.''' ,'''It's ironic that the growth of Scottish nationalism has precipitated in the English the sort of hand-wringing the Scots have always done over who they are.''' ,'''Television has become the government, priest, psychotherapist - the legitimiser of our egos.''' ,'''When a town doesn't have a book store, it is like something is missing, and unfortunately, fewer and fewer have them.''' ,'''I tried to write 'Trainspotting' in standard English, but people weren't talking like that.''' ,'''It's like nothing's really happening. Our culture is almost dead.''' ,'''Everybody that writes has their own area of inquiry. And mine has always been kind of, why is it that when life can be so hard and difficult, we compound it by self-sabotage, doing terrible things? That's always been my main area of inquiry, and it does lead you to dark places.''' ,'''It's part of me, Scotland. I'm still immersed in it even though I am not there.''' ,'''I think young writers should get other degrees first, social sciences, arts degrees or even business degrees. What you learn is research skills, a necessity because a lot of writing is about trying to find information.''' ,'''I grew up in a place where everybody was a storyteller, but nobody wrote. It was that kind of Celtic, storytelling tradition: everybody would have a story at the pub or at parties, even at the clubs and raves.''' ,]
+++