+++
author = "Kathy Griffin"
title = "Kathy Griffin Quotes"
quotes_len = "65"
description = "the best 65 Kathy Griffin Quotes"
keywords = "kathy griffin,kathy griffin quotes,kathy griffin quote,kathy griffin sayings,kathy griffin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I apologize in my real life all the time. I say ridiculous things, I make mistakes constantly. But when I'm on stage, I'm at a microphone... it's a joke!''' ,'''A lot of celebrities, especially when you're talking about the really big ones, live in what I call the fame bubble. Nobody ever says no to them or challenges them or even teases them.''' ,'''The thing that cracks me up is how these reality characters start out thrilled and excited just to be on television, and how they move to thinking they are as big as the Friends.''' ,'''I'm not always in that good with middle-aged heterosexual men.''' ,'''I grew up in Chicago and was a huge fan of 'The Second City', so when I moved to L.A., I was looking for anything that resembled that... then I started 'The Groundlings', so I went to a show and it was very much like 'Second City'. I was so impressed that that same night I went backstage and I went up to the funniest person there.''' ,'''I prefer being known for my stand-up because I write it. I love being an actor, and saying other people's words is great. But then, when I do stand-up, I love getting my own point of view out there.''' ,'''I also don't have a desire to be on the A-list. I feel more people can relate to the D-list than the A-list.''' ,'''If you see me on Friday, you'll see different material on Saturday night.''' ,'''Oh, I constantly say things that I regret. I mortify myself constantly. But that's just part of the deal. I'm not really sure what's going to come out of my mouth.''' ,'''I identify with the regular person, because that is who I am.''' ,'''The thing that bums me out about 'The Real World' is I don't want to believe that teenagers are that stupid.''' ,'''Pretty much everywhere I go, I'm pretty much thinking I'm going to be bounced. I am still the outsider who snuck into the party. I identify with the regular person, because that is who I am.''' ,'''I'm a female in comedy, so of course I want there to be more women on 'SNL', and women of color.''' ,'''Food is my thing, I do not smoke or drink, so food is my vice.''' ,'''I can say whatever I want. So do not bring the kids. It's definitely rated R.''' ,'''My act is based on my life.''' ,'''I have a no-apology policy. No apologies for jokes. I apologize in my real life all the time. I say ridiculous things, I make mistakes constantly. But when I'm on stage, I'm at a microphone... it's a joke!''' ,'''When I'm going to see a comedian, I don't want to see them hold back, and when I'm reading a book, I don't want to hear an abridged version.''' ,'''So I wonder if anything should ever be off limits.''' ,'''That's what I loved about Temptation Island. I don't even know why they did it.''' ,'''I have a no-apology policy.''' ,'''I feel more people can relate to the D-list than the A-list.''' ,'''I hate it, it is tedious... when I write for my act, it is very improvisational, I write bullet points, I cannot sit in front of a computer; that is not my style.''' ,'''I have what I call A-list moments, but believe me, I'm still on the D-list.''' ,'''No, I love Montreal... I think I love Montreal more than Montreal loves me... I love the food there.''' ,'''I'm not somebody who no matter where I go there are paparazzi or any of that nonsense. But I have a little window into that world and I can enter it and dance around. I want to be the audience's ticket into the party.''' ,'''I am an outsider looking in, absolutely. You're not going to see me at the Academy Awards 'Vanity Fair' party any time soon. I'm not somebody who, no matter where I go, there are paparazzi or any of that nonsense. But I have a little window into that world, and I can enter it and dance around. I want to be the audience's ticket into the party.''' ,'''I am in love with Larry David.''' ,'''I don't like doing movies, period. Movies are hard. I like TV.''' ,'''I'm basically always on tour.''' ,'''My act has always reflected what's going on in my life.''' ,'''I do road gigs occasionally but I don't want to go out on the road for months at a time.''' ,'''It was a nightmare having cameras in the house 10 hours a day for a month.''' ,'''Well, the coffeehouse audiences never know what they're going to get, and all the comics are different, as opposed to when you go to a club, and they're pretty much all telling jokes with set-ups and punchlines. Coffeehouse audiences are the most forgiving: They really listen, which is the best part.''' ,'''A lot of stars don't have a sense of humor.''' ,'''I'm not an artist. I tell inappropriate stories and jokes and I try to make people laugh.''' ,'''I have to tell you, though, the sexism in late night talk is so profound.''' ,'''I constantly say things that I regret. I mortify myself constantly.''' ,'''I'm on every worst-dressed list imaginable.''' ,'''I love to make fun of fashion because it is just so silly.''' ,'''I actually have to pick and chose stuff that I know I'm going to bomb at.''' ,'''My friend Anderson Cooper is the scion of one of America's great shipping and railroad families, the Vanderbilts.''' ,'''Well, Jon Hamm isn't a real celebrity.''' ,'''I also love Mole, the unsung hero of reality programming.''' ,'''The beauty about the D-list is that people who are on it probably don't know they are.''' ,'''It is a challenge, with the global fame, to try to act like I put my pants on one leg at a time, when in fact I have Pippa Middleton help me put my pants on every morning. She's my lady-in-waiting as well.''' ,'''To give up my job as a temp and actually make a living doing comedy, it was staggering.''' ,'''Well, my whole thing with gossip is I couldn't care less if it's true.''' ,'''I'll be honest, there's a part of me that does think I'm held to a different standard than my contemporaries and peers, and it's a little frustrating.''' ,'''The great thing about celebrity culture is that they can't seem to stop themselves from displaying their ridiculous behaviour. I feel it's my job as a serious investigative journalist to witness all kinds of behaviour and then report back to the audience through the prism of my own anger and bitterness.''' ,'''I'm always listening and watching; my ear is like a boom mike. And judging, frankly. Constantly judging.''' ,'''I love Mariah Carey. Remember the breakdown? I loved the breakdown.''' ,'''I'm also doing a special for Comedy Central called Autobiography. It's going to be a spoof of Biography.''' ,'''So yes, I say things I regret constantly, and I just can't help it.''' ,'''I have friends who are going through chemotherapy, and they make the darkest, most hideous cancer jokes you've ever heard.''' ,'''I think I love Montreal more than Montreal loves me... I love the food there.''' ,'''I love to work. I love doing standup.''' ,'''I have no limits, no filter, no class, no poise. No decorum. Just fun.''' ,'''I think a Celebrity Survivor would be great.''' ,'''Remember, folks, I am a comedian, not a journalist.''' ,'''Gwyneth Paltrow names her kid Apple. I'm not going to let that stand.''' ,'''Well, I think that when I perform on the road I always thank the audience for buying a ticket because it's a big deal to buy a ticket for a live entertainment, get a baby-sitter and pay for the meal, the parking, whatever.''' ,'''Have I gone too far?''' ,'''That's life when you're on the D-list.''' ,'''But if something funny happens, I can't resist. I have to tell the people.''' ,]
+++