+++
author = "Tom Coburn"
title = "Tom Coburn Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Tom Coburn Quotes"
keywords = "tom coburn,tom coburn quotes,tom coburn quote,tom coburn sayings,tom coburn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The problem that faces our country today, the last 30 years we have lived off the future, and the bill is coming due. So there cannot be anything that is not put on the table. There will not be one American that will not be called to sacrifice. Those that are more well-to-do will be called to sacrifice to a greater extent.''' ,'''The Pentagon can't even audit its own books. It doesn't even know where its money is going. And we refuse to have the tough forces go on the Pentagon so that at least they are efficient with the money they're spending.''' ,'''Welfare reform happened with reconciliation; half the Democrats voted for it. The Bush tax cuts happened with reconciliation; twelve Democratic Senators voted for it. You didn't have a real partisan issue on those times that it was used.''' ,'''I believe all life has value, from conception to natural death. And I believe the intentional taking of human life, except to save lives, should be a capital offense, as it is in most states in America today.''' ,'''Republicans should simply focus on first principles and give the American people what they want - an honest party dedicated to common sense, fiscal responsibility and limited government. If we govern to save the country, we'll do well as a party.''' ,'''The vast amount of waste and sheer stupidity in government - from the Pentagon to the Food and Drug Administration - could fill committee agendas for years.''' ,'''Everybody in America is going to have to sacrifice to help us rebuild the Gulf Coast. Every government program, every individual, we are all going to have to sacrifice.''' ,'''Lesbianism is so rampant in some of the schools in southeast Oklahoma that they'll only let one girl go to the bathroom. Now think about it. Think about that issue. How is it that that's happened to us?''' ,'''I used to have a great fear of constitutional conventions. I have a great fear now of not having one.''' ,'''Social Security and Medicare represent promises made and we must keep these commitments.''' ,'''I believe keeping our promises should be our highest priority and that means saving Social Security and Medicare while preserving the American dream for our children and grandchildren.''' ,'''The earmark favor factory needs to be boarded up and demolished, not turned over to new management that may or may not have a better eye for earmarks with 'merit.'''' ,'''The danger of what's happening right now in terms of using reconciliation is, the purpose of the Senate is going to be defeated. And that is to bring consensus to big issues in this country so that we have a reasoned and thoughtful approach and that the American public buys into it.''' ,'''We need real leadership, Democrat, Republican and independent to stand up and say, we have to live within our means.''' ,'''And I thought I would just share with you what science says today about silicone breast implants. If you have them, you're healthier than if you don't. In fact, there's no science that shows that silicone breast implants are detrimental and, in fact, they make you healthier.''' ,'''An easily accessible and transparent database of contract information will bring sunshine into the confusing and sometimes shadowy practice of government contracting.''' ,]
+++