+++
author = "William Perry"
title = "William Perry Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 William Perry Quotes"
keywords = "william perry,william perry quotes,william perry quote,william perry sayings,william perry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We did it with passion; we didn't do it like everyone else. Teams nowadays are still trying to duplicate that, but no one has yet. We shuffled down and we did it. We did it in an unique fashion.''' ,'''Yeah, I admit to myself, yeah, I'm an alcoholic.''' ,'''Even when I was little, I was big.''' ,'''The rivalry is huge between South Carolina and Clemson. It's major bragging rights; one of the most intense things I've been a part of.''' ,'''When we got down to the Super Bowl in '85, against the Patriots, we're down there on the field checking things out. This helicopter flies overhead, probably taking pictures, and McMahon just moons it. He mooned the helicopter from the field.''' ,'''I am just relaxing and enjoying myself, doing what I always did.''' ,'''Every Friday we'd do a final practice 'walk-through' for the game, and I just remember we were always out on the field dancing and singing together.''' ,'''The best part of my life is having my kids.''' ,'''I'm moving around; doing stuff. I can walk. I can even run.''' ,'''I got my family here and my career here and I'm sitting here in the middle, and I'm stuck. So I have to do something, you know, have to reach out and get some help.''' ,]
+++