+++
author = "Henrik Lundqvist"
title = "Henrik Lundqvist Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Henrik Lundqvist Quotes"
keywords = "henrik lundqvist,henrik lundqvist quotes,henrik lundqvist quote,henrik lundqvist sayings,henrik lundqvist saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like to play music; play guitar - I love that. Play some golf in the summer. Just relax, enjoy the summer. That's nice.''' ,'''For me, what takes up most of the space in my closet are suits. I wear a lot of suits and jackets. But I think every man needs a black suit at home. You can never go wrong in a black suit. But in terms of style, I think it's about being comfortable in what you wear.''' ,'''I always want to push myself as far as possible; I always want to be up there and recognised as a good goalie and have people appreciate what you do.''' ,'''I've always aligned myself with a more modern, European fit. I maintain that fit is the thing that makes or breaks an outfit. Good tailoring trumps designer and price any day.''' ,'''During the Olympics they're really strict about what you're allowed to wear. You get a lot of clothes, but everything is pre-ordered. We had a fitting over the summer. You're not allowed to wear your own clothes. No logos, nothing. You get fined if you wear something you're not supposed to wear.''' ,'''Last time I was starstruck was when I met Roger Federer. He is one of the few athletes that I really look up to - incredibly talented both on and off the track and a great role model for tennis.''' ,'''I love that about New York: You just dress the way you want to dress and feel really comfortable because nobody is judging. You can just be yourself, and it's perfectly normal.''' ,'''You get to the rink, stretch for 10-15 minutes, go on the ice 20 minutes before practice starts and do goalie drills, practice for an hour, then stay on the ice for about 10-15 minutes to do extra shooting.''' ,'''As a goalie, you must stay positive. And if you do make a mistake, well, those things happen when you play my position.''' ,'''The key for hipsters is that they usually try really hard, but the important thing is they want to come across like they don't try. To make it look effortless. I don't mind. It really fits New York, the hipster look.''' ,'''It really comes down to fit. When it comes to a suit, for example, it's important that the shoulders fit you well; the length of the pants are important. That kind of shows me right away if you're into it or if you don't care. If they get the shoulders right, you know that they have some sort of interest in getting a good look.''' ,'''Just because they're going to the gym, a lot of guys wear old T-shirts that look like they've been lying in the closet for 15 years. My workout clothes have to work.''' ,'''There was a time in my life when I tried a lot of different things, different looks. Between the ages of 17 and 22, there were a lot of bad looks. But I guess you learn from your mistakes. After that, I kind of found my style and what I like to wear.''' ,'''I love playing music, so I think the whole John Varvatos look is kind of cool. I think he has a great style.''' ,'''I listen to all kinds of music. The Calling, Blink 182, Bruce Springsteen, I mean, it's everything.''' ,'''When I grew up, I always ate Frosties Kelloggs.''' ,'''Sometimes it just feels like the only thing you do is play hockey and eat.''' ,'''We are all built differently. Some guys are more powerful. Some guys are very tall. I'm not very tall, so I rely on quickness.''' ,'''I think Jennifer Lawrence seems to really get it right when she's on the red carpet.''' ,'''I don't shop by brand loyalty at all. I'm just drawn to what I like when I shop. I do like this brand called Tiger of Sweden a lot, though. They make great sportswear and tailoring. And Calvin Klein; big supporter of them as well.''' ,'''I usually have a hard time with the fit of off-the-rack suits, thanks to my athletic proportions, but somehow Burberry always fits me perfectly. There's no tailoring really required, which is rare for me.''' ,'''I love all the different ways that New Yorkers show their individuality through what they choose to wear.''' ,'''When I try to relax, it's more Swedish rock, softer music, and I go out and do fun stuff. I play guitar, but it doesn't matter really what it is - just something that keeps you away from hockey.''' ,'''My first idol was a Swedish goalie, Peter Lindmark.''' ,]
+++