+++
author = "Whitney Port"
title = "Whitney Port Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Whitney Port Quotes"
keywords = "whitney port,whitney port quotes,whitney port quote,whitney port sayings,whitney port saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think as a new mom it's really easy to take what other parents have done, see the results through their children, and really compare that to what is going on with your child.''' ,'''I just want a home anywhere. I want my own home and my own pillow!''' ,'''I love TeenVogue! I got my start there!''' ,'''I firmly believe that if you're really unhappy with something, then you should go ahead and change it.''' ,'''Try something new when you feel great about yourself! Try something new because you have been dying to try it, thinking about it for weeks, and have had multiple discussions about it. Do not make brash decisions because you feel ugly and think this will be the answer.''' ,'''Some of the first questions that people ask new moms is, 'Is your baby sleeping through the night yet?' or 'Are you still breastfeeding?' and if their baby is sleeping through the night or still breastfeeding and yours isn't, you immediately judge yourself and want to know what they are doing to get yourself on the same page.''' ,'''We all have those people in high school and college that we shared that important time with, but don't necessarily keep in touch with. It's the same thing with the 'Hills' crew - they'll always be a part of my roots but I don't necessarily talk to them every day.''' ,'''I think it's just more things have happened in my life that made my brain go a little nutty and over-analytical that I'm not as levelheaded as people might think I am.''' ,'''When in doubt, put on a floral dress and ankle boots - that is always a great and easy go-to outfit.''' ,'''I really want to do accessories, it's been something I'm interested in.''' ,'''It's okay to be burnt out.''' ,'''The moment that always comes to mind when I think fondly about 'The Hills' is when Lauren and I got to go to Paris. I was in my early twenties, and I had never been to Paris. The thought of the Crillon Ball was so glamorous - wearing designer gowns, getting hair and makeup done, and meeting all these amazing people.''' ,'''I like to keep in touch with my exes and I've been fortunate enough to end on a good note with them. It's always been important to me because it's crazy how you can love someone so much one second and hate them the next. I just find it really bizarre!''' ,'''I really want people to see me as a fashion designer first because it is what I've always wanted to do.''' ,'''See, I got into really bad eating habits when I was in high school because my metabolism was fast - I was eating what I wanted and it wasn't showing, so I didn't think twice about what I put in my body.''' ,'''Jeans are super American and will never go out of style. When they first came on the fashion scene they were a statement of women empowerment. When women began wearing pants, they wore jeans! They weren't just denim, they were part of a feminist movement.''' ,'''Answer questions truthfully and don't exaggerate your experience. Lies will come back to haunt you.''' ,'''On 'The City,' I allowed the cameras more into my life and I ended up exactly where I was meant to be.''' ,'''I gained a lot of weight when I got to college because my eating habits were bad (I was eating pizza and French fries at every single meal), and it was hard to deal with.''' ,'''You know, this might surprise people, but what I really want and what I'm really working toward is a Chanel suit. I'd really like to have one that I could wear forever - a really classic one.''' ,'''Any make-up you find at a pharmacy is the same as what you'll see in a department store. The cover-up I use is Neutrogena.The mascara I use is Maybelline. You don't need a stylist to look great!''' ,'''I grew up with a family that kind of always took care of me. They were always doting over me and I was always like a helpless little child. I think it's been a really big learning experience to be on my own and realize I can conquer things without having someone rescue me.''' ,'''I think people see me as someone who wears a lot of big jewelry, so it would be fun to do a costume jewelry type line.''' ,'''Being a twenty-something can be a difficult phase.''' ,'''I think it's hard to have a camera in your face every day. If you're not already confident about how you look, then you're going to want to do things to change it.''' ,'''As cliche as it sounds, when one door closes, another one opens. Whenever I've gotten bad news about something, within a week or two there's another opportunity that brings new hope or keeps me motivated.''' ,'''I found something called Lucas Papaw Ointment in Australia that I can use for anything - my lips, under my eyes, my hands.''' ,'''It's all about balance, and recognizing that no one is perfect.''' ,'''I figure that not everyone can like you.''' ,'''I think I've learned that if I really set my mind to something and really motivate myself in that direction I can get anything done.''' ,'''Sometimes stepping out with short hair can feel like leaving home without your phone. You feel stressed and naked. There is, quite literally, nothing to hide behind.''' ,'''I had two miscarriages within a year or, like, a year and a half.''' ,'''I just want to have a normal life.''' ,'''I'm really bad at doing my hair, so the front always looks a little bit off. I think that the front is the most important in terms of the whole look. So, because the front layers just get awkward sometimes, I feel like I have to clip them back.''' ,'''After I was on reality TV, after that whole phase of my life was over, I really didn't want to do anything reality TV-related ever again.''' ,'''You can't control babies, they aren't robots and we don't have them all figured out.''' ,'''You have to have patience, work hard and preserve in order to follow your dreams.''' ,'''Certain things happen in life that force you to take a pause and priorities are constantly changing. You're meeting different people and things don't always go as planned, but in the best way possible.''' ,'''I feel like being healthy is just a part of my life in general, whether I'm prepping for something big or not.''' ,'''Coca-Cola will never go out of style.''' ,'''I tell myself that my body is not robotic and it doesn't behave perfectly, and... things can go wrong that are out of your control.''' ,'''Treat everyone you meet during your interview with courtesy. Your interviewer could ask anyone for their opinion of you!''' ,'''Always make sure you feel comfortable and confident in what you're wearing.''' ,'''When I travel, sometimes I feel like a street blogger. I'll take pictures of people all over who are wearing cool things.''' ,'''I love Alexa Chung, Diane Kruger and Kate Bosworth. They defy trends. They probably take more risks than I do but I would say my style is similar.''' ,'''Every New Years, one of my major resolutions is to drink more water.''' ,'''I like to enjoy myself, and I don't want to live my life inhibiting myself but I always want to be healthy. So I definitely try and keep balance.''' ,'''It's not something a lot of people would think, but I constantly put things off.''' ,'''Self depreciating humour won't win over an employer; if you're not sure of yourself why should they be?''' ,'''I'm pretty relaxed as a parent, and I think that people might be surprised by that.''' ,'''I was so never the kind of person that saw exactly where I should be and then tried to get there. What I've wanted has evolved as my life has.''' ,'''The key with Coachella is looking like you didn't try, but really, you know everyone tries.''' ,'''There are so many different aspects of my life - the on-camera aspect, the laid-back aspect with my friends and family, the career-oriented aspect, the design aspect.''' ,'''Don't be afraid of vintage shopping. It's a really good way to save money. You are getting such great pieces at affordable prices and what you're wearing is never going to be seen on anyone else.''' ,'''All of the collections I've done have been so much fun. The more knowledge and the more education I can get the better the line is. It's something I never went to school for, so the more knowledge I get, the more advanced the line can be.''' ,'''I try to get as much sleep as possible, moisturize as much as possible and always wash my face before I go to sleep. It's a non-issue. And if I'm too lazy, I'll use makeup-remover pads.''' ,'''I never really wanted to be on television, and I never needed that kind of attention.''' ,'''I'm sorry, TikTok, but I refuse to have a TikTok account. Like, I can't. Like there's only so much I can do.''' ,'''I feel like there haven't been a lot of stupid rumors surrounding my life.''' ,'''I find it really awkward to go to dinner on a first date. I like to go to a comfortable, loungy place or do something fun, like bowling or a concert.''' ,'''I feel like working out is something where I can be alone with my own thoughts and release all that tension.''' ,'''I don't want to be an actress.''' ,'''I know for me comfort is key; at my wedding I want to have fun, I want to dance, I want to not feel like my dress is restricting me from anything, so something definitely more streamlined.''' ,'''Sometimes I watch myself on 'The Hills' and I'm like, 'Whitney, could you, like, maybe pretend to be more interested, or say something of some substance instead of just giving looks?'''' ,'''I use Enjoy Sulfate-Free Luxury Shampoo and Conditioner - they come in hot pink bottles. Then, I use Enjoy Conditioning Spray.''' ,'''I like Luna bars and the individual packs of mixed nuts from Trader Joe's.''' ,'''When I went on 'The Hills,' I never showed my personal life. It was always about my career life - I thought people could take me seriously because they'd see I'm a hard-working girl. Then when I chose to do 'The City,' I took the next step to show my personal life.''' ,'''A lot of fashion is really inspired by vintage and it's the forefront of fashion.''' ,'''My husband is lactose-intolerant, so it was really important for me to help him get that under control. With Lactaid, he has a healthy option whenever he wants to have real dairy without the lactose.''' ,'''When I design, I always design around denim. I think of designing as a lifestyle. I design for that career oriented girl who will be sitting at an office all day long, but is still going out and being social at night.''' ,'''When I was designing my clothing line, I would find a print that I love and then decide what to make with it.''' ,'''I try to eat everything in moderation.''' ,'''Any kind of business or start-up you have, you're going to be faced with a lot of people who maybe don't believe in it or see the vision or just say no. The key is seeing beyond that and really trying to not let the no's get you down.''' ,'''When I was in high school, I used to put on so much makeup, because I didn't have the best skin.''' ,'''I'm so finicky about my hair getting damaged and how much I get it done that when I don't have to do anything to it, I just let it air-dry and leave it alone.''' ,'''I think we can all agree there's a kind of beauty myth that as soon as a woman cuts her hair she's more empowered. Feels strong. Floats down the street feeling like a Parisian woman during fashion week, all carefree. She doesn't care what anyone else thinks! But that's not always the case.''' ,'''It has always been so hard for me to stay hydrated and drink a lot of water just because like I just don't love water.''' ,'''As long as I'm in the gym three times a week, I'm happy. I make sure to fit it in. It always depends. I'm not one of those people who goes at the same time every day because my day is so different every day, so it depends when I can get an hour in there, and I'll go.''' ,'''Our insides matter as much as our outsides.''' ,'''If your interviewer makes small talk with you, then be chatty back.''' ,'''I want to always be learning.''' ,'''I do cardio for 35 to 45 minutes, whether that's on the elliptical or walking or running on the treadmill - I switch back and forth because I can get bored at times. Then, I'll go do some weights - I'll do some bicep curls, push-ups, sit-ups.''' ,'''I love what Diane Kruger wears.''' ,'''With me sharing everything that I'm doing on social media, people might think that I'm constantly comparing myself to other people, but I'm really trying not to do that.''' ,'''I usually only get a blunt trim. No layers, nothing special, just the dead ends cut off very, very bluntly. For me, that feels safe and fashion at the same time.''' ,'''With Whitney Eve, I really wanted to dress everyday girls. I wanted it to be a more sophisticated than just casualwear, but be comfortable at the same time. All the fabrics are easy fabrics, they can be dressed up or dressed down.''' ,'''A great gladiator sandal is always comfortable but can dress something up.''' ,'''When I was on 'The Hills' I didn't get my personal life involved or my family, or my friends, they were never on it and I'm happy about that.''' ,'''My personal style is pretty eclectic.''' ,'''When kids are traveling, it' so much just being locked on the plane or stroller or carrier. So I think it's really important to plan times of the days where you can have them run around and like let them get their sillies out.''' ,'''I mean, I used to think of fashion design as a kind of art project, all creativity and passion. I wasn't thinking 'big picture' at all.''' ,'''Everyone comes to L.A. to accomplish goals, and sometimes it's hard to find a genuine person in the middle of all that.''' ,'''Snacking is super important.''' ,'''I really do put everything, all my time into my work.''' ,'''It can get me down when people say that I'm boring or stupid or I don't have much personality.''' ,'''I'm a procrastinator.''' ,'''I like challenges.''' ,'''My friends call me 'snack mom' because I always have snacks, and the GoodnessKnows Snack Squares are great because they are that on-the-go snack I can eat throughout the day.''' ,'''I can get really lazy.''' ,'''Your family, your best friend those are the opinions you should take to heart. All the other opinions and judgements, you have to let come in one ear and go out the other.''' ,]
+++