+++
author = "Ronnie Corbett"
title = "Ronnie Corbett Quotes"
quotes_len = "53"
description = "the best 53 Ronnie Corbett Quotes"
+++
- I just keep jogging along, and people seem to like me. And for that I am very grateful.
- I love radio and have done a little bit for years - since 'Workers' Playtime' in the 1950s. It's also a good springboard for comedians.
- It is possible to have good manners and be funny at the same time. Ronnie Barker and I proved that.
- When I'm stopped in the street, people want to talk about 'The Two Ronnies' and the sketches we did.
- Dad was a baker, and Mum was tied up with church and the social club.
- In the old days, if you topped the bill one evening, you'd do 22 minutes maximum, and if you overstepped and did 27 one night, you'd get a knock on the door telling you it wasn't acceptable.
- People who want to do stand-up from the start - I mean that's an extremely self-centred thing to want, isn't it?
- The funny thing about the golf swing is that you try to alter it and end up with the same faults as you've had all your life.
- What is so good about 'Gavin and Stacey' is that it is very real, Welsh, and well written.
- We go out of fashion but can also come back into fashion. So you've just got to hang around long enough until you are back in style.
- Golf is the most fascinating game, but other people's game is the most boring thing.
- There are many comics around who don't really have a feel for comedy. They can say outrageous things, have clever thoughts, and deliver some funny angles. But they are not genuinely funny.
- Doing things like 'Extras' and 'Little Britain' keeps me in with the youngsters.
- I actually found it very moving how destructive depression is. I was really saddened by this burden people have to handle.
- My father instilled attention to detail and a sense of duty and responsibility.
- It's difficult to be clean and clever at the same time, but a lot of our stuff was.
- There was a story saying I didn't like contemporary comedians, but it's completely untrue - a lot of them are very dear friends of mine.
- I like to do enough work to keep myself sharp and relevant without trying to be trendy.
- I look forward to doing everything, whether appearing on TV or walking the dog.
- I've had a very happy life, and although I have had tragedy, I've never suffered from any darkness.
- Have you ever noticed? Anybody going slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac.
- I have been in the business for 62 years. It's a match made in heaven.
- I have had the most spoiled golfing life.
- The really funny moments you notice throughout your life are very seldom generated by one person telling a joke.
- A man can add to his sexuality by being funny, whereas a woman can diminish hers. I don't know why that's the case: it's completely unfair.
- We had a certain kind of material that was not dangerously esoteric.
- We did Donald McGill, seaside-postcard stuff - middle of the road.
- I used to have a theory in my mind that if no serious move had happened before I was 38 - not 40, oddly - then I would move into management or something. Fortunately, I was offered 'The Frost Report' when I was 37, so that was a close thing, too.
- It is nice to be appreciated by the youngsters.
- You get fed up watching shows with not much care and love, reality programmes where they put people in a house for a fortnight and film them doing everything, or where participants arrive after lunch and do the programme at six.
- I've been lucky in that I've always loved my job.
- How long does it take to make 'They Think It's All Over?' It's just laughing at each other and thinking, 'Aren't we clever?'
- Our comedy was light-hearted amusement that seemingly tripped naturally off the tongue. That's why I don't think it will date.
- I am happy most of the time.
- All those I admired as a young performer had a calmness to their comedy.
- Part of my style was getting into a muddle. Audiences think that's part of the act. Sometimes it might be - but you have to guess which bits.
- As you get older, you worry about your memory.
- I don't want to push barriers myself. You go to see Joan Rivers to see barriers being pushed. You watch 'Little Britain' to see barriers being pushed.
- We knew what mums, dads, and children would understand and enjoy without resentment. I don't see the requirement to upset people. You're there to entertain and please.
- Comedy taste changes. It only changes slightly, but there's always a different angle, a different attitude.
- My first pet at home in Edinburgh was a dog my dad had called Glen. He was a small sheepdog and went with my dad every day to work as manager of a cooking centre, which made the children's lunches for schools.
- It is all down to 'The Two Ronnies.' Those years with Ronnie Barker were the spine of my career.
- I think people feel starved of nice, glamorous entertainment. They want to see costumes and gaiety and a singer; old-fashioned entertainment - it won't die easily.
- We had brilliant writers on our shows, and I do think that 'The Two Ronnies' has stood the test of time. It was certainly the greatest fun to do.
- If I change car, I change car. I don't get very fond of things.
- I'm always nervous. A classy comedian is full of self-doubt disguised with an air of false confidence. If there isn't self-doubt, you seem aggressive.
- David Frost plucked me from the nightclubs.
- I suppose to the outside world I do seem slightly obsessed. But I once had a balance problem with my inner ear, and the fear loitered. Yet I have found that golf is like a yoga procedure for me: it's had wonderful, sedative, remedial qualities for my day-to-day life.
- I have not survived 50 years in showbusiness by being Mr. Nice. If you are weak, this business eats you up.
- If I wear too much tartan, I tend to look like a Thermos flask.
- I watch the wonderful Dara O'Briain refereeing 'Mock the Week,' where they all compete with each other. I wouldn't be on that. It frightens the life out of me.
- I have been trapped in some posh toilets, including those in Windsor Castle and Buckingham Palace, and at Victor Spinetti's memorial at St. Paul's Covent Garden, I got locked in the loo.
- We'd never do anything tasteless. There's enough to make fun of without offending.
