+++
author = "Marv Levy"
title = "Marv Levy Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Marv Levy Quotes"
keywords = "marv levy,marv levy quotes,marv levy quote,marv levy sayings,marv levy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My father Sam, by his lifelong example, displayed for me the virtues of an honest day's work and of great personal courage.''' ,'''If you don't change with the times, the times are going to change you.''' ,'''If I had coached in high school for 60 years, I would have loved it. Getting to the top was not a goal. I welcomed the opportunities, but I just believed do the best doggone job you can, and good things will happen.''' ,'''I don't remember Bill Walsh being old. I remember young Bill Walsh. He wasn't gray-haired, and neither was I when we first met. His legacy will live on. Bill Walsh's name and his accomplishments will be remembered and revered so long as the great game of football is played.''' ,'''Three, maybe four times a week, I run for 30 minutes. If I don't run, I'm out for a brisk walk at least an hour every day.''' ,'''Age is inevitable. Aging isn't.''' ,'''I exercise, walk a lot, and break into the occasional trot. I also lift weights three days a week, and I like to read about what makes a good diet. Overall, I do follow a healthy lifestyle.''' ,'''Teaching is very important. The nature of your personality isn't that important. Lombardi was very extraverted, very bombastic. Landry very quiet, reserved. Both were great teachers and great coaches.''' ,'''The age factor means nothing to me. I'm old enough to know my limitations and I'm young enough to exceed them.''' ,'''My father was an athlete, a great athlete, fought in the Marines in World War I. He was all sports and activity. My mother was all academics. I still have the complete works of Shakespeare that she had.''' ,'''I took all the courses you would need to be able to go to law school. But my experience in college with football made me want to go into coaching.''' ,'''I'm sure there were concussions galore back when we played, but the doctors would just say, 'Shake it off,' or something like that... or 'Come on, you got to be tough... get back in there.' I see so many guys who played pro football in their 50s now who are so debilitated from having played it.''' ,'''I don't know exactly what are you supposed to do when you retire. Lie on the couch and do nothing? I didn't want to do that.''' ,'''As coaches, we learn to accept criticism for our decisions. If a writer says you shouldn't have gone for it on fourth-and-one, we understand that's part of the job. We expect it.''' ,'''In Buffalo, you can't imagine how much people revere Fred Jackson because of his high character, his community involvement, coming from a Division III school.''' ,'''For a long time, I was an assistant in the NFL to George Allen, and George was paranoid that other teams were cheating on him... that they were offering bounties, that they were wiring our locker room, that they were putting food poisoning into the pregame meal of the other team's stars, stuff like that.''' ,'''If you say you plan to retire in two or three years, you've already retired.''' ,'''Experience should be a plus as long as it doesn't become complacency. If you say, 'We're not going to change; we didn't do it that way before,' then you've become too old.''' ,'''Absolutely everything undergoes evolvement - whether it's technology, journalism, the NFL, medicine.''' ,'''Did I ever think at the time, when I was with the Alouettes and the Chicago Blitz, that I would be head-coaching a team in the Super Bowl? It would be hard to believe. Is it a dream come true? Yes.''' ,'''If you start thinking of the Super Bowl championship as your motivation, you are going to miss the trees for the forest or the forest for the trees. I never could understand that one.''' ,'''Actually, I'm working on a book of poetry.''' ,'''I've always been entranced by writing.''' ,'''I never have suspected or sensed a whiff of cheating in any of our Super Bowls.''' ,'''People sometimes ask me to name the greatest coach in NFL history. George Halas may have set the standard, but Don Shula has won more games than anyone, and he has done it in the most competitive era. He had an incomparable ability to evaluate players, to motivate them, and to teach them the game of football.''' ,'''When I first started reading poetry, all the poets I read - Edgar Allan Poe, Oliver Wendell Holmes, John Greenleaf Whittier - were rhyme poets. That's what captured me.''' ,'''I have stayed active. I do keep moving. But I should start swimming more. Great exercise.''' ,'''You adhere to a philosophy, but part of the philosophy I have is that I don't want to be too doggone inflexible that I miss a good player.''' ,'''I am going to miss Don Shula. I like him, and I admire him. I'm going to miss looking those 53 yards across the field and thinking, 'There is a coaching legend.'''' ,'''I did a lot of studying of great writers. I read that Hemingway rewrote 'The Sun Also Rises' 39 times.''' ,'''If there's age discrimination - and there may be - I've always felt that the person who discriminates is hurt more than the person being discriminated against, if the second person shucks it off and moves forward.''' ,'''Bill Polian and I agreed when we first came together with the Buffalo Bills that we'd bring players only of high character to the team.''' ,'''Chronological age is only an approximation of your functional age.''' ,'''I don't know if there ever has been anyone in the NFL who plays his position as well as Steve Tasker.''' ,'''Whenever I think of baseball, the first name that comes to mind is Babe Ruth. What the Babe was to baseball, Shula is to football coaching. There are certain figures in sports who are larger than the games they play or coach, and Don Shula is one of those.''' ,'''I'm hoping to get started on a new novel.''' ,'''I consider myself a Chicagoan, and if anybody else does, that gratifies me.''' ,'''I'm about 75 pages into a book on poetry. I don't know if anybody wants to read it. It's on any broad variety of subjects. I walk down the street and think of a topic and jot it down and say, 'Okay, that's another one.' They go from the humorous to the serious to every topic imaginable.''' ,'''I was enamored with Charles Dickens as a kid, and his names blew me away.''' ,'''There's three parts to football: offense, defense, and special teams. You'd no more ignore special teams than you would offense or defense.''' ,'''I just want people to finish the book and say, 'I was entertained.' When I set out to do it, I had no deal in place. I knew it would be tough. I read somewhere that John Steinbeck was turned down 22 times on his first novel. But I was just going to do it.''' ,'''I went off to Harvard Law School for six weeks, and then I said, 'Doggone this, it's not what I want to do.' I remember when I told my dad I was leaving law school, and I wanted to go into football. He said, 'Be a good coach.'''' ,'''When I was twelve, I went hunting with my father and we shot a bird. He was laying there and something struck me. Why do we call this fun to kill this creature who was as happy as I was when I woke up this morning.''' ,]
+++