+++
author = "Vinny Testaverde"
title = "Vinny Testaverde Quotes"
quotes_len = "8"
description = "the best 8 Vinny Testaverde Quotes"
keywords = "vinny testaverde,vinny testaverde quotes,vinny testaverde quote,vinny testaverde sayings,vinny testaverde saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you're on the road, you have to be louder and you have to communicate. That's really the bottom line.''' ,'''I think you have regrets when you didn't give it everything you had, and I always felt like I did. Whether it was good enough or not, that has nothing to do with the fact that I tried my best to give my team a chance to win, year in and year out.''' ,'''First you have to spread on the rust performer, then you add a coat of protective enamel, and then you spray on the satin finish so you look good.''' ,'''Back in the '80s and '90s, you could hit the quarterback low, you could hit the quarterback high. You could hit him pretty much late.''' ,'''Football is about winning; it's that simple. You have to love what you do. If you're here for the money, than you don't belong here.''' ,'''When I came back, I wasn't looking past this year. This is a bonus for me. I just wish it would have turned out a little better, but we all don't get what we want all the time.''' ,'''My biggest hobby is playing golf, which I really enjoy. Now when I am lying in bed at night, unable to sleep, I find myself thinking about my golf swing. I'm also involved in the Tampa Bay chapter of First Tee.''' ,'''I'm excited, happy, nervous, anxious, all those feelings about playing for the Jets again. If I didn't have high expectations, I wouldn't come back here.''' ,]
+++