+++
author = "Brittany Murphy"
title = "Brittany Murphy Quotes"
quotes_len = "54"
description = "the best 54 Brittany Murphy Quotes"
keywords = "brittany murphy,brittany murphy quotes,brittany murphy quote,brittany murphy sayings,brittany murphy saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I definitely want to start a family, but that will happen when it's supposed to.''' ,'''I do sarcasm really poorly.''' ,'''I'm not really a big candy eater.''' ,'''I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year. You can do that any time you please - not that it's not a good inspirational tactic for the people that it works for.''' ,'''To give Tinker Bell a voice for the first time in history is such an honor.''' ,'''I just always have to cry out a breakup, and then I can make peace with it pretty quickly.''' ,'''I'm a clean freak and a germaphobe - I have hand sanitizer in my pocket.''' ,'''I don't even take myself seriously, so how could I possibly take Hollywood seriously?''' ,'''The older I get, the more I embrace my own idiosyncrasies.''' ,'''I've always seen myself as one of those 'show people.' My earliest memories are wanting and needing to entertain people, like a gypsy traveler who goes from place to place, city to city, performing for audiences and reaching people.''' ,'''I think the key to happiness is allowing ourselves to not feel bad or guilty for feeling it, and letting it be contagious. And to not be dependent on other people to create your own happiness.''' ,'''My singing voice isn't like my speaking voice.''' ,'''I'd do almost anything for love, within safe boundaries. I've flown to places to surprise people, even if it was just for a day. I think it's so important to keep the romance alive and make sure the fun and spontaneity are there.''' ,'''I'm an actor. I love to create.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a young mom, but generations of women have worked so hard so we can have a career and wait to have children. So I say carpe diem - take advantage of that.''' ,'''My dream as a producer is to be able to build a company that can be a safe haven for artists, for directors and for writers and actors to do what they do best and let them have final edit. I'd like to build something to that effect.''' ,'''I'd love to be a man for a day, just to see what it's like.''' ,'''I take work very seriously and telling the truth in my job and professionalism.''' ,'''I've never formally trained in acting, so I'm very instinctual and visceral with decisions.''' ,'''With all the technology we're inventing and what they're coming up with scientifically, people are having longer lifetimes. It's scary, but in the same sense it's also very exciting.''' ,'''Curiosity did kill the cat, but I'm very curious.''' ,'''After a breakup, it takes a couple weeks for the fog to settle, but it's always a period of self-priority and growth. Life presents you with so many decisions. A lot of times, they're right in front of your face and they're really difficult, but we must make them.''' ,'''I love producing. My dream as a producer is to be able to build a company that can be a safe haven for artists, for directors and for writers and actors to do what they do best and let them have final edit. I'd like to build something to that effect.''' ,'''Anyone that has a music career and an acting career I think is pretty fantastic.''' ,'''If I could be a third of the woman that my mom is and have a third of the strength that she has, then I will have done good by this life.''' ,'''Tired is not a word in my vocabulary.''' ,'''You actually can make it, no matter what. I truly am a firm believer in that. Eminem's living proof.''' ,'''I'm a Christian. I go to church when I can. I was raised Baptist. I went to a Lutheran school. I'm a nondenominational practicing Christian. I have a lot of faith.''' ,'''And as much as I love the gritty characters, I like to play all sorts of characters. I'm an actor. I love to create.''' ,'''Yeah, I'm a giver. I've learned to be selective of the people in my world, because if I love someone, I will give them my blood, whatever they need. In doing so, one can end up with little left for themselves.''' ,'''I think they should take everyone who works for The National Enquirer and the Star, and everyone who works for Us Weekly, and put them all to work looking for terrorists. I think they would find the terrorists. All of them. It would be genius!''' ,'''My trouble is I talk first and think later.''' ,'''I'm an actor. It's my job.''' ,'''I don't think Hollywood per se is supposed to be taken seriously, otherwise, dear Lord, that would be frightening.''' ,'''I can't believe that people actually know my first and last name. I think it's really, really, gosh-darn neat.''' ,'''Life presents you with so many decisions. A lot of times, they're right in front of your face and they're really difficult, but we must make them.''' ,'''It's easy to get wrapped up in sharing everyday life with a partner. It's fun to get lost in love and romance. It's the best. But holding on to yourself while doing that is the most important thing.''' ,'''I don't really take myself very seriously.''' ,'''I'd do almost anything for love, within safe boundaries.''' ,'''I find this life so interesting.''' ,'''Sticking to your values, listening to your instincts, making your own choices is so important.''' ,'''I did learn one great lesson from a past relationship, and that was to never talk about relationships in print again because I'd rather live my private life than read about it.''' ,'''I love being in love.''' ,'''I never had a chance to learn how to drive.''' ,'''I can play any instrument if you give me 20 minutes.''' ,'''My dreams and aspirations when I was a child for as long as I can remember was to be an entertainer.''' ,'''I come from a military family.''' ,'''I'm trying to figure out the trick of working to live as opposed to living to work, but I don't know if I've quite stumbled upon it just yet.''' ,'''I consider myself a character actor.''' ,'''It blows my mind the way Frank Miller can write.''' ,'''It's always been my mom and I against the world.''' ,'''I'm a really rotten liar. Generally, if I've tried to pull off a lie, it hasn't worked out to my advantage.''' ,'''I never really make solid resolutions. I think if there's something one needs to change with oneself, it doesn't have to happen in the New Year.''' ,'''Home is where my mom is.''' ,]
+++