+++
author = "Steve Wilkos"
title = "Steve Wilkos Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Steve Wilkos Quotes"
keywords = "steve wilkos,steve wilkos quotes,steve wilkos quote,steve wilkos sayings,steve wilkos saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a big believer in personal responsibility. My life wasn't always peaches and roses. Where I am today is through a belief in hard work and never saying no.''' ,'''I went home one night and told my dad that an older kid was picking on me. My Dad, a Korean War vet and a Chicago cop for 30 years, told me, 'You better pick up a brick and hit him in the head.' That's when I thought, 'Wow, I'm going to have to start dealing with things in a different way.'''' ,'''I'd like to be the next Oprah financially, but I'm not a TV actor. I'm not someone with an entertainment background, I'm a cop. And I'm not afraid to go anywhere and get down and dirty.''' ,'''I couldn't do my show without spending 12 years on the streets of Humboldt Park. It made me a better interrogator. Still, if they had taken me out of my squad car and gave me a show, I would've been terrible. But on 'Springer,' the spotlight was on Jerry and I got to grow up within the show.''' ,'''It's hard to describe yourself as a hero - I just like to think of myself as a policeman. People can look to you like that, as a good guy who can help people.''' ,'''My wife gets asked all the time, 'Ugh, how can you be married to that guy?' She's like, 'Hey, he's not yelling and screaming at me!'''' ,'''My show is not just a cop hosting a talk show - the two are completely different. My show is about helping people stand up to the bad guy.''' ,'''I'd take a bullet for just about anyone! If someone pulled out a gun, I'd step in front of you even though I've never met you.''' ,'''I've been watching 'Pawn Stars' every week for the last year. I like learning about the history behind the items that people bring into the pawnshop. I actually pawned a ring once that a woman sent to me while I was on 'Jerry Springer.' It was really gaudy.''' ,'''It's basically taking a 911 call, bringing them on stage and dealing with it just like when I was a Chicago policeman for 12 years. I personally become involved. Where Jerry lets people tell their story and lets everything happen on stage, I kind of go after the bad guy and protect the little guy.''' ,'''When I walk down the street, it's not like people feel like they're seeing some big star. It's like someone they've known for a long time, someone that they feel comfortable with.''' ,]
+++