+++
author = "Ann Dowd"
title = "Ann Dowd Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Ann Dowd Quotes"
keywords = "ann dowd,ann dowd quotes,ann dowd quote,ann dowd sayings,ann dowd saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think the theater is where you stand up, and you say, 'Here is what I have to offer.'''' ,'''Life gets more interesting as it goes on. It becomes fuller because there is perspective there.''' ,'''My parents were strict but loving.''' ,'''The first 10 years of my education were spent at a Catholic school in Springfield, Mass.''' ,'''I look at all these wonderful actors who are out of work, and I don't know what accounts for my good fortune, but I'm grateful for it.''' ,'''TV is terrific. It's really fast paced which I find difficult.''' ,'''In my experience as an actor over so many years, I don't know when I have been touched so deeply on so many levels as I have been by 'The Leftovers' in my three years there. It is a profound exploration of life, of grief, of loss.''' ,'''I was the second oldest of seven children, and chores were a way of life for us. If your task wasn't completed, you were called right back to finish it.''' ,'''The day after Trump was elected, I happened to be home in New York. I went to bed for the day.''' ,'''Two of my aunts are Catholic sisters.''' ,'''I was so grateful to win an Emmy, but just being nominated, it's not overrated!''' ,'''All I ever wanted was a successful career as an actress.''' ,'''When I won the Emmy, the profound sense of gratitude when my name was said I cannot express enough. It was one of the most beautiful moments, hands down, of my life.''' ,'''When I was pregnant with my first child, I was 35 years old, and I was working in a pet shop.''' ,'''I have a family and children I adore and a husband who's wonderful.''' ,'''Forgiveness, in some cases, is a flipping miracle in the sense that you're fighting, and suddenly something happens. It's a kind of grace. Whether you believe in God or not, something happens, and it's transformative.''' ,'''In general, between an actor and a character, there needs to be a falling in love, if you will - which I'm saying in quotes.''' ,'''It's a funny thing about being raised Catholic and then going to Catholic schools with nuns - the cliche about the mean nun was not what I had at all. They were very, very smart, devoted individuals.''' ,'''When I think of those in the 'far right' or those who are pro-life to the extreme and at all costs protect the unborn, the thing that enrages me is you want to ask every one of them, 'How many foster children are in your home now?'''' ,'''I think 'The Leftovers' is one of the most extraordinary shows that has ever seen the light of day.''' ,'''I think women are used to stepping up and getting the job done when you need to.''' ,'''My father, John, ran the Dowd Insurance Co. in town, which was started by his great-grandfather. My mother, Dolores, was a homemaker who kept an eye on all of us.''' ,'''I remember, as a young Catholic girl in high school, seeing 'The Exorcist,' and it scared the wits out of me.''' ,'''The first time I read 'Leftovers,' I didn't get it at all.''' ,'''I had been a premed student, and the way you got through premed was to work extremely hard and then harder.''' ,'''I have to say my background was mostly theatre, which I love, and it took a long time to feel comfortable there. That's probably true of anyone's career.''' ,'''Wherever the career wasn't going the way I wanted it to, I would experience those disappointments, and I would put them somewhere where I could say, 'Come on now, you're still working. Keep your focus where it belongs.'''' ,'''Anything or anyone that limits the dream you have for yourself and for your career is just to be dismissed. Do not keep that company, and do not hear those words.''' ,'''It's a question of dropping the armor and getting up and doing the work you want to do. And film at first is frightening because you are like, 'What's that camera doing?' But then it becomes family and therefore a really wonderful experience.''' ,'''Sit with silence a lot - real silence, where nothing is happening - because you learn so much in those moments of quiet.''' ,]
+++