+++
author = "Shalom Harlow"
title = "Shalom Harlow Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Shalom Harlow Quotes"
keywords = "shalom harlow,shalom harlow quotes,shalom harlow quote,shalom harlow sayings,shalom harlow saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love the percussion. It's a right brain, left brain thing. There are different beats, but cooperating together. It's your whole body doing it, you're doing the snare drum and the high top with your hands and the bass drum with your foot. You're this whole motion machine.''' ,'''In the beginning, New York and I had kind of a love-hate relationship. It seemed so abrasive compared to Europe. But the transformation here in recent years is really something. I don't think I would have seen as much change if I'd lived in any other city in the world.''' ,'''When I started coming to do shows in New York, New York had a pretty electric energy then. It was the early-nineties, and there was a lot of really fun theatrical types that were designing, and so the runway kind of became this stage for all of these mega model personalities to flaunt their stuff.''' ,'''I feel more comfortable with my clothes off than on!''' ,'''I was scouted at a Cure concert. A model scout approached me there and asked me if I modeled, and I thought that was ludicrous.''' ,'''My parents wished peace upon their firstborn child.''' ,'''Nobody responds to being made to feel judged.''' ,'''You don't have to live in the country and grow your own food to be green.''' ,'''When I first saw tap dancing, I immediately got it: the righteousness of being able to make so much noise with your feet!''' ,'''I was too thin. I was working all the time, not eating at home. Spaghetti bolognese on planes. Ugh. Now most of my meals I cook for myself with organic ingredients.''' ,'''I find myself dreaming of doing normal things - like staying home and washing dishes.''' ,'''I've recently started composting in my apartment, which is quite an adventure.''' ,'''You don't learn style from watching people on a runway. Fashion happens every morning when you wake up.''' ,'''Compost makes houseplants very happy.''' ,'''My favorite New York memory is that blizzard in '96. I get chills thinking about it. It's my favorite time here - call me crazy. I'm from Canada, and it's very cold up there.''' ,'''It's become more and more of a priority for me to tread as lightly as possible in the world.''' ,'''Clothes should just be like a beautiful setting for a jewel: They should offset you.''' ,'''I think there's a lot projected on beautiful women, period. At least, maybe this is just my fear, but I do sometimes feel dismissed before I've even been allowed to participate. I have moments of feeling really wounded. But I am pretty optimistic, and I do enjoy a lot of my life.''' ,'''People think if you're a model then you must take yourself way too seriously.''' ,]
+++