+++
author = "Daniel James"
title = "Daniel James Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Daniel James Quotes"
keywords = "daniel james,daniel james quotes,daniel james quote,daniel james sayings,daniel james saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''You sometimes go back to your comfort zone when you're in a bad place, you try and be safe.''' ,'''Giggsy, as soon as I came into the Wales set-up, had ambitions for me. The way he brought me and a lot of other youngsters through has been amazing. He spoke to me when I first signed for United. His advice was to be myself, which is what I will try to do.''' ,'''Getting the message out there to speak out is huge, and I think you can be the brightest person in the room, but people never know what's going on really inside and the hardest thing is to speak out. You've got to speak out. I think sometimes you maybe hold it all in and it can get too much at times.''' ,'''The first games were against Belgium and Switzerland, and that changed me as well because I used to play striker at Hull, and when I went away with Wales, I played as a winger.''' ,'''When people compare me to Kylian Mbappe, I am not quicker than him.''' ,'''Man United is my club and I love it there.''' ,'''Playing three games each week, you are away a lot. So, yeah, moving away from family and friends and being away all the time would have to be my biggest sacrifice.''' ,'''Obviously, I did enjoy my football - it was just that I was missing out with friends. But they are the sacrifices that sometimes you have to make as a footballer, to make it.''' ,'''The Premier League is the best league in the world and Manchester United is the perfect place for me to continue to develop as a player.''' ,'''It is a boyhood dream to play for Manchester United. To come here is a bit surreal. You see the number of fans out there and how far some of them have travelled to see. It is going to take a bit of getting used to.''' ,'''I exchange text messages with Ryan Giggs quite a lot because he was a legend here and someone I see as a big inspiration. Obviously, with him being the manager for Wales he helps me a bit.''' ,'''Everyone looks up to Lionel Messi, but I think I've got to go for Juan Mata. He's someone that I've always looked up to.''' ,'''When I see scarves or shirts, I think: 'Why have they got my name on? They could have Pogba or Rashford or Lingard.' When people ask for pictures, I'll think: 'You don't want one of me, you want one with them.'''' ,'''Being a winger I'm always going to get fouled but it's just about how you get on with it. I don't let it get in my head and just keep going.''' ,'''I did athletics when I was at school. I ran the 100 meters but I got beat once so stopped doing it.''' ,'''I think every kid grows up wanting to play for Manchester United. I never thought I'd be able to play against them, never mind play for them, so it's surreal, and I'm really looking forward to it.''' ,'''I want to do the best I can when I'm on the pitch.''' ,'''When I'm not playing football, I like to play on my X-Box.''' ,'''If a defender hits you and you stay down he might think he's got the better of you, so to get up and keep going is important.''' ,'''Coming out at the Theatre of Dreams is unbelievable. I'll always love it and never get used to the sound of the fans.''' ,'''It definitely isn't true that I supported Liverpool.''' ,'''It's about concentrating on the football for me.''' ,'''I was training most nights and was missing out. I was coming back from school and wanting to go out with my mates, but I had to go training.''' ,'''Whether I'm playing or not I'm proud. I'm as proud to play for Wales as I am Man United, to be there at the club.''' ,'''It was a tricky one as I had other clubs interested in me, not as big as United. I wasn't guaranteed game time anywhere, so why not take this opportunity at the biggest club in the world? If it doesn't work out, I can always go somewhere else. That was my mindset at the time.''' ,'''Even though I'm in the changing room and I know I am, you still have to pinch yourself every night that you can say you're a Manchester United player.''' ,'''I have ambitions to play for the first team. Of course, that is the ultimate goal.''' ,'''I've been asking my partner for a dog for a while and she kept saying no. She was obviously keeping it for a birthday surprise, and when I came home from Rotherham, Hugo was sat on the sofa waiting for me. It was a really nice surprise.''' ,'''It is important in football how you react to things when things aren't going so well.''' ,'''I think it was the down point in my career. I went to Shrewsbury on loan, I came back within a month and hadn't played a game - injured and feeling sorry for myself really.''' ,'''My agent said 'you've got clubs looking at you and United are one,' and I said: 'no they're not!'''' ,'''We are Man United - and we don't go anywhere feeling like we are going to lose.''' ,'''Part of my game is about winning those fouls and getting in good positions.''' ,'''Going out at Old Trafford is a massive thing and I can't let that pressure get to me.''' ,'''It's important to keep getting back up. It's part of the game.''' ,'''It is alright when things are going well, but everyone always says it is how you deal with things when they are going badly.''' ,'''To hear that Manchester United were interested was surreal for me because it was my first year in senior football.''' ,'''It's important not to just play and enjoy one position.''' ,'''When I do play, I give my all.''' ,'''I moved away to Swansea from Hull when I was 15. It was about four hours away - for some countries that's not a lot - but I wasn't able to see my family a lot.''' ,'''I don't think you can sum up how it feels, to come on and score on my debut.''' ,'''I think having established myself at Man United so quickly has helped me.''' ,'''I watch TV, spend time with my family, chill with the boys and go to the cinema - that sort of thing.''' ,'''I'm sure there are players a lot quicker than me.''' ,'''I still don't believe I'm a Manchester United player, it's the stuff you dream of.''' ,'''You can score in every game, you can improve and look back on what you can do more.''' ,'''At the start, when I got to nearly 12 years old, I actually nearly gave up football. I wasn't enjoying it.''' ,'''Raheem Sterling. The way he plays is the way I want to be.''' ,'''I didn't think I was going to make it as a footballer.''' ,'''It is massive progress in the space of a year being a Man United regular and playing for Wales. But things happen so quickly in football you have to be ready for anything.''' ,'''I think being versatile is important.''' ,]
+++