+++
author = "Christopher Wylie"
title = "Christopher Wylie Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Christopher Wylie Quotes"
keywords = "christopher wylie,christopher wylie quotes,christopher wylie quote,christopher wylie sayings,christopher wylie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It is extremely uncomfortable to consider that our democracy may have been corrupted. That potential crimes may have taken place - some of them on Facebook's servers - that seem to be beyond the reach of law.''' ,'''Manipulating an election in a small developing country doesn't have the same sort of ripple effect of electing Donald Trump into the White House.''' ,'''Speaking out against social media giants like Facebook is intimidating, particularly when I come forward as a whistleblower.''' ,'''The power of data is being able to be much more efficient with who you target and who you talk to and what you talk to them about. If you can gain that sort of very surgical efficiency, particularly in elections where you just need one more vote in order to win an election, yeah, absolutely, it can play a very significant role.''' ,'''You will be a far more effective whistleblower if you operate within a legal framework.''' ,'''Different kinds of people have different motivations for filling out surveys. Sometimes you would have a group of people who just would fill it out because they're bored, and they don't have anything to do. Or they would just genuinely want to know what is their personality.''' ,'''The idea that we should trust the security of our digital spaces to private companies that have no accountability except to themselves is ridiculous.''' ,'''It's important that queer people get visibility, particularly when they look, act, and speak in the way that they're comfortable with.''' ,'''We should be challenging and reforming our legislation around the world to actually combat hostile actors, whether they're domestic or foreign.''' ,'''People are willing to do really ugly things if lots of other people are also doing them.''' ,'''Different people choose different clothes and it correlates with their politics.''' ,'''In Britain, we have strict spending limits for elections. It's what has kept Britain from following the path of American politics, where elections are the sport of billionaires and corporate interests.''' ,'''You know Facebook has this sort of bizarre culture of like really shunning people who raise legitimate concerns about how, you know, their company is operating.''' ,'''It's important that people see that you can be a whistleblower and you can be different.''' ,'''Although the most amount of attention went to what happened in the United States and in Brexit, Cambridge Analytica and its predecessor, SCL Group, worked in countries around the world, particularly in the developing world, to manipulate elections for their clients. So it was global.''' ,'''Trends are just as important in politics as they are in fashion; just that rather than an aesthetic trend, it might be an ideological, behavioral or cultural trend - you need to keep track of all kinds of trends in politics because you need to know if you come out and say something, what the adoption of that will be six months down the road.''' ,'''Amazon can afford to lose money for years on its fashion offerings. But when, if you're a designer or a retailer, fashion is your bread and butter then you can't.''' ,'''We have not effectively found a way to regulate, whether it's social media or the Internet, and really put safety measures in place. What happens if China becomes the next Cambridge Analytica? When it comes to this sort of new age of hostile foreign interference and the weaponization of information and propaganda online, there is no plan.''' ,'''The thing that I realized in my journey as a whistleblower... is that the reaction that I got from a lot of law enforcement and regulatory agencies was confusion and bafflement.''' ,'''What's different with Cambridge Analytica and more broadly with social media is that you are the target. People want to harvest your information in as granular a way as possible in order to, like, create a picture, a complete picture of who you are, ultimately to either sell you things or make you believe things.''' ,'''I was asked by a journalist to sum up the story in a minute, and I was like, 'No.' It goes from Trump to Brexit to Russian espionage to military operations in Afghanistan to hacking the president of Nigeria. Where do you even begin?''' ,'''I don't think that military-style information operations is conducive for any democratic process.''' ,'''Data is powerful and if it's put in the wrong hands, it becomes a weapon. And we have to understand that companies like Facebook, and platforms like Facebook or Twitter, are not just social networking sites. They're opportunities for information warfare.''' ,'''If you are looking to create an information weapon, the battle space you operate in is social media. That is where the fight happens.''' ,'''Steve Bannon, you know, discovered that there's nothing more powerful than a humiliated man.''' ,'''Fashion data was used to build AI models to help Steve Bannon build his insurgency and build the alt-right. We used weaponized algorithms. We used weaponized cultural narratives to undermine people and undermine the perception of reality. And fashion played a big part in that.''' ,'''When you're, like, writing a Python script, it doesn't feel like you're doing something to someone. You just don't think, 'How could this actually harm people?'''' ,'''Cambridge Analytica sought to identify mental vulnerabilities in voters and worked to exploit them by targeting information designed to activate some of the worst characteristics in people, such as neuroticism, paranoia and racial biases.''' ,'''I didn't set out to attack Facebook. Facebook has just been incredibly uncooperative. It hasn't respected the role of the media and scrutiny and embraced this scrutiny and worked to improve itself.''' ,'''Before my coming out, as it were, I was very much a private person.''' ,'''I don't believe in data-driven anything, it's the most stupid phrase. Data should always serve people, people should never serve data.''' ,'''We need new narratives in culture, and to do a better job of showing more diversity.''' ,'''There are not sufficient regulatory frameworks to handle the amount of power that companies like Facebook have, particularly in the United States.''' ,'''When you look at history, every major movement, the first thing they do is create an aesthetic. Think about the Nazis. Or the Maoists in China. Any kind of revolution has an aesthetic, and that's because one of the fundamental human universals that everybody in every culture throughout time has done is wear clothes.''' ,'''Disinformation has always existed. It's not like all of a sudden we've just discovered this new thing called propaganda.''' ,'''If you look at how much information you put out, even just on your phone, on Facebook, on Google, whatever, you essentially create a clone of yourself online. And that's at the disposal of these large American tech companies.''' ,'''A lot of people are concerned about, for example, the ability of big government to inhibit our liberties and choice. Big data can engineer a situation that limits our choice and our freedom. And it's not a partisan issue.''' ,'''There are very tangible harms that come from manipulating people. In the United States, the public health response to Covid-19 has been inhibited by widespread disinformation about the existence of the virus or false claims about different kinds of treatment that do not work.''' ,'''I've worked in a lot of elections and it can feel like you're fighting a battle. You get into a mindset of 'we've got to win. If they're doing it, we're going to do it too.'''' ,'''We need to change our mindset and understand that the protection of our democracy is a national security issue. When any country interferes with your democracy, they are attacking you.''' ,'''One of the reasons why I'm speaking out is because I think that it's really concerning that no one has really investigated Cambridge Analytica and its role in the 2016 election.''' ,'''If we want to prevent another Cambridge Analytica from happening... that starts with regulating big tech beyond just data protection issues, but also looking at whether or not we want as a society to tolerate manipulative design.''' ,'''Fashion brands are really useful in producing algorithms to find out how people think and how they feel.''' ,'''I got recruited to join a research team at SCL group which, at the time, was a British military contractor based in London. Most of its clients were various ministries of defense in NATO countries. And what we were looking at is how to use data online to identify people who would be likely targets of different extremist groups.''' ,'''Facebook, Twitter and YouTube create algorithms that promote and highlight information. That is an active engineering decision.''' ,'''If you've done something wrong, the first step is to try to own up and tell people about it.''' ,'''It's very hard to participate in society when you can't talk to people on the medium that they talk to other people on.''' ,'''Even though Cambridge Analytica has dissolved, the capabilities are still there, the platforms are still there, the people are still there. What happens when China becomes the next Cambridge Analytica? Like anything, the second, third, fourth time you do something, you start to refine and perfect it.''' ,'''The United States is walking in the same direction as China, we're just allowing private companies to monetize left, right and center. Just because it's not the state doesn't mean that there isn't harmful impacts that could come if you have one or two large companies monitoring or tracking everything you do.''' ,'''It's unfortunate that Facebook, as soon as I come and speak out, they ban me from their platforms.''' ,'''I've never seen a billion dollars. I don't think anybody has.''' ,'''We have a completely unregulated digital landscape. There is almost no oversight. We are placing blind trust in companies like Facebook to do the honorable and decent thing.''' ,'''Amazon could also be the next Vogue, the next designer, the next WGSN.''' ,'''I didn't fully appreciate the impact of what I helped create until 2016 happened. Very soon after that, I started working for The Guardian, originally as an anonymous source.''' ,'''What makes clothing so potent is that people incorporate the fashion that they're wearing into their identity. It becomes part of you and how you show yourself to the world.''' ,'''You know, my concern is that even if Cambridge Analytica has dissolved as a company, its capabilities haven't.''' ,'''In politics, the money man is usually the dumbest person in the room.''' ,'''The thing I think about all the time is, what if I'd taken a job at Deloitte instead? They offered me one. I just think if I'd taken literally any other job, Cambridge Analytica wouldn't exist. You have no idea how much I brood on this.''' ,'''The thing with Crocs and the Chanel dress, one is quick, fast and regrettable, the other is enduring and iconic.''' ,'''You have all kinds - you know, you have the rise of extremist groups in the United States. It's just you don't call them that, right? You've got, you know, some very cultish followings and belief systems.''' ,'''I've had people say, 'Oh you've made whistleblowing cool.' But it's really not. It's a good thing to do. And it's the right thing to do. But it's arduous and difficult, particularly if you are going up against something that's really powerful and political.''' ,'''It weighs on me that I played a pivotal role in setting up a company that I think has done a lot of harm to the democratic process in a lot of countries.''' ,'''My real concern is what happens if China becomes the next Cambridge Analytica, what happens if North Korea becomes the next Cambridge Analytica?''' ,'''Elections are zero-sum games. That means that there's always one winner and a lot of losers. If you just get one more vote than the other person, you win that election.''' ,'''For a long time I think journalists and society at large really did drink that Kool-Aid. They bought the message that the tech industry is good and they can do no wrong.''' ,'''I've always been really interested in fashion, culture and visual arts in general: when I was growing up my parents half-expected me to go to art school, but I ended up working in Parliament, and then working in tech and data.''' ,'''What we're now seeing is that big tech is just like any other industry. When push comes to shove, when it affects profit, they make decisions just like an oil or tobacco company would.''' ,'''We've never met before and I start telling you how much I love your favorite musicians, how I watch the same TV as you do, etc. You realize the reason I'm so perfect for you is because I spent the last two years going through your photo albums, reading your text messages and talking to your friends. Facebook is that stalker.''' ,'''I'm not going to be bullied by Facebook.''' ,'''I got a call from the Lib Dems. They wanted to upgrade their databases and voter targeting. So, I combined working for them with studying for my degree.''' ,'''It is categorically untrue that Cambridge Analytica has never used Facebook data.''' ,'''Cambridge Analytica will try to pick at whatever mental weakness or vulnerability that we think you have and try to warp your perception of what's real around you.''' ,'''I've been physically assaulted several times in the street. Somebody once pushed me into traffic. I've been followed into gay clubs, for example, where alt-right blogs would send photographers to take pictures of me. That has been not necessarily the easiest to deal with but, again, you start to actually just get used to it.''' ,'''One of the things that I learned about myself is that I can get involved in an idea and forget, in a really terrible way, what are the actual consequences of what I'm working on?''' ,'''When you work in Kenyan politics, or politics in a lot of African countries, if a deal goes wrong you can pay for it. When you work for senior politicians in a lot of these countries you don't actually make money in the electoral work, you make money in the influence brokering after that.''' ,'''When I saw how Russia was involved and pushing for Trump, I contacted the FBI. But at the time, they were confident Clinton would get elected and the last thing they wanted to do is show some kind of bias, especially because there was already a controversy with Clinton's email.''' ,'''Facebook knew in December 2015 that data had been harvested on Cambridge Analytica's behalf. It denied this until I came forward and produced the contract that SCL Elections, CA's parent company, signed with GSR, Dr. Aleksandr Kogan's company, for the work.''' ,'''The alt-right didn't emerge from nowhere. There's a cultural foundation that existed beforehand that was almost like the petri dish and the growing medium for the alt-right.''' ,'''Rebekah Mercer just wanted stuff to happen. She is a difficult and demanding woman to work for.''' ,'''If I were to produce a kitchen appliance, I have to do more safety testing and go through more compliance procedures to create a toaster than to create Facebook.''' ,'''So you know, when you think about all of the things that you put online - so whether it's, you know, your - what TV shows you like or, you know, what movies you watch or what you listen to, these are all little discrete clues about sort of who you are as a person.''' ,'''I am accepting my share of responsibility in what happens with Cambridge Analytica. I think that Facebook should also accept some share of responsibility as to what happened.''' ,'''You are being intentionally monitored so that your unique biases, your anxieties, your weaknesses, your needs, your desires can be quantified in such a way that a company can seek to exploit that for profit.''' ,'''When you talk to people in fashion, it's like, people wear clothes because it's who they are and what they like. It's as simple as that. It's just about creating a way of measuring that.''' ,'''The things that I was building on originally for the defense of our democracies had been completely inverted to really, in my view, attack our democracies.''' ,'''In most Western democracies, you do have the freedom of speech. But freedom of speech is not an entitlement to reach. You are free to say what you want, within the confines of hate speech, libel law and so on. But you are not entitled to have your voice artificially amplified by technology.''' ,'''I'm sorry Alex Jones, but the content that InfoWars has been putting out is just flat out lies. You are entitled to say whatever it is that you want, that is fine; you are not entitled to a megaphone if that information is false.''' ,'''I am a progressive Eurosceptic. I supported Leave.''' ,'''At first it was interesting, we worked with the military to identify people susceptible to radicalization, but then Steve Bannon approached us and things changed. We renamed Cambridge Analytica, and we began to approach voters as much as potential terrorists.''' ,'''Fashion and politics are almost the same industry, in many regards, because it's about identity, and it's cyclical, and people get really emotive about it.''' ,'''Amazon has a good track record for blowing up industries, and fashion needs to look at what has happened to music, publishing and media.''' ,'''I tell you, those old dudes who say, 'I don't care about fashion,' they're not going out in drag. Everyone cares about fashion.''' ,'''Conscientious people like structure, so for them, a solution to immigration should be orderly, and a wall embodied that.''' ,'''Liberalism is correlated with high openness and low conscientiousness, and when you think of Lib Dems they're absent-minded professors and hippies. They're the early adopters... they're highly open to new ideas.''' ,'''Fashion is very complicated for machines to learn - something that is intuitive for a human is usually the hardest thing to teach a computer.''' ,'''With access to enough Facebook data, it would finally be possible to take the first stab at simulating society 'in silico.' The implications were astonishing: You could, in theory simulate a future society to create problems like ethnic tension or wealth disparity and watch how they play out.''' ,'''What people forget is that no one pays you to go and be a champion for democracy. A girl's got to make rent. I didn't have a job for two years.''' ,'''Cambridge Analytica's tactics contributed to a world where people kind of hate each other, and don't want to talk to each other, don't want to hear each other, don't want to speak to each other.''' ,'''Vote Leave broke the law. I can say that out loud now. Vote Leave broke the law. But nothing happened.''' ,'''The work of Cambridge Analytica is not equivalent to traditional marketing. Cambridge Analytica specialized in disinformation, spreading rumors, kompromat, and propaganda.''' ,]
+++