+++
author = "Matthew Williamson"
title = "Matthew Williamson Quotes"
quotes_len = "66"
description = "the best 66 Matthew Williamson Quotes"
keywords = "matthew williamson,matthew williamson quotes,matthew williamson quote,matthew williamson sayings,matthew williamson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I wanted to create a bridal collection that is both a natural extension of the mainline eveningwear but, at the same time, reflects the opulence of such an important celebratory event.''' ,'''My collections are full of adaptable pieces: within the energetic lifestyle of L.A., they are able to take you from the beach in Malibu to the red carpet in Hollywood.''' ,'''Never shop alone for your bridal dress. Take a friend and bring a camera to take a picture of you. Make sure to get a picture of the back view: that's the part of the dress most people are going to see for the longest time.''' ,'''Leather has a real durability and functionality.''' ,'''I approach any collaboration I do differently.''' ,'''I'm drawn to the way Havaianas capture playfulness and light-heartedness in their products - there is clearly an element of fun.''' ,'''I have always been clear about what I wanted to do and who I wanted to dress. However, you need that business sense to help direct your talent. Because at the end of the day, you are selling clothes, and that is the reality which we live in.''' ,'''I wasn't inspired by lunatic asylums or anything like that.''' ,'''My parents knew there was no point in pushing the football thing. I hated the boots.''' ,'''The last thing I want to appear is remotely jaded or bitter, which it could come across the wrong way.''' ,'''I try to go to Marrakesh if there's a Bank Holiday weekend.''' ,'''I am shocked and deeply saddened by McQueen's death. He was a genius, and his talent was second to none. Like many others, I always cited him as a hugely inspirational leader of world fashion. He will be greatly missed.''' ,'''Pucci was always my favorite brand when I was in college. It has a similar DNA as my label, both in the sexy, uplifting point of view and in the use of color and surface pattern.''' ,'''I'm curious about the mix of the effortless bohemian thing with the very modern.''' ,'''I don't usually Skype. I've used it once, but my boyfriend had to leave instructions: 'This is how you Skype me.' We do it for the business, of course - we have the site and trade online - but, personally, I'm not passionate about it.''' ,'''I love the fact that H&M has created a new phenomenon in fashion through the pioneering concept of collaborating with high-end designers to create one-off limited-edition capsule collections. I am thrilled that my creations for H&M will be accessible to - and hopefully enjoyed by - so many people around the world.''' ,'''The peacock has become one of my regular sources of inspiration from nature.''' ,'''I grew up in the dark ages, pre-digital, when everyone would wait for a magazine each month to see these models who became legendary and iconic, like Kate Moss.''' ,'''I got my fair share of stick. But I surrounded myself with fabulous girls, and they all loved me because I made them clothes. I remember making them all leopard print tops and tartan skirts for a party we went to once. It's scary to think about it now, actually.''' ,'''Louise Wilson told me she wanted to see more of the 1997 show. And so I needed to reissue that.''' ,'''Madonna is untouchable. She is absolutely lovely. On a personal level, she's everything you would expect. She's so down to earth.''' ,'''I'm not one to pat myself on my back, but I have had a career for 20 years, and if people are interested in how I did it or if I can give any advice, then that's lovely.''' ,'''I had a whistle-stop tour of Havana in a horse and carriage and couldn't stop taking photographs of the decaying yet enchanting buildings and people.''' ,'''My design philosophy is to make women feel like peacocks.''' ,'''Confidence and belief in yourself and your vision is absolutely paramount. The fashion industry is tough - be prepared to take advice and criticism along the way, but have unwavering belief in your vision.''' ,'''No woman can wear prints all the time.''' ,'''I'm a natural technophobe, but I can see the importance of the digital role, and you have to celebrate it - our site is obviously an incredibly important part of our business now.''' ,'''My clothes and my interiors are about making people smile.''' ,'''As the label has developed over the years, more and more structure and tailored pieces have been added, and so, whilst the core values of the brand have remained, I feel it's important to try new things and add more layers and dimensions to a collection every season.''' ,'''I'm continually inspired by nature, and the rainbow is one of nature's greatest optical phenomenons. The sighting of a rainbow never fails to bring a smile to people's faces. They signify optimism and positivity: with them comes the sunshine after the rain.''' ,'''I'm an independent fashion house.''' ,'''I wanted to explore the Seventies idea of the ideal futuristic woman. So I watched cheesy films like 'Weird Science' and more dodgy things like 'Star Trek,' 'Barbarella' and 'Logan's Run.'''' ,'''We're not waiting for the fashion cycle to have 180 buyers come in and see the collection and go, 'We like it, we'll buy it, and we'll have it in June.' The only one we're selling to is Net-A-Porter, and the rest is through our site.''' ,'''The V&A is an amazing museum, and the collections have always been a great inspiration to me.''' ,'''We know what the customer wants, and so we're buying in a totally different way.''' ,'''Debenhams has a strong track record for developing exclusive designer brands.''' ,'''I think the woman who buys my dress also wants a beautiful pillow.''' ,'''I think there needs to be extremes in fashion, and Pucci offers another choice.''' ,'''It's just fantastic to have someone like the Duchess of Cambridge wear the brand. I think there are often misconceptions about who the brand is for, but it's not just a 20-year-old blonde girl on the beach, and Kate is testament to that.''' ,'''I love taking elements and colours from nature and then distorting them somehow.''' ,'''You can't deny the experience of a store. It's fantastic if you're a global brand and you've got the power or the funds to support that bricks-and-mortar space, but we certainly weren't and aren't.''' ,'''A catwalk show is just how it's done; it's just what you do - it's central to the presentation of a collection. It will be a very brave designer who gives up the catwalk entirely in favour of a digital show.''' ,'''It was a privilege to work with Ballantyne, an iconic brand possessing such a rich British heritage. Ballantyne has a great appreciation of style and craftsmanship which truly complements the Matthew Williamson brand.''' ,'''I think Galliano returning to London Fashion Week at some point would be hugely well received by the industry.''' ,'''I wanted to create a collection of leather handbags which would not only reflect the brand's DNA but also appeal to a busy cosmopolitan woman.''' ,'''I've only dealt with fabulous brides!''' ,'''My mum has always been a huge inspiration for me and my work. She loves fashion and has always been so supportive.''' ,'''People think of me and think, 'Ibiza and hippy look.' I'm trying to expand.''' ,'''London Fashion Week has always been very special to me.''' ,'''I wanted to start a menswear line of slim-fitting, luxury cashmere jumpers in a range of great colours.''' ,'''Everything I've designed is intended not to match perfectly but to sit together in harmony, to add flair and personality to any room.''' ,'''I've been fascinated with interior design for as long as I can remember.''' ,'''I'm a bit of a digital imbecile.''' ,'''I did candles because I wanted a candle to put in my home. I couldn't find one I liked.''' ,'''My womenswear line would translate well into childrenswear.''' ,'''Developing a new designer colouring book with Laurence King has been a real passion project of mine.''' ,'''I guess I will always be known as a designer who references Ibiza, even though I've only been to the island a couple of times in my early twenties.''' ,'''I've always felt like a designer of lifestyle that has a certain spirit and bohemian quality.''' ,'''In a digital age, I still love sending and receiving cards, hand-writing notes, and wrapping gifts.''' ,'''I've been to most parts of India over the years, but Jaipur is my favourite city. Inspiration can be found at every turn.''' ,'''Creating a bridalwear collection was a natural progression from my evening wear collections, which are well known for their softly draped and diaphanous silk gowns.''' ,'''It's always better when travelling to be in a place where your friends know the area well.''' ,'''In England, it's always raining, and I feel like I'm expert in that field.''' ,'''Of course I owe so much of my success to my parents.''' ,'''London has a very specific kind of style; it's very different to Milan, Paris, and New York. It's nice having that personality that we haven't lost. It's the English quirky style that people like to see when they come to Fashion Week.''' ,'''I always wanted to be a designer and always felt surprised as a child when my sister used to deliberate about whether to be a nurse or a teacher.''' ,]
+++