+++
author = "Priyamani"
title = "Priyamani Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Priyamani Quotes"
keywords = "priyamani,priyamani quotes,priyamani quote,priyamani sayings,priyamani saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Films with fresh themes and able directors are a pleasure to associate yourself with.''' ,'''I'm always afraid to act when I don't know the language and it perturbs me during my dubbing sessions too.''' ,'''I studied Hindi in school and that's come in handy.''' ,'''I'm happy I got to share screen space with established actors such as Vikram, Aishwarya Rai and Abhishek Bachchan and still was noticed.''' ,'''Acting is my career. I am pursuing it with passion.''' ,'''Glamour has been an integral part of showbiz from a longtime and the whole debate about exposing and vulgarity is blown out of proportions.''' ,'''I don't want to go to Bollywood just to prove I've worked there.''' ,'''It took me just a couple of months to pick up Telugu.''' ,'''I am an outspoken girl.''' ,'''Basically, I should feel at the end of the day that I am doing something worthwhile.''' ,'''Lack of access to basic sanitation facilities can be a traumatic experience for girls especially during menstruation period and have an adverse impact on their health.''' ,'''I have acted in all four film industries in the South. I speak all four languages because of my upbringing in various cities.''' ,'''It's not that I haven't been giving attention to Mollywood. Nor was I consciously going for glamour roles. The fact is that I got busy in Kannada.''' ,'''Shah Rukh is sweet. The experience to dance with SRK was lovely.''' ,'''I do not want to associate myself with sexual content on the webspace.''' ,'''I've worked with Jagapathi Babu in four films and the two of us are great friends.''' ,'''Post 'Chennai Express,' I got several offers from Hindi cinema, but nothing substantial came my way.''' ,'''I have not done a full-fledged Hindi project but I want to.''' ,'''I want to concentrate on my career and would like to scale greater heights.''' ,'''I would actually say to all the parents to tell their children to start respecting people. And, automatically when you start respecting people, it will give rise to give and take. Respect starts in your own house.''' ,'''One doesn't necessarily have to be grey-haired to portray a mother.''' ,'''You have to be careful with Vikram around otherwise he would eat you alive with his acting!''' ,'''Nowadays, television has taken over big time and I'm really enjoying my stints there.''' ,'''I'm not into cliches like 'no time' for love. If I find the right person, I'll definitely find time.''' ,'''I will only do a Bollywood film if I am offered the main lead role.''' ,'''I want to direct a romantic comedy and want Sudeep to star in it.''' ,'''I often chill out with my brother and parents in Bangalore.''' ,'''I have always maintained that my concentration is only on my career and on nothing else.''' ,'''As a matter of fact , personally I am ok with exposing, as long as it is done in good taste.''' ,'''My mother is my favorite cook and she does all cuisines really well. I eat the delicacies made by her whenever I find time.''' ,'''Acting opposite big heroes has worked well for my career. Hence, I have decided to do films that have top-notch actors as people take notice of my acting talent too.''' ,'''I think women have the natural ability to do multi-tasking.''' ,'''I hope through 'The Family Man,' I get some good offers.''' ,'''Soon after 'Paruthiveeran' I was flooded with scripts that were almost the same as the award-winning film. I had offers from Malyalam, Telugu and Kannada filmmakers. But I had to be firm and in fact I realized that now I had to be more careful with my choice of films because I have raised the audience expectations.''' ,'''One day Mani Sir called me to his office and narrated the script of 'Raavan.' He then asked me how good my Hindi is. When I told him that it's quite good, he asked one of his assistant directors to talk to me in Hindi and I was asked only to reply in Hindi.''' ,'''If a female actor is not comfortable with how a scene is shot and says no, it means no. They should not go ahead with the scene.''' ,'''Honestly, I understand that as an actor I should be comfortable with playing different characters. I am also not degrading those actors who are part of stories that require intimate scenes, but as an actress, I wouldn't be doing any scene that requires smooching and making out.''' ,'''There's always an assumption that when the girls get married they don't want to work.''' ,'''I have faith in my credentials and hope 'Malaikottai' would rock my fans.''' ,'''When I started years back, there was a lot of apprehension to don a mother's role. People feared that once you play a mother, you will get similar roles from next time too. But look at actresses like Kareena Kapoor or Malaika Arora. They look so hot in real life despite being mothers.''' ,'''Since I grew up in Palakkad, I am comfortable speaking both Tamil and Malayalam.''' ,'''I have always got interesting roles in Malayalam cinema.''' ,'''I love dogs and cats.''' ,'''I am keen to do quality films; it is not quantity that I am looking at.''' ,'''Moreover, there is nothing wrong in wearing a bikini or other skimpy attires, as many of my predecessors have set a trend in it.''' ,'''I don't think a heroine-oriented film has the capacity to pull an audience like a hero-oriented film in any film industry.''' ,'''Variety of characters and themes bring out the best in me.''' ,'''When I'm in Hyderabad I love going to the multiplexes to watch movies or party with friends, but that's after I've grown to love this city. When I first came here I thought 'Aiyyo why in the world did I land here!'''' ,'''Shah Rukh is a chilled-out person and down to earth.''' ,'''One has to be professional when it comes to work.''' ,'''Female actors' contribution to films are at par with male actors. So just because they signed the film, they can't be taken for granted.''' ,'''I am comfortable with all four South Indian languages.''' ,'''The Malayalam industry is down to earth and instantly recognizes talent.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong in sporting a bikini. If the director wants to shoot you in a pool, you cannot be wearing denims or a saree - you need to be dressed accordingly to the situation.''' ,'''Sometimes in the mainstream movies, a character who is from the South is portrayed by a person who looks like a South Indian but speaks in fake accent.''' ,'''My dad often jokes that I enjoy attention. But then who doesn't.''' ,'''I did some glamorous roles and even wore a bikini in the Telugu film 'Drona,' but the audience was aghast. Some said, 'Please don't ever wear a bikini again!'''' ,'''I wish I don't tan. I dread the thought of shooting on the beach.''' ,'''It would be interesting to explore an opportunity if Hindi filmmakers think I can fit into any character in a film.''' ,'''I wanted people to know I could play a glamorous role too.''' ,'''Every second or third day I'm getting calls from people with new projects, asking me to listen to stories. But I don't want to do just any other project. There should be some zing to it; something new.''' ,'''I believe in voicing out your opinions.''' ,'''I have dubbed in all the three languages - Hindi, Tamil and Telugu.''' ,'''It is always great working with friends.''' ,'''I have been getting some offers of films. But more than films, I have been getting offers for serials which I have obviously declined.''' ,'''I am not into the number games but wish to do meaningful roles.''' ,'''I am a huge fan of Prabhu and Karthik and have seen their films.''' ,'''You need to see what kind of offers come your way. Just because it is Bollywood, doesn't mean that you have to take it.''' ,'''My pay packet is reasonable. But I prefer doing films where I have a meaty role. The set-up of the film and the filmmaker also matter to me. For me those are vital issues that help me decide on a film. You never sign a film only for money.''' ,'''There is so much bloodshed and action packed into our films these days. Pretty women provide the much-needed respite to the masses from the melee of non-stop action.''' ,'''I knew 'Rakta Charitra' would be a story between two men, Suriya and Vivek Oberoi. I had no problem when Ram Gopal Varma told me that I had only a small role as Suriya's wife who is supportive of his decisions.''' ,'''I want to do a full on comedy, like Rohit Shetty's 'Golmaal' series.''' ,'''My life and career can be divided into pre- and post- 'Paruthiveeran.'''' ,'''I was labelled a jinx. No one wanted to work with me. I was home for about six to eight months without any films. I did modeling. In fact, at one point, I contemplated quitting films. That's when director Ameer called me for 'Paruthiveeran' and I cannot thank him enough for it.''' ,'''I started down South, that's where my heart is. But I'm open to exploring Bollywood.''' ,'''For an actress, the choices are more if one is open to the idea of doing films in different languages.''' ,'''Since my childhood, I have been watching Telugu films. It was always my dream to make it big here.''' ,'''The tag of a 'National Award winner' earned me a lot of respect from a lot of people. I like that in a way.''' ,'''Actors like Anushka Shetty, Nayanthara, Samantha Akkineni are great examples to look up to.''' ,'''I've worked with the likes of Ram Gopal Varma in 'Rakhta Charitra' and Mani Ratman in 'Raavan' - both these films released in Hindi as well. You need to have something substantial to make a mark in Bollywood and these movies gave me strong characters.''' ,'''Fans are always going out of their way and doing so much, be it my birthday or any festival or occasion or most of the time nothing at all and there couldn't be a better way than connecting with them personally and giving them access to my world.''' ,'''No doubt an actress has to do varied roles. But I don't want myself to be typecast as an actress who can only do off-beat ventures.''' ,'''I'm not willing to do heroine-centric films back-to-back.''' ,'''I don't think I can marry a person who I don't know; I can't imagine spending the rest of my life with him. I rather get to know the person first and then decide, instead of saying yes first and regretting it later.''' ,'''If something nice comes my way, I will take it up. It has to be something substantial. I am not saying that I have to do films like 'The Dirty Picture' or 'Kahaani.' It could be something commercial as well.''' ,'''I love olan a lot.''' ,'''Somewhere down the line, I want to do masala films too.''' ,'''I am delighted to have won a place in both Tamil and Telugu film industry.''' ,'''I dubbed for the first time in 'Ko Ko' and I found it good as I finished it in three days.''' ,'''I'm not finding fault or blaming the industry, but the heroes have always dominated the film industry.''' ,'''The audience simply don't find a heroine picking a fight with 10 guys as convincing as a hero. So the industry always sticks to psychological thrillers and ghost movies for heroine-oriented projects and this can sustain only for a short time.''' ,'''Being a homosexual is not at all a crime.''' ,'''I have played mother many times in south films. And I really have no problem with it.''' ,'''I am lucky that I am part of a prestigious project like Raavan.''' ,'''It is gut instinct that guides me when I say yes to a film.''' ,'''In South India, the audience is more traditional than the Bollywood cine-goers.''' ,''''Chandi' was received well and my performance was particularly appreciated.''' ,'''Of course, Malayalam has a slightly different way of working because here at least if the movie is good, it gets some mileage by word of mouth even if you don't have big heroes.''' ,'''I could even do an Oriya film if the role excites me.''' ,'''I'm waiting for the 'Paruthiveeran' kind of roles.''' ,]
+++