+++
author = "Haylie Duff"
title = "Haylie Duff Quotes"
quotes_len = "40"
description = "the best 40 Haylie Duff Quotes"
keywords = "haylie duff,haylie duff quotes,haylie duff quote,haylie duff sayings,haylie duff saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm not a trained chef. I'm a self-taught cook, and I want people to be like, 'Yo, I could do that! Maybe I didn't think to or maybe it seemed harder than it really is.'''' ,'''With theater, you have to really be able to listen and to respond to other people on stage. You're all constantly on your toes. And then with film and television, you can get a second take and things like that.''' ,'''Most of our traditions revolved around the kitchen, and the thing that stands out to me is my mom makes Turducken. Most people think it's some kind of great myth in the world, but my mom makes it.''' ,'''I guess I would be most grateful for my family and my friends and my dogs, my boyfriend. I'm grateful for a lot. I'm grateful to be healthy.''' ,'''There's this very intense pressure to look like you didn't have a baby two days after you had a baby.''' ,'''It's funny: everybody is going to have a little bit of different point of views when it comes to parenting.''' ,'''I try to stay away from too many reality shows. I catch the 'Housewives,' but they tend to give me a little anxiety.''' ,'''We had a ranch, growing up, that we used to spend a lot of time at. I guess anything from the ranch house would probably be some of my favorite childhood memories.''' ,'''I grew up in a household where we cooked all the time. My mom cooked all the time; my dad cooked. My grandmothers cooked. I have memories of sitting on the counter and snapping green beans with my grandmother.''' ,'''My mom, ever since we were little girls, has really always rallied us together - my sister, our friends - to instill in us the fact that other people don't have what we have, so we have to be really thankful for things.''' ,'''I am a Christian, but I also don't really see myself as a religious person. I see myself as more of a spiritual person.''' ,'''I like making stories and characters that people can relate to. I also like giving the audience a departure from whatever they're thinking about in their life and enjoying a show or a movie.''' ,'''I'm so grateful every single day for 'Real Girl's Kitchen.'''' ,'''I grew up in Texas, and I think anybody who grows up in the Midwest or in the South, it's just a different way of life.''' ,'''I used to have a BlackBerry. E-mail and text messaging and all those things that make life so much easier now.''' ,'''I'm OK with messing up sometimes and not getting everything perfect - and there's something really relatable there for people that aren't so seasoned in the kitchen.''' ,'''My advice to moms that have to go to work is to just be easy on yourself and know that you're doing the best you can.''' ,'''I was always a huge fan of Nora Ephron.''' ,'''When I was a kid - and I don't know why, it's the most random thing - I wanted to be a speech therapist for little kids. I knew I wanted to do something with kids.''' ,'''We were never the family that ordered pizza, and my mom never came home with a bucket of fried chicken. My mom always made home-cooked meals. We always sat down at the dinner table as a family.''' ,'''My mom was probably the biggest influence. She cooked dinner every night. We sat around the table every night. It was a very traditional family.''' ,'''I love the idea of farm to table and farmer's markets. I enjoy a meal more if I know I'm eating something that's good quality and good for me.''' ,'''In my actual life, a food adventure is my favorite thing to do.''' ,'''The truth is, the reason why a party is fun is because you are enjoying the people you are with. It doest have much to do with the decor or what you wear... It's really just about being with each other and spending special time together.''' ,'''I love kale.''' ,'''It's so easy to grow in the ground! It's truly the easiest thing to grow. You can bring kale to you.''' ,'''The best advice for building up confidence in the kitchen - start small. Don't go after the super intense Julia Child coq au vin recipe. Pick something simple and tackle it.''' ,'''There are things that I do agree with in Christianity and things that I don't agree with. I'm not a regular churchgoer, but I do think that I have my own beliefs that I feel strongly about.''' ,'''I think the first thing you should learn is how to roast a chicken. Once you can roast a chicken, you can pretty much figure out anything else. And who doesn't like roasted chicken? It's a classic.''' ,'''I love cookbooks. I collect them.''' ,'''There isn't a clear-cut way to be a parent. We will all make mistakes.''' ,'''I love learning how to make new dishes.''' ,'''I love to cook. It is a simple pastime.''' ,'''I think that any moms that leave, even for the day at work, and come home every night will tell you that it's not easy.''' ,'''I was 12 when I got a small part in a movie in Texas. And in my spare time, I play with my dogs and write music and go out with my friends.''' ,'''My sister and I - growing up, it was just the two of us, so we love that we're getting a big family and, you know, lots to be grateful for.''' ,'''One thing I've told people with the holidays, cooking in particular - don't make something that stresses you out. If there's something you're intimidated to make, maybe just don't make it.''' ,'''The ultimate gathering when I was younger would be an over-the-top Christmas party. Now, ugh, it's so sad... as I'm getting older, I kind of look forward to more intimate, really nice dinners.''' ,'''It's funny the way life works. Sometimes you go around in a weird path to find out exactly what it is that you love to do, and I'm happy that I've sort of discovered something that makes me really happy.''' ,'''I have a very small group of friends that I've had - the three of them - for the majority of my life.''' ,]
+++