+++
author = "Julio Jones"
title = "Julio Jones Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Julio Jones Quotes"
keywords = "julio jones,julio jones quotes,julio jones quote,julio jones sayings,julio jones saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We can't get bored. We have to prepare like we're playing the best team in the NFL.''' ,'''I'm never frustrated. I create a stress-free environment. Everything I do, I'm never stressed about nothing. I'm mentally strong. I never let anything get to me. I just think stuff through. I'm a deep thinker.''' ,'''I feel like if you have the time to give somebody, listen to their problems.''' ,'''You can never play a perfect game.''' ,'''I have great relationships with a lot of guys around the league.''' ,'''I just try to work on me and make the game fun.''' ,'''I like Quintorris. It means 'Gladiator.'''' ,'''As far as practice, I get those mental reps. I don't have to physically be out there. It's just a mindset and a mentality.''' ,'''So many people are going to always remember what you do and how you make them feel instead of you telling them this and telling them that. That's why I like to go out and show the work ethic and how I am as a teammate. That's how you become great.''' ,'''For me, a lot of people don't even challenge me at the line. If a guy were to come up and challenge me, I'm down for it.''' ,'''The player I am, if I drop a ball, keep throwing it.''' ,'''Just every year, every day, I just try to better myself. What can I do better to make it easier for me and my teammates?''' ,'''I mean like for me to be at my best, I have a routine. So I need to go to sleep - I need to eat and I need to go to bed.''' ,'''I don't have an offseason workout regimen. I don't lift weights. I don't run. I don't do anything. I let my body rest. I just eat good. I actually eat great.''' ,'''I don't fault anyone for stepping away from the game.''' ,'''I don't get like when people say Josh Norman is tough. Don't get me wrong, he's a good player.''' ,'''With social media, there are no facts behind it. People hear something, and they just run with it. And things get spread, good or bad.''' ,'''I was usually a water type of guy. But Vita Coco is good for hydration as well.''' ,'''I've had a lot of success by myself, but it's not good when you can't go and accomplish things as a team and have success as a team.''' ,'''I'm not going to put myself in a situation to hurt the team.''' ,'''You've got to take care of yourself, man. There's a lot of stuff going around here nowadays with cancer and hormones and things like that they're putting in a lot of foods. You've got to be real careful and stay as healthy as possible.''' ,'''When you step on the field, you should feel that you're the best, you and whoever your partner is.''' ,'''I've been dealing with injuries my whole life, so it takes a different type of guy to go out there and play injured and know something's wrong.''' ,'''Like I said, I'm a professional; I don't want to hurt myself nor the team.''' ,'''I've had a lot of success by myself, but it's not good when you can't go accomplish things as a team.''' ,'''We practice throughout the week throwing jump balls, throwing fades, throwing all these little things. But when the game comes, you never know what's going to come up.''' ,'''One play don't define a game.''' ,'''I got to go out there and make plays when they are presented to me.''' ,'''You're going to be successful or you're not going to be successful. You have to handle success and not being successful in the same way.''' ,'''My mother has always supported me through life and football. She pushes me to get better and is my biggest fan on and off the field.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I just want to win football games.''' ,'''I was going to go to Auburn but I just didn't like Auburn. They left a bad taste in my mouth.''' ,'''Whatever the defense gives us, we're going to take it.''' ,'''You've got to go out there and play the game the way it's supposed to be played. Then you get people to like you and appreciate your work by just going out there and competing every down. Jerry Rice was looked at in that perspective. He went out there and was a hard-working guy. He was going to give it his all.''' ,'''I feel like I am the best receiver in the league.''' ,'''I'm always willing to learn.''' ,'''I have no weaknesses. I have no weaknesses at all.''' ,'''I wish they could do away with the franchise tag.''' ,'''We gotta execute, and our guys have to be on the same page and play 100 percent.''' ,'''You just want to live a life after football. You want to be able to walk around.''' ,'''The biggest challenge for me was all the rumors you heard before you get to the NFL. You know, just hearing guys won't help you. They'll turn your back on you, they'll tell you the wrong plays, everything like that.''' ,'''You're going to get little nagging injuries here and there from the game.''' ,'''I don't need preseason to get ready.''' ,'''I don't think about yardage.''' ,'''I don't watch football like outside of football, really.''' ,'''It's one of those things when you're down in the red area, a lot of teams double me. Two-man, guys sit underneath me, so I can't really slant. They have a safety kind of cheated out, as far as the fade balls and things like that. But when we get our opportunities, we've got to make people pay.''' ,'''Our main focus is to score when we get in the red zone - not field goals.''' ,'''You are always going to have critics.''' ,'''When I first got to the NFL, I didn't see no double coverage at all. I was getting single coverage. I was killing it. Then they were, 'all right, this guy can play and we have to double this guy.' Since probably like the 11th or 12th game my rookie year, I started to get double-teamed.''' ,'''I already know Cover 3, Cover 2, everything else. But it's a lot of times, defenses try to take you away and they do certain things that you wouldn't be ready for.''' ,'''Jerry Rice, he's one of the best to ever do it.''' ,'''I just kind of do my own thing. I'm not trying to be like nobody else or nothing like that. Like when I travel, everybody's like, go to Dubai, it's a new thing. I can go to Dubai, but I'm not going to just because I'm not trying to go where everybody is going.''' ,'''Ric, I feel like he hasn't changed up for no one. He's been the same since Day 1, since he was in the limelight as a pro wrestler. Even now, just his mentality and who he is: Find who you are and just be that. He's always being him. That's what I admire the most about Ric Flair.''' ,'''When you're tired, you've got to focus. Everybody can go through the motions. But you've got to focus, too, when you're tired.''' ,'''There's a lot of people in this world that definitely need leadership, and they don't know where to look for it.''' ,'''I got to go out there and catch the ball, be more of a deep threat.''' ,'''Well, for me, I don't need validation from no one to tell me what type of player I am or number to tell me throughout the year what type of player I am. It's all about your ability to go out there and just compete.''' ,'''I wouldn't be the person I am today without Roddy White. He's helped teach me how to be a man.''' ,'''I feel like I'm capable of doing anything and everything. I just got to come to work every day.''' ,'''Me, personally, I don't really care about as far as being the highest-paid receiver, man. It's a number.''' ,'''I know my teammates got me, and they know I've got them.''' ,'''I was very lucky to get drafted into the situation I came into. I could have gone somewhere where other guys would resent me because they want the ball.''' ,'''I just go out there and just do what I'm told to do.''' ,'''I promise you I'm going to make more plays than I drop.''' ,'''My thing is, going into a game, it's a team game. It's just not me.''' ,'''I'm very tough and I have a high tolerance for pain.''' ,'''All I can give is everything I got and that's it; that's all you can ask from a guy is his all.''' ,'''You should never put another man in front of you and say he's better than you.''' ,'''If anybody is considering retirement. I'm all for it. You've got to live your life. I can't live your life for you.''' ,'''I always try to work on everything. I always try to stay fine-tuned.''' ,'''You can't let games define who you are and your character as a player.''' ,'''I'm just going out there doing whatever it takes to win the game, to help my brothers out. It's not me against one other person.''' ,'''You can have all the talent in the world, but it's the ability to go out there every day and try to get better. And that's the key to being successful and being successful for a long time.''' ,'''It don't cost nothing to go out there and compete. You're either going to do it or you're not. And I'm going to compete every down, so it don't matter.''' ,'''You can't hang your head if you go out there and give it your all... If you are giving it your all, that's all you have.''' ,'''It's all about winning matchups.''' ,'''I know you can't play this game 100 percent. It's very rare that you can be able to play this game at 100 percent. You can do one thing; you can't do both: You can't pray and then worry at the same time. I pray, and that's it. And then I just go play. Whatever happens, happens.''' ,'''Every receiver should feel that he's the best. It's all about confidence.''' ,'''I'm supposed to catch everything.''' ,'''A lot of times, people need to vent to people and know that what they're telling you is not going to be shared with anyone else. Or they know you're going to give them 'the real.' Just being truthful to them when they're right, they're right, and when they're wrong, they're wrong.''' ,'''We are just going to keep putting the work in and just wait until it pays off.''' ,'''People are always going to talk down or bad about you. You can't let that stuff determine what kind of player I am going to be.''' ,'''They gave up a lot for me and they know how hard I work. They're not going to let me go. And I love Atlanta, I love being here.''' ,'''I'm going to do what I can to give back to Tuscaloosa because they've been there for me from the start.''' ,'''Every day I come to work, and I work on everything. Whether it's across the middle, in the backfield, running deep routes. Whatever the case may be.''' ,'''I'm just trying to be the best teammate.''' ,'''Everybody has to be accountable on every play. The main thing is that we have to do our job. Going through all of the keys, making sure we are making the right reads, blocking the right person and getting the right route depth. Everything.''' ,'''I try to get better every day, and I think the hard work has helped turn me into a better person and not someone who would get a big head.''' ,'''People talk about my work ethic sometimes more than my playing ability, which is nice.''' ,'''I'm a veteran guy. I know how to play the game. I know what it takes. Me missing a day of practice doesn't mean anything.''' ,'''Honey Buns, that was my go-to. I mean, when I first came into the league, I was a young kid eating everything.''' ,'''When I make catches and do things, it's routine for me because I expect those things when it's my time to shine.''' ,'''I don't eat fried stuff. I don't eat red meats. And now with stuff like sugar, I don't crave it.''' ,'''I'm not a selfish guy, I'm not a stats guy.''' ,'''It's football - you're going to get banged up.''' ,'''I've got to keep showing up every day and putting in work.''' ,'''I could do whatever I put my mind to.''' ,'''Me, I'm coming to work, I'm practicing hard every day, I'm eating right, I'm getting the proper sleep, I'm getting the proper rest, everything, I'm giving you all I have. I'm not going to pout if we lose. Yeah, I'm upset I lost, but it's not going to be to that degree like I'm cussing, get away from me, this and that.''' ,'''I'm just trying to play. My thing is to play ball.''' ,'''Sometimes a guy is going to get you here and there, you compete. He is getting paid just like you're getting paid, and he is a competitor just like you are. But if a guy can just stop me a whole game by himself, and I can't do nothing about it or I'm fatiguing or I'm not strong throughout the whole game, then it's time for me to hang them up.''' ,]
+++