+++
author = "Aubrey Peeples"
title = "Aubrey Peeples Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Aubrey Peeples Quotes"
keywords = "aubrey peeples,aubrey peeples quotes,aubrey peeples quote,aubrey peeples sayings,aubrey peeples saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have been told I say 'shucks' quite frequently... Shucks, I'll have to work on that.''' ,'''When I was 4, my parents took me to see a musical, and I was like, 'I want to do that!' I started doing all sorts of musical camps and a lot of professional theater. I took dance classes for 10 years, too - I was never the most amazing kid in the other classes, but tap stuck with me for some reason.''' ,'''I love the rhythm of tap dancing. It's sharp and quick. Plus, the sound is very appealing.''' ,'''I hate bacon. And sunshine, as my friends like to point out.''' ,'''I was a '90s kid, so I missed 'Jem and the Holograms.' But once I delved into the whole world of it, I realized it's iconic. There's incredible dancing in the movie, too.''' ,'''I'm so fascinated by YouTube culture. I have no idea how it's working, but more and more people are becoming Internet famous, and it is because it allows you to have an atmosphere in which you feel comfortable to be yourself, which you might not get otherwise.''' ,'''I started keeping track of my pet peeves and so far have counted over 160... but to pick one: muffins. They're imposters. They think they're breakfast food, but really, they are just terrible cupcakes.''' ,'''With any entertainment business, you sort of have to be OK with just going with it. I've learned very much to just go with the flow and see what happens with my life, and what happens happens.''' ,'''I really want to go to Harvard; it's just a matter of timing.''' ,'''My first role was in the George Gershwin musical 'Crazy for You' at the Orlando Repertory Theatre when I was 11 - I grew up in Florida - and I wasn't old enough to be in it, but they let me anyway. I was just this little shrimp in a leotard.''' ,'''It's about learning what's important and what's not important, and at the end of the day, what size you are does not matter at all. I don't have time to worry about that stuff; I'm going to be healthy.''' ,'''Mostly, I just like to write music and spend time with my family and friends and jam.''' ,'''There are a lot of pros and cons about social media; it's just how you choose to handle it and how you have to be prepared for the negatives as well.''' ,'''I think every role you do prepares you for the next one. Of course, 'Nashville' has been, and will continue to be, a huge learning experience for me as an actor. It's something that I grew a lot doing.''' ,'''I think the first CD I actually went into a store to pick out myself was a Good Charlotte album... I went through a tomboy punk phase in the fourth grade.''' ,]
+++