+++
author = "Lindsey Horan"
title = "Lindsey Horan Quotes"
quotes_len = "60"
description = "the best 60 Lindsey Horan Quotes"
keywords = "lindsey horan,lindsey horan quotes,lindsey horan quote,lindsey horan sayings,lindsey horan saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It took me a year to make the decision to go pro and skip college and give up that.''' ,'''I think I'm at my best when I'm on the ball, I'm feeling the game, I feel free, and I'm setting the tone for the game.''' ,'''I was thrown into a position where I had to learn a new language, become professional and not be just that child anymore coming into a team. I was able to learn from players that were so experienced at such a high level. You can't get that anywhere else. Nothing against college, but you can't get that in college.''' ,'''Your dreams are your dreams. Sometimes they don't make sense to other people.''' ,'''Covid time was not a fun time, I'll say that much. There was probably a week and a half there that was pretty miserable. And obviously I wouldn't want anyone to have to go through that.''' ,'''Putting me into training sessions playing against players that were 10 years older, that were way more experienced and, honestly, way better, it was a big shock for me.''' ,'''Any player can make their situation good for them.''' ,'''I know I am good in the air and good around the box.''' ,'''I don't really like school. It's really not my thing. I was barely there when I was in high school because I traveled so much. When I put effort into it, I can deal with it. But soccer was my main priority. That can sound bad, but it was.''' ,'''I'd dreamt of playing professionally since I was 15, that's the route I took.''' ,'''Honestly, I've just been trying to improve all parts of my game, and a statistic is just a statistic.''' ,'''Playing three games in seven or eight days is very tough.''' ,'''You find your path and do whatever's best for you.''' ,'''I've gained a lot of experience playing with some of the top players in the world from different countries.''' ,'''I really counted on my technical ability and my passing for everything. Then once you got to bigger stages and the professional level, you can get shoved off the ball and you need to be fit and you need to be at your top level at all times.''' ,'''Every game is different.''' ,'''I love scoring goals.''' ,'''Socially, I'm fine, and academically, I'm doing OK too.''' ,'''On the field, I got to play with some of the best players in the world, from Germany, Sweden, France - I can name five more countries.''' ,'''It is my position to get on the ball as much as I can and I just try to find the game as much as I can as well.''' ,'''It's hard to wrap your mind around what the Challenge Cup was and I think once we did that it was incredible and I think everyone was bought in.''' ,'''I wish I could say that I saw Barcelona playing on TV and fell in love with football instantly, but I'm from Colorado and Fox Soccer Channel was pretty expensive.''' ,'''I went through a lot.''' ,'''It's always physical in the NWSL - that's why this is such a demanding league and we know that.''' ,'''I think I generally go to Paris more when I have people come and visit.''' ,'''I think every single day, I can be doing more or learning something new.''' ,'''To score a goal in front of my family and so many U.S. fans in the World Cup was just absolutely incredible.''' ,'''I had low points. I think any athlete has those.''' ,'''The World Cup is the biggest stage for football in general.''' ,'''France was probably the best thing for me. All the things I took away from it and learned from it.''' ,'''There's just been so many difficult times. I always remember that this is the game I fell in love with.''' ,'''I always want to be grateful for what I have.''' ,'''Hopefully it grows, hopefully we get more teams, and more people buy into us and realize how important it is for the women's game - and that our NWSL gets better and better so we can get better for our national team.''' ,'''I've missed proms and things like that, but I didn't really care much about that.''' ,'''Sometimes I get really behind on my school work but I try to keep up as much as I can.''' ,'''My mentality is to get in and around the box as much as I possibly can and be more impactful in those areas where I think I can make a difference.''' ,'''I know it's kind of cliche to say Messi is your hero, but it was special for me because I was training with our boys' team a lot in order to push myself. I was really inspired by the way Messi could still control a game despite being the smallest person on the pitch.''' ,'''Watching football is such an underrated thing to help you grow as a player.''' ,'''I was a No. 9 for so long and that's what I knew. And I think, me as an attacking midfielder, or any kind of midfielder, I should be in and around the box and have that mindset that I'm going to score and help my team as much as possible.''' ,'''Everything started with my mom. When I was five, she asked me if I wanted to sign up for soccer, but I had some pretty wild contract demands. 'I'll only play if you're my coach.' So my mom went to the library and brought home a bunch of books on how to coach soccer, and that was it. She was my first manager.''' ,'''I never want to be content with where I'm at.''' ,'''Whether we're up 2-0 early in the second half, or we're up 1-0 with 10 minutes left in the game, my mind-set is the same when I come in the game. It's to help keep that lead, whatever way I can.''' ,'''Everyone knows who Abby Wambach is.''' ,'''I was always a goal scorer in my youth career, that was one of my strengths.''' ,'''This is something I've wanted to do my whole life, to play in a World Cup, to play in a World Cup final and win the World Cup.''' ,'''It's very hard to watch your team and not be there, but it's also cool in a different way. You get to watch them from a different perspective and you see everything and you get to analyze the game.''' ,'''I love playing for the Thorns.''' ,'''If you're a football player, you can play anywhere.''' ,'''One of the coolest things is going to another country and learning their culture and learning how to be a grownup.''' ,'''If I went to UNC, I'm sure I would find a way to make myself better, make things harder, challenge myself. It's what the player puts into it.''' ,'''I had a lot of tough times.''' ,'''My whole life, my strength was my technical ability and my vision and being able to see certain things on the field.''' ,'''Coming from my past experiences, I've been the player who used to worry all the time, and I'd get so nervous and frantic when I was young.''' ,'''I think going overseas and experiencing a whole new culture is something you can't learn anywhere else.''' ,'''The first few touches of the game, that's kind of like setting the precedent for me.''' ,'''I just kick the ball against the cement wall and work on my touches and juggling.''' ,'''You see it for the men's World Cup, fans traveling everywhere to come support their teams.''' ,'''I got to learn the French tactical way and then learn from all these players who've been on the world stage for so long.''' ,'''I miss a lot about Paris. After three and a half years, you get a little sick of it, and you just want to be home. But there are little things, sights. Like seeing the Eiffel Tower every day, that's kind of cool.''' ,'''It would be cool to win a World Cup, and I think it would be good for my career as well.''' ,]
+++