+++
author = "Rob Page"
title = "Rob Page Quotes"
quotes_len = "51"
description = "the best 51 Rob Page Quotes"
keywords = "rob page,rob page quotes,rob page quote,rob page sayings,rob page saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's about finding a way to win.''' ,'''After the match I made a comment, when speaking to our local media, about the game being a case of 'men against girls.' I immediately realized that this comment was totally unacceptable. No offense was meant by it and I apologize if any was caused.''' ,'''I've got a great coaching staff behind me too and they deserve a lot of credit.''' ,'''I don't care what level you play at, when you've got pace and the level of attacking intent you're going to make an impact.''' ,'''I left the valleys at 16 years old to go and pursue a career.''' ,'''There's a plan we have for Gareth, no different to any other player. We have a template in place for any player.''' ,'''Look at Joe Morrell's performance against France. He was like 'give me the ball,' he wanted to be the best player on the pitch.''' ,'''Let's get people the minutes they need and we're going to pick the team that's going to give us the best chance to win a game of football.''' ,'''It's not just about goals and assists. It's everything else that comes with.''' ,'''Honestly, I've never seen anybody run so much as Connor Roberts.''' ,'''I'm the luckiest Welshman.''' ,'''We've all got a job to do, we all want to win games of football.''' ,'''The older you get, you do lose a little bit of sharpness. I experienced that myself as a player.''' ,'''If you're winning games of football and you're playing well, why would you change?''' ,'''I want to be successful in football.''' ,'''I'm from Tylorstown in the valleys and to play for your country is a great honor.''' ,'''We've had a taste of tournament football now and we want more of it.''' ,'''I just think when you have success playing a certain way and formation, you are asking for more problems by changing it.''' ,'''We're going to pick a team that will go out there and give absolutely everything for Wales.''' ,'''I am really excited for Brooksy. Some of the things he does in training just puts a smile on your face and I want the supporters to see that. It's been a frustrating couple of years for him. But having a fit David Brooks is beneficial to us and we will get him on the grass as much as we can.''' ,'''We've got a lot of players not playing domestic football week in, week out. What is it? Is it the crest on their chest that makes them raise their game? It must be. It's playing for Wales. It's powerful and everybody would walk on broken glass to get into this squad.''' ,'''Everybody's going to make mistakes, everybody's going to miss chances.''' ,'''Nobody can rest on what they've done before.''' ,'''It's all about the chairman, listening to what he wants to do with the football club on and off the pitch.''' ,'''It's good to have a fully-fit Gareth Bale involved in the squad.''' ,'''I have managed at League Two and League One level and then went to Nottingham Forest for a short time as assistant when Gary Brazil was caretaker before going into the Wales U21 job and I have now been involved for four years.''' ,'''Micky Adams took me in initially as youth coach and I'll always be grateful to Port Vale giving me my first chance to manage.''' ,'''I'll just continue doing what I'm doing until I'm told otherwise.''' ,'''Qualifying for a major tournament is something that we need to do. You want your best players around you to be able to do that.''' ,'''There's more to Gareth's game than scoring goals, he's brought a lot to the changing room.''' ,'''I had been at Vale for five years.''' ,'''Sometimes you get the rub of the green, sometimes you don't.''' ,'''I've been a club manager myself and know the demands and, from a selfish point of view, you want your players to be fit every week.''' ,'''If players are pleased to come off the pitch, that says they are not interested and don't want to be on there.''' ,'''Covid makes the job harder. But it is what it is and we have to get on with it.''' ,'''It's not just about scoring goals, it's about being a team player and setting goals up.''' ,'''We made sure that Ian Gwyn Hughes from the media department gave a speech about the anthem. We translated it into English, what the meaning of it is and it is very powerful.''' ,'''It's elite sport and elite preparation for games.''' ,'''The Czech Republic are in good form and are always tough opposition.''' ,'''We've got one of the best medical teams in the country and we trust in what they do is in the best interest of the players to get them fit. They're not going to undo any work that's been done at club level, and that's irrespective if you're Gareth Bale or whoever.''' ,'''Ben Davies and all the lads that haven't played many minutes, we have to manage their minutes. You can't expect those players to go straight into playing France for 90 minutes without having repercussions. It's common sense.''' ,'''We have to show every team, whether it's Estonia, Belarus or Belgium, the same respect.''' ,'''And it's important that when you're dual-nationality, you're with a group of lads that you enjoy being with.''' ,'''Don't underestimate the character of a Welshman.''' ,'''If we have to dig a trench and put our tin hats on at times we will do it and we proved we can do that as well as play.''' ,'''It is not about keeping individuals happy - at times you have to make difficult decisions.''' ,'''People are knocking on my door, saying they deserve a chance and when you do, do your talking out there. Actions speak louder than words.''' ,'''You don't go from being friends and work colleagues, working in a close environment, to then not speaking.''' ,'''It's always a good sign when you win games of football and you haven't been at your best.''' ,'''My focus is solely on Wales. There's a lot of work to be done.''' ,'''I've been a club manager myself, albeit I didn't have too many players leave for international duty.''' ,]
+++