+++
author = "Billie Holiday"
title = "Billie Holiday Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Billie Holiday Quotes"
keywords = "billie holiday,billie holiday quotes,billie holiday quote,billie holiday sayings,billie holiday saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Singing songs like 'The Man I Love' or 'Porgy' is no more work than sitting down and eating Chinese roast duck, and I love roast duck.''' ,'''I never had a chance to play with dolls like other kids. I started working when I was six years old.''' ,'''You can't copy anybody and end with anything. If you copy, it means you're working without any real feeling.''' ,'''There's no damn business like show business - you have to smile to keep from throwing up.''' ,'''Don't threaten me with love, baby. Let's just go walking in the rain.''' ,'''They think they can make fuel from horse manure - now, I don't know if your car will be able to get 30 miles to the gallon, but it's sure gonna put a stop to siphoning.''' ,'''If I don't have friends, then I ain't got nothing.''' ,'''Somebody once said we never know what is enough until we know what's more than enough.''' ,'''People don't understand the kind of fight it takes to record what you want to record the way you want to record it.''' ,'''If I'm going to sing like someone else, then I don't need to sing at all.''' ,'''In this country, don't forget, a habit is no damn private hell. There's no solitary confinement outside of jail. A habit is hell for those you love. And in this country it's the worst kind of hell for those who love you.''' ,'''I hate straight singing. I have to change a tune to my own way of doing it. That's all I know.''' ,'''No two people on earth are alike, and it's got to be that way in music or it isn't music.''' ,'''I don't think I missed a single picture Billie Dove ever made. I was crazy for her. I tried to do my hair like her, and eventually, I borrowed her name.''' ,'''One day a whole damn song fell into place in my head.''' ,'''A kiss that is never tasted, is forever and ever wasted.''' ,'''I never hurt nobody but myself and that's nobody's business but my own.''' ,'''I'm always making a comeback but nobody ever tells me where I've been.''' ,'''Love is like a faucet, it turns off and on.''' ,'''Sometimes it's worse to win a fight than to lose.''' ,'''Mom and Pop were just a couple of kids when they got married. He was eighteen, she was sixteen and I was three.''' ,'''You've got to have something to eat and a little love in your life before you can hold still for any damn body's sermon on how to behave.''' ,]
+++