+++
author = "Elizabeth Berg"
title = "Elizabeth Berg Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Elizabeth Berg Quotes"
keywords = "elizabeth berg,elizabeth berg quotes,elizabeth berg quote,elizabeth berg sayings,elizabeth berg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have always believed in helping people whose work I admire.''' ,'''I think conflict is one of the things that makes for a good story.''' ,'''My mom used to keep all her Christmas cards in a basket bedecked with red ribbon, and I loved to look at them all and read all the letters.''' ,'''If I could say anything to aspiring writers, it's to keep your own counsel, first and foremost.''' ,'''Ideas come from life: what happens in mine, what I see happening in others', mixed with a great deal of imagination. I might see a person in a grocery store and build a whole character and life out of what's in her basket.''' ,'''It is one thing to see your friend dance around a table when she's 25, quite another thing to see her doing it when she's 62.''' ,'''Sometimes the best reading comes just by accident. Someone talks about a book, or you're just wandering the stacks in the library, and you find a book that you love.''' ,'''I'm the kind of person who is entertained watching someone simply be themselves, whether they're putting their children to bed or making dinner or sitting at the table reading the morning newspaper.''' ,'''Everybody knows the mother-daughter relationship is one of the most complex there is.''' ,'''My characters are like my children in a way. I create them, and then I worry about them forevermore.''' ,'''I'm nuts about the South - the people, the language, the food, the land, the stories and writers that come from there - but it's hard to know whether I'll use it as a location again.''' ,'''People see 'tradition' as something stultifying, old, and rigid, nothing that has meaning or application for us today. But families shouldn't have to follow the blueprint of the old. They can make family traditions out of whatever makes them feel comfortable and helps bring a sense of order and stability to their lives.''' ,'''I can't decide if I'm a hippie or elegant older woman, a farmer's wife, a crazy person.''' ,'''It is true that all mothers do things differently from their own mothers, but they don't necessarily do them better.''' ,'''Some people read an interesting or provocative newspaper article, and that's the end of that. A writer reads such an article, and her imagination gets fired up. Questions occur to her. She might feel an urge to finish the story that the article suggests.''' ,'''Really, my sacred place is my study where there are books that I love and things that people have given me.''' ,'''The friends in my real life do tend to be smart and funny and creative. I am lucky!''' ,'''If I could visit dead authors, I'd head right over to E. B. White, though I'm so in awe of him I'd probably just sit at his feet and weep. He's the master of clarity, of understated humor, of palatable political conviction.''' ,'''No matter what kind of writing you do, it's always the details that make the story.''' ,'''When I look at my own work, I see love, loss, and loneliness. Part of it might be that I was an army brat. I moved around all the time. There was a sense of nothing being permanent.''' ,'''The process is different for every book, but there are similarities. I always draw from the inside out. I don't plot them ahead of time, and I'm always surprised by things that happen in my books.''' ,'''If I'm on the road for Random House, I'm presenting a book with the hope people will buy it.''' ,'''No, I never thought that I would be a writer. I had always been told I could write well, but it never occurred to me that I might make my living that way.''' ,'''Nurses don't get paid very much. It didn't take long to realize that I could make more as a writer. I loved nursing, but I loved writing more.''' ,'''Writing is, of course, a solitary occupation. But for many writers, myself included, it's through writing that we make certain vital connections.''' ,'''I've been to Iowa many times before. You have to love Iowa, or you're not an American.''' ,'''As for the notion that everything has already been said, maybe it has, but life is like meatloaf: there are so many different ways to present it.''' ,'''I loved the 'Three Stooges.' I still do - nyuk, nyuk.''' ,'''One of the great pleasures in writing 'The Dream Lover' was learning about some of the real people who populated George Sand's life. What a cast of characters! And what a pleasure to recreate them upon the page!''' ,'''Every book is its own experience, the writing of it.''' ,'''I remember, as a child, wanting all the time to buy my parents presents. I stood around forlornly in fancy shops, unable to afford a single thing.''' ,'''I tend not to write books that are really, really long, and I'm also a pretty fast writer.''' ,'''Ultimately, the less I know about what I'm doing, the better the work is.''' ,'''I suppose writing nonfiction did prepare me for writing fiction. Whenever you write anything, you're honing your skills for writing anything else.''' ,'''People don't take you seriously, so you have to take yourself seriously.''' ,'''I hope to show the great worth of women. So far as I'm concerned, we're still underappreciated.''' ,'''When I wrote 'Home Safe,' I wanted to look at a number of things: the mystery and joy and pain of creativity. What happens when a vital safety net is suddenly removed. The difficulty some people have in growing up. The way a deep love can be as crippling as it is satisfying. But mostly, I wanted to look at the mother-daughter relationship.''' ,'''I never meant to write about the experience of losing a good friend to breast cancer when I was going through it. But after it was over, I realized that although something deeply sad had happened, something truly beautiful also had.''' ,'''Whenever I write a novel, most of the time it starts with barest slip of an idea.''' ,'''We're not just writers; we're readers probably more than anything else. That's how you learn how to write and how you learn to appreciate good writing: by reading.''' ,'''It feels like my books come true. I write these things, and then they kind of end up happening. I wasn't divorced, for example, when I wrote a book about divorce.''' ,'''My favorite splurge is homemade chocolate cake and vanilla ice cream or a Sausage McMuffin with egg or scalloped potatoes or turkey yanked right off the carcass and dipped in gravy or See's chocolate.''' ,'''Life is so fragile, so brief. And we seemingly work so hard at trying to ignore that.''' ,'''The process of writing and creating and answering that very unique call inside yourself has nothing to do with agents and sales and all that stuff.''' ,'''Never try to copy other writers, and never try to have a formula. It has to come from your heart and soul.''' ,'''When I write a book, I don't have an idea of what I'm doing. I just go where it leads.''' ,'''Writers have a reputation for being distracted. That's because writers are distracted. They are always tuned into that other voice, the one in their head that rarely turns off.''' ,'''I like my house to feel like a place where I can just lie back and say, 'Ahhhhh, I'm home.'''' ,'''I never was a big believer that you can teach writing per se.''' ,'''I think the most important quality for a writer to have is empathy.''' ,'''I don't have a medicine cabinet.''' ,'''Elvis is symbolic of a lot of things, dreams coming true being one of them.''' ,'''As for my 'real life,' yes, I do have friends who are different from me, and I find it refreshing being around them.''' ,'''I just cannot stand an unmade bed.''' ,'''I love libraries, as anyone who has a brain does.''' ,'''I think Chicago is the best city in the country, hands down, but I don't like the winter there anymore.''' ,'''In writing a novel about George Sand, I hoped to present her as the talented, beguiling, complicated and occasionally infuriating woman I think she was, but I hope, too, that readers will enjoy the people she surrounded herself with.''' ,'''I don't really like questions about the writing process, because the truth is I don't know how I write.''' ,'''When I lived alone in Chicago, I had a lot of loneliness issues.''' ,'''When I lived in Boston, I had an office that I rented because I found it wonderful to go away from my house to work: It was so quiet, and I couldn't go to the refrigerator or do the laundry.''' ,'''I do think that there's an art form to parenting, and I have nothing but admiration for those who do it well.''' ,'''If there were a category in the Olympics for laundry, my mother would have been a gold-medal winner.''' ,'''Traditions insist upon themselves. Look around, and you will see them trying to exist everywhere, in everyone's life.''' ,'''I think writers are born, not made.''' ,'''When I write, I operate as a writer and a reader both - I never know what's going to happen.''' ,'''I have not been in a book club where there were any men, and I have not, in fact, heard of book groups that were mixed.''' ,'''In this wide world, I don't think that there's just one person for any of us. I think we look until we find one that feels right, and oftentimes, it works out just fine.''' ,'''It usually takes about a year to write each book. I don't plan it that way. I don't set deadlines. If a book wants to take longer, it can.''' ,'''I've always felt an overwhelming need to get out what was inside. The vehicle for me was words on paper - not speech, not art, not dance, not anything else.''' ,'''Women have a real talent for bearing up under hard times.''' ,'''For me as a writer, it's so joyful to know that someone hears and responds to what I write.''' ,'''In the most self-protective of ways, I don't think about the reader when I'm writing - I just think about the story.''' ,'''I think it's harder - much harder - to be a good parent than to write a book.''' ,'''Everybody complains about getting older, but I find it such a rich time of life. There are negative things about it, I suppose, but more than that, I'm finding it to be a very positive experience in which growth suggests itself in a much more alluring way than it did when I was young - isn't that funny?''' ,'''You should not pay too much attention to what anyone tells you, including me. It's very, very important to follow your own map.''' ,'''When you've written long enough, you see that there's a common theme in your work.''' ,'''I got married at twenty-five and had children right away, so I didn't have the worry that I would never get to have children.''' ,'''It is a happy day when I am asked to publicly recommend a book. It is also a dilemma. When I consider all the books I have loved and depended upon and profited from, how can I pick just one?''' ,'''I think titles are extremely important for novels: They can set the tone, tip you off, serve as shorthand for what the essential contents are.''' ,'''The world of literature is so rich and so enriching. The value is inestimable of what reading does for you.''' ,'''You need a place to work that works for you, and you need people to understand that when you are writing, you are doing a rarefied type of brain surgery and therefore should not be subject to a million random interruptions.''' ,'''Not being as self-contained as men, we need to share things: It's almost as though you only know what you feel about things after you share them with a woman.''' ,'''Oftentimes, I need to write about something in order to understand it.''' ,'''I find life a mix of humor and pathos, and all my books reflect that to one degree or another.''' ,'''No, I am not my mother. I am deeply, endlessly grateful for what she did and who she was, but I am a different kind of person.''' ,'''As a child, I saw my mother prepare for Christmas every year, and it never occurred to me that labor was involved. I thought it was my mother's joy and privilege to hang tinsel on the tree strand by strand, to make sure that every room in the house had a touch of Christmas, down to the Santa-themed rug and hand towels in the bathroom.''' ,'''I always wrote as a vehicle for expression but did not try writing for publication until my mid-thirties, at which time I started writing for magazines. I wrote essays and then short stories, then moved into novels.''' ,'''No matter what you write, you need an active imagination.''' ,'''I know that sometimes it happens that a novelist is embarrassed about their early works. For me, it's the opposite: I believe 'Durable Goods' is the best thing I've written.''' ,'''Writing was always a release for me, a great joy. It wasn't work.''' ,'''We're such imperfect beings. I think that's more often the case than not.''' ,'''When you have that deep kind of hunger that is part longing, what's better to eat than the best apple pie? Or the best potato salad and guacamole? Or the best deviled eggs and crab cakes and white chocolate raspberry pie?''' ,'''I love to listen to people talk, especially when they're being really honest and they're not trying to sound any particular way.''' ,'''With 'Durable Goods,' I meant only to write about being an army brat. What emerged was a story about compassion - the need for it, the expression of it.''' ,'''Traditions are the inventions of people who mean to routinely put love and comfort and meaning into their lives and in the lives of those they live with.''' ,'''As we continue to become a society of tweets, shorter and shorter messages, there's great value in the contemplation and reflection that comes from reading a long body of work.''' ,'''If I don't feel like writing on a certain day, I just go to the cafe and hang around.''' ,'''I look to find the heart and soul of people, of my characters. I look for the truth of them and the truths about life that are presented through them.''' ,'''My mother and her five sisters have always been living examples of the great love that can exist among sisters - and in a large family.''' ,'''A ritual or tradition can be as simple as something you do every night, like read a story to a small child, or something you do weekly, such as go out for Chinese food.''' ,]
+++