+++
author = "Chuck Schumer"
title = "Chuck Schumer Quotes"
quotes_len = "87"
description = "the best 87 Chuck Schumer Quotes"
keywords = "chuck schumer,chuck schumer quotes,chuck schumer quote,chuck schumer sayings,chuck schumer saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''In a brave new world, a post-September 11 world, anyone is going to make certain mistakes. The mistakes that have been made on homeland security, on protecting our Nation from another terrorist attack, are mistakes of omission. We are simply not doing enough.''' ,'''In today's competitive economy, to stand still is to die.''' ,'''The dome of the U.S. Capitol has fallen into severe disrepair... As the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, which oversees matters of the Capitol's physical plant, I have serious concerns about the consequences of omitting this funding from the stopgap spending measure.''' ,'''A devastating commentary on the war in Iraq is that we have been unable to spend money on infrastructure.''' ,'''Wall Street excesses helped lead to the Great Recession.''' ,'''Let me say this, to all of the chattering class that so much focuses on those little tiny, yes, porky amendments - the American people really don't care.''' ,'''The Tea Party is a rear guard, not a vanguard.''' ,'''Voters did say 'repeal health care', they did say 'reduce the size of government.' But not a single one of them from the tea party or anywhere said 'give tax breaks to the wealthiest.'''' ,'''Economic conservatives like immigration reform, and in fact, many of them supported the bill that John McCain and I put together in the Senate.''' ,'''Ideological warriors whether from the Left or the Right are bad news for the bench. They tend to make law, not interpret law. And that's not what any of us should want from our judges.''' ,'''On foreign policy, President Obama has kept our nation safe from terrorism and restored our standing in the world. When it comes to one of our closest allies - Israel - President Obama has been resolute.''' ,'''I believe the war on terror is the vital discussion of this decade and of our generation, probably. To win the war on terror, you need a good offense and a good defense. On defense, I regret to say, basically, this administration has not come close to doing what is necessary.''' ,'''You can set up whatever negotiations or structure you want, but until the Palestinians are willing to accept the fact, as the majority of Israelis do, that there should be two states between the Jordan and the Mediterranean, we won't have peace.''' ,'''I went to the public schools myself. And they were great for me.''' ,'''You have to show Israel that it's not going to be forced to do things it doesn't want to do and can't do.''' ,'''I think teaching should be an exalted profession, not a picked-on profession.''' ,'''The fundamental weakness in the Tea Party machine is the stark difference between what the leaders of the Tea Party elite - plutocrats like the Koch Brothers -want and what the average grassroots Tea Party follower wants.''' ,'''When Mitt Romney says he wants to reform the tax code, hold on to your wallets. We know Mitt Romney never met a tax haven he didn't like. But his new favorite tax haven is actually not the Cayman Islands - its Paul Ryan's budget.''' ,'''Reclassification is the best way to for us to preserve the Internet as an unfettered tool for communication and the sharing of ideas.''' ,'''So I want my kids to go to public schools because I think it's a better education overall.''' ,'''What the public hates the most is when they think the politicians aren't listening to them. They understand that we can't solve all their problems with a snap of our fingers, but they sure want us to try because we are public servants.''' ,'''If we are going to stay a great power and I hope and pray we will we need the truth. We need to know what is going right and we need to know what is going wrong. There is no greater time than now.''' ,'''Well, I think it's too early to call Fallujah a failure.''' ,'''The Tea Party people are ideologues. They are right, and no one can change their minds. There is no reason for compromise.''' ,'''Arafat was a barrier to peace.''' ,'''We certainly want those at the top to do well, but if you base your entire presidency and your entire economic platform on helping them do even better, you're missing what makes the economy tick. Because not everyone has been as fortunate as Mitt Romney, you cannot base your whole approach on a life experience as rarified as his.''' ,'''We are on the precipice of a crisis, a Constitutional crisis. The checks and balances, which have been at the core of this Republic, are about to be evaporated by the nuclear option. The checks and balances that say if you get 51% of the vote, you don't get your way 100% of the time. It is amazing, it's almost a temper tantrum.''' ,'''It is essential that all Americans take the time to honor and remember those individuals who gave their lives in defense of our liberty.''' ,'''But these days there are a lot of younger people who would like to go into teaching but don't because the economic opportunities are sometimes elsewhere.''' ,'''I made education the highest priority of my campaign - actually education and jobs - and the reason is a simple one: I think the future of America depends on it.''' ,'''If we say the Geneva Convention is obsolete, then what do others who have our soldiers say?''' ,'''Mitt Romney would move the Court even further right, putting landmark decisions like Roe v. Wade at risk. Some say Romney would repeat the past. I disagree - he'd be worse.''' ,'''Working with the media remains an effective and essential way to raise issues, educate the public, and prod policy-makers and corporate leaders to change for the better.''' ,'''To those like Mitt Romney who want to take us backwards, let's send a strong message in November: as we say in Brooklyn, 'Fuhgeddaboutit.'''' ,'''Mr. Snowden is a coward who has chosen to run.''' ,'''We need to make sure middle-class people are able to pay the bills. We need to make sure that poor people don't starve. Those are values, too.''' ,'''The way to lessen the grip of the Tea Party on the electoral process would be to do what a handful have done and have a primary where all voters, members of every party, can vote, and the top two vote-getters then enter a runoff.''' ,'''When someone takes a private photo, on a private cell phone, it should remain just that: private.''' ,'''To do health care was a noble, good thing, and it will help America dramatically. I don't begrudge Barack Obama choosing it, even though if I were president, I might not have.''' ,'''The Internet in the 21st Century is as important to our future as highways were in the 20th Century. Like a highway, the Internet must remain free and open for all - not determined by the highest bidders.''' ,'''America is a place where we all come together. It is a place of consensus.''' ,'''Well, the tough thing for them is that the Republican primary is pretty far over to the right, just as the Democratic primary is further over to the left than the average voter in each party.''' ,'''Every administration has this idea to talk tough to Israel and make nice to the Arabs and the Palestinians, and that's the way to bring about peace. It's counter-productive - it's actually the opposite.''' ,'''I'd like to see the health care professionals making decisions, not some bureaucrat in Indianapolis working for an insurance company.''' ,'''The vast majority of the people employed by Wall Street are the secretary who goes in to work on the Long Island Rail Road, who makes fifty, sixty, seventy thousand dollars a year.''' ,'''As long as the Palestinians send terrorists onto school buses and to nightclubs to blow up people, Israel has no choice but to build the fence.''' ,'''There are many reasons why Mitt Romney should not become president, but perhaps the most important of all is the narrowness of his experience, perspective and vision.''' ,'''We tend to talk, Democrats, as a party, in legislative terms.''' ,'''Soft money will find its way and seep into the political system and corrode it, unless we plug every hole.''' ,'''There are two tests in life, more important than any other test. On Monday morning, when you wake up, do you feel in the pit of your stomach you can't wait to go to work? And when you're ready to go home Friday afternoon, do you say, 'I can't wait to go home?'''' ,'''Everyone has a hole inside themselves. They don't know they had it until they have kids, and then that hole fills up. And it's so great; it's just God's greatest gift to us.''' ,'''I want to attract the best people into teaching.''' ,'''When one has success, the answer is not to undo that success. It is to continue what has been done.''' ,'''The bottom line is there are lots of problems that were not created by government. The biggest one is loss of middle class incomes, loss of good-paying jobs which was created by technology and globalization. Above all, when you can move a job to China or India, it reduces wages.''' ,'''My father, Abe, was a small businessman. For 32 years, he ran an exterminating company. That may explain why our family always associated the smell of roach spray with love.''' ,'''Palestinians don't really believe in a state of Israel. They, unlike a majority of Israelis, who have come to the conclusion that they can live with a two-state solution to be determined by the parties, the majority of Palestinians are still very reluctant, and they need to be pushed to get there.''' ,'''Any party that writes off 25, 30, 35 percent of the American people is not going to be a winner.''' ,'''The Tea Party elites gained extraordinary influence by being able to funnel millions of undisclosed dollars into campaigns with ads that distort the truth and attack government.''' ,'''Whether you are a Democrat or Republican, whether you are a liberal or a conservative, we know that neither this President nor prior Presidents of both parties did everything right or we would not have had a 9/11.''' ,'''Do not let arguments of expediency persuade you. That is the slow road to oblivion. That is the tortured path to undoing step by step, bit by bit, as the river creates a canyon, the way of life that we love.''' ,'''Bigotry has always been the poison of America, and we oughta do everything to eradicate it with no excuses or explanations.''' ,'''I'm strongly for a patient Bill of Rights. Decisions ought to be made by doctors, not accountants.''' ,'''I think it's a little insulting, a bit insulting to American workers when Rand Paul says that unemployment insurance is a disservice.''' ,'''Most of the people I meet who are on unemployment are people who have had jobs for 25 years, lost them; they've been knocking on doors every week.''' ,'''Today, families like the one I grew up in still believe in that American dream. But as President Obama says, it's a make-or-break moment for the middle class. Mitt Romney's plans would make things worse.''' ,'''To introduce a whole new tax regime, that would be modern tax reform. But that's too big a task.''' ,'''When Republicans say, 'The first thing you do when you do deficit reduction is reduce rates,' it would be like Democrats saying, 'The first thing you do when you do deficit reduction is provide free Medicare at age 55.' We'd like to do that! But it won't bring the deficit down. That's for sure.''' ,'''Middle class people, I think they realize that Romney is not for them because of his narrowness, but they want to make sure that Barack Obama is focused on them with things that will make a difference. They know he tried, but they also know that it didn't do as well as they would have liked.''' ,'''There are some tax expenditures that are there for very obvious and very important and very good policy reasons. Whether it's the charitable deduction or the deduction for homes, it's not a loophole.''' ,'''You do have to change things as warfare changes.''' ,'''Inaction is perhaps the greatest mistake of all.''' ,'''Giving up even an ounce of precious freedom is a very serious thing to do.''' ,'''I respect people who feel things passionately. I do. But when someone is a judge, that is not what they should bring to the bench. It is not really passion, except in rare instances, that serves the bench well. It is, rather, an ability to understand the law and follow it.''' ,'''The 2014 election was not a repudiation of government in general.''' ,'''There are very close ties between the Jewish and Mormon people.''' ,'''Mitt Romney's only bottom line is the one at the end of his own bank statement. The problem is that he confuses his own narrow, self-interest - and that of people like him - with the national interest. He thinks as long as we do right by the Mitt Romneys of the world, America will be just fine.''' ,'''Republicans always try to paint Democrats as weak on defense. This time, they can't. After all, Mitt Romney's idea of an overseas accomplishment is sending U.S. jobs there.''' ,'''You have to walk in the other guy's moccasins. You have to think what they think. If you want to bring somebody onto your side, you have to figure out what motivates them. What do they need?''' ,'''You know, we have three branches of government. We have a House. We have a Senate. We have a President.''' ,'''I'm totally opposed to vouchers. I will fight them tooth and nail.''' ,'''I told the President, I told Rahm Emanuel and others in the administration that I thought the policy they took to try to bring about negotiations is counter-productive, because when you give the Palestinians hope that the United States will do its negotiating for them, they are not going to sit down and talk.''' ,'''Have kids; have a lot of kids. Start early and keep having them.''' ,'''Barack Obama knows that to create an economy built to last, we need to focus on middle-class families. Families who stay up on Sunday nights pacing the floor, like my dad did, while their children, tucked in bed, dream big dreams. Families who aren't sure what Monday morning will bring, but who believe our nation's best days are still ahead.''' ,'''Democrats don't relate to middle-class people.''' ,'''The Tea Party elites believe government is evil. Everything about government is bad, and they blame all problems, even non-economic problems, problems that were caused by the private sector, on government.''' ,'''Anyone who thinks they have a monopoly on truth, and there is only one way to see the world, always gets us into trouble.''' ,'''But I don't think the Democratic Party is at eye level with the middle class.''' ,]
+++