+++
author = "John Collins"
title = "John Collins Quotes"
quotes_len = "63"
description = "the best 63 John Collins Quotes"
keywords = "john collins,john collins quotes,john collins quote,john collins sayings,john collins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's crazy when you go back and look at it: playing 26 minutes a game, averaging 19 points and nine rebounds. That was a result of a lot of hard work.''' ,'''My biggest strength is my versatility.''' ,'''Be able to shoot, be able to pass and do all those extra things that I can't make up with freakish athleticism, the freakish body type that I don't have, I have to make up for it with being versatile.''' ,'''My mom is my backbone.''' ,'''I used to be very superstitious, and then I got too much into that. I just try to stay away from all the superstitions that I can and try to get as calm as I can before the game. That's my new superstition: just to get as calm as I can.''' ,'''I've always taken pride in trying to catch the ball.''' ,'''I want to stay with the Hawks.''' ,'''The perfect weight for me is probably 230 to 235, so I can bang with those big fellas.''' ,'''The way the league is going, versatility-wise, people want everybody to do everything. And I want to be that guy. That seems fun to me.''' ,'''There are a lot of guidelines and regulations that come with being a military kid and being raised on a military base. It gives you a structure and discipline on what not to do and right and wrong. I've been used to it my whole life.''' ,'''Not being in the dunk contest isn't going to stop me from dunking.''' ,'''I got to have that S on my chest. Superman.''' ,'''When I see myself - 'John Collins the Atlanta Hawks' - saying that and hearing that, hearing myself say that, looking in the mirror, and realizing 'man I made it' is crazy to think about.''' ,'''It's like people think, 'Oh you're playing losing basketball. You're possessions don't matter.' I feel like they matter even more because that's when they're truly watching if you're developing or not.''' ,'''Everyone has a niche of dunks that they are experts at.''' ,'''You sort of have that meditation, that happy place I go to in my brain. The happy place may be an island or something where I'm on the beach. Something like that where I can sort of at least try to escape and try to just release my mind into that place that I want to be in, into my relaxing place.''' ,'''I'm not saying I'll be the next Tim Duncan. But it was about time for Wake Forest to produce another super productive big man.''' ,'''Not every coach uses the same terminology.''' ,'''I felt like that was an important thing for guards to trust the big fella when they give them the ball - that you can catch and finish. I think that's real big for the trust between you and your guards.''' ,'''I didn't get a chance to shoot any threes at all in the offense we ran at Wake.''' ,'''Obviously, I can always get better on defense, improve intensity, my willingness to be locked in and stay in a stance, all that stuff is great, but I feel like playmaking, for myself, not only to create shots for myself but to create shots for others, benefits everybody.''' ,'''I just feel like with my size, I wasn't blessed with extra long arms, so I feel like with me not being on the taller side and shorter side when it comes to arm length, I feel like I need to be as versatile as I can.''' ,'''It's in the Hawks' DNA to win one, so I want to be a part of the Hawks' DNA and the Hawks' lineage of guys who have won a Slam Dunk Championship.''' ,'''It knocks the rust off, going against a guy like Kevin Love.''' ,'''I definitely feel like I've put in a lot of work and shown my value and shown the worth, shown my competitive spirit, my willingness to be within the organization, my leadership skills. Hopefully all that pays off in the end and we can come to an agreement. I want to be a Hawk and hopefully I want to sign that deal here.''' ,'''I've always had good hands, but my reaction time is something goaltending helped me with, being able to track the ball at such a fast speed.''' ,'''It's my first All-Star experience. It's pretty dope seeing all the super stars and all the big-time names.''' ,'''I get in trouble a lot with people hitting my phone and not texting back. Sometimes, I just gotta be out of the way.''' ,'''At my size and height you have to be able to do everything.''' ,'''A lot of tough stuff, tough breaks happen, but that's just the NBA. That's just the way it is.''' ,'''For me, the biggest thing is to adjust from college to a professional setting.''' ,'''I think I've always had the ability to shoot.''' ,'''My ability to play off the pick-and-roll, open plays for other guys and use my athletic body to catch lobs, that's what I do every night.''' ,'''Shooting the 3. Maybe drive and kick. Drive and get to the cup. Just being versatile. Being able to guard multiple positions on defense. Basically, be a mismatch problem and have coach give the confidence and say 'Yo, whatever the lineup is, whatever the game plans is, we keep John in and involved in the game.' That's my goal.''' ,'''I wasn't a very highly recruited guy out of high school... It's always a chip I've had on my shoulder.''' ,'''For me, it's never really been a road block for me to shoot, it's just a matter of me continuing to shoot and shooting with confidence.''' ,''''The Secret' is sorta teaching me how to think positively, try to take the negative thoughts out of of my brain.''' ,'''Drogba. I used to grow up watching football and when I saw him that was it. I've got his jersey in my closet. That dude is a legend for what he achieved at Chelsea.''' ,'''Water is the most powerful thing in the world. Just being in it, around it, it gives me some sort of peace. Watching it, looking at it, I love it.''' ,'''Size is just something you can't teach, you know what I mean? I can't be bigger than Joel Embiid or Steven Adams or Aron Baynes. It's almost near impossible.''' ,'''I just felt like for everybody watching, my game is continuing to develop, continuing to grow. I just hope that's what people see.''' ,'''Just small things are going to hopefully lead to a bigger surplus in the end. Obviously, you might not see it every single game, every single detail, but those small things and those small details add up so much, and that's what creates winning.''' ,'''You always want to fantasize about the future, and all the work you're going to put in, all the accolades, but you always forget the roadblocks that are right in front of you until they hit you and you have to go over them.''' ,'''Happy to be a Hawk. Shows a lot of promise that the organization is willing to take the time to pick me.''' ,'''I'm having to deal with the LeBrons, Paul Georges, Gianniss, KDs, the 6ft 8in to 6ft 11in guys who can do everything at my height, shoot, play make, block shots, defend. They set the precedent I've got to uphold. There's no excuse for me. That's my goal, to be at their level.''' ,'''I feel like every NBA player puts their life into this game, and for it to be cut short - it hurts, especially when you have so much unfinished business that you feel like you needed to handle.''' ,'''I'm comfortable being around the NBA lifestyle, the travel, the hotels, the pregame, everything.''' ,'''I always end up saying, whether it being my rookie year, not playing as many games as I should have with the new coaching and whatnot, and then my injury and my suspension, I feel like every year, it's always been something, you know what I mean?''' ,'''Coming from a player who has already been on two rebuilding teams and now in my third year on a rebuilding team, it's like, what more can I say of how tired I am?''' ,'''I have a very blessed life. I want to be clear about that.''' ,'''If I can be smart off the court, then I have to believe that will bleed onto the court.''' ,'''I like watching anime or music videos and stuff like that, just to get my mind somewhere else, to make it feel like I'm not in the arena, not in the gym, so when I step on the court, I'm locked in.''' ,'''It's frustrating and difficult to go out there every night as an underdog, knowing you're probably going to lose, knowing you still have to play hard to prove yourself to your teammates, coaches and higher-ups that you're still valuable.''' ,'''I'm used to structure, and the relationship I have with my mom, from a military standpoint, is all about structure. There's a certain way of doing things. My mom knows how to focus on different situations. What I learned from her helps me out every night I play.''' ,'''I really haven't been trying to force or shoot outside of my comfort zone.''' ,'''Every day, those on the front lines are putting themselves at risk to help battle the COVID-19 pandemic. I'm honored to be partnering with Sharecare to provide immunity-boosting shots to our local Atlanta heroes and give them the support they need during this time.''' ,'''I'm all in. I'm true to Atlanta.''' ,'''I'm always naturally a bit of a pessimist. And my mom is sorta the opposite.''' ,'''I've seen some of those comments and they hurt me a little bit, saying 'This guy's a cheater.' And I feel like if you know me, you know my character, and just my person, you know that's not what I would do, not what I would ever do.''' ,'''I'm a huge dunker.''' ,'''COVID has caused no shortage of problems. One of them is the possibility we could be off for nine months. That's too long. We're not in the playoffs, summer league has been canceled and training camp is pushed back. We need some help, but we aren't really getting it.''' ,'''I've worked on my shot a lot, had a lot of time to think about it and I'm sort of settling into it.''' ,'''I hate missing dunks.''' ,]
+++