+++
author = "Ladainian Tomlinson"
title = "Ladainian Tomlinson Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Ladainian Tomlinson Quotes"
keywords = "ladainian tomlinson,ladainian tomlinson quotes,ladainian tomlinson quote,ladainian tomlinson sayings,ladainian tomlinson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I believe a lot of players that start to think about money - 'Oh my goodness; I'm up for a new contract' - they don't have a great season because they're thinking about all these different things. Do your business on the field, and everything takes care of itself.''' ,'''A lot of people may know my face and know that I'm a good player on the football field, but they probably don't really know me as a person.''' ,'''I love Le'Veon Bell.''' ,'''You earn the respect of your peers that you play against, and they don't trash talk you.''' ,'''I don't have to go to the weight room. I don't have to go work out if I don't want to.''' ,'''I make sure I always give Him all the glory and praise, because I know that in one second, one game, one play, it could be all over.''' ,'''I like to run fast but not drive.''' ,'''My job is to let everybody know what I stand for and to let my light shine. I want to show others the way I live so that hopefully they follow. I can also tell about my experiences as a Christian so that I may help bring others to Christ.''' ,'''Faith is the biggest principle that the Bible teaches us.''' ,'''The quicker you get acclimated to getting hit and being on the ground, it's better for you when the games start.''' ,'''As football players, our bodies know exactly what time of year it is and what we need to be doing.''' ,'''When I approach guys in certain situations and talk to them about Christ, they know that I'm speaking to them in a way that's real.''' ,'''People may remember something I did on the field for a couple of days, maybe a week.''' ,'''I voted for Barack Obama.''' ,'''Nobody wants to retire from football.''' ,'''Over the years as I went through a lot more things, I've gotten closer and closer to God as far as praying a lot more, being into the Word.''' ,'''Every time I touch the ball, I think I'm going to go all the way. I think I'm going to score a touchdown. I'm the runner I am because I think that I'm going to go all the way every single time I touch the ball.''' ,'''Sometimes when you're praised about something, sometimes it's deserved, and sometimes it's not deserved. Same thing with criticism. Sometimes the criticism is deserved, and sometimes it's not deserved.''' ,'''It's brutal out on the football field.''' ,'''I think at the end of the day, even though I didn't win a Super Bowl ring, I felt like I backed them up for drafting me. I backed up the San Diego Chargers for picking me with the fifth pick.''' ,'''I don't think Christ becomes real to us until we hit a low point in our lives and realize just how much we need Him. That's why faith affects every area of your life.''' ,'''As long as you believe in Him, no matter what happens in your life, understand that it's all for a purpose.''' ,'''People always say, and my family has said it to me, that you know who your real friends are when you're at your lowest point and you don't have a job or whatever.''' ,]
+++