+++
author = "Bruce Coville"
title = "Bruce Coville Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Bruce Coville Quotes"
keywords = "bruce coville,bruce coville quotes,bruce coville quote,bruce coville sayings,bruce coville saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I tend to be more of a novel writer. In fact, some of my novels started out as short stories, and I just got carried away! I think some of my best writing is in the short story form, but novels come more naturally to me.''' ,'''Every book is like starting over again. I've written books every way possible - from using tight outlines to writing from the seat of my pants. Both ways work.''' ,'''I feel like a very lucky person. From the time I was young, I had a dream of becoming a writer. Now that dream has come true, and I am able to make my living doing something I really love.''' ,'''My writing works best when I remember that bookish child who adored reading and gear the work toward him.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I read books that made me laugh but also made me shiver in terror. I wanted to make books that made other people feel the same way.''' ,'''Like most people, I was not able to start selling my stories right away. So I had many other jobs along the way to becoming a writer, including toy maker, gravedigger, cookware salesman, and assembly line worker. Eventually, I became an elementary teacher and worked with second and fourth graders.''' ,'''Ideas are all around you - everything gives you ideas. But the real source is the part of your brain that dreams.''' ,'''I loved teaching. I used to teach fourth grade.''' ,'''Most of all, I love being a storyteller. And yes, I want to make a good living, but I'm not always driven by the best commercial sense.''' ,'''I know what I'm going to write for the next three years. It's frustrating, because if I get a good new idea, I have to put it aside.''' ,'''I grew up around the corner from my grandparents' dairy farm, which was three miles outside of a small town called Phoenix.''' ,'''When I go into schools to speak, I am not giving a speech - it's really a one-man show. I call it 'didactic standup.'''' ,'''The first time I can remember thinking that I would like to be a writer came in sixth grade, when our teacher Mrs. Crandall gave us an extended period of time to write a long story. I loved doing it. I started working seriously at becoming a writer when I was seventeen.''' ,'''In terms of age, I think I've covered about as wide a range as is possible, having written everything from picture books to early chapter books to middle grade novels to YA to one adult novel - and having been editor and lead writer for a magazine for retired people!''' ,]
+++