+++
author = "Abigail Breslin"
title = "Abigail Breslin Quotes"
quotes_len = "28"
description = "the best 28 Abigail Breslin Quotes"
keywords = "abigail breslin,abigail breslin quotes,abigail breslin quote,abigail breslin sayings,abigail breslin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''What's my favourite food? One you order out.''' ,'''I'm from New York. I have a non, neutral accent. It can go any way you want.''' ,'''My phone is always in front of me, 24/7.''' ,'''I really like to cook.''' ,'''I never want to play the same character twice. I like to do different roles. I have fun with that.''' ,'''I love Chicago.''' ,'''I've always been a huge fan of the 'Pirates of the Caribbean' movies.''' ,'''Well, my brother started acting before I did.''' ,'''It's cheesy, but having a pimple or a bad hair day isn't going to matter in five years. I don't always remember that, but I try.''' ,'''I've never had a treehouse because I live in New York City. It would be a little bit hard to fit a treehouse in a New York City apartment.''' ,'''I love animated movies in general. I like making them.''' ,'''People say, like, 'Are you a regular person?' 'Well, I'm not a robot, if that's what you're asking, I really am a person.'''' ,'''I'm a huge horror movie fan. Beyond belief.''' ,'''A lot of the time I'm working with people who are older than me.''' ,'''I like English, and I like writing essays, and that kind of stuff.''' ,'''I like to have sleepovers.''' ,'''I'm pretty boring.''' ,'''I made my first movie when I was five.''' ,'''It's never really fun to have to cry in a scene or anything like that.''' ,'''Well, you know, I never want to feel like I have a set plan of what I'm supposed to do. I kind of like to go script by script, and if I like the character and like the story that's why I want to do a movie.''' ,'''I've been really lucky with the people that I've gotten to work with. I learn a lot from them, just by watching them.''' ,'''I would love to do a 'Scream'-type movie.''' ,'''I'd like to do more TV; TV is completely different than working in movies in a lot of ways, it's like making a really compact movie. Because you don't have as much time, especially hour long shows, they move so quickly.''' ,'''I have a really great family, and when I'm not filming, I go home and walk the dogs, take out the garbage, clean my room, all that stuff. My family and my friends keep me in line, and make sure I don't get crazy.''' ,'''I don't really like to talk about other people. I think people who have things going on in their lives, I think they have enough to deal with, they don't need, you know, Abigail Breslin weighing in on their lives.''' ,'''I'd love to work with Michelle Williams. I think that she's incredible. She's such a great actress and I love her.''' ,'''I try to make myself do things for other people when I'm feeling down. Like, you can call your local hospital and help out in the pediatric unit.''' ,'''My mom didn't ever think I would take to acting because I was a very shy, very reserved kind of child. But obviously, something changed!''' ,]
+++