+++
author = "Saweetie"
title = "Saweetie Quotes"
quotes_len = "87"
description = "the best 87 Saweetie Quotes"
keywords = "saweetie,saweetie quotes,saweetie quote,saweetie sayings,saweetie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My cousin's dad is MC Hammer, and another one of my cousins is Zaytoven. We all grew up together and it's interesting to see how we turned out.''' ,'''I grew up listening to a lot of 2Pac and a lot of East Coast, West Coast rap; Bad Boy, Lil Kim, Foxy Brown, Biggie, 2Pac. Super hip-hop, super listening to that raw era of music.''' ,'''Growing up with a house full of women and seeing them look good no matter what they put on every morning just inspired me to look good myself.''' ,'''People had boxed me in as a 'pretty girl with followers that's rapping,' but I think my project and the work speaks for itself.''' ,'''I make music for people to relate to and to connect with me. I want to tap into different emotions.''' ,'''I like it to look natural, to be smooth, dewy glowy. I like my eyebrows to look nice and I love lip gloss. That's essential to the Saweetie look.''' ,'''I feel like your partner should be supportive. The relationship should be healthy; it should be fun. For all my girls looking for their type, make sure it's healthy and make sure that whoever it is, is making you a better you.''' ,'''I was working three jobs and going to school full time. I was really unhappy and I told myself, You are not this girl. This sounds corny but I would tell myself, You are an Icy Girl. I'm a confident person, but that was the first time I experienced insecurity and low self-esteem.''' ,'''I think because I went to school and because I'm a student, I'm so open and I'm a sponge, and I just wanna learn everything to make sure everything is perfect.''' ,'''Especially as an artist, the creative freedom we have makes us who we are. We're human beings-we're gonna mess up sometimes. I definitely feel like people should continue being who they are. As long as you're staying true to who you are, that's super important.''' ,'''I know a beat is good for me when I can just start rapping. It's usually hard for me to do that.''' ,'''Although I had the label of being the 'pretty girl rapper with a lot of followers,' I just broke the rules.''' ,'''I like working with people who are passionate about what I'm doing. I'm super passionate about music, so I want to make sure my colleagues and people on my team are the same, as well. I'm a very hands-on artist, so I don't give my work to my team.''' ,'''I founded my label last November called Icy, and once my foundation is laid, I'd love to go back and help other artists and give them the opportunity that I wasn't given at a younger age.''' ,'''I feel like music is, you know, made to inspire, to heal, and to cope with. So, I hope that when my fans, or even just people who stumble across my music, I hope they get some type of feeling from it.''' ,'''I like my visuals to feel like movies.''' ,'''I encountered producers who wanted to hang out after we worked, and when I refused, they wouldn't let me come back and work again... I would've have way more opportunities if I had succumbed. But it never felt right. I always felt like I was going to be successful, and I didn't want to compromise my morals.''' ,'''I definitely come from a line of strong women. It's not only like my mother and my grandmother, but my aunties too.''' ,'''I stopped listening to a lot of music because I wanted to become more comfortable with what I naturally sound like.''' ,'''I wish I could be more carefree. I grew up fast.''' ,'''I always wanted to bring something new to the table, and make clothes for women where they feel beautiful.''' ,'''I used to only like writing with pen and paper, but because I travel so much, I started to lose the paper.''' ,'''I welcome criticism. I come from a - I wouldn't say mean, but you've got to have tough skin to be in my family.''' ,'''I grew up dying my hair with Kool Aid. I used to switch my hair up every day just to make myself look and feel good.''' ,'''My grandmother used to call me Sweetie, and I really loved it.''' ,'''In the beginning, I took on every opportunity because I was so determined to get my name and music out there. You can get your sleep, but honestly your brain needs a break, too, and so many people forget that.''' ,'''It's important for women to have each other's backs. I'd like my label to give women the resources they need to flourish.''' ,'''We all want to be identified as someone cool, and I have struggled with repping where I'm from and my heritage before. It's part of growing pains. But when people see me being proud of what I am - and they are what I am too - it makes them proud. That's why I try to represent my Asian and my black side.''' ,'''Content is what's super important and people want to see you performing your records. That has a stronger impact.''' ,'''Around the time that I was in high school, a lot of rappers were coming out with mixtapes of them rapping over other people's instrumentals, specifically Young Money.''' ,'''What I really love about the Bay area sound is that it's very unique and that's something I want to strive for, as an artist. It's easy to get caught up in what's trending, but Bay area rap stays true to the local sound.''' ,'''It's cool to go into the simplicity of fashion, but I'm a very colorful person.''' ,'''I enjoy the life I have now, but I also enjoy doing regular stuff. I can't pull up to the club and stay outside no more. I can't be at anybody's table. A picture or video can go viral, and it can be misinterpreted.''' ,'''Me wanting to be an artist never really faded away. I knew that no matter what else I tried to pursue, my passion was always that.''' ,'''I'm the type of person where I'll take on anything because I like to work so much.''' ,'''I'm really good at football.''' ,'''The experiences I go through... everything you hear in my lyrics is real. Good or bad, I take it all in and put it all on the mic.''' ,'''I've been wanting to do music since I was 14, but like I've really always enjoyed giving speeches and I enjoy talking to people, so I was like, maybe I can be a newscaster.''' ,'''My dream school was USC. So I was like, alright, I'm going to apply to USC, and If I don't get in - I'm dropping out of school, and I'm pursuing music. So I applied, and I got in. I was like alright, I'm at the number one communications school in the country, and that was my major.''' ,'''I performed in high school for Black History Month at a talent show, but besides that I didn't have the resources to perform so I spent my time as a teenager writing music.''' ,'''I get extensions, but when they start to get spotty, I go buy wispy lashes and cut them up. I put them where the gaps are when I don't have time to get a fill.''' ,'''But it's hard to support yourself from music when nobody knows you.''' ,'''I grew up all around the Bay, but I spent most of my time in Hayward and I loved it. It was a really big apartment community, there was a whole bunch of kids.''' ,'''You have to be unapologetically yourself. Once I was able to be proud of myself, it came across in my music really clearly.''' ,'''It used to take me a really long time, and I used to not be able to write in the studio because I felt there was a lot of pressure to be perfect. The more I'm collaborating with other artists, the more I realize being in the studio is about catching a vibe.''' ,'''With a lot of attention comes criticism, but I'll take that. I'm reaching all the goals I've set for myself, so you can't say anything bad about that.''' ,'''When you're normally networking, it's with men. And they claim they want to help you and work with you, but when it comes down to it, they want to go on dates.''' ,'''That's what's most annoying - when people in this industry act like they don't know me. And they say it in a way where you can just feel that it's shade.''' ,'''Something will come to me in the middle of the day, and I'll Voice Note it so I don't forget how I felt when the idea came about. I can hear the feeling I had when I first recorded it.''' ,'''I want to encourage the artists that haven't made it that social media is the truth. I made it from Instagram to having a most-added song to radio.''' ,'''I was already writing poetry, so I transitioned from writing poetry a cappella to writing over beats, and it was way more exciting to me that way.''' ,'''I don't want to be super serious but I want to have fun with my platform. I want to touch people, I want to be relatable and let girls know that you can go to college and still pursue what you want after that.''' ,'''I went from being a hustler, working different jobs to renting rooms off Craigslist, and I just wasn't happy.''' ,'''Being a woman in a male-dominated industry is difficult at times. I've had people offer to help me, but it's hard to know who to trust.''' ,'''After I graduated, I didn't have the resources to go to the studio, which is why I then went to social media.''' ,'''I had to work a lot. I was doing YouTube videos, but I wasn't getting a lot of love. How do I make a living off rapping when no one knows me? I got kind of discouraged. But hard work shuts people up.''' ,'''A lot of women reach out to me and tell me my music has given them the courage and confidence to break up with not just any boyfriend, but an unhealthy relationship.''' ,'''If the public doesn't receive what you say, people can start to build your brand for you.''' ,'''It's crazy because 'Icy Girl' came when I was in a dark place, but I made it to motivate myself. It was kind of like my anthem for lifting up my spirits.''' ,'''I feel like it's social media that's opened that door. We're able to accumulate and generate our own fan base. Once we do that and put our own work in, labels take notice that we have our own following.''' ,'''I would describe my music as very honest. I just rap about myself, and not in a narcissistic way. I feel like I have a story to tell.''' ,'''And I get so nervous now when it's not my show, like I'm not the headliner, because I know that those fans are there for another artist. Many people might not know an upcoming artist, but I've grown to like those shows because if I can control a crowd that doesn't know me, I'm doing my job as an entertainer. I have to rise to the occasion.''' ,'''I finally decided to give music my all. If it didn't work out and I had to move home, fine. I had to give it 100% first.''' ,'''I'm not really into trends. I do like high fashion. I love my Chanel and my Louis, but I love my Forever 21 too.''' ,'''If you're really listening there are alot of hidden messages in my songs.''' ,'''I'm the only person who stands in my way, whether I finish a song or if I'm, you know, struggling. So, I see myself as my own competitor.''' ,'''I know where I wanna end up. I'm ready to go, and I'm ready to learn. I'm ready to build, and I'm ready to establish my longevity.''' ,'''Freestyling helps me portray the emotion that I'm feeling right there instead of writing it at home and having to add to it.''' ,'''When you're a college student interested in music, you hear all these rappers talking about dropping out. For me, when I heard someone like J. Cole rapping about school and staying in school...it inspired me to keep going.''' ,'''My grandma told me that to be wealthy you need at least seven streams of income, so that's my goal. I have a big family. I want to take care of everybody.''' ,'''What I don't like is when people feel like they can box an artist into who they think an artist should be.''' ,'''I'm normally getting glammed for my events and when I can give my skin a break, I do.''' ,'''What I love about my audience is it's extremely diverse as far as the ethnicities and the ages that show up.''' ,'''High maintenance means a lot of care. My relationships are high maintenance, my body is high maintenance, and my soul is high maintenance. I really care about my friends and my family; I eat good; I pray a lot. So it's like, I really care about my relationships with my family, my friends, my body and my soul.''' ,'''I'm super drawn to the high-end brands because they're made with such care and great materials. I really love Chanel, it's my favorite.''' ,'''I just love seeing my audience live, and I also love to see my peers perform because it inspires me to be a better performer as well.''' ,'''Well, most of my sessions have been with Hit-Boy and London, so I haven't had the opportunity to really vibe a lot in person with the other producers. But they're super open to experimenting and taking direction really well and they have good energy.''' ,'''In order to be an icon, you need to be bold. How do I define boldness? Stepping outside of your comfort zone.''' ,'''I have my Icy brand, so one day when I do have the time I'll create my own fashion line.''' ,'''I'm a very competitive person - I grew up playing sports - so the challenge of always bettering myself is something that I like.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of hot Cheetos. I used to eat them for breakfast.''' ,'''With social media, the gatekeepers are our followers. It has opened so many doors for me not only musically, but fashion-wise as well.''' ,'''If I want to listen to myself as much as I want to listen to Drake or Beyonce, I feel like that's a good sign.''' ,'''I feel like an EP is for practice and an album is the game.''' ,'''Y'all should be happy for me. It's funny, compared to my peers, my catalog isn't even that big, but I'm still getting a lot of notoriety because my songs do really well. I'm working hard and minding my own business and trying to do something I'm super passionate about.''' ,'''Fashion has always been important to me. I think style is important and what I love about my style is it's all based on my mood.''' ,'''My schedule is very busy, but when I get time to sit and think about all the great things that have happened to me, it's just mind-blowing.''' ,]
+++