+++
author = "Bill Goldberg"
title = "Bill Goldberg Quotes"
quotes_len = "127"
description = "the best 127 Bill Goldberg Quotes"
keywords = "bill goldberg,bill goldberg quotes,bill goldberg quote,bill goldberg sayings,bill goldberg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I thrive on physical confrontation. It's a competitive juice in me. I'm always going to have that in the back of my mind. So whether I'm 49, 59, 69 or 109, I'm always going to think that I can go out and compete.''' ,'''Let's be honest: I'm an athlete, not an entertainer as much.''' ,'''I had a great time in the NFL. To make it in the amount of time that I did was awesome; it's a dream come true, and hell, it gave me the opportunity to go wrestle.''' ,'''I had three intentions when I became a wrestler. One was to keep my integrity. Two was to give pro wrestling a more respectable image. And three was to be a role model to Jewish kids, who may not have thought they could do what I do.''' ,'''I grew up in the Midwest, and I was a short, fat, little Jewish kid... but it was just different. People didn't understand, so I had to deal with it. One day, I physically dealt with it, and it never happened again. I'm not saying that's the way to do it, but you have to stand up for yourself, period, end of story.''' ,'''I worked in a gym. I was a trainer. I did all the crappy ex-football-player jobs.''' ,'''I'm a believer in karma, and I'm also a believer that things happen for a reason.''' ,'''All those guys wanna be us. All the fighters wanna be in professional wrestling; I don't care what they say.''' ,'''I'm wired differently.''' ,'''At this time, the only thing that would get me back in the ring is something that would positively impact those in need. If selling out another major event would allow me to bring a ship full of supplies to hand out to those in need, I'd say that would be very significant.''' ,'''I strive to be my best every time I go out, and that's very stressful. After a while of doing that... it's nice to just take a deep breath, sit on a tractor.''' ,'''There's no question, I guarantee you, that you will see more NFL players getting into wrestling. They have the personality for it.''' ,'''Terrorism, as a whole, is - I don't want to say 'taboo,' but it is a very emotional subject.''' ,'''I used to play videogames, but I don't have too much time anymore. I used to have 3DO, but I could never find any games, really. I used to play it all the time. Games like 'Road Rash.'''' ,'''If whatever we do changes one person's opinion, gets one person's readiness better than it was before, or at the end of the day entertains people, than we've done our job.''' ,'''The fact is that I made a stand a number of times in my career, and I did it because I knew I was right.''' ,'''As a professional wrestler, it's not my position to be the booker, to formulate a match, unless you're asked to do that.''' ,'''I'm not picking up my phone and calling anyone for employment.''' ,'''I help with everything. My wife and I are a team. I pack my son's lunches, and she takes him to baseball practice when I gotta go train. It's hand-in-hand. There are no labels on our chores.''' ,'''A guy like Ric Flair at 49 could go out and do his character. A guy 49 going out and doing Goldberg again - I don't know what the odds are.''' ,'''I knew that the UFC and that mixed martial arts in general was going to prosper because I was extremely selfish and cocky, and I thought: 'Hey, if I like it, everyone's gonna like it.' Well, it came to fruition, and I chose a character that was not a far departure from myself at all.''' ,'''Hulk Hogan and I put 43,000 people in the Georgia Dome with three days' notice. I've got a fairly big following in Atlanta.''' ,'''It's a sad situation when you have to talk crap about other organizations that you know your paths are never going to cross competitively.''' ,'''I'm not saying everybody has to walk around with a six-shooter, but they have to be prepared. You don't have to be militarized, but you have to be ready.''' ,'''I'm going to make an appearance in professional wrestling, but it won't be for the WWE. If I put wrestling boots and wrestling trunks on one last time - and I'm going to - it's going to be done by me and me only.''' ,'''The muscles in my lower abdomen had torn off my pelvis.''' ,'''I'm a professional athlete. I've been paid since I was in my early 20s to go out there and fight with guys who were 40 or 50 pounds heavier than I am and fight for my life. I got into a business where people make decisions based on some of the most stupid things.''' ,'''Whether it's at a concert in France or a restaurant in the United States, terrorism doesn't have to happen in a military installation by any stretch of the imagination.''' ,'''You can say I give you this information as a dispassionate observer.''' ,'''No, I don't have a feminine side. I've never been in touch with it. And the day I get in touch with my feminine side is the day I retire.''' ,'''My character is just an extension of me. The in-ring work, the things that will always be said about me: Big, overbearing, powerful, in-your-face, couldn't wrestle - I never needed to wrestle. Why did I need to learn how to wrestle? Did Hulk Hogan need to learn how to wrestle? Nope. Is Hulk Hogan a good athlete? Nope.''' ,'''I picked up a lot watching Ultimate Fighting. I studied martial arts. But I had an idea to be different, to portray a character people would like.''' ,'''I'm as passionate as any car owner or car collector that has one car or 300 cars.''' ,'''No matter how much money you make, no matter how famous you are, you're not above going outside and cutting trees. I do it all the time.''' ,'''Oh, I love Rock to death, man. He doesn't inspire me as an actor but, I mean, come on.''' ,'''My dream was to have a garage where I could put some of the coolest cars I've ever seen throughout my life.''' ,'''The deal is that I hold myself to an extremely high standard, and it's a standard that can never be... it's unattainable. But it drives me to be the very best in everything I do.''' ,'''I believe in the simple things in life; everything derives from the beginning. You take things very simplistically and try to be the best person you can be.''' ,'''If I wasn't prepared knowing every year there is a huge chance of a fire that will require me to evacuate my property, then I'm an ignoramus. If people at this point don't see that terrorism is a reality, and don't take steps to prepare themselves a little more than they were the day before, then they are also an irresponsible ignoramus.''' ,'''Disrespect is my biggest pet peeve.''' ,'''If you don't want to investigate what you're passing judgment on, then it's your fault. And I believe that if people investigate Goldberg as a human being, I'm not such a bad guy.''' ,'''The reality is that a lot of these bad things that happen in the wrestling business, 90 percent are because of certain people's egos. There's no question about that.''' ,'''It's always good to have other people who you can lean on and pick you up when you're down and vice versa.''' ,'''Anything I did with the WWE was not therapeutic by any stretch of the imagination. The reality is that nobody's going to tell you that, because they have an umbilical cord hooked to Vince McMahon. I, ladies and gentlemen, do not.''' ,'''I'd love to get back in the ring so my son could see me, but that's it.''' ,'''When you hear of somebody named Goldberg, you think of a guy sitting behind a desk investing your money.''' ,'''The Georgia Dome was my home field, brother. There's no question about it. I played my first football game there as an Atlanta Falcon.''' ,'''I grew up in the Midwest, so we really didn't have much hockey going on.''' ,'''Let's be perfectly honest. I love Rock to death. We're all different people, but Rock's a showman.''' ,'''If I put wrestling boots and wrestling trunks on one last time - and I'm going to - it's going to be done by me and me only.''' ,'''They don't pay me enough to take any racial abuse. If you come up to me and say something racially, I'm going to take your head off.''' ,'''Lets be honest: I'm an athlete, not an entertainer as much. So as an athlete, I am a guy who likes the physical confrontation of the football field. I like playing nose-guard; I like having two 350 pound guys trying to rip my head off.''' ,'''If it took professional wrestling for people to recognize me as a person, then all the other endeavors I embark upon will explain me as a person, define me as a person, but wrestling will not define me.''' ,'''I have never, ever, received any taunts or any form of anti-Semitism. And I suppose being a Jewish football player with the Atlanta Falcons was no different than being a Baptist football player with the Atlanta Falcons. But in the back of your mind, you always expect something to happen.''' ,'''That feeling is one of the things that keep me going. On July 6, 1998, I became the WCW heavyweight champion of the world!''' ,'''I always wanted to become a good role model for kids as a professional football player. Unfortunately, I didn't attain that through football, but I was smart enough to realize that professional wrestling provided another opportunity for that.''' ,'''What kind of moron would go to work for half the amount of money, when they could sit at home and collect what's written in a contract?''' ,'''Most of the wrestling happens in the South, so I had to ask myself how I was going to be received as a Jewish boy named Goldberg. Then again, I have never, nor would I ever, hide my Jewish identity.''' ,'''I host reality shows; the last thing I ever wanted to do was be a contestant on one.''' ,'''I'm a man who makes his own decisions and sticks with them; I think there's a lot of integrity in that.''' ,'''I made the final decision to become a professional wrestler because I was able to look at Sting and what he was able to do inside and outside the ring.''' ,'''Anytime I get down to Miami, it's a wonderful thing.''' ,'''Nine times out of ten, people consider a nice little Jewish boy the kid who grows up and sits behind a desk preparing your taxes. I've certainly broken that stereotype in many ways.''' ,'''I really don't have a favorite team.''' ,'''The NFL can go to hell.''' ,'''At the end of the day, you have smart marks all over the world thinking that they know the outcome of a match.''' ,'''I come from a very athletic family. But I didn't have the typical Jewish sports heroes. I mean, like lots of Jewish kids I admired Sandy Koufax. But I didn't look up to him as the one person who gave me the desire to push on and succeed. My brothers did that for me.''' ,'''Go empower yourself. You need confidence because the one thing that bullying does is it belittles you, and it takes away your confidence, and nobody deserves that.''' ,'''Any time someone stops me in the street and asks me for an autograph, pro wrestling gave me that.''' ,'''I'm more of a 'competitor'; I like to go in the ring and let people judge the competition.''' ,'''Kids are soft these days, period, end of the story in every respect. People coddle them too much. I'm sick of that; it's irresponsible parenting. Taking care of them is one thing, but turning little boys into little girls because you're coddling them so much, kids need to have experiences on their own.''' ,'''I've got a lot of people I'm carrying on my back, but it's a light load because I take a lot of pride in who I am and where I came from.''' ,'''I like to train in my Muay Thai gym that I co-own.''' ,'''I'd love to wrestle a Bruiser Brody or Andre the Giant from the past.''' ,'''As a father, you want the best for your son, quite obviously. You want to create the best memories for your son.''' ,'''After you ride a roller coaster that's been going up for a year and a half, and you reach the pinnacle and then dive straight down with no gradual decline, it's a little disorienting. I didn't know how to take losing.''' ,'''I had creative control over my character, which means if they wanted me to do something that I didn't agree with, then I wouldn't do it. If it was good for the show, then I had no problem. If it was demeaning to the character and wasn't adding a positive light to the show, then I can guarantee that I wouldn't do it.''' ,'''If a guy is hurt, you take care of him. The Falcons didn't do that.''' ,'''I tore my abdomen. That ended my football career, which was what I wanted to do my entire life, and when that was over, I pretty much looked to just about anything, but nothing really caught my interest.''' ,'''I'm an active participation guy. No matter how much money you make, no matter how famous you are, you're not above going outside and cutting trees. I do it all the time.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I'm greatly appreciative of all the fans that I was able to acquire over the years.''' ,'''I'm only as good as my next appearance and my next match.''' ,'''If I'm the MVP of the NFL, and I lose a game and go to a press conference and walk out of it, that's not the example I want to set for people.''' ,'''It's just a really cool deal to be a character in 'WWE 2K17.' Whether it's competing on Nitro or Halloween Havoc, to have me as an available character... it's a tribute.''' ,'''Having children changes your outlook 100 percent of your life.''' ,'''I try to do as much as I can for the military.''' ,'''I was a piece of meat. I was betrayed by the business of football.''' ,'''My hobby first and foremost is collecting automobiles. I have a fairly nice, finished 6,500-square-foot structure that I call my garage.''' ,'''There's only one reason I would do the kickboxing thing, and that's for myself. I've been doing it as an avid student on-and-off for 10 years, and it's something I really enjoy.''' ,'''Sometimes I think back to everything I've been through, and I wonder, 'Man, how the hell did I get here?'''' ,'''I guess I blow all the stereotypes right out of the water.''' ,'''You wrestle one night, get up the next morning and fly out to the next city. You try to work out, you try to get some food into you and, lo and behold, you have to go work again. You are living out of a suitcase.''' ,'''Would it be an honor to be bestowed Hall of Fame credentials? Yeah. Does it define me as a person? No.''' ,'''I told my wife, when I go up to the garage and I wash my Cobra, I feel like I'm cheating on her.''' ,'''I cherish every moment, because success can be taken right away from you.''' ,'''I don't think most of my hobbies would be surprising to anybody. I obviously like to spend a lot of time with my family. I like to train. I like to lift.''' ,'''The new age of terrorism isn't on the battlefield: it's in your own backyard. Whether it's at a concert in France or a restaurant in the United States, terrorism doesn't have to happen in a military installation by any stretch of the imagination.''' ,'''My experience with video games is a far cry from 'WWE 2K17.' Did I ever aspire to be that character? Man, I just wanted to be a hero to kids. Whether it's a character in a video game, a movie or a TV series, it's an accolade that I'm greatly appreciative of.''' ,'''Free agency screws everybody's allegiances up. Whether it be football, baseball, hockey, basketball, whatever it may be. It's really hard.''' ,'''The reality is, I'm not 24 or 34 anymore. Things are going to be different when I prepare for and when I compete in an athletic endeavor.''' ,'''At the end of the day, at 49 years old, it's realistic to believe that a Terminator has a heart.''' ,'''The cutthroat part of it is that professional wrestling has no union. There are a number of people that are taken advantage of on a daily basis.''' ,'''I look back upon my times when more people were listening to what I had to say, and I didn't say enough.''' ,'''Do every single thing you can to protect yourself, your family, and your country.''' ,'''I'm sitting here with the Mets, and I get to throw out the first pitch. That's one of the coolest things in the world for anybody.''' ,'''At the end of the day, leaving WrestleMania, having my hand raised, beating Brock Lesnar... I'd say it was a pretty successful tenure.''' ,'''I should think wrestling is the most positive thing in the world. The fact is, behind the scenes, there's stuff that goes on that's bush-league. It's laughable.''' ,'''In high school, all my friends' older brothers had these cars. I had a number of friends whose brothers collected Dodges and Plymouths and some of the coolest cars I've ever seen when I was a kid. I was just flabbergasted.''' ,'''When you become a professional wrestler, your name becomes company property.''' ,'''From what I've read, CM Punk is like a sponge when it comes to training.''' ,'''Everybody who knows anything about me knows all I ever wanted to do is play pro football. But I didn't have the talent, and I got hurt a lot. I'd do anything to be out on the field.''' ,'''My brothers were big car guys.''' ,'''I'm not normal.''' ,'''The biggest thing about being a wrestler and being Goldberg gave me, was the ability to be a superhero for kids. I want the ability to be that guy again.''' ,'''Being a professional wrestler surely prepares you for any acting role in that we have to act on live television, so there's a lot of pressure put there.''' ,'''I've done drag races. I've done Long Beach Grand Prix stuff. I've done NASCAR stuff. Just about anything carwise under the sun, I've done. Whether it be driving schools or racing schools, I've had a passion for it for a long time.''' ,'''Everything emanates from the basics, from your base. If you don't have a strong base, I'm sorry, but you are always going to be coming back to it, trying to reattain.''' ,'''No, if there is an aspect of the executive branch of the government that needs looking at, I'm liable to be called in to look at it. But I'm not the only one.''' ,'''At the end of the day, it's a very powerful voice when you're able to perform on any level on any stage and have the audience, have the attention of children. It's a gift. It's not to be taken lightly, and it can be used for good or for bad.''' ,'''I didn't choose Goldberg because I wanted to be the flagship for the Jewish movement, not by any stretch of the imagination. I chose Goldberg because no one else can own it.''' ,'''I think when Kevin Nash put himself on the booking committee and then gave me my first loss, that was beginning of the end.''' ,'''Any time you're in front of a camera and have them yell 'Cut, re-shoot the scene,' are you kidding me? That's a huge advantage.''' ,'''I've tried to reinvent myself from time to time, and I enjoy doing movies.''' ,'''The story behind 'Check Point' is what drew me in. The script had a couple of twists that I really did not see coming... To get out there and raise people's awareness, I think there's a big responsibility in that.''' ,'''The stupidest question I get is 'Is Goldberg your real name?' I tell people, 'No, my real name is Killer, but I wanted a much more menacing name, so I picked Goldberg.'''' ,'''The Rock has definitely set the bar. He's in a class by himself, and he always will be, I believe.''' ,'''As a father and an ex-wrestler, it's a dream come true. To be able to come back and be included in 'WWE 2K17,' it's a huge honor.''' ,]
+++