+++
author = "Marielle Heller"
title = "Marielle Heller Quotes"
quotes_len = "90"
description = "the best 90 Marielle Heller Quotes"
keywords = "marielle heller,marielle heller quotes,marielle heller quote,marielle heller sayings,marielle heller saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I don't really believe that all theater needs to be filmed - for some things, the special part of live theater is that it exists and then it's gone.''' ,'''Becoming a writer, and then a director, was taking my creative life in my own hands, and wanting to have stories that I wanted to put out into the world - and I have fallen in love with directing.''' ,'''It's funny because you start watching Mister Rogers so young, it's sort of in this subliminal part of your brain. I think that's why people have such a visceral reaction to him.''' ,'''A lot of us love seeing characters on screen who say and do things we would never dare in real life.''' ,'''I remember my grandmother's husband dying. But I think I was older. I think I was 7 or 8 when he died. But I remember that being the first real person I knew who died, and I - and that my parents didn't let me go to the funeral. And I remember feeling like it was really unfair.''' ,'''Being a good actor is incredibly difficult. But the amount of responsibility is so much less on your shoulders than directing.''' ,'''Sometimes we need pure relief. Sometimes we need pure escapism. Sometimes we need major reflection on some aspects of our collective unconscious.''' ,'''Somehow I had a lot of the skills that I didn't know were required for directing. I didn't realize that my life had been leading in that direction.''' ,'''I spent most of my 20s working as an actor. I started writing and directing because I was frustrated with the types of roles that were available to young women.''' ,'''What Mr Rogers was offering to children were lessons we all need in our world right now: patience, kindness, acceptance and true self-reflection.''' ,'''Scott Frank and I are director friends. We met through the Sundance Labs and he's advised me on my first projects - I've visited him on set, we've shared first cuts with each other, and we're more like director pals than anything else.''' ,'''When I do interviews about movies I direct, I often talk about how my superpower as a director is that I'm an actor. I can talk to actors. I'm not afraid of actors.''' ,'''I come from theater and captured theater has a bad rap of being never what the live performance was.''' ,'''Why do so many women drop out of the workforce at this age, in our late 30s, early 40s? Well, often it's because we're raising kids, so, let's be honest about that.''' ,'''The more women directors that get hired, the more practices will shift, top down.''' ,'''I went to Sundance Labs, and I definitely watched my male peers from there have very different meetings than I was having, very different outcomes. You could tell there was a feeling that a young male director had this exciting potential and a young female director was risky.''' ,'''I'm a director... I don't wear any makeup, and wear jeans every day.''' ,'''I don't think I would have made 'A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood' had Trump not been president. I felt so desperately like we needed to see a model of masculinity that was kind and loving and emotional, and could be the antidote to this president that we had.''' ,'''It's advice I always give to directors when they're starting out: Take an acting class to really see what it feels like to be an actor. And I have always felt like one of my strengths as a director is that I share a language and a vocabulary with actors.''' ,'''But the idea behind French hours is that instead of doing a 12 and a half or 13-hour day with a lunch break in the middle, you do a 10-hour straight day. Everyone kind of eats food throughout the day anyway on the set.''' ,'''I was always seen as defiant. And I did know that as a kid. It just wasn't something that was stamped out of me. I often had problems in school where I would stand up to teachers or I would believe that something they were saying was wrong.''' ,'''I remember the first time somebody classified me as a feminist. I was in fourth grade. And I remember thinking, 'Oh, is that what I am?' At the time, I just cared about equality.''' ,'''I think that instead of laying out ahead of time where my career is going to go, I try to make decisions that feel like they're the best steps for me in that moment.''' ,'''Just make things, and find people you love working with. If you're working on something you truly love and are passionate about, you will do your best work.''' ,'''I'm getting more and more used to the fact that being a director and being a woman are two things that everyone wants to talk about, because it's so rare.''' ,'''With all of the bad things that are happening in the world right now, I think we need a message of togetherness and true unity. I believe that starts with personal reflection and then we can find kindness toward each other.''' ,'''Nobody criticized the characters in 'The Godfather' for being bad examples of how to be men.''' ,'''One of the boring tricks about capturing Broadway onscreen, actually, is just about all the different unions.''' ,'''I'm the oldest of three kids and I remember my brother and sister still watching Mr Rogers while I felt too big and too sophisticated to watch it.''' ,'''A lot of us as adults haven't learned how to cope with our feelings, deal with our anger or work through the pain of our childhoods.''' ,'''Movies require a minor miracle to get made.''' ,'''It makes white men uncomfortable that there aren't more stories about them because it somehow is perpetuating the idea that they aren't the center of the universe - and they wouldn't give up that position lightly.''' ,'''I do think there's a weird stigma where people probably think that female directors are a risk.''' ,'''As women we are very accustomed to putting ourselves in the shoes of male leads.''' ,'''I just don't want to ever make decisions based on something that I feel like I shouldn't do, or if it's a logical career step. It has to be something that inspires me. Because if it's not something that inspires me, then I'm not going to do it well. And that doesn't help anybody.''' ,'''I feel some responsibility, being one of the few women directors who are being given opportunities. Sometimes, that makes me want to take on some big franchise because I want to show people that women can do it.''' ,'''I don't think we have to be jerks to make good art either, but somehow we as a society have romanticised that idea.''' ,'''I think all the actors I've worked with knew that I was an actor. Like, I get into the dirt with my actors and we figure out the rhythm of the scene and how it needs to sound and what the blocking is, the way you would with another actor.''' ,'''Writing, directing - it's just torture every time and it doesn't seem to get any easier. And yet I love them and I'm not going to stop doing them.''' ,'''Someone once shared a statistic with me about how long it takes women to make their second films. On average, it's three years for men and eight years for women.''' ,'''I had a great family. Nobody ever told me that I should stop raising my hand in class or that I should become - as a girl, that I should somehow become less confident.''' ,'''Mr. Rogers would not make a good protagonist of a narrative film. He's without conflict, he's too far along on his journey toward enlightenment to be a good protagonist. Our protagonists have to be struggling with demons in a certain way.''' ,'''I was in theater school playing Lady Macbeth and doing these great dramatic parts, and then I got out into the real world and was auditioning for commercials, and just not getting to do anything that felt remotely meaningful.''' ,'''My five-year-old, before the quarantine, joined a chess class in our neighborhood in Brooklyn, and my husband was learning to play so that they could play against each other.''' ,'''I don't look like the way we've painted directors in our movies and everything since forever. I don't look like an old white guy in a baseball cap. So, yes, there are always moments when people are surprised that I'm the director.''' ,'''I do think there's probably a little more opportunity to direct in television, because there are just so many TV shows. In movies, it still feels harder to break in. I do hope that's shifting. The difference between TV and miniseries and movies is also diminishing.''' ,'''Historically, we've attached a lot of shame to women and their bodies - probably since biblical times. It's a way that patriarchal societies have perpetuated.''' ,'''I love human beings, and I love their faces.''' ,'''Molly Ringwald's characters always had a complex personal life, and I appreciated that.''' ,'''I like working in TV, but my real love is making movies.''' ,'''I don't think the purpose of movies is to tell people how to live their lives.''' ,'''I was one of those probably annoying little kids who was always putting on plays with my family.''' ,'''My normal way of filming something is, like, one camera, very well planned out, knowing exactly how we're going to get each shot.''' ,'''I remember thinking when I set out to direct my movie that it was all about lenses and the shots you were going to get. Really, directing is about tapping into what makes us the most human, telling stories, emotions, and managing a group of empathetic people.''' ,'''I was really serious about being an actress. I was playing young female characters and not feeling very connected to them.''' ,'''I think there used to be more respect toward young people in movies. John Hughes really respects his characters and they're given their emotional weight. He does so even with kids, but especially with teenagers.''' ,'''I think acting helps me as a director no matter what. There is something about being reminded about the vulnerability it takes to be an actor and what I'm really asking of actors every day when I'm on set as a director that I think it's a really good reminder.''' ,'''I just have no interest in making a biopic. No offence to biopics, it's just not where my mind goes.''' ,'''I hate the narrative that people have to be tortured in order to be good artists. I think it's a solipsistic view that people use in order to be selfish.''' ,'''Part of what I loved about exploring Lee Israel was she was a woman who was often overlooked and judged. And it was fun to find all the ways that I could sympathise and feel as though I was like her.''' ,'''You live in an apartment in New York, and you think all the time about like, 'I don't even know who's living above me.' There are all these anonymous people in that window or that window or that window, and everybody has their own interesting life that I know nothing about.''' ,'''A lot of acting is waiting for people to let you do your job.''' ,'''I guess I always view movies as, in their best form, connecting us more to each other and to humanity.''' ,'''I was so involved in my own life I wasn't even aware of what was happening in the outside world, but as I got older I was constantly reflecting back on my own teenagehood and feeling like I hadn't been represented.''' ,'''The beauty of film is that you can get closer than you can in theater, you know? I come from theater, and I remember feeling like I was almost cheating when I would put the camera so close to somebody's face when I was filming them.''' ,'''I come from the world of theater, and I know Noel Coward's writing well. He has such a specific voice, and was one of the wittiest writers who ever lived, and you think of him in the same category as someone like Shakespeare who's just impossible to imitate.''' ,'''I just think good actors are the main reason to make movies.''' ,'''I so related to John Hughes movies.''' ,'''You want to make movies about extraordinary people, but those extraordinary people have to have a huge journey.''' ,'''And he doesn't really - it's never awkward when you're talking to Tom Hanks. I've never seen him have an awkward conversation with anybody.''' ,'''Our culture of the Bay Area is a place where you want to be different. You want to be seen. You want to be heard.''' ,'''I know I dressed way too provocatively when I look back. I was in that weird phase of feeling suddenly like my body was a woman's body and not a kid's body.''' ,'''One of the movies I know affected me was 'Hedwig and the Angry Inch.' I remember feeling like it was such a brave and scary and awesome movie, and it was so ambitious. I felt really connected to it emotionally.''' ,'''Actually, Nicole Holofcener's movies have always felt really right to me. 'Lovely & Amazing' is a movie about women's bodies that I feel is so truthful and painful and real.''' ,'''I was connected to the theater, it was my first love, where my career was focused, on interesting ways to tell stories.''' ,'''Every actor is different, but it's a very fine line when it comes to how much information they have versus how much they need to let their imagination fill in the blanks.''' ,'''I did not go to film school.''' ,'''When you're directing, you look around and you think, everything I see is my responsibility. From the catering being on time to whether the clouds are moving the way I need them to move to whether this actor is giving the performance I want to whether the costumes are what they should be.''' ,'''I'm not the type of person who can be a director for hire, I have to find my own way into it.''' ,'''For the same reason I want to make movies about women, I also want to make movies that help men be better men and that can be an antidote to toxic masculinity.''' ,'''I don't think any movie is going to make some kid run out and have sex.''' ,'''Seeing yourself reflected on screen is a very important part of being human. It makes us feel less alone, it make us feel more connected to humanity.''' ,'''When I said yes to doing 'Queen's Gambit,' I was feeling burned out on directing and movie-wise wasn't sure what my next big project was going to be. So I said yes to doing this very different type of project that required a different skill set from me, sort of just to shake things up, if anything.''' ,'''It feels like there are two very different parts to making movies. There's the making of it and then there's the putting out of it - and I like the making of the movies a lot more than putting it out into the world.''' ,'''I have a hard time with films that I feel like I can predict every twist or turn they take from the moment I start reading the script.''' ,'''I love movies where the explosions and fireworks are happening inside someone's heart and mind instead of outside.''' ,'''I'm a pretty busy director and it's pretty hard for me to have three months where I could just leave the country and go work on someone's else's project.''' ,'''I never thought I was going to make a movie about men. I've always thought we don't have enough movies about women, and if I spent my whole life making movies only about women, there still wouldn't be enough movies about women, so that's a wonderful thing to dedicate my career to.''' ,'''I did not grow up in the 70s but in the 80s in the Bay Area, the child of hippies in Berkeley, so I felt connected to the place and the legendary things that had come before me historically that I'd missed.''' ,'''I haven't acted in 10 years. I always talk about being an actor, and yet I've been focusing on making movies for a long time.''' ,]
+++