+++
author = "Evan Glodell"
title = "Evan Glodell Quotes"
quotes_len = "14"
description = "the best 14 Evan Glodell Quotes"
keywords = "evan glodell,evan glodell quotes,evan glodell quote,evan glodell sayings,evan glodell saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I had a friend in high school who badly wanted to make movies and would recruit me as an actor. It was always so much fun. I decided, I'm going to go to Hollywood and make movies, which is a thought I'd never had before.''' ,'''When things aren't working out for people, the end of the world seems like an easy way to wipe the slate clean.''' ,'''I went to engineering school, which I thought was what I wanted to do, for about two weeks. We had an orientation class and we met this guy where he worked and stuff and it was cool, but I was like, 'There is no way this is going to be my life.'''' ,'''I'm just gonna make movies the best I can, do the festival thing or whatever can come. I plan on working with a lot of the same guys over and over again. I hope the majority of us can stick together.''' ,'''But I always see myself as the filmmaker. I wonder if everybody else sees me more as an actor.''' ,'''I hope I don't have to act in one of my own projects again.''' ,'''I am a mechanical techie. I can build things with my hands.''' ,'''I don't have any ambitions as an actor. I felt very uncomfortable doing it. The first take every day I'd open my mouth and no words would come out. I'd do a couple of takes and eventually I could run the lines.''' ,'''If the movies that I'm going to make anyway go mainstream, that would be the coolest thing ever. But I have set up a plan that I've been working on for a long time.''' ,'''I developed a group of friends around me that were all as crazy as I was about wanting to make films.''' ,'''I'm from Wisconsin; well, that's where I went to school from, like, sixth grade till I graduated high school.''' ,'''I was writing short films and I was going through this really, really, really terrible end of a relationship that I didn't want to be going through. It was too much for me to process and all of a sudden I had this idea for my first feature film and I knew right away I had to start writing it.''' ,'''Young men are crazy strange emotional beings.''' ,'''It was a hobby I got into a long time ago, hacking cameras. I was able to make my own using different lenses.''' ,]
+++