+++
author = "Elizabeth Reaser"
title = "Elizabeth Reaser Quotes"
quotes_len = "39"
description = "the best 39 Elizabeth Reaser Quotes"
keywords = "elizabeth reaser,elizabeth reaser quotes,elizabeth reaser quote,elizabeth reaser sayings,elizabeth reaser saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think part of the fun of being an actor is getting to work with different directors and seeing their take on it, what they're passionate about. They all have different ideas about your character.''' ,'''You really have to listen and be vulnerable and open to the other actors and the environment.''' ,'''It's interesting to me that I get cast as mothers and really maternal, sweet, nice people... Maybe I have a vulnerability or something; maybe that's what it is.''' ,'''People who know me would say they get a kick out of the fact that I'm always playing nice people, not that I'm not a nice person, but it's not a defining element.''' ,'''Sometimes I think your face and your bearing and your energy have so much more to do with the jobs you get than the actual work and the time and the effort that you put in, or the talent even.''' ,'''It is hard to date anywhere... I think you just get a little older and hopefully a clearer idea of who you - I don't know. It is hard.''' ,'''The Cullens, they're an interesting group of vampires. They're all really good but kind of bad. I mean, they are still vampires.''' ,'''I love kids. My sister has four boys, and I'm obsessed with them.''' ,'''I think Chris Weitz is an amazing director, and his sensibility - I wouldn't even know how to articulate it - it's just, he's a very sensitive, interesting guy.''' ,'''Mostly I work really unconsciously, and I think if the scenes are really well written, which they are, and if I just throw myself into it, I don't really think about it.''' ,'''I wanted to do plays. But then I got out of school and started getting jobs in movies and TV. And I seemed more suited to that. I like the intimacy of working for the camera, the size of performance it requires. I love getting into tiny moments.''' ,'''I get cast a lot of times in movies with nice people for some reason - because I have a nice face or something.''' ,'''It's surprisingly hard to play a vampire and feel believable. I mean, you want to be able to at least believe yourself.''' ,'''I have dated an actor or two. I've tried not to, but then, I don't want to be racist against actors.''' ,'''My career's been a steady, interesting, weird, frustrating, fun journey at all different times.''' ,'''I really wanted to do plays since I was a little girl. I wanted to go to Juilliard and to learn, but then I really fell in love with doing film and television along the way.''' ,'''Eventually, I realized that I would not have a life until I buckled down. Once I did, I auditioned for Juilliard - and that changed everything.''' ,'''I'm friends with Elizabeth Banks - she's a great actress but not actressy at all. She's very cool. I adore her.''' ,'''In my free time, I love to lay in bed.''' ,'''I don't wear sweatpants out as much as I would like. I would prefer to be in sweatpants most of the time.''' ,'''I think women who don't understand boundaries are fascinating.''' ,'''It's funny to be playing a mom. I mean, I'm not a mom in real life. I don't even have a dog.''' ,'''I was really bad until I was 18.''' ,'''I pretty much adore all my exes. I try to stay friends with them if I can.''' ,'''I'm not trying to take anything away from film acting, because it's also really hard, and I worship the people who are great at it. But to actually have to go out on stage night after night and do it with your audience right there is so wild and scary and exciting and fun and all the things that I remember loving about it.''' ,'''I love 'True Blood!'''' ,'''I've stayed away from Twitter for a long time because I sort of didn't trust myself with such an intimate but very public way of relating to the world, but I feel like I've studied it enough.''' ,'''I was a total bad girl growing up.''' ,'''I think, psychics, there are some people that really are psychic, and it doesn't make sense, but why should it make sense?''' ,'''I don't like to watch myself. For the most part, I find it weird. It depresses me; I'm very critical.''' ,'''I love, love, love to rehearse, but when you're rehearsing and then you go do it at night, it's a very weird thing, because you're incorporating all these new things.''' ,'''To me, there's so much we don't understand about our world, and I think it's really fascinating to see these people come up with the stuff that they come up with.''' ,'''I don't connect to a certain girliness or talking about girly things - I feel unauthentic and uncomfortable in that world - maybe I'm just more butch than I realize! I have, however, been fortunate to have a number of great girlfriends. You don't meet as many girls as you do guys in my line of work, so I do cherish my friendships.''' ,'''I'm often uncomfortable with girliness, to be honest.''' ,'''Maybe I don't see enough television, but it seems there aren't many shows that are romantic comedies that are an hour long where you're not solving a crime or being a doctor.''' ,'''I needed to do a play. I needed to learn how to act again, in a focused, all-encompassing way, and a really challenging play is a great way to do that.''' ,'''I did a film called 'Puccini for Beginners,' which was a romantic comedy, and I always wanted to do more, but I kept doing drama.''' ,'''My father raised me from the time I was 12 years old. And it would never occur to me that I wouldn't be strong - I wasn't raised like that.''' ,'''I was 16. In the middle of the night, I took a taxi to the Detroit train station - or maybe it was the Pontiac train station? - and got on a train to Chicago, then transferred to a train to San Diego where my boyfriend was living at the time.''' ,]
+++