+++
author = "Annie Potts"
title = "Annie Potts Quotes"
quotes_len = "13"
description = "the best 13 Annie Potts Quotes"
keywords = "annie potts,annie potts quotes,annie potts quote,annie potts sayings,annie potts saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I love series television because it's so much fun to have that much opportunity to paint the character.''' ,'''I sure do love theater. I mean, that's where I started. I am actually sort of shy, but something happens when the audience comes in. It's something nice for me. It terrifies me, but I'm able to do it.''' ,'''It's an interesting and demanding art to do voices. I have been told so many times that I have a distinctive voice, but of course, I don't hear my own voice as others do, so I don't know.''' ,'''I've always declined to speak about things I don't think are anybody's business, and what I always get from the interviewers is, 'Well, you know, we have to ask those things.' I say, 'Well, maybe you do, but I don't have to answer them.'''' ,'''I don't watch a lot of my work. I'm not really interested in seeing it after I do it. Because I came from theater, where, you know, it's impossible to actually review your work, so why would I bother under any other circumstances?''' ,'''I rarely find that things put in quotes, attributed to me, are things that I said -certainly in the context in which they are presented.''' ,'''They say getting a show on the air and having it be a success, literally, the odds are like winning the lottery. For me, I've won the lottery several times, so I've been awfully lucky.''' ,'''The divinely talented Adam Arkin. So underrated. Every time I do a piece and they go, 'You know, you need a husband in this,' I ask, 'Can Adam Arkin do it?'''' ,'''I have taught some master classes and things at my alma mater and sometimes at my kids' school. I will go in and talk to the theater students. I wouldn't really call myself a teacher.''' ,'''Animation is very singular. Like, even the 'Toy Story' movies. People will go, 'Oh, gosh, you're so lucky, getting to play opposite Tom Hanks!' And it's, like, 'It may have appeared to be that, but we were never in the room together.'''' ,'''I'm a character actor - always have been, always will be - and historically, character actors don't come into their own until later in their professional and chronological lives.''' ,'''Dixie Carter was a goddess. The kind of wife and mother that every mother hopes their daughter will become and the kind of friend that is absolutely irreplaceable. She loved fiercely and was adored in return.''' ,'''I'm a mother myself, and sometimes mothers get a bad rap just because they've tried to do their job. Some people have more of a knack for it than others do, but almost all of it falls to, 'My mother's suffocating me.' Whatever.''' ,]
+++