+++
author = "Seth Rollins"
title = "Seth Rollins Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Seth Rollins Quotes"
keywords = "seth rollins,seth rollins quotes,seth rollins quote,seth rollins sayings,seth rollins saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''It's nice when I have days off to go home and relax and literally take the weight off my shoulders and enjoy the simple things.''' ,'''My styles range quite a bit. I go for an all-around kind of fan. Never wanted to be the dude that could do one thing. I wanted to be the guy that could hang with anybody.''' ,'''When I get home off a long week, I go to the gym, have a great workout, and then I go home and order a giant taco pizza with a pint of Ben & Jerry's ice cream.''' ,'''I've done bingo halls and tents in front of 10 people with a cow mooing in the background. Doing that and then going to WrestleMania and the Superdome and wrestling in front of 80,000 people is night and day.''' ,'''My character is very polarising, sure.''' ,'''I'm a big avocado brother. I love the avocado. So if I can get some avocado in a meal, that's a big win.''' ,'''Ever since I was 3 years old, I wanted to be WWE champion. I got that belt during WrestleMania 31, and I want it back. It's what drives me.''' ,'''I do my best work alone. I travel alone a lot.''' ,'''I don't see myself in the ring as a high flyer or brawler or technical guy, but I feel I can do everything, work with everybody, and bring out the best in different people.''' ,'''I'm firmly entrenched in the Seth Rollins character. It is so close to who I am as a person, we're almost overtly intertwined.''' ,'''I grew up in the early 2000s, being one of the first-generation wrestlers to have access to the Internet and watch independent wrestling. We usually didn't have to trade tapes anymore. We could just get online and search A. J. Styles or Low Ki.''' ,'''One thing I never thought I would get to do is end up on 'The Daily Show,' not once, but twice.''' ,'''Fake is, like, the worst word you could possibly use to describe anything, you know?''' ,'''You just can't be someone else all the time; you just have to be you sometimes.''' ,'''I love telling the stories that we tell. I love playing the characters that we play.''' ,'''Dean Ambrose is somebody that I broke in with - The Shield - and we had a falling out, and things didn't go very well for us for awhile.''' ,'''I know it's kind of cliche, but my favourite is still the first 'Hell in a Cell.'''' ,'''As athletes, we train and travel so much, a lot of times our needs are not met calorically. But I don't like eating to be a chore, so I kind of just go with the flow.''' ,'''I want to be the best ever.''' ,'''The joke we always say is that WWE doesn't pay us to wrestle, they pay us to travel.''' ,'''We're not telling you we're out there fighting each other. We're going out there to entertain you.''' ,'''I'm well-versed on the mat, but I can pick up people much bigger than me.''' ,'''Usually, I get a bowl from Chipotle with rice and veggies and some meat and gotta get some guac on there because that's the best part.''' ,'''I think everyone respects Rock. He's obviously been in our industry his entire life in some form or fashion. He's a guy that works really hard, and most of our performers can appreciate that one way or another, whether it's in the movie industry or our industry.''' ,'''I spent a few years cutting my teeth in the Midwest; I worked for Ring of Honor, then I went down to Florida and relearned everything there.''' ,'''I'm a huge proponent of eating real food and eating a lot if it.''' ,'''Summerslam was a huge part of my childhood.''' ,'''Philadelphia is kind of like a Mecca for professional wrestling, especially the old ECW Arena down in South Philly. That's the place I always wanted to wrestle growing up, and I got that opportunity when I worked with Ring of Honor.''' ,'''My favorite thing is to just run into fans coincidentally.''' ,'''I loved the Rumble that Shawn Michaels won. Bulldog threw him over, and he hung on by the skin of the teeth and dumped Bulldog - that was one of my favourite ones.''' ,'''All my life I wanted to be WWE champion, so when I won that, that was great.''' ,'''Getting to share the ring with guys I idolized is never going to stop being surreal for me.''' ,'''Wrestling fans are usually pretty passionate, but Philly is one of the cities that takes that to a different level.''' ,'''My go-to is always Chipotle when I can't find anything, but if I have the time in the evening or something like that after a show, I'll go find a local spot for a nice craft beer and a good burger or something like that.''' ,'''As good as that first year in Ring of Honor was, the second year was really, really bad for me. In retrospect, it was great for me, but at the time, it was a tough situation to be in. I didn't have anyone around to mentor me where I needed to be.''' ,'''The Shield had run its course as a three-man group, and we'll go down in history as one of the greatest factions of all time.''' ,'''Sometimes I wrestled in front of very small crowds for very small amounts.''' ,'''CrossFit really teaches the basics and fundamentals of proper mechanical movement.''' ,'''Over the course of three years or so, I've been able to create a nice little Rolodex of CrossFit gyms. I've ingratiated myself to the community, and that allows for a much more accessible training session as far as privacy is concerned.''' ,'''They can't hang outside my hotel or come to the gym and stare at me for a half hour and expect me to be like, 'Cool. Awesome.'''' ,'''I am determined and never give up. Ever. I always do my best.''' ,'''My brother and I would wrestle in my grandparents' living room; that was our spot.''' ,'''I've got nothing but love for Justin Roberts, nothing but great things to say about him. It's a cliched thing to say you wish him well in his future endeavours, but I really do. I hope the best for him. He was involved in a lot of huge main events over the years. One thing about Justin was that he really loved WWE.''' ,'''I've always had the upmost confidence in my abilities as well as the other guys in The Shield. We all have kind of have the same mindset as far as success, personally and professionally.''' ,'''I didn't have any pedigree or any last name that would get me an opportunity to get looked at by WWE.''' ,'''Belichick's actually great. I wouldn't mind being the New England Patriots. They seem to win a lot. Four-game suspension here and there doesn't hurt nobody.''' ,'''If the opportunity came about, I would have no problem taking on The Rock at WrestleMania - sounds like a good time to me.''' ,'''Sometimes, if you go to the same gyms, the fans catch on to that, and they start hanging out at the gyms. It becomes a little bit of a circus.''' ,'''I don't avoid carbs. I don't avoid protein. I think it's just, again, about balance and finding what works for you and your body. For me, having a higher protein, higher carbohydrate, and middle-of-the-road fat count usually gets the job done as far as my energy needs and for my physique.''' ,'''I try not be an evildoer on the Internet.''' ,'''I consider myself an athlete. I train like an athlete, I eat like an athlete, I recover and get sore just like any other athlete.''' ,'''There's definitely pieces of Samoa Joe in the Seth Rollins repertoire, so it's cool he's part of the company now - something you thought you'd never see.''' ,'''I like a good suspense thriller when it's smart and well done like 'Armed Response' is.''' ,'''I love tag team wrestling. I've loved it my whole life.''' ,'''I feel like, for me, I've become smarter. I've become a more intelligent wrestler. I've become a more intelligent performer, and I think that shows.''' ,'''I've got a friend who's a power lifter, and she's a vegetarian. I don't know how she does it. I want red meat all the time. I applaud the discipline; I really do. I just can't do it. Good for her, but not for me.''' ,'''The Pedigree was something that I feel very fortunate to have it as a finisher.''' ,'''Before I discovered CrossFit, I was really just doing regular bodybuilding, didn't understand athletic training and movements. I didn't even know how to squat, necessarily.''' ,'''My biological dad was Armenian. My last name is Lopez, and I have a darker complexion, which throws people for a loop. My mother's first husband is Mexican. That's where I got Lopez.''' ,'''The Shield was only around for what? Two years? And we did a lot in two years. I think the fact that people even take those two years and put them up against the reputations of those other groups really says a lot about what we were able to accomplish in that short period of time.''' ,'''There's always room to mend broken hearts, I suppose.''' ,'''I've noticed that, over time, the intensity of my workouts is so high that I can get away with eating whatever I want. And I love eating a lot. So if I wanna eat more, I'll just work harder.''' ,'''Breakfast, for me, is usually some sort of omelette with some meat and veggies and potatoes and some good coffee. Then I'll usually do that into a workout, and I'll follow my workout with a shake, which is mostly protein and a little carb.''' ,'''Most of my workouts happen by myself because I travel so much.''' ,'''Don't get me wrong - our fanbase is super passionate, and I love them, but there's a difference between stalking me at the airport and just happening to see me.''' ,'''SummerSlam is always huge. I look at it like it is Wrestlemania.''' ,'''I watched the documentary 'I Hate Christian Laettner,' and I really hate Christian Laettner. It made me understand why everybody hates Christian Laettner and Duke basketball. I mean, they're just a bunch of preppy white boys from Tobacco Road or whatever.''' ,'''If you asked me whose spot do I want, I'd say I want John Cena's spot, so to beat him at WrestleMania would be a feather in my cap, for sure.''' ,'''Social media is great in some ways - if we're able to spread good messages.''' ,'''At the end of the day, I want to be my own person, I want to be my own performer, and I want to have a finisher that's synonymous with me and not with my mentor.''' ,'''A lot of celebrities who come on WWE, they don't know what to expect. And sometimes our crowd and our fans eat them up.''' ,'''With social media now, everybody's faceless, but I assume these kids sending me pictures of myself of Instagram are twelve, thirteen years old.''' ,'''I'm as talented as they come. I would have success in any era.''' ,'''I perform better under pressure. If I go out there, and I'm not nervous, and I'm too relaxed, I don't like that vibe. I like big matches. I like pressure situations.''' ,'''There's so much more you can do with four bodies in the rules of a tag team match than two guys in a singles match. It's just a completely different thing.''' ,'''Being able to be the guy that took down The Shield, there were a lot of people in the locker room who wish they could have said that.''' ,'''If my Instagram or Twitter has gotten people to try healthy supplements or enjoy a new form of fitness and feel better about themselves, then that's pretty rad.''' ,'''I'm not an egg whites guy. I can't deal with egg whites. I need the flavor of the yolk, and I like the fat of it as well.''' ,'''I was a big Hulkamaniac growing up in the early '90s.''' ,'''I like fats. I think fat is important. I think there is a reason we have it. Obviously it's part of our dietary makeup, so I don't avoid it.''' ,'''When I got to WWE developmental, that pedigree did not help you at all. It was against you. You were an enemy of the state when you walked in, when you had an independent background.''' ,'''If you've never been to a live WWE event, it's pretty awesome. A few hours of action-packed family fun. Bring everybody, from your babies to your grandparents.''' ,'''Any time you have significant injury, it is about the perspective, how you attack it.''' ,'''For me, I know my capabilities and the spectrum I can cover as an entertainer.''' ,'''I've got a good set of eyeballs on me, so I can spot talent.''' ,'''I was lucky enough at a young age to find out what I had a passion for, but whatever you've got a curiosity for, just give it a shot.''' ,'''The style is getting faster and faster. The athletes are getting better and better. The future is pretty bright for WWE.''' ,'''If you're not learning, then you're stagnant. If you're stagnant, then you're not evolving and the business isn't progressing.''' ,'''I grew up a huge fan of the WWE.''' ,'''Injuries make you stronger.''' ,'''Doing fight scenes in movies is a lot different than in WWE, but it was still relatively easy.''' ,'''I've always prided myself on doing different types of matches with different opponents.''' ,'''As long as the title's on the line, that's the match I want to be in.''' ,'''In life, if you're not learning from every experience, even the bad ones, you're really messing up. That's the marker of a smart, intelligent individual.''' ,'''I'm not mean to fans because I'm a bad guy. I'm mean to them because they're rude.''' ,'''I love wrestling. I love WWE. I love being a part of something special every single night we go out there.''' ,'''I honestly think my top moment, personally, was main eventing 'Hell in the Cell' because of what that meant overall in the grand scheme of things.''' ,'''A lot of time when you're out injured is spent with internal reflection and kind of looking at yourself in the mirror and deciding who you want to be and where you fit in.''' ,'''At the end of the day, if you look where The Shield was, where else are we going to go? Are we going to share the WWE World Heavyweight Championship? I don't think so.''' ,'''People just don't understand the art form of what we do. It's a mental and physical grind. You can't be a dolt in this industry. On the opposite end of that, you can be the smartest guy in the world and not understand what it is to have a presence on stage.''' ,]
+++