+++
author = "Nathan Kress"
title = "Nathan Kress Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Nathan Kress Quotes"
keywords = "nathan kress,nathan kress quotes,nathan kress quote,nathan kress sayings,nathan kress saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a really big 'Lord of the Rings' fan. I have all the extended editions.''' ,'''I got good grades in math, but I never really enjoyed it. My favorite part of math was algebra, but geometry was the worst.''' ,'''I'm an outdoorsy guy, but I also enjoy the average teenager stuff - video games, movies, hanging with friends. I'm just a normal guy!''' ,'''Everyone else in the 'iCarly' cast can operate on 5 hours of sleep, but not so for 'Old Man Nathan!'''' ,'''My favorite thing about acting is that I can play all kinds of different people. Frankly, I don't consider myself a very interesting person, so the characters I play are usually much more fun.''' ,'''My new obsession is 'Storage Wars.' I don't know how such a simple show concept can be so addicting, but I can sit and watch marathons of it.''' ,'''I'm thankful to say that I already have my dream job. I wouldn't trade it for anything.''' ,'''I definitely feel like kids do look up to me as a potential role model. It's an honor, but it can also be a burden. I may be on TV, but I'm also a teenager. I don't get it right every time. But I always do my absolute best to stay above board in every way. My fans inspire me to be a better person.''' ,'''I do enjoy playing some sports, even though none of them are organized. I enjoy football most of all.''' ,'''My biggest hobby is airsoft, which is similar to paintball. Essentially, it's military simulation, but the guns shoot plastic BBs. My friends and I go out in the woods or the desert and play all day long!''' ,'''I do hope to be an adult actor. But if it doesn't work out, I've been thinking about doing something in the medical therapy field, chiropractics or something like that. I've always been into the idea of helping people medically, but I can't stand blood or surgery. That freaks me out. So this would be a bloodless way to help people.''' ,'''Since I was very young, probably two or three, I had really good memorization skills. I would memorize stuff from TV and perform it for my family. I was the little performer for most of my early life. So eventually, my mom caught onto that and thought I might want to get into acting.''' ,]
+++