+++
author = "Stanley Tucci"
title = "Stanley Tucci Quotes"
quotes_len = "45"
description = "the best 45 Stanley Tucci Quotes"
keywords = "stanley tucci,stanley tucci quotes,stanley tucci quote,stanley tucci sayings,stanley tucci saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I like to see how I can do it for less money.''' ,'''I mean, Scorsese's a genius, and that's one way of shooting.''' ,'''My late wife - she died of cancer. We tried everything we could do to save her. I wish that I could have done more and that I could have been with her at the moment she passed away. I couldn't be in that room because I knew it would be so devastating that I wouldn't be able to take care of the kids after.''' ,'''Sometimes it's difficult directing yourself on film because you can't quite separate yourself from the subject.''' ,'''I would love to have my hair back and to be two inches taller - I am 5 ft. 8 in.''' ,'''I'm not interested in wasting money on a project.''' ,'''So yes, I hope to act in other people's movies, big and small, because that's how I make my living, really.''' ,'''Big Night and The Impostors are both things that I wrote.''' ,'''It's more interesting because you get to research the history of the period, and all the different aesthetic elements that make a film, particularly this film, so stunning.''' ,'''You don't want to watch people who are really awful. That's the goal whenever you're playing someone who's a little twisted. One of the important aspects of this is we just don't know who he is. Or who she is. And we find out along the way.''' ,'''I don't consider myself a mean person. I hope I'm not.''' ,'''I'm a control freak. Totally.''' ,'''I was always attracted to the past as a kid.''' ,'''The thing is, I'm a very practical filmmaker.''' ,'''I don't like not being busy.''' ,'''I'd read Up in the Old Hotel, and I wanted to do something with Mitchell's stuff for a long time.''' ,'''As a director you have to be careful you don't over-design the film. You have to be careful that the period aspect does not take over.''' ,'''Like Joseph Mitchell, I would scour the streets of New York and find little pieces of what other people think of as junk - and collect it.''' ,'''People wear shorts to the Broadway theater. There should be a law against that.''' ,'''I make time to write.''' ,'''I didn't know you had to change diapers so often. I couldn't believe it - we must change them 10 times a day - each. So that's 20 diapers a piece a day.''' ,'''I can remember the World's Fair in New York in 1964; I was three.''' ,'''I have consciously not taken the role of a gangster, which has been offered to me far too many times.''' ,'''I wanted to be an actor when I was a kid.''' ,'''I never go overbudget on my movies.''' ,'''The majority of directors I've worked with didn't know how to talk to actors.''' ,'''I'm actually one who will encourage directors to cut my lines.''' ,'''I'm not saying they won't be bigger projects someday.''' ,'''I write in the mornings. During my down time.''' ,'''As a director, I also get to sit and watch actors and learn from them in a way that I don't get to do when I'm just acting.''' ,'''I wanted to be an architect, an artist, or an actor.''' ,'''And I love doing my own projects; that's what I've always wanted to do.''' ,'''But usually I'll wake up and start writing about nine o'clock. I'll probably write for about three hours, and I'll do that over the next month and a half.''' ,'''I was dissatisfied just being an actor.''' ,'''Even The Impostors, as silly as it is, is a very intimate film, in a way.''' ,'''I live in London, and I spend a lot of time in England and have a lot of British friends.''' ,'''When I write a screenplay, and when I direct, I always pull lines out.''' ,'''I like to use all of myself, and acting wasn't doing that.''' ,'''My partner, Beth Alexander, and I want to produce smaller films, but commercially viable films that will enable me to make the kinds of movies I want to make.''' ,'''I love directing - it's always so involving, so challenging.''' ,'''I've always considered myself an actor first and foremost.''' ,'''I don't like to move the camera that much anyway.''' ,'''I would rather just do the things I want to do.''' ,'''You gotta make the movie you want to make.''' ,'''The constraints of melodrama can be a great blessing, because they demand that all the characters involved - as absurd and extreme as they may initially seem - must stay utterly rooted in their own reality, or the whole project collapses.''' ,]
+++