+++
author = "Angelina Jolie"
title = "Angelina Jolie Quotes"
quotes_len = "210"
description = "the best 210 Angelina Jolie Quotes"
keywords = "angelina jolie,angelina jolie quotes,angelina jolie quote,angelina jolie sayings,angelina jolie saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I was the punk outsider who nobody messed with. I was fearless. At 16, I graduated and moved out.''' ,'''Most women in my family start to get sick and start dying in their 40s, and I am going to be very happy to become 50 and 60. I love getting older.''' ,'''People wonder aloud about whether I am an okay mother. That is obviously painful because it's so important to me. It's hard to hear that people think I'm not a capable mother and a good person, that they just think I'm nuts.''' ,'''I think if you make a good movie, people walk away arguing.''' ,'''We care for each other and care about our family, and we are both working towards the same goal.''' ,'''I'm not somebody that just wants to hold up a white flag and say, 'Let's all just get along.' I think people that do horrible things should be held accountable.''' ,'''He knows my limitations and where I'm a good wife and a good mom.''' ,'''I don't like perfumes that are too strong or sweet. I like a fragrance that is earthy and sensual and can be worn at any time.''' ,'''I knew through the surgeries that he was on my side and that this wasn't something where I was gonna feel less of a woman, because my husband wasn't gonna let that happen.''' ,'''Everyone got kind of crazy with me mentioning I was in love with a woman.''' ,'''Once you have six children, you're committed.''' ,'''There's people constantly asking you for something on set, so the multi-tasking of motherhood transfers very well to being a director. And I think you're compassionate.''' ,'''I imagine I will be less involved in film and be focused more on family and foreign affairs.''' ,'''I was very worried about my mother, growing up - a lot. I do not want my children to be worried about me.''' ,'''I grew up as this very carefree, happy kid then things turned darker for me. Maybe it was because I saw that the world wasn't as happy a place as I had hoped it would be for me.''' ,'''They are resilient children, but they are children, and as much as they need help to understand the hard truths in life, they also need what we all need - protection and love.''' ,'''My whole family have all been through a difficult time. My focus is my children, our children.''' ,'''Maleficent was always so elegant. She always was in control. And to play her was difficult. I worked on my voice a lot. She's bigger than me. She's on a different level of performance that I have never done.''' ,'''I think that what happens when you lose a parent, where you lose - you drop into a different kind of serious.''' ,'''Without Cambodia, I may never have become a mother. Part of my heart is and will always be in this country. And part of this country is always with me: Maddox.''' ,'''I didn't die young. So I am very lucky. There are other artists and people that didn't survive certain things... people can imagine that I did the most dangerous, and I did the worst... for many reasons, I shouldn't be here.''' ,'''If you ask people what they've always wanted to do, most people haven't done it. That breaks my heart.''' ,'''I'm getting a wrinkle above my eyebrow because I just can't stop lifting it, and I love that you know.''' ,'''I think I should learn French and be a better cook - basic, really good life stuff.''' ,'''You have to just make the choices you make in life. I made the choices I made because I believed they were right for me.''' ,'''I love to put on lotion. Sometimes I'll watch TV and go into a lotion trance for an hour. I try to find brands that don't taste bad in case anyone wants to taste me.''' ,'''We will always be a family. Always.''' ,'''Acting helped me as I was growing up. It helped me learn about myself, helped me travel, helped me understand life, express myself, all those wonderful things. So I'm very, very grateful; it's a fun job. It's a luxury.''' ,'''I'm in a rare position where I don't have to do job after job. I can take time when my family needs it.''' ,'''I've told Billy if I ever caught him cheating, I wouldn't kill him because I love his children and they need a dad. But I would beat him up. I know where all of his sports injuries are.''' ,'''All the kids are learning different languages. I asked them what languages they wanted to learn, and Shi is learning Khmai, which is a Cambodian language; Pax is focusing on Vietnamese, Mad has taken to German and Russian, Z is speaking French, Vivienne really wanted to learn Arabic, and Knox is learning sign language.''' ,'''I do believe in the old saying, 'What does not kill you makes you stronger.' Our experiences, good and bad, make us who we are. By overcoming difficulties, we gain strength and maturity.''' ,'''Brad and I have never wanted our kids to be actors, but we also want them to be around film and be a part of Mommy and Daddy's life and for it not to be kept from them, either. We just want them to have a good, healthy relationship with it.''' ,'''Sometimes I think my husband is so amazing that I don't know why he's with me. I don't know whether I'm good enough. But if I make him happy, then I'm everything I want to be.''' ,'''For me, there have been times when an action movie, even a 'Tomb Raider,' has helped me get out of myself and be physical again. It's like therapy.''' ,'''I learned to fly a few years ago in England. It's the only place I'm completely alone - up in the air, detached from everything.''' ,'''I notice that my characters go out to dinner and have fun and take these great trips, but I spend so much time on their lives, I don't have much of a personal life of my own. I have to sort of remember to fill out that little notebook on me.''' ,'''I think it speaks of all women having those few special things that make them feel feminine. And so when I was a little girl, I would associate Guerlain with that.''' ,'''Anytime I feel lost, I pull out a map and stare. I stare until I have reminded myself that life is a giant adventure, so much to do, to see.''' ,'''Like every parent, when you start your family, your life completely changes. And you completely live for someone else. I find that the most extraordinary thing. Your life is handed over to someone else. From that moment on, they come first in every choice you make. It's the most wonderful thing.''' ,'''I wouldn't put myself forward to do a film like 'Changeling' if I thought I couldn't pull people into a story because of all the other ways people see me.''' ,'''She would have thrived as a grandmother. I know how much she would have contributed to their lives, and I am sad they will miss out on that.''' ,'''My children love Maleficent's voice, so they always make me do it at home.''' ,'''To be clear: we have fights and problems like any other couple.''' ,'''I like to hide behind the characters I play. Despite the public perception, I am a very private person who has a hard time with the fame thing.''' ,'''I do have tatoos, and I do wear leather, but there are other sides of me, that my film express.''' ,'''If you're going to spend two years of your life on something, it has to matter to you; you have to be passionate about it.''' ,'''I'm just wanting to make the proper breakfast and keep the house. That's my passion. At the request of my kids, I'm taking cooking classes. As I go to sleep at night, I think, 'Did I do a great job as a mom, or was that an average day?'''' ,'''I grew up with my career being thrust upon me. It took me a long time to believe that I could do more than that one aspect of our business.''' ,'''I've realized that being happy is a choice. You never want to rub anybody the wrong way or not be fun to be around, but you have to be happy. When I get logical and I don't trust my instincts - Thats when I get in trouble.''' ,'''I'd like to believe that the people that have supported me in my work or identified with me in films, the people that feel they know me, they do and they don't have misconceptions - they understand. I believe that.''' ,'''There's certainly a side of me that isn't completely... sane. Or completely 'even' all the time. We all have our dark sides.''' ,'''My mother was an Earth Mother and the nicest person in the world.''' ,'''I am odd-looking. I sometimes think I look like a funny Muppet.''' ,'''I want to work; then, as my kids get older, I want to have adventures. I want to visit all their countries: learn and live inside all their cultures.''' ,'''What nourishes me also destroys me.''' ,'''I'm a very private person. I don't go out much. I'm home with kids. I go to work. I don't really like being the focus of attention, which is why I like being behind the camera more.''' ,'''I always felt caged, closed in, like I was punching at things that weren't there. I always had too much energy for the room I was in.''' ,'''If you have enough people sitting around telling you you're wonderful, then you start believing you're fabulous, then someone tells you you stink and you believe that too!''' ,'''When I first went to places where people were suffering from war and persecution, I felt ashamed of my feelings of sadness. I could see more possibilities in my life.''' ,'''The great thing about having a bunch of kids is they just remind you that you're the person who takes them to go poop!''' ,'''There's the chaos surrounding the practical day-to-day - playdates, doctors' appointments, packing and unpacking, and organizing mealtimes.''' ,'''When I was little... I didn't relate to princesses. I saw Maleficent, and I just thought she was so - she was so elegant.''' ,'''Just be a cool grandpa who's creative, and hang out and tell stories and read a book in the library.''' ,'''Everything I do, I hope, is that I represent something, and I represent the right things to my children and give them the right sense of what they're capable of and the world as it should be seen.''' ,'''Women have a certain sexuality, and I think their bodies are beautiful, and I'm not embarrassed to explore that in a film. But there are things you get offered that are vulgar and violent - just like there's a side of me that's vulgar and violent.''' ,'''When I feel I'm doing too much, I do less if I can.''' ,'''I'm not somebody that thinks about destiny and fate, but I don't walk away from it when something unfolds.''' ,'''I wanted to tell the story of Luong Ung, who's a dear friend of mine.''' ,'''My mother was a full-time mother. She didn't have much of her own career, her own life, her own experiences... everything was for her children. I will never be as good a mother as she was. She was just grace incarnate. She was the most generous, loving - she's better than me.''' ,'''Sometimes, women in families put themselves last until it manifests itself in their own health.''' ,'''I probably wouldn't have made it this far if I were a refugee.''' ,'''Not many people know this about me, but I'm a natural blonde. My hair went from light blonde naturally to a darker kind of blonde. My mother dyed my hair dark when I was a child, as I loved the look then. So I'm basically a natural blonde.''' ,'''My mom, she was a very, very soft woman. It was hard for her to yell or even curse. But when it came to fighting for her kids, she found a strength she didn't always know she had.''' ,'''I've been reckless, but I'm not a rebel without a cause.''' ,'''The boys know they're from Southeast Asia, and they have their food and their music and their friends, and they have a pride particular to them.''' ,'''Honestly, I like everything, boyish girls, girlish boys, the heavy and the skinny.''' ,'''Homework's hard. Especially math. My kids joke with me. They tell me they have homework. I say, 'Okay.' And then I sit down and they say, 'It's math.' 'No! Not math! English, history, anything!'''' ,'''I think the depth, what children can handle and what they're interested in, is much deeper than I think what people assume. I think it's why sometimes we make things too simple for them.''' ,'''I had a C-section, and I found it fascinating. I didn't find it a sacrifice, and I didn't find it a painful experience. I found it a fascinating miracle of what a body can do.''' ,'''I seem to be getting a lot of things pushed my way that are strong women. It's like people see Hackers and they send me offers to play tough women with guns, the kind who wear no bra and a little tank top. I'd like to play strong women who are also very feminine.''' ,'''War is so complex; human nature is so complex. There's no filmmaker who has ever figured it out perfectly.''' ,'''The American people are bigger than any president. I suppose I have faith in my country and in what it is founded on and the values we hold dear.''' ,'''I never felt settled or calm. You can't really commit to life when you feel that.''' ,'''I try to lead by example, being conscious of others and being responsible.''' ,'''All women do have a different sense of sexuality, or sense of fun, or sense of like what's sexy or cool or tough.''' ,'''It's getting harder to make decisions to just want to do something to work... I'm trying to find things that are extremely challenging or mean something to me deeply.''' ,'''I've never lived my life in the opinion of others. I believe I'm a good person. I believe I'm a good mom. But that's for my kids to decide, not for the world.''' ,'''I like someone who is a little crazy but coming from a good place. I think scars are sexy because it means you made a mistake that led to a mess.''' ,'''Sexism is part of every industry and must be addressed. But I try not to focus on the negative but the positive side of what we can bring.''' ,'''I always play women I would date.''' ,'''I need more sex, OK? Before I die I wanna taste everyone in the world.''' ,'''I don't let a lot of reporters meet my children.''' ,'''I take my kids to school. And if I go to work, I go to work, and they visit me on set. I come home. I have dinner with my family. I have breakfast with my family. I have a very solid, very warm home.''' ,'''Men don't really like skinny, do they?''' ,'''I prefer directing to acting. There is huge freedom that comes from being behind the camera. It brings a lot of responsibilities as well but is intensely rewarding.''' ,'''If something inconveniences my children too much or takes me away from them, I won't do it.''' ,'''None of my kids want to be actors. They are actually very interested in being musicians. I think they like the process of film from the outside. Mad is interested in editing. Pax loves music and deejaying.''' ,'''I don't see myself as beautiful, because I can see a lot of flaws. People have really odd opinions. They tell me I'm skinny, as if that's supposed to make me happy.''' ,'''I made a decision to have a preventive double mastectomy. I started with the breasts, as my risk of breast cancer is higher than my risk of ovarian cancer, and the surgery is more complex.''' ,'''You just don't know when you get in the editing room what you will need as a link or a tool for a transition. If you're in a room, and there's a kettle boiling, get a shot of it. Don't worry if people think you're nuts.''' ,'''If I think more about death than some other people, it is probably because I love life more than they do.''' ,'''I feel matured in a way that I'm happy about. I'm at this other stage in my life - and it's not a bad thing at all.''' ,'''I didn't even know I needed throw pillows. That was always Brad's thing.''' ,'''Make bold choices and make mistakes. It's all those things that add up to the person you become.''' ,'''This has been my life for many years; one role feeds the other.''' ,'''When I was growing up, I wanted to adopt, because I was aware there were kids that didn't have parents.''' ,'''I tend not to look back and dwell on a project once it is finished.''' ,'''I'm terrible at reading scripts. I love to read, and I hate reading scripts.''' ,'''Something I learned as an actor was which scenes needed to be rehearsed and which actors are good with rehearsal, which actors learn from it, and which ones grow stale because they start to second-guess themselves.''' ,'''When I was younger, I was testing myself and questioning everything, but now it's less about that and more about these are the years of my life with my family.''' ,'''To be in any way a positive contribution, that's all anybody wants to be. It's all I've ever wanted to be. I wanted to be an artist, be a mother. You want to feel that in your life you've been of use, in whatever way that comes out.''' ,'''They're right to think that about me, because I'm the person most likely to sleep with my female fans, I genuinely love other women. And I think they know that.''' ,'''I'm odd looking. Sometimes I think I look like a funny muppet.''' ,'''I think all women go through periods where we hate this about ourselves, we don't like that. It's great to get to a place where you dismiss anything you're worried about. I find flaws attractive. I find scars attractive.''' ,'''Therapy? I don't need that. The roles that I choose are my therapy.''' ,'''Every woman is different when they go through menopause, and... I didn't know emotionally how I would feel.''' ,'''I don't want people saying, 'Should we get a female director?' I want to hear, 'Should we get a great director for this movie?'''' ,'''I cannot sit still.''' ,'''I went through a period when I felt my film characters were having more fun than I was. It might partly explain why I ended up tattooed or doing certain extreme things in my life.''' ,'''When you work as a humanitarian, you are conscious that politics have to be considered. Because if you really want to make an extreme change, then you have a responsibility.''' ,'''I'm doing more of my U.N. work and doing the African Union Summit and things like that.''' ,'''Obviously, there's a part of me that takes the world of violence and death very seriously. However, when it comes to protection, or when it comes to just the skill of shooting... I've gone to the range with sniper rifles and things like that.''' ,'''There are certain things that bother me and certain things that don't. Personal attacks on me? I think I'm just so used to it.''' ,'''I loved being Maleficent. I was quite sad to put my staff down and put my horns away because somehow, she just lives in a different world.''' ,'''Life comes with many challenges. The ones that should not scare us are the ones we can take on and take control of.''' ,'''My mom always wanted me to be an actor. And I started going to theater and going on auditions young.''' ,'''I am a strong believer that without justice, there is no peace. No lasting peace, anyway.''' ,'''The truth is I love being alive. And I love feeling free. So if I can't have those things then I feel like a caged animal and I'd rather not be in a cage. I'd rather be dead. And it's real simple. And I think it's not that uncommon.''' ,'''I love great journalism. I appreciate it. I love a good, you know, I love good news stories. I love great books. I love great articles. I appreciate them so much, and they've been part of my education as a woman.''' ,'''I love Brad in every state.''' ,'''When I get logical, and I don't trust my instincts - that's when I get in trouble.''' ,'''I'm happy being myself, which I've never been before. I always hid in other people, or tried to find myself through the characters, or live out their lives, but I didn't have those things in mine.''' ,'''I've learned that we all change constantly. It's rare to find that person who is growing with you in the same way at the same time, who encourages you to grow.''' ,'''If every choice you make comes from an honest place, you're solid, and nothing anybody can say about you can rock you or change your opinion.''' ,'''There's nothing I have to hide or defend. I'm gonna live my life. And there are times when people wanna try to attack me, and I don't know why, but they will. And that's okay.''' ,'''When other little girls wanted to be ballet dancers I kind of wanted to be a vampire.''' ,'''I'd like to think that I'm a calm and sweet person. I tend to be very playful at home with my children, but in life... we have to fight our battles - our work battles, our political battles, our personal battles - and we're focused.''' ,'''The side of fairytales I don't like is that they always have happy endings, that there's just good and evil, and things are perfect. But life is a little more complicated, and that's what I try to teach my kids.''' ,'''I get impatient with people working on a film that have their head in their hands like it's the most complicated thing in the world.''' ,'''Where ever I am I always find myself looking out the window wishing I was somewhere else.''' ,'''When you are an actor, you have to stay inside this world, but when you are with the crew, on the outside, you are in the dirt, working through all the issues. It's just a different way of working, and I think I preferred it.''' ,'''I have much more support than most women around this world, and I have the financial means to have a home and help with care and food.''' ,'''I imagine I will spend my days traveling from country to country to visit our children, who I expect will live around the world.''' ,'''Every three months, I'll say, 'Honey, I think I should learn how to cook'.''' ,'''There are many things I do where the centre of it is... It's almost more my humanitarian work than art.''' ,'''I don't believe in guilt; I believe in living on impulse as long as you never intentionally hurt another person. And don't judge people in your life. I think you should live completely free.''' ,'''I'm a woman, and anytime you tell a woman that she looks nice, it's not going to upset her.''' ,'''I have so much in my life. I want to be of value to the world.''' ,'''Sometimes I try to just sit at home and do something calmer and simpler and just be in my life. You know, not trying to solve a lot of things at once.''' ,'''There's something about death that is comforting. The thought that you could die tomorrow frees you to appreciate your life now.''' ,'''I want to support other women because of the opportunities I've had - and I've had a lot of opportunities. What I try as a female director is to do the best job I can and, in the meantime, bring attention to as many other female directors and writers as I can.''' ,'''That's when it becomes a business. When you've been public a long time, when it's a career. You do certain films, you sell them.''' ,'''In my father's generation, the product was 80 percent of what you were putting into the world, and your personal life was 20 percent. It now seems that 80 percent of the product I put out is silly, made-up stories and what I'm wearing.''' ,'''My mother fought cancer for almost a decade and died at 56. She held out long enough to meet the first of her grandchildren and to hold them in her arms. But my other children will never have the chance to know her and experience how loving and gracious she was.''' ,'''My mother was a very natural woman. She never spoiled herself, never wore make-up, and wore modest jewellery, but she always had a few special items for when she wanted to feel like a lady. One of those special items - and I remember it because it seemed so elegant - was her Guerlain powder.''' ,'''The fact is I am not having sex. But I feel absolutely ripe for the, what would you say? plucking?''' ,'''I don't think the money people in Hollywood have ever thought I was normal, but I am dedicated to my work and that's what counts.''' ,'''It was weird to be married; you kind of lose your identity. You're suddenly somebody's wife. And you're like, 'Oh, I'm half of a couple now. I've lost me.'''' ,'''Brad was a huge surprise to me. I think we were both the last two people who were looking for a relationship. I certainly wasn't. I was quite content to be a single mom with Mad.''' ,'''I became an actress because my mom wanted me to become an actress. It took me until my mid-30s to realize I actually didn't. I actually wanted to write and direct and be more involved in politics and humanitarian issues.''' ,'''Ever since I dated a woman, I know what it is to grab a curve on a woman's body. Skinny's not fine when the lights are low.''' ,'''I never thought I'd have children; I never thought I'd be in love, I never thought I'd meet the right person. Having come from a broken home - you kind of accept that certain things feel like a fairy tale, and you just don't look for them.''' ,'''I never like being touched, ever. People used to say I held my breath when they were hugging me. I still do.''' ,'''I'd go from film to film and almost detach from one world and jump in another. I was living as these people and not having a self. I didn't know who I was. And things just get really dark.''' ,'''Oh, God, I struggle with low self-esteem all the time! I think everyone does. I have so much wrong with me, it's unbelievable!''' ,'''I didn't really want to live, so anything that was an investment in time made me angry... but also I just felt sad. When the hopelessness is hurting you, it's the fixtures and fittings that finish you off.''' ,'''We have a choice about how we take what happens to us in our life and whether or not we allow it to turn us. We can become consumed by hate and darkness, or we're able to regain our humanity somehow, or come to terms with things and learn something about ourselves.''' ,'''Breast cancer alone kills some 458,000 people each year, according to the World Health Organization, mainly in low- and middle-income countries. It has got to be a priority to ensure that more women can access gene testing and lifesaving preventive treatment, whatever their means and background, wherever they live.''' ,'''To be intimate with a married man, when my own father cheated on my mother, is not something I could forgive. I could not look at myself in the morning if I did that. I wouldn't be attracted to a man who would cheat on his wife.''' ,'''Brad will tell you. He puts a movie on, I'm asleep in 10 minutes. I have no patience. But the kids love action movies with comedy, Jackie Chan and all that.''' ,'''Maleficent has suffered abuse in the past, and there's a reason why she is now as furious as she is. And I think that children who have been outcast and abused in any way will relate to her. There's a beautiful side to her; she's not just a dark person. She has all these facets. And that is interesting.''' ,'''Our diversity is our strength. What a dull and pointless life it would be if everyone was the same.''' ,'''Seeing Pax get extra-nervous about which shirt he is going to wear when he meets Aung San Suu Kyi, I get very moved. He rightfully doesn't get nervous going to a movie premiere; he gets nervous going to meet her.''' ,'''I actually feel more of a woman because I feel like I'm being smart about my choices, and I'm putting my family first, and I'm in charge of my life and my health. I think that's what makes a woman complete.''' ,'''It's probably not an accident that the films that I care about happen to be about issues that matter to me, stories that I want to tell.''' ,'''I like to work with artists from around the world. There are so many new inspiring filmmakers.''' ,'''Our lifestyle was not in any way a negative. That was not the problem. That is and will remain one of the wonderful opportunities we are able to give our children.''' ,'''The 'Maddox Jolie-Pitt' Foundation's work is inspired by our children and their connections to particular countries.''' ,'''Sadly, of course, there is real evil in the world. You watch the news, and you see all of the people suffering and so much cruelty.''' ,'''I like everything. Boyish girls, girlish boys, the heavy and the skinny. Which is a problem when I'm walking down the street.''' ,'''I actually feel like women in my position, when we have all at our disposal to help us, shouldn't complain when we consider all of the people who are really struggling and don't have the means or support. Many people are single, raising children. That's hard.''' ,'''The loss of a child is my greatest nightmare.''' ,'''If I didn't have my films as an outlet for all the different sides of me, I would probably be locked up.''' ,'''I've played real people before, but I never knew them.''' ,'''We travel often to Asia, Africa, Europe, where they were born.''' ,'''Cancer is still a word that strikes fear into people's hearts, producing a deep sense of powerlessness. But today it is possible to find out through a blood test whether you are highly susceptible to breast and ovarian cancer, and then take action.''' ,'''It's a great thing about being pregnant - you don't need excuses to pee or to eat.''' ,'''I don't see the point of doing an interview unless you're going to share the things you learn in life and the mistakes you make. So to admit that I'm extremely human and have done some dark things I don't think makes me unusual or unusually dark. I think it actually is the right thing to do, and I'd like to think it's the nice thing to do.''' ,'''If I make a fool of myself, who cares? I'm not frightened by anyone's perception of me.''' ,'''I was of the generation where most of the Disney princesses and female characters were not girls that I admired. They just weren't characters I looked up to and identified with.''' ,'''My chances of developing breast cancer have dropped from 87 percent to under 5 percent. I can tell my children that they don't need to fear they will lose me to breast cancer.''' ,'''Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes. To make it right, pain and suffering is the key to all windows, without it, there is no way of life.''' ,'''The moment you have a child, in an instant your life is not for you, and your life is completely, 100 percent dedicated to another human being, and they will always come first. It changes you forever. It changes your perspective, and it gives you a nice purpose and focus.''' ,'''If anything, I get most upset because I wanna read a good paper first thing in the morning. And if I see a lie about myself flash across the front of the cover, I don't think much of the rest of the newspaper.''' ,'''I think it's very important to cry in the shower and not in front of them. They need to know that everything's going to be all right, even when you're not sure it is.''' ,'''We think it's fun for our kids to have cameos and join us on set, but not to be actors. That's not our goal for Brad and me at all. I think we would both prefer that they didn't become actors.''' ,'''I am deeply grateful to the citizens of Sarajevo and the Sarajevo Canton assembly for bestowing upon me this incredible honor of citizenship. I am so proud to now be a part of such an extraordinary part of the world and fellow citizen to the people I deeply love and admire.''' ,'''It's hard to be clear about who you are when you are carrying around a bunch of baggage from the past. I've learned to let go and move more quickly into the next place.''' ,'''I'm always doing something. I never shut my brain off. I always have something going on.''' ,'''It is a joy to be an artist, but it doesn't mean very much unless that work is somehow useful in some way and contributes to others.''' ,'''If you don't get out of the box you've been raised in, you won't understand how much bigger the world is.''' ,'''Real food, I've found, is actually better than dieting.''' ,'''I never woke up and thought, 'I really want to live a bold life.'''' ,'''Let's embrace being not normal!''' ,'''First and foremost comes my family and my life with Brad. We have so much joy in raising our children and teaching them about the world that nothing really compares to that.''' ,'''If there is even one woman out there who went and got checked and found that she had cancer or she was positive and she caught something in time, and if in any small way I was a part of that, it makes me very emotional.''' ,'''I'm just glad I was able to return to some of that innocence and beauty I had as a child when I started my own family, and my children brought me back some of that spirit.''' ,'''It is really funny when people say you'd be obvious for a great villain.''' ,'''I always wanted a great love affair: something that feels big and full, really honest, and enough. No moment should feel slight, false, or a little off. For me, it had to be everything.''' ,]
+++