+++
author = "Billie Piper"
title = "Billie Piper Quotes"
quotes_len = "15"
description = "the best 15 Billie Piper Quotes"
keywords = "billie piper,billie piper quotes,billie piper quote,billie piper sayings,billie piper saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Weight doesn't matter as long as you're happy with yourself.''' ,'''I am thinking about those things now. More so than all my friends - they're a lot older than me, but they're not even thinking about babies.''' ,'''I would really love to do a musical, I don't know in what capacity but something funny.''' ,'''I'm reading more than ever. I used to find it tedious, but now it's like my little friend - it takes my mind off things.''' ,'''The more things you own, the more people you need to employ.''' ,'''There are lots of great movies coming out of the U.S. but it's not something I've ever really been interested in. They're great films but I much prefer the smaller independent films, which are more thought provoking and experimental.''' ,'''I'm happy in the UK. I absolutely love it and I've finally got a great group of friends. I've got a lovely little flat and my work's here.''' ,'''There's not enough money in the world to get me singing 'Because We Want To' again. I wouldn't do it. I think Beyonce Knowles got a couple of million for a private show but I would be happy to turn it down.''' ,'''In the next few years I'd love to play a female version of Doctor Who. I know exactly how I would play her - she would be crafty in a clever kind of way.''' ,'''Steve Coogan does something for me. He is so naughty, but I quite fancy him.''' ,'''A musical film is my idea of heaven. You can pre-record, you don't have to sing live. Singing live was the bit I hated the most. I never felt like a confident singer.''' ,'''That's what the 'Doctor' is about, essentially - having that energy that you just can't understand.''' ,'''I have to teach myself. I kind of wish I'd continued with my education, but that's something I can do in the future.''' ,'''I love fresh flowers for my home. I spend far too much money on them, buying them almost every day.''' ,'''Amadu is all about the family. I've never known love like that before, and it made me think, 'I want a bit of that'. It kind of forced me to get to know my family again. Another reason why he's so lovely.''' ,]
+++