+++
author = "Aminatta Forna"
title = "Aminatta Forna Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Aminatta Forna Quotes"
keywords = "aminatta forna,aminatta forna quotes,aminatta forna quote,aminatta forna sayings,aminatta forna saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My family's a ruling family.''' ,'''A hospital is a good place to set various dilemmas.''' ,'''I get a very vague idea and - perhaps because I once was a journalist, or perhaps because that's what made me want to be a journalist - I go off and explore it for a bit, rather than mapping out a plot and then filling in the research.''' ,'''I don't have very many little fetishes, but the one I do have is that I like a particular mug to drink out of. It's just a small china cup, and I get very upset if my husband moves it.''' ,'''Jung Chang was the first person to tell a grand historical, political story through a personal narrative.''' ,'''I was always at heart a novelist and wanted to tell a bigger story, so I wanted to create people who told other kinds of truths than literal truths.''' ,'''What ultimately happened is that my country had a war. I think it would be extraordinary, as a writer, not to want to write about that.''' ,'''Increasingly, there are those of us who write from outside the center, and those are the writers that I'm most interested in because they bring me into worlds that I did not previously know. And that, as a writer, is what I try to create.''' ,'''I'm at my desk for about 9:30 A.M., and I stay there all day. Then there's a lot of checking Facebook and eBay and that sort of thing.''' ,'''I temporarily became a surgeon for 'Memory of Love'. I spent two weeks in an operating theatre, watching amputations, and I loved it.''' ,'''My childhood ended in this horrible way. I lived in a country where I didn't trust anybody.''' ,'''Everyone thinks I have a coffee plantation in Sierra Leone, but I have a cashew crop project. I wrote about a woman who owns a coffee plantation! When you are talking about a woman writer coming from a hot country, there's a complete assumption that she is writing about her own life.''' ,'''I'm a doctor's daughter. I'm not squeamish at all.''' ,'''Most writers I know go for word counts, and I used to be a journalist, so I guess that's ingrained.''' ,'''I was brought up in a household where you stood up to be counted.''' ,'''No one ever sits you down at age eight and says, 'Aminatta, this is what's happened so far.' You have to work it out for yourself, and by the time you do, it's ancient history to many of the players. We're trying to make sense of the past, so we start to excavate our memories.''' ,]
+++