+++
author = "Cory Hardrict"
title = "Cory Hardrict Quotes"
quotes_len = "19"
description = "the best 19 Cory Hardrict Quotes"
keywords = "cory hardrict,cory hardrict quotes,cory hardrict quote,cory hardrict sayings,cory hardrict saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When I saw 'Independence Day,' I said, 'I want to be like Will Smith.' I want to do something like that. If he can do it, maybe one day I can come close to a set like that.''' ,'''My son is my routine and priority, period!''' ,'''I love helping people; just being of service makes me happy!''' ,''''Lovelace' was really great. I got to work with the wonderful Amanda Seyfried, Hank Azaria and Peter Sarsgaard, so it can't get no better than that, right? I had a blast, and the film is a very, very well put together movie - from the director to the writing the cast.''' ,''''Warm Bodies' is a love story: a zombie-human being love story. And people are comparing it to 'Twilight,' but I think it's three times better. It has a comedic twist to it as well.''' ,'''I would love to play the President of the United States. I have been told we resemble each other, and it would be a challenge I would be up for. Obama is from the south side of Chitown, and so am I... I'm just saying, but be on the lookout.''' ,'''Tia and I have been together for 10 years. Our relationship is not just something that happened overnight. She was with me when I moved to California. I had nothing, and she was established, who had all this money, but she didn't care. That's how I knew she was real.''' ,'''I'm just trying to touch the world and touch the people and just get good material. And show them that we can get it done. Just because you're African American, you still can touch the masses. And that's my goal. I won't stop until that goal is continued to push it hard to the world that we are the universal person as well.''' ,'''Martin Lawrence had no filter, and to me that was the greatest half hour of all time. Martin was ahead of his time.''' ,'''I dreamed of doing stuff like Will Smith and films on a big scale.''' ,'''I was very excited to meet Amanda Seyfried. She is one of the most humbling human beings you will ever meet. She deserves success.''' ,''''Lovelace' was really great. I got to work with the wonderful Amanda Seyfried, Hank Azaria and Peter Sarsgaard, so it can't get no better than that, right?''' ,'''I have my name Cory on my left arm, and I have my mom's name on my right with a cross. She passed away while I was still in high school, so I got that on my right arm.''' ,'''I love hot edamame with truffle sauce.''' ,'''I love doing movies that touch people's lives.''' ,'''I promised my mum that if something did happen to her, although I never thought anything would, I told her that I wouldn't give up on acting until I got my Oscar. This was her dream for me.''' ,'''My mum died of leukemia when I was in high school - she lost her life at 40. It was very hard, and I didn't do that much in Chicago after that. I actually sat around and didn't do anything for three years. I didn't know what I wanted to do anymore because my everything was gone. I was a mama's boy, and I had to turn into a man real quick.''' ,'''I believe family first. Blood is thicker than water. I grew up like that, and I want to continue to keep that goal in my heart. Just family first! Just honesty, integrity, and respect. All of that. I live by the code of those things. If you do that you'll be fine.''' ,'''To be honest, I still feel like I haven't scratched the surface of where I want to be. If someone asked me for an autograph, I'd be like, 'Me? I haven't done anything yet !' I have much more to offer the world.''' ,]
+++