+++
author = "Kepa Arrizabalaga"
title = "Kepa Arrizabalaga Quotes"
quotes_len = "18"
description = "the best 18 Kepa Arrizabalaga Quotes"
keywords = "kepa arrizabalaga,kepa arrizabalaga quotes,kepa arrizabalaga quote,kepa arrizabalaga sayings,kepa arrizabalaga saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have always stayed focused, working to the fullest.''' ,'''The coach will decide the best for the team, but in practice, I will try to make an effort for the good of the group above all.''' ,'''I'm here now playing for Chelsea. I chose to leave my home at Athletic Bilbao, and it was an important step in my career.''' ,'''The only pressure I experience is the pressure I put on myself. I demand a lot from myself.''' ,'''It's a good thing to interact with a top goalkeeper who has so much experience in the Premier League.''' ,'''Rejecting Madrid? It's true that during the process, I decided to stay on the fringes. It was a time when I needed to think things through.''' ,'''Every player settles into a new league in different ways.''' ,'''I do need to focus on playing my football and what's happening on the pitch rather than off it... I want to be myself and not think about it.''' ,'''I always like to have the best players in my team.''' ,'''Looking towards the future excites me with the possibilities we have to improve, and I'm excited about what the future might bring.''' ,'''Those who are close to me know that I am a person who likes to analyse everything before making a decision.''' ,'''In order to play at the World Cup, I know I have to do well with my club, Athletic.''' ,'''You need a little time, the usual sort of time it takes to get to know your team-mates and the league itself, but it's all good, generally. I'm very happy.''' ,'''All clubs needs to fight to win titles, and what all players want is to win.''' ,'''What I will do is work, although it is clear that we all want to play.''' ,'''I know all the Spanish players that I have played with in the various age groups for Spain. I have spoken to various players before I came here; Azpilicueta, Morata, and Pedro.''' ,'''It was a life decision, deciding which path to take in my career. I needed time to get together with my family and closest friends.''' ,'''I'm aware that De Gea is a good goalkeeper. He's had a great career, and he's been great over a number of years.''' ,]
+++