+++
author = "Pia Toscano"
title = "Pia Toscano Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Pia Toscano Quotes"
keywords = "pia toscano,pia toscano quotes,pia toscano quote,pia toscano sayings,pia toscano saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'd like to do a pop album with an R and B influence. I definitely want to have those big ballads with the uptempo hits as well.''' ,'''I just want to make everybody feel what I'm singing. And just to relate to me and know that this has been dream since I was a little girl. I've worked so hard for this, and I just want them to connect with me.''' ,'''I truly don't know why the boys are getting all the votes - it could be because they are really amazing, and that's all there is to it. They're really, really good and every single boy deserves to be in the competition right now, and so do the two girls.''' ,'''You don't know for sure why things happen, but you know, it did! It was my time to go on the show and I'm excited to see what my future holds.''' ,'''I don't sing in the shower at all, and I don't sing in the shower, either.''' ,'''If my life was a song the title would probably be 'Clumsy', 'cause I'm clumsy.''' ,'''For the live shows, I'm just getting my song together. I go back to my hotel room and I just listen to my song over and over again, figure out how to make it different and put my little Pia spin on it.''' ,'''My favorite type of music to sing is definitely those big ballads, I just love doing those power ballads.''' ,'''I'm definitely doing better. I never realized that I would get the support that I've gotten from everybody - from my fans, to people that I've idolized my whole life. So it's overwhelming, it's amazing and I believe that everything happens for a reason so I'm in a really good place right now.''' ,'''This has been my dream since I was a little girl. I've worked so hard for this moment, and its finally coming true and I couldn't be more happy.''' ,'''When I first found out that I was an Idol finalist, I cried tears of happiness. I was just so happy, and my family was there and the fact that got to see that moment and share that moment with me was just everything to me.''' ,'''When I walk out on that stage, I just want America to know, that this is what I'm supposed to do. This is my dream.''' ,]
+++