+++
author = "Morgan Saylor"
title = "Morgan Saylor Quotes"
quotes_len = "54"
description = "the best 54 Morgan Saylor Quotes"
keywords = "morgan saylor,morgan saylor quotes,morgan saylor quote,morgan saylor sayings,morgan saylor saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I understood the feeling of being 17 and living with your parents somewhere, and then being 18 and living in New York and having a city at your disposal.''' ,'''I like making people feel things. Acting doesn't seem like lying but like storytelling.''' ,'''I do use FaceTime because I'm frequently isolated from friends and my boyfriend, so I get that.''' ,'''I learned to understand the distance a character can be from yourself and how important rehearsal can be to creating a person that feels like a person that isn't you.''' ,'''I think it's cool to provoke something in people.''' ,'''I learned a lot from Cherry Jones, from the questions she asked and the opinions she had.''' ,''''Homeland' does have that ability to tear the rug out from under you.''' ,'''I love both of my parents.''' ,'''I can express the brooding part of myself on-screen. It's kind of fun to get to do the bratty things I really wouldn't do. And then I get to go back to my regular life.''' ,'''Before I turned 18, I had all these rules. Like, I could only work ten hours a day, and I had to go to school.''' ,'''Red carpets seem so glamorous, but you're really just standing there sweating and worrying your hair is going to fall. And in the end, people are only going to see one picture of you. You just smile for one second and then you walk over to the side and check your phone. It's pretty weird.''' ,'''I like to go swimming, and I like salty hair.''' ,'''I've made a few independent films now and a few movies with Disney, and I've done TV.''' ,'''There's something to be said about being able to be retrospective about a certain age as opposed to just in it.''' ,'''I'm trying to be more put-together. My closets are very messy. I like Rebecca Minkoff; her clothes are casual, but cool. I love Band of Outsiders. And ASOS makes a lot of good stuff. I can get lost on their website for hours. I don't like to spend a lot of money on clothes.''' ,'''I think it's cool to get to know designers. There is some anxiety, maybe, that after you've met a designer, you want to be loyal to them and wear their clothes. And sometimes it's just not my style. But you have to be honest, and I don't really want to lie.''' ,'''I tried the Crisco, and I hated it. Hated it! I couldn't roll it out. I'm a butter girl for my pie crusts.''' ,'''I take a few pictures a week, but the best part is waiting for my film to be developed. The suspense is exciting, and the reward is great.''' ,'''I know it sounds silly, but in auditions for film or TV, the words aren't as important - you need to get into the character and have the gist of the scene. But in theater, if you don't do it word for word, then you throw off your scene partner.''' ,'''I make notebooks for characters, and it kind of becomes a bible.''' ,'''You know how when you read a book and it becomes a movie, and it's different than you pictured? In some ways, acting is a lot like that.''' ,'''I really love independent films. There's something so determined about the people who work on them.''' ,'''One thing about New York is you can understand how you're perceived really easily if you just get on the train, by the way people look at you.''' ,'''I like to make pies. That's kind of my new obsession - peach, blueberry, apple, strawberry. I make a really good pumpkin pie with real pumpkin.''' ,'''I'm getting more into fashion. I'm surprised that I'm getting into it because I was always wearing goofy stuff in high school.''' ,'''It's so insane to me that this is my actual job, that I get to come to set and do what I enjoy doing and get paid for it.''' ,'''When I'm in New York and L.A., I get recognized a lot more.''' ,'''I try to stay away from the Internet.''' ,'''The person I've worked with most is Morena Baccarin, and from her, I've learned to stand up for your character.''' ,'''I've always enjoyed searching for clothes. I like thrift stores and vintage stuff, and not so much going to Urban Outfitters. What got me interested is having to choose dresses for the carpet, and doing a lot of shoots with really cool clothes. I've gotten to try on a lot of things that I've liked, and some things that I haven't.''' ,'''I get so bummed when I have to return the clothes I'm lent. It's easy to feel so special, but like Cinderella, you lose your shoes.''' ,'''I grew up kind of in the country, in western Georgia. And then I moved a lot closer to Atlanta, and I started doing plays, and when I started doing film, I think I really started to love it.''' ,'''I like to live in New York and with people I know who have normal jobs or go to school.''' ,'''I would not openly categorize myself as a sullen teenager, but that kind of role comes more easier to me than a bright, perky thing.''' ,'''Everything you're doing is a chance at an opportunity, so why not give it your fullest and try?''' ,'''I was never good at that Disney/Nickelodeon kind of acting. It's not really my cup of tea.''' ,'''My first proper credit was a small voice-over on an episode of 'The Sopranos' when I was, like, 11 or 12.''' ,'''There are some parts I like about school. I like math a lot, and I like physics.''' ,'''Everyone knows kids who are snotty, and I wouldn't consider myself one of them, but it's easy to understand where they're coming from.''' ,'''I'm not very good at keeping secrets.''' ,'''I'm not good at Disney acting. I'm really not. I never was on that audition list, which I don't mind. I don't know. I look back, and I'm kind of wiping my forehead at the thought of, 'What if I had gone that route?'''' ,'''I don't like shoes. I get a lot of splinters, though.''' ,''''Homeland' is intense, and I think it would be a hard show to watch if it were intense for 60 straight minutes.''' ,'''I like pushing myself as an actor.''' ,'''I'm such a dork, but I really think there are derivatives to be found between story arcs and character motivations. And the way you evaluate functions is a really interesting way to look at stories and the way you act. I really believe it.''' ,'''I like records. My favorite is Simon and Garfunkel.''' ,'''I like to read on the train.''' ,'''On an average day, I have two things to read in my purse: a book and a play.''' ,'''I'm self-conscious about a lot of things.''' ,'''I did some theatre. I had some smaller roles in a couple TV shows and films. I used to think I did a lot of acting, but my 'career' started when I started 'Homeland'.''' ,'''When I went to prom, I was in a group picture, and a parent zoomed in and took the picture of only me. I was weirded out, and later he was like, 'Sorry, I was sending that to my sister.'''' ,'''I try to miss as little school as possible.''' ,'''Everybody gets lonely.''' ,'''I like being mysterious as an actress.''' ,]
+++