+++
author = "Ayesha Takia"
title = "Ayesha Takia Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Ayesha Takia Quotes"
keywords = "ayesha takia,ayesha takia quotes,ayesha takia quote,ayesha takia sayings,ayesha takia saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I throughly enjoy films like 'Mod' and would love to do lots more.''' ,'''If a friend like Nagesh wants to make something like 'Dor,' I would love to be a part of it.''' ,'''Research is especially important when we're deciding on a new menu.''' ,'''When you've done good work, you can't come back with something stupid.''' ,'''Till I did 'Dor,' people only offered me roles of that bubbly, vivacious girl.''' ,'''I don't plan my acting. If I had to copy someone, it would be someone like the legendary Sridevi. I am really bad at copying people. I am very spontaneous.''' ,'''I want to do films that will be remembered, not run-of-the-mill stuff where I stand behind looking pretty as a picture.''' ,'''I watch lots of movies, both English and Hindi.''' ,'''I never thought I would be married at 23, but that's the fun thing about life - you don't know what is waiting for you at the next corner.''' ,'''I have been doing ads since I was four years old.''' ,'''People who worry about stupid things, just end up looking miserable after a while - it shows.''' ,'''Item numbers are not for me.''' ,'''Everyone should do more than one thing so that life becomes more fulfilling.''' ,'''Wanted' released right after my marriage and it turned out to be a blockbuster, but I had already made a decision to take a break. I did not time my decision and fortunately or unfortunately, it happened at a time when I delivered one of the biggest films in my career.''' ,'''I love doing Telugu films.''' ,'''Movies take lot of your time from making to promotions.''' ,'''When people see me face-to-face they know immediately that I've not gone under the knife and they are the ones who matter.''' ,'''I just make chai with cashewnut milk, and it tastes almost as good as masala chai.''' ,'''I am the kind to sit in front of the telly for hours. In fact, my parents and I are addicted to food shows. We can watch them endlessly. People who have seen us like, this call us a crazy family.''' ,'''Money is not the driving force in my life.''' ,'''Each actor is different and not everyone is looking for the same thing. For instance, I have never worried that people have to think of me in a certain way or have to accept me when I return to screen after a sabbatical.''' ,'''My life has been about choosing different things from most people think that I should have chosen. It always has been about my hapiness and peace of mind therfore I have never stratagised or planned my career.''' ,'''Since I started working at 15 and never went to college, I didn't know what it was like to be in the real world. I was in my bubble - until I got married, my life was either in a car, on the set, or on location.''' ,'''I love people who smile... and always try to smile loads.''' ,'''I like to live my life in a particular way and do things that make me happy.''' ,'''I have always chosen to do things that make me happy and don't believe in postponing good things in my life.''' ,'''Wanted' is a full-on masala entertainer. But it is not a mindless film.''' ,'''I think it teaches you humility and love being a parent.''' ,'''Ever since I was five, I had told my relatives I wanted to be an actress.''' ,'''I have enjoyed acting, but getting into production is hectic. I am not made for it.''' ,'''I have never let my personal life and choices interfere with my professional life.''' ,'''When I got married, I decided to take a break. I wanted to travel, see life differently and discover things about myself.''' ,'''A film set is very casual. If there is a senior actor, by the end of it, you end up joking with him.''' ,'''If I was written off and was not offered any work, I wouldn't care because I have lots of other things to do.''' ,'''A film is a film, and shouldn't be defined by language.''' ,'''Children should have a childhood and that shouldn't be taken away.''' ,'''Nagesh Kukunoor is my rakhi brother and a very good friend. He gave me 'Dor' which was an epic movie in my life. I owe it to him for such a good break.''' ,'''Being away from my film bubble gave me a chance to see life differently.''' ,'''I don't want people to just see me as that cute girl in 'Dil Maange More' or 'Wanted.'''' ,'''I don't even know what size-zero is.''' ,'''I've always done things according to my principles and morals and some things just don't fit in.''' ,'''When you are in a family where there are two or three people in the limelight - like politics and acting - two worlds colliding like that, there will be times when obviously in the press or public eye, those opinions can collide and not match.''' ,'''Well as an actor I think i try to do my best and play the characters that inspire me and challenge me.''' ,'''I've never been someone who wanted to look pretty with nothing to say.''' ,'''I am a hands-on mother and don't rely on maids.''' ,'''I get irritated when people ask me if I have met a certain actor or I have bags worth lakhs in my wardrobe.''' ,'''I wouldn't say portraying a character in a film like 'Wanted' was easy. But it was fairly easier than playing a role where one is expected to emote more depth on screen.''' ,'''I am a terrible singer. At best I am a bathroom singer.''' ,'''At the end of the day, being an actor means you should be able to do all kinds of stuff.''' ,'''I'm fortunate to belong to a multi-cultural family... My mom's an Anglo Indian, dad's a Gujarati.''' ,'''It does get difficult to shift from a 'Wanted' to a 'Mod.'''' ,'''I have been modelling since I was four years old so facing the camera is second nature to me.''' ,'''I feel women with long hair have a completely different charm - they can attract more attention and if I may say so, they look so Indian!''' ,'''When I got married, a lot of people told me I was insane.''' ,'''I can't ever imagine going in for short hair. I'm somehow not comfortable in getting a short haircut done.''' ,'''Career and marriage don't have to do anything with each other.''' ,'''I come from a middle-class family and I value money. This is something that attracted me to my boyfriend Farhan Azmi too. He is a self-made man and very level-headed.''' ,'''I enjoy acting.''' ,'''I am the most chilled out, non-competitive and unambitious girl.''' ,'''I simply love to believe in love stories. They are so cute and mushy.''' ,'''A film like 'Dor' doesn't happen everyday.''' ,'''I don't regret a single moment of staying away from the camera.''' ,'''As love rules my world, I believe it's really really important.''' ,'''My first music video was Falguni Pathak's 'Meri Chunar' when I was 15. Then came 'Shake It Daddy,' which brought me a lot of recognition.''' ,'''Being cute and bubbly is also fun, but I needed to be taken seriously as an actor and I think 'Dor' did that.''' ,'''I never stopped being a heroine. I began acting when I was four and bagged my first film as a heroine at the age of 15.''' ,'''I have been lucky to strike a balance between the off-beat and commercial films.''' ,'''I love to keep my hair long, and I think every lady should have long hair. After all, it looks so feminine and beautiful.''' ,'''Being vegan is something that has changed my life tremendously.''' ,'''The genre of romance is perhaps the closest to my heart and I like the whole idea of feel good, look good roles and films that have a positive vibe.''' ,'''I was raised in a normal Gujarati style with all the restrictions and reservations.''' ,'''I think all parents know this is a lot of responsibility... looking after children.''' ,'''Once cannot know if the film is going to be a hit or not so as an actor I choose films that excite me.''' ,'''The challenge is always in portraying characters who've led a very different life from your's as you get to work on the character.''' ,'''After 'Dor,' viewers showed the confidence that I could play serious roles too and so I was offered roles in films like 'Eight By Ten' and 'Wanted' and many other big movies.''' ,'''I am such a home body and I like to be home.''' ,'''Ever since school, I got a lot of attention as I was modelling and everyone knew who I was. As a child, you enjoy it. But one has to explore and doing things by oneself to learn that life is very large.''' ,'''Socha Na Tha' was my first film and will remain one of my favourites.''' ,'''I've been blessed with the most awesome family life and I have a great support system.''' ,'''My husband Farhan Azmi is a restaurateur and owns three restaurants in Mumbai. After we got married, we started planning a cafe, Chai Cofi, and got busy in executing it. It is not easy to open a restaurant. I always wanted to get into the business of restaurants and was fortunate enough that Farhan's knowledge taught me a lot of things.''' ,'''I don't think it is easy to manage a family.''' ,'''Taarzan' is a very clean film which can be seen with your family.''' ,'''While soy milk is an acquired taste, I prefer almond, cashew and coconut milk.''' ,'''I love going through fashion magazines, love to read - Paulo Coelho is my favourite author.''' ,'''My mother makes fantastic vegan cheese.''' ,'''Everything that happens is according to destiny.''' ,'''The critics noticed me as a performer only with 'Dor.'''' ,'''I am close to my family but I don't have too many friends.''' ,'''No matter how long a break you take, an actor does feel comfortable in front of the camera.''' ,'''It was great working with Salman. He doesn't come across as the 'bad boy of Bollywood.' He is a very generous actor. There are actors, who don't let you have your space on screen and try to steal it. But Salman is not like that.''' ,'''You see so many actors branching out into so many different things than just acting. It's so fantastic.''' ,'''When I came into this industry I set down some guidelines for myself. And I plan to stick to them.''' ,'''I never planned anything in my life.''' ,'''I don't know why people say you can't have a career and a marriage. Farhan and I loved each other so I didn't see why it wouldn't work.''' ,'''Acting has always been special and will continue to remain so.''' ,'''I always wanted to have my own restaurants even when I was acting.''' ,'''Tom Cruise is absolutely fabulous.''' ,'''I think the major changes in my body, face and skin have happened after I turned vegan, it has changed my entire life.''' ,'''I have never had a PR or a manager and have never been very media-savvy.''' ,'''I am bubbly in real life and people also say I talk too much.''' ,]
+++