+++
author = "Bretman Rock"
title = "Bretman Rock Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Bretman Rock Quotes"
keywords = "bretman rock,bretman rock quotes,bretman rock quote,bretman rock sayings,bretman rock saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I think my struggle with acne just kind of triggered the skincare junkie in me. I just wanted to find the best products out there.''' ,'''Even though my dad came from a family that was very religious, he was actually the first one who bought and let me play with Barbies. My mom, the first makeup I ever used was hers, and she never once said, 'Oh, you're so gay for doing that.'''' ,'''People value makeup differently. Some people see makeup as an artistic expression, some people use makeup as a boost of confidence. I just think makeup is so beautiful and that it really is art. That's why I do makeup.''' ,'''I'm a singer, song-writer, actor, actress, athlete. Girl, I'm everything.''' ,'''I have always been skating, either with skateboards, ripsticks, longboards - so it's been really easy to get used to the electric board. And no, you don't have to wear certain shoes. I love to wear my crocs!''' ,'''Third grade, I plucked my eyebrows.''' ,'''So often, I go to L.A. and I feel like I'm hanging out with robots. And all they do is sit around and talk about other people. I could run my mouth, but at the same time, if that's all we're doing is talking about other people, it's not cute!''' ,'''You only get hate if you let yourself get hate.''' ,'''One day I decided I was a star and I would walk to school with my head held high. I would walk to school in my stilettos and high heels, listening to 'Lucky' by Britney Spears.''' ,'''I was fortunate enough to be raised by parents who were very accepting. They were never afraid to let me do my thing and let me live my life.''' ,'''I think I've always been fascinated by women, colors, and makeup and the whole art of vanity because I would always watch my grandma get ready for church. And I was five or six at the time, maybe even four. I've always just loved admiring my grandma get ready and seeing how a touch of makeup made her so much more confident.''' ,'''I don't read Internet comments because I have other things to do, like walk my dog. And I don't really like reading, so if you're going to hate on me, send me a video. I don't have time to read a whole novel about how I'm going to hell.''' ,'''I will wear a woman's dress and a man's pant with it.''' ,'''I would love to design clothes. Bretman clothing would be a good reflection of my personality, with a super-extra, nonbinary, and non-gendered clothes that are made with quality sustainable fabrics.''' ,'''To be honest, I kind of skipped over watching cartoons, and reality TV shows raised me. Literally, in fifth grade I ran home from school and watched 'Jersey Shore' every Thursday, girl.''' ,'''I'm just so blessed to have my family, to be honest, because I really would not be Bretman Rock without that and their support, and they've always been supportive of me.''' ,'''Makeup is all about creativity to me.''' ,'''When I run, I don't ever think about my destination.''' ,'''I want to live like a normal life.''' ,'''I think people are always surprised to learn that I'm actually nice.''' ,'''Fame is not who I am. It's not even what I do. It's just a part of my job.''' ,'''You do not need millions of followers to know and to feel that you have a platform. I feel like everyone should realize that they have a platform regardless of how big their audience is.''' ,'''My favorite TikTok of my own would have to be the video of me drinking coconut water without closing my mouth - that trend was really fun to do because it was a hidden talent that I did well.''' ,'''I would like to thank everyone that watched me grow up on the Internet.''' ,'''People are always surprised that I'm actually normal and not always over the top.''' ,'''I like to wake up and not know what I'm doing.''' ,'''I really don't think there's anything in my life right now or any accomplishments that I have that I didn't manifest.''' ,'''I do sleep next to my makeup because I don't want any makeup nightmares.''' ,'''I put so much online, and my heart is the only thing I don't wanna - my heart, I need to myself.''' ,'''I will always value beauty.''' ,'''I just feel like people would watch me do anything. I could make two hour videos of me putting bracelets together and people would watch that.''' ,'''Honestly, ever since this influencer life started for me, I feel like every year is a new chapter.''' ,'''I know some brands second-guess working with me because I'm a boy that likes makeup. I think brands shouldn't just appreciate boys that wear makeup, but they should embrace it. And I feel like some brands forget they need personality. I have plenty of it.''' ,'''I just know I'm made for the camera.''' ,'''To be honest with you, I feel like a lot of people don't realize that sometimes the best products are the drugstore products. You do not need a $600 moisturizer to get rid of your acne.''' ,'''I don't think people experiment enough with clothing because society tries to tell them what they can and can't wear. I love playing around with different aesthetics and/or mixing around aesthetics to create a totally new look.''' ,'''I hate when I'm alone and I hate being inside my own head.''' ,'''If I show up without brows, it means I'm sick, I'm dying, or both my arms are broken.''' ,'''I'm, like, really cute.''' ,'''I was making videos on my Mom's phones since I was eight years old.''' ,'''I was wearing blush when I was in third grade, so honestly, I just grew up with people who accepted me.''' ,'''I don't need drama to stand out.''' ,'''As long as you carry your makeup like you got it done by the biggest celebrity make artist, then everyone will see that.''' ,'''To be honest with you, I just loved making videos.''' ,'''I definitely really wanted to go to college and live my mom's full American dream fantasy of her son being a nurse.''' ,'''I just feel like my audience is interested in anything that I do. Dare I say, even when I was making my science experiment videos, they lived for that.''' ,'''I feel like beauty got into me before I even knew what beauty was.''' ,'''We were basically camping my whole childhood because we were so poor.''' ,'''I feel like it'd be so fun to, like, do, like, Britney Spears' makeup. I've always been a big fan of Miss Britney - I'm a Britney stan.''' ,'''Whenever I see a camera, I just want to perform for some reason. If I was getting paid for it or not, I would still be posting random videos of me on the Internet.''' ,'''Don't forget to appreciate everyone you have in your life... not everyone is blessed to have them like you do.''' ,'''I'm living my dream.''' ,'''As long as you are doing things with a smile on your face, and you are having fun, then you are being unfiltered.''' ,'''Me just putting on whatever I want to wear today, people find confidence in that. But to me, I'm just coping.''' ,'''I think I've always had this non-binary energy with me. My mom has always told me that I'm pretty and handsome at the same time. And so I kind of just believed her.''' ,'''I mean, I'm a boy that wears makeup, but I want to be as normal as I can.''' ,'''It's crazy to me that we call it a beauty industry when it's not beautiful at all.''' ,'''Now that I'm older and wiser, and I know what that word means and what it possesses... I'm like, 'Yes, I am a mahu and you should look up to me!'''' ,'''When I first started with social media, there were a couple of us that were men in makeup. I didn't have anyone that I looked up to at a young age. Now, it's so accessible. You just go online and see all these amazing men in makeup. We share the same passion, but we all have different goals and we come from different places.''' ,'''To be honest with you, my mom never really wore makeup when I was growing up. She wasn't really my makeup muse. It was my grandma. The biggest thing that she taught me is that it doesn't matter how your makeup comes out, it's really just how you wear it. If you carry it like you killed your makeup, then that's all that matters.''' ,'''I mean, I will always be that beauty boy, and I will always wear makeup 'til the day that I die.''' ,'''I actually did not touch any type of computer until I came to America. I knew computers existed, yes, but I didn't have access to them. In the Philippines, I did have video games.''' ,'''A lot of the biggest beauty influencers are men, people of color as well.''' ,'''I usually wait for opportunities and act on them if I like them or I like to really think through any new ideas I have.''' ,'''There are so many reality shows, but there's none that really shows the island life and what influencers are in the islands. We don't have the same resources as people in L.A. do.''' ,'''I don't want to not be normal.''' ,'''I really love it when brands get very creative with products.''' ,'''I would always tell people I'm going to have a reality show, I'm a star, or I'm rich.''' ,'''Being in the beauty industry, since there wasn't many men in makeup it was weird and obviously at beauty events we would get weird looks. But over time it's been amazing seeing how accepting everyone is when it comes to boys wearing makeup.''' ,'''I've always loved being in front of the camera.''' ,'''I wanted to make peace with my dad. I didn't get to really make peace before he passed away and so I'm hoping to connect to him spiritually. I feel like he's always guiding me.''' ,'''Hawaii is a melting pot of people and my school specifically has a lot of diversity that personally inspires me in everything I do.''' ,'''My dad and I's relationship before he cheated on my mom... I think it was such a healthy father and son relationship. He always knew I was gay, and he never ever shamed me for being gay or anything. He shamed other people for if they had anything to say.''' ,'''Acne has always been a big problem of mine.''' ,'''Our dynamic is different from other siblings. We're always fighting but we know that we love each other and we get along. People don't see that. If my sister didn't want to be in my videos, she would've told me.''' ,'''If I'm not getting sleep I will literally break out.''' ,'''Men's clothing and women's clothing shouldn't even really be a thing.''' ,'''I genuinely think that I have what it takes to be the best entertainer of my time.''' ,'''I just don't like how the beauty industry became so much about money and so much drama-driven.''' ,'''Beauty will always be a part of Bretman Rock.''' ,'''I wake up when the time is double digits - 10, 11, 12 - and I make myself a cup of coffee and think about what I'm gonna do that day. Either I'm gonna set my house on fire or I'm gonna take pictures. I'm random.''' ,'''To be honest, I don't know... something about the camera like turns me into such a diva. Like when it's on and I see my face in the camera, I'm just like, oh girl you look so good!''' ,'''I know I'm not the only kid that moved to America and had to live with 30 cousins in one house.''' ,'''When I say I came from nothing, I really came from nothing.''' ,'''You need SPF wherever you are in the world.''' ,'''To be honest, once you are comfortable with the person you are and you know the things that you could offer to the world, none of the hate comments can really get to you.''' ,'''I've met people who don't know who they are, but only know who they are online. When I'm separating Bretman Rock and Bretman, it's really just to help with my mental health. The Internet is not real life.''' ,'''I get to escape this crazy world that I live in. I think that's the true beauty of running.''' ,'''I'll always be wearing makeup. It's not gonna ever stop.''' ,'''I do everything I do because of my mom and for my mom and because of my family and for my family.''' ,'''I'm a Leo, I'm always cute.''' ,'''Growing up in the Philippines, I wanted to be so much like my dad. He taught me simple survival stuff.''' ,'''I started Instagramming and YouTubeing without the knowledge that I could make this as a career one day.''' ,'''My first-ever social medium was actually MySpace. But my first video ever was on YouTube - that's when I thought I was a fashion guru - posting fashion stuff. I deleted all of those videos. And I regret doing that today, because I want to look back and see how baduy I was in seventh grade!''' ,'''If I ever see Miss Rihanna wear my sunglasses, I would probably die.''' ,'''Drag Race' was, like, my outlet and finally being able to see myself in television and that was through Manila Luzon, who was a 'Drag Race' contestant. Manila was the first Asian queer person that I ever saw on mainstream media and 'Drag Race' really did that for me.''' ,'''We can watch only so many reality shows filmed in L.A. It gets boring and repetitive.''' ,'''I wanted to share my life. I wanted to share literally where I come from and where I'm going.''' ,'''My dad had the longest, silkiest, healthiest hair you've ever seen on a man. He had an extensive skincare routine. He was very picky with food. He never ate with his hands.''' ,'''I don't only wear men's clothing - I actually have more women's clothing than I do men's.''' ,]
+++