+++
author = "Young Thug"
title = "Young Thug Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Young Thug Quotes"
keywords = "young thug,young thug quotes,young thug quote,young thug sayings,young thug saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I only listen to Lil Wayne.''' ,'''I don't ever want to be like a peasant. I want to always be all right. But motivation is fans - not your kids, your mum, none of that. All of that matters, but number one is your fans.''' ,'''You gotta understand, you can't look at no pictures and look at the media and the critics and what they saying on no Internet.''' ,'''If I didn't have a girlfriend, I'd have 10 girls at the studio, and they would make me not rap.''' ,'''If you're 30, 40 years old, you're not getting listened to by minors.''' ,'''I feel like the phone was in my way. So I got rid of the phone to focus.''' ,'''You have to be yourself.''' ,'''I was in the streets at eight, nine years old.''' ,'''My dad wouldn't buy me tight pants. I had to get my own money to buy them.''' ,'''Ninety percent of my clothes are women's.''' ,'''I don't want to rap forever. But I want to be rich forever.''' ,'''I stayed in the ghetto. Then I stayed in condos, then I stayed in penthouses, and then I stayed in mansions.''' ,'''I can't remember 16 bars. Unless you write it, you can't. I just do it bar for bar.''' ,'''Atlanta is the number one place to live. You live better, you eat better, the rides are better, vehicles is better deals. It's better people. More mean people, but at my level you want it to be about business, so it's perfect for me.''' ,'''I feel like there's no such thing as gender.''' ,'''I ain't just collab-ing with anybody. Because I don't care about making friends. I got enough friends.''' ,'''In my world, of course, it don't matter. You could be a gangster with a dress, you could be a gangster with baggy pants.''' ,'''When it comes to swag, there's no gender involved.''' ,'''I always paid attention to Lil Wayne - close attention. He's my idol. He's still my idol.''' ,'''Whatever I think of, that's what I do. I wake up and think, 'I want to buy a car', I buy a car. I wake up and be like, 'I just want to lay in bed with my girl', I do that. I wake up and want to rap, I rap. So whatever I think of.''' ,'''Ain't no problem with me and Kevin Gates; everybody just trippin'.''' ,'''I hope to be like Bill Gates, bro. With all the money in the world.''' ,'''He's so sophisticated... Kanye is like 'Fifty Shades of Grey,' he's interesting, so you want to be around him.''' ,'''Anyone can rap if you've got brains. So I just went with it.''' ,'''I'm the type of person to put myself in everybody else's shoes.''' ,'''My mom got 11 kids. We struggled.''' ,'''We need money. We need hits. Hits bring money, money bring power, power bring fame, fame change the game.''' ,'''I'd make a million songs with Game because we never had no real problem.''' ,'''I don't do my own Instagram.''' ,'''I've always been a sharing person.''' ,'''It's dangerous to be anybody popular.''' ,'''Fabo is a real rock star, but people look over it, so I'll try to bring it to the light if I can.''' ,'''My dad wanted me to play football so bad, he took me to Washington High School on the west side of Atlanta because they were number one. They never lost.''' ,'''I ain't want my kids to grow up and call me Thug. I don't want anybody to kind of look at me like that. So I'm gonna just use my real name.''' ,'''I've got a condo in Miami, but I don't live in it.''' ,'''I didn't used to do shows, because I used to be so shy. We'd perform, and I'd be at the back, thinking of another song. I was so shy, I ain't never getting in front of the camera; I would never get on stage.''' ,'''If you feel that you can just come in the studio and freestyle on my song, then I'm ready to rap battle you. That's just how I feel about it because I know I'm way harder than another rapper freestyling on my song.''' ,'''Wayne and Drake, it takes them so long to do a song. I understand why, because they want it to be perfect. But I think I can do a perfect song in 10 minutes.''' ,'''The reason why I moved from Young Thug to Jeffery was because I felt like I did a wrong turn.''' ,'''When I was in high school, I had a gambling problem.''' ,'''I like everything that people say. No matter what they say. You gay, you a punk. You got a nice girlfriend, you're ugly, you can't rap, you're the hardest.''' ,'''I want every Grammy.''' ,'''I did a song in eight minutes. I thought everybody could write songs that fast. But working with a lot of them, they don't.''' ,'''I don't want to be 50 years old and rapping, man. I'm pretty sure nobody wants to do that.''' ,'''It's like, boom! - I've got a girlfriend. It turned out to be a good thing because it made me a rapper.''' ,'''When I was 12, my feet were so small, I wore my sisters' glitter shoes. My dad would whoop me: 'You're not going to school now, you'll embarrass us!'''' ,]
+++