+++
author = "Sophie Cookson"
title = "Sophie Cookson Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Sophie Cookson Quotes"
keywords = "sophie cookson,sophie cookson quotes,sophie cookson quote,sophie cookson sayings,sophie cookson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Christine Keeler was not allowed a voice. There were so many men who were imposing their views and opinions onto her and they decided who she was. Christine never had the opportunity to truly give her side of the story.''' ,'''I've always loved rummaging through my mum's wardrobe and finding classic pieces. I went through a phase where I rejected anything that was vaguely up-styled in any way and I just lived in a baggy jumper for a bit.''' ,'''Evening, I've just got myself some really nice black suede boots and big black leather Acne jacket. So oversized jacket, skinny jeans, and boots is always a get up and go evening outfit. Just black is always good. You can't go wrong.''' ,'''I used to be terrified of a particular film - I can't remember what it was called. It was set in a forest, and there was lots of oil coming from trees. And someone fell, and ever since then... Oh, and I also dream about my teeth, losing a tooth, which I think means that you want control back.''' ,'''I feel like with a movie you know your whole journey, and even though little minutiae might change, you're able to get a better idea of where you're going, whereas TV is engaging a different side of your brain.''' ,'''I think if you want to prove something to yourself and not fail there's only one choice and that's to work.''' ,'''Calling this 'The Trial Of Christine Keeler' is clever because it's a re-examination of Christine's life and the trials and tribulations that she went through including the court trial. We as a society are so quick to judge, and no one has been judged quite as much as she has.''' ,'''It's been a long time since I've done any karaoke. Probably, I actually think 'Living On a Prayer' was the last one I've done, which I'm quite embarrassed to admit, screaming it at the top of my lungs. I prefer being the one watching and egging people on.''' ,'''I think it's very easy when you're a young actor starting out to just let everything unfold around you - you're not that clued up or confident, so you don't have the same opinions as you do when you're more experienced.''' ,'''We studied so much Shakespeare in drama school and I'd like to go back to that. I'd really throw myself into something that would probably petrify me. Tennessee Williams. Something juicy.''' ,'''I love reading and learning. With acting, I get to put all that into my work and still get to do my homework and imagine I can do all these different jobs.''' ,'''If you're not learning as a human, growing as a human, you can't grow as an actor. You're just churning things you've already thought.''' ,'''I love the English people - if you don't want to speak, you don't speak. And I'm quite like that sometimes, too.''' ,'''I think I've always enjoyed a challenge and I like being pushed and I like being stretched to the absolute limit. I think a lot of actors are like this.''' ,'''I'm quite a simple person really; I love pottering about, walking and swimming.''' ,'''We all have the same core emotions of love, jealousy, rage - it's just how they're expressed.''' ,'''I love proving myself wrong. A lot of actors lack confidence - even if you're doing really well, you kind of feel like this might be your last job.''' ,'''In the next five years, I'd absolutely love to do theater. I went to drama school and that's where the focus lies. I'd definitely like to do that before the fear sets in.''' ,'''I feel like acting's a really good excuse because I just get to pretend to do everything and then back out if I don't like it.''' ,'''The times you have off are equally as important as the times you're working. You need to rebuild, fill up again.''' ,'''But there is something very nice about coming to New York and how everyone smiles - even if they don't mean it. When I go back home to London and say hello to people, they look at me like I'm crazy.''' ,'''I was really sporty and loved singing. I started off doing musical theater. I left university to go to drama school. So I was a bit of a black sheep.''' ,'''As a kid I wanted to be a vet; I wanted to be an architect. I was and still am such a little geek.''' ,'''I was at Edinburgh doing history of art, Spanish and Arabic. I was originally supposed to do Italian instead of Arabic but when I went to see one of the lecturers they told me I should really do something more curveball. So I did.''' ,]
+++