+++
author = "Erna Solberg"
title = "Erna Solberg Quotes"
quotes_len = "24"
description = "the best 24 Erna Solberg Quotes"
keywords = "erna solberg,erna solberg quotes,erna solberg quote,erna solberg sayings,erna solberg saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Norway is combating climate change. It's an important issue for us. And we are committed to the Paris Agreement.''' ,'''We don't believe that Russia is a direct threat to Norway, but we believe that Russia has become more unpredictable in its policies.''' ,'''We must fight for liberal ideas like openness, but also about having a media that we believe in and that can sort between real news and facts and not-so-factual things.''' ,'''We are a small country. That means there will be lots of similarities in policies. The priorities are about the same issues - you have to create more jobs; you have to invest in people so they are qualified for the jobs the new economy will bring.''' ,'''Slowly, the oil and gas sector will decrease in Norway. The question in Norway is about how fast it will decrease.''' ,'''Norway has had a carbon tax in place for a long time. This has not slowed down industrial development. Rather, it has encouraged innovation and the development of solutions that reduce emissions and bring down operating costs.''' ,'''Afghanistan has safe zones... so it's possible to send grown-ups back to that country. We can't empty Afghanistan.''' ,'''People will buy a good electrical car instead of buying a fossil-fuel one, and you get a much better standard of car.''' ,'''I fear a very hard Brexit, but I hope we will find a better solution.''' ,'''As long as we get stronger growth and a better economy, it will impact the krone.''' ,'''The private-public partnership models that have been made in the area of health - we really need to adopt those in the area of education.''' ,'''China is our largest trading partner in Asia. The normalization of our relations will create major opportunities for Norwegian businesses and for job creation. We also hope to resume negotiations on a free trade agreement with China.''' ,'''When you are a country that is economically well-off - we are not leaving people to live on the street without help - then you have to be strict on immigration because you become the most attractive country to go to.''' ,'''We've been agreeing on a strict immigration policy to Norway for a long time. It's supposed to be fair, but it's supposed to be strict.''' ,'''If you want to decrease housing costs in Norway, the most important thing is to build more.''' ,'''We have to dare to modernize to get room to maneuver for the priorities in the future.''' ,'''As long as we are one of the most expensive countries to produce in, we should focus on cutting costs that directly and indirectly weigh on business.''' ,'''Taxes are an important tool for us together with infrastructure investments, research, and development to create more jobs.''' ,'''For a small country like Norway, it's important for our ability to trade and to invest across borders that we have fair trade and that we have multilateral trade systems, also.''' ,'''I hope that we will find a solution that leaves Britain as a partner in a lot of the European activities that we need them to be a partner in.''' ,'''It's always important not to fall for the narrative of the terrorists. If you want to fight for getting a normal life back, you also have to participate.''' ,'''We can't just live as rentiers off the oil fund.''' ,'''In our view, the main role of the government in the green transition is to ensure a predictable framework and a level playing field for innovation, industry, and enterprise. And, most importantly, to provide clear direction.''' ,'''The future of Norway isn't about competing on being the cheapest but the most innovative. We have an expensive welfare state, and the only answer to continue that way is to become more competitive, especially on knowledge.''' ,]
+++