+++
author = "Phil Gingrey"
title = "Phil Gingrey Quotes"
quotes_len = "86"
description = "the best 86 Phil Gingrey Quotes"
keywords = "phil gingrey,phil gingrey quotes,phil gingrey quote,phil gingrey sayings,phil gingrey saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I have always been someone who wants to get it right. That started when I ran for school board. It's an avocation that's become a full-time job.''' ,'''Americans are fed up with how things are going in the country right now. They see more job losses, rising debt and plummeting home sales. They feel let down by a government that passes one 2,000-page, trillion-dollar law after another instead of focusing on addressing the problems Americans worry about every day.''' ,'''Roger Kahn is someone with a gazillion dollars who thinks that he can use his vast fortune to buy television spots, particularly network television, and boost up his positives, make him appear to be a gentleman farmer, and cover up his warts.''' ,'''I think the time has come when the American people understand that federal employees need to work an 8-hour day just like everybody else.''' ,'''I think that our leadership, Mitch McConnell and John Boehner, are taking the right approach.''' ,'''We could repeal Dodd-Frank. I think that would be a big help.''' ,'''I am angry - mad - at the Chief Justice, John Roberts.''' ,'''In 26 years of delivering babies, I've always been interested in government and the state of the union.''' ,'''As a physician for over 30 years, I am well aware of the dangers infectious diseases pose.''' ,'''Once we as doctors are entrusted with the well-being of our patients and their children, it is our duty to take action, to be selfless, and fulfill our obligation to the service of others. I did so willingly, and it brought me great joy throughout my professional career. However, I always had a desire to do more.''' ,'''Reports of illegal migrants carrying deadly diseases such as swine flu, dengue fever, Ebola virus and tuberculosis are particularly concerning.''' ,'''Yes, we can pay the interest on the debt. We can renew the $500 billion worth of bonds that are coming due. We can mail out our Social Security checks. We can make sure those Medicare claims are honored. We can pay our military. We can protect our veterans. But when you get beyond that, the soup gets a little thin.''' ,'''People do not want that public option.''' ,'''I don't have hard edges.''' ,'''States should require vaccinations for communicable diseases, like measles and the mumps. But you can't catch HPV if an infected schoolmate coughs on you or shares your juice box at lunch. Whether or not girls get vaccinated against HPV is a decision for parents and physicians, not state governments.''' ,'''I'm not itching for a fight. But I'm just saying when I see the other guy putting on his boxing gloves and, you know, you've got dancing around in the ring, I kind of suspect that maybe a fight's coming.''' ,'''There are a lot of undecideds in this country that are hopefully right of center, not left of center.''' ,'''I truly believe that we have the best health care system in the world. It's not perfect, but this business of turning it over to the federal government to try to make it perfect is quite honestly asinine.''' ,'''Reports have indicated that several border agents have contracted diseases through contact with the unaccompanied minors.''' ,'''I call this 'boss Obamacare.' The only health care that citizens of this country can access are those approved by the boss.''' ,'''To create employment, we need to stimulate the economy, and to stimulate the economy, we need to cut spending and reduce the deficit.''' ,'''I will be personally seeking alternatives for my family's health care coverage, just like the rest of Americans affected by Obamacare. In the meantime, I will do everything in my power to fight this terrible piece of legislation.''' ,'''Everyone depending on foreign fuels are all too inclined, it seems, to let jobs leave this country.''' ,'''I pledge to give all there is of myself.''' ,'''Spending on largely ineffective programs - although well intentioned - is a detriment to fostering real job growth.''' ,'''I am not a career politician, even though this is my 12th year in the United States House of Representatives.''' ,'''I am not going to exploit, for political purposes, my opponent's youth and inexperience.''' ,'''Our servicemen and women are highly trained, highly skilled, and the most professional fighting force in the world.''' ,'''I believe I was sent to Washington to fight for and defend our traditional values of smaller government, lower taxes, a strong national defense, and the lives of the unborn.''' ,'''For goodness' sakes, back in 2006, when we were about to lose the battle in Iraq, thank goodness our patriots fought in the Anbar province and Fallujah and turned that thing around.''' ,'''We have responsibility for ONC and the HITECH act. We've spent tens of billions on non-interoperable products. It may be time for us to look closer at the activities of vendors in the space, given the possibility that fraud is being perpetrated on the American people.''' ,'''We can't take our ball and go home when the consequences mean a weaker America.''' ,'''We sincerely believed that we don't tax too little in Washington. We spend too much.''' ,'''People - particularly in the Southeast, Georgia, my district, all across the state - they don't want the federal government to have the ability, at times whenever the federal government wants to declare an emergency, to start going around and confiscating people's guns.''' ,'''It's easy if you're Sean Hannity or Rush Limbaugh or even sometimes Newt Gingrich to stand back and throw bricks.''' ,'''In 2012, a hamburger cost Amtrak $16.15, with riders paying $9.50. This means that we, the taxpayers, are forced to pick up the tab for the remaining $6.65 through subsidies provided to Amtrak.''' ,'''I don't want to continue to fund Obamacare.''' ,'''I'll help repeal Obamacare in my first term, or go home, because you deserve a senator who gets the job done or gets out of the way. Repeal or go home. That's my pledge to you.''' ,'''I truly believe that the job creators, those people making $200,000 a year, are the small business men and women that create the jobs and ultimately will help the middle class and the poor.''' ,'''I have been blessed, working both at the local level on a community school board, the state assembly, four years in the state senate, and now almost 12 years in the House of Representatives.''' ,'''As long as I am in the Congress, I will continue to fight for and defend our sacred values.''' ,'''People need to look beyond just the immediate victory... There are no permanent victories.''' ,'''The influx of families and unaccompanied children at the border poses many risks, including grave public health threats.''' ,'''The border patrol gave us a list of the diseases that they're concerned about, and Ebola was one of those.''' ,'''We're concerned with a powerful government who is telling General Motors now, maybe, what they can charge for their automobiles. Indeed, if the government owns 61 percent, they can do that.''' ,'''I've been watching and involved in presidential politics since 1960 when I first voted, and the Republican, the conservative candidate in the primary is always going to lean right and come back to the center for the general - the opposite for the Democrat.''' ,'''Democrats like to picture us as pushing grandmother over the cliff or throwing someone under the bus. In either one of those scenarios, at least the senior has a chance to survive.''' ,'''I get along with people. But I don't sacrifice my principles either.''' ,'''The takeover of the U.S. House by Republicans could prompt a revival of the fight for additional funding for the Marietta-built F-22 stealth fighter. This isn't just for the sake of home-cooking, but also for the sake of the country.''' ,'''What it is basically, if you go to a gun show, and there's somebody out there in the parking lot, and they're getting out of their car, and they've got an A-15 on their shoulder, or... John Q. Public wants to sell a handgun or whatever, then there's no background check.''' ,'''We tell infertile couples all the time that are having trouble conceiving because of the woman not ovulating, 'Just relax. Drink a glass of wine. And don't be so tense and uptight because all that adrenaline can cause you not to ovulate.'''' ,'''Americans are proud of this country. They want to see things get better, and they want to be part of that turnaround. That's what America Speaking Out is all about.''' ,'''President Obama has already ended Medicare as we know it.''' ,'''I am a career physician. I practiced for 32 years before I began my career as a public servant.''' ,'''I will continue fighting to protect our Second Amendment rights.''' ,'''The SSA's practice of allowing union activity during normal federal government operations is unfair to seniors and taxpayers.''' ,'''To suggest that we can't pay our debts - that's absolutely not true.''' ,'''I was proud to represent the 11th District of Georgia as a member of Congress for the past 12 years and am excited to now be joining the respected, growing Government & Regulatory Affairs Practice at Drinker Biddle & Reath.''' ,'''Leader Reid is doing a horrendous job.''' ,'''Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Newt Gingrich, and other conservative giants are the voices of the conservative movement's conscience. Every day, millions and millions of Americans - myself included - turn on their radios and televisions to listen to what they have to say, and we are inspired by their words and by their determination.''' ,'''There are some problems, and maybe these huge magazines, even, for someone who says, 'Look, I just use an AR-15 for target practice,' but do you really need to be standing there shooting at a silhouette a shot a second or even quicker with that kind of weapon? For what purpose?''' ,'''At the end of the day, every member of the conservative movement, from our political commentators and thinkers to our elected officials, share an important and common purpose in advancing the cause of liberty, reigning in a bloated federal government, and defending our traditional family values.''' ,'''The reality of this Obamacare provision is that young adults will be forced to subsidize healthcare costs for older, financially stable, working-age Americans. At a time when 20-somethings face underemployment, record school debt and less economic opportunity, it is unfair to saddle them with this burden.''' ,'''Of my three daughters and one daughter-in-law, they all work. They all work, some of them full-time, some of them part-time. But they're still there as moms. And when they come home and take over that responsibility, they need a shared partner, and that partner is that partner for life. And I'm talking about, of course, the father.''' ,'''The vaunted Democratic stimulus bill has failed to stimulate anything other than a few federal bureaucrats.''' ,'''With an extraordinary amount of federal employees authorized to use 100% official time on behalf of their union, the federal government loses the immensely valuable civil service for which he or she was originally hired to perform.''' ,'''I think Tom Frieden, the CDC director, is a good man, is a good doctor and, I think, basically has done a good job.''' ,'''Republicans are listening and offering better solutions that get Washington out of your way, out of your pocket, and back on your side.''' ,'''As an OB-GYN physician, I understand the importance of protecting Americans from sexually transmitted diseases, and I applaud the development of an HPV vaccine. But for states to mandate vaccination for young women is both unprecedented and unacceptable.''' ,'''It's very easy for the candidates to talk about how conservative they are, how conservative they will be.''' ,'''Official time is not fair to the government or the taxpayer and works solely to the benefit of labor unions and employees who serve as its representative or steward.''' ,'''Speaker Boehner is doing a great job.''' ,'''A lot of times, you're just so determined to get everything that you're going to vote 'no' if you don't. But if you get 75% of what you want and what your district wants, you should be satisfied with that.''' ,'''Nobody is more conservative in the Congress and the House than Phil Gingrey.''' ,'''Most of the folks to whom I listen are concerned for their future. Too many of them know someone who's out of work, has lost their own job, or fear they might. And, they increasingly believe that the opportunity for a better life for their children is slipping away.''' ,'''I have actively opposed every bailout, every rebate check, every so called 'stimulus.'''' ,'''Americans are calling for a return to common sense in how we solve problems and how the people communicate with their government.''' ,'''We will literally send a van and a photographer to the home of anybody that can say they can't get a picture made and a photo ID and we will do it... at the state's cost and the taxpayer cost and not at the individual cost.''' ,'''A lot of people get elected to Congress, and sometimes a part of their pledge is a term-limit pledge. There's no accountability.''' ,'''As a practicing physician for over 30 years, I can assure the president that the majority of physicians in this country are for health-care reform - just not the government-run reform he prefers.''' ,'''With each new appropriations bill Congress considers, I have to ask myself, 'Is this a good way to spend taxpayer dollars?'''' ,'''Deep ocean drilling is not new.''' ,'''A majority of Americans think Obamacare will make health care in our country worse, and they're right.''' ,'''For the life of me, I can't understand why BP couldn't go in at the ocean floor, maybe 10 feet lateral to the - around the periphery, drill a few holes, and put a little ammonium nitrate, some dynamite, in those holes and detonate that dynamite and seal that - seal that leak. And seal it permanently.''' ,'''I used to go to Savannah all the time as a teenager, and we've got some friends down in Valdosta, so I feel like I've got a good base of support.''' ,'''A rising tide lifts all boats, and you have to start with job creation. We will never get there until we replace all these jobs that have been lost.''' ,]
+++