+++
author = "Jim Pattison"
title = "Jim Pattison Quotes"
quotes_len = "23"
description = "the best 23 Jim Pattison Quotes"
keywords = "jim pattison,jim pattison quotes,jim pattison quote,jim pattison sayings,jim pattison saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I've made more mistakes than anyone I know. Sometimes I learned something, and sometimes I just find myself doing it again. It makes me mad when I wasn't smart enough to learn the first time. You just think it's going to be different the next time, and it's not, as it turns out.''' ,'''In the Sixties, conglomerates were all the rage.''' ,'''I track some long hours.''' ,'''I come to work, and I have a good time. I have no reason to change anything that I do.''' ,'''Radio had been very good to me as a car dealer. It's flexible, and it's fast - you can get on the air in an hour and change your message - and compared to other types of media, it's very good value.''' ,'''We all fail - I have failed so many times, but it never discourages me. I just pick up and go.''' ,'''My dad made a huge impact on me in terms of right and wrong.''' ,'''I probably fly twice a week, within Canada and the States.''' ,'''Today, public companies don't like the idea of conglomerates. People want to buy something in which they know where they are putting their money - into the food business or the oil and gas business. They don't want to put their money into a hodge-podge as a general rule.''' ,'''What I like most about an aquarium is that all ages, from toddlers to pre-schoolers to retired grandparents, can really enjoy the wonders of the sea.''' ,'''My grade 3 teacher put on a kids' Christmas concert, and I played the kazoo, so my mother bought me a trumpet. I took lessons for eight years, was in the Kitsilano Boys Band, and I played in the Vancouver Junior Symphony for two years.''' ,'''When you live in Vancouver, you realize most of the population is in eastern North America.''' ,'''When I came out of high school, my objective in life was to get a job selling used cars, but after trying for two weeks, nobody would hire me.''' ,'''I've got a lot of respect for tuba players, just carrying that thing around.''' ,'''I've always believed that competition is good for consumers and good for businesses.''' ,'''I went into radio in 1965 when I got a license for CJOR 600 AM. It was my second business.''' ,'''In my job, I have many operations, so I tend to use time in my car to think. I get in the car after work and drive all night -11 hours, Vancouver to Banff.''' ,'''People in the high-tech sector are living with change every hour. They can get up in the morning and find themselves behind already.''' ,'''No matter what business you are in, there is change, and it's happening pretty quickly.''' ,'''When I was 8 years old, I sold garden seeds.''' ,'''In Canada, things are very honest.''' ,'''It's quite normal to hear of a change and see it as a problem, but it's probably an opportunity, depending on how quickly you can adjust.''' ,'''During school, I'd advertise cars in the University of British Columbia newspaper.''' ,]
+++