+++
author = "Baron Davis"
title = "Baron Davis Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Baron Davis Quotes"
keywords = "baron davis,baron davis quotes,baron davis quote,baron davis sayings,baron davis saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Breakfast would be, like, egg whites with tomatoes, turkey sausage and feta cheese. Then for lunch I'd have salmon and spinach or something like that.''' ,'''I want to create resolution and inclusion, so I created Black Santa because his eyes see no color.''' ,'''I can tell by body language who wants a shot and who's going to make it and who's going to take a bad shot.''' ,'''Everything in moderation is what I always try to tell myself. But whether you're an athlete or not, its always important to eat healthy.''' ,'''I used to always brick. I used to always do like UCLA or Indiana late game, on the road, and I'll always miss.''' ,'''When I got hurt, I wanted to develop my skills from a storytelling perspective, do the work, read books. Develop things. To be the storyteller for basketball, period.''' ,'''I feel like basketball is my outlet. Basketball is an opportunity for me to get all my emotions out.''' ,'''I can dominate a game at any point.''' ,'''Playing on the Clippers, that was the first time I really felt like I was like on an island by myself.''' ,'''I felt that N.Y. is the mecca of basketball. The love that I have for basketball, I feel it here.''' ,'''I will never demand to be traded. Because if I do, then I'm at fault, I'm the bad guy, I'm the crybaby, I'm immature.''' ,'''I'm like a kid, so I try to avoid haircuts as much as possible.''' ,'''L.A. has such great restaurants, from fancy spots to hole-in-the-wall, there is something for everybody.''' ,'''I've always dreamed about playing for a team that's unselfish.''' ,'''I got a bond with all my teammates. Well, the ones that's real. The ones that I'm cool with, I'm cool with. It's a bond and a brotherhood.''' ,'''No, no, no, I'm not a fashion show type of dude.''' ,'''Nobody cared about Baron Davis for so long, and then all of a sudden, it's like all these articles are coming out. People are passing judgment or thinking they know me.''' ,'''I'm scared of heights and I'm scared of the ocean.''' ,'''Filming 'The Drew,' thinking a lot about story arcs and all that stuff, I thought about how my career ended. I decided I wanted to try to rewrite that.''' ,'''My grandmother knew nothing about sports. She still didn't even when I went to the NBA. She never really cared too much about sports. She only cared about me being a good person.''' ,'''Basketball saved my life.''' ,'''I can pretty much tell which way a meeting's gonna go in the first three or four minutes. Because if someone's not taking me seriously, I'm definitely not taking them seriously.''' ,'''If the Clippers need me, I could come in there and turn it around.''' ,'''UCLA is my heart, man. Crossroads changed my life, UCLA made my life.''' ,'''I've played at Rucker Park a couple of times. It's cold blooded. It's hype in there, real hype.''' ,'''I think basketball becomes an outlet for it, an opportunity to get that frustration out and forget about all the problems and things you have going on in your life outside.''' ,'''I hope my son becomes the next Steph Curry.''' ,'''If you want to make a statement, wear purple.''' ,'''I always had my basketball. So when I showed up at the playground, everybody knew what I wanted to do.''' ,'''It was always like there was no doubt in anybody's mind that I was going to UCLA, so once UCLA started recruiting me, everybody started pushing me there.''' ,'''There was a gap in minority heroes in animation, books, and storytelling for me as a kid, and being a father now, I felt the responsibility I had to the next generation to create stories that allow us to wish and dream and build worlds that inspire young people who haven't traditionally had these heroes to look up to.''' ,'''I think sports is the healing mechanism around the world.''' ,'''I want to play until I'm 38.''' ,'''In street ball, you really don't care about playing defense, unless it's some kind of flashy steal or a big block where you bat the ball across the court, but all you're really worried about is scoring.''' ,'''History lets you know exactly where you are today. And if you pay attention to it, it gives you a broad perspective of everyone. You can relate it to pretty much any time.''' ,'''When I was growing up we didn't have cable. All that came on Saturday morning was Notre Dame football, and I was there every time to watch it.''' ,'''A lot of times, it takes you a while to grow, especially in this league, because year to year is different.''' ,'''A lot of times you can fall into the trap of expecting too much before things actually happen.''' ,''''E.T.' and 'Star Wars' were cult movies then and opened up a brand new world of adventure and mystery. But as much as I would have loved to be friends with E.T., I realized that following in the footsteps of Magic Johnson and Michael Jordan was more realistic.''' ,'''When you're 20 and going to the draft, everybody is telling you what you should wear. I kind of succumbed to peer pressure on that one.''' ,'''I didn't eat at many restaurants when I was younger. There wasn't much in South Central anyways, except for fast food joints.''' ,'''I've always been fascinated with storytelling.''' ,'''Movies play a very important part in my life and I think the most number of films are made in India.''' ,'''I don't mind following good leaders.''' ,'''Sometimes the Knicks just need to be the Knicks. And not the New York Knicks. What I mean by that is that they're New York's team and everybody is going to be focused on that. But they should learn to pace themselves, set goals and be patient with what they're doing.''' ,'''A 'wedgie' is exactly what you think it is. It's the ball getting stuck between the basket and the backboard.''' ,'''Throw me to the wolves. I learn faster when I'm around wolves and sharks.''' ,'''When I was growing up, my grandmother cooked every day. She is the best chef ever.''' ,'''Wiggle is kinda like a word that I feel like I coined. It's being able to maneuver in and out, around defenders with the basketball.''' ,'''I want people to come to Clipper games and smile. I want people to come to Clipper games and be entertained and dance and laugh.''' ,'''I played with a herniated disk that I didn't find out was herniated until I tore my meniscus.''' ,'''There's not a lot of hope coming from the inner city.''' ,'''Some relationships aren't meant to last forever. Some friends aren't meant to last forever. But certain ones will.''' ,'''I'm the king of L.A.''' ,'''I would love to go into coaching someday.''' ,'''I could see myself coaching at the high school level, but I'd really love to coach at UCLA. That would be a dream for me.''' ,'''Nothing will ever outshine, for me, the countless children whose eyes and imaginations I've seen light up when meeting Black Santa and understanding that there's a character of pure good out there that represents them.''' ,'''I have thick skin.''' ,''''Elf' is one of my favorites.''' ,'''My dream was to play football at Notre Dame more than anything.''' ,'''I never saw Black Santa growing up. I would have loved to.''' ,'''Steph Curry - I haven't seen anyone on his level, bringing that type of showmanship with excellence.''' ,'''I just like to write. You can't play basketball 16 hours a day, so it's just working out, working on your body, take a nap, watch some TV, watch some games, and write.''' ,'''My goals all along were to win state and play in the McDonald's All-American game. I'm happy I was able to accomplish those things.''' ,'''Usually guys like Chris Paul, Lebron James, they will steal the ball from you. Stay away from those guys.''' ,'''Where there's love, there's hate; where there's positivity, there's ignorance.''' ,'''I played a lot at the school across the street from my house. That's how I started, really. Playing street basketball and challenging the guys out on the court who were older than me.''' ,'''I'm a believer in starting from the bottom.''' ,'''You just need a good coach. A coach that you respect.''' ,'''For me, Santa was white, and he was in Coca Cola commercials. You never saw a black Santa on TV and in movies, and when you did, it was usually a bum with a Santa hat, or a bunch of jewelry.''' ,'''Take your time to really learn and study the fundamentals of your pursuit, so that one day, your fully developed skill set will allow you to grow into a leader.''' ,'''Man, to make the Hall would be incredible. I'd cry for, like, five weeks straight.''' ,'''Any time you go into a new environment, you have to learn a new system, there are adjustments you have to make.''' ,'''One thing I am is a leader and if I'm not allowed to lead, then I have to follow. So then I want to be the best follower that I can.''' ,'''So, a flop is basically tricking the referee into thinking somebody fouled you or maybe elbowed you in the face.''' ,'''I was a young player, young star in this league. I probably wasn't handling the responsibility the way I should.''' ,'''For me, basketball was the way I was able to hone my leadership skills during the heat of competition.''' ,'''I grind. I hustle. I don't have time to get no haircut.''' ,'''I always like to shop and for me it was just about seeing things I like and making it part of my wardrobe and collecting things that I could always bring back when I'm like 50, 60 years old.''' ,'''Where I'm from, you don't really travel outside your neighborhood unless you're traveling with a bunch of people.''' ,'''If I make it in the NBA or wind up playing overseas, I will be at peace.''' ,'''I think, overall, the NBA and its players are really conscious about our role and what we do as role models.''' ,'''Paul Feig has an incredible style that represents who he is. He wears a suit to work every day.''' ,'''Tim Floyd was a guy from college who hadn't won in the league and he still had that college coaching style of a dictatorship. He didn't want to listen.''' ,'''I think J.Crew has figured out a way to make young professional guys look cool with a polished suit that looks expensive but is actually affordable.''' ,'''My grandfather built a basketball court for me when I was 3 years old as a Christmas present, and I would go back there every day all day and just play basketball.''' ,'''I can probably go down in history as the best backup point guard ever in NBA history.''' ,'''Delaware is not like Hollywood. But Delaware is cool. All you really need is a gym and a couple good places to eat and a movie theater.''' ,'''UCLA takes care of me. I'm a Bruin for life.''' ,'''I used to like Tim Hardaway.''' ,'''I love basketball; I play every day.''' ,'''I'm a huge fan of Clyde Frazier and Earl Monroe.''' ,'''It's not fun if you're sitting on the bench and aren't playing during Christmas. Damn, dude, I could've been watching this at home with my family. As long as you get some camera action on Christmas time, it's OK.''' ,'''I was 5'3' when I was 15, but suddenly shot up to over 6 feet by the time I turned 18 and it was clear that an NBA career was up for grabs.''' ,'''As a parent, you worry about kids' safety and the world they're living in.''' ,'''I want to be able to let people who aren't used to seeing a Santa of color say, 'Wow, there he is.' It's time for America to diversify.''' ,'''Street basketball is all about shakes and fakes, crossing your defender up. The NBA is more strategic.''' ,'''People say all kinds of hurtful things, but I've learned to tune it out the best I can.''' ,'''I think purple is a great color.''' ,'''A lot of times getting double- or triple-teamed, like triangle-and-two, it just made me be more of an all-around player.''' ,]
+++