+++
author = "Sarah Huckabee Sanders"
title = "Sarah Huckabee Sanders Quotes"
quotes_len = "38"
description = "the best 38 Sarah Huckabee Sanders Quotes"
keywords = "sarah huckabee sanders,sarah huckabee sanders quotes,sarah huckabee sanders quote,sarah huckabee sanders sayings,sarah huckabee sanders saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We cannot have people leaking classified information at any level, and we certainly take that very seriously and would not ignore that.''' ,'''I'm honored to help Mr. Trump make America great again.''' ,'''I don't think you can expect someone to be personally attacked day after day, minute by minute, and sit back.''' ,'''Like the other Republican candidates, Mr. Trump is pro-life, pro-marriage and will appoint conservatives to the courts.''' ,'''To the best of my knowledge, I'm the first mom to hold the job of the White House Press Secretary.''' ,'''The United States has a long tradition of preserving the all-American outdoor experience, dating back to the days of President Theodore Roosevelt.''' ,'''I think crime is probably driven more by morality than anything else.''' ,'''I volunteered to join Mr. Trump's campaign because he is a champion of working families, not Washington-Wall Street elites.''' ,'''I was a political junkie from an early age; I got a front row seat on something I love to do.''' ,'''The Trump administration is dedicated to helping build, certify, and defend the Made in America brand so that American products can reach every shore and stock every shelf and American workers can reap the benefits.''' ,'''In Washington, it's often easy to go to work, get lost in the process, and forget why we're here every day. The reason we're here is to serve the American people.''' ,'''When most kids were doing summer camp, I was doing the Arkansas festival circuit, passing out push cards, and shaking hands and tagging along with my dad to every nook and cranny in the state of Arkansas.''' ,'''Governor Pawlenty's commitment to faith and family is not a product of coaching by campaign consultants.''' ,'''It doesn't get much more Arkansas than being a former Arkansas Razorback football player.''' ,'''Just because reporters say something over and over and over again doesn't start to make it true.''' ,'''When it comes to role models, as a person of faith, I think we all have one perfect role model. And when I'm asked that question, I point to God and to my faith. And that's where I tell my kids to look.''' ,'''I think I know the gospel pretty well, and I'd say the CBO is not the gospel.''' ,'''If you want to see chaos, you should come to my house early in the morning when my three kids are running around. That's chaos.''' ,'''When we can export American energy to markets around the world, the president will also be able to use it as an important tool to increase our global leadership and influence, advancing our global agenda and helping to keep our citizens safe.''' ,'''Let's talk about national security. That's what's keeping most Americans up at night.''' ,'''What makes Mr. Trump my choice for president is he will break the grip of the donor class on our government and make it accountable to working families again.''' ,'''If Hillary Clinton had won the election, which, thank God she didn't, but if she had... she would have fired Comey immediately.''' ,'''Governor Pawlenty has the same conservative convictions and executive experience I admire in my dad.''' ,'''For the people to hear directly from their president, no matter what format that is in - whether it's through social-media platforms, whether it's through speeches, whether it's through interviews - that's always a positive.''' ,'''The Trump Administration is working from all angles to bring jobs back to our country by making it a better place to do business.''' ,'''Kids who are the victims of broken families are more likely to end up in poverty, rehab, or jail. I'm a Republican, but I respect President Obama for setting the right example and addressing this problem.''' ,'''I'm not a yes person, whether it's about a tie choice or a joke.''' ,'''I got to work for my hero and travel with him on a regular basis. It doesn't get much better than that for a job.''' ,'''People are just looking for honesty and authenticity more than anything.''' ,'''Arkansas is a very small state, and it's even a smaller field when you break it down to Republicans in this state.''' ,'''I'm absolutely my dad's biggest fan, and anything he wanted to do, I wanted to be a part of.''' ,'''Obamacare is simply not sustainable.''' ,'''I don't know where I will be in 5 weeks let alone five years. But if I am still working in politics, I hope I never lose sight of why I got involved in the first place.''' ,'''Never use 'Politico' for a source for your story.''' ,'''An energy-dominant America will bring even more hard-working Americans into the high-skill, well-paying jobs and careers the energy sector offers.''' ,'''The American people elected somebody who's tough, who is smart, and who is a fighter. It's Donald Trump. And I don't think it's a surprise to anybody that he fights fire with fire.''' ,'''The failure of Obamacare, I think, rests solely on the shoulders of Democrats. They created the program. They pushed it through. They made this legislation happen, and they need to own the failure of it.''' ,'''America needs more fathers taking an active role in their children's lives.''' ,]
+++