+++
author = "Anna Gunn"
title = "Anna Gunn Quotes"
quotes_len = "30"
description = "the best 30 Anna Gunn Quotes"
keywords = "anna gunn,anna gunn quotes,anna gunn quote,anna gunn sayings,anna gunn saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''The idea of 'breaking bad' and what that means in terms of the actions and decisions people make, and why they make them - it makes people question themselves in the 'What would I do?' kind of way.''' ,'''Nobody's all good or bad, and nobody's all light or dark. Every human being has so many different aspects and facets to them. And there can be something noble and something really dark and dangerous going on in a person all at the same time.''' ,'''As kids do, they're smart, and even if parents try to keep things away from them, conflict and issues and whatnot, kids pick up on what's happening.''' ,'''When I was 15 and had the light bulb moment I wanted to be an actor, it was my sole focus and goal, and I went after it with determination.''' ,'''I'm not a gambler, let's just say that, nor have I ever been a dealer at a casino.''' ,'''That's part of the beauty of being an actress: you get to explore different facets of what it is to be a human being and what it is to explore different personalities, and actually, that's one of the things I love about it.''' ,'''When I got my role on 'Seinfeld,' the show was already huge. I was so nervous on my first day. I remember meeting everyone and holding my script and just shaking.''' ,'''For women, no matter what career, what path you choose, it's still an uphill battle to work your way up to these top leadership positions. And you're much more closely scrutinized for everything - for things that men are not.''' ,'''It's changed the landscape of my career without a doubt. 'Deadwood' started to do that, but then 'Breaking Bad' really shifted everything for me.''' ,'''You know my girls are so funny. You're out in the country and there are critters everywhere and they get a little like, 'Oh my God! Oh no, bugs!' and I had to say, 'Honey this is fine. This is their world and it's all part of being in the country.' I realized, 'Oh my God, my girls are really city girls.'''' ,'''Being pregnant is a conundrum. You have this freedom, because it's a wonderful time that a human being is growing inside of you, and it is truly magical. On the other hand, your body changes.''' ,'''My mom told me I could do anything I want, be anyone I want. I believed it. And so I want my daughters to as well.''' ,'''As an actor, my job is not to always play characters who make everybody happy. That's not interesting.''' ,'''In my experience, you get a job for a reason. Your work life happens for a reason.''' ,'''Going under the water and staying under the water for periods of time gives me claustrophobia.''' ,'''I was just so intrigued with good stories from the time I was a little girl. When my parents would take us out to dinner, I would bring a book along. And they were perfectly happy with that.''' ,'''As an actress, I realize that viewers are entitled to have whatever feelings they want about the characters they watch.''' ,'''I certainly had times when I thought this wasn't going to work out, but just being a working actor felt like a victory.''' ,'''It would be a lot of fun to play some comedy.''' ,'''I've just always been very interested in story above all.''' ,'''It's important for women to continue to break through barriers in our industry, in politics, in Wall Street.''' ,'''For actors, you've gotta sometimes fill in your backstory.''' ,'''As an actor - and I say actor, but actress or actor, whatever - I've had to learn to be very open about what I want. I ask for it, even if I may not get it. I feel like it's worth the ask.''' ,'''I enjoy taking on complex, difficult characters and have always striven to capture the truth of those people, whether or not it's popular.''' ,'''If you're doing the same work, you should get the same amount of money, and you should get the same respect. It's about valuation. It's about not being afraid to ask for those things.''' ,'''There are so many more roles for men than there are for women.''' ,'''I'm nervous before every day of work, almost. Even after six years of 'Breaking Bad.'''' ,'''I think theater probably remains my favorite, sort of where my soul lives. It takes a lot of discipline, and you have to show up eight shows a week, no matter how you feel physically, mentally, emotionally - there's nobody to cut around that: you've got to tell the story yourself for two hours.''' ,'''There's nothing wrong with women saying that we can be ambitious and that we can want the same things that men have traditionally wanted.''' ,'''I really did like 'The Wolf of Wall Street.' But not seeing women represented in that world, it definitely had less resonance for me.''' ,]
+++