+++
author = "Lindsey Shaw"
title = "Lindsey Shaw Quotes"
quotes_len = "10"
description = "the best 10 Lindsey Shaw Quotes"
keywords = "lindsey shaw,lindsey shaw quotes,lindsey shaw quote,lindsey shaw sayings,lindsey shaw saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''Each time that you're playing a character, it's hard to pick a favorite.''' ,'''I would love to have my own show, and whatever movies come up, that would be fun to do too. But I love TV, and I love the art of the half-hour sitcom.''' ,'''I just wanna give a big shout out to all the fans out there who have followed my work up until now. You guys are amazing!! Hearing from fans is the best feeling in the world.''' ,'''I have been thinking about joining the Peace Corps. That is something that I would absolutely love to do. I think that would be an incredible experience, so that's an avenue that I might want to look at.''' ,'''My biggest problem in middle school was catty girls, cliques, and trying to figure out if I wanted to be a part of one of those, just figuring out who I was and all that.''' ,'''You know, I'm just grateful to be in this business and to be able to stay in it.''' ,'''Everywhere you look, there is a charity or a project in school to get involved in. In eighth grade, there was this program called CJSF, California Junior Scholarship Foundation. We were involved in soup kitchens and toy drives, and your school can set up something like that. If your school doesn't have a program like that, set one up.''' ,'''I used to be and I still am into psychology. I would like to be able to pursue something like that, but I don't know. The older I've gotten, the more endearing this business has become and I can't really imagine leaving it.''' ,'''The thing about sports movies is, they can't help but feel epic - putting music to images, etc.''' ,'''I am involved in Greenpeace. And I just recently completely switched my diet over to near-veganism. So you try to do little things that you can. I recycle every single day. Every single thing in my house that can be recycled is.''' ,]
+++