+++
author = "Rajneesh"
title = "Rajneesh Quotes"
quotes_len = "12"
description = "the best 12 Rajneesh Quotes"
keywords = "rajneesh,rajneesh quotes,rajneesh quote,rajneesh sayings,rajneesh saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''When you become a sannyasin, I initiate you into freedom, and into nothing else... I am destroying your ideologies, creeds, cults, dogmas, and I am not replacing them with anything else.''' ,'''What I am teaching is religiousness, a quality. Religion is a dead dogma, fixed principles, frozen fossils. What I am teaching to you is a living, flowing religiousness - an experience like love.''' ,'''All of the religions are looking after the poor. At least leave me alone to look after the rich. I am the rich man's guru.''' ,'''Because of the womb being a central phenomenon in the feminine body, the whole psychology of woman differs: she is non-aggressive, non-inquiring, non-questioning, non-doubting, because all of those things are part of aggression. She will not take the initiative; she simply waits - and she can wait infinitely.''' ,'''If you have difficulties making a decision, choose the lesser of the two evils.''' ,'''My people. I have given them a sense of individuality, integrity. I have not made them slaves of any god or any religion. Nor of any holy book or any priest. I have certainly not replaced their god. They are all a part of what I call my traveling circus.''' ,'''Don't avoid extremes, and don't choose any one extreme. Remain available to both the polarities - that is the art, the secret of balancing.''' ,'''I am going to be contradictory to myself many times for the simple reason that I am trying to bring all the religions to a higher synthesis. Different approaches have to be joined together. I am creating an orchestra.''' ,'''Rajneeshism is creating a Noah's Ark of consciousness, remaining centered exactly in the middle of the cyclone. You can only escape within, and that's what I teach. I do not teach worship of God or any other ritual but only a scientific way of coming to your innermost core.''' ,'''A man has a birthright to be tired and retired. I am retired completely.''' ,'''My house was a guest house of many Jaina saints, Hindu monks, Sufi mystics, because my grandfather was interested in all of these people.''' ,'''There is no god, so how can I consider myself a god? God is the greatest lie invented by man.''' ,]
+++