+++
author = "Bobby Darin"
title = "Bobby Darin Quotes"
quotes_len = "46"
description = "the best 46 Bobby Darin Quotes"
keywords = "bobby darin,bobby darin quotes,bobby darin quote,bobby darin sayings,bobby darin saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I'm a singer who moves like a dancer.''' ,'''My family comes first. Maybe that's what makes me different from other guys.''' ,'''I've done a lot of things and I've been a lot of people, but now I've come to realize who I am.''' ,'''If you don't try, if you don't do something for yourself, you won't get anywhere.''' ,'''It happens to the best of them. You lay off singing and your throat gets out of practice. No excuses. I blew it.''' ,'''I realized that I needed to be anonymous on the street and somebody else on the stage. I had tried to put my street self on the stage, but what they want is an actor on stage.''' ,'''The Democratic Party of California is ready to sponsor me. All I have to do is find the right office to run for.''' ,'''Mr. Burns is a father symbol to me, and you can omit the word symbol.''' ,'''When I come out and sing the first few bars of Bill Bailey, it's very exciting.''' ,'''There are certain times I don't want my picture taken. If my wife's stepping out of a car and it looks like it's going to come out an indecent picture, don't I have a right to object?''' ,'''The sex element is the most important in the business. You must sell sex.''' ,'''I don't know what it is to love the way they love-they would jump off a bridge for me. I can't do that. I can only say, I owe you.''' ,'''I don't care if I never do another TV show in my life.''' ,'''My goal is to be remembered as a human being and as a great performer.''' ,'''I drilled holes in the floor of the club, and it's sinking.''' ,'''Any fool knows that bravado is always a cover-up for insecurity. That's the truth. And on that note, I'll say goodnight. God love you.''' ,'''I could have a roomful of awards and it wouldn't mean beans.''' ,'''I'm more married to Sandy now than when we were married with the legal document. We're still married as parents.''' ,'''I decided I was going to give up singing and concentrate on acting, and a result of that, I didn't do another film for two to three years, and I don't blame it on anybody but myself.''' ,'''Maybe I should quit the business. There's no one left for me to love. Mama's dead. Mr. Burns couldn't care less about me. What's left?''' ,'''It isn't true that you live only once. You only die once. You live lots of times, if you know how.''' ,'''My whole life has been a lie.''' ,'''I dazzle you with that footwork.''' ,'''I want to do drama, light comedy, the whole range.''' ,'''A comedian's body is funny as well as his mind being funny, his whole personage is funny.''' ,'''I think Flip Wilson is a brillant comedian.''' ,'''I want to make it faster than anyone has ever made it before. I'd like to be a legend by the time I'm 25.''' ,'''Everybody thinks I'm at death's door, but I'm not. There's nothing seriously wrong with me, and my heart is in 100 percent working order. Anything else you may hear is a damn lie!''' ,'''This marriage is no one's business but our own.''' ,'''A group or an artist shouldn't get his money until his boss gets his.''' ,'''Just call me a family man and an actor who digs his whole scene, side interests and all. Just say I feel mighty good at the ripe old age of 27.''' ,'''Sure my career means a hell of a lot, but it will never come before Sandy and my son.''' ,'''Mr. Burns comes out and flips cigar ashes on his shoes, and makes up about 90 percent of what you hear.''' ,'''Nearly everything I do is part of a master plan to make me the most important entertainer in the world.''' ,'''I had these shoes made and 2 to 3 inch lifts inside and the heel was another 2 and half inches. I walked around that way, wherever I could without falling over.''' ,'''You're either sexy or you're not. I'm very self-conscious about my physiognomy.''' ,'''I don't want to be able to see the audience.''' ,'''My entire life has been a lie.''' ,'''I have worked with a great many comedians as opposed to comics, although I have worked with comics as well, I make the distinction.''' ,'''George Burns was the father I never had.''' ,'''Who am I that I have to sing under an umbrella? These people are my fans, and if they can stand in the rain to hear me sing, I can stand in the rain.''' ,'''Show me any top entertainer or top business executive, and I'll show you a guy who has mapped out his life from the very start.''' ,'''My philosophy is to take one day at a time. I don't worry about the future. Tomorrow is even out of sight for me.''' ,'''I am now a turtle. Virtually everything I own is on my back and suffice it to say I am one ton lighter and therefore 2,000 pounds happier. All houses are gone.''' ,'''It was as though all my hostilities, anxieties, and conflicts were in one ball that was flying away into space, farther from me all the time, leaving me content with myself.''' ,'''Everybody, sooner or later, will have to go under the knife. Let's hope they make out as well as I did.''' ,]
+++