+++
author = "Orson Bean"
title = "Orson Bean Quotes"
quotes_len = "97"
description = "the best 97 Orson Bean Quotes"
keywords = "orson bean,orson bean quotes,orson bean quote,orson bean sayings,orson bean saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I did my teen-age years in World War II. War news was a constant. We kept the radio on in our house to hear Edward R. Murrow broadcasting from the rooftops of London, describing the blitz.''' ,'''TV has changed everything.''' ,'''Back in the fifties (the nineteen fifties, not the eighteen fifties) I did some writing for Mad Magazine, along with my friend Ernie Kovaks and a pair of comics named Bob and Ray.''' ,'''I'm greedy for experience. I keep finding new things.''' ,'''My grandfather lived in New England all his life and was a Vermonter.''' ,'''Being happy is a revolutionary act; I think it spreads, like ripples in a pond.''' ,'''I made a decision a few years back to never again do anything professionally that I didn't want to do.''' ,'''In New Jersey, judges have ruled that a same-sex couple or a single person applying to adopt must be given the same place in line as a married man and woman. I think that's bad for kids. This makes me homophobic? I'm in show business. Half the people in my life are gay.''' ,'''Even I get fan mail.''' ,'''Every restaurant in the world is owned by a Greek.''' ,'''My father was an odd stick. He was a member of MENSA and he was a uniformed yard cop for the Harvard police.''' ,'''Advertising has always been part show biz.''' ,'''The nineteen fifties was a time of tumultuous change.''' ,'''The movies saved my life. I grew up in the great depression, the only child of a pair of star crossed lovers. My father lost his job. My mother drank. They fought. The movies were my escape.''' ,'''I think America was a miracle. I think God loves this country.''' ,'''War was a way of life for Americans in the early forties. Heroism was expected.''' ,'''I'd lived through World War II and hadn't been able to wait to join the army as soon as I turned 18.''' ,'''I had come to New York seeking my fortune after a few years of honing my craft as a stand-up on the road.''' ,'''The reason I became a Christian is the same reason I became a conservative: I paid attention.''' ,'''I made up my mind I was going to walk that thin line between fame and oblivion.''' ,'''In '08, Barrack Obama was famously elected president. Even though I'd supported McCain and dreaded what I feared Barrack might do, I felt a surge of elation when the networks announced he'd won. I really hadn't thought the U.S. would go for an African-American for a decade or so.''' ,'''I think it was a miracle that Trump got elected.''' ,'''People shouldn't get into show business because they want to become stars or become rich; they should get into it because they can't help but put on a show.''' ,'''I grew up on Harvard Square and I watched 50-year old men walking around with green book bags slung over their shoulders going for their fourth PhD, never having left the world of academia to alleged reality.''' ,'''When I was a kid, FDR on the radio said, 'We have nothing to fear but fear itself.' We should be afraid of fear, or at least of acting out of it.''' ,'''I never thought that I couldn't do what I set out to do. It wasn't from arrogance; it was from ignorance.''' ,'''I remember the glory days of film making. I used to go to the movies a lot.''' ,'''Back in the fifties I was the hot, young comic on CBS and a regular on 'The Ed Sullivan Show.' I was also starring in shows on Broadway and acting in dramatic programs on television. Those were the glory days of television. It was like theater. It was live. If an actor forgot a line, he improvised. There was an immediacy to it.''' ,'''I'm not a pessimist. I do believe that in some way we don't understand, God has a hand in things and it will all work out for America. Our money says In God We Trust. And we are the best country, aren't we?''' ,'''I like to work. I like to go every night and play a part.''' ,'''I don't believe most kids enjoy school at all, and that's a shameful waste, considering how curious and excited kids are to learn. They're naturally curious, full of wonder.''' ,'''Possessions can possess you. Even a lawn can possess you. It makes you buy a garden hose. Which makes you water. Which cuts into time you might be happier spending some other way.''' ,'''I am dedicated to giving my kids the memory of happy parents. So I spend a lot of time with them. We really know each other. If they should decide later on that they hate me, at least they'll know who they're hating.''' ,'''One of the things I'm proudest of, one year on my refrigerator, I taped a Christmas card from the Republican National Committee and season's greetings from Gus Hall of the American Communist Party. They both stayed up their months and I'm proud of it.''' ,'''Part of me is nonhuman and eccentric, which is what a hobbit is, and I don't mind being eccentric.''' ,'''I didn't use a voice change to do Bilbo. I have a distinctive voice anyway. I did an attitude change, making Bilbo kind of fussy - fussy and proper - then gradually dropped the fussiness and properness as the madness of battle really affects him.''' ,'''I don't think that the theater should necessarily pay.''' ,'''TV and film are always slipping in political messages, not ones designed to bring us together but to divide us.''' ,'''God is being siphoned out of the public arena. People don't even say God bless you when you sneeze anymore. I want to be able to lay a Merry Christmas on someone without its feeling like a political statement.''' ,'''It's wrong to make a living off the theater. Theater should be supported, like redwood trees. You should make your living - whether you're a writer or an actor or a director - in movies or commercials. But you do theater out of love.''' ,'''It's funny, I never watch TV. I watch Fox News.''' ,'''Left-wingers and right-wingers come together when they become extreme enough. The Nazi Party was called National Socialism, very similar to Stalin's Communism, with the addition of 'the Fatherland.'''' ,'''I think of my life as a cheap novel. Part of you wants it to go on forever, and part of you wants to see how it comes out.''' ,'''You know when I was a kid, I hated every day I was in school, from the kindergarten right through to my last day of high school.''' ,'''I make more than a handsome living doing voices for commercials; I hear myself all day on the tube.''' ,'''If there should be one place where you should forget politics, forget whether you're liberal or conservative, whether you hate Trump or love him, it should be the ballgame.''' ,'''I paid a price for being on game shows and that was not being taken seriously. But so what? I did what I did and I was glad. But it's a strange form of immortality.''' ,'''Men are attracted to youth and beauty; women are attracted to power.''' ,'''Miracles aren't necessarily good for everyone. The parting of the Red Sea, great for the Jews, not so hot for the Egyptian soldiers.''' ,'''I've made a lot of dumb mistakes, but I don't regret them at all.''' ,'''I don't know anyone who doesn't have an empty spot at the center of him, which must be filled in order to be really happy. That spot, like it or not, is reserved for God.''' ,'''Children can become self-reliant and self-disciplined by being free to do what they want to do.''' ,'''For most of my life I didn't believe in God. Who had time?''' ,'''I think God loves to hear little kids laugh at fart jokes. He didn't just make sunsets and bluebirds, He made hot babes. And dirty old men like me. That's the modest message I've set out to tell the world: you don't have to be Ned Flanders to be a Christian.''' ,'''I certainly have no plans to quit the United States.''' ,'''I'm thankful I've learned to embrace insecurity, not just to tolerate it. Life is more fun that way, and I'm thankful for that, too.''' ,'''Anything that's done correctly is easy.''' ,'''Each morning and night I get down on my knees and thank God for my life and ask Him to make me grateful all the time instead of just most of the time.''' ,'''San Francisco is a city; L.A. is a collection of suburbs that have very little in common with one another.''' ,'''A lot of people didn't know I was doing Broadway. They thought I was one of those guys who was famous for being famous. I was the one who sat next to Charles Nelson Reilly and said funny things.''' ,'''In the long period of time when I did talk shows and game shows, a whole new generation of people came along who thought of me as that, and not as a theater person.''' ,'''What is it with me? I seem to be an incorrigible black-listee.''' ,'''I did a lot of TV work for more than 30 years in New York and L.A., but I would get on the stage whenever I could.''' ,'''I adored my mother. She was beautiful, smart, sexy and funny.''' ,'''Whatever else it was about, the feminist movement had no interest in exploding the myth of the mysterious and wonderful world of business; it simply wanted in on it.''' ,'''What I learned at home was despair and hopelessness. What I learned at the pictures was don't give up the ship, we have only begun to fight, it's always darkest before the dawn.''' ,'''Being a good game show panelist is like being a virtuoso of the kazoo.''' ,'''One night in a club in Boston, I tried the name Roger Duck. No laughs. The next night, I tried Orson Bean, putting together a pompous first name and a silly second name. I got laughs, so I decided to keep it.''' ,'''I felt only a conservative president could bring peace in Vietnam 'cause he wouldn't be accused of being soft on communism.''' ,'''Hollywood is very divisive.''' ,'''Strange are the ways of human behavior.''' ,'''I knew people who were real Communists but never made it onto the blacklist and kept on working. There were also people reputed to be Communists who weren't.''' ,'''Most municipalities grow up around commerce; there's a harbor, or the train stops there. Venice, CA was founded for fun.''' ,'''The people who get bored and want to get out of a long-run aren't the people who actually like to act.''' ,'''I didn't want to be famous for its own sake. I wanted to be famous so as to be happy.''' ,'''I was living in a four-story Manhattan townhouse with three full-time servants and silver to be polished, and I was doing too much. My kids were growing up without me, and suddenly I thought, 'I want some other stuff.' So I stopped working instead of cutting back, and went to Australia instead of Vermont.''' ,'''We believe in satisfying our own needs but always considering others.''' ,'''I don't expect to be another Walt Disney, but I do get a terrific bang out of being able to say things with pictures. Maybe that means something deep and profound about me - but I doubt it.''' ,'''I always identified with Frankenstein because as a kid, I never got the girl.''' ,'''When I grew up, which was really in the 30s and the 40s, the movies were a moral guideline for me.''' ,'''My wife and I sold our house New York and moved to Australia for a year; then we came back and spent almost three years bumming around the country in an old '61 VW van. We put the kids in school wherever we happened to be, but mainly we reveled in being rootless.''' ,'''I just feel lucky; I just feel happy to be alive.''' ,'''Young actors ask me for advice. They say, 'Should I get an agent?' I tell them, 'Don't worry about that. Act, act, act. Get into that production of 'The Three Sisters' in a church basement. Consider every audition a chance to act, even if it's just for three minutes. Just do it whenever and wherever you can.'''' ,'''I mean, acting is so easy! I love it and I'm good at it.''' ,'''I used to picture myself as the old guy eating the Early Bird Specials in the mall.''' ,'''I think people are afraid to be original.''' ,'''Old people come up to me and say, 'Are you still alive? I used to watch you on 'To Tell The Truth' when I was a kid.'''' ,'''Until I read Neill's book, 'Summerhill,' I thought there were only two ways to bring up children, either with authoritarian discipline or with permissiveness. Either way, hopefully, applied with love. Now I know there is a third way: teaching a child self*regulation, not by coercion or by abandoning discipline, but by freedom with responsibility.''' ,'''Well, I haven't done that many movies, but the best one was 'Being John Malkovich.'''' ,'''I was blacklisted and overnight my TV appearances dried up. Ed Sullivan called to cancel my appearance and said he'd help me when he could, and a year later he did. Only a few wackos wanted the blacklist. It was a protection racket.''' ,'''I never cared what anyone thought about me.''' ,'''I loved New York in the '50s.''' ,'''The only real benefit of being famous is being recognized by head waiters and getting good tables at restaurants. The rest is part ego trip and part inconvenience.''' ,'''It's never been written about, but before the blacklist of Dalton Trumbo and the Hollywood Ten, there was a de facto blacklist by Communists in the movie industry, and there were a lot of them.''' ,'''I don't spend my life making money to spend tomorrow, or to acquire possessions.''' ,'''I love Spike Jonze. He's brilliant.''' ,'''Cecil B. DeMille worshipped the almighty buck.''' ,]
+++