+++
author = "Helle Thorning-Schmidt"
title = "Helle Thorning-Schmidt Quotes"
quotes_len = "16"
description = "the best 16 Helle Thorning-Schmidt Quotes"
keywords = "helle thorning-schmidt,helle thorning-schmidt quotes,helle thorning-schmidt quote,helle thorning-schmidt sayings,helle thorning-schmidt saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''We can say farewell to 10 years of bourgeois rule... now we have the opportunity to change Denmark.''' ,'''But what sets Europe apart is we insist on a social model that consists of solidarity, equal opportunity and a certain amount of redistribution.''' ,'''I really appreciate the British part of my family.''' ,'''Of course we have to address the deficit if we win.''' ,'''We did it. Make no mistake: We have written history. Today there's a change of guards in Denmark.''' ,'''We are not jumping on the austerity bandwagon. A healthy economy is by far the most important thing for Social Democrats.''' ,'''Without growth we can't pay down our debt, and without growth there's no money for welfare.''' ,'''People want to make sacrifices but they don't want to be sacrificed.''' ,'''I feel like giving myself a pat on the back. We can create history tonight. We can bid goodbye to 10 years of (Liberal-Conservative) government which has ground to a halt, and get a new government and a new majority in Denmark.''' ,'''I'm taking care of the children, doing a bit of cooking and trying to do a bit of DIY around the house. But that's not going too well.''' ,'''For young girls, whom I meet a lot when I travel around the country, it will be a big thing. It will really show them that there's no post in Denmark that a girl can't aspire to.''' ,'''I know too much about British politics to comment on British politics.''' ,'''We have the opportunity to change Denmark - that opportunity must be seized.''' ,'''Denmark needs change, Denmark needs to move on and Denmark needs my leadership.''' ,'''This is not an election where we hand out gifts. It is an election where we ask everyone to contribute more.''' ,'''So yes, European decision making is not pretty. But it does work.''' ,]
+++