+++
author = "Ken Berry"
title = "Ken Berry Quotes"
quotes_len = "63"
description = "the best 63 Ken Berry Quotes"
keywords = "ken berry,ken berry quotes,ken berry quote,ken berry sayings,ken berry saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I spent every summer as a child at my uncle's farm in Illinois so I know all about gathering eggs and how the hens will peck at you.''' ,'''I saw a song and dance act at the carnival and decided that's what I wanted to do. I worked on my mother first, she convinced my dad, and I started taking dance lessons at the Maureen Bennett Studio.''' ,'''I could rob a bank and no one would notice me, but Rock Hudson! He's a movie star.''' ,'''I'm the last of the song and dance men.''' ,'''I had found my niche working in a trade I love with reasonable hours.''' ,'''Everybody likes to see a good soft-shoe dance and a song to go with It, but how often do you see It? It's a lost art, just plain hoofing, and I've never heard of anybody who didnt enjoy doing it or watching it.''' ,'''I grew up loving movie musicals and Idolizing Fred Astalre. I never worked with Fred but I met him once at a pool hall in Van Nuys.''' ,'''It took me two years to realize I had a good solid hit with 'F Troop'... two years to be convinced I was going to stay on, and then they canceled.''' ,'''There's no way I can tell if a rock group is good or not!''' ,'''You know, I started my theater career in Los Angeles as a song-and-dance man.''' ,'''I've always called myself 'Mr. Dull Guy.'''' ,'''Sure, if I had a choice I'd really prefer Jackie at home, waiting for me with a hot meal on the table. But I married a show business gal - we met when we were working in the old 'Billy Barnes Revue' and I went into that marriage with my eyes open.''' ,'''Over the years, my goals have changed somewhat.''' ,'''If I try to impress a room-ful of guests by calling my answering service to see if there are any messages, they never understand my name. They think I am saying Kim Barry, and I have to repeat my name over and over.''' ,'''I hate to work with another performer who reads cards. The most guilty are the people who do only a few specials a year. You'd think with so few shows they could leam the lines.''' ,'''To be able to sit in your living room, watch a speech live by the president, and be able to look into his eyes, and make your own decision - that's television.''' ,'''Some people think a series like 'Mayberry' is a snap, but nothing in this world is a snap, unless you want it to be.''' ,'''It's hard to get past the fact that I'm working with Donald O'Connor and becoming friends with him.''' ,'''I never had a hobby in my whole life until I wag 35. Then I discovered motorcycles, and they've now become almost a passion.''' ,'''It's hard to get someone, particularly agents, to tell you the truth.''' ,'''Mv wife opened a gift shop and I had a cleaning plant. We both lost money on them. I guess we'll stick to acting.''' ,'''I like getting up when everyone else does and going home when everyone else does.''' ,'''What I'd like is to act on film. I'd really like to act.''' ,'''A lot of times I'll be playing roles for which I'm too long in the tooth, but people who go see musicals don't seem to worry too much about that.''' ,'''I hate variety shows.''' ,'''I was so happy doing 'F Troop,' I would have been happy if it had run 20 years.''' ,'''I lost a lot of jobs because I looked too much like Tom Selleck... or Robert Redford.''' ,'''It used to be my ambition to emulate Fred Astaire on the stage and in motion picture musicals.''' ,'''I've never seen a production of 'No, No Nanette' but it is sure a fun show to do.''' ,'''Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor - those were my idols. All I ever wanted to be was a motion picture song-and-dance man. I kind of fell into other things. Did walk-ons and bits for years and worked in little theater at night.''' ,'''I used to see movies where they'd put on a play in a barn, but I've never played one.''' ,'''I hooked up with Warner Bros, and I was dying to play Ensign Pulver in the 'Mr. Roberts' series, and I didn't get the part. Instead they cast the with Forrest Tucker and Larry Storch in 'F Troop.'''' ,'''I no longer have aspirations to be a superstar or a famous dancer. In fact, I've got a rehearsal hall down in the basement of my house and I never even go down there to practice my dancing at all.''' ,'''There's something about a fall that tickles people. I can't explain why.''' ,'''I came to Hollywood to be a movie song-and-dance man just at the time those films were going out of style.''' ,'''I wish I owned a bunch of farm land. I'd love to have fields full of grain.''' ,'''I like to read the classified ads every morning. Just the cars for sale. Love to look at cars for sale, Don't buy them, of course. Just look. But I don't like to talk to people.''' ,'''I get less secure every year.''' ,'''One time I attended a big Hollywood party, and everybody was there Groucho Marx, Jack Benny, George Burns, Barbra Streisand. I walked around with my mouth hanging open, just thrilled that I had been invited!''' ,'''When 'Mama's Family' was canceled, I was stunned that the phone didn't ring anymore.''' ,'''I like to sit in front of the fire at night, sip a beer and think.''' ,'''I like to get up in the morning, work during the day and go home at night.''' ,'''There is more to a fall than just flopping or stumbling. You can get hurt unless you know what you're doing.''' ,'''I know my limitations.''' ,'''We don't play bridge, golf or tennis. And I guess just about the only thing I'm interested in is reading about, talking about and looking at cars.''' ,'''In all the classic comedies of the old silent movies, the pratfall always got the biggest lauch. Even more than a pie in the face.''' ,'''I love TV series work almost to the exclusion of anything else.''' ,'''It really doesn't matter if I work a lot, because most of everything I earn goes to pay alimony.''' ,'''It's very difficult for me to explain myself. I used to park blocks away from NBC when I went to work there so I wouldn't have to tell the gate-man who I was. He'd always repeat 'Who?' And I'd have to go through who I was again and where I was working. So I'd just park on the street and find a fence I could climb over.''' ,'''True, I drive an Italian sports car around Hollywood, but the radio is tuned to a country-and-Western station.''' ,'''Work is not my obsession. I like to dabble, and come to think of it that's what I have been doing all my life.''' ,'''Some of the best shows on television are produced by news departments.''' ,'''The thing about hoofing is that It's much more intricate than people realize. Occasionally you see some good hoofing on TV. Bob Hope is very good at the old slide steps. George Burns does a good, old-fashioned sand dance from Vaudeville!''' ,'''I have to admit, if I had my druthers, I'd prefer one camera TV. That's what 'Mayberry R.F.D.' and 'F Troop' were. You make mistakes, you do it over again. Both of those companies were just a great lot of fun to be with.''' ,'''It's harder and harder to find a spot within a day's drive of Los Angeles with enough vacant grass or even sand or dirt to stake a tent on.''' ,'''I love diving and motorcycling!''' ,'''I hate live audiences!''' ,'''I put a lot of money in a coin-operated dry-cleaning place and it keeps losing money and I can't get anybody to buy it. So I keep pouring more money Into it, and into the laundry next door which'my father owns.''' ,'''It was just a series of accidents that I became an actor. My first job was when a friend called and said he was putting together a song and dance group for the 'Gale Storm Show.' The role also involved a few lines. Then a man's wife, who had seen me in that, recommended me for a job she was doing.''' ,'''There's not much to tell about me, and in five minutes I'll probably be repeating myself.''' ,'''I guess you could say I'm a home boy at heart.''' ,'''It was scary. I went into that with great apprehension. All you hope is that you don't hurt it. I had nothing to do with the success of 'The Andy Griffith Show.' I just hoped I wouldn't do anything wrong.''' ,'''There's not much call for hoofers, and that's basically what I am.''' ,]
+++