+++
author = "Mackenzie Crook"
title = "Mackenzie Crook Quotes"
quotes_len = "11"
description = "the best 11 Mackenzie Crook Quotes"
keywords = "mackenzie crook,mackenzie crook quotes,mackenzie crook quote,mackenzie crook sayings,mackenzie crook saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I still draw a lot though. Ballpoint pen is my preferred medium.''' ,'''It's not a very secure industry. I've spoken to a couple of people recently who had a successful TV show and then found themselves absolutely skint and struggling to find a job.''' ,'''My son thinks I'm hilarious, but he's only 1.''' ,'''I spend days with writers' block. It is a problem.''' ,'''Recently I've been collecting Star Wars figures again. When I was a kid I couldn't afford them. Now I can so I've been buying them and keeping them in their box for a later date when they'll be worth a lot of money.''' ,'''I don't have much choice these days in how I have my hair.''' ,'''All the parts I get offered are character and comedy parts, and I probably wouldn't get them if I had a different face. So I'm glad I have a comedy face.''' ,'''I like the fact you can spend two hours setting up a scene that will only last a couple of seconds. And I like just sitting around and dozing between scenes!''' ,'''I'd like to go back to standup. I don't like to think I've done my last gig. At the moment it terrifies me, I get really nervous. It's a great buzz when it goes well.''' ,'''I like the outdoors and the natural world. Environmental issues.''' ,'''I haven't got a car or a house. I've got a wife, but I didn't pay for her! I spend all my money on my glorious wife. She's here with a knife at my throat!''' ,]
+++