+++
author = "Kylie Bax"
title = "Kylie Bax Quotes"
quotes_len = "22"
description = "the best 22 Kylie Bax Quotes"
keywords = "kylie bax,kylie bax quotes,kylie bax quote,kylie bax sayings,kylie bax saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''My greatest fear is flying. And I do a lot of flying, so that's a bummer.''' ,'''If we can send a man to the moon, then why don't we send a woman?''' ,'''My first child, I think I was completely shell shocked. I was ecstatic but in shock that I was now responsible completely for another life and it was my co-creation and how did I manage that?! I was in awe that I had actually done what millions of other women had done, given birth and now an added responsibility of 'mommy' in my life ahead!''' ,'''I don't admire one particular style, but for evening events, I always look to Grace Kelly for inspiration.''' ,'''I like to walk around my apartment naked. I like sitting around in the nude watching sports, actually.''' ,'''I wish I had Wonder Woman's magic lasso like her to make people tell the truth.''' ,'''I love it when a photographer lets me create my own movement and feeling to the images. By that I mean he doesn't restrict me in his or her own ideas but rather gives me a direction and lets me work within those boundaries freely.''' ,'''Kiwis must not fall behind the standards of other countries. We pride ourselves on our quality of life. Thus we must pave the road in the right way for the future generations.''' ,'''Most of my friends are male. Men are more fun.''' ,'''Greece is the most magical place on Earth.''' ,'''Always wear a smile sometime during the day - it makes you feel happier and look younger.''' ,'''My mother was a beauty queen in her hey day. That's where I learnt a little about makeup and hair... I had never picked up or even seen a 'Vogue' before I was 17. I had no idea about fashion, magazines, models or designers. No idea.''' ,'''I can pull a bone out of my shoulder and dislocate it.''' ,'''I never feel comfortable modeling when I'm pregnant, even if I'm not showing.''' ,'''I'm working on just finding a boyfriend right now.''' ,'''I wish I had more hair on my head. Maybe if I sprinkled fertilizer on it, it would grow.''' ,'''I want my children and grandchildren to see what I look like now.''' ,'''Modeling, for me, isn't about being beautiful but creating something interesting for people to look at and think about.''' ,'''Some tell me I'll break my ankle on my high heels - but I live in them. I'm known for doing speed dashes and leaps and bounds in heels. No problem.''' ,'''I stayed away from mirrors when I was younger and I didn't like having my picture taken. I was tall and had braces and felt ugly.''' ,'''I'm not a hat person. I really don't like wearing things on my head.''' ,'''My aim and my passion is to own and breed race horses.''' ,]
+++