+++
author = "Juan Martin Del Potro"
title = "Juan Martin Del Potro Quotes"
quotes_len = "100"
description = "the best 100 Juan Martin Del Potro Quotes"
keywords = "juan martin del potro,juan martin del potro quotes,juan martin del potro quote,juan martin del potro sayings,juan martin del potro saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I take the really sad moments with me to the court. I'm able to transform all that energy, and from it create strength, faith, and a will to honor everything I've gone through. I use the memory of those painful moments as a weapon to keep fighting.''' ,'''The serve is very important for my game. Also the forehand. When both are working, I'm happy.''' ,'''You never know what could happen in the future.''' ,'''Everything that I got, it's special. I mean, I had the silver medal from Rio. Also was one of my best week ever on tour, playing for my country in Rio. Davis Cup, it's also special for me and for my country.''' ,'''I go to church in Argentina and I try to keep it up during the tournaments.''' ,'''My English no good.''' ,'''Sometimes I have to deal with pain in my wrist, which is normal after all my surgeries, but I think it's amazing for me to be just thinking about tennis, not anymore about the injuries.''' ,'''When I'm 100% I know I can be dangerous.''' ,'''Nobody knew what was happening in my wrist. I changed many times the treatment and nothing works. But in the end I survived with my mind. I never give up.''' ,'''I don't have anything to lose against Federer.''' ,'''Everyone says many, many, good things to me, and it's an extra motivation.''' ,'''Well, Bautista is very difficult guy to play. He has everything on his game and is never easy to beat one guy at level as him.''' ,'''I spend a lot of time with the fans during my practice sessions, and then off court I meet them every time.''' ,'''Everybody loves tennis or soccer there. That's another reason for these unbelievable tennis players from Tandil.''' ,'''I worked hard on my serve and my forehand, but I still have a lot of things to work on.''' ,'''I want to keep going up in the rankings, play very often with the top guys.''' ,'''Well, I am Catholic.''' ,'''I had a sister who died many years ago, and I believe that she protects me from the sky. She was eight years old. It was a car accident in Argentina. I was five or six, so it was much worse for my parents.''' ,'''I think the people loves my effort to come back and play tennis. They know what have been through with all my wrist problems. They like one guy who never give ups, and he's trying to play tennis.''' ,'''My family and friends help me a lot to never give up.''' ,'''You need a very sharp team working with you to still be the same person all the time.''' ,'''I've never done a fake injury or something like that. If I look tired, in pain, it's because this is true.''' ,'''I just want to play tennis wherever I can, whenever I can.''' ,'''I like to play big battles with other guys.''' ,'''Especially the top players, they always try to set their own form, so to say, around the Grand Slams because that's where they want to play their best.''' ,'''I often think about the Boca attitude, what Boca means across the world, and about how many times they've won games you say they've lost, only for them to come back like Boca can.''' ,'''I love to play against Rafa because he's the biggest fighter in this sport. I don't like to see him suffering on the court.''' ,'''My body is really worn out. This pain is part of my life, and I play the match with it. And since no other player has gone through what I've gone through in terms of injury, setbacks, it's hard for them to understand.''' ,'''Sometimes you feel you are never going to be the same again.''' ,'''Well, I think the indoors conditions are perfect. You don't have wind, sun, anything.''' ,'''I believe in myself.''' ,'''I think to win in straight sets every match is important for the body, for the legs, for the physical conditions.''' ,'''When you have chances against the top guys, and you couldn't make it, then they take advantage of the game.''' ,'''I have to do two or three hours of treatments every day just to be able to step onto a tennis court.''' ,'''When you put your trust in doctors who are the ones who are supposed to help you and you don't sense that they are sure of themselves, it is tough.''' ,'''When you don't have that confidence to play three, four hours with a good backhand against Rafa, is just matter of time to get down your game.''' ,'''I like to see Argentinian fans around the courts, Latino-American people, also.''' ,'''I think the other guys, they have advantage to me when they play with six or eight racquets in one match.''' ,'''Many fans give me too much love on court, off court as well.''' ,'''I know how good I am when I am 100%.''' ,'''I know the people likes when I hit hard with my forehands.''' ,'''I am a quiet man.''' ,'''Against Federer, is not easy to share the fan's love. He is a local around the world in every tournament.''' ,'''I like to study culture and buildings and it's something I do on tour.''' ,'''I want to end my career when it is right for me and not because of my health.''' ,'''When I feel that confidence to do my best shots, I know I can be dangerous for all the guys.''' ,'''My parents, my friends and my coaches, they follow me in my bad moments and in my best moments.''' ,'''When you play semifinals on a Grand Slam, anything can happen, so you must be ready for the chance.''' ,'''Everybody has problems in their life and the smarter people are the ones who know how to find a solution.''' ,'''Against Rafa, you never know when you are going to win. He fights all the time. He never gives up.''' ,'''I just want to play tennis in front of the big crowds.''' ,'''These are pinnacles of our sport: majors. It's where you want to play your best. There is something special about them. Two-week-long event, best-of-five.''' ,'''Always, in every match here at the U.S. Open, the crowd make me feels special. I really like the atmospheres down there.''' ,'''I don't really mind the rankings or the numbers.''' ,'''Some athletes can change, because it's not easy when you became famous too fast. The money, the pictures, the fans following you everywhere you can have everything you want. There are different temptations every time, but you have to be calm with your focus and your work.''' ,'''My way of playing has changed, the way I view points and look for different openings, certain opportunities.''' ,'''When you play the same tournament as Federer, Murray, Djokovic and Rafa, they have more media than me, for sure.''' ,'''It's not easy for the players change the racquet.''' ,'''I never give up.''' ,'''That's amazing when I get into the court, and the people likes just to see me.''' ,'''My coach from the time I was a kid was a specialist of hard courts. He teach me a different forehand than the rest of Argentinian players. That's why I am able to work better on hard courts.''' ,'''I just do what my heart feels.''' ,'''Well, Argentina has a big idols in soccer, in different sport. I'm just doing my job, trying to be an example for the kids, to teach them that you have to do effort to get your goals in your life.''' ,'''I take lots of pictures.''' ,'''When I was a kid, I mix watching soccer and the U.S. Open, that's it.''' ,'''Basically Serena is one of the greatest players of the history. I wish all the best to her because she's so nice.''' ,'''I'm very proud to represent my hometown, my country.''' ,'''I like to be dangerous for the top guys.''' ,'''I just want to keep improving my backhand.''' ,'''I have already achieved my goals with tennis.''' ,'''It's not easy to feel like a local player all over the world and that's how I feel. It's incredible.''' ,'''When I go out with my friends, if people come up to me, everyone has good intentions and means well.''' ,'''I trust on myself.''' ,'''At the height of my career, prior to the injuries, I never thought I could break the barrier of Federer, Nadal, Djokovic and Murray, and now I did it with everything that happened.''' ,'''My wrist, I need stability in my wrist, more strength and flexibility, everything.''' ,'''I trust my doctors, my team, my physical trainers.''' ,'''To me, the U.S. Open was always the Grand Slam I wanted to win most.''' ,'''I come to play hardball at every event I play.''' ,'''I like to play always with the No. 1 of the world, doesn't matter the tournament or the conditions or the weather.''' ,'''The worst moment was in 2015 when I was close to quitting this sport because I couldn't find a way to fix my wrist problems. I had been suffering a lot. I got depressed for couple of months also.''' ,'''Tennis matches can last a long time and there are lots of times when all sorts of things can go through your mind.''' ,'''Miami has a big Argentinian, how you say, society, living here, so I meet them everywhere.''' ,'''I am trying to be a good person every day and do what my parents teach me when I was a kid.''' ,'''I just have the chance to play the greatest in this sport, and it's amazing for me.''' ,'''I like to go to the supermarket and I meet fans there too.''' ,'''I really appreciate everyone who cheers for me all around the world at every tournament.''' ,'''We have a good connection - New Yorkers, American fans, Argentinean fans and me.''' ,'''The tennis life is very short, as I say. And my first goal is always to be a good person.''' ,'''In the finals, anything can happen.''' ,'''The people stand up from the chairs when I hit good winners. I like to do that.''' ,'''The money, the pictures, the fans following you everywhere you can have everything you want. There are different temptations every time, but you have to be calm with your focus and your work.''' ,'''It's really difficult to beat a player like Novak.''' ,'''When I was 16 I played at the Orange Bowl. I was one of the favourites to win and Boca were playing in the Intercontinental Cup against Milan. It was four in the morning in Miami and they wouldn't let me get up to watch it. I put the TV on ever so quietly, though, and watched the whole game, which went to penalties and lasted forever.''' ,'''It was an incredible experience with Pope Francis, something that I'll never forget. It was a dream come true for a guy like me. It was an unforgettable moment. I was very nervous before meeting him, to be able to congratulate him and talk with him. He was nice. Everybody knows he is very humble.''' ,'''It is so difficult when you are out for a year, not just because you are not playing, but because other players are still playing. They are in competition all the time, so when you come in again and try to play them at the same level, with the same intensity, it is very hard.''' ,'''My friends, they talk to me a lot. They say 'You have to fight. You love tennis. It is your life. Try, try and try,' they say to me... And that's what I'm trying to do.''' ,'''I love this sport, I love the competition.''' ,'''Sometimes in tournaments I'll see Argentinians with Boca shirts and flags and that gives me a boost.''' ,'''When I am working, I know this is my work so I can be focused for three hours, four hours, or whatever, and then outside I am a person like you or the children playing soccer in the street.''' ,'''Sometimes it is difficult to find a church, and then there is the problem that people follow you everywhere. But I try to be close to one whenever I can.''' ,]
+++