+++
author = "Britt Robertson"
title = "Britt Robertson Quotes"
quotes_len = "43"
description = "the best 43 Britt Robertson Quotes"
keywords = "britt robertson,britt robertson quotes,britt robertson quote,britt robertson sayings,britt robertson saying,quotes, sayings,quote, saying, motivation"
quotes = ['''I moved to L.A., and I lived in the Oakland Apartments, which is this notorious hub for actor children and their stage moms. For the first few years that I lived there, Hilary Duff and Frankie Muniz frequented the apartments. I was much younger than them at the time.''' ,'''I'm not even a little bit talented at the red-carpet makeup thing, but recently I did learn how to give myself dramatic-looking eyes and how to contour my cheekbones.''' ,''''A Walk to Remember' was a huge movie for me. I thought Mandy Moore was the coolest thing that ever happened. And Shane West - man, did I have a crush on him.''' ,'''After 'Life Unexpected' ended, I wanted to do something that was completely different from Lux and that show. I wanted to be able to keep my fans, but not have them confused about who I was or what my character was.''' ,'''For me as an actor, you always sort of want to bring yourself to a character in some way. You want to find a way to approach something in a way that's real and interesting, and also so there's some empathy there.''' ,'''I think it would be amazing to be a character actor and still be a lead now and then in movies.''' ,'''I was a super tomboy growing up.''' ,'''I was 11 and watching soap operas with my mom, and I thought it would be cool to be an actor. I thought soap operas was going to be the dream at the time - it's obviously now not the dream, but I think soap operas are really cool. Maybe I'll go back to that.''' ,'''I've kissed in the rain so many times. I think one of my first kisses was in the rain. It was in Washington, D.C., with some kid named Dash, in eighth grade. It was in the rain.''' ,'''I'm a huge horror fan.''' ,'''My grandmother raised me for a good portion of my life. She moved to Los Angeles with me to be an actor, so I've always had a connection with an older generation.''' ,'''I tried to play every sport. I wasn't great at most of them, but at least I tried!''' ,'''I remember the moment that I realized that I was going to get the opportunity to be in my dream role, and I said, 'I just don't think life gets any better!' You have to take that moment and expand it for as long as possible because it's such a cool feeling.''' ,'''On the one blind date I went on, I had a backup. If I texted you the code word, you call and say my dogs are sick.''' ,'''You see George Clooney, and you think he's suave and handsome and really charming, but he's such a goofball!''' ,'''If I can play 15 when I am 25, I can play 35 when I'm 55.''' ,'''There have been times where I have been playing a 16-year-old, and people have been like, 'She still looks 12.' I'm like, 'I'm 22. What do you mean I don't look 16?' So I'm comfortable just rocking my young body.''' ,'''I am the oldest of seven. Do my siblings think I'm super cool? I wish they thought I was super cool!''' ,''''Tomorrowland' is very much the dream role for me. I've always wanted to do a movie like this. Movies like this aren't made anymore, and it's so cool that I get to be a part of it. I get to do something new and crazy every day, and my character goes through so many different things. I get to do all of it. It's awesome.''' ,'''My mom wasn't a fan of public school systems. She was scared of letting me go. So, she home-schooled my siblings and I, and she was desperately trying to find something for me to do for an extracurricular. She was trying to socialize me, so she put me in community theater, and I was instantly taken by it.''' ,'''I like the wild characters. I like the idea of being a character actor without being a character actor.''' ,'''I really like Demi Lovato. I think she is really cool, and her laugh is infectious.''' ,'''I don't like when people put their dishes in the dishwasher without scrubbing them properly because it comes out with those little white dots and then you can't get those out. And you have to rewash them.''' ,'''I never talk about auditions. Even if I've got the role, I won't tell people until we're literally filming it.''' ,'''My best friend and I go to bed at 11 o'clock. We have such old lady schedules. Everyone's always like, 'Let's go out!' And we're always like, 'No, we don't want to.' They call us the grandmas. L.A. can get really old really quickly if you waste your life away in a club all night.''' ,'''The perfect shorts are always important.''' ,'''I've gone to prom multiple times, had fights with the principal, a relationship with my teacher. When people ask if I wish I had gone to high school, I tell them that I've acted all of that stuff out, and it just doesn't seem like fun.''' ,'''I love to continue acting. It's my passion.''' ,'''When you're not the lead, you don't have as many restrictions.''' ,'''I like really bad T.V.; it's a problem. Love me some reality.''' ,'''My family is large and in charge! That's my favorite way to describe them.''' ,'''I was home-schooled. My mom wasn't a fan of public school systems.''' ,'''I was going to start a housekeeping business at one point because I'm really good at cleaning houses.''' ,'''The song 'Can't Look Back Now' by the Weepies reminds me of the entire 'Life Unexpected' experience.''' ,'''I eat like no other; it drives everyone crazy. I eat donuts three times a day, and I probably go through four Mountain Dews a day. I'm on, like, a sugar high at all times, pretty much.''' ,'''I was 14 or 15 when I moved to L.A. permanently, but I had been out for pilot season for a few years before that.''' ,'''I like down-to-Earth characters, but I also like being able to get outside my box of knowledge.''' ,'''I never had a problem with social situations. A lot of times, when people are in school, they can have a little hesitancy because people are mean sometimes. I never had that problem because I never had that experience. So, I had a pretty easy transition.''' ,'''I am close - too close - with my family.''' ,'''George Clooney is actually a huge prankster. That's sort of his jam. I had no idea.''' ,'''As a kid, I would always shop for my back-to-school clothes at department stores. I lived in a small town, and department stores were all we had access to.''' ,'''Some of the best advice I was ever given was: 'Don't believe your own hype.'''' ,'''I like to collect aprons from different places I go. I first started when I was in Italy because I thought that would be really appropriate. I got a hand-stitched Italian apron from this woman in Sicily who put my name on it, and it said, 'Sicily, Italy.' So now I get one from everywhere I go.''' ,]
+++